Manchester United are poised to hold a meeting with Darwin Nunez's agent Jorge Mendes to see if they can hijack the striker's expected move to Liverpool, it has emerged. Reports in Portugal have claimed a deal has already been agreed between Benfica and the Reds to take the Uruguayan centre-forward to Merseyside for a fee that could reach up to a club-record £85million. Nunez has attracted interest from multiple major clubs after a 34-goal season in Portugal and Liverpool want him to replace Sadio Mane, who looks set to join Bayern Munich. United are another outfit who have been keen on the 22-year-old as Erik ten Hag looks to rejuvenate the Red Devils' squad before his debut campaign. It looks as though Liverpool have stolen a march on their arch-rivals however and Nunez is keen on a move to Anfield. The Athletic claim he has verbally agreed personal terms. But with the Merseyside club unwilling to get involved in a bidding war, it has been claimed United will launch a last-minute effort to prevent Nunez joining Liverpool. Portuguese football expert Pedro Sepulveda told Sky Sports News on Thursday: "There are another two English clubs that are interested in Nunez, Newcastle and Manchester United. MUST READ: Karius' incredible new look as Liverpool confirm keeper can leave "The information that I have is that Benfica didn't receive a formal bid from any of these clubs. But I have the information that today Manchester United will have a meeting with Jorge Mendes, who is the new Darwin Nunez agent, because they know Benfica already received an official offer from Liverpool. "They want to sit with Jorge Mendes and try to see if they can still do something. But the information that I have is that this meeting is not happening in England, it's happening in another city in Europe. "The thing is I still have information from the player's side and the player is already thinking about playing at Anfield. It will be so difficult to convince him to play for Newcastle or Manchester United because he wants to play Champions League with Liverpool." It remains widely expected despite United's late attempt to hijack Liverpool's deal that Nunez will still join up with Jurgen Klopp's team. That's despite Fabrizio Romano's claim in his CaughtOffside column that United have long been in touch with the player's representatives. Liverpool are said to believe the striker is a lot like Edinson Cavani, Nunez's Uruguay team-mate who is departing Old Trafford on a free transfer this summer after a two-year stint in Manchester. It's thought Nunez will sign a five-year deal with the Reds if a deal is completed. Around £17m of the proposed £85m deal to take him to Anfield will be add-ons, with the upfront fee sat at around £68m. Klopp is a huge fan of the South American and after Nunez scored against Liverpool for Benfica in the Champions League back in April: "I knew him before, of course, but he played well against us. He is strong physically, fast, calm at the finish. That's great. If he avoids injuries, he will have a great career." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here