A senior colleague is looking into ways to reduce everyone’s workload. This may mean taking on extra employees or temporary workers. This move will be welcomed if it helps ease the pressure you have all recently been under. Ideas are shared. People are interested in what you have to say. Giving freely without expecting anything in return will attract abundance your way. You’re feeling grateful and generous, and whether it is money, friendship, guidance or a word of praise, you are giving from a place of compassion. Your generosity is making a positive difference. It might seem as if the rug had been pulled from beneath your feet and you aren’t sure of the best way to cope. Feelings you haven’t experienced before confuse you. You may even be wondering if you are supposed to feel this way. Putting your thoughts down on paper can help you understand yourself better. This will also release tension.  You may be at a standstill when it comes to your job or domestic situation, but this doesn’t mean you aren’t making progress. The progress being made is within yourself as your resilience is put to the test and you are discovering more of who you are and what is right for you. Now is the time to let other people know what you are thinking about. The planning stage is over and you need to take the initiative and get started in order to get results. The few details left to be considered can be managed as you go. A situation is coming to an end and the results are out of your hands. You’ve done all you possibly could in your hope that all will go as you are hoping. Now it is up to other people on how to move forward. Whatever the outcome, this part of your life has run its course.  News you’ve been waiting to hear will be disappointing. Give yourself a chance to think about what you have heard before reacting. Avoid making any rash decisions when emotions are heightened or you could regret an emotional outburst. Weigh up the pros and cons before deciding on what you are going to do. Be brave and put your own interests first. Ignore anyone who accuses you of being selfish. Maximum success will come from focusing on the practical side of life. Others might indulge in creative or wishful thinking, but you won’t be following their lead. It is time to get down to business. You aren’t sure whether it is really worth continuing with a project when others who are involved don’t seem interested anymore. You seem to be the only one that is taking this seriously. You would probably get more satisfaction through making this a solo enterprise.  When other people see you feeling low and fed up, they will start doubting you, too. You might wake up today wanting to be more vibrant, more confident and more successful. There are many facets to your personality. This is your chance to try on a different you. Have fun discovering a new part of yourself. You seem to have no choice but to have to get on with tasks you really don’t want to do. If you give it all you’ve got, no one can accuse you of shirking your responsibilities. You may even finish early enough to still have some time for yourself later. Responsibilities are heavy and may weigh you down, but you have a vivid imagination and they can’t stop you from escaping into a world of fantasy. You are free to go anywhere you please within your mind while keeping up appearances on the job. 