Lewis Hamilton’s mid-race helmet change during the Monaco Grand Prix was down to the changeable conditions according to Mercedes. Eagle-eyed fans spotted Hamilton donning two different helmet designs during the race in a bizarre switch. He started the race with a new white helmet designed by artist Daniel Arsham especially for the Monaco Grand Prix. The design was inspired by Hamilton's favourite crystal, amethyst, and was expected to be used across the whole weekend. However, Hamilton switched back to his yellow helmet after Mick Schumacher’s heavy accident on lap 27 brought out the red flag. Speaking on Mercedes' Monaco debrief video, trackside engineering director Andrew Shovlin claimed the conditions were the main reason behind the change. He revealed Hamilton wanted to switch to a tinted visor to ensure he had ‘better visibility’ towards the end of the race. A massive delay for a rain shower at the start meant the race did not finish until 6pm local time, over an hour later than predicted. READ MORE: George Russell has knocked Lewis Hamilton off his perch Shovlin said: “In those very dark wet conditions at the start of the race, they are running a clear visor and that gives them the best visibility in the spray. When you get into the dry race, also the sun is a lot lower in the sky, the end of the race was near six o'clock in the evening. "He then moves to a tinted visor, just because it gives you better visibility, better contrast, but also you avoid the sun getting in your eyes." Hamilton finished eighth in Monaco after a difficult day around the streets of the Principality. The seven-time champion was unable to make up ground after he was caught behind both Alpine’s of Esteban Ocon and Fernando Alonso. Hamilton and Ocon made contact at one stage of the battle which resulted in minor front-wing damage. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton makes demand to Mercedes engineers after Monaco GP [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton and George Russell 'annoyed' with Mercedes still stuck [ANALYSIS]Hamilton responds to claims he 'criticised FIA' for Monaco GP delays [COMMENT] The delays meant Hamilton was unable to close up on Lando Norris and George Russell in a bid to fight for fifth. The result leaves the former champion 75 points behind Max Verstappen in the drivers’ championship and 34 behind Russell. After the race, Hamilton said: "That was one of those days in Monaco - stuck behind other cars for most of the race and, in the end, just cruising but not able to overtake. I was glad when the rain came because that usually creates opportunities, unfortunately it didn't play out that way and we couldn't get past Ocon when I was running on the intermediates. “It's been a tough weekend and I've had some unlucky situations, like the red flag in qualifying, so I'm looking forward now to turning the page and heading to Baku.”