Yet now it looks like we might once again face an enemy capable of blacking-out the country, shutting down our businesses and causing the Government to ration energy. And the name of that enemy? Not Russia, China or somewhere like Syria. The enemy is ourselves. It's happened before. Back in 1973 strikes caused all kinds of problems and of course the infamous ‘three day week.’   Miners picketed power stations and triggered mass blackouts across the land forcing  businesses to close. This time the cause is different but the result predicted to be the same - our unforced error is our total over-dependence on other countries for our energy.  It’s like we’ve declared war on ourselves. Scotland’s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon did a weird U-turn. She shifted from moaning about not getting oil revenues for Scotland to saying she wants to shut production down for the sake of an alleged ‘climate emergency.’ Meanwhile, Westminster has been shutting down our coal power stations with a plan to get rid of them all by 2024. Even though the country’s built on coal, literally, we’re not going to use any of it to power our nation. And now fracking – the other treasure beneath our feet, gets the cold shoulder from hot-headed greens, who somehow managed to convince politicians that anything you can take out of Mother Earth and fizz, fuse or burn is bad, bad, bad! Well, to anyone who thinks going green means a Britain that goes to work on wind and sun, have I got news for you - the news is: you can’t. Look at California. It’s virtue signal-obsessed politicians managed to shift to ‘clean’ energy. Result? Black-outs and freeze-outs, followed by mad dash for any power they can lay their hands on to keep the home fires burning. Their failed experiment is proof positive that worshipping at the false idol of renewables leaves you in the dark. There’s a disconnect here too. Extinction extremists stop us fracking, they’re more than happy to flip their light switches at home, courtesy of French nuclear, Norwegian gas, and bits of wood powering Drax brought here from just about anywhere we can get it. Spoiler alert guys: even if you get your fuel from abroad, you still have to burn it! And guess what? All you’ve done is make us dependent on other countries that now have their own problems thanks to the war in Ukraine. And these citizens will not be sitting in the dark just so can Britain can keep its lights on. Let’s face it, the remaining 27 EU nations are hardly going to send their gas to us, and leave themselves shivering. Putin turns off the gas to Europe, and Europe turns off the gas to us. And let’s not pretend. Whatever the ‘Jolly Green Giant,’ Boris Johnson, is told by his wife about the environment, his ministers know that playtime is over. That’s why they’re telling the coal power stations to delay closing down. That’s why stories of blackouts affecting up to six million households keep them up at night. The Labour Party lost an election after the infamous Winter of Discontent in 1978 –  because power black-outs equal electoral wipe-outs. So, questions for you: do you want your power turned off on weekdays at peak times in the morning? How will you feel spending evenings by candlelight? Romantic, but impractical? And how about if energy prices flew up again? Even if the Government subsidises these, it’s taxpayers money, so of course we’re only really subsidising ourselves,   This is an avoidable own goal, caused by the insane mad dash to abolish anything that creates any ‘emissions.’ Wherever you stand on the so-called climate emergency it is not made better with foreign imports of gas that we might not be even able to get. Unless the greens now want to freeze us to death next winter ‘to save the planet,’ it’s time to get real as we did around 10 years ago and get on with fracking, especially in places like Blackpool where it would be an dramatic source of inward investment for the area - proper 'levelling up'. The jobs from firms like Cuadrilla would ignite local and national economies and illuminate our homes. We'd be self-sufficient in energy, and frankly up yours Putin. Or, should we just continue to ignore what lies beneath, hoping someone will chuck us a few tanker-fulls of gas our way, and pray it doesn’t snow in December? The Prime Minister needs to learn something about the real world of energy, and get the nation fracking. It’s clean, green and it’s ours and under our feet. Or, if you prefer, give us all a very cold winter, where nobody (not even Downing Street) will have the power to party.  * @loisperry26 is a leading fracking campaigner. Her UK Government Petition End the Fracking ban now has 16,582 signatures. 