Boris Johnson damaged his reputation by attending lockdown parties and Conservative MPs are at each other’s throats over whether he should remain Prime Minister. Keir Starmer took over as Labour leader in 2020 and will be hoping to push the Tories out of power in 2024. Pollsters are predicting the Tories will struggle in the next general election as they trail behind the Labour Party. The latest voting intention data from YouGov showed Labour has a four-point lead over the Government. This has been consistent for several months now and the Tories have trailed in polls since December. After being in power since 2010 the public could be looking for a fresh face to lead the country. READ MORE: Brexit: Remoaners humiliated as UK exports to EU hit record high The Tories have a number of seats which they control by tiny margins and these are under threat in the next general election. Places like Stoke-on-Trent Central, which turned blue in 2019, have a wafer-thin majority of 670 votes and could go either way in the next vote. A bigger concern for the Prime Minister will be his own seat of Uxbridge and South Ruislip in London which has a majority of around 7,000. The seat will be a key target for Labour as they look to unseat the Government. Bookies are predicting the Conservatives will struggle to retain their majority in an election. Ladbrokes are offering odds of 2/7 for the Conservatives to fail to win a majority at the next general election. The betting firm is also offering 2/1 for Mr Johnson to be replaced in 2022 or 2023. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "It's looking increasingly unlikely we'll see Boris in charge at the next General Election, and while the Conservatives continue to lead the way in the race for most seats, Labour are closing the gap with every Tory mistake." DON'T MISS:Brexit POLL: Would YOU vote in a Brexit referendum on REJOINING EU? [POLL]Rwanda flight is OFF: Home Office confirms NO asylum seekers will fly  [INSIGHT]Russia’s high-profile defector hoping to defeat Putin- ‘I could not... [ANALYSIS] Betfair is predicting that the Tories will win the most seats but without an overall majority. The firm is offering 1/3 for the election to take place in 2024 or afterwards. Betfair spokesperson Sam Rosbottom said: “Despite a rocky few months for the Conservatives amid the ‘partygate’ fallout, they are the 10/11 favourites, ahead of Labour who are 6/5, to win the most seats at the next General Election, which is odds-on to take place in 2024 or later. “Meanwhile, it is odds-on at 4/5 for there to be no overall majority, with the Tories at 3/1 to win a majority and Labour 4/1.” A crucial by-election in Wakefield next week will be an indication of how voters in the so-called Red Wall Labour heartlands will vote. The Tories will be desperately hoping they can hold onto seats in the north and midlands to keep Labour out of Downing Street. But it is possible that a general election may be held earlier if Tory rebels refuse to back their boss and vote with the party in Parliament. In any event, the Prime Minister needs to start turning things around right away to stand a chance of being in power past 2024.