Disney Plus will be airing the critically-acclaimed mystery-comedy series Only Murders in the Building after the first season premiered on Hulu back in 2021. Season two will be premiering tomorrow (June 28) under the Star banner, which houses the more grown up content on Disney+. The series will pick up from the first outing with the investigation into the death of Upper West Side apartment resident Tim Kono (played by Julian Cihi) taking another turn. The show has a star-studded cast, Express.co.uk takes a closer look. Legendary American comedian and actor Steve Martin reprises his role as Charles-Haden Savage, a semi-retired actor who led the fictional 1990s TV series Brazzos and lives in the Arconia where the murder took place. Martin is no stranger to screens with a career from the 60s across film and television, which includes the Father of the Bride movies, Three Amigos, Roxanne, Bowfinger, and the Pink Panther. He has been nominated for a whole host of awards including Emmys and Golden Globes with Martin presented with an honorary Academy Award in 2014. As well as starring in the show, he also co-created Only Murders in the Building with John Hoffman. READ MORE: Only Murders in the Building season 2 release date: When is it out? Another screen legend is fellow star Martin Short, who returns as the financially struggling Broadway director Oliver Putnam who comes up with the idea of the true-crime podcast and also lives in the Arconia. Only Murders in the Building reunites Short and Martin, who previously starred together in the 1986 movie the ¡Three Amigos! and have been firm friends for over 35 years. Short is known for many films over the years including the iconic sci-fi series Innerspace, Mars Attacks!, The Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause, and Jungle 2 Jungle, among others. More recently, he’s appeared in Apple TV’s The Morning Show and Schmigadoon!. During his career, spanning four decades, Short has been nominated for a slew of gongs and is the owner of a Tony Award as well as two Emmys. Rounding off the cast is Selena Gomez as Mabel Mora again, who is renovating her apartment at the Arconia for her aunt who was friends with the murder victim. Former Disney star Gomez is an acting, producer and singing sensation after starting off her career as a child actor in Barney & Friends. She went on to star in TV show Wizards of Waverly Place and movies Another Cinderella Story, Princess Protection Program, Monte Carlo, Spring Breakers, and Getaway, among others. Gomez has released three studio albums, four EPS, and 33 singles during her music career to date. As a producer, she was an executive on the controversial teen Netflix series 13 Reasons Why and is also a producer for Only Murders in the Building. Vanessa Aspillaga returns to Only Murders in the Building as Ursula, the building manager of the Arconia. Aspillaga has featured in Morning Glory, Love & Other Drugs, and Hustlers, among other projects. Model-turned-actress Cara Delevingne joins the show for season two as Mabel’s love interest Alice. Delevingn’s previous acting credits have included Suicide Squad, Paper Towns, Anna Karenina, Carnival Row, and Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets. DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast host worries fans after rush to hospital [VIEWER REACTION]Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret [ANALYSIS]A Place in the Sun fans slam pair for rejecting 'dream' Danni find [VIDEO] Nathan Lane is confirmed to be making a comeback as Teddy Dimas, a deli chain owner who agrees to sponsor the podcast. Actor and writer Lane has been in showbusiness since the 1980s and is cast known for his prolific stage work in productions of Present Laughter, Guys and Dolls, and The Odd Couple. He is also known for his screen work which includes a remake of The Producers, Mousehunt, The Birdcage, and voicing Timon in The Lion King. Only Murders in the Building has previously seen some famous faces joining the cast including Tina Fey, Sting, and Jimmy Fallon. Season two is likely to see some more big names with Shirley MacLaine and Amy Schumer already confirmed to be starring. Only Murders in the Building launches on Disney+ on June 28