Chelsea have announced Bruce Buck will step down from his role as club chairman on June 30, ending his 19-year tenure at Stamford Bridge. Buck's impending departure is the latest mammoth change after Todd Boehly bought the Blues from long-serving owner Roman Abramovich in May. Since the 76-year-old's tenure began in 2003, Chelsea's men's team has lifted 18 major trophies, more than any other English club, while the women's side has claimed 12. Buck worked closely with Abramovich to cement the club's status as a global powerhouse on and off the pitch. In his parting statement, Buck expressed his pride in his work at Stamford Bridge over almost two decades. He explained that it's the 'right time' to move to one side and let Chelsea's new ownership steer the ship into the future, which he will support in a new Senior Advisor role. It read: "I am proud to have helped Chelsea realize great success on the pitch and make a positive impact in the community. Now is the right time to step down and let new ownership build on the strong foundations we have in place. The owners have a compelling vision for Chelsea's future, and I look forward to helping them achieve it in this new role alongside our incredible staff, players, coaches and supporters." JUST IN: Liverpool insiders respond to claims Mohamed Salah set to quit club  Buck played a significant role in establishing the Chelsea FC Foundation, supporting 'a broad range of initiatives, including increasing access to youth athletics, hosting education and employment programmes, and leading anti-discrimination campaigns.' And Chelsea's new owner Boehly has also released his own statement thanking him for his long-term service as the club's chairman. "Bruce has led Chelsea Football Club to the highest levels of international and domestic football while also developing one of the most active social responsibility projects in sport," Boehly wrote. "We thank Bruce for his service and his commitment to the Club." READ MORE: Man Utd chief Arnold's reality check proves Neville blast was spot on  Buck's exit comes as Boehly looks to make a positive start to his reign at Stamford Bridge by backing Thomas Tuchel in the transfer market. He'll be keen to replicate the success Buck and Abramovich enjoyed while at the helm, especially after a disappointing final campaign. Tuchel wants to bolster his attacking options with soon-to-be free agent Ousmane Dembele and Manchester City forward Raheem Sterling. He is also eyeing reinforcements in central defence as Jules Kounde and Matthijs de Ligt continue to be strongly linked with a Premier League switch. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here