The Queen and Princess Margaret were "extremely close" as children. In order to eliminate any form of sibing rivalry between the young girls, the Queen Mother reportedly used to dress her two daughters, who were four-years apart in age, in the matching outfits. Speaking to 9honey, royal author Bethan Holt discussed their mother's little trick. 9honey's UK correspondent Karishma Sarkari asked Ms Holt: "The Queen Mother had a little bit of a trick to keep Princess Elizabeth and Princess Margaret close growing up and to, sort of, eliminate that sibling rivalry or heir to the spare to the heir mentality, didn't she." Ms Holt said: "Yeah, absolutely. "You have to remember, there [were] four years between those two girls. "If you told a 12-year-old that they had to dress like their eight-year-old sister, I think, there'd be a little bit of rebellion going on. READ MORE: Queen health fears erupt as monarch's bruised purple hands spark worry - PICTURES "[but] Elizabeth was very good and her and Margaret were always dressed in matching outfits." She added: "I think that that really helped to show that, you know, in their parents eyes , they were considered equals. "While Elizabeth had this, you know, incredibly important destiny ahead of her, she really needed to remember, as well, that her and her sister were sisters, they needed to be there for each other. "[and] dressing the same created this lovely sense of family." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry should not do Jubilee tell-all interview: ‘Nothing to tell!’ Rachael Lloyd, a relationship expert from eharmony spoke previously to Express.co.uk to analyse the relationship between the the Queen and her sister as children. She said: “They were extremely close. "Though on the surface incompatible, their differences in character made them extremely complementary.” Ms Lloyd referred to the sisters as being like "twins of differing ages" with their matching outfits. DON'T MISS Their father King George VI famously once said that Elizabeth was his pride and Margaret was his joy. Ms Lloyd claimed that the Queen Elizabeth II was "organised, calm and reflective", whilst her younger sister was "impulsive, mischievous and rebellious". READ NEXT: