Boots has announced it is freezing the price of over 1,500 products to ensure they remain affordable for customers. The Boots own label lines will be price locked until at least the end of the year and include Boots branded customer favourites and everyday essentials such as toothpaste, shampoo, nappies and shower gel. The list of products spans several categories, such as toiletries, hair care, dental, health, wellness and beauty. The newly expanded Boots own label range is now its biggest ever with over 11,000 products across health and beauty. All Boots brand lines come with the Boots promise of great, trusted quality, based on decades of research and science, at great value prices starting from 40p. Steve Ager, Chief Customer and Commercial Officer at Boots UK says: “We always try to offer great value and the best price for our customers. READ MORE: Fears shopping could be harder for under 40s in 'backwards' law plans “In pulling together the list of products to include in the Price Lock Promise, we reviewed the lines that customers buy most regularly as well as those that are deemed to be day-to-day essentials. “We want customers to feel reassured that the prices of a large selection of health and beauty favourites will be staying the same, helping them to continue to buy the quality lines they love at Boots.” Currently, more than 1,000 essential items are £2 and under. Boots Brand range has more than 100 lines priced at £1 or less. DON'T MISS...Queen Letizia of Spain steps out in white lacy dress ‘So stylish!' [PICTURES]'Soggy suitcases!’ Luggage rolls of P&O Cruise liner into sea [LATEST]Weight loss: Doctor shares ideal eating window to boost weight loss [VIDEO] In addition to freezing prices, Boots also offers over 1,300 deals or promotions at any one time in its stores and online. The recently launched Price Advantage scheme provides Boots Advantage Card holders with exclusive discounts on over 400 products each month. With an average saving of £2.65 per product, the scheme has helped customers to save over £8million to date. The scheme includes categories across beauty, health, wellness and baby. The average saving is £2.65 per product, with some items up to 50 percent off and savings as big as £17. Look out for the pink price tickets in stores and online to see the savings on offer. And in upcoming months, Boots are aiming to extend the range to include another 1,000 products. The Boots weekly £10 Tuesday flash sale is fast becoming a cult favourite with savvy shoppers who snap up money saving deals on big brand products every week. The high street shop has also added new affordable makeup ranges from 17 and MakeUp Revolution. Boots continues to donate essential products to The Hygiene Bank to help provide families living in poverty with access to much needed support. Since 2020, Boots has donated over 680,000 products to the scheme. Customers can also contribute via donation points in over 470 stores or through e-vouchers on boots.com.