Jack Woods died just two days before the 78th anniversary of D-Day - a commemoration he had not missed for decades - in the Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital. The death of the highly-decorated soldier and campaigner for veterans was mourned in France and Norfolk. In 2015 he recalled: "We sailed for Normandy during a storm and I was as sick as a dog. "It didn't take long for me to realise that we were killing people that were just like us, ordinary young lads. I thought, 'This is not right'. "When you live through something like that, it lives with you forever. I feel the presence of those who died there when I am in Normandy. They do not want to be forgotten." Jack Sidney Woods grew up in Norwich. He volunteered for action on May 23, 1942, his 18th birthday, and a little more than two years later landed on a Normandy beach. The Allied invasion was the largest amphibious assault, involving a force of more than 156,000 soldiers. British and Commonwealth casualties on D-Day numbered around 4,300. Thousands more died in the ensuing Normandy Campaign that opened the Allied march to Paris. Jack served with the 9th Royal Tank Regiment and although he landed after D-Day, June 6, 1944, fighting was still intense. Many of the soldiers he fought with had never seen combat. Sent to support the 15th Scottish, Jack was immediately told to replace a driver who had been injured. He went into battle passing tanks that were on fire and their crews either dead or stumbling away in shock. As they took in the scene, a Spandau German machine gun fired at them - his first day of combat. He once said: "Every time you moved into attack you had no idea what you'd come up against. "There wasn't time to be frightened then but when you had your days off, that's when the fear kicked in. "Our greatest fear was being burnt alive inside your tank - really, they were like huge steel coffins." Later, Jack ran a catering supplies company and had two shoe shops in Norwich. His wife Hilda died in 1996. In 2009 he was presented with the Legion d'Honneur, France's highest military award, by President Nicolas Sarkozy, watched by Prime Minister Gordon Brown, Prince Charles and President Barack Obama. Jack's son John, said: "My dad made a difference to so many people. I'm proud of him."