 Prince Philip would have celebrated his 101st birthday today — he was just weeks away from marking his centenary when he sadly passed last April. The Duke of Edinburgh was the Queen’s loyal consort for 73 years and stood by her side for the majority of her historic reign. The Queen — then-Princess Elizabeth — married Philip Mountbatten, a young naval officer, in a lavish wedding at Westminster Abbey in November 1947.  Soon after, Philip was made second-in-command of HMS Chequers, leader of the first destroyer flotilla of the Mediterranean Fleet based in Malta. From 1949 to 1951, the newlyweds lived in Valletta, the capital of the Mediterranean island country, where they stayed at Villa Guardamangia, owned by Philip's uncle Lord Mountbatten. Living on the island was perhaps the closest Elizabeth and Philip came to living a normal life, and Her Majesty has since described her time in Malta as “the happiest days of my life”. The future Queen lived as a naval officer’s wife and immersed herself in a life of shopping, sightseeing, gossiping and dancing the samba.  Royal expert Victoria Arbiter claimed that Malta “was the only place outside the UK she ever called home.” Writing for 9Honey, Ms Arbiter said: “The years the Queen spent in Malta were said to be among the happiest of her life, and the Mediterranean archipelago was the only place outside the UK she ever called home. “There's much to be said for a taste of a normal existence when one inhabits an abnormal world.” While Elizabeth did carry out some occasional royal engagements, the then-princess’ days were quite ordinary.  Ms Arbiter said: “She had her hair done at the local salon, hosted tea parties for the officers' wives and used cash for the first time when paying for her groceries. “She danced with Prince Philip in the sumptuous ballroom of the Hotel Meridien Phoenicia and joined the Mountbattens on boating expeditions to nearby creeks and bays.” In the late Forties and early Fifties, the princess was travelling back and forth between London and Malta to support her father whose health was deteriorating rapidly. By 1951, it became clear that the young couple’s “ordinary” lives in the Mediterranean could no longer continue.  At the time, Lady Mountbatten described Elizabeth's return to England as "rather like putting a bird back into a very small cage". The Queen returned to Malta on several occasions during her reign — a state visit in 1992 allowed her a chance to return to the villa she once called home, and in 2007 she and Philip celebrated their diamond wedding anniversary on the Mediterranean isle. In November 2015, the monarch visited the country for the final time. During the visit, the Queen said: “Visiting Malta is always very special for me.  “I remember happy days here with Prince Philip when we were first married.” Her Majesty’s thoughts are likely to be with her late husband as she remembers him on his birthday. The bittersweet day comes a week after communities across the country celebrated the monarch’s Platinum Jubilee. And this weekend, the Queen will mark another monumental milestone.  On Sunday, Queen Elizabeth II will become the world’s second longest-reigning monarch, surpassing King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Thailand whose reign lasted 70 years, 126 days before his death in 2016 at the age of 88. Elizabeth already holds the title of Britain's longest-reigning monarch and, at the age of 96, she is also the world's oldest monarch.