The Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s luggage include the special items as they arrived back in California after they attended the Queen’s momentous Platinum Jubilee celebrations in the UK with their two children. Meghan, 40, and Harry, 37, were spotted in a black Range Rover in Santa Barbara on Sunday after returning to the US on a private jet as the Queen’s Platinum Pageant took place in the UK, according to reports.  Photos emerged showing the couple’s luggage arriving at the airport, including a wooden swing with a rope. The swing could be a thoughtful gift from Prince Harry’s father Prince Charles, who gave a similar present to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge as a wedding gift for their Norfolk home. Prince George has previously been pictured on the swing which has “William and Catherine” etched on the front for his official birthday portrait. Princess Eugenie also has the exact same swing. It comes after Meghan and Harry shared a rare photograph of their daughter Lilibet on her first birthday after throwing a picnic for her at Frogmore Cottage. Close family and friends were invited to celebrate the occasion at the Windsor residence, where a cake by the couple's wedding baker Claire Ptak was also served.  READ MORE: Harry and Meghan expected royals to 'drop everything for them' The Queen had not seen Archie Harrison or met Lilibet Diana since his parents sensationally quit royal life and moved to the US two years ago. But the 96-year-old monarch is reported to have met Lilibet for the first time last Thursday when the Sussexes arrived in the UK for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The couple kept a low profile during the momentous occasion, only officially attending a thanksgiving service on Friday for the Queen in their first public appearance together in Britain since quitting royal duties. The pair joined other senior royals at the service at London's St Paul's Cathedral, the latest event in Platinum Jubilee celebrations marking the Queen's 70 years on the throne.  DON'T MISS Attack failed! Meghan Markle told to 'think of new career' [INSIGHT]Kate and William caught in 'photo battle' with Meghan and Harry [REVEALED]Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'haven't kept relationship going' [INFO] The couple moved to the US two years ago to lead a more independent life, and live in a mansion in California with their two young children Archie and daughter Lilibet, who was named after her great-grandmother, the Queen. The Sussex children were not pictured in public, but are understood to have had a special lunch with the Queen. The couple made headlines with a bombshell Oprah Winfrey interview in March last year when Meghan, who is biracial, accused an unnamed royal of racism and Harry said his family had cut them off financially. Their relationship with the other royals has been frosty since then, most notably with Harry's elder brother Prince William. Harry's criticisms of his family have continued since the Oprah interview and there was no obvious interaction between the brothers at Friday's service. The duke has been embroiled in a legal dispute with the British government, which will not allow him to pay for police protection when he is in Britain. Although he returned to Britain in April last year for the funeral of his grandfather Prince Philip, the Queen's husband, he did not attend a recent memorial service because of security issues.  However, the couple met the Queen at Windsor Castle in April on their first private trip to Britain since quitting royal duties ahead of the Invictus Games. A palace source has said Harry, Meghan and his children remained "much loved members of the family". However royal experts say their absence during most of the Jubilee celebrations suggests they will limit future UK visits.