Earlier this week, the building society confirmed that it would be raising the introductory credit interest rate on its FlexDirect current account to a “market-leading” five percent AER. This will primarily assist members with an additional cash boost up to £200 within a year if they switch to the building society. Also this week, the UK inflation rate rose to a 40-year high of 9.1 percent as the country’s cost of living crisis continues to worsen. In response to this, the Bank of England has hiked the base rate to a 1.25 percent to mitigate the damage being caused by inflation. However, banks and building societies have received criticism in recent months for not passing on these rate hikes to their customers. This latest intervention by Nationwide is a sign that many financial institutions are listening to the concerns of their customers and attempting to help them through this crisis. The building society’s FlexDirect account is open for new applications as of June 21 on balances up to £1,500 for the first 12 months.  READ MORE: Nationwide increases interest rate to 5% on key account  Existing members switching their current account will receive £125 while new customers receive £100. Furthemore, the building society is offering an interest free overdraft for the first 12 months to assist members with debt or mortgage concerns. Debbie Crosbie, the chief executive at Nationwide, outlined why the raised interest rate is an important next step for the building society. Ms Crosbie explained: “Being able to offer highly competitive rates is one of the biggest benefits of mutuality. “This market leading rate will help new and existing members make the most of their money, which is particularly important right now. “The FlexDirect current account also has an introductory interest-free overdraft to give some peace of mind to those struggling financially and freeing them to focus on repaying other debts.” Financial experts are still warning that inflation will continue to rise in the UK for the foreseeable and this will continue to hurt people's savings. Paul Titterton, the managing director of Digital Solutions at abrdn, said: “Yet another inflation rise means more pressure on already strained household finances, and there’s an expectation that it will climb even higher to 11 percent later this year. “Soaring inflation reduces the ‘real-term value’ of people’s money held in cash and savings accounts, therefore limiting their purchasing power and potentially risking a shortfall in planned future spending. “This will be particularly acute for those relying on savings for day-to-day income, such as retirees. “We know that many are already feeling the effect on their weekly shop and household bills.” Citing research carried out by his firm, Mr Titterton noted that more needs to be done to get savers back on their feet. He added: “Our research found that just over half (56 percent) of people who retired in the past year were continuing to work, with a fifth (22 percent) saying they needed the extra income to meet the rising cost of living. “That’s why it’s now more important than ever for retirees to plan ahead and consider ways to mitigate inflation’s impact on their income. “For those in a position to do so, considering strategic ways to invest and push for greater returns on their savings is now more important than ever. “Without taking action, any savings people do have risk losing value by the day.”