More than 10,000 people will be taking part in the pageant, made up of volunteers, official royal staff and key workers from across the UK and the Commonwealth. Among the fixtures, Ed Sheeran will be leading a musical tribute, and a 3D bust of the Queen will also feature. So what exactly will be happening, and how can you watch? According to the pageant's official website, the event will be organised into sections as follows: Act I: For Queen and Country For Queen and Country is the opening act of the Platinum Jubilee Pageant. It will be a military spectacle, celebrating the UK Armed Forces from all three Services, along with military personnel from across the Commonwealth including Canada, New Zealand, Australia, Pakistan, Ghana, Belize, Jamaica, Sri Lanka, and beyond. READ MORE: Jane Moore slams Meghan and Harry in Loose Women rant Act II: The Time of Our Lives ‘The Time of Our Lives’ is a vibrant display of British life since 1952, moving through a transformation of popular culture over the last 70 years. Act III: Let’s Celebrate The third act of the Platinum Jubilee Pageant, Let’s Celebrate, will harness creativity, ingenuity, humour and community spirit. Act IV: Happy and Glorious A finale like no other will form around the Queen Victoria Memorial in front of Buckingham Palace with all parts of the Pageant leading to this moment.” The pageant will begin at Horse Guards parade, before travelling past the Houses of Parliament and through Whitehall to Trafalgar Square. The procession will pass through Admirality arch and all the way up the mall to Buckingham Palace. It will go around the Queen Victoria Memorial, which is immediately in front of the palace, before moving down Birdcage Walk and ending where it began at the Horse Guards parade. DON'T MISSHer majesty's loyalty to the UK is exemplary, says Christine Kershaw [REPORT]‘You’re probably getting billions back’: Jubilee to boost UK economy [ANALYSIS]Gyles Brandreth reflects on Meghan last royal engagement with Queen [INSIGHT] The Gold State Coach will lead the Platinum Jubilee Pageant procession on Sunday. The Royal Family posted on its official Instagram account: "On Sunday 5 June, as part of the #PlatinumJubilee Celebration weekend, the Mounted Band of the Household Cavalry will lead The Gold State Coach, drawn – as it always has been – by eight Windsor Grey horses. "The Queen travelled in the Coach on the way to her Coronation, and during the Pageant original film footage recorded on Coronation Day will be showcased in the carriage windows." The Queen last rode in the carriage in 2002, for the Service of National Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral, again alongside Prince Philip. The pageant will be broadcast on the BBC and Sky on Sunday. On the BBC, Kirsty Young will present alongside other famous BBC faces, including AJ Odudu, Anita Rani, Clare Balding, Sophie Morgan and Anton Du Beke. Kay Burley will present live coverage of the Platinum Jubilee Pageant in central London for Sky, with special guest Dame Joanna Lumley and Sky Royal Events commentator Alastair Bruce.