Video footage has captured the horrifying moment a cruise ship carrying thousands of passengers smashed into an iceberg in Alaska. Panicked onlookers can be heard in the background of the clip as the ship collides with a moderately sized iceberg, known as a growler, in the middle of the ocean. The ship, operated by Norwegian Cruise Line, had been set to make the journey towards an Alaskan glacier when heavy fog disrupted the route. After the crash, the cruise ship was forced to hastily dock in Juneau, Alaska to allow engineers to assess the damage to the vessel.    Passengers spoke to Juneau Empire following the incident as they relayed the terrifying moment the ship struck the iceberg. Alicia Amador, one of the passengers onboard, said: “The whole boat came to a complete stop from the impact. “It was a scary experience.” Ms Amador, who had been travelling as part of a family holiday described hearing a “big noise” as the cruise ship made contact with the iceberg which she described as the “size of a semi-truck.”    Another passenger, Jason Newman, spoke to Alaska news outlet KTOO to explain his experience. Mr Newman said: “The ship had a severe judder. You could feel the strike.” The passenger explained the captain of the vessel did not immediately inform the thousands aboard that the ship had struck an iceberg. Mr Newman reported the passengers were told of the incident at roughly 8.30 on Sunday morning, the day following the collision. Read more: Spain introduces new UK passport rule - Alicante, Tenerife airports   Despite the terrifying nature of the incident, no injuries were reported as a result of the impact with the iceberg. Norwegian Cruise Line were made to cancel the scheduled nine-night Alaskan trip following the collision and the passengers have been rerouted to return to Seattle. Speaking to Cruise Hive, a Norwegian Cruise Line spokesperson said: “On June 25 2022, while transiting to Hubbard Glacier in Alaska, Norwegian Sun was engulfed by dense fog, limiting visibility and resulting in the ship making contact with a growler.” According to the National Snow and Ice Data Centre, growlers are smaller icebergs that are generally classified as being less than two metres across, with less than one metre showing above the water. DON'T MISS: Titanic mystery solved: Expert finds what 'really' caused the sinking [REPORT]Tourist spots under threat as mega iceberg leaks 152 tonnes of water [ANALYSIS]Travel Chaos: 'Think this is bad, wait for the school holidays' [INSIGHT] Given the dense fog, it is likely the cruise line was already operating at a reduced speed, meaning the collision with the iceberg had a reduced impact due to precautionary measures in place. However, the planned Alaskan glacier trip has been shelved and the passengers will be returned to Seattle with plans for the cost of their trip to be refunded as a result of the disruption. A spokesperson for Norwegian Cruise Line told ABC News: “The ship was given clearance by the United States Coast Guard and other local maritime authorities to return to Seattle at reduced speed. “All guests currently onboard will disembark in Seattle as originally planned.” Read next: 'Ultra luxury' cruise ship arrives in UK waters for first timeCruise hacks: Can I bring my own alcohol? How to get free drinksEurope tourism row: Taxes, cruise ship bans and tough rules‘Clever’ cruise packing hack to ensure your jewellery isn’t stolen World’s largest private cruise ship arrives in Devon 