Inter Milan sporting director Piero Ausilio has reportedly landed in London to conduct transfer meetings with some of the Premier League's top sides. Manchester United, Chelsea and Tottenham are among those with vested interests in the Inter squad, and all three will hope to make progress while Ausilio is on English soil. Inter boss Simone Inzaghi is preparing for a summer of change after narrowly missing out on the Serie A title to AC Milan. Financial difficulties saw them auction off a selection of their best players last summer, and while things are not so desperate this time around, more sales are needed if the club are to land targets such as Romelu Lukaku and Paulo Dybala. Ausilio will hope to make progress on Lukaku's prospective loan deal over the coming days, as SportItalia claim that he recently arrived in London. Negotiations with Chelsea are proving complicated due to the huge fee paid for the striker last summer and the massive wages he pockets at Stamford Bridge. But Thomas Tuchel and his sidekicks won't just want to discuss outgoings as the Blues are supposedly interested in Lautaro Martinez, Milan Skriniar and Denzel Dumfries. JUST IN: Arsenal's risky transfer stance made clear after Tottenham agree third summer signing The former could be recruited to offset the departure of Lukaku, and Inter may be on the verge of landing Dybala as his replacement. Skriniar is viewed as an ideal candidate to boost Chelsea's defensive ranks next season, given the departures of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen this summer. Dumfries, meanwhile, would fit seamlessly into Tuchel's system which boasts attacking wing-backs. Man Utd are also interested in Dumfries as Erik ten Hag looks to bolster his full-back options. Aaron Wan-Bissaka is believed to be on the chopping block after a series of frustrating campaigns in which he has failed to demonstrate that he has enough attacking ability to cut it at the top level. DON'T MISSDarwin Nunez's Liverpool wages emerge with star telling friends £85m deal is 'done'Arsenal 'willing to pay over £42m' for midfielder as Roma 'return' for XhakaMan Utd put forward 'higher proposal than Liverpool' for Darwin Nunez Ten Hag and Dumfries are both Dutch, so the new United boss will know exactly what the 26-year-old has to offer. Last season, he racked up nine goal contributions in 33 Serie A matches for the Nerazzurri while bombing down the right flank. As if Ausilio's agenda is not full enough with Chelsea and United, Spurs are also pushing hand to land Alessandro Bastoni and rival Chelsea for Martinez. Bastoni's agent recently claimed that his player is happy in Milan and will not be moving on, but Antonio Conte seemingly views him as a priority target and is reluctant to give in. As for Martinez, convincing him to ditch the San Siro for north London may be a tough sell if his primary role will be to serve as back-up for Harry Kane. Unless, of course, Spurs plan to offload the England captain over the coming weeks.  All three clubs that may be on Ausilio's meeting list are seemingly in position to ramp up interest in their respective targets. Spurs have already locked down one Inter star in Ivan Perisic, while Todd Boehly will be keen to show Chelsea fans that he has the financial muscle to improve the squad. As for United, Ten Hag and co may be focusing all of their efforts on Barcelona's Frenkie de Jong, but other areas of the pitch will also have to be addressed in due course.