Hundreds of millions of people have tuned in this week to celebrate the historic Platinum Jubilee celebrations with Union flags prominently on show in several UK cities as a sign of passion and patriotism. But the milestone has been hit by attacks from critics over what they perceive the British flag symbolises. Some commentators have taken to social media to claim the decision to decorate Regent Street in London with Union flags reminds them of the “fascist” display of nationalism in Nazi Germany many decades ago. One Remainer and political activist claimed the flag “represents blatant fascism and people are getting the wrong end of the stick about all the flags on Regent Street”. But Nile Gardiner, a foreign policy expert and former aide to Margaret Thatcher, accused critics of adopting a "self-loathing mindset of the left" who "hate Brexit" and associate the Union Jack with Britain leaving the European Union. He claimed they would rather have the EU flag flying over London as opposed to the Union Jack, as they "worship" leaders who constantly attack the UK. The ardent Brexiteer told Express.co.uk: "The vast majority of Britons are extremely proud of their country and rightly so. "The British people have done so much for the world, and the world is a far better place thanks to Britain's huge role over the course of hundreds of years. "This is the self-loathing mindset of the left - they hate Britain, they hate Brexit and they also associate the Union Jack with the UK leaving the European Union. "They would much rather the EU flag flying over London than the British flag. "They worship the EU and admire Emmanuel Macron and EU leaders who constantly attack the UK." READ MORE: Republic torn apart after shock claim in Monarchy row 'Abolish it' Mr Gardiner insisted the Union Jack is a "symbol of many centuries of British tradition" and that the country has been a "beacon of freedom, liberty and hope" on the world stage. But he again lashed out at those leaning to the left, accusing them of wanting to "attack their own country to tear Britain down". The foreign policy expert continued: "The Union Jack is a symbol of many centuries of British tradition. "Great Britain has been a tremendous force for good on the world stage, as well as a beacon of freedom, liberty and hope. DON'T MISSRoyal POLL: Were the crowd right to boo Harry and Meghan? VOTE [POLL]Meghan and Harry hold 'secret talks' with Prince Charles [REPORT]Meghan and Harry's Jubilee appearance sparks uproar 'No more!' [COMMENTS] "The Union Jack should be proudly flown not only all over London, but all over the UK. "There are some on the left who will take every opportunity to try and attack their own country to tear Britain down. "They seek to tear down their own country and it is very difficult to understand that mindset but the far-left will use every opportunity to undermine their own country and this is exactly what is happening here." Last week, Mr Gardiner furiously shut down "blatant fascism" jibes at the Union flag from a prominent Remainer, Femi Oluwole. The political activist launched a bizarre attack on the flag overlooking Regent Street, claiming while there is nothing wrong with flag decorations, it represents "blatant fascism". He posted screengrabs of headlines from several reports, including from Sky News, which said: "Race report commissioned by Government an attempt to normalise 'white supremacy', UN human rights experts claim". The political activist wrote: "People are getting the wrong end of the stick about all the flags on Regent Street. "There's nothing wrong with flag decorations, no matter how 'excessive'. The issue is what the flag represents. "Right now, it represents blatant fascism. It's our job to fix that." But a furious Mr Gardiner hit back: "Disgraceful comments. "A stupid insult to the Union Jack and everything it represents for a truly great nation that has given so much to the world."