Arsenal have seen an opening offer worth in the region of £34million rejected by Sassuolo for striker Gianluca Scamacca. The 6ft 4in centre-forward is emerging as one of the best forwards in Italian football after netting 16 times in 38 outings last season. It's no secret that a number of the biggest clubs in Serie A including Inter Milan and Napoli have been taking notice of his impressive development. However, it now appears Arsenal are the first club to launch an official proposal for the 23-year-old, who could leave Sassuolo before the start of the 2022/23 campaign. According to Italian journalist Alfredo Pedulla, the Gunners have seen an offer worth around £34m turned away by Sassuolo. It's claimed hopes of a move were shot down almost immediately because Scamacca wants to stay in Italy. READ MORE: Arsenal can fix midfield depth issues with two shrewd under-the-radar Ligue 1 transfers Arsenal have been monitoring the striker all season and his impressive highlight reel of goals has seemingly seen them firm up their interest. Scamacca has recently been speaking out on his future, suggesting he feels in no rush to make a decision on his next move. He told the Italian media: “The future is certainly something that each of us, in his own life, builds one day at a time. "Match by match, piece by piece, with a lot of patience, because in the end we decide who we want to be and who we want to become. READ MOREMan Utd can pay £2m more for better signing if Ajax star Jurrien Timber snubs transferPau Torres picks between Man Utd and Tottenham transfer as 'both clubs offer £45m'Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting “I think that this season has been a small reward for never giving up. I’ll certainly remember this season, but I hope that it’s just the first of many positives.” Arsenal are on the lookout for a replacement for Alexandre Lacazette, who has agreed a return to Lyon five years after moving to north London. Express Sport understands the Gunners are set to confirm his departure in the coming days, upon the expiry of his contract on June 30. Eddie Nketiah remains close to signing a new contract with the Gunners following a dramatic U-turn towards the end of the season. The former England U-21 frontman looked set to leave on a free transfer before Mikel Arteta was able to convince him to stay. Nketiah finished the season strongly despite failing to help Arsenal over the line in the race for Champions League football. Gabriel Jesus remains the club's top striker target but Arsenal are still yet to firm up their interest in the Brazilian with a bid. Arsenal had also looked at Adam Hlozek, who has now signed for Bayer Leverkusen from Sparta Prague.