Mr Morgan discussed trade unions' fresh demands for increases to pay with journalist Kevin O'Sullivan. The British journalist then went on to discuss his conversation with the Royal Mail union boss who was now pushing for pay raises for his staff. Mr Morgan claimed if workers around the country were to all receive pay rises, the UK's economy would go bust. Britain is currently experiencing 9.1 percent inflation in the economy, the highest peak in 40 years. Mr O'Sullivan said: "Now I was once your boss. You've been my boss several times now, and we're both on Talk TV now. "Why don't we join everyone else, let's both go out and strike, like everyone else shall we?" Mr Morgan told Talk TV: "Well that's the point isn't it, I had one of the... I had the Royal Mail union boss on last night. "And I said to him, you know if all workers deserve a pay rise, where does this all end? "Does every worker now in the country go out and want the same pay rise to cover inflation, 11 percent. JUST IN: If Theresa May hadn’t capitulated to EU we wouldn’t be in this mess! ARLENE FOSTER     Mr Morgan added: "In which case- the country basically goes bust, we don't just go into recession we go into depression. "And I think there's got to be a sense of realism about this, there's a lot of opportunism going on. "And for all the strikes people are doing they're massively inconveniencing a lot of other workers who just want to go to work, who have probably had nightmare two-three years of the pandemic. "So it's a complex one I'm all for unions getting a good deal for their workers, but when they start going on strike like this and it starts to spread like a virus having just got through a pandemic I think it's very problematic."  READ MORE:Sturgeon risks fury as SNP 'almost certain' to have changed laws to secure Queen consent     Teachers and NHS staff have now all threatened to strike for higher wages. RMT union boss Mick Lynch has been leading the way with rail strikes across the country, by demanding the Government increase pay for his workers by up to 7 percent, the union boss has also asked for no more job cuts to the rail sector. British Airways are following in their footsteps with planned summer holiday strikes on their airline. Many Government ministers are worried that giving into workers' demands will cause more damage than good. Inflation in the economy would make it worse for those who are already facing financial struggles in the UK. Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab claimed increasing workers' demands for high wages would worsen inflation for the whole country. Mr Raab told BBC Breakfast: "No, one of the things that will drive up inflation and keep it higher for longer and it is forecast to come back down next year is that if we don't have some wage restraint. "Because I understand why unions feel they should fight their worker's corner, the risk is, for example, we see RMT succeed in their claim for a 7 percent increase in rail worker's pay, rather than the 3 percent offered by Network Rail, that will keep inflation or that will stimulate the pressures on inflation. "Which will keep it higher for longer, and that will only hurt the lowest paid and the most vulnerable in our communities more.  READ NEXT