Cristiano Ronaldo - a five-time Ballon d'Or winner - is very rarely wrong. While his sentimental Old Trafford return continues to divide opinion, there is no hiding away from the fact that Manchester United are better equipped to win major trophies with him on board. He may no longer be operating at the peak of his powers but his elite, unique, winning mentality separates him from the rest. He remains worth his weight in gold to the United dressing room. That's why recent developments should sound the alarm, United's current approach to the transfer market is simply not good enough for what is required if they're to reclaim their place in the summit of English football. In the past few days, reports have detailed that super-agent Jorge Mendes is beginning to explore a potential summer departure for his client, who is seemingly frustrated by the lack of progress in the transfer market. And should that be the case, he is right. To date, United are yet to make any signings and in a few days time, they will officially lose five of last season's first-team squad - Paul Pogba, Edinson Cavani, Juan Mata, Jesse Lingard and Lee Grant. While their recent contributions have left a lot to be desired, they are still five players that need replacing. READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signings  Furthermore, after United's worst-ever Premier League season, Erik ten Hag needs to somehow find a way of driving this underwhelming squad to new heights. Simply signing five replacements may not be enough. United's transfer window has failed to get off the ground while Manchester City have landed Julian Alvarez, Erling Haaland and imminently, Kalvin Phillips. Liverpool have signed a new marquee striker in Darwin Nunez while Arsenal and Tottenham have also moved quickly to bring new faces through door. Meanwhile, the Red Devils remain locked in negotiations with Barcelona over a deal for Frenkie de Jong, who to their credit, does seem increasingly likely to join United in the coming months. But outside of the De Jong deal, United do not have many plates spinning besides background talks for Antony and negotiations with Watford for backup goalkeeper Daniel Bachmann. While Antony is an acquisition that would undoubtedly lift the place, it's easy to see why Ronaldo may feel uninspired by United's lack of ambition. DON'T MISS MORE UNITED GOSSIPCristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signingsMan Utd board 'in talks' over surprise first signing to kickstart Erik ten Hag eraWhat Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told Frenkie de Jong to spark dramatic transfer U-turn Jurrien Timber looked certain to reunite with Ten Hag before he seemingly opted to remain with Ajax. The possibility of signing Pau Torres from Villarreal also died a death. In truth, we know the money is there to spend and that United will be working on incomings behind the scenes but the lack of tempo to their transfer business poses serious questions about the club's prospects next season. United have had months to plan ahead yet they have failed to strike any deals in the opening stages of the window and it feels like their Big Six rivals have been handed a head start ahead of the 2022/23 campaign. There is still plenty of time to turn things around but Ronaldo's irritation should prove to be the turning point for the Old Trafford hierarchy. They simply cannot afford to fall even further behind the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool - they should be striving to eat up the ground on both. DON'T MISS: Taylor's Transfers - Liverpool clause boost, Arsenal priority deals, Armando Broja view on West Ham offer A new centre-forward, two central midfielders, a centre-back plus cover and competition at full-back and out wide should be high on the agenda. Movement must now happen in the coming days. The lack of notable developments has also been soured by the news the Glazers will be withdrawing £11m in dividends - a decision that understandably has not proved popular amongst supporters. Yet if they could honestly say their club was overtime to land several marquee additions, it would certainly make the pill easier to swallow. A club with the size and stature of United sells itself to potential targets but as of now, it seems as though the board are operating with extra caution. Of course, we are anticipating movement in the coming weeks but with United set to return for pre-season shortly - the clock is ticking ahead of their tour of the Far East which commences on July 8.