Richard Riakporhe is coming for the cruiserweight world title after flattening Fabio Turchi inside two rounds with a sickening body shot that left his opponent writhing around in pain on the deck. It was undoubtedly the punch and performance of his stop-start professional career and his explosive power clearly represents a serious problem for any contender in the division.  Ranked seventh with the WBC and 12th with the IBF prior to the bout, Riakporhe was looking to showcase the vast improvements he has made under Angel Fernandez and he did not disappoint, delivering a ruthless, cutting-edge performance. At 20-1, Turchi was expected to ask serious questions of the Brit, who walked right through the 28-year-old as if it were a total mismatch. Round two had only just begun when Riakporhe seized his moment, a right uppercut landed on the gloves of Turchi before the Crystal Palace fighter unloaded a thunderous left hook that rattled his rival's rib cage. Turchi was left in a heap after having the wind knocked out of him and it soon became clear this contest was all over.  Riakporhe has had to deal with several setbacks along the way but there is no doubting his undeniable power and ability. He is now in the best condition of his career and more importantly, he is active again after making it four wins in nine months. Speaking to Sky Sports after the triumph, he said: "I feel great, I feel like I need to do some pads because I didn't really have time to get into it. "I landed a good shot, a liver shot. I think I'm good enough to build a reputation now, I'm the new Body Snatcher. Call me the Body Snatcher."  He later added: "I keep on telling everybody, I am that guy. I am that fighter. "Four fights in nine months, I'm going to get back in the gym on Monday. "Come September, we are taking over. All of these champions are running scared. "When you step in the ring with the Midnight Train, just know, it is on. I'm telling you, I'm coming for all the smoke."  Promoter Ben Shalom said on his fighter's showcase performance: "I just want to say, first of all, he was my first signing and it's so frustrating that every time he wins, people make a reason for it. "He's just stopped a guy in two rounds who never looked like he could be stopped before. "He's an incredible specimen, that was his left hand, imagine when his right hand connects. "I genuinely believe nobody wants to get in the ring with Richard Riakporhe, ask anyone that has sparred with him. "I asked recently who was the biggest puncher you've ever seen, I said Richard Riakporhe. People laughed, this guy is the biggest puncher I've ever seen. "What we have here is a superstar, we want to see him develop in the right way. I think he can fight for a world title this year, he's ready. "Richard Riakporhe will be a world champion."