President Joe Biden won the hearts of tens of millions of Americans in 2020 but has struggled to hold on to his support since taking office in 2021. The 46th President has lost much of his sheen, with his approval rating pointing almost exclusively downwards over the last two years. The latest aggregated data has revealed he has hit a new low, one not experienced at this point by a President since the 1970s. Mr Biden started his first term in office with an approval rate of 53 percent, mirroring most of his predecessors. As of June 10, 2022, it has dropped significantly to 40.2 percent, meaning the majority of Americans - 53.6 percent - disapprove. Analysis from FiveThirtyEight, which aggregates polls from across the US, found the rate is his lowest yet. The President has lost more than three points sin January, down from 43.3 percent. READ MORE: Joe Biden warns US on brink of 'mini revolution' if ruling overturned Mr Biden is one of only two Presidents to have lost support this quickly since taking office in the last 40 years. He is slightly behind Donald Trump, who settled at 41.5 percent at the same point in his presidency in 2018. The last US Commander-in-Chief to lose popularity at a similar rate was Jimmy Carter, who dropped to 44 percent approval during his second year in 1978. While Bill Clinton was hugely unpopular early on in his term - hitting 36 percent approval within his first few months - he had managed to recover to 49.6 percent by 1994. Further analysis shows that Mr Biden owes his downfall to his and the Democrats' most loyal voter base. A poll released by Quinnipiac University on Wednesday found that only 22 percent of young people aged 18 to 24 approve of his work so far. The rating is his lowest of any age group, with Hispanic voters also disaffected as only 24 percent approve of the President. Critically, Americans also disapprove of Mr Biden's economic and social policies. The same poll found that the eight percent inflation rate has left 64 percent of respondents unhappy with his handling of the economy. A further 59 percent disapprove of his handling of "gun violence" in the wake of the Uvalde school shooting, with many backing tighter controls not supported by many congressional Democrats. Mr Biden's failure to reach key demographics who have historically proven vital in helping Democrats win elections could hand Republicans the majority in November. Experts believe the GOP is heading for a "red wave" that has typically proven disastrous for incumbent Democratic presidents. The nonpartisan Cook Political Report adjusted its predictions in late May, giving the party an edge in 10 new states, with potential gains of between 20 and 30 seats in the House of Representatives. The report's David Wasserman wrote that Mr Biden's approval is "underwater" in "dozens of districts he carried in 2020". Gains like these would give Republicans the advantage and allow them to strike down the Democrat agenda as they did during Barack Obama's presidency. Without a significant correction to his leadership, Mr Biden risks suffering a similar fate and his approval rate will only plummet further, allowing the GOP to retake the White House in 2024.