Liverpool have received a boost in their pursuit of PSV Eindhoven winger Cody Gakpo following reports that the Eredivisie outfit have identified Sporting's Joelson Fernandes as his potential replacement. Gakpo is understood to be on the Reds' radar as they continue to search for Sadio Mane's successor amid intense speculation the Senegalese striker will join Bayern Munich this summer.  It was recently reported that PSV had tabled the 23-year-old a ‘special financial construction’ in a bid to convince him to remain in Eindhoven for at least one more season, however the Dutch club appear to drawing up contingency plans should they fail to persuade him to stay this summer. According to VI, the Eredivisie runners-up have added Sporting's Fernandes to their list of transfer targets in the event Gakpo departs. The 19-year-old attacker is currently halfway through a two-year loan spell with Swiss side Basel, but could well be recalled and subsequently sold, should PSV act on their interest. A move to the Eredivisie will see the Portugal Under-21 international, who failed to score across his 18 Swiss Super League appearances last season, make a significant step. In contrast, Gakpo experienced no such troubles on the goal front as his exploits saw him subsequently attract interest from numerous clubs across Europe, included both Liverpool and Arsenal. The winger struck 21 goals and registered a further 15 assists in 47 appearances across all competitions for PSV in the campaign just gone as his stock continued to soar. READ MORE: Liverpool 'prepared to sacrifice 10-goal attacker' in swap deal for Leeds star Raphinha  Liverpool are looking to add to their attack in the upcoming window amid intense speculation suggesting Mane is set to make a move to Bayern Munich this summer. The 30-year-old has made clear his desire to depart the Reds after six seasons on Merseyside in order to embark on a new challenge. With regard to Gakpo, as per Voetbal Primeur, Eindhovens Dagblad recently asserted that PSV had presented the Dutch international with an offer which includes a bonus on a transfer next summer in order to fend of interest from abroad and convince the winger to remain for another 12 months. The report stated that should Gakpo stay for one more season before sealing an eagerly-anticipated move away, he would stand to 'collect a fair part' of a future transfer fee - potentially in the region of £34m - himself. DON'T MISS Liverpool star Mohamed Salah 'wants Premier League transfer' if he fails to sign new dealLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meetingLiverpool tipped to break transfer record when Sadio Mane departure confirmed  Amid interest from across the continent, Gakpo recently admitted he will assess his options this summer, however insisted at present his priority is to play regular first-team football in order to earn a place in the Netherlands squad at this year's World Cup. Speaking to Dutch outlet De Telegraaf, he stated: "Anything can happen this summer. "I will now calmly compare all the options and see what is best for me. Staying another year is also an option. It would be a shame if I went somewhere where I wouldn't get a [game] at all and I could miss the World Cup. I'll keep that in mind."  