Tiger Woods has been praised by Rickie Fowler for making the cut at both the US Masters and US PGA Championship. Many thought Woods, 46, would never return to the sport following his high-speed car crash last February, which left him with multiple breaks and fractures in both legs. However, against all the odds, he confirmed in April he would be taking to the first tee at Augusta and, sure enough, he showed all of his legendary fighting qualities with a first round of 71, leaving him one under par. He fell away thereafter, but still completed all 72 holes. Again, he then defied doubters by entering the PGA at Southern Hills and making the cut. But having clearly struggled physically in his third round, the 15-time major champion then withdrew from the tournament ahead of the final day. But American compatriot Fowler, 33, thinks Woods deserves great credit for surviving until the weekend in Oklahoma given 'the state' he's been in during his rehabilitation. Speaking on the @fullsendpodcast, Fowler reminded viewers the iconic figure had worked hard to just to get back to the point where he could walk again. JUST IN: How much Dustin Johnson and co stand to earn at controversial first LIV Golf Series event Asked if he had any 'inside information' on why Woods withdrew, Fowler replied: Well, one, it was tough out there. It was blowing Saturday. But I'll tell you one thing, for him just to go out there and be able to get around Southern the way he did, and make the cut, that's impressive." The 33-year-old then sought to add context to what Woods had been through, saying: "With the state he's been in going through recovery, and trying to get back to where he can just walk....I mean to make the cut at Augusta and then the PGA." DON'T MISS:Jon Rahm almost hits female TV worker accidentally as he throws club in frustrationDustin Johnson's Saudi league decision raises huge fears - 'Turn golf upside down'Rory McIlroy makes 'appealing' Dustin Johnson admission as US star joins Saudi breakaway It now remains to be seen whether Woods' exploits so far this year will affect his plans to play The Open Championship in July. He has already stated his intentions to play at St Andrews, a venue where he has won twice before. Prior to that, he is due to go to Ireland having signed up to take part in the JP McManus Pro-Am in Limerick. The event will take place at Adare Manor between July 4-5