The five-day music event, returning for the first time in three years, is expected to attract around 200,000 people per day to Worthy Farm in Pilton, Somerset, from Wednesday (June 22) to Sunday (June 26). Headline acts include Billie Eilish, Kendrick Lamar, The Petshop Boys and Sir Paul McCartney, while other well-known bands such as McFly and the Sugababes will also be taking to the various stages to mark the event's 50 year anniversary. The fields that host the festival will be dotted with stages, tents, communal toilets and food stands, most of which will be outside. This means that when thunderstorms hit on Friday (June 24), some will either be scrambling to their tents for shelter, or braving the downpours with raincoats, Wellington boots and umbrellas.  This means that when thunderstorms hit on Friday (June 24), some will either be scrambling to their tents for shelter, or braving the downpours with raincoats, Wellington boots and umbrellas. Those who are going to Glastonbury for the full muddy experience, may be pleased to hear there is some rain forecast. The Met Office is predicting a sharp end to the pleasant start to the festival on Wednesday. The forecast for Somerset is somewhat uneventful for the first two days with temperatures predicted to hit 21C until at least Friday.  As the weekend approaches, the mercury will start to tumble with temperatures dropping to below 20C until Sunday, the last day the festival takes place. On Friday temperatures are set to be around 19C, with the chance of rain creeping in. But Saturday and Sunday will feel far cooler, with temperatures hovering around the 16C mark on both days. The Met Office forecast says: “It is remaining dry with plenty of warm sunshine on Wednesday and Thursday, and turning warmer. Likely cooler on Friday with showery rain possible.” READ MORE: Britain battered by hail and thunderstorms as temperatures tumble  In-depth forecasts show that on Saturday rain could fall from 7am to 1pm and again from 7pm to 10pm. On Sunday, rain is set to continue through the early hours and will persist all day, turning to heavy showers from around 1pm. This could see extremely muddy and slushy conditions in communal areas and could make leaving the venue a far more challenging task. People have been urged not to leave their tents behind by organisers as part of a campaign to respect the rural space.  DON'T MISS:Amanda Holden, 51, lets fans into bedroom moment[LATEST]'Stupid w**ker!' Kirstie Allsopp unleashes as she's mocked over NHS[TWITTER]Buckingham Palace ban George Ezra's song at Queen's Platinum Jubilee[ROYALS] NetWeather’s forecast specifically for Glastonbury has given a precise rundown of what should be expected. It says: “If you're heading to the site on Wednesday or Thursday, it's very positive news, as you're not going to need to worry about rain as you get set up. “With high pressure in charge, there'll be sunny skies and temperatures rising into the mid-twenties with just the very outside risk of an afternoon or evening shower. “Friday should be more of the same, but one or two models move a small 'surface low' up off of the continent and in towards southern England later in the day. “If it materialises, it will bring the threat of some thundery downpours with it, but as it stands, the chances of it affecting Worthy Farm are around 20%, so it's a low risk - but one which is worth keeping an eye on.” There is a particular buzz in the lead up to this year’s Glastonbury Festival 2022 due to the fact organisers were forced to cancel it for two years on the trot due to coronavirus. 