Believe it or not, it is not actually a legal offence to be naked in public, reports the Examiner Live. However, this is only the case if there is no intention to shock or upset other people - which could be difficult to prove. So, what are the rules for men who choose to go topless whilst out shopping? According to the rules, men should generally be safe to wander about topless in public, as - when the sun is raging overhead - the intention is to remain cool, not to offend. Still, some shops have their own rules about whether or not you can go in topless. In terms of the law, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) says that every case should be taken into account on individual merit and that it is not usually an offence to be naked in public, provided there is the absence of sexual content. There must also clearly be no intention to cause alarm or distress to others, NottinghamshireLive reports. The CPS says: "Naturism is used to describe the activities of persons who espouse nudity as part of their lifestyle. In the case of naturism a balance needs to be struck between the naturist's right to freedom of expression and the right of the wider public to be protected from harassment, alarm and distress. "Although every case should be considered according to its own facts and merits in accordance with the Code for Crown Prosecutors, a consistent approach to naturism should be adopted to maintain public confidence in the CPS. In the absence of any sexual context and in relation to nudity where the person has no intention to cause alarm or distress it will normally be appropriate to take no action unless members of the public were actually caused harassment, alarm or distress (as opposed to considering the likelihood of this)." So, men can feel free to wander about with no top on at least, but do not be surprised if you are turned away from a local shop, cafe or bar. Management of private premises are permitted to make up their own rules, so you may be turned away from some places - or asked to put on a shirt.  Interestingly, people seem to be rather divided about whether or not they think it is socially acceptable behaviour. As one user wrote on the Yorkshire Live Facebook page: "Is it really that difficult to put a tshirt on whilst you nip into a shop?! Never happens in other hot countries. You don’t go to Spain to see the local builders stripped off on building sites, or the locals walking around supermarkets in nothing more than flip flop and shorts." Others felt the same, saying: "It's always been a no no!" However, many didn't think it was an issue and that people should be permitted to go topless if they wanted during the hot weather: "Who is actually bothered. Get on with your own shopping and mind your business." "Jeez live and let live. Not harming anyone. I'd rather someone stripped down than passed out due to heat stroke."  