Chloe (played by Jessica Elland) has been the centre of a huge storyline on Emmerdale recently as Noah Dingle (Jack Downham) is serving time in prison for stalking her. Since he made his temporary exit from the ITV soap, she has been spending time with Sarah Sugden (Katie Hill), who has been hellbent on leaving the village as she felt her grandmother, Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) was neglecting her. It was thanks to her friend and Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter) that she ended up staying but there could have been a very different reason why Chloe wanted her to stick around. Since she came to the village with Kerry Wyatt (Laura Norton) after escaping the prison her father's henchmen were watching over her in, not much has been mentioned about Damien Harris. Viewers know he is dangerous as he was willing to kill Kerry for taking his daughter away from the house whilst he was still in jail. Rumours have been rife about his identity and many fans have pondered whether he is a former character who is going to appear at some point. One of the most recent theories has been the character is actually sharing a cell with Noah but if this is not true, he could have another plan in mind. It could be he and his daughter are working together and are keeping in contact from afar as they have set their sights on Sarah. READ MORE: NCIS’ Michael Weatherly announces new venture after Bull Last year, it was revealed Sarah's heart was actually Chloe's sister's as she agreed to donor donation before she died. When Sarah came looking for her donor's family, things were difficult at first but it seems Chloe has developed a sisterly relationship with the young Sugden woman. However, this could all be a cover for what she really wants as she has been sent on a mission to kill the woman who received her sister's heart. Chloe and her father could have staged her whole arrival in the village, making it seems as if she was scared of Damien. Unfortunately for Sarah, she could have been visiting her father in prison and organising how they were going to take her down. It could have come together as Chloe and Damien felt a huge sense of heartbreak when they realised Gemma Harris' heart was going to someone else. They would've thought she should have died with her heart still hers but they would have been overruled by their loved one's decision. For years their feelings could have been festering away, with Chloe needing to make sure Sarah had no inclination of her plans. As the show looks forward to its 50th anniversary, the secret could finally be revealed as Chloe explains why she really came to the Dales. The fact Noah stalked her and is related to Sarah could also make the decision to kill the young woman even easier as she wants to make the family pay. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Leanna flashes taut abs in tiny crop top amid exit [PICTURES]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock left emotional by Corrie star's declaration [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb addresses health 'hell' [COMMENT] Speaking about her character's father, the actress who plays Chloe, Jessica, hinted this twist could air very soon as it seems Damien's arrival is imminent. The soap star said: "There’s a lot of exciting stuff coming up so you’ll just have to stay tuned. There’s a lot of interesting stuff. "I’m really excited to get stuck into it. I’m really excited for the viewers to see it and hear what they think. "I’ve really liked the opportunity to get to know Chloe more and develop Chloe more and see how she’s settling in to the village, let’s say." Talking more about her character's father, she added in an interview with The Sun: "She is someone who knows what she wants." "And we’ve seen that she’ll go out of her way to get what she wants so I think she is like her dad in that sense," she added. So could Chloe really be set to kill Sarah as the real reason she came to the village is revealed in spectacular fashion? The actress has also teased the arrival of her character's father before in relation to the stalking plot, with Jessica saying: "Her dad had her followed and watched. "She told Noah about that and how that affected her, so there was a lot for her to take in and deal with. And process." However, she said although Noah and Damien are very similar, there is lots of potential with her character's father's inclusion in storylines. "I think it’s so amazing that a character that has been off-screen has had such an influence in a character on-screen," she told Metro.co.uk "There’s so much stuff that could happen if we were to see him, it’s very exciting," she added but when will the infamous Damien arrive? Taking to Twitter, viewers have been sharing their thoughts on Chloe and Sarah's relationship, with Ryan commenting: "Love Sarah and Chloe's friendship." "Didn't some people on here used to ship Sarah and Chloe #emmerdale," Peter posted on the social media platform. How will fans react if they realise Chloe does want to kill Sarah, ruining their relationship forever? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.