Reports claim Manchester United and Chelsea are interested in acquiring the services of highly-rated transfer negotiator Michael Edwards, who has been imperative to Liverpool's success under Jurgen Klopp. The two Premier League clubs have been powerless in their attempts to stay ahead of the Reds in recent campaigns and much of that is a testament to Edwards' incredible track record in the transfer market.  He spent a decade at Anfield, where he initially worked as an analyst before being appointed as the club's sporting director. But he decided to hand over the baton to Julian Ward at the end of the season - meaning he could now be tempted by a new challenge. According to The Mail, both United and Chelsea are keen to temp Edwards into an immediate return to action in a move that could see him join one of Liverpool's arch-rivals. Both teams are looking to strengthen their hierarchies off the field as part of their bid to catch both Manchester City and Liverpool. JUST IN: Man Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinations United's transfer business is currently being handled by football director John Murtough, who is yet to get any new signings over the line for Erik ten Hag. Meanwhile, Chelsea are set to wave goodbye to their hugely-popular director Marina Granovskaia in the coming days as Todd Boehly lines up her potential replacement. The Russian businesswoman has been central to several integral signings, whilst also helping shift a number of fringe players for respectable fees. Atletico Madrid sporting director Andrea Berta is one of the names under consideration. DON'T MISS THE LATEST TRANSFER GOSSIPMan Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinationsChelsea 'plot PSG transfer hijack' after Inter Milan receive opening swap deal offerTottenham 'prepared to make player-plus-cash offer' for Man Utd target Antony Monaco chief Paul Mitchell, formerly of Southampton and Tottenham, has also been considered by both Chelsea and Manchester United. Yet Edwards is considered a cut above the rest when it comes to securing a bargain or recouping funds through sales. He has been a pivotal figure in transforming the fortunes of the Reds, who have won almost every trophy available at club level in the past four seasons. Edwards signed Virgil van Dijk for a club-record fee, one of the biggest success stories in Liverpool's history. The transfer chief was also responsible for the acquisitions of Sadio Mane, Mohamed Salah, Alisson, Andy Robertson, Fabinho and Thiago Alcantara - amongst others. DON'T MISS: Taylor's Transfers - Liverpool clause boost, Arsenal priority deals, Armando Broja view on West Ham offer Furthermore, he also impressed during negotiations with Barcelona in January 2018, when he secured an astronomical £146m from Barcelona for Philippe Coutinho. He is also understood to have attracted interest from Dutch giants Ajax following the departure of Marc Overmars. Real Madrid, too, have also taken notice of Edwards' achievements during his time at Liverpool. However, he is understood to be hesitant to commit to a swift return to football as he left Liverpool with the view of taking a big break from the game.