Key figures within the 3rd Battalion of the Parachute Regiment are already facing an uncertain future following publication of a video in which eight members were filmed cavorting with one girl at their base in Essex. Last night one retired general said that the battalion's commanding officer should "rethink his position." Though no laws were broken the head of the British army, General Sir Patrick Sanders' decided  to ban 3 Para from an important Nato deployment over concerns  that the incidents contravened the Army “values and standards” and “could also be construed to denigrate women”. The scandal emerges as an official MoD report found that one in seven serving women complained of sexuial harassment over the last 12 months. News of the sex films was regarded as so serious that the head of the Army is understood to have demanded reports from 16 Air Assault Brigade, and Major General Andrew Harrision, Colonel Commandant of the Parachute Regiment, before he made his decision to ban the Paras from operations. It was also revealed that this is not the first time the activities of 3 Para have come to the attention of brass, with Gen Sanders pointing to other incidents while they were deployed on Exercise Swift Response in North Macedonia in May. Maj Gen Harrison - who was taken hostage in Sierra Leone while attached to the United Nations and is a close friend to Prince Charles - has now stated that anyone who thinks these activities are acceptable has no future in the Parachute Regiment. In a direct message to his commanders the general,  who appoints commanding officers to his parachute battalions, said: “Any soldier who brings the regiment's name into disrepute risks sacrificing his place in the regiment.” According to highly-placed sources, the unit’s commanding officer, Lt Col Will Hunt, has been “directed to explain events “ to Brigadier James Martin, who is in overall charge of 16 Air Assault Brigade. The battalion’s adjutant, Captain Jack Maughan and the Regimental Sergeant Major, WO1 Mick Firth, were last night facing similar uncomfortable conversations. The  eight paratroopers who took part in the sex video will also be removed from the battalion's next rotation. Based at Merville barracks in Colchester, the Paras are part of 16 Air Assault Brigade and spearhead of the UK’s new ‘on-call’ Global Response Force. Last night a source at the regiment's headquarters said: “Heads will roll over this”, adding: “There is a lot of anger about the repetitional damage this has caused to our good name. It impacts on everything, from recruiting to our image within the Army “From what we have been told, the message from the Colonel Commandant is clear: if you bring the professional reputation of the regiment into disrepute you face dismissal" It was only a few months ago that Gen Harrison, who has been tipped as a future candidate to head the British Army, wrote to his soldiers applauding their outstanding work in Afghanistan to evacuate thousands of refugees in a mission codenamed Operation Pitting. In an open letter, he told the men of 2 and 3 Para that he was immensely proud of their work in Afghanistan. “A second’s loss of concentration could lead to separation and death and any moment rifle or rocket fire could bring disaster,” he said. With the battle cry "’stacks of smoke and straight up the middle" the  culture of the Parachute Regiment prides itself on its tough image. Just last week 3 Para won the Army Boxing Championship for the 10th time, boasting on Twitter "we remain the hardest battalion in the British Army". Last night Gen Sir Richard Barrons, head of Joint Force Command until his retirement in 2016, said the battalion’s commanding officer, Lt Col Will Hunt, may now be facing an uncertain future. “Operational deployments are the jewel in the crown for any unit, and the decision not to deploy 3 Para is a terrible blow to anyone who wasn’t directly involved,“ he said. “I cannot think of another example like  this over the last 20 years and there will be lots of outstanding officers, soldiers and NCOs who are absolutely horrified and will be doing everything they can to get out of that battalion.” He said the decision not to deploy 3 Para was both a punishment and signal of an “an implicit lack of trust in its ability to deploy and do what it needs to do without a concern that more of this appalling behaviour would reappear.” He added: “The commanding officer will be utterly appalled that, despite all of his undoubted good intent and ambition, this has occurred on his watch. “But I imagine he is considering whether he should stay in the army. If you are the c/o, it may not be your fault but you are responsible.” According to the latest Armed Forces Continuous Attitude Survey, 14 per cent of all female personnel reported being subject to sexual harassment in a Service environment in the last 12 months. The annual  questionnaire is sent to a sample of almost 30,000 serving UK military personnel from the three Services, to assess levels of satisfaction with various aspects of service life. The 2022 survey, whose findings have just been released by the MoD, also found that levels of bullying within the Army, Royal Navy and Royal Air Force reported by the survey’s respondents were also worryingly high. “Over one in ten (12%) of personnel report that they have been subject to bullying, discrimination or harassment in the last 12 months,” the survey found. Crucially, 93 per cent said they would not be willing to make a formal complaint for fear that they would not be believed or that it would affect their careers. An Army spokesperson said: “There will be no impact to Army operational outputs. Another Unit will deploy to the Balkans as part of NATO’s operational rehearsal for its Strategic Response Force. “The Army expects the highest standards of behaviour from all their personnel. Anyone not maintaining these standards will be investigated and appropriate action will be taken against them. The Army is clear that all forms of unacceptable behaviour, including those of a sexual nature, have no place in an inclusive and respectful Armed Forces.”