Sajid Javid said he was considering scrapping inheritance tax when he was Chancellor in 2019. In 2007, George Osborne said only millionaires would pay inheritance tax under a Conservative government. Now Express.co.uk readers say the Government has gone back on its promises. Angry Britons have been taking to social media to complain about inheritance tax, which they thought would be abolished. It comes amid news that the average family could pay £70,000 less in IHT to HMRC according to Brewin Dolphin, with many having to fork out for court costs on top. Express.co.uk reader @Andriana said people in other countries don’t have to pay it, so why should Britons? She wrote: “I voted Conservative because we were promised that inheritance tax would be abolished as we have already been taxed all our working lives.” READ MORE: Free bus pass: Thousands of people can travel for free this summer The reader continued: “Australians and other countries don't pay for it, so why should we? “Our children and grandchildren will never be able to buy their own properties as the cost of living is so high. “The rich can pay accountants to avoid paying the tax which is so unfair because they get richer. “Pensioners are hit the most. This Government should be helping them!” DON'T MISS:Huge support for state pension increase — ‘Lagging behind!’ [UPDATE]Pensioners entitled to extra £370 a month - who is eligible? [INSIGHT]Fake bank accounts and pension schemes warning as scams soar [WARNING]Thousands of Britons are paying too much for a TV licence - are you? [ALERT]  Another reader @Petercressall wrote: “Inheritance tax is immoral, and amounts to a double tax on earnings already taxed." Meanwhile, @Sodit12 said: “I will not vote for the Conservatives until they honour the promises they made in 2009 to increase the tax free band to one million (now about 1.2 million). “The harm it does to many is dreadful.” Commonly referred to as the “death tax”, inheritance tax is paid on someone’s estate when they die. READ MORE: Benefits and freebies you can claim as a carer  The threshold which people have to pay 40 percent tax to HMRC is usually £325,000, although there are some exceptions. Although average property prices have risen, the threshold for paying IHT has stayed the same since 2009. It was widely expected to be increased in the Spring Budget of 2021, but instead the Chancellor announced it would be frozen until 2026 at least. Meanwhile, Britons are spending more than £100,000 on court cases because people are failing to make their inheritance planning wishes clear. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Ten ways to pay less inheritance tax to HMRC: