Mammoth queues built at Stansted Airport as flights were delayed by more than six hours as the UK’s summer of discontent saw thousands more holidaymakers’ plans thrown into jeopardy. The situation as Stanstead was exacerbated by huge staff shortages and a cancelled Stanstead Express service – which saw passengers choose to sleep on floors. Meanwhile at London Heathrow hundreds of suitcases piled up across Terminal 2 after a carousel malfunction over the weekend caused a congested backlog of luggage – with travellers warned it could be two days before they are able to collect their luggage. In a move to try and ease the situation beleaguered Transport Secretary Grant Shapps called for better deals for baggage handlers, suggesting more people would apply for and stay in jobs at airports if pay was increased. He said: “If you look at baggage handlers, for example, I don't think they've had the best deals and the best packages in the past. “I think we've got to make those jobs worthwhile, well-paid and comfortable jobs to do.” Yesterday there was little sign of the Stanstead situation improving with angry traveller5s taking to social media to share their experiences – as they complained of poor information, lack of hot food and drinks and unexplained waits of several hours in holding gates before being able to board planes. One social media user said: “the whole of England is in the security queue”. Another wrote: “Stansted 3am is the most no-rules place in the world. “Bodies scattered all over the floor like there's been a shootout and a random guy getting cautioned by transport police in the corner.” A spokesperson for Stansted airport said they were expecting 38,000 passengers to depart yesterday (Sun) but said the train cancellation had led to a large number of people arriving at once.  They added: “This was compounded by a higher absence level than normal which would have reduced the number of security lanes available at that peak time. “The Airport is currently operating normally and no operational issues at present.” Yesterday’s disarray comes after weeks of frustration at UK airports as the summer of discontent begins to take shape. Hours of delays, hundreds of flight cancellations and people forced to sleep on airport floors have been common across UK airports in recent weeks as staff shortages bite. Thousands of workers in the aviation industry were laid-off during the pandemic as flights around the world stopped. John Holland-Kaye, chief executive of Heathrow, has warned it will take 12 to 18 months before the industry can get its capacity back to pre-pandemic levels. Airports have been urged to cancel more flights over the summer to avoid chaotic scenes - and Gatwick is cutting daily flights in August from 900 to 825 and 850. This amounts to 4,000 flights being axed throughout the month - with airlines and other airports expected to make cancellations too. 