Declan Rice shares some of the qualities that made Steven Gerrard one of England’s best midfielders, according to Michael Owen. Rice has been linked with a big-money move away from West Ham this summer and former Liverpool striker Owen believes he has got all the attributes required to thrive at the highest level.    Rice has just finished his best-ever season for West Ham, having performed consistently in the Premier League and Europa Conference League. The 23-year-old midfielder has long been linked with a transfer away from the Hammers, with Chelsea, Manchester United and Manchester City known admirers of his talents. West Ham manager David Moyes has often tried to ward off interest in his star player by claiming he is worth over £150million. Owen is a big fan of Rice, who played the full match for England in their 1-0 defeat by Hungary on Saturday evening. "That central midfield role is one of the most disciplined,” he said on Channel 4’s coverage of the match. “I played with one of the very best in Steven Gerrard. He was actually a bit too good to sit there and be disciplined. It was a bit too exciting for him to see a chance to get forward. He was almost better than the central midfield role.  JUST IN: Gareth Southgate blames England loss on Hungary star 'exaggerating' “He does show signs of a Steven Gerrard – big, powerful, long action, a brilliant passer of the ball. He's not just a central midfielder anymore. He breaks the game up so well, and now he's opening up and adding those long runs to his game, becoming an all-round player." Rice started alongside Jude Bellingham in midfield for the Nations League match in Budapest, with Gareth Southgate opting for a 3-4-3 formation. The West Ham man tended to play with Leeds’ Kalvin Phillips last year, but Bellingham appears to have won Southgate’s trust in the position.  DON'T MISS England booed by kids for taking the knee ahead of Nations League game Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag tipped to cause Southgate major headache Liverpool set for added Sadio Mane transfer boost in Bayern deal “I think Phillips and Rice have been sitting midfielders in some of the tougher games, but I think this lad is a little bit more adventurous, he's a better passer, can probably score more goals, talk about exciting players,” Owen added. “Only 18 and he's got the physique, he's got the ability and we could be looking at a mainstay for many, many years. Not just a mainstay but one of the very best we've developed." England will hope to bounce back from defeat in Budapest when they take on Germany in a second Nations League clash on Tuesday in Munich. They then play Italy and Hungary at Wolves’ Molineux Stadium on June 11 and 14 respectively. 