Princess Anne is both thin and healthy thanks to a balanced diet and regular exercise. What is her meal plan and fitness routine? Princess Anne always looks ravishing whenever she steps out for a royal engagement. The royal eats a range of various foods to keep her energised throughout the day – and these too contribute to her slim frame. An expert has shared an old-fashioned, traditional dish the Princess enjoys eating, which also contains high levels of nutrients and protein. Charlotte Norton, Medical Director at The Slimming Clinic, previously told Express.co.uk: “We know that the Princess is also a fan of smoked herring – a great protein-rich dish. “As we grow older, we are in danger of losing muscle mass – protein helps with weight loss efforts since it keeps you fuller for longer. “Other foods that I imagine she eats regularly are salmon, whole eggs, and grass-fed beef. “I also believe that Princess Anne would be consuming a greater number of smaller meals and snacks throughout the day – not going any longer than three hours without eating.” Anne also makes sure to start her day right with a hearty breakfast, which is another way she stays fuller for longer. The Princess reportedly has a bowl of fruit, including bananas, for breakfast.  Although there is nothing unusual about bananas, Anne interestingly prefers them overripe, according to former royal chef Darren McGrady. He told TODAY: “Princess Anne almost always preferred the bananas almost black – overripe – because they digest easier.” Overripe bananas are in fact healthier than ready-to-eat yellow ones. When a banana has started to go out of date, all the starch and chlorophyll in the fruit has broken down into sugar, which means the antioxidant levels in the banana have increased. “A full brown banana is an antioxidant powerhouse,” according to research published in an article on Spoon University. But bananas are not the only fruit Anne likes. The Princess always carries a kiwi fruit with her in her bag, ready to be snacked on if she is ever hungry or needs energy. This is according to her daughter, Zara Tindall, who is thought to have said, “she always has a kiwi fruit,” when talking about her mother. This was published in bestselling royal biography Queen Of Our Times: The Life of Elizabeth II, written by Robert Hardman and released in March earlier this year. The fruit has more vitamin C in it than an orange, as well as a large dose of vitamin K. Kiwis are often described as a “super fruit” and can aid the digestion of meat and other sources of protein. They also provide many immune-boosting nutrients and are rich in antioxidants – therefore, it isn’t a surprise that Anne ensures to add the fruit to her diet.