Deputy leader of the Reclaim Party Martin Daubney clashed with climate campaigner Amy Cameron on Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel. Martin furiously hit out at the RMT for stopping “working class lads” from getting to work before hitting back at Eamonn after the host pointed out the union workers were striking over grievances concerting pay and compulsory redundancies. Eamonn said: “Martin, it’s not just about pay. It is about pay but if I was a ticket office worker and I’m looking at redundancy you just know the axe is going to fall on you and you’re going to lose your job. “So it’s people thinking, ‘What do I do if I don’t do this?’” Martin hit back: “It’s not the taxpayer’s responsibility to ensure state employees have a job for life. Those days are over.” “It’s a huge responsibility, is it not?” Eamonn questioned. Read more: 'I'm not talking twaddle' Richard Madeley hits back at RMT boss “The fact of the matter is there has to be a reasonable conversation about cost cutting,” Martin quipped. “This is about getting rid of ticket officers which lets face it are needed to be cut back on. “We need to cut back on the amount of public money going into this otherwise, we just endlessly lose money. “They were meant to be privatised that was the point it didn’t happen, did it?” “State money is still pouring in and preventing ordinary people going to work I think will [gain] no sympathy with a huge majority of the public to the rail union.” Isabel interjected: “And that’s the front page of The Telegraph that you were talking about, this comment from the Prime Minister that the unions are harming those it’s meant to be helping. “Amy, I wonder if you think the Prime Minister is right in trying to find a sensible compromise in all of this? “As you rightly pointed out were are in a situation of rising inflation, wage stagnation with is the root of this argument. DON'T MISSRuth Langsford’s friends rally around her as she shares grief for dad [INSIGHT]Ruth Langsford gives update on Eamonn Holmes after hospital dash [VIDEO]Eamonn Holmes in candid admission over family concerns [INTERVIEW] “But we’re potentially heading for a recession, everybody is struggling at the moment perhaps a seven percent increase isn’t reasonable at this time?” Amy replied: “But as we’ve touched on this isn’t just about wages, absolutely wages are apart of this but it’s also about job cuts. “This is about people losing their job at an incredibly difficult time.” GB News viewers were left divided over Martin and Amy’s opposing views. @JuneReece3 tweeted: “@GBNEWS Divide and conquer. Railway works jobs at risk today, this will be bank workers, shop workers, accountants etc as automation and digitalisation takes over. People matter, we seem to have forgotten that.” @Maschalagnia65 remarked: “This nothing like a throwback to the 70's when a show of hands, secondary picketing and many other practices were still legal. Stop making a crisis out of a drama. P.s. It was ok for MP's to get a payrise of £2k+ in March of this year taking most earn over £85k.” (sic) However, @MyNamesGuy wrote: “I agree with Martin, many of us in the private sector are grateful that we get to keep out jobs and out pay rise is never in line with actual inflation.” @aislemaster84 added: “I wish I could get a 7% pay increase.” Breakfast with Eamonn & Isabel airs on GB News at 6am.