  Claire Foy, 38, was allegedly targeted by a stalker named Jason Penrose, 39, in November and December of last year. The Crown star was subjected to rape threats, which appeared among the many emails Penrose sent her, a court heard today.      Penrose appeared outside Foy’s home and sent her more than 1,000 emails over the course of a month, the court was told. He allegedly also arrived at the star’s house and threatened to rape her in said emails. A hearing to decide about a stalking protection order (SPO) was adjourned after Penrose arrived unrepresented at Highbury Corner Magistrates' Court. Penrose was accompanied by NHS workers in court and gave his address as Highgate Mental Health Centre. READ MORE: Kate Garraway admits 'change' in marriage to Derek     The court was told how Penrose had sent Foy’s publicist Emma Jackson emails about the actress being raped and about her being his girlfriend. The emails were then forwarded on to Foy’s agent, who had received them but blocked the sender’s account. Foy first called the police on December 17 last year when Penrose turned up at her home, ringing her doorbell “constantly”, the court heard. The actress, who played Queen Elizabeth in hit Netflix show The Crown, was granted a temporary Stalking Protection Order in February.      The order bans Penrose from contacting Foy or her publicist, as well as attending their homes or places of work. Court documents obtained by The Mirror read: “On Friday 17 December 2021 Clare Foy called the police to say that Jason Penrose was outside her residence ringing on her doorbell constantly. “Emma Jackson received an email from him at 9.30pm on 2 November 2021. “It stated ‘I’m sorry I think Claire should not be talking about any personal stuff in media and only creative business because it’s a very…’ READ MORE... Novak Djokovic's sad confession about marriage to wife Jelena [LATEST] Victoria Beckham slams David over 'disciplined' diet comments [LATEST] Amanda Owen confirms sudden split from grumpy husband Clive [NEWS]     “After this the emails came more frequently,” the document continued, going on to discuss the contents of the emails in more detail. “Ms Jackson forwarded these to Foy’s agent who made her aware that they were also receiving emails from this account but had blocked it. “The emails Ms Jackson continued to receive were quite graphic and talked about Ms Foy being raped, wh*ring herself out and wanting her to be his girlfriend. “You pose a risk associated with stalking and to another person and there is a reasonable cause to believe the proposed order is necessary to protect another from such a risk.”      Rosa Bennathan, on behalf of the Metropolitan Police, told the court Penrose had sent Foy emails posing as a film director and producer who wanted her to appear in his next film. "There have clearly been acts that amount to stalking, posing a significant risk to Ms Foy," Bennathan said. Moira McFarlane, who later arrived to represent Penrose, opted for adjournment and told the court her client's "mental health is still under question". The hearing was rescheduled to 22 July.   