Freddie Flintoff, Paddy McGuinness and Chris Harris set out to get their HGV licences in the third instalment of the current series of Top Gear. The presenting trio qualify as lorry drivers before embarking on a road trip across Britain. However, Freddie revealed he felt a real sense of “responsibility” during the challenge as he explained the differences between HGV driving and the race cars he’s come accustomed to on the BBC show. The UK’s lorry drivers shortage inspires the challenge in the coming episode of Top Gear. Freddie, Paddy and Chris study for their licences before becoming fully-fledged HGV drivers. In true Top Gear style the presenters set off on a road trip but speaking to Express.co.uk, Freddie admitted the challenge was a lot different to what he was used to on the show. The host compared HGV driving with the more common fast-paced race track driving synonymous with Top Gear. Read more: Top Gear's Freddie Flintoff 'landed on his head' filming stunt “I felt worse on the road than on the track I’m not saying I was good on the track but you're so wise on the roads it’s bizarre because it's so big,” he shared. The Top Gear host revealed he was apprehensive to take on the challenge at first. Freddie continued: “You feel you got a responsibility for everyone else on the road because they can do so much damage.” “That was hard,” the former England cricketer admitted. Meanwhile, Freddie opened up on his most recent hair-raising stunt as he tackled a Norwegian luge track in a converted Sinclair C5. In tribute to inventor Clive Sinclair who died last year, Top Gear turned a Sinclair C5 electric car into a bobsleigh. However, Top Gear viewers watched last week as the stunt didn’t quite go as expected. Freddie explained: “Landing on my head on the bobsleigh was probably the hairiest [moment] I’ve had on the series. DON'T MISSTop Gear's Chris Harris opens up on emotional moment during filming [INTERVIEW]Top Gear's Chris Harris on ‘utterly ridiculous’ Florida challenge [INSIGHT]Chris Harris speaks out on making changes to Top Gear [INTERVIEW] “I was practising in a monobob and I’d not been down it many times and it was coming to the last corner.” “My foot slipped off the thing," the Top Gear host recalled. "And then rather than keep my eyes on where I was going on I thought, ‘What’s that?’ “And the next minute my hand was on the ice and I had to push up and right myself.”   Chris who witnessed the incident first hand mocked his co-star for “talking” during the dangerous stunt. “By the way as his head is on the ice, you'd expect him to be screaming or be quiet – he’s talking,” Chris remarked. “‘I’m not sure I should be doing this’ [he said] 60 miles an hour with his head on the ice.” Top Gear continues on BBC One on Sunday at 8pm.