All Creatures Great and Small continues to be a Channel 5 hit with season three coming later in 2022. The family-friendly TV series follows James Herriot (played by Nicholas Ralph) as he settles down in the Yorkshire Dales. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the real 'Skeldale House' and whether you can stay there. Skeldale is the main setting for the series and the veterinary clinic is run by Siegfried Farnon (Samuel West). He has housekeeper Mrs Hall (Anna Madeley) to thank for the upkeep of the practice. The real Skeldale House in Thirsk now acts as a museum called The World of James Herriot. But the series is actually filmed at a privately-owned building in Grassington. This means fans cannot stay at the location, but an opportunity has arisen for one lucky viewer. READ MORE: GMB viewers demand Richard Madeley be removed over Rwanda question A two-bed flat in the Grassington has been made available to rent. The flat which costs £575 per calendar month is being marketed by Belvoir! According to the listing, the description says: "Split between two floors the flat offers neutral decor throughout, two double bedrooms, modern bathroom with shower over bath, separate utility room, new neutral carpets throughout and superb central location." In terms of location, it says: "Grassington is a quiet picturesque Dales village and offers a good range of local amenities incorporating a variety of shops, public houses, village hall, primary school and secondary school in adjacent Threshfield with further secondary schools available in Skipton." The building is not the same as the one that was featured in the original BBC series. Cringley House in Askrigg, near Leyburn, was used as the location for the Skeldale House during filming in the 1970s and 80s. As for the real Skeldale House, the building is open for fans to visit and find out more about the real working life of Herriot. The World of James Herriot website says: "Walk through his fully-restored 1940s home and surgery in Thirsk; travel back in time to what life was like when James was practising. "See the car he drove, step into the TV set, try your hand at being a vet, plus so much more including interactive games for Herriot fans of all ages. DON'T MISS... All Creatures Great and Small season 3: Will Tristan Farnon go to war? [DISCUSSION] All Creatures Great and Small's Rachel Shenton refused to watch origin [INSIGHT] All Creatures Great and Small's Rachel Shenton was 'scared' of co-star [INTERVIEW] "A visit to the World of James Herriot is something you will never forget." Herriot's 1940s home and surgery are available to view as well as the fully kitted-out dining room and practice office. Fans can also see the original dispensary containing all sorts of lotions and potions. Visitors can head to the interactive gallery where they will find more fascinating facts. There is also a dedicated Memorabilia Room filled with items Herriot used during his writing career. Renowned Yorkshire Vet Alf Wight used the pen name James Herriot to write his collection of books. For those interested in the TV adaptation, there is a chance to see the TV studios where the original BBC series was filmed. The Austin Seven Car from the original show is also on display.  All Creatures Great and Small will return to Channel 5 with season 3 later this year.