The UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA), working with the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA), has found polio in sewage samples collected from the London Beckton Sewage Treatment Works, which serves around four million people in north and east London. The infection, which is not usually found in the UK, can prove life-threatening so it's vital the warning signs are heeded. People are also being urged to ensure their polio vaccines are up to date after an outbreak of the virus was detected in UK sewage samples. According to the NHS, most people who get polio do not have symptoms. Some people get mild, flu-like symptoms, such as: "These symptoms usually last up to 10 days," adds the health body. READ MORE: Polio symptoms: The 'flu-like' side effects that could be a sign of polio infection The NHS continues: "Rarely, polio can cause difficulty using your muscles (paralysis), usually in the legs. This can happen over hours or days. "It's not usually permanent and movement will slowly come back over the next few weeks or months." Ask for an urgent GP appointment or get help from NHS 111 if you have travelled to a country where polio is found and have polio symptoms. Experts have raised the alarm after several genetically-linked viruses were found in samples between February and May. DON'T MISSHair loss: Three 'hair-care' habits shown to cause hair loss [ADVICE]Prince William: 'It's just a blur' Royal on dwindling eyesight [INSIGHT] Dementia: Vitamin deficiency that may cause decline [TIPS] VDPV is a strain of the weakened poliovirus, that was initially included in the oral polio vaccine, which has changed over time and behaves more like the "wild" or naturally-occurring virus. This means it can be spread more easily to people who are unvaccinated and who come into contact with the faeces or coughs and sneezes of an infected person. The UKHSA is working on the theory that a person vaccinated abroad with the polio vaccine - possibly in Afghanistan, Pakistan or Nigeria - entered the UK early in 2022 and was shedding the virus. That person has has now passed it onto other, closely linked individuals in north-east London, who in turn are shedding the virus into their faeces. Experts are looking at the possibility that just one family or extended family may be affected, though it is unclear how many people need to be infected for polio to be detected in sewage samples. The UKHSA stressed that the virus has only been detected in sewage samples and no cases of paralysis have been reported. It is now investigating the extent of community transmission and has established a "national incident" to check for cases elsewhere as a precaution. The polio vaccine is given on the NHS when a child is eight, 12 and 16 weeks old as part of the six-in-one vaccine. It is given again at three years and four months old as part of the four-in-one (DTaP/IPV) pre-school booster, and at 14 as part of the three-in-one (Td/IPV) teenage booster. All of these vaccines need to have been given for a person to be fully vaccinated, though babies who have had two or three doses will have substantial protection. Latest figures show that by the age of two in the UK, almost 95% of children have had the correct number of doses. However, this drops to just under 90 percent in London. When it comes to the pre-school booster, just 71 percent of children in London have had it by the age of five. Doctor Vanessa Saliba, consultant epidemiologist at UKHSA, said: "Vaccine-derived poliovirus is rare and the risk to the public overall is extremely low. "Vaccine-derived poliovirus has the potential to spread, particularly in communities where vaccine uptake is lower. "On rare occasions it can cause paralysis in people who are not fully vaccinated so if you or your child are not up to date with your polio vaccinations it's important you contact your GP to catch up or, if unsure, check your red book. "Most of the UK population will be protected from vaccination in childhood, but in some communities with low vaccine coverage, individuals may remain at risk. "We are urgently investigating to better understand the extent of this transmission and the NHS has been asked to swiftly report any suspected cases to the UKHSA, though no cases have been reported or confirmed so far."