The monarch looked elegant in a jade Stuart Pravin crepe coat as she lit the Platinum Jubilee beacon at Windsor Castle. The Duke of Cambridge attended the beacon lighting at Buckingham Castle where Gregory Porter performed. She wore her signature pearl necklace and earrings as well as white gloves to celebrate the Beacon lighting. Her jade green crepe coat was by Stuart Pravin and she also wore a silk dress featuring shades of jade. She wore a special Platinum Jubilee brooch created by the Goldsmiths' Company. The brooch was inspired by the four nations and features four diamond swirls and the national flowers. The Queen carried a black handbag as she touched the Commonwealth Nations Globe to light the Principal Beacon. READ MORE: Carrie Johnson stuns in bright pink for Platinum Jubilee Flaming beacons were lit around the Commonwealth to mark the historic occasion. The stunning principal beacon was lit up at Buckingham Palace as the Duke of Cambridge watched. The principal beacon at Buckingham Palace was the Tree of Trees to represent the million trees planted in the Jubilee year. The Queen had changed outfit since she appeared on the balcony where she wore light blue with diamante trim. She wore a knee length blue dress coat designed by Angela Kelly, embellished with diamante for the balcony. The gem detail continued down the front of the coat and she wore an elegant hat with a matching trim. She also wore a pair of white gloves and a diamond brooch to watch the planes with her family. The Queen was joined by members of her family on the balcony, including the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and their family. Meghan, Duchess of Sussex was also spotted wearing a navy outfit with a matching hat to watch from the window. Sophie Wessex and Lady Louise both wore pretty pink outfits for the Trooping the Colour ceremony at Buckingham Palace. Zara Tindall wore a raspberry red outfit while Princess Beatrice wore a huge headband to watch the celebrations. This evening, beacons were lit around the world to celebrate The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Beacons were lit all over the UK as well including in Edinburgh, at the Neasden Hindu Temple in London and in Glastonbury. Buckingham Palace has confirmed the Queen will no longer attend the National Service of Thanksgiving tomorrow after experiencing “discomfort” today. Other members of the Royal Family will attend the service tomorrow as the Jubilee celebrations continue. Events will take place over the whole weekend as the UK marks the historic occasion.