Yuki Tsunoda has warned Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes they will not get any special treatment when they are battling in the midfield. Despite Mercedes' slight uptick in pace over the past couple of races, Hamilton has still found himself in the midfield. An accident at the start of the Spanish Grand Prix dropped him to the back of the field, though he ended P5, while he was also stuck in traffic in Monaco and only finished eighth. It means Hamilton has spent at least four races this season battling teams lower down the field instead of at the front. However, 22-year-old Tsunoda has warned the seven-time champion is just ‘one of the other drivers I have to beat’. The Japanese AlphaTauri driver said the Mercedes stars were just a ‘similar enemy’ to any other midfield team but stressed he had enjoyed the challenge of battling the multiple F1 world champion. Speaking to Express Sport, he said: “I think for me it's a good opportunity to drive with them, it's also exciting. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes facing 'big decisions' to solve problems “For me, even fighting with me or the midfield, it's a similar enemy as other drivers. For me, it's the same. Even if it's Lewis Hamilton in front of me or behind me it's the same, one of the other drivers I have to beat. “They are starting to come back towards the top of the field. It’s a shame I couldn't race [with them] much recently.” It comes just weeks after Aston Martin boss Mike Krack also stressed Mercedes would not get any preferential treatment on the grid. Speaking to Express Sport in Imola, Krack said Mercedes being part of the midfield battle ‘doesn’t really matter’. He said Aston Martin’s only goal was to finish ahead and were not daunted about battling the eight-time constructors' champions. DON'T MISSHamilton responds to FIA president after criticism over activism [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton once 'struggled' with Azerbaijan GP [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton to be granted wish from F1 bosses next year [ANALYSIS] He explained: “We respect all our competitors, be it Mercedes or anyone else. The level of all the teams is very high and it doesn't really matter if you fight Mercedes or you fight someone else. It's a competitor and you have to fight hard. If it is Mercedes, Ferrari, Red Bull or any other team it doesn't really matter to us, we want to finish in front of them.” Hamilton lies sixth in the drivers’ standings, just two points ahead of a midfield pack where three cars are separated by 10 points. The seven-time champion is 33 points behind nearest rival Carlos Sainz, 34 behind Russell and 75 behind championship leader Max Verstappen.