With summer weather already here, thousands of motorists will be planning road trips and weekend getaways. And, one of the best ways to stay relaxed in the car while travelling is by listening to some of the best driving songs. However, enjoying great music when behind the wheel can be dangerous, according to experts at Select Car Leasing. The motoring experts analysed 600 Spotify playlists that mention words such as car, commute, driving, motorway, road, and road trip. This came up to nearly 40,000 songs. The experts then used a study on the effects of music on driver temperament to come up with the conclusions. READ MORE: Drivers told to use secret button to reduce fuel consumption They found that songs that result in the driver having more than 120bpm could affect safety and lead to an accident. Select Car Leasing also revealed that 10 of the 20 most popular driving songs are in fact dangerous enough to affect a motorist’s driving. Harry Styles’ latest hit ‘As It Was’ was deemed the most impactful of all. The top 10 list is as follows: DON'T MISS Anxiety over driving ranges of EVs is a ‘fading memory’ [REVEAL] Drivers to ditch diesel cars amid the rising fuel prices [INSIGHT] EV drivers urged to use charging points properly to avoid fines [WARNING] 1 - As It Was - Harry Styles - 174bpm 2 - Blinding Lights - The Weekend - 171bpm 3 - Stay - The Kid LAROI - 170bpm 4 - good 4 u - Olivia Rodrigo - 169bpm READ MORE: Volkswagen to overtake Tesla for electric vehicle sales crown 5 - Mr Brightside - The Killers - 148bpm 6 - driver license - Olivia Rodrigo - 144bpm 7 - Pompeii - Bastille - 127bpm 8 - Bad Habits - Ed Sheeran - 126bpm 9 - Dreams - Fleetwood Mac - 120bmp 10 - Dynamite - Tiao Cruz - 120bpm When it comes to the most popular driving song, that prize was snatched by Mr Brightside by The Killers. While it’s not the most impactful, according to the experts, it is certainly one of the all-time favourites. Mr Brightside appeared 57 times across the 600 playlists. Although it’s without any clear links to driving, the tune’s popularity can’t be contested, with over 475 million views on YouTube. More surprising is Olivia Rodrigo’s good 4 u in second position. Despite being released only a year ago in May 2021 – nearly 18 years after Mr Brightside – the song appeared only five times less in the research. It also has over 370 million views on YouTube, three-quarters of the way to The Killers' record in a fraction of the time.