President Biden has led a national recovery from Donald Trump since 2022, presenting himself as the pallet cleansing candidate able to reunify the US. But his first two years in office have proven turbulent, overshadowed by a troubled withdrawal from Afghanistan and now rising inflation. Those factors have left him trailing his predecessor as he eyes a return to the fold. The latest polls from aggregators FiveThirtyEight put the President's approval rating at 40.5 percent. The majority of Americans - 53.5 percent - disapprove of the incumbent premier. While popularity typically dips in the first two years of incumbency, Donald Trump is Mr Biden's only predecessor to tumble this low. He is polling lower than the one-term Republican, leaving him vulnerable in a vital election year. READ MORE: Biden suffers blow as 11,000 migrants head to the US-Mexico border  FiveThirtyEight's figures from Mr Trump's sole term at the same point show he was more popular than Mr Biden. In June 2018, he held an approval rate of 41.6 percent, 1.1 percent higher than President Biden's. The President has likely lost more support recently due to a rise in inflation and low employment rates, now 8.4 percent lower since January 2020. The Biden administration's trouble leaves it open to Mr Trump as it eyes breaking some of his China tariffs. On June 6, NBC News cited advisors saying the former President was considering returning to politics. They said he was “bored" at his expansive Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida and "anxious" to "get back in the political arena". While he has helped endorse Republican candidates since he lost office in 2020, his return would be "as a candidate, not a kingmaker”, the advisors added. The advisors said Mr Trump was “divided over whether he should launch a third bid for the presidency as early as this summer”. Like Mr Biden, Mr Trump faces an uphill battle should he decide to represent the Republican Party again. Recent polls show he is trailing behind rising star Florida Governor Ron DeSantis. Mr DeSantis recently beat Mr Trump in a conservative straw poll taken at the Western Conservative Summit last weekend. He won 71 percent of the vote to Mr Trump's 67 percent, suggesting he has brisk competition ahead of 2024.