Amber Heard has repeated claims that her ex-husband Johnny Depp "hit" her after losing the defamation trial the Pirates of the Caribbean actor brought against his ex-wife. Earlier this month, the Virginia jury ruled that the Aquaman actress, 36, defamed the Pirates of the Caribbean star, 59, following her 2018 Op-Ed for the Washington Post where she claimed to be a victim of domestic violence. But despite losing the trial, Heard once again has repeated accusations that her ex-husband was physically abusive during their marriage in a landmark TV interview. The actress branded Depp a "liar" and repeated claims that he was abusive to her during their 15 month marriage while addressing the verdict of the defamation trial. Heard made the claims on a televised interview with Savannah Guthrie on the Today show which was recorded last Thursday after the actress flew into New York on a private jet. The TV presenter questioned the Aquaman star over her ex-husband's insistence that he was never physically abusive. READ MORE: Dean Martin made a multimillion fortune over his decades-long career Guthrie said; "He said he never hit you. Is that a lie?" Heard replied: "Yes it is. "To my dying day, I will stand by every word of my testimony." Heard also addressed the jury's verdict, claiming that it was influenced by "unfair social media representation" as well as having "randos" testifying on behalf of her ex. She continued: "I'll put it this way, how could they make a judgment, how could they not come to that conclusion [that I couldn't be believed]?" "They had said in those seats and heard over three weeks of nonstop, relentless testimony from paid employees and towards the end of the trial, randos, as I say. "I don't blame them, I don't blame them, I actually understand, he's a beloved character and people feel that they know him," she added. Speaking about her ex-spouse, Heard went on: "He's a fantastic actor. DON'T MISS... Nicola Adams' girlfriend Ella Baig shows off growing baby bump [INSIGHT]Victoria Beckham gushes over Harper, 10, as she wears £1,600 ball gown [ANALYSIS]Penelope Cruz, 48, looks radiant in figure-hugging, hot pink gown [UPDATE] "Again, how could they after listening to three and a half weeks of testimony about how I was an incredible person and not to believe a word that came out of my mouth." Earlier this month, the jury found that Heard defamed her ex-husband after claiming that he secually assaulted her. As a result, Heard was ordered to pay Depp $10 million in compensatory damages and $5 million in punitive damages. However, the amount was reduced to $350,00 by the judge, as punitive damages are capped by state laws. Heard was also awarded $2 million in compensatory damages. As a result, the actress owes her ex-husband $8.35 million. Addressing the verdict, she told her followers: "The disappointment I feel today is beyond words. I’m heartbroken that the mountain of evidence still was not enough to stand up to the disproportionate power, influence, and sway of my ex-husband. “I’m even more disappointed with what this verdict means for other women. It is a setback. It sets back the clock to a time when a woman who spoke up and spoke out could be publicly shamed and humiliated. “It sets back the idea that violence against women is to be taken seriously," she ended the post. The full interview will air on NBC's Dateline on Friday night at 8pm.