Food recalls are issued when a product is unsafe to eat and has the potential to cause harm to certain individuals. When supermarkets, companies, or brands recall a food item, it is then withdrawn from shelves and customers are warned not to consume it. Lidl is the latest supermarket to recall a meat product because of undeclared wheat. This means the item could be a health risk to those who are gluten intolerant. The product is on sale only in Northern Irish branches of Lidl. Lidl NI is recalling Glensallagh Glazed and Grilled American Style Cajun Shaved Ham because it contains wheat (gluten) which is not mentioned on the label, according to the Food Standards Agency (FSA). READ MORE: Sussexes face US backlash as 'Californians have no idea who they are' The FSA often publishes food recalls on its website, including all the necessary information with its statement. The shaved ham comes in a pack 130g in size and has batch codes of 5234L3, 5293HS, and 5348A6. The product’s use by dates are June 3, 2022, June 15, 2022, June 17, 2022, and June 22, 2022. The only allergen not declared on the label is gluten (wheat).  In its risk statement, the FSA said: “This product contains wheat (gluten) making it a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to wheat or gluten.” It went on to explain what the company will be doing next, saying: “Lidl NI is recalling the above product from customers and has been advised to contact the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall. “The company has also issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers. “These notices explain to customers why the product is being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the product.” In its notice, Lidl NI said: “Our supplier O’Brien Fine Foods is recalling all batches and use by dates of ‘Glensallagh Glazed & Grilled American Style Cajun Shaved Ham’ due to the presence of gluten which is not declared on the product label. “If you have bought the above product and have an allergy or intolerance to gluten, we advise you not to consume it, instead please return the product to a Lidl store for a full refund, with or without a receipt. “Lidl wishes to apologise for any inconvenience caused. “Any customers with queries or concerns can contact our Customer Services Team on the numbers below.” The Republic of Ireland customer service number is 01 920 3010, while the Northern Ireland number is 0289 568 4888. The FSA also offered its advice to shoppers, stating: “If you have bought the above product and have an allergy or intolerance to wheat or gluten, do not eat it. “Instead return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund.”