The National Grid is looking to offer discounts on the time energy is used this winter as experts have predicted the energy price cap could rise by a further £1,000 in October, which would see annual bills hitting nearly £3,000. BBC's Jon Kay asked the Environment Secretary: "You also mentioned energy bills and energy prices, the knock-on effect in the UK. "Interested in this piece in The Times today reporting that the National Grid is thinking about offering families a bit of a discount on their energy bills if they use power at night or off-peak. "Use their oven or their tumble dryer off-peak. Is that something that is seriously being considered to avoid blackouts in the winter?" Mr Eustice replied: "I don't think that's new actually. We've always had different tariffs. "Throughout the history of the National Grid we've had tariffs to incentivise people to use the off-peak period." READ MORE: Boris unveils energy masterplan to slash bills for millions Mr Kay interjected: "I think what this is suggested is not just a different tariff but people getting money back/paid to use their energy at different times." The minister continued: "It may well be something they look at to balance the need. There's a challenge here that the more renewable energy we have, which is obviously a good thing, it does mean the energy is there if the wind is there. "Sometimes it's not there and you do need gas to supplement that." It comes as demand for advice on energy has increased 61 percent since last year, Citizens Advice Scotland (CAS) has said. The organisation's data report for May shows its network has seen a continuous rise in the number of people seeking guidance as households face another increase in energy prices. CAS also reported a 21 percent increase in requests for advice on finance and charitable support - of which a significant proportion will be food bank referrals - and 47 percent growth in demand for online advice regarding work when compared to May 2021. Stephanie Millar, social justice spokeswoman at CAS, said it is unlikely the need for advice will slow down in the near-future, warning a "lasting impact" will result from the cost-of-living crisis. DON'T MISS Boris and Biden clash over PM's cost of living plan to cut green fuels [INSIGHT]Find out if you are eligible for £150 council tax rebate [ANALYSIS]Cost-of-living crisis: Rush to cash in on homes before ‘crash’ [VIDEO] Ms Millar said: "Across the Citizens Advice network we are now seeing a pattern of big increases in demand for advice around energy compared to last year. "With estimates this week suggesting another huge rise in the price cap in October, it seems unlikely that demand will slow down any time soon. "The package of support announced in May will offer some respite, but we should be clear that this autumn, potentially thousands of people could be forced to choose between heating their home and feeding their family. "There is also the lasting impact of this crisis to consider - the cost-of-living crisis could leave a legacy of debt and poverty for millions across the UK. "What's really important is that people seek advice to deal with soaring bills." READ NEXT: Million homeowners will face mortgage rate rise misery, lenders warnEnergy crisis lifeline: 'District' heat pumps can power communitiesStruggling with debts? Expert explains how you can manage itInflation rises to 40-year of 9.1% - how to boost your savingsLog burner ban calls as 'harmful' impacts pinpointed