34-year-old Claire Newman wept yesterday at Liverpool Crown Court as a judge jailed her for attacking two security guards on March 9, and a separate pair of thefts, in which she stole designer handbags from the Selfridges in Manchester - and assaulted a security guard there as well. Newman slashed security guard David Bailey with a Stanley knife, in a Next shop in the New Mersey Shopping Park store, leaving him needing 20 stitches in his arm. Mr Bailey’s colleague Ian Grogan was also injured by Newman after she injured his hand with the blade, Liverpool Echo reports. Jonathan Duffy, prosecuting, said Mr Bailey and Mr Grogan spotted Newman stealing baby clothes in the Speke shop and managed to stop her from getting away. The pair were not planning to call the police and wanted to take a picture of Newman so that she could be banned from the shop. However, after initially following them, Newman became aggressive and agitated. Mr Duffy said: "She shouted that she would stab David Bailey and it transpired that she had a Stanley knife on her person and she stabbed Mr Bailey, causing him a nasty injury on his forearm.” Newman also caused a scratch on Mr Bailey’s jaw and bit his other arm. In the scuffle, she also caught Mr Grogan with the knife." Newman later admitted wounding Mr Bailey with intent and wounding Mr Grogan without intent. She also pleaded guilty to theft and possession of a bladed article. Mr Bailey required 20 stitches to his arm and Mr Grogan required eight stitches in his hand. Both men said the incident had made them and their colleagues more nervous about doing their jobs. Newman was also sentenced today for crimes committed in Manchester six weeks before the attacks at Next. She stole designer handbags from Selfridges in Manchester on February 1 and February 7 this year. Caught by staff the second time, she then assaulted a security guard trying to escort her from the premises. Kate Morley, defending, said Newman was addicted to Class A drugs and had begun to steal to try to address debts. Ms Morley said Newman, a mum of three, had only one conviction as a 16-year-old and had then gone through 18 years of her life without offending. She went through a miscarriage in 2016 and her partner took his own life in the aftermath. She then became addicted to drugs and, while she was able to address her addiction, the death of her father a few years later caused her to relapse and try heroin for the first time.  Faced with footage of what she had done to Mr Bailey and Mr Grogan, Ms Morley said: “She is sickened, disgusted and deeply distressed by the person on that screen. She does not recognise herself.” She added: “Her reason for carrying that blade was for removing clothing tags. It was not intended to be used as a weapon - but of course, when one carries weapons it is a choice and they could be used that way. The judge, Denis Watson, QC, said that, while Newman may have not taken the blade out with the intention to injure someone with it, it was clear by the time she slashed Mr Bailey she knew how she was using it. Sentencing her, he said: “Although I am told the reason for you carrying the blade was to remove security tags, it was there. You threatened to stab Mr Bailey with the Stanley knife and then you carried that threat out.” He continued: “I cannot accept the submission that you lashed out wildly, you lashed out purposefully.” Newman, of HMP Styal, was jailed for six years and five months. 