With 99 percent of UK households buying bread regularly, it’s fair to say it’s one of the nation's favourite foods. Bread, however, has a short shelf life, lasting just three to seven days at room temperature before it starts to go mouldy. Proper sealing and storage, as well as using a fridge when needed can help prevent mould and increase a loaf of bread’s shelf life. Frakking Creations on YouTube shared a hand storage hack that can see your bread stay fresh and “tasting great” for up to three weeks - and it doesn’t involve freezing it. The video began with: “Don’t you hate when your bread moulds too fast and you have to waste it by throwing it out? “That used to happen to us too until we found a better way to keep it fresher, and mould-free for longer.” To avoid this from happening, “there are only two things to do” - cut holes in the bag and keep the bread in the fridge. This hack can also work for bread from bakeries - fresh bread don’t have as many preservatives as store-bought bread. READ MORE: Food hacks: Correct way to make toast - 'golden-brown and crispy' Before putting your loaf of bread in the fridge, you want to cut some holes in the bag so that the moisture doesn’t remain inside, condensate, and cause mould to grow faster. Using a pair of scissors, make small cuts around the top of the bag where it ruches before it’s sealed. Add a few holes to the back and underneath of the loaf too. It’s best to add fewer holes now, then adjust based on how cold your fridge is. DON'T MISS...Effective way to remove toilet limescale with ‘no scrubbing required’ [EXPERT]Queen’s go-to takeaway she enjoys when in Balmoral [INSIDER]‘Effective’ way to ‘improve sagging skin and cellulite’ - no surgery [BEAUTY] The expert explained: “When you make small cuts into the bag, the bread will slowly dry out, so you can adjust how many holes you cut to prevent the bread from drying out too much, not enough to mould and by doing this, the bread lasts longer than what you would normally expect.” The results of the hack were then shown: “So we just took this bread out of the fridge, we put the holes throughout the bag. “And what you want to do when you first do this, is after a few hours, or overnight, take a look to see if there is condensation building up inside. “In this case, you can see a little bit - it’s not too bad. “If you see more condensation than this or bigger drops of water, adjust how many holes are in the bag.” As for how long the bread can last: “So today is June 1, as you can see, this is the bread that we have been keeping in the fridge. “Best before date is May 24, and we’ve been able to keep it fresh, and without mould for longer than that time, simply by keeping it in the fridge and by doing this hack. “Nine days longer and still tastes great.” The hack works because of the cold temperature of the fridge, and the reduction of moisture slowing the chance of mould growing, but you need to find the right balance of aeration. It is not known what date the loaf of bread was purchased. Store-bought bread is usually stocked and available to buy five to seven days before its use by date. Therefore, this loaf of bread could’ve lasted up to three weeks without any mould appearing.