Blind Date's "Our Graham" died on December 27, 2021 at the age of 90, but his death has only just been confirmed. He had vascular dementia for the last decade of his life and spent his final years living in Kent. The voice actor was a staple of the show through the 1980s and 1990s. He received the nickname “Our Graham” and went on to do the voice over for Vic and Bob’s Shooting Stars. Graham left behind his three children and five grandchildren. Graham’s son Neil, 54, paid tribute to the TV legend, remembering his iconic and easily recognisable voice. He said: “He might not have wanted to be seen on screen, but he had a celebrity voice - a known voice. “He loved it. I do event organising and had a show in London and got Dad to do the voice over. “People recognised him straight away.” Neil added to The Sun: “As children we did TV adverts with him. “We would go off and be a family for P and O travel and the Abbey National.” Daughter Catherine Johnson, 52, also remembered her dad, who she said originally wanted to be a doctor before missing his final exams due to an ear infection. She told the aforementioned news outlet: “After National Service he went into engineering and for a hobby he started singing. He had an exceptional singing voice. “He was told he ought to try out for musicals. That is what got him into the theatre. DONT MISS:Piers Morgan fiercely defends Paul McCartney over Glastonbury backlash [PHOTOS]Deborah James ‘proud’ after 'incredible' bowel cancer campaign update [NEWS]Geri Horner and Christian fly to Glastonbury for extravagant date [LATEST] “Daddy was self employed and had other lines of work. "He had a launderette, a corner shop and he did up some flats. So there was some kind of consistency . “He got into Blind Date and then Shootings Stars.” Fans of the voice actor took to Twitter today to share their tributes after the sad news was confirmed. Jayke1981 said: “RIP to ‘Our Graham’ Skidmore. Reunited with Cilla Black for some Heavenly Blind Date shows.” Gordygeorge88 tweeted: “Graham Skidmore is up there as one of the best voices ever heard on TV and corporately too. “His Quick Reminders on Blind Date while sometimes cringeworthy were always witty and funny.” TomHourigan wrote: “RIP ‘Our Graham’ Skidmore - the voice of Saturday night TV in my house growing up as the man with the recaps on Blind Date.”