Liverpool's new priority for the summer transfer window has emerged after sporting director Julian Ward opted against pursuing a deal for Georginio Wijnaldum. The Reds have made three signings so far this summer, bringing in Fabio Carvalho, Darwin Nunez and Calvin Ramsay. Ramsay's arrival was announced on Sunday, with the Scot coming in to provide competition for Trent Alexander-Arnold at right-back. But the 18-year-old is likely to be the final player to move to Anfield before the end of this summer's transfer window. That is despite rumours surfacing on Monday that the Reds were interested in signing former star Wijnaldum. The midfielder experienced a nightmare campaign at Paris Saint-Germain, having joined the Ligue 1 side from Liverpool on a free transfer last summer. That has led to suggestions that he could leave the Parc des Princes after only one season, with Liverpool unsurprisingly being linked to him. But those suggestions have been shot down, giving an insight into Ward's plans going forward. READ MORE: Jurgen Klopp puts pressure on Liverpool stars as transfer on hold According to transfer insider Fabrizio Romano, the Reds are not involved in any talks around the possibility of signing Wijnaldum, with the rumours being branded 'fake'. Instead Ward's priority is said to be agreeing a new contract with Naby Keita. Talks are scheduled to begin soon with the midfielder, with his current deal set to expire next summer. Keita is the first of four players who Liverpool are understood to be hoping to agree fresh terms with. DON'T MISS: Liverpool 'ready swap deal bid' for key Jurgen Klopp target Barella (TRANSFERS)Liverpool insiders respond to claims Mohamed Salah set to quit club (NEWS)Liverpool risk Man Utd misery after Klopp takes Bellingham gamble (INSIGHT) Joe Gomez, Harvey Elliott and Diogo Jota will also receive improved contracts as Liverpool aim to tie up their long-term futures. That is now Ward's priority, with the Reds putting any moves for a new midfielder on the backburner till next summer. That means only three players will have arrived at Anfield, with Jurgen Klopp hoping to lead them on another Premier League title challenge. Two of those arrivals are unlikely to be first-choice options for some time, though Ward seems set on his contract priority.