Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, has access to the world's best nutritionists and personal trainers, but that doesn't mean non-royals can't adopt her healthy habits. Express.co.uk spoke to nutrition and fitness expert, Nataly Komova, about Camilla's likely lifestyle, diet and exercise regimes. Nataly claimed that one of the ways the Duchess stays slim and well is by eating a "balanced" diet. She suggested that Camilla might enjoy simple foods such as roast chicken, baked salmon and steaks, as well as family favourites lamb and shepherds pie. In conversation with You magazine, the Duchess revealed that when her children, Tom and Laura, were growing up, dinners included tarragon chicken, scrambled eggs, bacon, and chicken casserole. This suggests that the royal is more focussed on enjoying hearty, wholesome meals than restricting herself. READ MORE: Kirstie Allsopp weight loss: TV star follows 'key' strategy Nataly continued: "I think she also fills her diet with fresh produce, including fruits and vegetables." When her children were growing up, Camilla had a kitchen garden, suggesting that her cooking was nutrient-rich. Nowadays, the Duchess is still an avid gardener and often competes with husband Prince Charles over the quality of their vegetables. She is particularly impressed by her own white peaches. Nataly suggested that Camilla likely opts for organic foods. This is something Prince Charles is passionate about too, having set up organic food company, Duchy Organics, in 1990. In addition to a healthy diet, the expert suggested that Camilla is also likely active. Outdoor recreation activities she may participate in include horse riding and walking her dogs - not to mention gardening which is fabulous for toning up the arms. READ MORE: 89% of adults don't eat enough fruit & veg - how to change At 74-years-old, Camilla may also stay supple with some light yoga, and she has been snapped several times taking part in the odd dance class. Nataly offered some suggestions for those hoping to slim down while maintaining their strength at the Duchess' age. She said: "It is best to adopt Camilla’s lifestyle, which includes staying active. "Daily walking and stretching are vital for enhancing your suppleness as you grow older." She continued: "Camilla stopped smoking and substituted the habit with healthy habits." As for diet, Nataly recommends two key foods for the health of septuagenarians - beans and nuts. "Beans are versatile and filling. They are a great protein source and contain fibre that keeps you satisfied for a long time. "This reduces chances of eating excessively, helping maintain a healthy weight." She continued: "I like snacking on almonds, pecans, or peanuts. "Studies indicate that people who eat nuts are likely to eat less in the following meal."