The Spanish weather agency Aemet, has issued warnings for 31 provinces in Spain. Tourists in Malaga on the Costa del Sol can expect temperatures of more than 40 degrees. Aemet said that some areas could see temperatures of above 40 degrees on June 14, particularly inland. Some areas could experience a light calima, a form of dust storm caused when dust travels from the Sahara. In Andalucia, the areas most at risk of high temperatures are Cadiz, Cordoba, Granada, Jaen and Seville. An amber alert weather warning has been issued for all those popular destinations as the temperature heats up. READ MORE: Flight attendant check 'housekeeping' room at hotel to save money Meanwhile, six districts of Portugal are also under a weather warning with high temperatures expected on June 14. Tourists and residents are advised to avoid sun exposure as much as possible as it can be very dangerous. Vila Real, Viseu, Santarém, Braga and Setúbal are all under a yellow weather warning for heat. Several areas in Portugal are also under high alert for forest fires which are more common when the temperature is hot. A forest fire in Malaga in Spain continues to blaze after first starting last Wednesday in Pujerra. Officials have clarified there is still work to be done to control the blaze although it has been stabilised. Around 3,000 people were evacuated when the fire broke out including from Benahavis and Montemayor. This was a preliminary evacuation to protect residents and firefighters continue to work to completely extinguish the blaze. Tourists are advised to avoid direct sunlight and stay in during the middle of the day if the heat is too oppressive. Temperatures tend to be lower at the start and end of the day which can be the safest time to visit the beach. Tourists should also wear suncream and take shelter in the shade after spending time in the sun. It is also important to stay hydrated and bring water to the beach to avoid heat stroke or other sun sickness. The heatwave has been described by weather experts as “unusually high for June” and could mark this year’s first heatwave in Spain. It follows the hottest May on record with temperatures three degrees higher than average in May. Global heating means that Spain’s summer is starting around 30 days earlier than it did 50 years ago. Soaring temperatures can be dangerous for people’s health and have negative effects on the environment. People must make sure they drink enough water and stay out of direct sunlight.