Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, are back in the United Kingdom to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Amid speculation around Meghan’s potential meeting with her father, Thomas, writer and journalist Omid Scobie talked to Naga Munchetty on Friday's BBC Breakfast about whether a reconciliation could happen. Omid claimed Meghan and Thomas’ relationship has reached a close after the royal’s father left hospital last week. “There’s been a lot of speculation about whether Meghan will be meeting her father, who has been reportedly ill,” Naga asked. Omid confirmed: “Thomas Markle recently was released from hospital after a suspected stroke. “But, of course, we know that relationship has really come to an end.” READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Kim Tate murders Will Taylor over deadly secret “He famously released a private letter that she wrote him to the British papers. “And had continued a relationship with them instead of trying to fix the one with her, and I think that’s where we leave things today.” Meghan has confirmed no plans to reunite with her estranged parent over the course of the weekend. The retired Hollywood lighting director, 77, currently lives in California, but was making plans to fly to the UK to celebrate the Jubilee. However, the Sun reported his friend Tom Bower was with Thomas when he "fell" and suffered a suspected stroke. The incident on Monday, May 23, interrupted his plans to fly and he was admitted to hospital near his home in Rosarito, Mexico, before being ferried to San Diego, California. Thomas left hospital last Friday, saying via Mail Online: “I feel hugely grateful and know how lucky I am to be alive. “I want to thank everyone, especially the wonderful doctors and nurses who saved my life. They are angels.” DON'T MISS:Rod Stewart admits Penny has ‘thing’ for Prince Charles [INTERVIEW]NCIS LA’s LL Cool J sparks crossover rumours with reunion [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton tells off Louis in heartwarming moment during Jubilee [VIDEO] “I have been deeply moved by loving messages I’ve received from all over the world. “People have been so kind. I can’t speak right now, but I am working hard and will thank people properly when I can.” His daughter Meghan and husband Harry have remained low-key during the festivities so far. Rather than joining the working royals on the Buckingham Palace balcony, they watched Trooping the Colour from a window on Thursday. However, their baby daughter Lilibet still had the chance to meet her great-grandmother the Queen for the very first time. The celebrations continue on Friday with the Thanksgiving Service at St Paul's, which Prince Andrew will be unable to attend after testing positive for Covid. Meghan and Harry were also confirmed to be attending the service in an announcement on Thursday. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.