Aston Villa are pushing forward in their efforts to sign Liverpool defender Joe Gomez this summer, according to reports. The 25-year-old has fallen down the pecking order at Anfield over the last few seasons and is said to be high on Steven Gerrard's list of targets in advance of the upcoming Premier League campaign. Gomez has been linked with a move away from Liverpool for a number of months due to his lack of playing time and has been mentioned in connection with Villa since Gerrard took over as the club's manager back in November. It seems as though the west Midlands outfit are finally stepping up their pursuit of Gomez, with those in command now 'pressing ahead' in their attempts to snap him up, according to the Daily Star.It is said that Gerrard is a huge fan of Gomez and has authorised Villa to push for the England defender's services this summer. The player himself is reportedly aware that he faces a 'dilemma' over whether or not to stay at Liverpool in the knowledge that an immediate return to the first team is highly unlikely to occur at the start of next season.His ambitions of making the England squad for this year's World Cup could also play a key role in deciding his fate over the coming weeks and months. Gomez will need to play regularly in order to be considered for a place by Gareth Southgate, who has previously insisted that he cannot pick players who are not consistently involved at club level. JUST IN: Arsenal chiefs face headache even if they beat Man Utd to Martinez It remains to be seen whether Villa will be able to tempt Liverpool, though, as they ramp up their efforts to add him to their squad in advance of the new campaign. They are said to be preparing a bid of around £30million, which they believe will be sufficient, but Jurgen Klopp is said to be keen on keeping Gomez on Merseyside as defensive cover for the foreseeable future.Gomez played a key role in Liverpool's recent Premier League and Champions League triumphs but only registered 11 competitive starts in all competitions for the Reds last season. However, former England goalkeeper Paul Robinson recently suggested that Gomez will decide against leaving his current employers this summer, with Liverpool's ability to compete for multiple trophies meaning that he will play no shortage of games next season even if he remains in a back-up role. "If you are in all of the cup competitions until the latter stages, most players will get 20 appearances in a season," Robinson told Football Insider last month."It doesn’t matter if you’re not a regular starter. If you are a valued squad member you will play your part. Where would you want to go?"Why would you want to leave Liverpool? They are one of if not the best team in Europe right now." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here