GB News Patricky Christys savaged the BBC's coverage of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in a blistering on-air rant. He took issue with the BBC's "focus on the negative" pointing out that they led the news bulletins with the Queen's "frail state". Instead, Mr Christys said the BBC could have focused on "the positive" on a celebration weekend "full of national pride". The BBC has carried out extensive coverage of the Platinum Jubilee, starting with the Trooping the Colour on Thursday, which kicked off the four-day celebrations. Mr Christys bashed the "miserable" mood of the BBC's coverage. He told viewers: "There were flags everywhere, bunting was out, the pageantry, the sense of national pride. "For once we weren't afraid to fly our national flag. When that flag flys high, everyone around the world takes notice." JUST IN: Meghan and Harry hold 'secret talks' with Prince Charles  The GB News host continued: "Maybe you met with your loved ones, maybe you had a party. "There were so many positive things, so many highlights. "But what did Nicholas Witchell, the BBC's royal correspondent, decide to lead with at the top of the BBC Ten O'Clock News? "The Queen looking frail, looking discomfort, using a walking stick.  "What a miserable man and typical BBC - they have got to find the negative! "The Queen is 96 years old, why did they focus on her mobility issues?" Viewers praised the rant, with Tom Walters commenting in response: "Well said, Patrick. A day full of positive sentiments and they focus on everything negative." DON'T MISS: Putin given bleak warning as Russian tanks blown up one-by-one [VIDEO]Omid Scobie insists Meghan and Harry's low-profile is their idea [INTERVIEW]Jubilee: Lip reader says what royals REALLY said while on balcony [INSIGHT]  Terry Reknaw added: "The Beeb is lifeless to start with. Just one glance at it sucks a year's time of energy out of anyone." Today, on the third day of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, members of the Royal Family will attend celebration events across the country. The Queen has pulled out of the Epsom Derby and will instead watch it on TV from Windsor, according to Buckingham Palace. Instead, her daughter, the Princess Royal, is expected to officially represent the monarch at the derby. 