 A total of 80 municipalities in the province of Turin and another 25 in the province of Bergamo are also considering the possibility of limiting household water consumption. The Lake Como and Cernobbio station has seen a decline of minus 11.5cm in the last 72 hours, and the station in Lavello has exceeded this at minus 16cm. The water level of the Po, Italy’s longest river, in some areas has fallen to the lowest level in 70 years creating a climate and agricultural crisis. Production of field crops such as wheat have already fallen by 15 percent this year putting the initial damage estimates at two billion euros. Mr Lattanzi said: “In addition to long-term solutions such as the reduction of CO2 emissions to combat the climate change in progress, in the short term, it is necessary in order to avoid or reduce the consumption of groundwater or surface water, to enhance the reuse of rainwater. “This is both for industrial and irrigation purposes and to carry out restructuring of the national water network, which records huge losses sometimes exceeding 30 percent of the water introduced.” The president also spoke about how the dry conditions have the possibility to affect crops and impact on food production as a whole. He added: “Furthermore, it is desirable to propose circular reuse practices also at civil level in new residential and industrial design lines aware of the reuse of purified waste water.” READ MORE: Heatwaves cause worst drought in 70 years and wildfires in Europe Lombardy in particular is renowned for several years as the first agricultural region of Italy, producing 37 percent of Italian milk, 42 percent of its rice and 40 percent of pig products. But a dry winter of no snow and less rain is also a contributing factor to the dry river beds during the summer. "At the national level in these days of June 2022 we realise how much the potential periods of drought can affect us at various times,” Mr Latanzi added. “With different frequencies and peaks in Lombardy, as well as in other regions between which Piedmont and Tuscany are witnessing a period of less water availability - also in relation to the lower rainfall since the beginning of the year and the fewer winter snow accumulations which are then transformed into water poured into rivers." DON'T MISS:Amanda Holden, 51, lets fans into bedroom moment[LATEST]'Stupid w**ker!' Kirstie Allsopp unleashes as she's mocked over NHS[TWITTER]Buckingham Palace ban George Ezra's song at Queen's Platinum Jubilee[ROYALS] In Piedmont, the governor Alberto Cirio, has called for a state of calamity for agriculture. The region's environment councillor, Matteo Marnati, says there are only 15 days left to save the harvests. Addtional reporting by Maria Ortega