Both the Liverpool City Region Combined Authority (LCRCA) and Transport for London (TfL) have announced plans to reduce certain services or axe routes completely as inflation pressures rise. At least 16 routes are due to be discontinued and 78 are being amended as of September in London, while dozens of reductions have been proposed across five boroughs in Merseyside. The plans come as the Government bus funding deal to aid with the collapse in fares during the pandemic draws to an end in Autumn. The LCRCA has launched a two-week consultation into the plans which proposes changes to take place from September 4. Speaking on the Merseyside changes, a spokesperson from the authority said: “While some services have seen a good rate of recovery in passenger numbers since the removal of COVID-19 restrictions, others have not. “This means that they may require changes to their route or timetable to allow them to remain sustainable.” Services in Knowsley, Liverpool, Sefton, St Helens and Wirral will be affected if the proposals are approved. TfL’s bus service consultation will run until August 7 after being extended by four weeks as concerns increase over the plans.  READ MORE: State pensioners can get free bus pass - who else is eligible?  TfL's chief operating officer Andy Lord told the London Assembly on Wednesday (June 29): "This is a condition as part of our funding with the Government. “The reductions are primarily focused on Central London in areas where we think it will be least impactful and the least worst option, and where there are mitigating options for us in terms of increasing routes elsewhere and ensuring financial sustainability." Dozens of changes have been proposed across the five boroughs, including a number of reductions to services in Liverpool city centre on weekends. Two services are proposed to be withdrawn in St Helens while a few routes between Knowsley and Liverpool, as well as Sefton, are being proposed to change. To name a few that run through Knowsley, Sunday services on the 10B, 12, 13, and 15 will be reduced to hourly after 9pm and 10pm.  Routes on the 14A will alter to terminate earlier than Tower Hill, the 19 will reduce service frequency to every 12 minutes, while the 61 will reduce its frequency from Monday to Friday, as well as Saturday, to once every 60 minutes. The X3 from Liverpool to Knowsley Industrial Park has been proposed to be withdrawn completely. Click here for the full list of proposed changes in Knowsley. Liverpool will see Sunday services on the likes of the 18, 26, 27, 54, and 55 reduce to hourly from 10pm. Saturday services on the 52/52A, 58/58A, 204, and 300 are proposed to be reduced to hourly. The 76 and 78 will be reduced to run every 30 to 60 minutes, while a number of routes are due to change on 159, 310, and 135. Click here for the full list of proposed changes in Liverpool.  DON'T MISS: Free bus pass: State pension changes could affect your eligibility [EXPLAINED]Is the Government’s new boiler upgrade scheme for you? [ANALYSIS]POLL: Would you rather have a UK holiday as airport chaos erupts? [POLL]    To name a few that run through Sefton, services will see a reduction in frequency on the 300, 62, 81/81A and 121, while a number of services will be rerouted on services such as the 144 and 44. Click here for the full list of proposed changes in Sefton. In St Helens, it’s been proposed that the 17 and 37 be entirely withdrawn, while the 61 and 352 be reduced to every 60 minutes and 30 minutes respectively, from Monday to Friday. Click here for the full list of proposed changes in St Helens. Wirral may see a reduction in services on the 216/217, 410, 418, 437, and 492/495. Click here for the full list of proposed changes in Wirral. London bus route change proposals TfL has proposed its biggest cuts to London bus services in decades as nearly 100 services are due to be reduced or axed completely.  The objective behind the changes is said to be the removal of overlaps between routes on major trunk roads in Central London, although there will be roads left without a bus service entirely. Here is the list of services proposed to be axed this year:  The following services will see a reduction in frequency: And the following services are being proposed to see an increase in frequency: 