Princess Alexandra has supported the Queen throughout her long reign and at the age of 85, she still completes royal duties on the monarch's behalf. After appearing at the Platinum Jubilee celebrations over the four-day bank holiday, Princess Alexandra will today (June 8) attend a reception and a performance of Sounding Retreat on Horse Guards Parade as Royal Colonel of the 3rd Battalion The Rifles. Born in 1936, Princess Alexandra was one of only a few royal princesses around during the reign of King George VI, along with her cousins then Princess Elizabeth and her sister Princess Margaret. As the only daughter of the Queen's uncle, Prince George, Duke of Kent, Princess Alexandra has known the Queen all of her life. Princess Alexandra served as a bridesmaid at Princess Elizabeth's wedding to the Duke of Edinburgh in 1947. And after her own marriage to Angus Ogilvy in 1963, Princess Alexandra continued to be a close confidante of the Queen as she became a prominent working royal. READ MORE: Kate's 'hands-on' and 'nurturing' parenting style shown  Many of Princess Alexandra's charitable interests centre on medical causes, education, arts and heritage and the military, and she holds several honorary military appointments from the Queen. As a trusted friend, Alexandra has often appeared alongside the Queen at state events or racing fixtures over the decades. In recent years, Alexandra has been pictured sitting alongside the Queen in a carriage at Royal Ascot, which is said to be the Queen's favourite event every year. The Queen and Alexandra's friendship has endured much heartbreak and after the death of Princess Margaret in 2002, Alexandra became almost like a "sister" to the monarch.  Royal commentator Daisy McAndrew told the Channel 5 2021 documentary, ‘Princess Alexandra: The Queen's Confidante’: “After Princess Margaret’s death, Alexandra was the closest thing that the Queen had to a sister. “She was somebody who has been a constant throughout her [the Queen’s] life, knows exactly what being a member of the Royal Family and a working royal is all about, and knows how it all works, knows where the bodies are buried, knows how to behave and knows how to cheer the royals up and, in particular, to cheer the Queen up.” In addition to being the Queen's cousin, Princess Alexandra was also a relation of the Queen's beloved late husband, Prince Philip. Princess Alexandra's mother was Princess Marina of Greece and Denmark, making Alexandra a cousin of the Duke of Edinburgh who was born a Prince of Greece and Denmark. DON'T MISS:Prince William slammed for environmentalist speech [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should Princess Anne be considered for Queen? [POLL]Inside the Queen's close bond with her cousin the Duke of Kent [ANALYSIS]  The Queen's love for Alexandra was clear when she was invited to be one of only 30 guests permitted to mourn at Philip's funeral last year, which took place under strict Covid restrictions. The Queen is also known to be very close to Alexandra's elder brother Edward, who often appears at Trooping the Colour every year. The Duke was the only royal chosen to join the Queen on the palace balcony for the particularly special Trooping the Colour display this month which marked the Platinum Jubilee. Only a select few of the Queen's many cousins serve the crown in an official working capacity, including Princess Alexandra, Prince Edward, Duke of Kent and Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester. 