Netflix’s hit science fiction series Stranger Things made its highly anticipated return to screens with its fourth season in May. After the introduction of the latest monster Vecna, fans believe they have uncovered which character is working with the villain.  Throughout the series, the young friends of Hawkins, Indiana, have worked together to investigate secret government exploits and supernatural forces. In doing so, a number of grotesque creatures emerged from a parallel dimension, including the Demogorgon, exploding rats and season four’s newest addition, Vecna. It was soon revealed Vecna was behind the multiple deaths of teenagers in Hawkins and would torment its victims. By working together, the friends also discovered the villain would target people with trauma. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent viewers rocked by 10-year-old’s metal audition This was revealed when it went after Max Mayfield (played by Sadie Sink) who had been battling feelings of guilt after the death of her brother Billy Hargrove (Dacre Montgomery). The teenager also had trauma after she witnessed him sacrifice himself to save the lives of others. During episode four, Max was at Billy’s gravesite when she was held psychologically captive by Vecna. As she was on the verge of being killed her friends played her favourite song which distracted her from focusing on her worst fears and experiences which Vecna would highlight.  As well as her favourite song, she reflected on the happy memories she shared with friends, which proved to be her saving grace. Soon after, the teenagers noticed all of Vecna’s victims had met with the High School guidance counsellor, Ms Kelly (Regina Ting Chen) who was introduced in season four. With the help of Steve Harrington (Joe Keery), they broke into her office and went through the files of the other victims to understand what happened in their lives before Vecna. While this was the only link, fans were convinced something more sinister was happening between Ms Kelly and Vecna.  DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star details moment he decided to quit acting [INSIGHT] Stranger Things star pays tribute to Sadie Sink after season 4 [INSIGHT]Stranger Things theory: Vecna kills Eleven in foreshadowing clue [THEORY] Instead of helping her students find a resolution for their trauma, fans believe the guidance counsellor had been supplying information to the villain. By doing so, Ms Kelly would have been helping Vecna find its ideal victims to torment before their subsequent murder. However, this theory wasn’t just a coincidence as Tiktok user @Ladybug5489 spotted a major clue and exposed it to other viewers. During Max’s meeting with Ms Kelly, the counsellor was wearing a necklace with a clock which could be heard ticking throughout their session.  The user then shared a major clue as the clock was also linked to Vecna. Just before their deaths, all the victims would see a grandfather clock and hear its chimes as they took their last breaths. Although the possible link wasn’t explored any further in the instalment, thankfully for fans Stranger Things will return for part two in July. Stranger Things season 4, volume 2 will be released on Netflix on July 1. 