Rafael Nadal’s doctor has explained how the Spaniard has been able to win record-breaking 21st and 22nd Grand Slam titles this season despite his injury woes. The world No 4 was sidelined for the last half of 2021 as a result of his injury but won the Australian Open on his return before being sidelined by a rib injury, with his foot bothering him following his comeback. But Nadal continued his miracle season by winning the French Open on Sunday. Nadal returned from a six-month injury layoff and won 20 straight matches to start the season, picking up titles in Melbourne, Acapulco and a record 21st Major in Australia. After being sidelined by a rib injury and having his chronic foot issue flare up again, he managed to win a 14th French Open, marking the first time in his career he had won the first two Grand Slams of the season. His doctor has now explained the 36-year-old’s miracle season and admitted that only the world No 4 is capable of making history while, as Nadal put it, “living with an injury.” Speaking to Spain’s El Partidazo de Cope, Dr Angel Ruiz-Cotorro said: “It seems to me a spectacular thing, it would be a miracle for any normal person, but he is able to do it because he really is a different person.” Speaking about his ability to win in Paris, he continued: “It’s no longer that they numb your foot so you don’t have pain and suddenly you can compete, it’s accepting that challenge and then isolating yourself from all that feeling to later give you the opportunity to play several games with those conditions, also against very high-level rivals. JUST IN: Wimbledon security chiefs 'on high alert' amid Russia cyberattack fear  “Coming in addition to the rib problem that had prevented him from having the proper preparation and rhythm of matches that he wanted. These things can only be done by Rafa.” Nadal has suffered with Mueller-Weiss syndrome since he was 19 though revealed it worsened following the suspension of the tennis tour during the pandemic. It means he played just two matches following his French Open semi-final exit last year before shutting down his season and has once again been troubled with the issue on the clay courts this year. He admitted to using anaesthetic injections during Roland Garros to numb the pain in his nerve but did not want to repeat that treatment in the future and has instead undergone a radiofrequency procedure to try and recreate the same effect. DON'T MISSAndy Murray once fired furious Jeff Bezos dig at 'cheating' TsitsipasFederer shares comeback schedule and 'problem' he'd like to haveATP boss makes Wimbledon points claim as Russian players' war stance  The world No 4 said he would not compete at Wimbledon unless the treatment proves successful and Ruiz-Cotorro explained: “The objective is that this does not last any longer and that he can play Wimbledon.” With Nadal winning the first two Majors of the year for the first time, he is halfway to the Calendar Grand Slam - winning all four in one season. Djokovic won the first three Grand Slam tournaments of the season last year and was bidding to be the first man in 52 years to complete the Calendar Slam, reaching the US Open championship match, but he fell at the final hurdle, losing the title to Daniil Medvedev. 