Andy Murray is into the third-round of the Surbiton Trophy after a straight-sets win over Gijs Brouwer. Murray, 35, ramped up his preparations for Wimbledon by coming through 7-6 7-6, although was given a tougher test than many envisaged against an opponent who had only previously played 45 Challenger Tour matches. The current world No 69 started convincingly by winning his opening service game to love, and then at 2-1 fashioned his first opening at deuce on the Brouwer serve. However, the Dutchman held his nerve as two big first serves saw him take the game. A sublime drop shot from the Scot set up a first break point at 3-2, but Brouwer survived that and then a second one to keep things level. Matters continued to be tight and then at 5-5, it was Murray who needed to be resilient as he faced a break point of his own at 30-40. He duly saved it and held out, as did Brouwer to ensure a tie-break - and even then the two players continued to go blow for blow as the score stood at 3-3. It was then that the three-time Grand Slam champion upped the ante though, fashioning a 6-4 lead before sealing matters with a trademark backhand winner. JUST IN: Mats Wilander and Tim Henman offer solution to French Open scheduling row The match continued to go with serve in the second set, and at 2-1 up Brouwer, 26, worked two break points. But after wastefully hitting long on his return, Murray produced back-to-back aces before a forehand winner made sure of another save. His opponent was continuing to apply the pressure though, and at 3-2 had another opening at 30-40, and this time he capitalised as a fierce return forced the error from his more esteemed opponent. That was the first break of the match following 17 successive holds - but Murray immediately responded in kind when a deep sliced backhand saw him convert the first of two game points. DON'T MISS:Novak Djokovic makes furious French Open crowd claim after Rafael Nadal lossAndrey Rublev makes classy gesture in heat of battle after Marin Cilic's desperate pleaRafael Nadal receives classy message as French Open king nears more history  The next three games went with serve before controversy, with Brouwer unhappy at an apparent ace being called out. Murray compounded his frustration when he again executed a drop-shot superbly to make it 30-40, but the world No 230 regained his composure to win what proved a marathon game. Murray held himself to ensure another tie-break, and a lucky bet cord helped him open up a 4-2 lead. From there, he kept control, and at 6-3 a wide backhand from Brouwer sealed the British player's place in the last-eight.