Liverpool are right to ask for at least £40million for Sadio Mane, especially if Harry Kane is worth £100m, according to former England winger Trevor Sinclair. The pundit's verdict comes following reports Bayern Munich have seen an 'insulting' offer rejected for Mane. Tottenham striker Kane will turn 29 in July, with his Liverpool rival just over a year older at the age of 30. Mane's contract at Anfield expires at the end of next season, 12 months before Kane's Spurs deal is set to come to an end. The Mirror claims Bayern made an offer of £30m for the Senegal star but that figure would only be reached if he won three Ballon d'Ors during his time at the Allianz Arena. Liverpool rejected the bid out of hand and were said to be insulted by it. The Telegraph says Liverpool expect Bayern to make an improved offer of £40m, which they are likely to accept as they attempt to raise funds to sign Benfica forward Darwin Nunez. But Sinclair says that is still extremely cheap for a player of Mane's quality, especially when compared to Kane's reported price tag. READ MORE: Arsenal told to 'increase Scamacca offer by £8.5m' after first bid rejected  He said on talkSPORT: “No player, in my memory, leaves Liverpool on their terms. Liverpool let players go for a lot of money, or they keep them. It shows the power of the club. "He's 30 years old. Now, if we're talking about Harry Kane at 29 being worth £100m, £40m for Sadio Mane, for me, is a snip. He is a great player, he gives everything every game, touch wood he never gets injured, he turns up in big games. I'm not surprised Bayern Munich are trying to get him cheap but Liverpool won't have it." Mane was Liverpool's second-leading goalscorer in all competitions last season with 23 strikes to his name. Mohamed Salah scored eight more than his team-mate. DON'T MISSArteta makes Saliba stance clear as hint given over Arsenal role [REPORT]Leeds summer spending to reach £43.5m as Orta 'accelerates' third signing [TRANSFERS]Man Utd boss Ten Hag 'interested' in surprise left-field Brighton transfer [RUMOUR]  But Sinclair still believes Mane is the more important player out of the duo. He added: "I think he's the most important player at Liverpool, offensively, I really do. "I know you'll get people calling in saying how many goals Salah's scored and all the rest of it - fine. It's not all about goals. It's about the full game."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here