And that's the crucial bit, delivering for the people - those people, who back in 2019 decisively, optimistically and enthusiastically voted for a Tory Government - and those voters need those manifesto promises fulfilled. They need a Government that is 100 per cent batting for Britain and for all those hardworking people who keep the country afloat. They need a Government that believes in Brexit and the opportunities it brings, that has a coherent energy policy, that will make the streets safer and lock up more criminals and one that will reduce immigration and do more to stop illegal immigration. We also need a Conservative Government that once again believes in living within our means and cutting taxes for hardworking households. We all know it's been a difficult time. The headwinds that have come our way would have knocked any leader off course - Brexit, a pandemic, the global cost-of-living crisis and now the Russia/ Ukraine war. If Boris Johnson is going to regain the trust of the public, more than ever, he and his Government need to dig deep and find their inner Conservatism. They need to find their way back to the Conservative path. Covid turned them into socialists - removing even the most basic freedoms, spending money as if there was no tomorrow and putting up taxes to the highest levels in 70 years. The country is begging us to move on from Partygate, and to face the consequences of it. We cannot ever have one law for the ruling class and one for the public. We need to acknowledge and accept the damage that was done to trust in the Government as we seek to win it back.  The Government must focus first and foremost on getting the economy back on track. We need businesses investing in the UK and they will only do that if there is a stable and consistent environment - not rocketing taxes, bulging bureaucracy and a work-shy workforce. As the Prime Minister belatedly acknowledged in a letter to Conservative MPs yesterday, you cannot spend your way out of inflation or tax your way to growth. Most of all Government needs to get a grip of the machinery of government. A good start would be getting civil servants and agencies back into the office. We need the DVLA and passport teams working flat out to get the backlogs down. We need all forms of licenses, passes, security checks done to allow people to work and businesses to run. Most of all we have to stop the Covid lockdown excuses once and for all. Our country needs everyone to pull together and get this country back on its feet. At the weekend we gave thanks for the Queen - 96 years young and still working for the country. We all need to take a leaf out of her book and the Government needs to act in a way that earns the trust and respect of the country that Her Majesty rightly enjoys. 