Recent tests on mice have found it is possible to switch off the gene in the liver responsible for producing cholesterol for at least 220 days. Scientists say this one-off injection could permanently reduce the risk of heart disease and suggest it could produce long-term changes in gene activity. However, further research is required on humans in clinical trials before this treatment is seen on the NHS. The trials on mice mark the latest in small wave of developments in the treatment of high cholesterol. READ MORE: Peter Kay: Comic's 'first hand experience' of 'complex' disease Last September, a new jab was approved for use on the NHS. The drug, known as Inclirisan, is given to people with high cholesterol levels who have previously had a heart attack or stroke. The purpose of the administration is to prevent the occurrence of a second heart attack or stroke. Under treatment guidance, the drug is administered twice a year.  Speaking about the announcement at the time, Chief Executive of the NHS Amanda Pritchard, said: “The NHS is committed to using cutting-edge treatments to save and improve patients’ lives. “This world-leading deal for the rollout of Inclisiran will save lives and enable hundreds of thousands of people to benefit from this revolutionary treatment, while also being fair to taxpayer.” Meanwhile, the British Heart Foundations’ Professor Sir Nilesh Samani added: “The approval of inclisiran is good news for heart patients. “Inclisiran is particularly attractive because it only needs to be given twice a year by a simple injection under the skin. More research is needed to confirm the full extent of its benefits, but I anticipate that in the future it will also be approved to lower cholesterol for a much wider group of people to prevent them from having a heart attack or stroke in the first place.” While improvements are being made in the treatment of high cholesterol, breakthroughs are being made in the understanding of different facets of heart disease. Researchers from the Victor Chang Cardiac Research Institute in Australia have uncovered the mechanism behind the thickening of the heart muscle wall. The thickening of the heart muscle wall, a condition also known as cardiac hypertrophy, plays a key role in the occurrence of heart failure. Analysis from the researchers show certain molecules and pathways causing cardiac hypertrophy in mouse models; the findings how these molecules combine with others to start the thickening process. In common with other forms of heart disease, heart failure has several symptoms to look out for including:• Breathlessness• Fatigue• Swollen ankles and legs• Feeling lightheaded• Fainting. Heart failure can cause unusual or less common symptoms such as wheezing, bloating, confusion, a fast heart rate, and loss of appetite.