Social media users claimed that Prince Louis "stole the show" during his Buckingham Palace balcony appearance on Thursday as the little royal was spotted pulling faces. The four-year-old, along with his two elder siblings, joined the senior members of the Royal Family on the Trooping the Colour balcony. A Twitter user tweeted under the handle @elliot_gonzalez, shared a screengrab of the young royal with his hands covering his ears and making a screaming face. The tweet was captioned with the heading: "Prince Louis stealing the show #PlatinumJubilee". Another user, @Kat_h81, commented on Elliot's post. This user wrote: "Bet he's quite a character". READ MORE: Queen beaming as she shares precious moment with Prince Louis on palace balcony Another Twitter account, @TNSociallyMissy, tweeted: "Prince Louis, stealing the show! #TroopingTheColour #buckinghampalace #balcony", along with a picture of the young royal. Whilst on the balcony, the four-year-old could be seen waving at the planes and chatting to the Queen during the incredible display. Prior to the balcony appearance, Prince Louis joined his mum Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, siblings George and Charlotte, and step-grandmother Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall in a royal carriage on their way to the Trooping the Colour event. The 2022 Trooping the Colour parade marks the first time the Cambridge children joined the carriage procession with other senior royal members. READ MORE: Meghan meets Mia in adorable display as Duchess makes first return since Megxit row In some footage, the royal trio could be seen enthusiastically waving at royal supporters. In 2019, all the three Cambridge children joined Kate, Prince William, and the Queen on the Buckingham Palace's balcony. George, Charlotte, and Louis have increasingly appeared at a number of royal events with their parents, especially over the past year. All three of the children attended a charity pantomime at the London Palladium in 2020. DON'T MISS Queen 'won't allow' Meghan and Harry to publish photos - claim [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan facing Spotify 'pressure' to break 'promise to Queen' [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle 'will only curtsy to the Queen' at Jubilee - claim [VIDEO] Due to his younger age, Louis has appeared at fewer events than his elder siblings. Eight-year-old George and seven-year-old Charlotte attended the traditional service at Windsor's St George's Chapel with their parents for Easter. In April, George and Charlotte also attended the memorial service for their late great-grandfather Prince Philip.