An interview with Nelson from last year has recently surfaced, which sees the Brazilian racer using racist terms to describe Lewis. As the 37-year-old calls for change, Good Morning Britain's Kate Garraway and Ben Shephard spoke to Bernie about his views on Thursday's ITV show, but he defended Nelson and said he "didn't know" what Lewis was expecting.  "I've known Nelson for an awfully long time," the 91-year-old remarked. "Even up to a couple of weeks ago I was with him, and it's not the sort of thing Nelson would say meaning something bad. "Very often these things get said, and he's Brazilian - when he came to England he didn't speak any English so he probably picked up the English sense of humour and he probably thinks lots of things that he says which might upset us, to him is nothing." He added: "Nelson would never go out of his way to say anything bad," before adding he is "surprised" Lewis hasn't "brushed it aside". READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: viewers left in tears after ‘emotional’ audition He continued: "I don't know what you can do about stopping people saying something that, at the time, would appear to be appropriate to them, but it may not be in reality. "You can't start making rules of what people can say and can't say, and I don't know what sort of reaction he is expecting." Ben pointed out: "You can condemn it though, Bernie. You're a voice of authority within the sport, a former boss of Formula 1, so you can come out and say this just has no place in our sport." Bernie then questioned Ben, asking: "So if somebody asked you, what would you do? Tell me what you'd do."  Baffled, the presenter replied: "I mean my opinion on this... Bernie, I've got no credibility in the world of Formula 1, I'm just a journalist asking you a question. "You're the man that created this sport, it's become what it is today. "So your opinion is far more relevant and far more important than mine." "I haven't got an opinion," Bernie replied bluntly. Ben had explained earlier that the word Nelson used throws back to "an archaic mindset". DON'T MISS... GMB fans hit back as guest slams Royal spending 'They help more!' [LATEST]Ralf Little ecstatic as he learns of great-grandad's victory [VIDEO]Bargain Hunt’s Danny Sebastian made huge loss after 'going for a brew' [INTERVIEW] "It's just not appropriate," he added. Bernie responded: "Well it's probably not appropriate with us. "I don't know what the reaction is in Brazil." He then compared the slurs to people making remarks about "someone's weight". He added: "I'm surprised that Lewis hasn't just brushed it aside. "But he's now come out and Nelson has apologised. Everybody should be happy."  "Well, he isn't," Kate replied. "He said that further action needs to be taken. "That it's symbolic of an out-of-touch mindset. Some people are arguing that Formula 1 has had criticism about sexism in certain places. "And also lots of controversy over taking the knee. Is that something you recognise in your beloved sport, that there is an out-of-date mindset that has to change?" "I think the world has an out-of-date mindset, not just the sport," Bernie responded. A spokesperson for Formula 1 told Express.co.uk: "The comments made by Bernie Ecclestone are his personal views and are in very stark contrast to the position of the modern values of our sport." Good Morning Britain airs on weekdays from 6am on ITV.