Coronation Street fans have been entertained by Bill Roache's character Ken Barlow since he appeared in the ITV soap's first episode in 1960. The 90-year-old, who is still acting in the soap, recently sat down with fellow soap star Denise Welch, 64, on Loose Women to talk about the Queen's Platinum Jubilee and why he feels once you hit 60, society expects you to retire.  Having appeared on the Coronation Street cobbles for 62 years, Bill is officially the longest-serving soap actor globally. Discussing another long-serving individual, the Queen, Denise asked if both Her Majesty and he could be expected to retire soon. "No, sorry, I object to that!" he stated, quickly squashing the subject. "We are ageing, and the problem with ageing, the collective concise says, the minute you get 60, 'Here's the chair, sit down, are you going to retire? Are you taking it easy?' and down you go. Denise "agreed" with the general perception of age and how people expect you to slow down the closer you get to retirement. Read More: Rod Stewart defends Sweet Caroline Jubilee performance after being blasted by fans  Bill batted the sentiment to the side and added: "No, you keep doing what you enjoy doing right to the end. "I am still acting, and I am still doing it." Getting more animated on the matter, he quipped he was "getting cross" at Denise for his "ageing" as she asked the question. On ageing, Denise joked about the lyrics from The Beatles' song Don't Pass Me By - 'Losing your hair and getting old' - as she proclaimed both she and Bill "haven't lost a hair" on their heads.   Bill ended: "It's not the number. It's how you feel. "I don't feel 90. I started getting younger when I was 70, So I am about 50 now." Elsewhere in his interview, Bill spoke about meeting the Queen for the first time when he was in the army. Stationed in Jamaica with the Royal Welsh Fusiliers in the mid-1950s, he met the monarch shortly after her Coronation in 1953, while she was on her tour of the Caribbean with him, describing her as "very attractive". DON’T MISS…Len Goodman blunder: Strictly star sparks uproar with curry powder comment- 'foreign muck' [LATEST]Top Gear's Chris Harris details painful injury sustained during filming 'Really dangerous' [LATEST]Virgin River season 4 theory: Jack's shooter to be exposed as Mel's ex's sister Stacie [LATEST] He was 23 at the time and carrying the "colours at her reception" and he and two others had the opportunity to talk to her. He recalled: "She was very young, she was very alive, very alert, very attractive." Spotting the throwaway comment, Denise asked: "Did you have a little twinkle for her, Bill?" Without skipping a beat, he replied: "Oh definitely, you couldn't help [it], she was very attractive. She was lovely."    Bill has since met Her Majesty "about eight times" over the years, with her even visiting the Coronation Street set. In the ITV documentary Happy Birthday Bill, which shines a light on the actor and his career, he also swatted away the idea of retiring. He explained: "People will say when are you retiring? Are you going to take a break? But then what happens? "Whilst I can do it, and whilst they will have me, I have no intention of retiring. I am so fortunate to work for an organisation that is happy to have me." Loose Women airs weekdays from 12:30pm on ITV and Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm on ITV.  