With polling that 55 percent of Americans identify as “pro-choice”, yet around 26 states now likely to restrict abortion access (some already have) an already febrile cultural climate is liable to turn red hot. Already at odds over guns, with arguments amplified by mainstream and social media in a near constant slanging match, the Court decision highlighted the sectarianism which has come to define modern America. The fact the power to rule on abortion will now be the hands of individual states could rip the country’s already weakened cohesion to shreds. Indicative of the divide, while less than a third of the 26 states likely to restrict abortion will even allow exemptions for rape of incest, there are at least 20 states where abortion will remain a protected right. It may be worth contrasting the US predicament with Poland and Europe. Poland has about the most restrictive abortion laws in Europe, only allowed in the case of rape, or risk to the woman's life. Despite some pushback, data suggests that most Poles do in fact reject abortion on demand. Just last week a bill to reform restrictions was decisively rejected by the Polish parliament. Crucially however, Poland is a homogeneous country in terms of culture, religion, identity and outlook. The contrast with the US is difficult to overstate - the latter is polarised in almost every conceivable sense. Poland, like other central and eastern European countries - as well as Japan and Korea - has the kind of national cohesion which today eludes not just the US, but other Anglo-Saxon and western European countries. Despite protests against the abortion laws, Poland is simply cohesive enough to avoid US-style cultural clashes. Debate and diversity of opinion is all part of a vibrant democracy of course, but not when it begins to tear a country apart. A nation can only exist so long as the people within it wish to hang together. Do the Americans anymore? It is also worth also comparing the US to the wider EU. The latter is, no doubt, every bit as ideologically divided as the US. Yet this division is represented by a neat split dividing the largely conservative, Christian and mostly Slavic east, from the more liberal, secular and multi-ethnic west. Moreover, the EU is not yet a country, while most central and eastern European member states have not signed up to the single currency. Put simply, if Hungary and Poland - soon to be net contributors to the EU’s coffers anyway - wanted to go and set up their own club, they could. Division in the US, by contrast, looks more like a chess board. Liberals and conservatives are all over the place, with inter-state and intra-state divides. Take Georgia – while the big cities are multi-ethnic and vote Democrat, the small towns are overwhelmingly white and vote Republican. That is within a state, never mind between them. ON'T MISS Driving a fuel car will be 'unimaginably difficult' after 2030 ban [REVEAL] Volkswagen to overtake Tesla for electric vehicle sales crown [INSIGHT] Major car tax changes needed or drivers will risk 'implications' [WARNING]  Nor is it the case that all conservative states in the US are in one part of the country with all the liberal states in another. Put another way, while the EU could amicably split before its failed marriage becomes unbearable, the US is in a far trickier position. Divides are all over the place, and how would one unwind everything from a common currency to the armed forces (although 23 states do have their own defence forces). This is no room for gloating. The UK and other western European countries are also polarised, but in those places, people are not armed, and most social questions have been settled, whether conservative-minded people like it or not. Crucially, the UK is home to 67 million people, not 330 million. Whichever side of this debate you are on, we should all agree that if a people can no longer agree on the fundamentals, they are going to have a very tough time hanging together. The Supreme Court didn’t so much split the US as expose a divide which is becoming impossible to ignore. 