Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said that while some will be sent to the Baltic state to help deter Russia, others will remain based in the UK. He added that the alliance has been considering bolstering the Enhanced Forward Presence unit, a network of military alliances across NATO's eastern border. A final decision looks set to be made by the time of the NATO summit in Spain at the end of this month.  Britain is currently leading the way in the Enhanced Presence Unit, with two battlegroups of close to 1,000 personnel each. According to Sky News security and defence editor Deborah Haynes on Twitter, adding a third battlegroup will turn it into a full brigade. Mr Wallace said: "It is highly likely that come Madrid we will seek to allocate a brigade to those two battlegroups.  READ MORE: Hilarious reaction to Macron and Zelensky's 'uncomfortable' embrace "It doesn’t necessarily mean they will always be in Estonia, they may we be back in the UK. "But their command & control and indeed their forward units will most likely be in Estonia where they are now." NATO's military presence in eastern Europe is an important part of the alliance's defence and deterrence posture. Their presence in the area has been enhanced in recent years through the establishment of battlegroups in Bulgaria, Estonia, Latvia, Slovakia, Hungary, Lithuania, Poland and Romania.   DON'T MISS:Russia has ‘strategically lost’ war, says head of UK forces [ANALYSIS]Ukrainian-born Kudla speaks on Wimbledon Russia ban and points strip [SPOTLIGHT]'Crimea is our goal' Zelensky sets sights on turnaround [LATEST] Extra ships, planes and troops have also been sent to support defence efforts from the Black Sea up to the Baltic. NATO began building up their military facilities in the east in response to Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Allied states voted to enhance NATO's forward presence at the Warsaw 2016 NATO summit and multinational battlegroups in Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland were established in 2017. Following the invasion of Ukraine in February, extra battlegroups were set up in Bulgaria, Hungary, Romania and Slovakia. 