Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have arrived in the UK to join the celebrations for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. They have brought their two children, Archie, three, and Lilibet, one, back to the UK to join the celebrations as a family. Could we see some new pictures of Lilibet Diana this weekend? Meghan and Prince Harry have already been spotted at Buckingham Palace on Thursday, watching the Trooping the Colour procession yesterday. They were seen talking with some of the younger members of the family, but they were not pictured with their two children. Today the couple stepped out for the service of Thanksgiving for the Queen, which the monarch reluctantly pulled out of. But Archie and Lilibet were also left out of proceedings, leading many royal fans to wonder if they will be able to catch a glimpse of the pair at all this weekend. READ MORE: Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie wow in deep contrasting colours today The only photo we have seen of Lilibet so far was published by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex at Christmas. It was taken at their home in Montecito, California for the holiday season by photographer Alexi Lubormirski. The adorable family portrait sees Meghan holding her daughter aloft, with her husband and son both looking lovingly at Meghan and Lilibet. The couple have carefully kept their children away from the spotlight since their move to America, with Archie only being pictured a handful of times prior to their move. They have occasionally released footage of Archie, such as during their landmark interview with Oprah Winfrey, but they have not followed royal tradition by publishing birthday photos. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have regularly posted photos of their three children, and always publish a new official portrait on their birthdays. They also post family portraits, especially at Christmas or on one of their own birthdays. DON'T MISSHarry and Meghan get BOOED as they arrive at St Paul's [REPORT]Kate and Meghan involved in awkward reunion at Queen service [INSIGHT]Queen given favourite tipple before bed after Jubilee [REPORT] It’s very unlikely we will get to see the young pair, at least in an official capacity, across the Jubilee weekend. Archie and Lilibet did not attend the service of Thanksgiving for the Queen today, with he Duke and Duchess of Sussex walking in together hand in hand. Even if the pair are not involved in official proceedings, they are sure to have a busy weekend meeting members of the Royal Family - in particular Lilibet who had not met the Queen in person before. Lilibet will also celebrate her first birthday this Saturday, making for a busy weekend for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Some royal experts believe a photo may be published of the young royal this weekend. Kinsey Schofield, founder of the To Di For Daily website and podcast, told Express.co.uk: "Yes, I believe we will see a photo of the Queen and Lili. "Even if it’s a photo from behind or her face is shielded by a bouquet of flowers on a table. I think we will see something."