Rumours surrounding the health of Russian President Vladimir Putin have intensified in recent weeks. An unnamed oligarch with close ties to the leader was recorded claiming Putin was “very ill with blood cancer”, and reputable sources have said he underwent life-saving surgery in April. Now, a senior US intelligence officer has been reported claiming the Russian leader could be near the end of his life, with potential replacements lining up to fill the void. The claims, first published in Newsweek, add fuel to speculation that a member of the close-knit group surrounding the President could soon take the helm. According to the report, three US intelligence leaders have seen a classified report which states Putin underwent treatment for “advanced cancer” in April. The high-ranking officials, who represent three separate intelligence agencies, said there was an understanding that Putin will not be in his position for much longer. READ MORE: Putin given bleak warning as Russian tanks blown up one-by-one  One said: “Putin's grip is strong but no longer absolute. "The jockeying inside the Kremlin has never been more intense during his rule, everyone sensing that the end is near." The officials, all of whom have remained anonymous, told Newsweek that Putin’s isolation makes it difficult to verify the claims, but said they “know is that there is an iceberg out there, albeit one covered in fog”. One, from the office of the Director of National Intelligence, said: “Putin is definitely sick…whether he’s going to die soon is mere speculation.”  Another, a retired Air Force officer, said: “Is Putin sick? Absolutely. “But we shouldn’t let waiting for his death drive proactive actions on our part. A power vacuum after Putin could be very dangerous for the world.” The third official, from the Defense Intelligence Agency, added: “He’s still dangerous, and chaos does lie ahead if he does die. We need to focus on that. Be ready” Exactly what illness is ailing the longstanding ruler has garnered widespread speculation, with rumours ranging from cancer to dementia. Last month, a former British spy – Christopher Steele, who ran the Russia desk at MI6 in London between 2006 and 2009 and worked there in the 1990s – said there was little doubt that some illness was at play, forming “an element” of the brutal war in Ukraine.  He told Sky News: "Certainly, from what we're hearing from sources in Russia and elsewhere, is that Putin is, in fact, quite seriously ill. "It's not clear exactly what this illness is – whether it's incurable or terminal, or whatever. But certainly, I think it's part of the equation." Shortly after these statements were published, an unnamed oligarch with close ties to Putin was recorded discussing Putin’s health with a Western venture capitalist. The recording was obtained by New Lines, a US magazine, and allegedly revealed the oligarch saying Purin was “very ill with blood cancer”.   He reportedly added that Putin had “gone crazy” amid the war in Ukraine, adding that there was there is deep frustration in Moscow about the state of the economy. Appearing to speak on behalf of other oligarchs, he said “we all hope” that Putin dies soon. The source said: “He absolutely ruined Russia’s economy, Ukraine’s economy and many other economies — ruined [them] absolutely. “The problem is with his head. One crazy guy can turn the world upside down.” 