Former Tottenham midfielder Jamie O’Hara has admitted that he would be “absolutely gutted” if Arsenal complete the signing of Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus, and hopes the Gunners' move for the Brazil international falls through. Jesus has moved down the pecking order following the arrival of Erling Haaland this summer and is expected to leave the Etihad, with Arsenal thought to be the frontrunners for his signature and Spurs another club keen. O’Hara, who broke through at Spurs and made 34 appearances for the club before joining Wolves in 2011, hopes that their north London rivals are unable to complete a move for the Brazilian forward. “If Arsenal get him [Jesus] I would be absolutely gutted,” O’Hara told Sky Sports News. “Because that is 100 per cent a player that would take them to a new level. “Their strikeforce hasn’t been good enough recently and Jesus would be a huge signing for them. Hopefully it falls flat on its face and it doesn’t get done.” City will reportedly demand a fee of around £55million for Jesus, which could be a stumbling block as the Gunners are also eyeing moves for Leeds winger Raphinha and Leicester midfielder Youri Tielemans. In April, City boss Pep Guardiola admitted he was unsure whether Jesus’ long-term future was at the club. “I want to tell you something, Gabriel is our player," the Spaniard said. "I don’t know what is going to happen but he is a Manchester City player. Maybe at the end of the season he says, ‘No I don’t want to sign the contract’, [or] we convince him to stay, maybe he decides, ‘I want more minutes, I want to leave’. Nobody knows. “What we have done this season we have done with Gabriel, Gabriel is one of the best. But every player is happy here when they play all the time 90 minutes every game." Tottenham have also been linked with a move for Jesus, but Arsenal’s ability to offer the Brazil international the role of their first-choice striker may sway the 25-year-old. Spurs have already completed the signings of Yves Bissouma, Ivan Perisic and Fraser Forster, prompting O’Hara to declare that his former side have already won the transfer window. “We’ve won the transfer window we have,” O’Hara said. “That’s the first trophy we’ve had in 15 years. I think Antonio Conte is the best manager we have ever had in the Premier League, we are so lucky to have him. He has done unbelievably well to get us Champions League football from out of nowhere really. “If you watched Jurgen Klopp and what he did at Liverpool, it took three or four seasons before he had that unbelievable side where all of a sudden they started dominating. If we can keep Conte happy and the recruitment is absolutely bang on with the players we need in specific areas, we can become like that Liverpool side. "I am not saying we will achieve what Liverpool have achieved but it could create a team with that manager which would be a real force in the Premier League.”