The boxing ring almost saw a repeat of Mike Tyson vs Evander Holyfield II this weekend when undefeated prospect Edgar Berlanga attempted to bite off Roamer Alexis Angulo’s ear. During the bout at New York's Madison Square Garden, Berlanga sunk his teeth into the neck of Angulo before trying to do the same to his ear. Luckily Berlanga was wearing a mouthguard and no serious injuries took place as a result of the biting. “He was throwing elbows. I was about to do a Mike Tyson on him,” Berlanga said post-fight. “He kept throwing his elbows, and I didn’t want to get cut.” The moment, caught by ESPN television cameras, was reminiscent of the bizarre moment in Holyfield and Tyson’s rematch when ‘Iron Mike’ bit off a part of his adversary’s ear. Berlanga, now 20-0, was clearly frustrated during the contest as he chased his seventeenth stoppage victory to no avail. Taking to Twitter the New York boxer apologized for his lack of discipline. “I want to apologize for my actions and what I said yesterday about the Mike Tyson bite,” Berlanga wrote in one of two Tweets released Sunday afternoon. “I was in the moment, and I got a little ahead of myself. It doesn’t take away from the embarrassment that I have caused upon myself, my team, [Top Rank], and many others.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Daniel Dubois has three next fight options after stopping Trevor Bryan Tyson still has serious power as coach shows extent of training injury Dubois calls out Whyte and fellow heavyweight titan after KO win Despite the incident, no actions were taken as Berlanga went on to win the contest via unanimous decision with scorecards of 98-92,99-91 and 99-91, as he retained his NABO super middleweight title in the process. When Tyson bit Holyfield he was disqualified for biting on two occasions and temporarily lost his boxing license as a result of his conduct. Many fans were shocked to see that Berlanga was not at least docked a point for his actions and there were audible boos after the fight despite Berlanga being the home fighter. When asked about the incident in the post-fight press conference, Angulo said: “At the end of the day he tried to take a chunk out of my ear and that wasn’t it. He tried to hit me low, hit me on the thigh. “You know, it took something out of me where I didn’t even want to get close to him in the end because he’s the local fighter and you know when you’re fighting in your opponent’s hometown then certain infractions are all of a sudden, not infractions. So, I just knew what I was up against.”