At the Platinum Party at the Palace, held in her honour, he said that the “outpouring of warmth and affection over this whole Jubilee weekend” was the world’s way of thanking her for her reign. “You have met us and talked with us,” Charles said. “You laugh and cry with us and, most importantly, you have been there for us, for these 70 years.” The Prince of Wales took to the stage in front of Buckingham Palace and a 22,000-strong audience during a concert featuring stars such as Diana Ross, Sir Rod Stewart and George Ezra. Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall, Prince William and Kate with Prince George and Princess Charlotte, Princess Anne and husband Sir Tim Laurence, and Prince Edward and wife Sophie and their children were among 30 royals in the Royal Box. Others included Princess Beatrice and Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank, Peter Phillips and his children, and Zara and Mike Tindall. But Harry and Meghan, whose daughter Lilibet celebrated her first birthday yesterday, did not attend. Charles’s warm speech to the 96-year-old monarch corresponded to images of key moments from her reign, chosen by him and projected on to Buckingham Palace. These included the carriage ride down The Mall when Nelson Mandela made a State visit in 1996, and the Queen and former Deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland Martin McGuinness shaking hands in June 2012. Charles also reflected on more personal moments, including the Coronation, where aged four and the same age as his grandson Prince Louis is now, Charles watched his mother crowned as Queen. Opening his speech with the words “Your Majesty, Mummy,” he went on: “On behalf of us all, I wanted to pay my own tribute to your lifetime of selfless service. “Your family now spans four generations. You are our Head of State. And you are also our mother.”  He also remembered Prince Philip and his mother in their younger days and said that the Duke of Edinburgh, “your strength and stay”, is much missed. But he said he was sure Philip, who died aged 99 in April last year, was “here in spirit”, adding: “My Papa would have enjoyed the show and joined us wholeheartedly in celebrating all you continue to do for your country and your people.” He recalled the countless state occasions the Queen attended and red boxes filled with Government papers she has read, the leaders she has met and how she has made the Commonwealth a “force for good”. And he made a light-hearted remark about his mother’s life-long love of horses, joking that next year she may finally celebrate a Derby win. The Queen, who was unable to attend because of ­“episodic mobility problems”, didn’t have a horse in the race. He added: “But I know what really gets my mother up in the morning is all of you – watching at home; represented here tonight in this great audience.” He then referenced the Queen’s “We will meet again” speech during the first lockdown in April 2020, in which she acknowledged the grief and financial ­hardships Britons faced and promised the nation that better days lay ahead. He said: “Your Majesty, you have been with us in our difficult times.” To images of her handing the World Cup to England captain Bobby Moore, he then added: “And you bring us together to ­celebrate moments of pride, joy and happiness.”  He then used pictures and video of the Queen meeting people from around the world, saying: “You pledged to serve your whole life – you continue to deliver. That is why we are here. That is what we celebrate tonight. These pictures on your house are the story of your life – and ours. So, Your Majesty, that is why we all say ‘thank you’.” He ended the speech by leading a hearty three cheers for the Queen. Prince William also made a speech praising his grandmother for giving him ­optimism that the climate emergency will be tackled. He appeared earlier, during the Our Green Planet section, which reflected on the beauty and power of the natural world, and the pioneering work of environmentalists including Prince Philip and Charles. It opened with pre-recorded words from Sir David Attenborough and archive audio of the Queen speaking about the future of the planet and how there was hope if people came together.  William said: “Today, in 2022 – as the Queen celebrates her Platinum Jubilee – the pressing need to protect and restore our planet has never been more urgent. But, like her, I am an optimist. “Decades of making the case for taking better care of our world has meant that environmental issues are now at the top of the global agenda. “It’s my firm hope that my grandmother’s words are as true in 70 years’ time as they are tonight, that as nations we come together in ­common cause, because then there is always room for hope. “Tonight has been full of such optimism and joy – and there is hope.  “Together, if we harness the very best of humankind, and restore our planet, we will protect it for our children, for our grandchildren and for future generations to come. “They will be able to say, with pride at what’s been achieved, What a Wonderful World.” The Prince was referencing the Louis Armstrong hit, performed in last night’s concert by Not Your Muse singer Celeste and film score composer Hans Zimmer. The concert was opened by Queen + Adam Lambert, while Diana Ross closed the show, which included a ­specially recorded performance from Sir Elton John. Tennis player Emma Raducanu, ex-­footballer David Beckham, comedian and writer Stephen Fry and actress Dame Julie Andrews also featured. Ahead of his performance, during which he sang “I’m up in Space Ma’am”, Eurovision star Sam Ryder praised the Queen’s selfless service. He said: “It’s breathtaking. The way that she carries herself, it reminds us that strength can be gentle. “I think that’s so important, to me all the time. To carry yourself in a way where you’re bringing so many people together in unity and solidarity but doing it with such a subtle kindness.” Disco legend Nile Rodgers said he was expecting an “incredibly festive” atmosphere. “I’ve been playing in the UK since the early 1970s...I don’t think I’ve ever seen the country this happy and decorated.”  It was a party fit for a queen. Even surprised guests George and Charlotte could not hide their delight as they waved their Union Jack flags while thousands packed into The Mall rocked to the Jubilee concert last night. The Queen brought the house down at her own Platinum Jubilee party when she was joined for a cream tea by a national treasure - Paddington Bear - and her short film that was kept under wraps before being released last night. The Queen known for her love of jokes, had famously made an appearance with James Bond for the 2012 Olympic opening ceremony. The Paddington sketch ran seamlessly into the music opener by Queen and Adam Lambert, with legendary guitarist Brian May appearing on a platform that raised from the ground through the first Number We Will Rock You. The young royals were sat in front of royal box between her parents and Charlotte clapped along with Kate and then Charlotte and George waved their flags along to the song We Are the Champions. Also in the Royal Box along with members of the Royal Family were Boris Johnson, his wife Carrie, and Labour leader Keir Starmer and wife Victoria.  In front of the PM, comedian Lee Mack told the audience: “Finally we can say the words ‘party’ and ‘gate’ and it’s a positive” which drew cheers and laughs from the crowd. Mack then replicated former Queen frontman Freddie Mercury’s “Ay-Oh” chant with the crowd, prompting laughs from the Duke of Cambridge and George and Charlotte. Elbow performed One Day Like This alongside the Citizens of the World Choir and their performance saw those in the crowds swaying their arms and waving Union flags. Ashley Banjo and his dance troupe Diversity performed using a number of British songs popular throughout the Queen’s reign. Moving from the sixties to the songs of today, the group danced to The Beatles’ She Loves You, the Bee Gees’ Night Fever and David Bowie’s Let’s Dance. They then danced to the Spice Girls’ Spice Up Your Life, One Direction’s What Makes You Beautiful and Stormzy’s Big For Your Boots. They finished the performance by hailing the music of the country. Rapper and singer Craig David opened his set by congratulating the Queen. “Congratulations to Her Majesty the Queen for her 70 years of service,” he said. He then performed his songs Ain’t Giving Up, Re-Rewind and Fill Me In.  Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber, who put together a selection of musical theatre shows featuring stars including Lin-Manuel Mirandahas, said it is “almost impossible to put into words” everything the Queen has done for the UK. Introducing five hit musical performances including Hamilton, Six, The Lion King and Phantom of the Opera, he said: “Your Majesty, your reign has outrun any theatre in history, an extraordinary achievement.” Speaking backstage, Lord Lloyd-Webber said: “The thing about the Queen is that she is most extraordinary in her sense of duty, everything that she has done for our nation, and to try and harmonise everybody and bring everybody together is almost impossible to put into words. “I think maybe young people don’t understand the sense of duty which she has, which is just really utterly extraordinary. “And she will never, ever do anything where she puts herself before duty.”  George Ezra, 28, added he felt “very flattered” to be among the line-up, and the event will rank in his career highlights alongside playing the main stage at Glastonbury. The singer said: “I was watching the other day a clip that kind of showed every prime minister that she has worked with, and this is my ignorance, but I just hadn’t realised how far back it was. “And then when we think about the fact that this is the 70th Jubilee, that’s unbelievable because of course in my life, she will have always been the monarch. “I think it’s admirable, I think it’s mind-blowing actually.” 