Chris Gascoyne is behind the iconic character of Peter Barlow, Ken Barlow's (played by William Roache) recovering alcoholic son. The ITV soap has seen Peter go through divorce, affairs, addiction, murder investigations and plenty more. His love life has often been turbulent but Peter has finally settled down with the love of his life Carla Connor (Alison King). WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Coronation Street.Peter has five marriages under his belt so he has been no stranger to romance over the years. His ex-wives have been Jessica Midgeley (Christina Barryk), Shelley Unwin (Sally Lindsay), Lucy Richards (Katy Carmichael), Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) and Carla. Peter was married to Carla in December 2013 but he was having an affair with Tina McIntyre (Michelle Keegan) which quickly led to the end of their relationship. In recent years, they have managed to work through their issues and tied the knot for the second time in 2021. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret Coronation Street actor Chris Gascoyne is married to fellow actress Caroline Harding. They have been married for 20 years and have 18-year-old daughter Belle together. She also has two sons, Pip and Freddie, who she shares with her ex-husband Line of Duty and McDonald and Dodds actor Jason Watkins. They first met during a Catherine Tate gig at London's Comedy Store in 2000. Catherine was their mutual friend who reportedly gave Chris Caroline's number after the show. Chris told Mirror Online that he never would have predicted falling for someone like Caroline. "If someone had said to me in my 20s that I'd have dated a divorced mum with kids, I would have said no way", he said. "But it kind of made me feel closer to her. It was a very real relationship very quickly. "I saw this amazing strength in her and I loved her kids Freddie and Pip." The family resides in Manchester, close to the set of Coronation Street. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street’s Tracie Bennett asks for help amid painful injury [CAST]Coronation Street theory: Baby bombshell as Phill's ex arrives [THEORY]Katie McGlynn details ‘bittersweet’ moment she landed Corrie role [EXPLAINER] Caroline is no stranger to the small screen though, having appeared in multiple roles in shows over the years. She has been five different characters in Emmerdale, three in Doctors and two in Holby City. Caroline has popped up twice in Coronation as well, previously playing Hope Stape's (Isabella Flanagan) doctor. She then returned as a doctor but this time she was treating Oliver Battersby and told the court it would be an act of kindness to switch off his life support. As of late, Peter has been butting heads with Dr Henry Thorne (Dominic Mafham) who made a bet on how quickly he could perform his liver transplant. Peter has been determined to make him leave the profession for good but with Thorne's powerful connections, it has been a struggle. In the next episode, Peter is going to lose his rag yet again and angrily confront him. Coronation Street is available to watch on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.