Dan Walker, 45, said he is “embarrassed” by his large salary at a time where so many people across the country are “struggling to put food on the table”. While working as a BBC Breakfast presenter, Dan took home a salary of £295,000, making him the highest paid member of the team. Dan’s move to Channel 5 is understood to have come with a bumper pay rise which is estimated to be around £1.5million, according to reports.Nevertheless, the former Strictly Come Dancing star says his high earnings make him feel uneasy.Dan said: “I hate talking about money. I feel uncomfortable that I get paid a lot to do a job I love.“I remember the first day a national newspaper published what I earned on the front page. That was awful. READ MORE:Donny Osmond warned ‘don’t come back’ after breaking on-stage rule “I am embarrassed by the amount I earn.  “My parents had no money growing up. All my clothes were hand-me-downs.  “At a time when people are struggling to put food on the table, it's horrible to have your salary on the front page,” he added to the Daily Mail's Weekend magazine.Dan bid farewell to his BBC Breakfast colleagues last month after six years on the programme. It was recently confirmed that Dan will be back on viewers’ screens this Monday when he finally joins the Channel 5 team.He will be a main anchor on 5 News and will also front a range of non-news programmes for the channel.He confirmed his arrival in a tweet to his 760,000 followers.In a video alongside co-host Claudia-Liza Vanderpuije, Dan exclaimed: “It is great to be joining Channel 5. DON'T MISSTom Hanks, 65, sparks concern amongst fans with 'very thin' frame[PICTURES]Carol Kirkwood's blunt reply to BBC shake-up claims[INSIGHT]Amanda Holden, 51, marks Queen’s Platinum Jubilee in UK flag gown[LATEST] "News is never about who sits in the chair, it's the stories that matter most from a team you can trust!"He added the caption: “Here we go. See you next Monday at 5, on 5.”As far as BBC Breakfast is concerned, Dan’s replacement has still not been announced.Since his departure from the daily show, Jon Kay has temporarily stepped in to host the show alongside Sally Nugent. Dan previously shared his thoughts on the new dynamic by retweeting a post from his former co-star Sally.The presenter shared a snap of herself and Jon on the famous red sofa.Dan then reshared the tweet and wrote: “The future right there,” along with a fingers crossed emoji. Watch Dan on 5 News from 5pm on Monday.