In 2014, Kensi Blye star Daniela married her husband Dave, the older brother and stunt double of her long-running NCIS co-star, Eric Christian Olsen. While fans are used to seeing NCIS: Los Angeles agents Kensi and Marty Deeks’ (Olsen) married life, the star of the hit CBS drama took to Instagram with a rare look at her own life away from the screen. Daniela posted a sweet snap of herself and husband Dave on their wedding day on Monday to celebrate their anniversary. The caption confirmed the couple had been married for eight years since they tied the knot in 2014. “Eight years married to my soulmate,” she wrote, adding wedding rings around the date, 19/06/2014. The NCIS star also announced the news in her latest Instagram Story, in which she also celebrated Pride Month, Juneteenth and Father’s Day. READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint “On a personal note, my husband and I are celebrating eight years of marriage!” she sang to her 1.1 million followers. Down in the comments for her touching black and white wedding photo, a number of fans replied with tributes and love hearts to celebrate the occasion. Daniela’s actress friend Christiane Seidel replied: “Can’t believe it’s been eight years. Happy anniversary." Her stunt double Kimberly Shannon Murphy said: “Happy Anniversary!! Love you!!!” @2120somichiganavenue commented: “Oh that man knows how to nuzzle!! Two sweethearts and amazing parents.” “What a beautiful photo!” fan page @bestofncisla exclaimed. “Happy anniversary! And to many many more years to come.” @ncislafan_ wrote: “Happy anniversary!! You guys are perfect together, I love the photo, and I wish you both the best for the future. “And happy Father’s Day to David, you both treat your kids amazingly, I hope you’ve both had a wonderful day.” DON'T MISS:Outlander’s Sam Heughan admits filming is ‘troublesome’ [INTERVIEW]The Boys’ Jessie T Usher teases major change to A-Train [EXCLUSIVE]SEAL Team season 6: Fans in meltdown after first-look revealed [LATEST] While @kathyfink65 said: “Happy Anniversary to a beautiful, talented couple David and Dani and their beautiful children. Love and happiness always.” Daniela and Dave married in June 2014 at the NCIS: LA star’s family home in Portugal. During her appearance on the Queen Latifah Show, Daniela confirmed the pair didn’t start hitting it off until her co-star Eric began setting them up. “Eric kind of tended to invite me to every place he knew his brother would be,” she said. "I guess he got to know my taste when he joined the show because I'm not shy about what I appreciate in a man.” The couple have two children, son River, born in 2013, and a daughter, Sierra, born in 2016. They are currently taking a well-earned break from the long-running CBS spin-off, before the network’s regular NCIS schedule gets underway after the summer. NCIS Los Angeles season 14 will premiere on CBS in the USA later this year. Season 13 continues Sundays on Sky Max and NOW in the UK.