Netflix’s hit sci-fi series Stranger Things got darker this year with a new batch of spine-tingling episodes paying tribute to the Nightmare on Elm Street franchise. The show also features a new bunch of characters as the story expanded out with interweaving storylines. Among the new faces was Chrissy Cunningham (played by Grace Van Dien) - here’s everything you need to know about the character and the actress. Chrissy met a tragic end after she became one of Vecna’s (Jamie Campbell Bower) new victims in Stranger Things. Vecna was tormenting Chrissy with disturbing visions before he finally came for her in Eddie Munson’s (Joseph Quinn) trailer when she visited him for drugs. Before Chrissy’s untimely death, she shared a sweet moment with the Hellfire Club’s leader Eddie as they bonded. Chrissy was a cheerleader, dating basketball jock Jason Carver (Mason Dye) and the young couple were deeply in love. READ MORE: Stranger Things author drops hint at prequel spin-off She was teen prom queen material but Vecna put an end to all of this when he murdered her. Her casting in Stranger Things was announced back in 2021 with the show’s official Twitter account teasing her character. The post featured an upside-down headshot of the actress and the caption read: “Grace Van Dien aka Chrissy: Hawkins’ High lead cheerleader and the most popular girl in school. But beneath the seemingly perfect surface lies a dark secret.” American actress Van Dien is no stranger to screens and had many roles before landing Stranger Things. READ MORE: Stranger Things: Did the experiments on Eleven happen in real life? The actress, 25, and director hails from California and is known for TV series The Village and the movie Charlie Says in which she played Manson Family murder victim Sharon Tate. Her other roles include Greenhouse Academy, White Famous, What Just Happened??!, and Immortal Compass. She has also had roles in the movies The Binge, Riding Faith, Lady Driver, and Awaken the Shadowman. According to IMDb, Van Dien will next be featured in V for Vengeance, Aaah! Roach!, and Julius Caesar Live Read! which are all in post-production. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 theory: Does Nancy die in stranger things? She is the daughter of Starship Troopers actor Casper Van Dien and actress Carrie Mitchum, and made her acting debut in a Starship Troopers video game. Speaking to VAR magazine previously, she said: “I didn’t start being active with my acting until I was graduated from highschool for about a year. “I wanted to be a writer my whole life and occasionally my dad would throw me in some of his projects for fun but it wasn’t until we worked together on Sleeping Beauty that I discovered how much I love acting.” She told People how her father was fine with not wanting to be part of the entertainment industry, saying she was “very shy”. DON'T MISS...Stranger Things plot hole: How did Kali survive the lab massacre? [ANALYSIS]Stranger Things: Who is Tammy Thompson in Stranger Things? [INSIGHT]Stranger Things: Is Dr Brenner really Eleven's dad? [EXPLAINER] The rising star added to the publication: "When I was showing interest in it he just taught me, if ever something bad happened, to come to him and he’ll handle it. Hasn’t happened yet." Van Dien has modelled in the past, describing it as “movement”, whereas acting is “emotional” and about becoming a character. She is also a fan of the video game Valorant, which has a large global fanbase. The star has been sharing some behind-the-snaps in her Stranger Things costume with her posts racking up thousands of likes on the platform.  Stranger Things season 4, volume 2 will be released on Netflix on July 1