Sharon Osbourne announced on The Talk on Wednesday evening that Ozzy Osbourne is set to have the operation on Monday. She told the panel she would be flying to America on Thursday to be by her 73-year-old husband's side. The Black Sabbath rocker's surgery falls shortly before the couple's 40th wedding anniversary.  During the TalkTV show, panellist Vanessa Feltz asked if Sharon was moving back to Los Angeles and added: "I'm sorry to hear that Ozzy has a big operation coming up as well." Sharon confirmed her husband of 39 years has a "very major operation" on Monday. The former X Factor judge added: "I have to be there and it's really going to determine the rest of his life. "My son is also going to have a daughter in about three weeks, and also it's our 40th wedding anniversary and July 1." READ MORE: Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes' The hosts clapped Sharon on the news of her ruby wedding anniversary with her rocker husband and wondered if she had anything planned to mark the occasion. Sharon admitted she was not sure if she could have a get together as it would depend on "everything with Ozzy" following his surgery. It is understood Ozzy is dealing with vertebrae problems and is waiting to have neck surgery. Vanessa added: "So you're feeling nervous, excited, all emotions at once?"  Sharon replied: "Yeah, plus I have nine little dogs who miss me terribly." However, Sharon assured the panel she would "not be going anywhere" and will appear on the TalkTV programme live from the US. "You can't get rid of me now," Sharon exclaimed to Vanessa. "The funny thing was I spoke to Ozzy today and he asked if I'd been fired yet and I said, 'No' and he said, 'This is a record.'" DON'T MISS...Prince Harry ‘must regret’ actions after Queen’s Jubilee [ROYALS]Prince Harry and Meghan send 'huge signal' about future UK visits [LATEST]Sharon Osbourne blasts Republicans asserting royals 'will' remain [INTERVIEW] The panel chuckled before Sharon confirmed she would be back in the studio next month. Vanessa said: "So lots of planning to do, lots of worrying and lots of everything going on in your life, as usual, as we have come to expect really." Sharon confirmed she was flying to the US on Thursday morning to be by Ozzy's side. Vanessa added: "Well, have a safe flight and you will be missed enormously."  Ozzy has suffered a series of health issues since he crashed his ATV while joyriding around his estate on the outskirts of London in 2003. In an interview with LouderSound, Ozzy said of his upcoming surgery: “I’m just waiting on some more surgery on my neck. "I can’t walk properly these days. I have physical therapy every morning. I am somewhat better, but nowhere near as much as I want to be to go back on the road.” The Talk airs weeknights at 9pm on TalkTV. 