Clare Balding opened up about her relationship with her wife Alice Arnold, whom she married in 2015, nine years after they entered a civil partnership. The BBC broadcaster has detailed in an unearthed interview, the couple's decision to forego making baby plans. The 51-year-old explained that while she loves children the plan for the couple to have a baby of their own is not on the horizon. The broadcaster explained she often visits and speaks to children at schools. The children's author admitted that while she does not have any kids, she enjoys spending time with them through her work. When quizzed about the couple having a baby, she remarked: “God no! READ MORE: Piers Morgan sparks divide - 'Brexit making British lives difficult' “That’s why I like children so much because I don’t have any." She continued to The Sunday Post: "But I’m really happy to go and spend time with them. "I go to a lot of schools and I talk to a lot of kids." The presenter added: "I talk about giving yourself permission to fail, to try different things, to have a spirit of adventure, and to celebrate difference.”  The TV star also opened up about her relationship and how the couple like to spend time together. Speaking to the same publication, she said: “We walk together a lot, especially with our Tibetan Terrier dog Archie, who’s 14. And we play golf together. "Alice is better than me, she’s a proper golfer, she plays off nine, I’m 23.” In April 2015, she married her long-term partner Alice in a private ceremony. DON'T MISS... Christie Brinkley, 68, leaves fans speechless in tiny bikini[LATEST]Holly Willoughby stuns in pink at Royal Ascot[PICTURES]Rod Stewart's wife Penny stuns as she attends Ascot without rocker[ASCOT] Clare and Alice met back in 1999 when both were at BBC and the women were friends before becoming romantically involved. The Hampshire-born star previously addressed why her ring was missing when she presented Olympic Games. Eagle-eyed viewers noticed Clare was not wearing her wedding ring while presenting coverage of the Rio de Janiero Olympics in Brazil in 2016. Fans were left wondering about the status of the TV star’s relationship but soon all was revealed when her wife Alice explained that Clare was advised not to travel with her ring in case it got lost abroad. At the time, she wrote on her Twitter account: "I'm amazed how many have noticed @clarebalding is not wearing her wedding ring..don't worry..it's safely at home with me..." Alice later added that the pair felt it was "unwise" to wear "irreplaceable" jewellery to the event. Clare, who came out as a lesbian in 2003, has previously revealed she hid her sexuality for almost 10 years because she was worried she may be "discriminated against" and it would potentially damage her career. Writing about it she said: "The fear of how you imagine people will react to you speaking out is often much worse than the reality. Most people were really kind and supportive." 