Her Majesty should not be expected at the Ascot racecourse later today, a royal expert said. The Queen has yet to attend in person Royal Ascot this year, despite it being one of the most beloved events in her diary. Royal editor Rebecca English wrote on Twitter: "The Queen won’t be attending #RoyalAscot again today - but I’m expecting some glamour in the carriage procession." Her absence comes as racegoers are facing the hottest day of the year, with temperatures expected to go over 30C° in southern England. The NHS has declared a Level Three heat health watch alert as forecasters warned temperatures will raise even further than yesterday. According to the warning, people should try to stay cool and, particularly those at risk, should remain out of direct sunlight between the central hours of the day, from 11am to 3pm. Ascot Racecourse, famous for its tight formal dress code, relaxed its rules ahead of the arrival of guests today. A tweet by the organisers read: "Due to forecast high temperatures tomorrow, following the arrival of the Royal Procession the dress code will be relaxed in all Enclosures." A few hours before the arrivals of members of the Royal Family, the racecourse shared a new tweet, stressing the formal dress code should remain in place until the end of the carriage procession. The tweet read: "Update: The Dress Code for your Enclosure still applies for entry to Royal Ascot today. READ MORE: Eugenie and Beatrice 'stuck to their seats' to prevent Harry photo-op "Following the Royal Procession, hats and jackets will be permitted to be removed due to the high temperatures expected." Today's absence means the Queen only has one chance left to attend the races in person, as tomorrow will be the final day of Ascot. In past years, the monarch would attend Ascot every day alongside her family and fellow horse racing fans. Last year, however, she only headed to the racecourse on its final day of races. The monarch has been experiencing episodic mobility issues since last autumn, which have forced her to pull out of a number of visits outside her residence. Among the key event, she missed, the Queen could not attend in person the evening reception at COP26 in Glasgow last November. In lieu of her absence, the sovereign sent a video message, and was represented by her son and heir Prince Charles. Similarly, due to a sprained back, she missed the national service of remembrance at the Cenotaph a few days later. Earlier this year, the Queen was once again represented by her son in March, when she missed the Commonwealth Day service. Two months later, Prince Charles delivered for the first time the Queen's Speech during the State Opening of Parliament. The Queen did step out on three occasions during the extended Platinum Jubilee bank holiday earlier this month. The monarch was last seen in public on June 5, when she was accompanied on the balcony of Buckingham Palace by her three heirs - Prince George, Prince William and Prince Charles - the Duchesses of Cornwall and Cambridge and Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. On Monday, she missed the service of the Order of the Garter at St George's Chapel in Windsor, but was at the investiture in the Windsor Castle Throne Room held a few hours prior. To mark the appointment as Lady of the Garter of Camilla, the Queen - who is the sovereign of the Garter, posed for a picture while standing between the Duchess and Prince Charles. In the snap, the monarch donned a beautiful gown paired with a silver handbag and shoes. She supported herself with a walking stick.