Denise Van Outen, 48, called it quits with commodities trader Eddie Boxshall in January after it was reported he had sent flirty text messages to other women. Though the presenter felt their split was for the best, she has since revealed being left so traumatised that she barely knew how she would get through the week. "I couldn’t breathe... I felt like someone was sitting on my chest, literally could not breathe," she recalled. "You get that knot in your stomach, and it won't go, and you’re like, 'When will this feeling leave me?'" The Dancing On Ice star admitted that she felt under pressure to soldier on due to her presence in the public eye. Despite feeling that she "couldn't function", she was able to keep up appearances. READ NOW: Deborah James answers critics after ‘uncalled for’ Meghan Markle jibe However, she was left bereft, as she admitted to showbiz pal Fearne Cotton on her podcast Happy Place. "[There were] nights of just sitting there on the patio at three or four o'clock in the morning feeling drained and empty," she confided. "[I was] thinking 'I don’t know how I’m going to get through the next week because I feel so broken'. it’s horrible." She added: "It doesn't matter who you are or where you are, it hurts just as deep.'" Denise also confessed during the podcast that, in a bid to heal, she is trying therapy for the first time in her life. She had been with Eddie for most of her 40s after they first got together seven years ago, and adapting to life without him has involved making some adjustments. In her book, A Bit Of Me: From Basildon to Broadway and Back, she told of how she had caught Eddie red-handed sending sexual messages to other women. He has since publicly admitted his failings, telling The Sun: "I broke her trust. I'm deeply sorry." DON'T MISS... James Whale throws Lizzie Cundy off TalkTV for blasting Meghan Markle [DEBATE] Tom Hanks's 'loneliness of marriage' laid bare [INSIGHT] Dan Walker makes jibe at Rod Stewart's 'baffling' Jubilee performance [LATEST] Fortunately for Denise, though the episode might have left her traumatised, it didn't dent her "self-respect". In another interview, on Radio 2, she explained: "The one thing I'm really proud of myself for is I do know when to walk away and I don't like to be taken advantage of. "Sometimes it's been to the detriment of my own career or in my own relationships, but I just feel like it's really important as a woman to have self-worth and self-respect." The bad news came after Denise had launched a Yahoo podcast with her beau, called Before We Say I Do. First aired in February 2021, it covered the couple's attempts to experiment with relationship therapy before committing to walking down the aisle. In the first episode, as they underwent psychosexual therapy together, Eddie had asked: "Are you not anxious in case things come out that maybe wasn't a problem [but] that could multiply into a problem?" Denise answered: "I want them to be a problem now and not a problem when we're married." Meanwhile, the TV personality recently displayed her sensational figure in a turquoise bikini during a holiday in Spain over the bank holiday weekend in candid pictures shared online.