Chelsea transfer chiefs have reportedly left Sevilla 'uneasy' over their reluctance to make a serious bid for star defender Jules Kounde - with the Blues yet to make a call to the Andalusian giants over a potential deal. Rumours linking the former Bordeaux star to Stamford Bridge have been awash for around a year given Thomas Tuchel's failed bid to sign the centre-back last summer. The former European champions were in the hunt for the 23-year-old after winning the Champions League, but failed to table a £68million bid that would have activated his release clause. That deal is expected to be even more likely this summer given the departures of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen to Real Madrid and Barcelona respectively, with Tuchel in dire need of defensive reinforcements in west London. But according to MARCA, the Blues have yet to call Sevilla over a potential move, leaving the Spanish giants in the dark over what may be in store for them in the transfer window. The report states that there is an element of 'uneasiness' at Sevilla, despite Chelsea's clear interest. The side from the Ramon Sanchez-Pizjuan know that his agent is attempting to move him out of the club, and as such have made it clear that they would be happy to sell the star. READ MORE: Tottenham on verge of fourth and fifth signings following double transfer breakthrough However, with Chelsea's clear reported interest in other defender targets such as Nathan Ake, Matthijs de Ligt and Kalidou Koulibaly, club officials at Sevilla are baffled as to their abandonment of the Kounde deal. They are now fearful a transfer won't happen, which could severely hamper their plans for next season with the report stating that the sale of their star for a huge fee is 'essential' to their plans going forward. Chelsea's advancement towards other targets has now generated unease amongst director of football Monchi and his team, which could slow down an already restrained Sevilla. Kounde's wish is to join a club bigger than Sevilla this summer, and a deal was already supposed to have been done by now. And as such, their transfer proceedings have been put on halt until Chelsea decide what they are to do next. Monchi detailed the reasons Chelsea missed out on Kounde last year in an interview back in October. READ MOREEverton star Richarlison hints Tottenham transfer imminent with message to distraught fanMan Utd hatch Frenkie de Jong announcement plan as transfer deal enters 'final stages'Tottenham on verge of fourth and fifth signings following double transfer breakthrough “The proposal for Kounde last summer [from Chelsea] was great, the most important we received in our history - but it wasn’t meeting our price tag. Also, we received the bid in an inopportune moment," he told Canal Sur Radio. Chelsea have yet to sign anyone this summer, although a deal for Raheem Sterling is looking likely to happen in the next two weeks. Elsewhere, the club have reportedly agreed a fee for Leeds star Raphinha.