Piers Morgan stormed off the set of Good Morning Britain in March 2021 after he clashed with his ITV co-star Alex Beresford. Piers and Alex had a disagreement over Meghan Markle and Prince Harry’s tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey. However, shortly after the incident on GMB, Piers made the announcement he was leaving the show and has since been replaced by a number of presenters, including Richard Madeley. During Monday's GMB, Richard Madeley and Susanna Reid chatted about Prince Harry's tell-all book which is set to be released in autumn. The hosts discussed the memoir with royal expert Chris Ship, who claimed the book will reveal more details about the Royal Family. Chris went on to add that the Duke of Sussex's book will be more explosive than their TV interview with Oprah Winfrey. However, towards the end of the segment, Richard couldn't resist poking fun at Piers' dramatic storm-off following his clash about Meghan. READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series "Of course, one does wonder if those pictures of that very brief contact between Harry, Meghan and the Royals during the Jubilee weekend," Richard began. "Maybe that will be the last time that even happens with this book coming out that Prince Harry is writing or ghosting or however he's putting it together which is meant to contain explosive stuff that makes the interview with Oprah Winfrey look like a cosy chat." "Well, I mean, we know how controversial that interview with Oprah Winfrey was, not least on this programme," Chris replied. "But yes, the book is due out in autumn (and) it's coming out with lots of other books at that time of year ready for the big Christmas market."  He continued: "And yeah, I mean, it's going to be a big deal. "I think where we are with the book at the moment is they're deciding what to leave in and what to take out. "And I think that's one of the big issues going on between Harry and his publishers at the moment. "But the book is coming, and we'll be talking about that I'm sure on this programme in the autumn." DON'T MISS...Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser [REACTION]Vera's Brenda Blethyn pays tribute to co-star [INSIGHT]Sherwood creator admits filming for BBC series ‘shut down’ [NEWS] "And maybe somebody will walk out, who knows?" the host joked when chatting about what claims will resurface from the book. At the time, Piers' clash with Alex sparked thousands of Ofcom complaints from viewers. The presenter has also been vocal about why he decided to leave his role on GMB. He has also touched upon it on his new TalkTV show, Piers Morgan Uncensored. Ahead of his show's launch, the presenter took a swipe at his exit from the ITV show. “A year ago today, I was forced to leave a job that I loved at the peak of its success for having the audacity to express an honestly held opinion,” Piers told viewers. “Well, this shouldn’t happen in any democracy supposedly built on the principles of free speech and freedom of expression. “So, I am delighted to now be returning to live television with a new primetime show whose main purpose will be to cancel the cancel culture which has affected societies around the world.” Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.