Liverpool hero Robbie Fowler believes Mohamed Salah has made a threat to the Reds amid his contract stand-off. Salah’s current deal expires next summer and he is believed to be pushing for a higher salary to commit his future to the club. And some reports even claim he could be on his way out of Anfield this summer for £60million, with Real Madrid circling. “What salary does a player in the top three in the world command,” Fowler wrote in The Mirror. “He obviously believes it’s more than Liverpool are offering. But if my old club are running complex calculations, then so too is Salah - and it can never be a precise science. I think him saying no matter what happens with his contract, he’ll be at Anfield next year was clearly a threat. “His calculation is that if he gets to leave Liverpool next summer on a free, with his salary and with a big bonus because there’s no fee, he’ll get that level of wages. That can work, often does. “But there’s another calculation, which I’m inclined to believe Liverpool are currently running. Will he still be the same player next summer? Look, he’s been one of the best in the world for a long time now. But since the turn of the year he’s been - by his standards - pretty average.” READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel 'hold talks' with Raheem Sterling   Salah started the last campaign in scintillating form as he bagged 22 goals and 10 assists before Christmas. But as talk around his contract situation intensified, the 30-year-old wasn’t anywhere near as prolific during the second half of the campaign. And Fowler has suggested that Reds chiefs could actually be questioning whether the Egypt international will be able to continue churning out world-class performances in the coming years. DON'T MISS THE LATEST TRANSFER GOSSIPMan Utd board 'in talks' over surprise first signing to kickstart Erik ten Hag eraLeeds 'receive mystery £60m Raphinha bid' from English club as Arsenal and Spurs circleCristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signings      “Can he stay at the summit of world football well into his 30s, or will he begin to fade,” Fowler added. “I have to confess that I’m beginning to believe Liverpool are concerned it will be the latter, otherwise they’d have done more over a new deal. And maybe they’re waiting now to see how he starts next season. “What screams out to me so clearly is they won’t be breaking their wage structure to keep him. If they were prepared to do that, it would have happened by now. But look, I can’t blame Salah for wanting the going rate, just like [Sadio] Mane did. He’s the Premier League Golden Boot winner, he’s the Footballer of the Year and in with a great shout of the Ballon d’Or top three.”  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here