But we need to remember Adam Smith's remark to a complaining correspondent: "There is much ruin in a nation." National prospects are determined by long run forces over which current Government policy has limited control. How much legislation a Government brings in matters little. More important is how it builds up or chips away at underlying property rights by piecemeal regulative and other interventions. Boris Johnson and his Government have so far not done very well in this regard but after getting a majority on his confidence vote he now has a chance to get things back on track.It is good to see that the Government has accepted the urgent need to liberalise regulation. The TIGRR Report of the Task Force under Sir Iain Duncan Smith pointed the way forward; and it is gratifying that Boris Johnson has emphasised the Government's commitment to following its advice. But let us simply note that the rollout of new regulation and free trade will take place over many years, as debate and negotiation unfold. While this is going on, there will be 'disruption' as the old environment is displaced. This is what Remainers have constantly emphasised. But the key point this ignores is that the post-Brexit environment is being built for the long term, not to minimise the short-term change bewailed by the Remain lobby. It is however unfortunate that this Government is making a hash of current economic policy. Business innovation and investment is founded on expected future profit. The planned rise in Corporation Tax from 19 percent to 25 percent will reduce expected profit substantially. The timing could not be worse, when we need confidence in the new post-Brexit economy to be maximised. There is rightly also concern about the latest windfall tax proposal to fund the help to households over the rising costs of food and energy. Windfall taxes are not as damaging as mainstream corporation tax as they only kick in when profits are very high. Nevertheless, it is yet another extra business tax when we really do not want it. The pity of all this self-harm in business taxation is that it is entirely unnecessary, an 'unforced error', inflicted by Treasury failure to understand the role of debt management. The current Treasury view is that debt contracted during Covid should now be repaid as soon as possible, as a priority, and hence that any new spending must be met from new taxes. However, this view is quite wrong and at variance with welfare-maximising debt policy. The reason is not rocket science. To maximise welfare, tax rates should be set to maximise growth over the long run. This means, because higher tax rates reduce growth, they should be kept constant at the lowest rate the Government can afford over the long term, which means equal to long run expected spending. As for short term fluctuations in spending and debt interest these should be paid for by borrowing which consequently 'smooths' out the need for tax rises. The other policy area where the Government has produced disappointing results is trade. The FTAs negotiated with Australia and New Zealand will bring long term gains that are far from negligible but they could have been brought forward in time had less weight been given to agricultural protectionism. In the upshot the full elimination of tariffs was deferred for ten years - so deferring the main gains. Much the same occurred with the New Zealand FTA. As FTAs widen to manufacturing countries, notably those in the CPTPP of SE Asia, it is vital that this protectionist approach is not repeated. A big gain from free trade is also the productivity increase flowing from more competition in manufacturing - a highly competitive sector, as exemplified by names like Rolls Royce, Dyson, JCB, and BAE. The biggest current trade problem of Brexit is in Northern Ireland, where the EU is unwilling to cooperate in easing the problems at the UK-EU border with Norhern Ireland under the NI Protocol. A "green lane" of minimal checking for these goods should be easily implementable. However, the EU refuses to implement it sufficiently to eliminate the current border problems. This is plainly a serious political problem in terms of NI politics and is leading to proposals for abandoning the Protocol, which in turn could cause the destruction of the Cooperation and Trade Agreement with the EU - in effect a return to the 'no deal' scenario in which tariffs would occur on UK-EU trade. If we had a wide set of FTAs in place with non-EU countries, then trade here would be governed by world prices; and EU tariffs would not affect us. But until that happens our trade is governed by EU prices, since we are still integrated into the large EU market, with non-EU trade restricted- which keeps us vulnerable to EU policies.The Government is making unforced errors. Brexit has been done with good long-term gains in sight but the follow-through has been poor.It is the long-term progress of the economy that matters. By bringing in Brexit, the Government has opened up the prospects of big progress via liberalised regulation and full integration into the world economy. But it is potentially sabotaging this progress by raising business taxes and by only weakly pursuing the free trade agenda.It needs to abandon the planned rise in corporation tax and engage dynamically in all possible free trade agreements around the world. It can then negotiate with the EU from a position of strength.