The Deputy Leader of the Liberal Democrats appeared reluctant to reject the proposal of an alliance with Labour in a bid to oust the Tory leadership. Daisy Cooper celebrated the recent Lib Dem victory in the Tiverton and Honiton by-election as candidate Richard Foord became the constituency's new MP. She suggested the victory was a symbol of growing support for the Liberal Democrats across the UK as the electorate has grown increasingly frustrated with the Conservative Government of Boris Johnson. Speaking to Sky News, the MP refused to deny the possibility of a Lib Dem and Labour pact to secure maximum support in order to force the Prime Minister out of leadership.    Speaking on Sky News, journalist Trevor Phillips said: “Both you and Labour people come on this programme and you say the worst thing in the world is a continued Boris Johnson administration. “But, the one thing you will not do is have a pact or even an understanding which would guarantee that there are more Tiverton and Honitons between you and that the Tories get pushed out - explain why that is so impossible? “The argument that voters don’t like it, either you believe the voters don’t want the Tories in or there is some other reason. “Why can’t you guys get together?”    Ms Cooper replied: “I think there is a really big distinction between a hypothetical situation that may or may not happen in a couple of years’ time and the reality of what we’re facing right now. “As an opposition MP, I can see day in, day out, how the inaction of this Conservative government is hurting families in my constituency and around the country. “That is why right now I can look at the Conservative government and decide I want them out of power, I want them out of office and that’s why Liberal Democrats are putting forward these concrete ideas, like the emergency VAT cut, like a windfall tax on bankers’ bonuses. “We are the party putting forward these ideas to tackle the crisis that is facing people right now.” Read more: Labour didn't 'win' Wakefield, a monkey could have taken that seat   Mr Phillip placed renewed focus on the potential for a political pact as he added: “I didn’t hear in that answer a rejection of an idea of an understanding.” Ms Cooper replied: “Well, that’s because you are talking about a hypothetical situation.” The Sky News host continued: “It’s not hypothetical, everybody knows that if you did what you did in Tiverton and Honiton, you’d win a lot more seats. You haven’t said you won’t do it.” The Deputy Leader of the Liberal Democrats continued to dodge an outright denial of a political alliance between opposition parties against the Conservatives. Don't miss;Battling Boris needs to make good on promises [COMMENT]'Not good for Labour' Lord Frost 's DAMNING assessment of Starmer [ANALYSIS]What by-election defeat means for Boris Johnson [REPORT] Ms Cooper said: “Well, Liberal Democrats will continue to try and win seats off the Conservatives in areas where we are the key challengers. “In fact, if you look at the last two years, things have changed so much. “Nobody expected the pandemic or anything else, we simply can’t work out what will happen in the future.” She speculated that the future of UK politics was unpredictable, suggesting an alliance with Labour to secure power was not off the table. Read next:Boris Johnson 'greased piglet' and can 'wriggle out' of troubleBoris Johnson Conservative MPs may have another vote of no confidenceLib Dems avoiding talking about plan to ‘rejoin the EU'Lib Dems hatch new plot to oust Boris TODAY as Davey scramblesLib Dems launch attack ads in Blue Wall as Tories vote down tax cut