Most people regularly wash and change their bed sheets, covers and pillow cases, but more often than not, don’t give a second thought to their duvet. But according to experts, humans spend 35 percent of their overall lifespan sleeping. Sleep is such an important thing, and most will put extra care into their daytime cleaning than their bed. This is where homeowners go wrong, as bacteria and dirt can just as easily build up on duvets and pillows. Fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have taken to dedicated Facebook cleaning pages to share their top tips, which includes how to remove stains from duvets. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for tips on how to remove yellow stains covering the top of her pillows. Tracey Power Mitchell wrote: “Hi, looking for tips to get yellow out of the top of duvet covers. I can't use bleach and there's bright flowers on it. “It’s mostly on my husband's side so I'm thinking it could be sweat stains.” READ MORE: Laundry task to ‘always’ do when washing clothes for ‘best results’ It's normal for your duvet to turn yellow over time, especially if it's white or in a light shade. Duvets absorb whatever liquids come in contact with them. The yellow stains of duvets result from body liquids and sweat. Lotion and creams can also contribute to the yellowish colour. According to Mrs Hinch fans all that’s needed is a single dishwasher tablet and boiling water. DON'T MISS: ‘The most effective way’ to make your home feel ‘more expensive’  [EXPERT]‘Very low maintenance’ flowers to plant for your summer garden [INSIGHT]How to ‘revive’ your lawn for summer - ‘will recover in a week’ [TIPS] Allison Derby suggested: “Start by putting your duvet in the bath and fill it up with boiling water, then add a dishwasher tablet and leave overnight. “I was shocked when I saw such whit results the next morning.” Sally Hawkins said: “Dishwasher tablets work well on yellow stains, they give amazing results.” Giulia Henderson advised: “Use a dishwasher tablet in the bath with hot water, it’s easy and there’s no need to scrub the stains.” Daniel Warwick commented: “I had a striped duvet cover in different colour blues that was covered in mould, so I tried using a dishwasher tablet and it came out as new.” Lauren Sullivan wrote: “Dishwasher tablets will not only remove yellow stains but it will also make you duvet so much whiter. “Plus it’s so much cheaper than other cleaning products.” Dishwasher tablets can be purchased from Wilko for £1 for a pack of 30. This works out as less than 4p per tablet. Dishwasher tablets can also be used to remove stains and whiten pillows and clothing. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using Elbow Grease to remove duvet stains. Julie Jackson said: “Elbow grease spray, it's a fabulous stain remover, spray all over leave for 10 minutes and wash as usual.” Elizabeth Thomas: “Use elbow grease to target stain removal, it’s brilliant.”