Chelsea defender Thiago Silva has reportedly sent text messages to Presnel Kimpembe in an attempt to get him to move to Stamford Bridge this summer. Kimpembe is one of a number of defenders to be linked with the Blues. Chelsea are in need of at least one centre-back this summer and will likely add multiple players in that position. Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen have both left at the end of their respective contracts. Sevilla star Jules Kounde remains a top target for Thomas Tuchel. But his France team-mate Kimpembe is also linked with a switch to west London. Brazil star Thiago Silva played alongside Kimpembe for several years at Paris Saint-Germain. And France Football journalist Olivier Bossard says the Chelsea man is attempting to have a reunion with his old team-mate. READ MORE: Tottenham 'agree £20m deal' to sign Djed Spence as defender snubs Forest return  Bossard tweeted: "Chelsea does not let go #Kimpembe. The French international pleases Thomas Tuchel. The Parisian has even already received a few text messages from Thiago Silva to sell him the London project." Kimpembe has played the entirety of his professional career at PSG. He has made over 200 appearances for the French side since making his debut in 2014 and has a contract until 2024. Rudiger's exit in particular will leave big shoes to be filled at Chelsea. The German was named in the PFA Team of the Year, which was announced on Thursday, and will join Real Madrid on a free transfer. Chelsea boss Tuchel admitted towards the end of last season he was keen for Rudiger to stay. He said: "Toni is not the guy you need to take out to 10 dinners and 12 coffees to talk him into something. DON'T MISSDarwin Nunez's Liverpool wages emerge with star telling friends £85m deal is 'done'Arsenal 'willing to pay over £42m' for midfielder as Roma 'return' for Granit XhakaMan Utd put forward 'higher proposal than Liverpool' for Darwin Nunez  "He has strong opinions, which is part of his personality. He demands clarity and honesty but it’s very low maintenance with him. "I was disappointed but not on a personal level. It’s his right to figure out what opportunities he had and it’s his right to change clubs. "I did not like it and he knows that we did not like it but we had big players with injuries before for many weeks or months and life does not stop. I would have liked him to stay. "He would have been a key figure but still these things happen. We are on good terms and now he needs to finish on the same level."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here