Marlon (played by Mark Charnock) has been supported by his friends and family in recent months on Emmerdale, but none more so than his fiancée, Rhona Goskirk (Zoe Henry). As well as caring for her partner, she has also had to look after the couple's two children and she has tried to hold her job down at the vets. However, her other half might think she has been using her time to have an affair with someone who has become close to them in the past couple of weeks on the ITV soap. The drama continues in next week's episodes as Marlon's physiotherapy sessions are in full swing with newcomer, Kit (Thoren Ferguson). He comes on leaps and bounds as the soap stalwart is finally able to stand on his own two feet, with the help of a little support. For the first time since he had a stroke, Marlon walks with the aid of a zimmer frame and Rhona is delighted to see his progress. After so many challenges and hurdles over the past few months, the Woolpack chef is also proud of himself for the achievement. With so much to celebrate, Rhona thinks it's about time she and her partner began making plans for their future together. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Charity Dingle devastated as Noah killed off-screen In particular, Rhona wants to give Marlon something to look forward to when he is back on his feet without the support of a zimmer frame. As the pair sit together and think back over the past few months, Rhona reveals the romantic surprise she has in store. Pulling out a ring from her pocket, she asks her partner if he would like to marry her, a question he asked her the same say he had a stroke. Able to speak again, albeit a bit slow, Marlon is able to respond but this might not be the answer his partner was hoping for. With the couple already engaged, he could begin to overthink why his other half has suddenly decided to pop the question again. Marlon could think the worst as he could believe Rhona is doing this as she feels an immense sense of guilt over something. As they haven't been able to be intimate for the past few months, he could worry she has decided to seek comfort elsewhere. Thinking of who she could have had the time to spend with, Marlon could mistakingly think his physio Kit is the one his partner has been pining over. Rejecting the proposal, Marlon could state he knows Rhona has had an affair and there is no future for them after the betrayal. Knowing full well she hasn't slept with anyone else, it could become Rhona's mission to prove her partner wrong. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Joe Tate star's transformation in new pics with girlfriend [PICTURES]Emmerdale’s Rosie Bentham pleads for co-star’s return 'A lot of drama' [COMMENT]'Traumatising' Emmerdale's Mark Charnock humiliated on the train [COMMENT] Even if she does manage to show him how faithful she has been, Rhona and Marlon's relationship might not ever be the same again. Could this be the end of the fan favourite couple as Rhona feels incredibly hurt by her partner's accusations? Of course, she would take into account the fact Marlon feels incredibly vulnerable at the moment and will overthink certain situations. Especially given the fact they haven't been intimate but she could think they knew each other better than to think the other was having an affair. How will the rest of the village react when they discover what has happened between the pair given the struggles they've faced in recent months? The actress who plays Rhona, Zoe, has spoken about how her character has been feeling in the wake of becoming a carer for Marlon. Zoe explained: "Rhona has a medical background because she’s a vet. "So there’s a lot that she understands and a lot that she probably forgets because of panic. It’s terrifying for her because she potentially knows the implications of what lies ahead. "I think that’s her fear that he might be a different person. It’s helplessness actually, knowing that she can’t really do anything to make things any better. "It’s awful, no matter who it is, seeing someone struggling to manage. That’s exactly what she’s seeing at that moment." "It’s very difficult," she explained to Metro.co.uk. The actor who plays Marlon, Mark, has also touched on how he feels taking on such an important and harrowing storyline. Mark explained: "The difficulty lies in the fact that no two strokes are the same, I was concerned that people would say 'That didn't happen to my mum, it's not what happened to me.' "Well, this is what happens to Marlon, and every stroke is an awful, bespoke event that affects each brain in a different way." Will his character and Rhona be able to work through another challenge to become man and wife? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.