Escape to the Chateau is a Channel 4 favourite and the series follows Dick Strawbridge and Angel Adoree as they renovate their beautiful home. The escapist series sometimes features Dick's children, including his son James. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the cooking star's wife. James Strawbridge is a chef and TV presenter who is known for his roles on The Hungry Sailors and It's Not Easy Being Green. He has also made an appearance alongside his father on Escape to the Chateau. The father and son duo work closely together and co-authored James' first book, Practical Self-Sufficiency, together. The star lives on the South Cornish coast with his wife and their three children. READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau’s Angel admits Paris 'overwhelmed' daughter He is married to Holly and she is one of his biggest fans when it comes to his career. Their wedding was kept out of the spotlight so not much is known about the star's wife. James is on Instagram but his posts are related to his work, rather than his personal life. His latest post was a video showing fans how to make zero-waste tacos. The star runs Strawbridge Kitchen, working for a range of food and drink brands. He is known for developing new recipes and directing photoshoots relating to food. His website says: "James can be found foraging for wild food with his family, out at sea gig-rowing for his local club or painting the Cornish countryside." With this in mind, his wife Holly shares his passion for the outdoors and sustainable living. DON'T MISS... Escape to the Chateau’s Angel Adoree details feeling 'emotional' [INSIGHT] Is the chateau from Escape to the Chateau open for bookings? [EXPLAINER] Dick Strawbridge hits back at claims his children are 'spoilt' [DISCUSSION] Angel Adoree has spoken out about joining the family and meeting her husband's children and grandchildren. Speaking to the Sweat, Snot and Tears podcast, she said: "Me and James we get on really, really well. "We're always talking about... he's a real foodie, completely fabulous, he's really handsome. "Their kids are the same age as our kids." As well as James' creative work, he spends a lot of time working on business development and marketing. He works closely with many chefs and food manufacturing companies - a venture his wife is undoubtedly proud of. The food writer, like his father, is a family man who stresses the importance of supporting one another. He regularly shows support for his sister Charlotte, who is a popular artist and photographer.  Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on ALL4.