Nicola Wheeler, 48, has played Emmerdale’s Nicola King for over 20 years and recent scenes have been among her darkest yet. Nicola was left unconscious and bleeding after she was attacked by a group of teenage girls. To make matters worse, one of the girls filmed the violent incident on her phone and the video soon went viral.Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, Nicola said that she thinks the story is “so important” as it contains an “important message”.She said: “I think the story is important because what it is saying is, just because you are not part of the violence, it does not mean you are not part of the crime.“Not all of the girls beat Nicola, but they egg the main girl on and one of them starts videoing it and it becomes a viral video. READ MORE:Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux “Those girls are all complicit to the crime, they are all part of it.  “They are telling the story of that scenario where one of the girls maybe has too much to drink and she gets physical. There are probably a lot of young people out there who will know a friend who’s like that.  “Maybe seeing something like this, it might make them think, ‘She is only a stone’s throw away from doing something like that. I better rein her in or say something’.”Nicola added that the story is also important because it shines a light on the effect such a traumatic incident can have on the victim.In the aftermath of the attack, her character was left shaken to the point that she does not want to leave the house. DON'T MISSJulia Bradbury inundated with support over health update 'Gutted'[LATEST]Gary Lineker addresses ‘difficult’ issue working with Alex Scott[INSIGHT]Fiona Bruce's 'toughest interview' as Lord Sugar shouted and swore[NEWS]  Nicola also urged anyone affected by a similar situation to "get help and talk to the police" as well as to be vocal about "any fears".   Emmerdale airs Monday to Thursday from 7pm on ITV.If you or someone you know has been affected by this story, Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year.Alternatively, you can find more information on the Samaritans website.