After a two-year break caused by the pandemic, the annual contest in Sonoma County city went ahead on Friday. Several so-ugly-they’re-adorable dogs went head-to-head to compete for the title. Mr Happy Face - a 17-year-old Chinese Crested dog - took the top spot and his owner was thrilled. The pooches' owner, Jeneda Benally took home the $1,500 (£1,223) prize money after taking the crown as the ugliest contestant - despite there being several worthy runners-up. A fluffy pup named Wild Thang was awarded second prize during the day's events. Scotch Haley's pup - Monkey - came in at third place.  The contest promotes adoption of animals over buying from a breeder. The winner Mr Happy Face was adopted by owner Jeneda after he was rescued from a hoarder's home. Comedians Grace Helbig and Mamrie Hart hosted the competition this year. The Sonoma-Marin Fair in Petaluma has celebrated lovable, but ugly pups for three decades. READ MORE: horses can ‘sense’ EVs approaching before they see them The day's events kicked off with a Pet Fest at the fair’s Kiwanis Stage lawn, where the public got a chance to see the contestants. The pups then took part in a red carpet walk before the judging began. The contest also includes a special 'Spirit Award' and 'People's Choice' award voted for by the public. The contest’s last winner was Scamp the Tramp, a small mutt with dreadlocks owned by a Santa Rosa woman. DON'T MISS: Deadly dangerous' treats for dogs spark urgent vet warning [INSIGHT]Cat and dog owners' top pet peeves - including stealing food [COMMENT]Cat owners should 'think of them as more human' to be closer to pets [ANALYSIS] A Minnesota-based English bulldog called Zsa Zsa took the crown after going up against 13 other pups the previous year, in 2018. He was a rescue, plucked from a puppy mill and found by owner Megan Brainard on petfinder.com. Martha, a 125lb Neapolitan Mastiff won judges over in 2017 when she flopped on the stage during her presentation. After placing second in 2015, another 17-year-old Chinese crested pooch won the top prize with a milky right eye, big ears and a little tongue constantly hanging out its mouth. In 2015, a 10-year-old hunchback pit bull-Dutch shepherd mix called Quasi Modo beat 26 other dogs to the top spot landing a makeover by fashion guru Carson Kressley on the popular US show Jimmy Kimmel Live.'  