Rafael Nadal has claimed that the Grand Slam race doesn’t “matter much” to him despite holding the all-time record for men’s singles titles. The world No 5 could extend his record to 22 trophies at the French Open this weekend but said he still felt “equal” to rivals Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer regardless of Major titles. Nadal defeated his long-time rival Djokovic in the French Open quarter-final on Tuesday, meaning the Serb would not be able to match his record of 21 Grand Slam titles in Paris. But the 36-year-old’s quest for a record-extending 14th title in Paris and 22nd overall Major is still on as he takes on Alexander Zverev in the semi-final. Despite pulling ahead of Djokovic and Federer in the Grand Slam race earlier this year when he won the Australian Open, the world No 5 has remained humble about his record and insisted that the Grand Slam record “doesn’t matter much” when evaluating the Big Three’s respective careers. “From my perspective, of course there is always a conversation about the player who finish with more Slams or who is the best of the history, but from my perspective doesn't matter that much,” he claimed after beating the world No 1 in four sets. JUST IN: Kyrgios keen to fight Tomic in boxing match as war of words continues  “We achieve our dreams. We make history in this sport because we did things that didn't happen before. So from my perspective, doesn't matter much which player going to finish with more Slams or the best of the history because from my perspective, the level of our three is very equal. Is not much difference so doesn't matter.” The Spaniard’s remarks came after he said it was “always special” to face off with Djokovic for the 59th time, almost exactly a year after their last meeting in the French Open semi-finals where it was the Serb who was triumphant. DON'T MISSCoco Gauff looking to emulate Raducanu ahead of French Open finalAndy Murray reacts to Rafael Nadal retirement claims at French OpenNadal warned Zverev has 'perfect game' to wreck French Open hopes  “This is one more episode, no. That's it. We played, as I said before, in the most important events, in the most important matches for a lot of years, and it's always special to play against each other,” he said. While Nadal thought the match’s significance was minimised by being a quarter-final, he still hailed his “emotional” rivalry with both Djokovic and Nadal. “Tonight have been just a quarterfinals match, not the final. So that's different,” he said after his four-hour-and-12-minute win. “But still a super classic match and in a big scenario. So yeah, between Novak, Roger, myself, we have an amazing story together facing each other in the most important matches for such a long time. So that makes the things more special and more emotional.” 