Sebastian Vettel has hit back at Candian politician Sonya Savage, who accused him of "hypocrisy" after the Aston Martin driver campaigned against mining operations in Alberta ahead of the Canadian Grand Prix.  Vettel wore a t-shirt with the slogan "Stop Mining Tar Sands" during race week and also debuted a helmet with a similar slogan that branded it "Canada's climate crime". Savage, who is Alberta's Energy Minister, took umbrage with Vettel's message, pointing out Aston Martin are sponsored by Saudi Arabian oil company Aramco. "I have seen a lot of hypocrisy over the years, but this one takes the cake," she tweeted. "A race car driver sponsored by Aston Martin, with financing from Saudi Aramco, complaining about the oilsands. "Saudi Aramco has the largest daily oil production of all companies in the world. It is reputed to be the single largest contributor to global carbon emissions, of any company, since 1965. JUST IN: F1 news LIVE: Hamilton sent engineer warning, Russell slams rivals "Rather than demonizing the oilsands, which is on a path to net-zero, people could look to lowering their own personal carbon footprint. Perhaps a pedal-car for Formula 1?" When asked about Savage's comments, Vettel agreed that he is a "hypocrite", but insisted the "bigger picture" is more important. He said: "It is right but what you miss and, I am a little bit disappointed that politicians and politics jumps on a personal level because it is not about me, you know, it is not all about me, it is about the bigger picture. "Yes, I am a hypocrite doing what I love. We all have different passions, this is the way that I paint my canvas. There are solutions for the future to make it more sustainable and not rely on... the future in that regard looks exciting. DON'T MISSToto Wolff and Christian Horner may clash again in FIA meetingHamilton makes Mercedes plea as Brit concerned ahead of British GPRed Bull suspend driver for alleged racist abuse while gaming "It is disappointing to break it down to a personal level and miss to look at the bigger picture. What is really important is the message, we need to make the switch and get out of fossils and base our whole lifestyle on renewables." Aston Martin boss Mike Krack, meanwhile, rejected suggestions the team forced Vettel to revert to his usual helmet for the race, stating: "He wanted to create awareness with the T-shirt and the helmet. Then at one point, he decided now, the awareness is created, let's say, and that was it, and took it off. "He cannot wear the same T-shirt every day. Nor can you!" When asked outright by Motorsport.com if Vettel could have worn the helmet for the Grand Prix, Krack added: "Yeah, he's a free man."