Dan Walker stepped down as host of BBC Breakfast earlier this year before joining Channel 5 in a new role which sees him present several shows including News at 5. However, according to viewing figures, Dan has struggled to bring any viewers from the BBC over to his new broadcaster. On June 6, Dan presented his first News at 5. His debut saw 390,000 viewers tuning in but since then the total almost halved to 203,000. On one night the hour-long bulletin received 189,000 viewers before settling at 230,000. However, this figure is the same as Dan’s predecessor Sian Williams, according to the Mirror. Read more: BBC Breakfast reporter bursts Starmer's bubble with history lesson After Dan’s debut, the Channel 5 broadcaster shared his ratings success on Twitter. He wrote: “Lots of talk about figures last night…we are quite happy with ours. “The @5_News audience was up over 70%. Thanks so much for watching.” “We’ll see you tonight at 5, on 5,” he added. (sic) However, Dan’s first show in his new role was the same day as the vote of confidence against Boris Johnson. All news broadcasters experienced larger viewing figures than usual. Over on BBC, ratings for Dan’s former show BBC Breakfast have remained stable since his exit. Last weekend, the news programme hit a peak of 1.5million. DON'T MISSBBC Breakfast viewers hit out over 'obsession' with Glastonbury [INSIGHT]Naga Munchetty refers to BBC colleagues as 'rivals' in new podcast [INTERVIEW] 'Pick a side' Jon Kay grills Lucy Powell on Labour's stance on strike [VIDEO] Dan quit BBC Breakfast and moved to Channel 5 in a deal reportedly worth £1.5million. In an interview with Daily Mail Weekend magazine, Dan addressed his salary. He admitted: “I hate talking about money. I feel uncomfortable that I get paid a lot to do a job I love. “I remember the first day a national newspaper published what I earned on the front page. That was awful.” He continued: "I am embarrassed by the amount I earn. My parents had no money growing up. All my clothes were hand-me-downs. “At a time when people are struggling to put food on the table, it's horrible to have your salary on the front page." Express.co.uk contacted a representative for Channel 5 for comment. News at 5 airs on Channel 5 on weekdays at 5pm. BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily at 6am.