London’s travel network will be brought to a standstill today as London Underground staff go ahead with a planned strike. The closures have already meant travel chaos for tens of thousands heading to work this morning, with the misery expected to last all day. Members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) are taking industrial action in a dispute over jobs and pensions. The RMT union called up to 4,000 station staff out on strike affecting stations across the city for 24 hours from one minute past midnight. The walkout predominately affects underground services in central and south London, but wider disruption to the entire network is also highly likely. The strike is due to last until 8am on Tuesday, June 7. READ MORE: Commuters to face ‘damaging’ impact as Underground strike hits According to TfL, the following services will be severely disrupted today: - Bakerloo line- Circle line- District line- Hammersmith & City line- Metropolitan line- Picadilly line- Victoria line- Waterloo & City line Other lines will also be affected, including: The Central Line will run between White City and West Ruislip/Ealing Broadway. A reduced service will also run between Epping and Stratford via Woodford and Hainault. The Jubilee Line will run between Finchley Road and Stanmore, though some stations will remain closed. DON'T MISSPost office strike to cause postage chaos after Jubilee weekend [REPORT]Commuters to face ‘damaging’ impact as Underground strike hits [INSIGHT]Fury over tube strikes as HUGE paypacket revealed [REPORT] The Northern Line will operate between Edgware and Golders Green, East Finchley and High Barnet and between Finchley Central and Mill Hill East, however some stations will remain closed. There are no closures expected on the Elizabeth Line, but is likely to be much busier than usual throughout the day. The case is the same with the DLR, London Overground and TfL's trams, but they are expected to be much busier. Andy Lord, TfL's chief operating officer, said: "I'd like to apologise to London for the impact this strike will have on journeys. "We know it's going to be damaging to London and the economy, at a time when public transport is playing a crucial role in the capital's recovery. "While our focus is always on helping everyone travel around London whenever they want, the expected impact of the RMT's action means we have to advise people to only travel if necessary, as many stations may be closed.” He continued: “No changes have been proposed to pensions and nobody has or will lose their job as a result of the proposals we have set out. "Working with us to find a resolution is the best course of action, avoiding the disruption this strike will cause to Londoners and the economy." Industry leaders have lamented the timing of the strikes following a knockout Jubilee weekend for the capital. Richard Burge, chief executive of the London Chamber of Commerce and Industry, said the strike was "extremely disappointing" and called on the union and TfL to "sort out their dispute". He continued: "Ultimately, this will only harm London's economy, and it is time for TfL to sort out their dispute with the RMT, so we can get back to building prosperity and showing the world that London is open for business."