The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) accidentally underpaid 1.2 percent of benefits in the year leading up to April 2022, according to latest figures. It means thousands of Britons struggling to survive could be due a backdated payout.    This affects thousands of people who depend on the state pension, Pension Credit and Universal Credit, with the DWP underpaying to the tune of £410million in Universal Credit alone, reports The Mirror. Pensioners were underpaid a massive £540million while some Pension Credit claimants lost out on £100million collectively. A DWP spokesperson said this was mainly down to claimants making errors but added that where the DWP was at fault, errors were being rectified. The spokesperson said: “Rates of underpayment remain very low, at 1.2 percent, with claimant error accounting for the majority of that figure." READ MORE: Woman 'really angry' after faulty smart meter saw bill soar by £140 They continued: “Where errors do occur, we are committed to identifying and rectifying them, ensuring people receive all the support to which they are entitled.” Meanwhile, almost £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits, something campaigners are highlighting as millions of Britons struggle to make ends meet. More than one million people are missing out on Universal Credit either because they aren’t aware they qualify or because they believe there is a stigma attached to claiming benefits. Some 850,000 pensioners are missing out on Pension Credit which could be worth £3,000 a year on average. DON'T MISSUK pension system in need of urgent reform [WARNING]'Unfit for UK homes' Boiler Upgrade Scheme explained [INSIGHT]first direct customers can now get 3.5% interest on their savings [UPDATE] Universal Credit and Pension Credit also act as gateway benefits to additional financial support in the form of free prescriptions and help towards energy bills. The best way to check benefits entitlement is to use an online benefits calculator, such as ones hosted by Policy In Practice, entitledto and Turn2us. Around eight million people will receive the first instalment of their £650 cost of living payment in July. The extra help was announced by Chancellor Rishi Sunak to help people pay soaring energy bills. How much are the cost of living payments? Everyone will receive an energy bills rebate of £400. Approximately eight million people who receive Universal Credit, legacy benefits and Pension Credit will qualify for a further £650. Britons on disability benefits like Attendance Allowance will get a one-off sum of £150 in September. Pensioner households will receive an extra £300 this year to help them cover the rising cost of energy this winter. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea People who think they have been underpaid in benefits can leave a note in their work journal online or call the Universal Credit helpline on 0800 328 5644. State pensioners should contact the DWP on 0800 731 0469. However there is also a chance people may have been overpaid. The DWP overpaid £5.9billion in Universal Credit alone in the year ending April 2022.