Arsenal have received a boost in their pursuit of Sassuolo striker Gianluca Scamacca, according to reports. The Italian club are claimed to be keen to sell the forward after identifying a replacement. Scamacca is one of a host of strikers to be linked with Arsenal this summer. The departure of Alexandre Lacazette at the end of his contract leaves Mikel Arteta short of firepower up top. Italian outlet Corriere dello Sport claims Scamacca has been of interest to the Gunners since last winter. The 23-year-old Italy international scored 16 Serie A goals in 36 appearances last season. Inter Milan, Napoli and AC Milan are all also credited with interest in the player. However, in Monday's newspaper edition of Corriere dello Sport, it is claimed the Italian top-flight sides will not be able to afford the fee Sassuolo would ask for Scamacca of between £34.2million and £38.4m. READ MORE: Arsenal could face double transfer catastrophe as Liverpool plot for the future  Inter and Milan view Scamacca as a plan B and would only want to sign him on loan with an option to buy. Arsenal also only see Scamacca as an alternative to Manchester City striker Gabriel Jesus, who is their top target. But the report says Sassuolo wants to sell up in order to bring in a new striker of their own. Uruguay international Agustin Alvarez is a target but a deal would only happen if Scamacca moves on. Rome-born Scamacca has spent time in the academies of Lazio, Roma and PSV Eindhoven. He joined Sassuolo in 2017 but was sent out on loan in four successive seasons. DON'T MISSLeeds chief Victor Orta may soon have four new signings with talks underway [TRANSFERS]Christian Eriksen tipped to snub Man Utd and Tottenham as likely transfer named [QUOTES]Chelsea chief sets tongues wagging over Ousmane Dembele with Twitter activity [SOCIAL]  After scoring eight goals in 26 league matches for Genoa, he returned to Sassuolo last summer and became a regular for them for the first time. He made his debut for Italy last September but is yet to score a goal in his five caps. Scamacca only signed a new contract with Sassuolo in April to extend his deal until 2026. However, it seems it may have been a ploy from the Serie A club to protect the player's value ahead of a potential sale this summer. Jesus remains the priority for Arsenal but Real Madrid are also now said to be interested in the Brazil star. Napoli's Victor Osimhen and Roma's Tammy Abraham have both been linked with the Gunners, although they would be more expensive options than both Jesus and Scamacca.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here