Newcastle United are yet to splash the cash in the first summer transfer window under their mega-rich owners, but head coach Eddie Howe is reportedly relaxed about the situation. Newcastle are owned by the Saudi Arabia Public Investment Fund, and are one of the richest clubs in the world. But despite that massive financial backing, they've so far been unable to close any deals for incoming transfers. The Magpies are expected to bring in numerous new faces in order to make the jump towards challenging for European football next season. Hugo Ekitike and Sven Botman are the club's two top targets, after Aston Villa completed a deal to sign Diego Carlos. The Toon had previously been linked with Carlos, as Howe looks to improve his back line. This is Newcastle's first summer window with the financial backing of their new owners, but that doesn't mean they're having things all their own way. Chronicle Live reports they've had "issues" in completing their transfer business for the summer. But regardless, Howe is said to be confident that Newcastle have enough back-up options lined up in case they're unable to secure any of their top targets. The head coach is currently away on his summer holidays ahead of pre-season next month, and is being kept up to date on the club's transfer endeavours by newly-appointed sporting director Dan Ashworth. Newcastle have already missed out on Darwin Nunez, who opted to join Liverpool in a deal rising to £84million. The Magpies had sent scouts to watch the striker, but he instead decided he wanted to play Champions League football next season. They are also waiting to see if the same will happen with Botman, who is also wanted by AC Milan. Newcastle have offered £46m for the Dutchman, and Milan have offered less, but there's every chance Botman - like Nunez - will want Champions League football. Ekitike is believed to be Newcastle's top striker target, but his representatives are apparently waiting to see if Borussia Dortmund capitalise on their interest. Dortmund are on the hunt for a new striker having sold Erling Haaland to Manchester City.