Denise Welch, 64, has detailed her son and The 1975 star Matthew Healy's reaction when she confessed her “guilt and shame” to him. The Loose Women panellist spoke candidly about her battle with alcoholism and the effect it had on her family’s lives. Denise admitted that before becoming sober - thanks to her husband Lincoln Townley’s support - she “wasn’t always present [emotionally]”. The actress said she had discussed her addiction with Matty before as she confessed her “guilt and shame”. Speaking about her battle, Denise said: “I didn’t think that Matthew was aware of it but he was. “I never put the kids to bed as a drunken mess and I was physically present, but I wasn’t always present [emotionally].” She continued: “We’ve had many talks about how my drinking affected him and he felt very sad and sorry for me. “Now he’s just so thrilled. The 1975 is a globally successful band, which he says wouldn’t have been possible if he had been constantly worried about me. “I once told Matty that I have a lot of guilt and shame and he said, ‘Everybody has guilt, Mum, but shame is something you’ve really got to own’ and I have done, with the forgiveness of my family,” Denise told Platinum magazine. Denise, who has been outspoken about her alcohol addiction, once revealed she would go straight from the nightclub to the ITV studios. Speaking on White Wine Question Time, the ITV star said she would leave London nightclub Freedom at 5am to later appear on TV as the “person behind the painted smile." Host Kate commented: "We've spoken about this before on this podcast. The number of times we would go into work and you were coming straight out of a club." Denise explained: "I used to be dancing on the pole at Freedom at 5am. “I would then appear on television, for instance, Loose Women, at 12.30pm. DON'T MISS...'Disgusting' Piers Morgan slams Prince Harry's 'terrible' decision [UPDATE]X Factor star hit by tragedy as fiancee dies on wedding morning [LATEST]'Glad to be here' Dick Van Dyke, 96, says he's happy to be alive [PICS] "People who had seen me on the pole at 5 in the morning would assume my appearance [on the show] was pre-recorded. "They would absolutely not believe it. But again, it was the person behind the painted smile." She also recounted keeping a sick bucket nearby during a live broadcast as she was dealing with the effects of drink and drugs. "I remember there was Robbie Williams on one side and Kate on the other and they were both squeezing my hand," Denise said. "I had a sick bucket underneath [the table], honestly." Denise continued: "I can laugh about it now but I would get a fear. And that [was a result of] drink and drugs. "It was a horrendous time and you remember that [Kate]. "So when people say to me, 'You were a right laugh. You just had a few too many drinks'. They didn't realise how bad it was." Read the full interview in the March issue of Platinum Magazine – out now.