Like most people who live outside of London, I watched in awe at the recent opening of the Elizabeth Line and, as a former resident of the capital for six years, I could immediately see how this wonderful feat of engineering would have helped make my daily commute easier. Big projects such as this have a wider economic and social impact as well as providing great photo opportunities for policymakers. But whilst these types of schemes are superb, for me we should not overlook the transformative effect of investing in more day-to-day aspects of our lives; things seen as less glamorous, certainly in policy terms, but things that have such a positive impact on people and their communities. Take further education colleges for example. They hardly feature as an important issue on the electorate’s mind, but most towns and cities have one, close to 2 million people study in them each year and the average age of a college student is 29. In terms of economic return, the government paper Measuring the net present value of further education in 2018/19 clearly states: “The report pro- vides evidence of a continued strong return on investment in further education.” In short, colleges are good for their economies and this is perfectly understandable. They provide essential skills for local economies as well as being key employers and users of local suppliers. Colleges are also a vital part of an area’s social fabric and sense of place. Our history at Hartlepool College of FE can be traced back to 1849 and the creation of the West Hartlepool Mechanics and Literary Institute, where the mission of the day was to provide “lessons in reading, writing and arithmetic for the working man”. So, colleges are key anchor institutions, they reflect a community's sense of place and they provide a source of civic pride. That’s certainly what we feel we’ve done in Hartlepool for more than 170 years. And colleges don’t operate in a vacuum; there’s much interdependence on other local firms. A key type of organisation on which colleges depend is transport companies, and bus operators in particular. To highlight this interdependence, I recently tweeted about a student’s less than favourable experience with the local bus service that nearly led to her missing a GCSE exam. This tweet got a lot of interest – more than I normally get on Twitter – as it seemed to chime with others’ experience. It also focused on how the efficacy of bus services, in this case out of one of the more isolated places around Hartlepool, was key not only to get to college but for the student to get to and from work as well as social activities – all massively important consider- ing what we’ve been through in the last couple of years. As with colleges, buses play a key function in local areas – effective services connect people to opportunities and make their lives easier. Now don’t get me wrong, I have no issues with bus operators. They have had a challenging time of late and, like colleges, I think it is reasonable to suggest buses have been deprived of investment and the means to do an effective job. And this is the key point of this piece that I can’t emphasise enough. Whilst projects such as the Elizabeth Line are great and steal headlines and accolades; investment in other, maybe less sexy parts of policy-making, are just as important to the levelling up agenda, especially in places such as Hartlepool. Colleges and buses fall into this category. From a college’s point of view, it certainly feels like we are not seen as glamorous by policy makers or the public, but we have demonstrable economic and social impacts on the communities we serve. We provide an educated and skilled workforce, are a key employer and consume local businesses’ goods and services. Around half of people will never go to university and levelling up needs to work for them too – colleges matter. With the necessary investment, colleges and buses have the power to enrich and make people’s lives better. They open up a host of opportunities in terms of achieving qualifications, accessing and gaining employment, and keeping alive key social connections. We may not be sexy, but we clearly have a key role to play in the levelling-up agenda and one which is wide-reaching in communities across the country.