The mood was grim and tense. Men in grey suits sat around in a semi-circle as Sergei Naryshkin, head of Russia's Foreign Intelligence Service (SVR), fumbled his words. "I would like to agree with the suggestion of Nikolai Platanovoc, that we give our Western partners one last chance, presenting them with the choice, in the shortest time, to force Kyiv to choose peace and implement the Minsk agreement. In the worst case, we have to make the decision we are discussing today," he said. It was February 22, 2022, and Russia had not yet confirmed its true intentions in Ukraine, but had amassed over 100,000 troops along the border. Rearranging his tie, Putin tapped his fingers against his desk and smiled and paused, stared his spy chief down, and replied: "What does that mean? 'In the worst case'? Are you suggesting we start negotiations?" Naryshkin, visibly uncomfortable and under the spotlight, began: "No, I, erm...," before Putin asked if he was suggesting that Russia should recognise the sovereignty of Donetsk and Luhansk, the two self-proclaimed Ukrainian republics. The icy exchange, in which Naryshkin is seen looking desperately at Putin for a prompt and is told to "speak plainly", led him to declare his support for adopting Donetsk and the Luhansk People's Republics "into the Russian Federation", something that Putin laughed off and moved on from. A rare glimpse into the engine room of the Kremlin, the world was shocked at just how far the Russian President was willing to go to humiliate one of his closest and most loyal aides in what was framed as a livestream conference, but which was later confirmed to have been pre-recorded, making the humiliation even sorer for Naryshkin. But who is the spy chief? In its new 'Siloviki Series', Express.co.uk explores the individuals within Putin's inner circle, looking at their histories and how they got to where they are. Sergey Naryshkin was born on October 27, 1954, in what was then Leningrad, today St Petersburg. It has been debated whether he is descended from the noble Naryshkin family who had close ties to the Russian Imperial Family. The Naryshkin trace their lineage to 15th century Moscow when Mordko Kurbat Naryshko, a Crimean Tatar, moved to the city and cemented his family as a powerhouse, later becoming allied to Russia's ruling house in 1671. It was then that Natalya Naryshkina (daughter of Kirill Poluektovich Naryshkin) married Alexis of Russia, and became the mother of Peter the Great. JUST IN: Mass shootings continue to rock US Pennsylvania and Tennessee Many maintain that there is no link between the noble family and the present day Naryshkin, and he has never commented on it. Entering the Leningrad Institute of Mechanics in the Seventies, he graduated with a degree in engineering in 1978 while sitting in the position of first secretary of the university's Komsomol — the Communist Party's youth wing. After his formal education, he would continue his learning at the Moscow Higher School of the KGB for two years in its French section, at the same time as Russian oligarch and businessman Nikolay Tokarev and Putin were studying to become part of the secret service. He would spend a short time abroad in Brussels at the Soviet Embassy, working as an expert in the State Committee on Science and Technologies in the office of the economic adviser, with some archive reports suggesting it was around this time that he began actively working as a KGB agent. Returning home, he went on to gain a degree from the International Management Institute of Saint Petersburg in economics in the Nineties producing a dissertation that has since been accused of being plagiarised, casting doubt on his capabilities. At the time, however, it was accepted, and he was placed in good stead to enter a post-Soviet Russian government, something which came in 1992, when he became a part of the Committee for Economy and Finance of Saint Petersburg Mayor Office, a year after Putin himself — as well as other Silovik members like Igor Sechin — had begun their political journeys in the same city. After this, he enrolled as the chief of the external investment department of Promstroybank, and in 1997, led the Investment Department of the Leningrad Oblast government, slowly working his way towards a permanent position in the Kremlin as Putin was creating a power base for himself. DON'T MISS 'Painting it red!' Jeremy Vine and Owen Jones in row over Putin [REPORT] UK to supply Ukraine with high mobility rocket systems [INSIGHT] Nuclear war is coming' Putin's pundit threatens west with 'WW3' call [ANALYSIS] In 2004 his big break came — while Putin was in office — after he was appointed deputy head of the economic department of the Russian presidential administration, and later that year became deputy chief of staff of the Russian government. And so his rise to power continued, being appointed to multiple roles including the state money-making behemoth Rosneft, and other official governmental roles such as the dubiously named Historical Truth Commission. The positions he has held since include Chairman of the State Duma (from 2011 to 2016), and perhaps his most important and current employment, the Chief of the Foreign Intelligence Service. It is within these jobs that Naryshkin has become known as a figure who is unafraid to voice opinions on matters otherwise considered conspiracy theories, and has styled himself as a Kremlin hardliner. In an interview earlier this year, he claimed that the poisoning of opposition politician Alexei Navalny was not carried out by Russia — something which is widely agreed — but that the West had found a "sacrificial victim" to frame Russia with. He has described the Ukrainian government as akin to "Hitler's occupation", and, when asked if he had ever been betrayed, gave a chilling response: "One thing soothes me: these traitors have either already burned in the fires of hell or will certainly do so”. In late April, he claimed that the US and Poland were working to restore Polish control over the country's "historical possessions” in Ukraine. Following his words, the SVR issued a statement which read: "As stated by the director of the SVR, S.E. Naryshkin: ‘According to information received by the Russian Foreign Intelligence Service, Washington and Warsaw are working on plans to establish Poland’s tight military-political control over 'its historical possessions' in Ukraine.’” Quoting Naryshkin, it said Polish troops would soon enter western Ukraine under the pretext of protecting the country from Russia, stating: Currently, the modalities of the upcoming mission are being discussed with the Biden administration. "According to preliminary agreements, it will take place without a NATO mandate, but with the participation of ‘willing states.’ "Warsaw has not yet been able to agree with the potential participants of the ‘coalition of like-minded people.’” But, it said, these troops would be deployed to areas where there is little to no Russian military presence. The allegations were immediately dismissed by Stanislaw Zaryn, spokesman for Poland's special services coordinator, who said: "The lies about Poland's alleged plans to attack western Ukraine have been repeated for several years. “The aim of Russian propaganda is to foster distrust between Ukraine and Poland to undermine PL-UA cooperation.” Naryshkin, like his colleagues, has since been added to several sanctions list, and is included on the US' list of persons sanctioned pursuant to Executive Order 14024. Little else is known about him, although he is married and has two children, and loves sports, having been appointed the President of the All-Russian Swimming Federation in 2006. According to Russiapedia — run by Russia Today, a state-backed media channel — Naryshkin is a "passionate theatregoer and jazz-lover," and has been honoured with "important state awards".