King Henry VIII reigned over Tudor England for 36 years until his death at the age of 55 in 1547. The former monarch famously had a huge appetite, six wives and established the Church of England so he could marry Anne Boleyn. Henry and his second wife enjoyed a whirlwind romance after they first met at his court, where she was a lady-in-waiting to his first wife Catherine of Aragon. “And he is so encouraging and patient and, ‘Don't worry, darling, it will work out. I'm with you’. “He really is very loving, very sensitive. Very encouraging and supportive. “It really is a sign of Henry that I think people do not acknowledge. “But when you look at these letters, the way they're written, you can see that side to him very clearly.” At the time, divorce was not allowed in the Roman Catholic church, meaning Henry could not formally end his first marriage to Catherine. Henry pleaded with the papacy in Rome for an annulment but was rejected and so established the Church of England. During this period before he and Anne tied the knot, the King was not a “predator”, as he has sometimes been portrayed, according to Ms Vasoli. She said: “A lot of people say he was a predator and she was trying to get away from him. “Well, when I first looked at them, there's something that just comes off the page. “You can see them digitised and there are a couple of them that are fairly available on the internet, even though the Vatican Library does protect them. DON'T MISS:Princess Eugenie and Princess Beatrice 'stuck to their seats' to prevent Harry photo-op [LATEST]All the nicknames you never knew the Royal Family had for each other—from 'DDG' to 'Gary' [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry push for reconciliation? [ANALYSIS] “But when you see them in person, when you sit right there with them, it's so uncanny. “There is just an aura that comes off of them that is very hard to describe.” She added: “I looked through them, I came away from that session knowing that she loved him, that she grew to love him. “And she loved him, I would say, as much as he loved her. And that surprised me.” Ms Vasoli also claimed that from her research into the couple’s relationship, she has learned how similar they were. She said: “They were very much alike in so many ways. They were both really smart. “They were both temperamental. They loved things of beauty. So, in many ways they were the same.” ‘Anne Boleyn's Letter from the Tower: A New Assessment’ was written by Sandra Vasoli and published by MadeGlobal Publishing in 2015. It is available here.