The Prince of Wales, 73, and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall 74, posted the three poignant photos to the Clarence House Instagram page with the caption "Wishing everyone a very happy Father’s Day!"   The images posted by the father-of-two included one of himself with sons Prince Harry and Prince William as young boys. Another black and white photo showed Charles standing with his late father, Prince Philip, while both royals sported military uniforms. A third photo featured Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall with her own father, the late Major Bruce Shand, taken on her wedding day to Charles. The throwback photo of the future King with his younger sons comes after Harry and William's relationship was recently described as being at "rock bottom" by royal insiders.  Friends of Prince William's reportedly revealed this week that the royal is "mourning" the loss of a relationship with his younger brother but there is little chance of it being repaired in the near future. One close friend said William "truly loves Harry and feels he has lost the only person, aside from his wife, who understood this strange life of theirs." However, they added that the Prince also believed Harry has "disrespected the Queen and their family". The Duke of Cambridge marked Father's Day this year by sharing his own photo of himself and his three children Princess Charlotte, 7, Prince George 8, and Prince Louis, 4.  READ MORE: Prince Andrew needs to ‘stay in background’ and NOT have new role   The never-before-seen photo featured the Duke smiling with his arms around Princess Charlotte and Prince George while his youngest, Prince Louis sits atop his shoulders. In the photo, taken during the family's holiday in Jordan last year, the Duke is wearing a khaki-coloured polo T-shirt and the children, who are in the midst of laughing, are dressed in camouflage print as well as navy and white tops. It was posted on the Duke and Duchess’ official Twitter account, where they wished a Happy Father’s Day to fathers and grandfathers all over the world. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: ‘Deluded’ Andrew set to ruin Balmoral trip [INSIGHT]Charlotte is 'mother hen' to brothers George and Louis [COMMENT]Royal Family: Meghan and Harry leave William's plans in tatters [ANALYSIS]   To mark the special day, a photograph of the Queen with her late father King George VI in 1946 was also shared on the Royal Family's page. However, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex so far don't appear to have publically shared a tribute for Father's Day this year. Prince Harry is celebrating his fourth Father's Day after becoming a first-time-dad to Archie in 2019. During their first year as parents, the Sussexes posted a close-up photograph of newborn Archie holding on to Harry's finger, with the caption "Happy Father's Day! And wishing a very special first Father's Day to The Duke of Sussex!"