West Ham are reportedly preparing a £25million bid for former Manchester United and Liverpool target Ismaila Sarr. Sarr has impressed for Watford over the past three years, but their relegation from the Premier League means he is now likely to leave Vicarage Road. The winger is one of the Hornets' biggest assets, but they are preparing for a squad overhaul under new boss Rob Edwards. And that means that Sarr's time at the club is coming to an end, having been one of the few bright points in their dismal relegation campaign. United and Liverpool have both previously expressed interest in signing the 24-year-old, but a move to either club has never materialised. And now, The Sunday Mirror report that West Ham have emerged as his leading suitors. It is stated that the Hammers are ready to 'firm up' their interest in the Senegal international, with Watford ready to sell for the 'right price'. That price is understood to be in the region of £25m and is one that West Ham are thought to be willing to pay. READ MORE: West Ham spark Rice transfer panic as Man Utd and Chelsea sniff around Hammers boss David Moyes is searching for a replacement for Andriy Yarmolenko, who was allowed to leave the London Stadium at the expiration of his contract. They are targeting a player who can operate on the right-side of midfield, a position Sarr made all but one of his appearances in last term. The Watford star is said to 'fit the bill' with his versatility making him a standout target for Moyes. West Ham will be encouraged to push through a move for Sarr by comments from his former boss Claudio Ranieri, who hailed the winger during his short time as Watford manager. DON'T MISS: Yarmolenko stuns fans with goal in emotional Scotland v Ukraine clash (NEWS)West Ham's Jarrod Bowen details England World Cup dream (INSIGHT)Man City chiefs reach Rice transfer decision which will impact Man Utd (TRANSFERS) “For me he is a diamond. He is a diamond and I have to work with him in every direction. I think he can achieve very big things. When I worked in France I was told there are so many diamonds there but it is important to work with the general football philosophy that is in Europe,” the Italian said. “Ismaila is one of the players who can decide – in any moment – the match. I don’t want to give him more motivation, he’s young I don’t want to put too much pressure on him. He has to play how he is used to playing.”