Arsenal are reportedly unperturbed by Tottenham's interest in Gabriel Jesus and are looking to continue their pursuit of the Manchester City star. A striker is top of Mikel Arteta's wish list in the summer transfer window. Arsenal are not worried about Tottenham's growing interest in City star Jesus and are confident they can beat them to his signature. That is despite Spurs pipping their London rivals to fourth spot and thus achieving Champions League football next season. Arteta has made signing a striker this summer a priority after losing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette, though Eddie Nketiah looks set to sign a new contract. Several have been linked in recent months including Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Lautaro Martinez and Alexander Isak. But one name has shot up the list to become a potential priority in the form of Jesus from City, where they are prepared to let him leave. With Erling Haaland on the way, the 21-year-old will no doubt be given a key role in the squad, further pushing the Brazilian down the pecking order. As that deal was announced, it became clear that there might not be a future for Jesus at City and a transfer away was immediately planned. A reunion with Arteta became a real prospect as a result, who knows about his talent from his time as assistant coach at the Etihad. However, Arsenal are not the only club interested in the former Palmeiras star with Tottenham also keen on his services. Antonio Conte has been emboldened in the transfer window after Spurs clinched fourth spot ahead of their local rivals. It has strengthened their position in the market with Ivan Perisic already signing and Djed Spence also linked. And a further ploy to beat Arsenal to the signing of Jesus will certainly rankle in the red half of north London. According to transfer journalist Pete O'Rourke, though, Arsenal are unconcerned by Tottenham's interest in Jesus and believe they still hold all the cards. In fact, they consider themselves favourites to beat Spurs to the signing of Jesus. The 26-year-old is one of Arteta's most coveted targets while he is keen to bring in at least two strikers while Jesus can play across the entire front three. Towards the end of the season, the forward was in flying form - including a four-goal haul against Watford. It prompted Guardiola to say: “I want to tell you something, Gabriel is our player. I don’t know what is going to happen but he is a Manchester City player. “But Gabriel doesn’t need to do a performance like today to score four goals to know exactly what he can do. Against Liverpool in the FA Cup, he had two clear chances man to man and he missed them, but always he is there, and Gabriel has this incredible ability because he is always thinking what is the best for the team. “A thousand million movements, he doesn’t get the ball and he still makes a thousand million movements for the other ones. And personally, when he has nights like this I am the happiest man in the world because always he’s there. "If he doesn’t play he’s there training the day after like it’s his last day, that’s why he will have a long career, he will have a successful career because of the incredible positivity in his mind and thinks for the team.”