Prince William was born on this day (June 21) 40 years ago to Prince Charles and Princess Diana, and as the second in line to the throne, his birth was marked with national fanfare. Coincidentally, William turns 40 just a few months after his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge also reached the milestone, and it seems the pair are planning to celebrate their birthdays jointly this summer.  Plans are reportedly in the works for a royal soiree at Windsor or Sandringham to celebrate both Kate and William's respective 40ths, as Kate had a quiet birthday with rising Covid rates in January. The Queen has agreed a party can be held to "celebrate their landmark birthdays in style", royal sources told the Daily Mirror. The royals have thrown some almighty bashes for decade birthdays in the past, and Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall are expected to be in attendance at William and Kate's - possibly alongside the Queen. The monarch, 96, is likely to confirm her attendance at the party nearer the time as she continues to experience episodic mobility problems.  READ MORE: Lilibet and Archie tipped to receive title from Prince Charles Kate's 40th earlier this year was thought to have been reduced to an intimate family gathering as the Omicron Covid variant swept through the UK. A source told the Daily Mail at the time: "There are likely to be low-key celebrations for the Duchess. She didn't want anything flashy anyway – that's not exactly her thing – but particularly given the current climate anything is likely to be scaled down." Today on his actual birthday, William is likely to be spending a quiet day with his family, as is usually the case for royal birthdays. Tributes to the Duke of Cambridge have also been rolled out by royal social media accounts and royal fans today in celebration of his milestone birthday.   Pictures of William as a newborn, after he graduated from St Andrews, at Sandhurst, as a Search and Rescue pilot and on his wedding day were shared by the Royal Family's official Twitter account. A snap of William with his three children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, was also shared alongside the message: "Happy Birthday to The Duke of Cambridge!" Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall's Clarence House account also shared some sweet snaps of Charles and his elder son over the years. Instead of a birthday message, the Kensington Palace Twitter account has aimed to highlight William's work with the Big Issue and homelessness charities.  DON'T MISS:Prince George follows William's lead with adorable cake sale [INSIGHT]Jennie Bond addresses 'burden of kingship' for Prince William [VIDEO]Prince William 40th birthday: Queen pays tribute with stunning pics [PICTURES] Alongside a video of William selling the Big Issue, a message read: "Earlier this month, we joined together for a very special hour selling the @BigIssue on the streets of London. "Read more about how and why this came about in this week’s edition. "I was eleven when I first visited @PassageCharity with my mother and since then, homelessness has stuck with me as an issue I want to fight for. "I have always believed in using my platform to help bring attention and action to those who are struggling and I commit to doing what I can to shine a spotlight on this solvable issue not just today, but in the months and years to come." 