Margherita Mecenero, 47, who lives in Stoke-on-Trent, has hit out at a van driver who parked 50cm away from her doorway. She said she was left fuming after she discovered the vehicle parked so closely. It was reported that the 47-year-old called out for the driver who eventually apologised before moving the van. Ms Mecenero added that the cul-de-sac has been plagued with problem parkers ever since she moved in four years ago. The bet365 employee is now calling on Stoke-on-Trent City Council to dish out fines for people who park inconsiderately. She told StokeonTrentLive: “I opened the door around 10am to get to my car which was parked in front of the house. Right in front of me, I had this van parked on the pavement. I did not know what to say. READ MORE: Driver fined £100 after parking for 25 minutes “It was blocking my door so I was like ‘hello’ to see if someone was there because the back of the van was wide open. “They are scaffolding two houses away from mine. He parked in front of mine and my neighbour's door, there were other spaces to park. “After a while a guy came down and I was like ‘do you think it’s normal to park your van in front of people’s doors like this?’. He didn’t even care about it. “There was another car in front of mine so I could not go out. DON'T MISS James Bond supercars up for auction at Goodwood Festival of Speed [REVEAL] The UK’s most fuel-efficient cars named - Mercedes, Volvo, Volkswagen [INSIGHT] Traffic wardens striking - no parking fines may cost council £30k [WARNING] “I asked them to move. I eventually managed to go out but it was almost impossible for me to exit.” She added: "Parking is crazy, they just park everywhere. “People will drive through the pedestrian way if they are going around in order to enter the cul-de-sac. There has been a problem with traffic forever. “We feel like we are not looked after in this area and no one cares or respects the people who live here. “This example was really extreme because it’s never happened before where it's right outside the door. “There should be some signs or cameras to say if you park like this you will get fined. The council needs to look after this area a bit better.” Ms Mecenero’s comments come amid Government reviews into the parking system across the UK. The Department for Transport is now considering a total ban on pavement parking. As it stands parking on pavements is only illegal in London. Nonetheless, cars blocking the pathways cause serious problems for pedestrians - especially the elderly, disabled people and those who are using prams or pushchairs. Drivers are being warned to familiarise themselves with the pavement parking regulations to avoid getting fines ahead of any potential changes. A spokesperson for LeaseCar.uk said: “At the moment, there is a significant grey area when it comes to parking on pavements. “Although people are advised to keep the pavements clear for pedestrians, there are many places in the UK where roads are so narrow that you have no other option but to park your car on the pavement.” Express.co.uk has approached Stoke-on-Trent City Council for a comment.