Alongside the classic cheeseburger, Big Mac and McNuggets, McDonald’s likes to introduce its customers to new and exciting flavours from around the world. Usually, the Great Tastes of America are available across the summer months, but from Wednesday June 8, the fast-food giant is giving customers a taste of the Mediterranean with a new menu inspired by Italian, Spanish and Cypriot cuisines. There are four new burgers to enjoy; The Italian Stack, The Crispy Chicken Italiano, The Spanish Stack and The Chicken Fiesta. In addition, the popular mozzarella dippers are returning, and joining them will be the introduction of halloumi fries. A limited-edition Tiramisu McFlurry is also on offer, as well as a Spanish Fruit Punch drink. The full menu won’t be available at one time, instead the flavours from the Mediterranean will feature for a few weeks before changing. READ MORE: SPAR recalls popular sweet treat due to undeclared ingredient A Taste of Italy arrives first and includes The Italian Stack - a lasagne-inspired burger. Priced at £5.39, it consists of two 100 percent beef patties, mozzarella, crispy onions, a rich tomato sauce, lettuce and a smooth cheese sauce in a tomato and herb style bun. The Crispy Chicken Italiano, also £5.39, is a chicken fillet topped with tomato, mozzarella, a basil pesto style sauce, red onion and lettuce in a toasted ciabatta style bun. The mozzarella dippers will also be available, they are priced at £1.99 or £5.39 for a sharebox. DON'T MISS...How to lose weight without going on a diet - 5 easy steps [EXCLUSIVE]Menopausal skincare: How to reduce redness and manage hot flushes [VIDEO]How Meghan Markle showed ‘the world she was nervous’ [EXPERT] To round off A Taste of Italy, the Tiramisu McFlurry can be purchased for £1.19 mini or £1.69 regular. To accompany the whipped ice cream are chocolate flavoured biscuit pieces and a heavy drizzle of coffee and chocolate sauce. The Taste of Italy menu runs until July 26. From July 27 to September 6, The Taste of Spain and Cyprus arrives, and with it the long-awaited halloumi fries. Priced at £2.49 single or £6.49 sharebox, the halloumi fries are coated in a light batter and served with a rich tomato dip. In addition, The Spicy Spanish Stack (£5.39) will be available. It features two 100 percent beef patties, chilli cheddar, red onion, spicy tomato sauce and lettuce served in a warm paprika bun. For chicken lovers, The Chicken Fiesta (£5.39) is a crispy chicken fillet topped with Chorizo, chilli cheddar, spicy tomato sauce, red onion and lettuce served up in a warm toasted chilli and paprika bun. Finally, a new fruity drink has been added to the limted-edition menu. The Spanish Fruit Punch will be on offer for £2.29 for medium or £2.61 for large. Prices may vary across UK restaurants. Some lucky journalists have managed to try the menu ahead of its launch. My London rated the Tiramisu McFlurry a six out of five claiming it to be “McDonald's biggest innovation to date”. “The Tiramisu McFlurry is the stuff of dreams…I will personally be eating five of these a day and nobody can stop me.” As for the halloumi fries, reporters added they were “brilliantly crispy on the outside and soft, salty and succulent on the inside”.