Queen Elizabeth is perhaps best known as the Virgin Queen as she ended the Tudor monarchy after refusing to marry or have children. The red-haired royal reigned for 45 years and her time on the throne has been the subject of many films and documentaries. However, far less is known about the Queen's teenage years which is what drew Alicia von Rittberg to portray the sovereign in the new Starzplay series Becoming Elizabeth. Alicia spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how she prepared for the role as well as her "worries" about portraying the monarch. The German actress explained the script for Becoming Elizabeth "captured that young girl so well" as she tries to navigate her way through her teenage years. Discussing the role, she added: "[The script] really sold me and I thought I would love to play that character." A considerable amount of preparation went into the part, the 28-year-old star revealed. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes stunned as MP cuts interview short She had to master an English accent, learn to horse ride and write in calligraphy as well as look like the young ruler. Queen Elizabeth is instantly recognisable in portraits for her ivory complexion, fiery red curly hair and elaborate collars which were a symbol of power. Alicia, who naturally has dark blonde sleek locks, decided to dye her hair ginger in order to embody the monarch for the role. However, she was concerned about the amount of dye and hair extensions she used for the part, adding: "I became so much like that character that at some point I was worried my actual hair would grow red as well." However, by the time Alicia opened up to Express.co.uk about Becoming Elizabeth, her hair was back to blonde with no traces of red dye.  Reflecting on how she got herself ready for the role, she said: "I just had the most amazing preparation in terms of learning how to horse ride and write calligraphy, doing a bit of ancient Greek and work on my British accent. "All of these things were so helpful to help with experiencing the lifestyle she must have had when she was younger as well. "I think there could not have been a better preparation than that." Alicia started working on her British accent months ahead of filming with the help of a dialogue coach. When asked how she felt about portraying such a historic figure, the actress revealed: "I think in a way I am quite lucky because that time of her life was not covered that much. DON'T MISS...Becoming Elizabeth star Alicia von Rittberg details pressures of role [EXCLUSIVE]Becoming Elizabeth star unveils similarities with Helen Mirren [EXCLUSIVE]Queen has embraced technology ‘very well’ as ‘Zoom monarch’ [ROYALS] "So I feel like you don’t have the comparison to other brilliant actresses who have portrayed Elizabeth before which I think really helped. "On the other hand, I was still incredibly intimated because you don’t want to get it wrong, you know. "One, because so many great actresses have played her and secondly because she was a person who lived and you want to do her justice." Award-winning actresses including Margot Robbie, Dame Helen Mirren and Cate Blanchett have all portrayed the Virgin Queen in films.  Becoming Elizabeth focuses on how orphaned teenager Elizabeth Tudor became caught up in the political and sexual politics of the English court. In the Starzplay series, the death of King Henry VIII sees his nine-year-old son Edward, (played by Oliver Zetterström) take become King. But a bitter fight for power emerges when Elizabeth, Edward and their sister Mary (Romola Garai) compete for control of the country. Becoming Elizabeth is now available to watch on Starzplay.  