This includes a property worth £1million, a home with huge renovation potential and the average cost of a home in the area. Windsor Castle was built by William The Conqueror in the 11th century and remains one of the popular attractions in the UK. The town is also home to The Long Walk, a historic three mile avenue from Windsor Castle to the Copper Horse Statue, offering tourists and residents alike an escape from the busy town centre. Although Windsor Castle has made the town famous, there are also plenty of other reasons why buyers favour homes in the town and its surrounding villages. Just 20 miles from central London, Windsor is an excellent choice for city commuters with the choice of two train stations. It is also home to top schools, historic homes, lots of shopping opportunities and plenty of green spaces. There are also lots of local attractions for families and couples to enjoy including the Theatre Royal, Legoland and Windsor Great Park. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share hack to get rid of ‘musty’ washing machine smells There are a lot of different housing types in Windsor including new flat blocks, old cottages and riverside apartments. The average house price in Windsor currently stands at £627,000, according to OnTheMarket. Express.co.uk, in partnership with OnTheMarket, has found three homes for sale within a 20-mile radius of Windsor. This includes a home worth £1million, a property with renovation potential and a property worth the average asking price in the area. Property: Three-bedroom detached house Location: Windsor, Berkshire Price: £1,000,000 Marketed by: Bovingdons Estate Agents, Windsor, via OnTheMarket DON'T MISS:How to keep your windows ‘streak-free’ using 26p natural product [EXPLAINER]Lawn: How to get ‘luscious’ green grass within a ‘few hours’ [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans’ 15p tip for cleaning electric hobs - ‘holy grail’ [INSIGHT] This stunning home is set within a gated and private location on the banks of the River Thames, just a short distance from Windsor town centre. The home is modern, boasting gorgeous wood flooring throughout and a stylish grey kitchen. The ground floor is home to a spacious sitting room, dining room, kitchen and bathroom. Potential homebuyers could also benefit from the home office which is accessible through the garden. Upstairs there are three double bedrooms, all with built-in storage, with two having access to outside space with views across the river and communal gardens. The master bedroom has a modern ensuite. The immediate outside space of the property is a decked patio, perfect for al fresco dining. There is also a private, block-paved driveway behind gates which can provide parking for two vehicles. Property: Three-bedroom detached house Location: Taplow, Buckinghamshire Price: £450,000 Marketed by: Oakwood Estates of Burnham, Burnham, via OnTheMarket This three-bedroom home is located in a quiet cul-de-sac location and is in need of modernisation. On the ground floor it has a large living room which leads onto the dining room. The property also has a large kitchen, utility room and benefits from a downstairs cloakroom. Upstairs, there are three bedrooms and a family bathroom. There is also off-street parking to the rear of the home as well as an 18ft garage. Taplow is less than half a mile away from the home, making it ideal for commuters into London as it is located on the Crossrail train line. Burnham is also just one mile away, offering plenty of shopping facilities. The area has great schooling options as well as many golf courses and sporting facilities. Property: Three-bedroom detached house Location: West Drayton, Hillingdon Price: £600,000 Marketed by: Oakwood Estates of West Drayton, West Drayton, via OnTheMarket This three-bedroom house is modern throughout, with a grey and white colour scheme. The ground floor is home to a cloakroom, living room and kitchen/dining room. Upstairs, there are three good sized bedrooms as well as a family bathroom. The property also benefits from a garage and a stunning garden, fitted with artificial grass. Potential homebuyers could also make use of the off-road parking for two cars, with a shared drive to the side giving access to the garage. The property is located just a 10 minute walk from West Drayton, which provides frequent train services to London within 25 minutes. West Drayton is also on Crossrail with links to both Reading and Stratford. It is also located close to Uxbridge, a town centre offering plenty of shops and eateries.