Mould and mildew are the biggest culprits attacking the grout between bathroom tiles, and not only can this pose a health risk, but it can also stain the grout a shady grey or yellow in colouring. Although the word ‘stain’ sounds permanent, there are actually methods to lift them - and even better - you should be able to do so using simple items you might already have in the cupboard. Grout is layered between tiles as a watertight seal to prevent any water and debris from getting behind and causing the wall to rot. However, due to it generally being made from concrete, it’s very porous in form, which means it doesn’t take much for them to get grimy. Ideally, experts recommend bathroom tiles be cleaned at least once a fortnight to keep them in the best condition and prevent a build-up. This way, upkeep will be easier and you’ll have less grime to tackle when you do eventually get round to the deep clean. But understandably, cleaning bathroom tiles can seem like a lengthy task - especially if your whole wall is plastered with them - and tends to be put off by many.  READ MORE: 'Cheap & gets stain every time': Mrs Hinch fans share 'amazing' tip  So for those finally attempting to tackle the grout - as well as those who are finished with buying expensive tile cleaners, here are two easy DIY remedies to knock up and apply to freshen up your tiles. With any new homemade cleaning method, it’s important to start off with a mild solution and work your way up in strength if stains don’t budge. Mira Showers suggests a good starting point is mixing up a formula of seven cups of warm water, half a cup of baking soda, a third of a cup of ammonia, and a quarter of a cup of white vinegar together. Mix it until the baking soda is entirely dissolved and pour the mixture into a spray bottle. This will make it easier to target specific areas, but keeping it in the bowl and dousing a cloth in it can work too.  Spray the solution onto the grout until it’s completely damp and leave it for around five minutes. Using a hard-bristled brush, start scrubbing at the grout - applying particular pressure to the problem areas. Next, wipe up the dirty liquid with a damp cloth. Make sure to wring this out in a separate bucket to prevent the risk of wiping the mould back onto the tiles. Go over the tiles again with a wet cloth, and dry with a tile. This should have done a firm job of sprucing up your tiles, but if you have any particularly tough stains, mix up a hydrogen peroxide and baking soda solution for boss-level whitening.  DON'T MISS:Oven cleaning: ‘Extremely easy’ 29p way to clean your oven glass [INSIGHT]‘Natural solution’ for ‘fighting grease’ in the kitchen - and it’s 19p [EXPLAINED]Is cornflour the new baking soda? 5 effective cornflour cleaning hacks [ANALYSIS]   To tackle the tough stains, mix hydrogen peroxide and baking soda into a bowl until it forms a paste. Spread this paste into the grout using a hard-bristled brush or toothbrush and let it soak in for around five to 10 minutes. Again, using the rougher brush, scrub away at the now-dried solution and repeat the process if the stains still haven’t lifted. Wipe down the tiles with a damp cloth and dry with a towel.  There are several ways to maintain your tiles after busting the dirt, and a simple way to start is to wipe down your tiles with a dry towel after they get wet. You can also use a grout sealer, which will create a protective layer over the grout and prevent it from staining. It’s also important to keep your bathroom well-ventilated. Damp environments are a hotspot for mould growth, so make sure to open windows or turn on the extractor fan if you have one, when showering to ventilate the room. 