Speaking to Iain Dale for his LBC podcast, the former wife of Prince Andrew said she believed it was important to be “gentle and still” with her grandchildren, waiting patiently for them to come to her and “explore who this older lady is”. Ms Ferguson has two grandchildren, August Philip Hawke Brooksbank, who was born last year, and Sienna Elizabeth Mapelli Mozzi, who is just eight months old.    Ms Ferguson said: “How do you relate to your grandchildren? I think you should just be present. You don’t rush in the door and hold your hands out and say ‘Oh, can I have a cuddle?’ “Hold on a minute, they’re just eight months old and 15 months old. They’re probably going, ‘Oh, who’s that?’ “You know, just be gentle, be still, sit quietly and wait for them to explore to see who this older lady in the room is. “So, I have a really lovely time with them and I’m there as much as they wish or not.”    Ms Ferguson’s eldest daughter, Princess Beatrice, gave birth to Sienna in September while Princess Eugenie welcomed August in February last year. Earlier this year, Prince Andrew’s ex-wife said that one of her favourite things to do was to read to her grandchildren. She said she had not yet decided what name she would like to be called yet by the younglings but she will be happy with whatever they settle on. She added that she likes to play trains with her elder grandchild, though if he wanted to play with Barbies, that would be okay, too. READ MORE: Sarah Ferguson’s wish for grandchildren Sienna and August laid bare [REVEAL]   Princess Beatrice and businessman Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi married on July 17, 2020 two years after the Princess ended a 10-year relationship with Uber executive Dave Clark. Mr Mozzi shares a son, Christopher, with Taiwanese-American architect Dara Huang. The boy is five years old. Prince Andrew’s eldest daughter expressed her joy at becoming a stepmother to Christopher after she married Mr Mozzi. After the birth of their own child, Sienna, Buckingham Palace wrote: “The baby weighs 6 pounds and 2 ounces. DON'T MISS: ‘I will stand very firmly by Andrew’ Sarah Ferguson defends ex-husband [REPORT] Sarah Ferguson enchanting in 'wonderful' emerald dress - pictures [REVEAL] Inside Royal Lodge where Prince Andrew stayed for entire Jubilee [INSIGHT]   “The new baby’s grandparents and great-grandparents have all been informed and are delighted with the news. “The family would like to thank all the staff at the hospital for their wonderful care. Her Royal Highness and her child are both doing well.” Princess Eugenie, whose son August was born during the pandemic, has frequently updated royal fans about her child’s life on Instagram. She shared a photo of her son and husband in honour of Trooping the Colour at the start of June to mark the start of the Platinum Jubilee.   