Mo Harris (played by Laila Morse) is set to return to EastEnders over the summer as the Slater clan continues to cause havoc in Walford. In recent scenes, Jean Slater (Gillian Wright) volunteered to stay at a mental health facility after accidentally hurting her daughter Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) but could Mo’s return signal a tragedy for Jean? Mo was last seen in Albert Square in 2021 after leaving Jean with a cannabis farm in the Slaters’ shed. Stacey was in prison at the time after being falsely accused of assaulting Ruby Allen (Louisa Lytton). Since Mo’s departure, Stacey returned to Walford with her wife Eve Unwin (Heather Peace) and Jean’s mental health deteriorated. The Slater gran is now receiving treatment away from her family but was initially reluctant to stay at the mental health facility over fears for her safety. Read more: Why isn't EastEnders on BBC One? EastEnders has confirmed Mo’s return to the square will be brief. Could a family tragedy be the reason the stalwart returns home? Mo left Albert Square for a life of fun on a cruise ship with her beloved Fat Elvis. Her exit was tied up with Ruby’s scheming as the club owner used Mo’s cannabis farm to try and frame Jean. Considering Mo’s exit was connected with Jean it would make sense if her return is also related to the beloved character. Stacey is extremely worried about her mum and discharged her from the medical facility when Jean expressed concerns over her safety. Ultimately, the Slaters were ill-equipped to help Jean and the grandmother agreed to return to the facility after injuring her daughter. However, Jean’s safety fears may not have been unfounded and could have dramatic consequences for the Slaters. DON'T MISSEastEnders theory: Lauren Branning returns as Peter seeks revenge [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Lily Slater in danger after running away [SPOILER]EastEnders theory: Kim Fox pregnant but Howie isn't the father [THEORY] Could Jean clash with another patient on her ward in a tragic twist of fate? The Slater matriarch could be attacked and possibly killed while staying in the hospital. Will Mo return to Walford for Jean’s funeral as the Slater family comes together to honour her? EastEnders fans will have to wait and see what spurs on the dodgy dealer’s sudden reappearance. Speaking out on reprising her role, actress Laila said: “I always have so much fun playing Mo so I can’t wait to get back to the Square and see what mischief she gets up to this time. “I’ve missed my on-screen family so much and can’t wait to see everyone again.” Laila will be filming scenes over the summer and return for a short stint later this year. EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.