Camilla, 74, is on a royal tour to Rwanda with her husband Prince Charles. The Duchess of Cornwall has stepped out in what appears to be a £269 dress from Bombshell. Described as a limited edition dress, the ‘Liberty print toucan hide in Tana Lawn’ dress retails for just £269.  It is nearly sold out but looks great on Camilla. The description on the website says: “The collar is the perfect width and can be fashioned up or down. “It has the signature 3/4 sleeve with a 'down to work' turn back. “The bodice of the dress is fashioned to skim your curves, accommodating your bust shape and height.  “The covered button placket means that there's no gaping to worry about. “The length is a fashionable and easy midi length. The pockets - well they are magnificent!” Camilla is also sporting her gorgeous Lalaounis earrings in the shape of a fish. She last wore these gold jewels when she announced the winner of the Platinum Pudding competition.   Experts from jewellers H&T previously told Express.co.uk: “These earrings seem to be of a hammered gold, stylised fish design, in the shape of the jeweller Lalaounis. "Being of just gold and not gem-set would suggest they are for daywear.” H&T also estimated the value of the earrings, adding: “These earrings by Lalaounis are made of 18-carat gold, so we would expect them to retail around £15,000 to £20,000.” Lalaouins is a jewellery brand founded in the mid-1900s by Greek goldsmith and jeweller Ilias Lalaounis.  Described as works of art by jewellery experts and writers in the past, the company specialises in gold necklaces, bracelets, and earrings. Mr Withington of William May also commented on Camilla’s unique earrings. He said: “These unusual, statement hammered yellow gold earrings, with the shape of a stylised fish, look very Indian in design.” The managing director estimated the jewels’ price too, saying: “If these gold earrings have been made from 18 carats or even 24-carat gold, they would easily be worth several thousand pounds.  “But they could well be made from gold vermeil, which is a fraction of the price of solid gold – most likely a few hundred pounds – and would be lighter too, so more comfortable to wear as earrings.” He added: “Camilla is very much showing her personal taste with these earrings, which I have to say do look fabulous on her.” The Duchess and Prince Charles are attending a BookAid/Q.C.E.C event at Kigali Public Library today. 