The Frenchman drew international condemnation after Snap-chat footage emerged of him volleying his pet cat across his kitchen, before throwing a pair of shoes at it and slapping its head, saying: “I swear – I’ll kill it.” District judge Susan Holdham called his actions “disgraceful and reprehensible.”  Ms Holdham said: “The cat looked up to you to care for its needs. “On that date in February you did not provide for its needs but you caused unnecessary suffering for your own amusement.” A West Ham spokesman said the club hopes “everyone will allow Kurt the chance to learn from his mistake and move on.” Zouma pleaded guilty last week to causing unnecessary suffering to a cat after blaming the family pet for damaging a chair.  His two Bengal males have since been rehomed. The court was told the attack was filmed by younger brother Yoan, 24, and sent to a woman he was to go on a date with. But the woman was so shocked that she called off their meeting, telling him: “I don’t think hitting a cat like that is OK – don’t bother coming today.” The court heard Yoan, who plays lower-league football with Dagenham and Redbridge, had 80 followers on Snapchat, and only five accounts had viewed the video before it was deleted a few minutes after being posted.  Yoan admitted one count of aiding, abetting, counselling or procuring his older brother to commit an offence. Sentencing the pair, the district judge said: “Both of you took part in this disgraceful and reprehensible act with this pet cat. “You must be aware that others look up to you and many young people aspire to emulate you.” Kurt Zouma was also told to pay court costs of nearly £9,000 while Yoan has to do 140 hours of community service. The hearing lasted 15 minutes.  The court heard Zouma has been subject to racist abuse and threats, lost a “substantial” sponsorship deal with Adidas, was fined £250,000 by his club and has lost his France team place. But his legal team’s claims that seven people are to be prosecuted for abusing him were later dismissed by police. A West Ham spokesman added they wanted to make clear “that we condemn in the strongest terms any form of animal abuse or cruelty. This type of behaviour is unacceptable.  “Within 48 hours of the footage emerging, we fined Kurt the maximum available to the club.” He said “every penny” went to animal charities. The RSPCA’s Dermot Murphy said: “We hope this case will serve as a reminder all animals deserve to be treated with kindness, compassion and respect, and we will not tolerate cruelty by anybody.”