The new Premier League campaign is just a few months away, as the players rest up after another hard-fought campaign. But while some footballers are relaxing on the beach, the teams will already be looking to the 2022-2023 season, as the fixtures are unveiled. Manchester City won last season's Premier League title, rounding off another superb campaign by Pep Guardiola's Citizens. Liverpool pushed City all the way to the final game of the season, but ultimately came up against a superior opposition. Chelsea and Tottenham completed the top four, with Arsenal narrowly missing out. Manchester United finished in sixth, with fans counting the days until the season finished. READ MORE: Ex-Man Utd and Chelsea chief makes Everton bid At the other end of the table, Norwich City continued their habit of changing between the top flight and the Championship, and dropped down to the second-tier. Watford and Burnley were also relegated, as Leeds United narrowly survived on the final game of the season. Next year will feature some familiar faces, with Fulham and Bournemouth returning to the Premier League. There's also a long-waited return for Nottingham Forest, who won the play-off final against Huddersfield Town. The fixtures for the 2022-2023 season will be released on Thursday June 16, at 9am. The fixtures will include matches for every week from Gameweek 1 through to Gameweek 38. However, the fixture dates will be subject to change, based on TV selections. DON'T MISSArsenal confirm first summer signing as 'player for future' arrives [NEWS]Harry Kane fires warning to Erling Haaland and Darwin Nunez [QUOTES]Frenkie de Jong handed extra incentive for Man Utd transfer [ANALYSIS] The first games of the season will take place on August 6 2022. It will be an unusually early start for the league, which usually waits until mid-August at the earliest to get underway. But, the World Cup in Qatar forced the Premier League to shift around its usual schedule. There will be a pause in Premier League matches after Gameweek 16 on November 13. Arsenal Aston Villa Bournemouth Brentford Brighton and Hove Albion Chelsea Crystal Palace Everton Fulham Leeds United Leicester City Liverpool Manchester City Manchester United Newcastle United Nottingham Forest Southampton Tottenham Hotspur West Ham United Wolverhampton Wanderers