Unfortunately there are no guarantees when it comes to the British weather. However, there are a few beaches where Britons are least likely to experience a rainy day. New research from Parkdean Resorts analysed the rainfall patterns at Britain’s most Googled beaches over one year. READ MORE: Airline strikes 2022: Full list of strike action taking place Botany Bay in Kent is the UK’s sunniest beach and has only 58 rainy days per year, according to Parkdean. Just 18 of those fall between May and September making the beach the perfect spot to enjoy the summer. The beach offers stunning cliff views and plenty of rock pools for children to explore. One visitor wrote on Tripadvisor: “A lovely beach encased by high chalk cliffs, clean, with golden sands.” Severn Beach in Bristol was the second sunniest spot with just 62 rainy days in an average year. The South Gloucestershire beach has a paved promenade with a small shingle beach offering plenty of trails. Visitors could walk part of the Severn Way which is a whopping 210 miles long and takes in the beach. One visitor said: “Went for a nice stroll along this beach with good views of the bridge in the distance.” READ MORE: Cruise guests offer travel warning for first time passengers Eastbourne Beach rounded off the top three sunniest beaches with just 19 days of rain in an average summer. The resort town of Eastbourne has a 19th century pier and a pretty beach suitable for families. Kimmeridge Bay in Dorset is also one of the UK’s sunniest spots with just 64 rainy days per year. The stunning beach is located within a marine Special area of Conservation and offers excellent rockpooling opportunities. The UK’s rainiest beach is Luskentyre Beach in Stornoway which has an average of 43 rainy days during summer alone. However, the stunning beach on the Isle of Harris looks almost Caribbean with clear blue waters. One tourist wrote on Tripadvisor: “Forget the Caribbean and Indian Ocean, this is the most beautiful wild ocean beach on earth. “White sand and turquoise sea make this the most special of places you must visit.”