Manchester City are looking to copy a Chelsea transfer tactic as Pep Guardiola prepares to sanction the sale of Gavin Bazunu. The Irishman enjoyed a successful loan spell at Portsmouth last season and is now closing in on a £10million move to Southampton. The Saints saw Fraser Forster join Tottenham on a free transfer this week at the expiration of his contract at St Mary's Stadium. That has put them in the market for a new goalkeeper, with Bazunu quickly rising to the top of their shopping list. Though just 20 years old, Bazunu was one of the stars of League One last term, quickly becoming Portsmouth's first-choice. His performances at Fratton Park look set to have earned him a move to his former loan side's fiercest rivals. According to talkSPORT, he is 'on the brink' of joining Ralph Hasenhuttl's side in a £10m transfer deal. Bazunu had been offered a new deal by City but has rejected the improved terms of £45,000 per week. READ MORE: Man City's Guardiola could have influence in Man Utd's De Jong pursuit Guardiola is said to be 'reluctant' to let him leave, given that he has widely been tipped as a future star. But they have now agreed to let him go, with Zack Steffen and Ederson both ahead of him in the pecking order. To get a move over the line, Southampton have been forced to agree to inserting a buy-back clause into the deal. That figure is said to be 'significant', with there being 'no chance' of City agreeing to the transfer if it was no included. DON'T MISS: Utd 'join the race' for £43m City target they think has huge potential (TRANSFERS)Leeds' Phillips told he can reach a new level if he quits for Man City (INSIGHT)Pep Guardiola's 'secret Paul Pogba meeting' saw Man Utd star snub City (NEWS) The clause is similar to that which Chelsea inserted into their sale of Tino Livramento to the Saints last summer. As part of that deal, the Blues will be able to buy the fullback back for a fee in the region of £40m. Bazunu himself has been 'promised' that he will be the Saints' first-choice keeper next season. The Irishman's decision to join Southampton is unlikely to go down well at his former club Pompey, where he came close to winning the Player of the Year award.