Emmerdale's Amy Wyatt (played by Chelsea Halfpenny) didn't have the easiest time growing up as her mum gave her up and she became the foster daughter of Val (Charlie Hardwick) and Eric Pollard (Chris Chittell) in 2010. The ITV drama saw the youngster go through various ups and downs during her time in the village until it all got too much for her. This led to Amy's dramatic exit storyline in 2013 when fans believed she had left for good. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Emmerdale.Amy had a fling with the series' resident villain Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) and became pregnant with their son Kyle. The pair fought for custody of him and when Amy lost, she attempted to kidnap her young child. However, she ended up giving Kyle back and fleeing to Ireland for fear of facing criminal charges for her actions. Amy was gone for six years until she returned to Emmerdale but this time, actress Natalie Anne Jamieson took over the role from Halfpenny. READ MORE: Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser After her exit from Emmerdale, Halfpenny went on to star in BBC One medical drama Casualty. She joined the series in 2015 as Alicia Munroe for four years until she departed in 2019. But her biggest successes since exiting Emmerdale has been away from the small screen and on the stage. In 2014, she started her theatre career playing different roles in the West Yorkshire Playhouse production of Maxine Peake's Beryl. She has also been in the West End theatre production of 9 to 5: The Musical in the role of Judy but at the end of last year, Halfpenny really got her big break. The actress revealed she would be taking over from former The X Factor star Lucie Jones as Jenna in the UK and Ireland tour of West End musical Waitress from January 2022. On top of this, Halfpenny had a brief stint as a pop star with her girlband Vivo in 2009. She reached the national finals of Open Mic UK with the band and appeared on MWM Records DVD named "Big River Big Songs" alongside fellow Emmerdale cast member Charlie Hardwick. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Charity Dingle devastated as Noah killed off-screen [THEORY]Emmerdale: Lucy Pargeter's 'weird' romance scenes with Michael Wildman [EXPLAINER]Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton dead as Chas Dingle takes revenge  [SPOILER] A lot has been happening in Halfpenny's personal life as well as she became engaged to fellow actor James Baxter in June 2021. He featured in BBC's Still Open All Hours as Leroy alongside iconic actor David Jason from 2013 to 2019 for the Christmas specials. Baxter had also worked on Emmerdale, starring as Jake Donald for two years, leaving in 2009 with Halfpenny joining the cast just one year later. Announcing the good news on Instagram, Halfpenny wrote: “He liked it so he went and put a friggin ring on it!!!!!!!! “Obv changed his name to ‘FIANCÈ immediately on my phone. "Also congrats to my 14-year-old self on managing to get the boy with the spikey hair that she fancied so much.” (sic) Halfpenny also has a famous family as she is the daughter of Newcastle DJ Paula Halfpenny and the niece of actress Jill Halfpenny. Jill has been in a number of popular series over the years, including Coronation Street, EastEnders, Waterloo Road and In The Club. She also won the Glitterball Trophy on Strictly Come Dancing with dance partner Darren Bennett in 2004. Emmerdale is available to watch on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 7.30pm on ITV.