Britney Spears, 40, is reportedly set to marry fiancé, Sam Asghari, 28, today. According to reports, the Toxic singer and her partner have restricted their wedding guestlist to a very exclusive group of people. Most of Britney’s family are purportedly not invited to the nuptials, with only her brother, Bryan, expected to be in attendance. Sources close to Britney told TMZ the couple are exchanging vows today “in front of a very-exclusive and small guest list of about 100 people". They added that it has not yet been decided who will walk down the aisle alongside Britney. Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for Britney for comment. Britney and Sam got engaged last year, with the pop star announcing the happy news on social media. Taking to Instagram in September, Britney said she “couldn’t believe” that Sam had popped the question. Britney shared a video montage of her brandishing a gorgeous diamond ring. She captioned the footage: "I can’t f*****g believe it!!!!" alongside a stream of ring emojis. Soon after, the couple announced they were expecting a child, who they tragically lost early on in the pregnancy. Last month, Britney received the “devastating” news she had lost her baby, just a month after confirming the pregnancy. Sam and Britney asked fans to respect their privacy at the time, as they navigate the “difficult moment”. The couple released a joint statement on Instagram, sharing the update with their followers. READ MORE...Jennie Bond, 71, leaves fans stunned with unexpected bikini snap [LATEST]Piers Morgan reacts as ‘Aunty Meghan’ tweet sparks 'woke fan' fury [UPDATE]Gorka Marquez supported by Gemma Atkinson as injury forces show exit [INSIGHT] In view of her 41.1 million followers, Britney captioned the post: “We are grateful for what we have in the process of expanding our beautiful family. “Thank you for your support.” The statement read: “It is with our deepest sadness we have to announce that we have lost our miracle baby early in the pregnancy. “This is a devastating time for any parent. “Perhaps we should have waited to announce until we were further along however we were overly excited to share the good news. The couple went on: “Our love for each other is our strength. “We will continue trying to expand our beautiful family.” Britney and Sam finished the statement: “We are grateful for all of your support. “We kindly ask for privacy during this difficult moment. Sam & Britney.”