Manchester United legend Wes Brown feels Erik ten Hag must bring a consistent style to the club during his first year in the dugout. The 52-year-old has been chosen to lead the team this term following the departure of interim boss Ralf Rangnick. And Brown feels that while trophies must be the eventual aim, consistency should be the first target at Old Trafford. Brown won five Premier League titles during his time at United, as well as being involved in their Champions League triumphs in 1999 and 2008. Gone are the days where the Red Devils would win silverware on a regular basis - with the club’s last trophy coming back in 2017, when Jose Mourinho ruled the roost. But while United fans are clamouring for the club to become the biggest and best in the land once again, Brown has told Ten Hag he must achieve consistency in his first season. Speaking exclusively to Express Sport, and when asked what the first-year target should be, he said: “Consistency. “I know everyone talks about trophies but, for me, it’s more about consistency. “Can we get to a level of playing and being good? Can we win them games where we’re not so good, can we scuff out a 1-0 win. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez “We start with the basics, is everybody doing right? Is everybody committed right? “For me, that’s a big key. And can we keep the consistency going? “Last season, you saw that in certain games. There were some games we were brilliant in one half then I don’t know what would happen in the other. “That’s the consistency I’m talking about. We can’t be up and down, we have to be on a nice level and get the confidence going. “From that, the results happen.” DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen It’s been a major summer of change for United, both on and off the pitch. John Murtough is conducting transfer talks these days, with Ed Woodward and Matt Judge previously doing that during their time at the club. And United have also lost Juan Mata, Jesse Lingard, Edinson Cavani, Paul Pogba, Nemanja Matic and Lee Grant on free transfers, too. Woodward’s successor, Richard Arnold, recently sat down with United fans at a local pub to talk about their frustrations. The supporters had previously arranged a protest outside of Arnold’s family home, only for the 51-year-old to buy them drinks in a polite gesture instead. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And Brown feels Arnold deserves credit for the way he handled things, saying: “First of all I don’t think it’s right that people should turn up at someone’s house,” said Brown. “But that’s a completely different matter. “Ultimately, he’s gone down and he’s done it knowing the situation he was putting himself in, and in the right way. “I don’t think there’s anything wrong with that and he’s said what he needed to say. “I don’t think that was orchestrated right (the fans turning up to his house) but he handled it really well.” United are poised to land Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona, having spent all summer pursuing the Netherlands international. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Brown thinks he can be a key asset to his old side, insisting the Red Devils need someone of his calibre as they look to bring the glory days back. “Yeah I do, I think he’s a quality player who is good on the ball,” he said when asked if United required De Jong. “He’s not shy with the ball and we obviously know we’ve had a lot of players leave, especially midfielders in general. “Whether they were getting to the end, a bit older, but there’s been quite a lot gone. “So we’re pretty thin there. Midfield is definitely a signing that we need and De Jong, I think, would fit the bill very nicely.” Former Manchester United defender Wes Brown was speaking ahead of the 360 Sports TV Masters Cup, taking place on the 8th July, available to stream on 360 Sports TV”