Tim Lovejoy and Simon Rimmer were joined by Strictly Come Dancing judge Craig Revel Horwood, Joe Marler, Lisa McGrillis, Geoff Norcott and Andy Lapthorne on this week’s edition of Sunday Brunch. Unfortunately, the Channel 4 show was slammed by viewers on Twitter when an interview with racing driver Alice Powell went rather awry. Tim and Simon claimed they were given the wrong notes during their chat with Alice, who spoke live via video link from the Goodwood Festival of Speed. Alice was beamed into the studio from Chichester to talk about Goodwood’s W Series. Unfortunately, it appeared the presenters hadn’t been suitably prepared to question the driver about women’s racing. Fans took no time at all in taking to Twitter when they realised many of their questions hadn’t been fact-checked. READ MORE: CSI Vegas season 2: Why is William Peterson leaving? They also tried to contrast the series with Formula 1 and were surprised to learn most of the rules actually remained the same. @davels tweeted: “The most cringey interview this morning. Zero research prior and all focused on #F1 rather than #wseries. “Though @alicepowell was awesome,” he admitted. “Good luck next week.” (sic) @_HerrDavid_ said: “Oh dear, get your facts straight before interviews chaps.” They then added: “Watching these two interview anyone about any sport that isn't football is painful.” (sic) @FlopsyPickle complained: “When an expert in her field repeatedly tells you that what you are saying is incorrect, instead of pushing the point, how about you just believe she knows more than you! So rude." User @Dogwii seemed to think the duo's main sports interest was football. To which @davels replied: “Showed through didn't it? All just talking about F1. Amateur hour.” DON'T MISS:Stranger Things season 5 theory: Mike trapped in Upside Down [CLUE]The Last Kingdom star exposes hidden meaning in King Edward change [INSIGHT]Saturday Kitchen fans ‘switch off’ over guest line-up [REACTION] Although, not all viewers were unhappy with the segment, with @jenni_samuel tweeting: “@alicepowell Great to see you on @SundayBrunchC4 this morning. You’re a fab role model & ambassador for the sport.” Simon was also frustrated to find his blender had stopped working during the first part of this week’s Sunday Brunch. The presenter and TV chef began the show by making his smoked mackerel pate with chilli beetroot relish. His full recipe can be found on Instagram, but Simon had more trouble than usual when the crucial kitchen appliance failed to get started. Some viewers couldn’t help noticing the error, with Lee Cobhan quipping: “Blender is f****d.” Thankfully, much of the dish had been prepared earlier, and this week’s guests were eventually able to enjoy a sample of their high-end brunch to start the day. Sunday Brunch airs Sundays from 9:30am on Channel 4.