Lewis Hamilton has spoken out for the first time on shocking footage which appeared to show three-time F1 world champion Nelson Piquet using a racial slur when describing his clash with Max Verstappen at Silverstone in 2021. The Brazilian has been widely condemned by the F1 community for using the term 'neguinho' while discussing Hamilton, who is an avid campaigner for racial equality. Hamilton and Verstappen came together at Copse Corner in 2021, producing one of the defining moments of last season's epic title battle between the pair. The Dutchman went to hospital for precautionary checks, leaving the Brit to win in controversial fashion. The incident sparked debate from F1 figures, and Piquet was asked for his opinion in a video recently released by Brazilian outlet Estadao. "The neguinho put the car in the wrong way on the corner, it's because you don't know the curve," he said. "It's a very high curve, there is no way to pass two cars and there's no way you can put the car aside. He did [Verstappen] dirty. His luck was that only the other one was gone." DON'T MISS: F1 news LIVE: Lewis Hamilton 'racially abused', Horner and Wolff row, British GP latest With Piquet already condemned by Formula 1 and the FIA, Hamilton took to social media early on Tuesday afternoon to address the issue. He broke the silence by quoting a Tweet which read: "What if Lewis Hamilton just tweeted, 'Who the f*** is Nelson Piquet?' then closed Twitter," to which he responded: "Imagine." The Mercedes star then released a targeted message in Portuguese, Piquet's native language, which translated as: "Let's focus on changing the mindset," and then a lengthier follow-up: "It’s more than language. These are archaic mindsets need to change and have no place in our sport. I’ve been surrounded by these attitudes and targeted my whole life. There has been plenty of time to learn. Time has come for action."  Hamilton has become extremely vocal in pushing for racial equality not just in motorsport, but wider society. His passionate speeches on the issue saw him named as the Powerlist's most influential black person of 2021, and has previously described it as 'liberating' to push for change. Among those to stand by the 37-year-old Mercedes ace were the Silver Arrows themselves, who swiftly issued a strong statement on social media which read: "We condemn in the strongest terms any use of racist or discriminatory language of any kind. Lewis has spearheaded our sport’s efforts to combat racism, and he is a true champion of diversity on and off track.  "Together, we share a vision for a diverse and inclusive motorsport, and this incident underlines the fundamental importance of continuing to strive for a brighter future." Piquet won three F1 world titles in the 1980s, and stirred up controversy during his driving career by launching a defamatory comment against Ayrton Senna and labelling Nigel Mansell's wife 'ugly'. The veteran's daughter, Kelly Piquet, is partner to Hamilton's bitter rival Verstappen. 