Electric vehicles might be better for the environment than petrol and diesel cars after they’ve left the factory. However, several issues have been raised with the manufacturing and production of EVs, which can produce a significant amount of emissions, according to an expert. Motoring experts are expecting millions of electric vehicles to hit the road by 2030. And, while EVs have been hailed as a great way to tackle climate change, they might not be as environmentally friendly as experts initially thought. Olly Jones, the Co-founder at elmo, has exclusively told Express.co.uk that electric cars are more environmentally friendly because they are “zero-emission”. This, however, only means that EVs produce no emissions from their exhaust like petrol, diesel, and hybrid vehicles, the expert revealed. READ MORE: Tourist given three fines for parking in middle of market square Mr Jones said: “There are three main concerns raised about how environmentally friendly electric cars are. “The first is the emissions produced when the cars are manufactured. “The second is around disposing of and recycling the battery. “The third is that electric cars run on electricity which is still largely produced by burning fossil fuels.” DON'T MISS Van shortages and record fuel prices could lead to higher costs [REVEAL] Drivers challenged to ditch their vehicles in July to help save planet [INSIGHT] Drivers warned simple car accessory can cause MOT failure and fines [WARNING] Speaking about the manufacturing process, the expert said that it is very “carbon-intensive”. However, this is likely to change in the future. Mr Jones continued: “As manufacturers become better equipped to build EVs, we can expect to see the carbon intensity drop. “Some manufacturers have already committed to dramatically reducing the emissions of their supply chains and facilities including Nissan which is building a carbon-neutral EV manufacturing site in Sunderland. “It’s important then to acknowledge that EVs are not yet 100 percent environmentally friendly. “As we all know, it’s far greener to not own a car and to travel by bike or on foot, but that’s not possible or practical for many people. “Ultimately though, when we compare the emissions of an electric car versus an ICE, we can see that the environmental impact of an electric car is much lower.” Another issue is the battery that powers the EV. Mr Jones said: “It’s important to understand that the battery in an electric car is actually only at the beginning of its useful life cycle. “After its time in a car, a battery then goes into energy storage systems for homes, offices, and factories before finally being recycled, so the valuable raw materials within it can be reused. “The supply of these raw materials to the West is hugely expensive (part of the reason why electric cars are more expensive at the moment) so car manufacturers are investing heavily in their own recycling centres to reduce their future costs. “The aim is to create a ‘closed-loop system’ with minimal waste which is sustainable by definition.” Lastly, the expert spoke about the energy used to power EVs. Mr Jones said: “Last year 26 percent of our energy came from renewables like wind and solar, with a further 25 percent coming from low carbon sources like nuclear rather than from fossil fuels. “As more investment goes into renewables and low carbon supply, we should expect these percentages to increase and create a more renewable supply for our electric cars. “It’s worth mentioning that electric cars and charging have an important role to play in this too. “Smart charging initiatives will allow the National Grid to more easily balance supply and demand, which should help increase the amount of time it can use renewable sources to meet our demands.”