As it stands, only London has a ban on pavement parking. And, while the Highway Code advises against leaving vehicles on pavements, it is not illegal outside of the capital. Hundreds of British motorists have now claimed that blocking pavements is “selfish” and “inconsiderate". On top of that, a motoring expert has claimed that blocked pavement can have a profound effect on those using mobility scooters or wheelchairs. Ryan Fulthorpe, motoring expert at GoCompare, exclusively told Express.co.uk: “The Highway Code states that drivers across the UK should not park on pavements. “Parking on pavements may be easier for the driver, but it can make life more difficult for other pedestrians including those using mobility scooters or wheelchairs. “It can make it difficult for people to continue on their path, and force them to have to use the road as an alternative. READ MORE: Tourist has car flooded after parking in harbour and ignoring advice “Drivers should remember that the intention of pavements is to secure a safe passage for pedestrians and to look for other parking facilities should they be available.” Sustainable transport charity Sustrans agreed with Mr Fulthorpe saying that the practice of pavement parking was “discriminatory” towards disabled members of the public. This is because motorists often block footpaths making it difficult for disabled people to get around. With the debate on pavement parking in full swing, Express.co.uk carried out a poll asking drivers if parking on pavements should be banned. DON'T MISS Parents warned of ‘morning after’ drink driving [WARNING] 15-year-old girl caught teaching dad how to drive [SHOCKING] Drivers face £2,500 fines for arguing while driving [REVEAL] A total of 4,166 people cast their votes with the vast majority, 81 percent (3,394 people) answering “yes”, pavement parking should be banned. A further 18 percent (752 people) said “no” and one percent (20 people) said they did not know. Express.co.uk also asked if motorists should face fines for leaving their vehicles on pavements. This question had 4,068 responses with most people opting in favour of those who park on the pavement being fined. Overall, 81 percent (3,305 people) said “yes” while 18 percent (717 people) said “no”. Just one percent (46 people) said they did not know either way. Hundreds of people have also taken to the comments section to express their views. One reader named Daltonex said: “Pavements are for people not cars. If they park on the pavement disabled people will have no way of travelling safely.” Spicegirl added: “They don't have any consideration for the old or blind trying to walk on a pavement. SELFISH and INCONSIDERATE action.” A third reader named AFG1234 commented: “It is selfish to completely block the pavement, especially when it is unnecessary.” While StreakyBacon wrote: “Ban parking on pavements and fine any culprits heavily.” Many readers also noted that cars often park on the pavement and block the path for pedestrians. A reader named freckles3107 said: “My son is partially sighted, vehicles parked on pavements endanger his life, my life, and any other person they force to walk in the road.” REVet added: “My grandson is wheelchair-bound and a lot of the time if I'm pushing him I have to leave the pavement to go into main road traffic to get around some cars or vans because of thoughtless parking.” Likewise, Edna Woolley wrote: “Some IDIOTS like to park on pavements so people like me in a wheelchair cannot get by on the path.”