Political activist Femi Oluwole Oluwole spoke out against the anger thrown at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle as they have faced backlash for leaving the Jubilee weekend celebrations in a gas-guzzling private jet, to head back to LA. Mr Oluwole then went on to pick at Prince William, who gave a speech the same weekend about how Britons needed to do more to help save the planet because they themselves have flown privately.  Mr Oluwole told Jeremy Vine on 5: "Jets are something that doesn't belong in a world that's supposedly trying to limit climate change. "Because we know that climate change is happening, we know that it's having a major effect on the quality of life in other parts of the world. "We know that the refugee crisis we regularly face are often spurred on by that because parts of the world become uninhabitable. "I am also very interested in the seemingly biased level of anger towards Harry and Meghan. JUST IN: 'Great example!' Kate and William praised by Supernanny after Louis' Jubilee appearance Mr Oluwole added: "Because the idea is they talk about climate change, why are they flying in private jets? "I'm sorry like three days ago, was it two days ago, William stood in front of a crowd of about 700,000 people. "Lecturing us about how we need to look after the planet, and in March this year, he and Kate flew to Belize, on a private jet..." Ms Huntley added: "It's worth saying that was an RAF flight,  and it wasn't a private jet but granted it wasn't a commercial flight either." READ MORE: Meghan's reassuring words to nervous Prince Harry at Platinum Jubilee service REVEALED  The Royal Family have long been advocating for better debate on climate change, with Prince Charles emerging as a leading figure for his efforts over the past 50 years. Prince William continued: “And I'm in awe of people like the great Sir David Attenborough who look at the beauty and power of our earth and then work to celebrate and preserve it. “In that time, mankind has benefited from unimaginable technological developments and scientific breakthroughs.” The Duke added: “And although those breakthroughs have increased our awareness of the impact humans have on our world, our planet has become more fragile. “Today, in 2022 - as the Queen celebrates her Platinum Jubilee - the pressing need to protect and restore our planet has never been more urgent. “But like her, I am an optimist.” 