According to chief orthodontist Dr Khaled Kasem, while there has been "many proven health benefits to drinking lemon water", such as hydration, better digestion, and an influx of vitamin C, it could be "seriously damaging your teeth". "Lemon juice is very acidic and can erode enamel," Dr Kasem cautioned, adding that this could make you more susceptible to gum disease and decay over time. "If you’re showing any signs of mouth sores, steer clear of it all together, as the acidity can cause irritation and inflammation," Dr Kasem advised. Should you be committed to drinking lemon water, Dr Kasem recommends drinking the beverage though a straw to help protect your teeth. Another health-boosting drink you might have tried is apple cider vinegar, which is purported to have detoxing and weight loss benefits. "Because of its high acidity, drinking a lot of apple cider vinegar can not only damage your teeth, but also upset your stomach and throat in the process," said Dr Kasem. "Similarly to lemon water, high levels of acid can directly cause erosion to your tooth enamel. READ MORE: Kate Middleton health: The Duchess' severe allergy - symptoms can start 'within minutes' "And without this protective layer your teeth are open to the dangers of decay and permanent staining." Dr Kasem warned: "Before trying apple cider vinegar, consider whether it’s worth jeopardising the colour, and overall health, of your teeth." In recent years, more and more people have been going on a juice cleanse, but it could be doing more harm than good. Dr Kasem explained: "Our teeth are designed to chew and breakdown starches into saliva before we swallow. "Whereas drinking juice directly allows the sugar to build up and get stuck in the crevices of your teeth. "Overexposure to juicing can lead to complications such as cavities, crumbling molars, and even tooth decay. "So if you’re wanting to try juicing, make sure to do it as part of a balanced diet between solids and liquids." Tooth decay The NHS noted that too much sugary food and drinks, as well as poor oral hygiene, can lead to tooth decay. Over time, tooth decay can lead to a hole forming in the tooth; this is known as a dental cavity. A cavity can lead to tooth ache and sensitive teeth when eating or drinking hot, cold, or sweet substances. Furthermore, cavities can lead to white, brown or black spots developing on the teeth. "Sometimes the tooth or gum can become infected, leading to a painful build-up of pus," the NHS added. If you are experiencing any warning signs of a cavity, or have suddenly developed sensitivity, do book an appointment with your dentist. Even without any dental issues, you should still go for a routine check-up each year. To help prevent tooth decay, brush teeth twice daily, spitting after brushing – and not rinsing afterwards – in addition to flossing every day. Dr Khaled Kasem is the chief orthodontist of European orthodontic chain Impress.