ITV soap Coronation Street has been a mainstay on screens since it started airing in 1960. The show has seen cast members come and go over the years with others returning to reprise their roles. Among the Corrie stars is Georgia Taylor - who has been on and off the cobbles, here’s a look at the actress. Taylor was born on February 26, 1980 in Wigan, Manchester and is now 42. Her actress started appearing on Coronation Street in 1997 at the tender age of 17 as the rebellious Toyah Battersby, marking her acting debut. She remained on the soap for six years until 2003 when she bowed out to pursue other projects. Away from the soap, she appeared in the mini-series Blackpool, Life on Mars, and BBC medical soap Casualty. READ MORE: Charlie de Melo age: How old is Coronation Street's Imran Habeeb star? She also starred in Law & Order: UK, Lewis, Agatha Raisin, The History Boys, and The Royal. Taylor returned to Weatherfield in 2016 when she reprised her role as Toyah and has been part of Corrie ever since. Previously speaking about her return in 2016 after 13 years, Taylor said: "Coronation Street has always had a place in my heart and I'm delighted to be working again with my good friend Jane Danson and bringing the Battersby sisters back together. "The script writers and producers have come up with some fantastic, clever, and detailed story-lines that have inspired me and I feel excited to get started!" she added to Digital Spy. Toyah has had some big storylines since she’s been back on the cobbles, including her affair with Peter Barlow (Chris Gascoyne). However, she is going to be having another hard-hitting plot as she and husband Imran Habeeb (Charlie de Melo) are involved in a deadly car crash amid a custody battle for baby Alfie. This week’s episodes feature a flash forward and a flashback and is billed to be a departure from the more standard Corrie instalments. Audiences will have to keep watching to find out who exactly was behind the crash and its implications on Toyah and Imran. Coronation Street will also see another familiar face making a comeback in the form of Spider Nugent (Martin Hancock). Spider is confirmed to be returning in July as part of the character’s 25th anniversary. Toyah and eco-warrior Spider were going out for a year before he left Manchester, but viewers will have to wait and see why the character is turning up in Weatherfield again. Soap fans may also be wondering if Spider will be Toyah’s shoulder to cry on after her husband Imran exits the show. DON'T MISS...Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show [VIEWER REACTION]Emmerdale theory: Lydia Dingle pregnant as she's expecting Sam's baby [ANALYSIS]‘I wasn't a big fan’ Outlander's Caitriona Balfe speaks on key change [INTERVIEW] Speaking about Spider’s return Taylor said: "It's going to be a real shift, it's a different energy from Charlie but luckily we have history. ”We're losing Charlie but how lucky am I? Martin is a joy, it's going to be cracking and I can't wait to get started." She said it felt “natural and normal” to reunite with co-star Hancock after so long with the characters easily falling back into their old ways like before. Taylor said Spider’s arrival “makes sense” with the announcement getting a “phenomenal” reaction from Corrie fans. Coronation Street airs on ITV tonight at 7.30pm