After a two-year-long delay, Queen and Adam Lambert are finally back on the road with the UK and European leg of their Rhapsody world tour. Brian May, Roger Taylor and the singer are currently tearing it up in their 10 night residency at London’s The O2. And it turns out their third show was filming night, capturing their set, presumably for a physical and digital release once the string of concerts concludes. Obviously, nothing compares to the live experience, but no doubt it’ll be a treat for Queen and Adam Lambert fans to relive when it eventually releases. Brian spilt the beans on his Instagram with new pictures of him with drummer Roger. The guitarist, who turns 75 next month, captioned the snaps: “Thanks dear Londoners at the O2 tonight - for giving us your hearts and making our filming night so memorable. We got a truck load of extra lights to make sure we could see YOU - and believe me, from the stage it was an unforgettable sight during Rock You and Champions. Hopefully, you will see it soon !” There’s no word yet on when the live recording will go on sale, but hopefully, there will be some news later on in the year. Meanwhile, Roger shared a picture during their performance of Radio Ga Ga from last night’s show. The 73-year-old captioned his post: “Thank you London! Night 3 of 10 and what a crowd!” Brian also shared some stunning fan art celebrating his “new toy” that fires sparks from his guitar. DON'T MISSQueen: Adam Lambert heartfelt declaration about 'replacing' Freddie [FREDDIE MERCURY]Why Freddie Mercury didn't want to meet Charles and Diana at Live Aid [LIVE AID]Queen tour: Brian May's slow-mo footage of powerful ‘new toy’ – WATCH [BRIAN MAY] The special effect takes place during their performance of A Kind of Magic and pays tribute to the same one in the original 1986 music video. Other pieces of fan art saw Brian surrounded by the animals embroidered on his coat. Thanking a fan, Brian wrote: “Wow wow wow !!! I need this on my wall !!! Outstanding vision from @chiaratomaini - thanks so much - completely inspiring !!!! Bri X.” To book tickets for Queen and Adam Lambert, click here.