The tear-jerking ITV programme saw James reunited with his maternal sister, Jocelyn, who had been searching for a family member for years after being adopted shortly after being born. Although James was aware he had a younger sister, he had spent years looking for his father and paternal relatives. As James managed to meet both sets of siblings, viewers were "confused" by the "complicated" story. Jocelyn had been looking for a brother she had discovered via a family reunion site years prior. When the Long Lost Family team was finally able to track him down, she was delighted. The two shared an emotional reunion as they finally met each other after 67 years. James burst into tears as Jocelyn hugged him and the two caught up about their experiences. READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint Jocelyn had initially not known that her brother knew she was ever born. "Last time you saw me, I was two weeks old," she explained. "I wasn't hiding in France, I wasn't on the run," he added. "I'm really pleased you found me though. I've often thought of you. I saw you for 10 or 15 minutes and then you were gone." Jocelyn had initially not known that her brother knew she was ever born. "Last time you saw me, I was two weeks old," she explained. "I wasn't hiding in France, I wasn't on the run," he added. "I'm really pleased you found me though. I've often thought of you. I saw you for 10 or 15 minutes and then you were gone." "Well I'm not that baby anymore," Jocelyn replied, as James laughed: "And I can't hold you in my arms anymore." "I could sit on your lap but I'd break your legs," Jocelyn joked. Although Jocelyn was fulfilled at finally finding her brother, James was keen to discover more about his dad's side of the family. Long Lost Family presenter Davina McCall went in search of James' other siblings, and he was delighted to reunite with them, too. DON'T MISS... The Repair Shop's Will Kirk unveils huge life update for BBC show [LATEST]A Place in the Sun's Lee Juggurnauth shut down as couple clash [VIDEO]Ruth Langsford gives update on Eamonn Holmes after hospital dash [INTERIVEW] Some viewers were confused by the situation though, with Twitter user @AndyGibsonTV asked: "Do Joselyn & James not have the same dad? I think I've missed something here. #LongLostFamily." @robin101962 posted: "#LongLostFamily @ThisisDavina @NickyAACampbell @longlostfamily WOW - this is a complicated story." Others expressed some concern for Jocelyn. @robin101962 wrote: "#LongLostFamily @ThisisDavina @NickyAACampbell @longlostfamily I really hope ALL of these family members met up together. Jocelyn needs to be included." @FairyElephant added: "#longlostfamily So James knew he had a baby sister but he wasn't interested in finding her but now he knows his father had children he is desperate to find them. Hmm!" @RPenev80 commented: "Didn't fancy letting Joselyn meet her siblings as well as James then... #longlostfamily." @lally55p shared: "While it’s lovely for James to find paternal siblings, where does that leave Joselyn? Hope they welcome her too #longlostfamily." In the end, James met his paternal siblings separately, but he keeps in touch with all of his newly-reunited brothers and sisters. Long Lost Family continues on Monday at 9pm on ITV.