This was the will of the people, and despite the liberal elite attempting to subvert our democracy, it was this Government, under this Prime Minister that set the UK free. Whilst the odds were against the cause of our freedom, from the sneering left-leaning media to many members of our own Parliament, it was our Prime Minister who stood as the only leader of a major party dedicated to delivering the will of the people. On June 23, 2022, people in Wakefield have a choice between Nadeem Ahmed, a Brexit-backing public servant, born and bred in Wakefield; who supports the Prime Minister who made Brexit possible - or the Labour candidate, who publicly backed remain, and supports a party led by Keir Starmer, who said that should Labour win a general election, a second referendum would be in their first Queen’s Speech. There is only one party that has dedicated itself to removing the geographic inequalities that have existed for generations and I am proud to sit on their benches in Parliament. This ambitious agenda has seen the investment of £25million of Towns’ Funding into Wakefield & £24.3million into Morley and Outwood. This is not just an investment into our communities, but into the future of our local economies, of our students, businesses, and families. It is this once-in-a-generation agenda that gave the Prime Minister the largest majority since 1979. But let’s look to the legacy of this Government; the creation of the Covid-19 vaccine that has saved the lives of millions: both in the UK and around the globe, the fastest vaccination rollout of the Western world, unlocking our country, and kickstarting our economy. Under a Labour Government, we’d still be in lockdown. Not only has the Prime Minister had to contend with a global plague, but a militarised Europe at war. In the face of Russian aggression, the Prime Minister stepped up, standing shoulder to shoulder with our Ukrainian allies, taking decisive action to defend Ukrainian national sovereignty. I am proud of our Government’s response to Russia’s illegal invasion of Ukraine, leading the world in sanctions and military aid. On top of these successes, the Government’s swift response to the rising cost of energy prices, caused by the war in Ukraine, has seen a package worth £37 billion delivered to help those in need. At stake on June 23, here in Wakefield, is the choice between an ambitious agenda, to invest in Wakefield, its future, and its people, or a Labour Party of hindsight, inaction, and a passing over of your priorities.