The former rugby player, who married into the Royal Family just over a decade ago, brought some sense of humour to social media as he posted a picture of himself wearing an accessory he stole from wife Zara Tindall, the Queen's granddaughter. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** Zara, 41, paired a mid-length striking red dress and matching topper with a statement hat in the same colour – a Floral Blossom Percher by Juliette Millinery. Her husband, 43, seemed to like it, as he stole it from her for a photo he later posted on Instagram. The 2003 Rugby World Cup winner joked: "When the husband has hat envy." In an additional post honouring the celebrations and referencing the hotel that hosted them, he said: "Great start to the day, thanks to The Stafford London for having the family." Featuring a limited edition art print of the Queen, by artist Carne Griffiths, which is being sold for charity, he continued: "Also great work by West Contemporary Editions raising money for GOSH Children's Charity." He added they were looking forward to "celebrating one of the greatest women on this planet" over the next few days. Jubilee LIVE: Harry and Meghan snub Royal Family lunch after 'frosty' reception Mike and Zara, who married in 2011, did attend Trooping the Colour but did not appear on the balcony. Parents to Mia, eight; Lena, three; and Lucas, one, they watched the Parade with other members of the Royal Family from the Major General's Office. First to appear on the balcony were Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall in a horse-drawn carriage, joined by the Cambridge children – Princess Charlotte, Prince George and Prince Louis. Prince Richard, the Duke of Gloucester and a cousin of the Queen, and his wife Birgitte, Duchess of Gloucester rode to the ceremony in another carriage, with the Princess Royal's husband, Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence. Then Prince Charles, Prince William, and the Princess Royal, appeared from Buckingham Palace on horseback for their central parts in Trooping the Colour. Prince Charles took the salute from guardsmen and officers at the parade. Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, meanwhile, joined other family members who watched the ceremony from a balcony at Horse Guards Parade. From their different positions, the Firm and the British public watched planes spelling out a "70" to represent the monarch's seven-decade reign. That was followed by the Red Arrows, filling the sky with blue, white and red. The Cambridges' youngest son, four-year-old Louis, stole the show at the flypast for the Queen as he alternately waved, pulled faces and covered his ears as the planes soared overhead. DON'T MISSQueen diary change scuppers Harry and Meghan Netflix master plan [REVEAL]Should the Jubilee always be a bank holiday in the UK? [POLL]How the Express reported the Queen's accession 70 years ago [INSIGHT] Wearing a light-blue sailor top with a striped collar, sleeves and shorts, he looked exactly like his father, Prince William, on the palace balcony for the Her Majesty's birthday in 1985 when he was three. At one point, standing next to the Queen, Louis held his hands up to his temples as he looked grumpily at the planes flying over. He then covered his ears and looked as if he was screaming. The 96-year-old monarch appeared on the balcony with her cousin Prince Edward, the Duke of Kent. She was also seen inspecting troops returning from the Trooping the Colour ceremony. After the ceremony, the royals returned to Buckingham Palace. Earlier today, the Royal Family — including Zara and Mike Tindall — made their way to St Paul's Cathedral for a service of thanksgiving that Her Majesty regrettably had to miss. The Queen, Buckingham Palace said on Friday afternoon, "regrettably" pulled out of the event as it is believed she experienced episodic mobility issues during yesterday's celebrations. The Palace said in a statement "Taking into account the journey and activity required to participate in tomorrow's National Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral, Her Majesty with great reluctance has concluded that she will not attend."