President Joe Biden’s time in office has seen him attempt to wrestle back the popularity he enjoyed during his 2020 election campaign. The 46th US President has been heavily criticised for a number of his policies and decisions. New polling data has revealed just how far his popularity has waned in the space of 18 months. Mr Biden’s approval rating stood at 40.2 percent on June 10, according to research from FiveThirtyEight. The figure marked a stark contrast to the one he entered his presidency with, which measured at 53.9 percent. Meanwhile, 53.6 percent of those polled in the survey said they disapproved of the job Mr Biden is doing.  READ MORE: Sinn Fein's McDonald warns of US resistance to Brexit deal changes A separate survey - conducted by UMass Amherst - identified that Mr Biden’s rating had dropped below 40 percent for the first time. Its poll also found that Mr Biden’s approval rating among all demographic groups had fallen. In particular, his popularity among women decreased by 18 percentage points. His score for respondents between the ages of 18 and 29 also slumped from 52 to 32 percent.  Tatishe Nteta, associate professor of political science at UMass Amherst, said: “The President’s sinking approval rating among his most loyal constituencies, most notably people of colour, young Americans and even Democrats must be ringing alarm bells in the White House. “If Biden hopes to remain in the White House, he will have to shore up the support among his base or risk potentially becoming another name on the list of one-term Presidents.” Polling by YouGov gave a mildly better outlook for Mr Biden, with an approval rating of 43 percent on June 2. Participants were asked: “Do you approve or disapprove of the way Joe Biden is handling his job as President?”  DON'T MISS: Why Macron and Scholz are resisting Ukraine's EU membership bid [EXPLAINER]Putin health fears reignited as Russian leaders seen shaking [INSIGHT]Putin faces major collapse of army morale as Donbas troops revolt [NEWS] Each person could then answer either ‘well’, ‘badly’, or ‘don’t know’. The number of people who disapproved of the job the US President was doing stood at 50.9 percent. Its poll demonstrated that since last August the number of people who disapprove of Mr Biden as US President had overtaken those who do approve of him. The incumbent President has been unable to turn the tide back in his favour.  When Mr Biden’s approval rating swung last summer, the US, UK and a number of their allies were coordinating the withdrawal of troops from Afghanistan. A disorderly plan eventually led to criticism being aimed at both sides of the Atlantic for allowing the Taliban to regain control of the country. Criticism has also been levelled at Mr Biden’s handling of soaring inflation, fuel prices and the ongoing Covid pandemic It was announced last month that the US economy shrunk for the first time since 2020. 