So much for the Russian president’s “special military operation”, planned to last a few days and now in its fourth month. This was a calculated attack on a civilian target with over 1,000 women, children and men inside. Fatalities were still mounting as the vile Kremlin propaganda machine risibly claimed the attack was “fake”.  Putin’s atrocities and lies are all part of a dreadful piece and Dmytro Lunin, the head of the Kremenchuk district was right to dub the attack a “crime against humanity”. It leaves Nato and its allies a stark choice. Three weeks ago, France’s President Macron suggested Putin should not be “humiliated”. Others proposed he be given face-saving control of parts of Ukraine. These soft options are immoral, militarily irresponsible and should now be discarded. As Boris Johnson said after the attack, “Putin must realise that his behaviour will do nothing but strengthen the resolve of the UK and every other G7 country. We will stand by Ukraine for as long as it takes.” The world must wean itself off Russian energy forthwith and Putin’s regime must be quarantined with renewed sanctions, while Ukraine should get the arms it needs. No ifs, no buts. Putin must go. Glastonbury and Hyde Park showcased a great weekend for singers of a certain age, with Messrs Jagger, McCartney and Diana Ross on stage. It was equally good to hear medics declare a combination of exercise and talking therapies can help symptoms often associated with ageing, such as arthritis and other inflammatory rheumatic ailments. A study in The Lancet Rheumatology found that the fatigue suffered by 800,000 people a day could be countered by a talk-and-walk mix of therapies to help with tiredness and mental health issues from isolation. It may not turn sufferers into Jumpin’ Jack Flash, but it will give them a chance of getting some Satisfaction back.  It was a remarkable day – and an extremely hot ticket – as Wimbledon fortnight began yesterday for the first time at capacity for three years. And after a downpour, Emma Raducanu won against Belgium’s Alison van Uytvanck – soothing doubts about her nerves and setting the pace for a vintage championship. With all the troubles in the world, the firm but gentle sound of tennis ball on racquet was just the tonic we needed. Let’s cheer the Brits on, grab some strawberries and settle into a great tournament. 