Liverpool might have to contend with letting Sadio Mane leave this summer after he revealed he wanted to depart. With one year left on his contract, Bayern Munich have become the frontrunners for his signature. Bayern are determined to sign Mane this summer but Liverpool have whacked on a valuation of £42.5million. That might be out of the German club's remit as they rarely make such deals in the transfer window. The Senegal international's options could be limited after already telling the Reds that he has no intention to sign a new contract. That would mean he could leave Anfield for nothing next year. That would suit no one as Mane wants a new club and Liverpool will need the cash - so where could the 30-year-old go if no Bayern Munich? The other main option Mane has is a move to PSG where their limitless cash can attract the very best in the world. After a miserable year in the Champions League, the French giants are ready to splash the cash. Mohamed Salah has long been a target at the Parc des Princes but that looks like it could be off the cards. And there would not be a better Plan B option than his Liverpool pal Mane. Again, this is a club that has had a less than impressive season - finishing fourth in Serie A and crashing out of the round of 16 in the Champions League. Massimiliano Allegri has one huge problem in Turin - goals. Paulo Dybala was Juve's top scorer in Serie A with a measly 10 - and he is already leaving on a free transfer. A goalscoring machine is the top priority for the Old Lady - and Mane is exactly that. While Liverpool might not like it, Mane could be the answer to all of Thomas Tuchel's problems at Stamford Bridge. The arrival of Romelu Lukaku has been a drastic failure while the likes of Timo Werner, Hakim Ziyech and Christian Pulisic have rarely impressed. Mane's versatility as a wide forward and a striker would make him an asset for the Blues, who are looking to play with a more fluid attack. However, the chances of Liverpool selling to a rival are slim at best. Under the premiership of Joan Laporta, Barcelona are desperate to return to the big-time after a couple of years of obscurity. That is not the Barca way and Xavi has been busy bringing in top players from around the world - and Mane has always been admired at the Nou Camp. The first question, though, is whether they can afford such a deal with their financial situation still looking bleak. The short answer is no but the Spanish giants have jumped through hoops to land targets before and this could be a similar story. It would take some persuading from Mikel Arteta but there are not many better goalscorers in the Premier League and that is exactly what Arsenal need right now. After missing out on the top four, the Gunners have their work cut out trying to get the best of the best. But if they have the money, there are many worse options than Mane that could cost more and this might be Arsenal's best chance to land a telling blow on their Premier League rivals.