The letter explained that the couple were attempting the "cry-it-out method". The "tired and sorry" mum apologised in advance for the crying everyone would likely hear, even inviting them to pop in for "milk, sugar, eggs or tequila" if they should need it, reports The Mirror. The note read: "Apartment 207 here. I regret to inform you that we have begun sleep training our son. "After many sleepless nights thanks to the dreaded 4-month sleep regression, we have decided it is time to start the cry-it-out method. "If you hear the cries please pray for me and know I am also crying and going insane. "I’m very sorry for any inconvenience this may cause you, let’s hope it doesn’t last long." The mum explained that they were planning on testing it for four days and then if it did not work, they were going to have a break for a week or two and try again. They added: "Please know I am not neglecting him, but I will let him try to self-soothe for 45-60 minutes at a time during this period. "I will be in the room every 5-10 minutes to reassure him he is not alone and is okay. "If you start to feel hatred towards us just give us a friendly knock on the door and I will bring you a shot of tequila to mend our neighbour-ship. "It’s cheap tequila but it will calm your nerves, it’s been tested and proven to work by yours truly. "Any-how keep us in your prayers and turn the TV volume up. "If you need milk, sugar, or eggs we have some. And tequila too just swing by." They signed the letter off from "tired and sorry neighbours." The letter was shared on Twitter by one of the people living in the apartment block, with the caption: "Neighbors left this on the door... I'm gonna bake them some cookies" where people praised the couple for their note. The post received over a million likes and thousands of comments. One said: "With a note like that I would not care what they do," while another said: "This is how you neighbour... well played..." And a third added: "We need more neighbours like them in the world." The sweet woman who received the letter was true to her word as she made the couple chocolate chip, peppermint shortbread, and brownie cookies as well as a sweet gift of a bottle of wine and baby wash. The idea behind the cry-it-out method, according to Baby Center, is that if your child gets used to having you rock or nurse them back to sleep, they'll never learn to drift off by themselves. Instead of crying for you when they wake in the night, they should learn to soothe themselves back to sleep. It says: "Crying isn't the goal of this sleep training method, but advocates say it's often an inevitable side effect as your baby adjusts to sleeping on his own. "They say the short-term pain of a few tears is far outweighed by the long-term advantages: A child who goes to sleep easily and happily on his own, and parents who can count on a good night's rest."