The outspoken commentator erupted on Twitter after quoting the footage, saying: “Meghan Markle would be damned to hell if Archie did this. No doubt Media would claim his ‘Black’ ancestry makes him ill-behaved & remind all that they descended from ‘cotton slaves’.  "None would think it ‘cute’ ‘funny’ or give her parenting the benefit of the doubt as they have Kate.” The footage shows the young Prince, four, making the Duchess of Cambridge laugh as he pulls faces, before appearing to push his hand into her face. Her tweet has so far received over 10,000 likes, with some agreeing with the 46-year-old commentator and others arguing back “leave the kid alone”. One user replied: “This is normal behaviour though. He is just a kid. Let's leave the kids alone.”  With another adding: “This is how little children behave. It doesn't matter if it's the Cambridge, Sussex or any other children.” It comes following footage of Prince Louis making crowds laugh on the Buckingham Palace balcony during the RAF flypast. The Prince was seeing covering his ears after finding the noise of the aircraft too much. One person replied to Dr Shola saying: “Where were the Nannies? Who taught that kid to behave like that?  READ MORE: Harry faced 'painful 19 minutes' as 'reality of new life sinks in' “Why was a 4yo old, who is bored obviously for a 4hr "parade" kept there? “What about the Child Development Expert... self-proclaimed months ago?” Dr Shola later continued her scathing attack on Twitter, adding: “‘Royal Experts’/Media would’ve dissected Archie’s behaviour/torn into him/labelled him with all kinds of behavioural disorders if he’d smacked Meghan Markle’s mouth shut as Louis did to his mother Kate and pulled hair. “None would remember he was a child because he’s Meghan’s child.”  DON'T MISS:Take THAT Sturgeon: Huge crowds wave Union flags in Scotland for Queen [PICTURES]Fury over tube strikes as HUGE paypacket revealed [INSIGHT]POLL: Should EU be ashamed for ignoring Queen's Jubilee? [POLL] Prince Harry and Meghan Markle returned to the UK with their children Archie, three, and Lilibet, one, to celebrate the Queen's 70 years on the throne. The pair reportedly kept a "low profile" during the celebrations after being barred from the Buckingham Palace balcony. The row comes days after Dr Shola erupted at Meghan Markle’s father, Thomas Markle, after it emerged the retired Hollywood lighting director has left hospital to recover from a stroke. Dr Shola said the Duchess of Sussex’s estranged father “stopped being a father to Meghan a long time ago”, branding him a “sperm donor”. 