Doc Martin is a long-running medical comedy-drama that has been airing on ITV since 2004. The series stars Martin Clunes as the titular character, who was named after Dr Martin Bamford in the 2000 comedy film Saving Grace. The first season featured a whole host of famous faces and Express.co.uk has all you need to know about where they are now. Joan was one of Martin's aunts in the first season and she appeared until season four. She was played by Stephanie Cole, an 80-year-old actress and mother-of-one. The star is still acting to this day, with her recent credits including Scarborough, Gentleman Jack and The Cleaner. Her most recent role was in the 2022 film, The House. Mark was a police constable in the series who worked his way up to police sergeant. He featured in the first two seasons and made an appearance in an episode of season nine. The character was played by Stewart Wright, a 48-year-old film, theatre and TV actor. The father-of-two starred in the 2020 series Small Axe and the film Jungle Cry. In October 2021, he started a podcast with two friends from the theatre industry, Adam Peck and Tom Wainwright. READ MORE: Andrew Neil claims GB News could have 'killed me' Elaine was the original surgery receptionist but she only featured in season one. She was played by Lucy Punch, a 44-year-old actress who has had a busy career since leaving the series. She is known for her roles in Motherland, A Series of Unfortunate Events and Bloods. The star also voiced Kate Middleton in The Prince. Her most recent role was in the 2022 film Book of Love. In a 2021 interview with The Independent, the star joked that she "moved to the States because [I] kept getting cast as posh idiots".  Adrian Pitts was a young and arrogant doctor played by Rupert Young. Rupert is a 44-year-old actor who, in 2020, was nominated for Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role in a Musical for Dear Evan Hansen. His latest role was as Lord Jack Featherington in the latest season of Bridgerton. Joy Cronk was the mother of schoolboy Peter Cronk (Kurtis O'Brien) and she was played by Mary Woodvine. Mary is a 54-year-old actor who went on to star in the 2019 film Bait. She also helped create poet Murray Lachlan Young's first play, The Incomers. Mrs Richards featured in the first two seasons of the series and she was played by Vicki Pepperdine. The actress is now in her early 60s and her latest roles were in We Hunt Together and The Trouble with Maggie Cole. In 2019 she appeared as Aunt Sally in the BBC's children's show, Worzel Gummidge. DON'T MISS... Is Martin Clunes leaving Doc Martin? [EXPLAINER] Martin Clunes shares 3st weight loss thanks to 'great' and 'easy' diet [INSIGHT]Doc Martin's house on market for £1.25m [INSIGHT] Ross appeared in the first two seasons and he was played by Finlay Robertson. The 47-year-old actor was a guest star of the Doctor Who episode, Blink, in 2007. In March 2021 he went on to reprise his role as Laurence Nightingale in the Doctor Who Spin-off game: The Lonely Assassins.  Chris appeared sporadically throughout the series, with his last appearance in season eight. He was played by Vincent Franklin, a 55-year-old actor known for his comedy roles. The star had recent roles in the film Censor, as well as Gentleman Jack and Midsomer Murders. Roger Fenn was a retired school teacher who appeared in seasons one to three. He was played by Jeff Rawle, a 70-year-old actor and father-of-four. The star's most recent roles were in The Canterville Ghost and Father Brown. In 2020 he returned to Hollyoaks as Silas Blissett.  Caroline was in the first two seasons before returning for seasons six and seven. She was played by Felicity Montagu, a 61-year-old actress who is known for playing Lynn Benfield, the assistant of Alan Partridge (Steve Coogan). The star has also recently featured in the sitcom Hullraisers and true crime series Landscapers.  Doc Martin airs on Tuesdays on ITV at 9pm.