Toilets can be difficult to clean, especially if you have hard water as limescale can build up. One hack cleaning enthusiasts claim to work is the 2p trick. Express.co.uk put this to Queen of Clean, Lynsey Crombie and she revealed the correct way to clean limescale from a toilet. According to many Mrs Hinch fans on the dedicated Facebook group, dropping a 2p coin into the toilet water can help break down the limescale. Some have even resorted to plunging the toilet water out, and then using a 2p coin to scrape the limescale out of the toilet bowl. Lynsey commented: “This [2p trick] doesn’t work. “The only way is to put your hand in the water and use the 2p to scrape it away which isn’t very pleasant at all. READ MORE: ‘Do not use salt to kill weeds!' Paving expert condemns gardening hack “However, the best method is to pop citric acid down and leave overnight.” Citric acid naturally occurs in lemon juice and it is antibacterial, antiseptic and acts as a natural bleach. Squeezing lemon juice is time-consuming - using powdered citric acid is cheaper, quicker and much more effective. You also need less of it than you do lemon juice to achieve the same results. DON'T MISS...Hair removal: Painless ‘magic’ beauty tool for ‘silky smooth skin’ [REACTION]June 2022 horoscope: What’s in store for each star sign? [ASTROLOGER]Queen doesn’t have strawberry jam on her scones - royal chef says [VIDEO] Citric acid also kills bacteria, mould and mildew, and is great at removing soap scum, limescale, hard water deposits, rust and other nasty stains. When using it in the toilet, it is advisable to pour hot water into the bowl first, before adding a packet of citric acid. Ideally leave the loo overnight, or for a minimum of an hour. You may or may not hear fizzing, either is fine. Use a stiff toilet brush to remove the loosened limescale and repeat the process if it hasn’t worked the first time. For anyone looking for great multi-purpose cleaners, Lynsey had some suggestions. “I use lots of unusual products to clean with, including denture tablets, witch hazel and rubbing alcohol all of these make great all-purpose cleaners,” she explained. “White vinegar as it is so powerful and removes mould and mildew with ease. “Washing up liquid as it is extremely versatile and non-abrasive. Lynsey’s cleaning caddy also contains a toothbrush. “These are great for getting into those awkward areas,” she suggested.