Wimbledon Day Three was another action-packed day as Novak Djokovic finally found his form in the early match on Centre Court, dispatching Thanasi Kokkinakis in straight sets. British favourite Emma Raducanu was sent packing in the following match against Caroline Garcia. And Andy Murray put in a spiriting display as he took on John Isner. Express Sport picks out five things you may have missed from Day Three at the All England Club... Murray heckler justifies Kyrgios Nick Kyrgios complained on Tuesday about a member of the crowd calling him "s**t" and a similar situation cropped up in Andy Murray's clash with John Isner. After Murray lost a service game in the opening set, a male Irish voice shouted "come on Andy he's s**t". Isner would have clearly heard the jibe but chose to ignore it as he romped into a two-set lead. The previous day, Kyrgios hit out at the crowd behaviour, saying: "Just pure disrespect, just anything. Like someone just yelled out I was s**t in the crowd today. Is that normal? No. But I just don't understand why it's happening over and over again." Serena loss causes row Serena Williams crashing out of Wimbledon caused a row in her conquerer Harmony Tan's camp. The French star pulled out of the doubles draw citing a 'thigh injury', which left her partner absolutely livid. "My partner Harmony Tan retire (sic) from our doubles just today in the morning. For me not fair to tell me so late," Tamara Korpatsch ranted on Instagram. "She can't run cause she played three-hour match yesterday. "Sorry but I've played 6:33h in one day and played a singles match the next day. It is really not fair and I'm very sad and disappointed that I can't play my 1st Grand Slam doubles."   Humbert arrives with no rackets Ugo Hubert must have forgotten to have his morning coffee as he turned up for his 11am clash with Casper Ruud without any rackets. He told the umpire before the warm-up: "I don't have any racquets - sorry for that!" An official was sent to quickly retrieve the equipment and they proved useful as Humbert went on knock out the No 3 seed Casper Ruud out in four sets.   Kokkinakis has own racket dilemma Thanasi Kokkanakis almost had a racket crisis of his own on Centre Court for his showdown with Novak Djokovic. Tennis players usually take an array of rackets with them but the Aussie was only able to get two ready in time - and the string on one of them bust on the second point of the match. "I only had two rackets, so I was stressing," Kokkanakis explained. "That kind of rattled me pretty early, I'm not gonna lie. I played like the best first point I've ever played in my life. I was, Here we go. "Then I broke the string after hitting it in the middle. I was, like, That doesn't make sense because it was a fresh racquet. Then I was kind of holding on to one for a few until that one came back."   McEnroe has trouble sleeping John McEnroe has been working with Sue Barker for many years and he is devastated that the BBC presenter is stepping away after 30 years of being the lead Wimbledon host. McEnroe paid his own special tribute to Barker during the opening day coverage and he has now joked that he was losing sleep over it. “First can I offer my congratulations to this young lady [Jo Konta on being pregnant] incredible, awesome," he said on BBC One. "After the depressing news that Sue [Barker] was retiring I was having trouble sleeping, but unreal. Now I am going to sleep well, I love kids.” 