Max Turner (played by Paddy Bever) realised he had been set up last week after sending an explicit picture of himself to who he thought was Sonya. The Coronation Street troublemaker discovered the mix-up when he arrived at his date only for a confused Sonya to insist she’d never sent a text to Max. Although Max’s so-called friends have been revealed as the culprits, a fan theory suggests a shocking twist involving Nicky Wheatley (Kimberly Hart-Simpson) could be unveiled. In recent scenes, Max received a message demanding £1,000 or his nude selfie would be shared online. The bullies behind the cruel ultimatum were revealed to be Max’s schoolmates but Coronation Street fans believe Sonya could be connected somehow. Not much is known about Max’s new love interest and her identity could form pat of a huge storyline. Could Sonya be playing her own game of revenge by dating Max? Read more: Coronation Street's Claudia Colby star addresses Ken Barlow's future Sharing their idea on Facebook, one Coronation Street fan wrote: “Just a theory, probably a wrong one but could Sonya be Nicky’s daughter Maisie using a different name, out for revenge against Max for what he did to her mother?” Although on fan pointed out Nicky’s daughter Maisie has been seen on-screen and is too young to be dating Max. However, another theorised the former sex worker may have a secret daughter. “Maybe a daughter from her younger days,” someone else suggested. If Sonya was Nicky’s estranged daughter, she may have been ashamed of her mum’s sex worker past and perhaps could be keeping her identity a secret because of it. Earlier this year, Nicky was left mortified when she her sex worker past was exposed at the school she was working at. Initially, Daniel Osbourne wrongfully (Rob Mallard) accused Daisy Midgeley (Charlotte Jordan). But, it was later revealed that schoolboy Max was behind the drama. DON'T MISSCoronation Street fans predict twist for Sean after Frank exposed [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Peter jailed as revenge ploy backfires [THEORY]Coronation Street theory: Aggie Bailey leaves Weatherfield  [SPOILER] Nicky first arrived on the cobbles as the sex worker who provided comfort to Daniel after the death of his wife Sinead Tinker (Katie McGlynn). With the help of the widow, Nicky set off for a new life with her daughter. When she returned to the street, Daniel helped her yet again and the pair remain friends. Nicky wad determined to make a fresh start at the school she was working in and was heartbroken when her past came back to haunt her. If Nicky did have an estranged daughter, she may still be in regular contact with her. If this was the case, the daughter would have found out about her mum’s traumatic incident. Coronation Street fans will know new characters often have a mysterious backstory and link to the cobbles. It’s likely Sonya’s budding relationship with Max will throw up some more shocking twists along the way. Could Sonya be Nicky’s secret daughter and if so, will she get revenge on Max for her mum? Coronation Street airs on ITV on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm.