Among the many machines on show at this year’s Goodwood Festival of Speed is the Hennessey Venom F5, an American-built car with a rumoured top speed of 334mph. While it couldn’t go quite that fast in Sussex, it did go up the famed hill at quite a lick. Made as a love letter to horsepower by the Texas-based company, the car was recently driven by Top Gear who described it as ‘the world’s maddest hypercar’. Just 24 coupes will be made, costing £2million a piece, and they are already sold out. The Venom F5 will do 0-62mph in 2.6secs, 0-124mph in 4.7secs and 0-250mph in 15.5secs, almost twice as fast as the Bugatti Chiron. Under the bonnet is an engine named ‘Fury’ - understandable given it’s a 6.6-litre twin turbo V8, 1,817bhp. READ MORE: Martin Lewis tells drivers how to find the cheapest fuel At this weekend’s festival it was piloted by racing driver Alex Brundle and despite some light rain, the video shows the astonishing power involved. In the clip, viewers can hear the immense noise of the engine and the rear wheels struggling to cope with 1,800ps of torque. Elsewhere on Saturday morning, F1 legend Nigel Mansell climbed back into a Ferrari Formula One car and waved to fans as he drove up the hill. The legendary driver will be making several appearances across the weekend. DON'T MISS: Petrol station causes traffic chaos after it offers discounted fuel [INSIGHT] Drivers urged to move away from diesel if they want to save money [REVEAL] Elderly drivers cause more accidents than younger motorists [SHOCKING] He will also jump into some of the most iconic cars that he had the pleasure of operating during his glorious career. These will include the Williams FW14B that he drove in his 1992 title-winning season, a Lotus 91 and two Ferrari grand prix cars. Speaking ahead of the festival, Mansell said: “I’m looking forward to getting behind the wheel of some of my cars again. “I’m thrilled to be coming to the Festival of Speed this year! “It’s always a wonderful event and I’m looking forward to getting behind the wheel of some of my cars again and celebrating 30 years since my World Championship with all the Goodwood fans.” Following his F1 career Mansell became the only person ever to hold both F1 and IndyCar crowns at the same time, by winning the Cart championship in 1993, and he would go on to race in the BTCC and in sports cars through the 1990s and 2000s. Speaking about Mansell’s presence, the Duke of Richmond said: “As we prepare to celebrate the ‘Masterminds of Motorsport’, I am delighted that Nigel will be joining us at the Festival of Speed to celebrate his incredible achievements in Formula 1. “We know our fans will be eager to see Nigel in action on the Hill and have a chance to applaud his historic career.” The Goodwood Estate hosts the iconic celebration of motoring this weekend and Express.co.uk will be giving readers a slice of the action. Express Cars will bring readers the biggest news from Goodwood, from the latest models and groundbreaking technology, to the awe-inspiring spectacle of Formula 1 showcases. We’ll bring you a run-down of the best stories from the spectacular event direct to your inbox with our special edition email bulletins throughout the weekend, as part of our Express Cars newsletter series. Head here to sign up and get Goodwood news straight to your inbox.