“Waking up with bad breath isn’t the best way to start your day, [but] it’s completely normal to occasionally suffer from it,” said Dr Khaled Kasem, Chief Orthodontist of European leading orthodontic chain Impress. The expert shared his “top tips” for the prevention and treatment of morning breath, including yoghurt. Dr Kasem said: “Morning breath is a form of bad breath sometimes called halitosis. “Bad breath in the mornings is something we all experience at some point or another, it’s completely normal and most of the time it can be prevented or immediately treated.” It might come as no surprise that your diet affects your whole body, including your oral health. The doctor continued: “Bad breath typically originates from the food and drink you consume – when you eat, bits of food get caught in your teeth. READ MORE: High cholesterol: 'Eat plenty' of a particular food to reduce the amount 'absorbed' “The longer the food remains in your mouth, the more time bacteria have to grow, which is often the cause of foul-smelling breath.” While food can trigger bad breath, it can also help “reduce” it. And a popular breakfast option in the form of “calcium-rich” yoghurt could do just that. The doctor said: “Yoghurt contains a healthy bacteria called lactobacillus, which helps to balance out the bacteria in your gut.  “This, paired with the probiotics found in yoghurts, will help to reduce bad breath.” However, the expert shared it’s important to “watch what you’re eating” as not all yoghurts offer this benefit. Creamy pots filled with sugar won’t simply do the trick. That’s why he recommended choosing plain, non-fat yoghurt to “reap the rewards”. Although yoghurt could help lower your risk of bad morning breath, oral hygiene is still important. Dr Kasem said: “It goes without saying that the best way to prevent bad breath is by keeping your mouth clean and healthy. “Sometimes, morning breath is simply caused by poor oral hygiene. “Be consistent – floss your teeth to remove any food leftovers and brush your teeth for at least two minutes twice a day. “Make sure to gently brush your gums, tongue, and the inside of your cheeks too, as bacteria is likely to store up in these areas. “Using a fluoride toothpaste and an anti-bacterial mouthwash are additional steps you can take to keep the bad breath at bay.” Another easy tip he recommended is drinking water before you go to bed. He added: “Drinking plenty of water will boost your saliva production and help remove those foul-smelling bacteria that have built up overnight.” However, if your bad breath is still persisting despite trying remedies, it might be a sign of something more serious. “Acid reflux is just one thing that could be causing your breath to smell, so if you’re worried it’s best to seek advice from a dental or medical professional,” Dr Kasem noted.