Liverpool fans would have been pinching themselves if Jurgen Klopp helped to bring in Kylian Mbappe and Heung-min Son this summer. That could well have been the case if all went to plan for the Reds, but various factors left both deals dead in the water. It's therefore back to the drawing board as the boss looks to strengthen for next season, and Express Sport looks at the XI that could've been... There is no danger of Klopp replacing Alisson Becker who, once again, was a steadying influence between the sticks last season. His 2018 arrival, along with Virgil van Dijk, coincided with a spike in fortunes as the manager seemingly completed the final pieces of his puzzle. Still fresh from the Reds' double-winning campaign, Alisson can take pride in forming part of the joint-best defence in the Premier League, shipping 26 goals in 38 matches. JUST IN: Tottenham already discussing third signing after completing Ivan Perisic formalities The £75million signing of Virgil van Dijk was another influential one in Liverpool's recent history, and he would still walk into any team in Europe. Neither full-back arrived in high-profile deals as Trent Alexander-Arnold progressed through the youth ranks and Andrew Robertson was signed via an understated £8m deal from Hull City. The wide duo have both been sublime nevertheless, and if Klopp got his way then Dayot Upamecano could have been the fourth member of the quartet. The Frenchman was a phenomenon at RB Leipzig, eventually moving to Bayern Munich, and he explained that his decision to snub the Reds was due to a preference for German football. Liverpool eventually moved for another Leipzig star in Ibrahima Konate, who was seen as a less glamorous option but has still impressed on Merseyside. READ MOREManchester United transfer target Frenkie de Jong hints where he'll play next seasonPau Torres picks between Man Utd and Tottenham transfer as 'both clubs offer £45m'Liverpool 'have dream transfer for 2023' after Aurelien Tchouameni's private declaration Fabinho is surely one of the first names on the team sheet under Klopp, while Thiago Alcantara has blossomed into a force of nature for the Reds after making a slow start. Team captain Jordan Henderson is certainly deserving enough to complete the trio, but Eduardo Camavinga has garnered plenty of excitement during his rise through the ranks and Liverpool were among the clubs linked while he grew frustrated at the Bernabeu. The all-round midfielder has had to settle for a peripheral role during his first season under Carlo Ancelotti, but at 19-years-old, there is still plenty of time to worm his way in. Having missed out on Camavinga, Liverpool were stung again on Saturday as he came off the bench during the Champions League final, which Madrid won 1-0. Klopp's famed attack could well have seen the biggest shake-up if two audacious moves came off this summer. Had Tottenham failed to clinch fourth spot, a huge bid for Son was reportedly in the pipeline that would have landed Liverpool with the joint Golden Boot winners on either flank. Mohamed Salah has already stated that he will stick around for another season, but with Sadio Mane believed to be on his way out, Mbappe could have slid straight in up top. The Frenchman revealed that talks took place with the Reds before he decided to stick with Paris Saint-Germain. Had the deal progressed, Liverpool could have assembled one of the most formidable front-lines in Premier League history.