Now, where were we? Oh yes, Prince Andrew, wants to return to royal duties - you know, the kind where we, the great unwashed, bow and curtsey and tug our forelocks in acknowledgement of our betters. Might just be me, but I think that game's up, don't you Andy? By all accounts the deeply unlovable royal wanted to play a formal role at this afternoon's Garter Day spectacular - he is after all Duke of York and member of that ancient order of chivalry. And of course nothing says chivalry quite like paying off a dead paedophile's sex slave. Wisely, following Andrew's manoeuvrings, the Queen, Prince Charles and Prince William spoke as one saying "not on your Nelly mate!" Actually, according to insiders, the language used was rather more choice, but this is a family newspaper and you get the idea. The Prince, a man clearly not much given to introspection, is expecting his colonelcy of the Grenadier Guards back. And his HRH and 'Prince of the Blood' titles Prince of Blood? Prince of the Bloody Stupid more like. Anyway, it was with some relief that this afternoon the paedophile's royal friend was very much absent from the pomp and ceremony of the Garter parade. So far so good, you think. And then you spot Tony Blair. That one time leftist scourge of the establishment Mr Blair (dressed distressingly like some particularly unattractive Vermeer muse) seemed to be happily proclaiming his hypocrisy is now complete. Forget socialism and equality, the clever money's on elitism Tone! Sorry, SIR Tone!  Not that he's alone. The left always let their egos trump their principles in the end. With the honourable, and very principled, exception of Tony Benn, they come into politics to kick over the statues and they leave politics rather hoping they'll get a statue erected. It all left you wondering, especially after a long weekend of flawless royal celebration, whether it was all worth the candle. In all honesty it's not often the Queen presides over a royal clusterfluff, but that is what today's Garter nonsense seemed like. A wholly unnecessary farce with all the gravitas, but none of the glamour, of the daily 3pm Disney princesses parade at Disneyland. Prince Andrew's murkiness was always likely to steal the narrative and Mr Blair was such a bad, bad choice. My guess is that in time history will actually be reasonably kind Sir Tone, but that time is not now. Right now he is Marmite. Especially if Marmite could have blood on its hands.  For too many Brits (more than a million signed a petition against him getting an honour) he is basically a war criminal. And whether he is or he isn't is neither here nor there - fact is he's no Floella Benjamin. So there you go - just what Britain needs, more reasons for division. And yes I know Baroness Amos, an annoyingly handsome, clever and accomplished woman, made a bit of history today. And Camilla Duchess of Cornwall, a royal I think we are all increasingly warming to, picked up some extra royal award or other. But it's not enough. "Shame on him who thinks this evil" cautions the official motto of the Order of the Garter portentously. Well, no , not evil, but maybe just a bit pointless? 