Manchester United and Liverpool have been given a boost in their pursuit of Arnaut Danjuma after Newcastle reportedly pulled out of the race to sign the Villarreal winger. Danjuma’s form in his first season in La Liga has caught the attention of some of Europe’s top clubs. The 25-year-old scored 16 goals across all competitions last term, including six during Villarreal’s run to the Champions League semi-final. He joined the club from then-Championship outfit Bournemouth last summer in a deal worth around £21million. Man Utd and Liverpool have both been linked with a move for the Netherlands international. Newcastle are another club credited with an interest, given boss Eddie Howe signed Danjuma for Bournemouth in 2019. However, the Magpies are set to move on to other targets as they look to inject Howe’s squad with quality. According to TalkSPORT, the Newcastle head coach has doubts about Danjuma’s temperament. JUST IN: David de Gea has shown Erik ten Hag one of Man Utd's biggest issues That leaves the path clearer for either United or Liverpool to secure the player’s signature. Erik ten Hag is desperate to replenish his forward line in his first summer in charge at Old Trafford, while Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp might need a new winger if Sadio Mane leaves in a much-touted transfer to Bayern Munich. Danjuma recently revealed that Liverpool had been monitoring his progress. He starred against the Reds in Villarreal’s ultimately unsuccessful Champions League semi-final tie. “I was informed that Liverpool were following me closely. I have never had contacts with clubs or anything like that during the season - I always know about the situation after the season,” he told Ziggo Sport. DON'T MISS...Cristiano Ronaldo hints at Man Utd transfer decisionLeeds' Phillips told he can reach a new level if he quits for Man CityManchester United sent subtle Frenkie de Jong message by Barcelona “I will never lie and I think it’s a bad quality if you are not ambitious. If a club came along that offered me a higher platform to play on sport-wise, I would always have to consider it.” The former Bournemouth ace has revealed that he would like to return to England, adding: "I 100 per cent enjoyed my time in England. Looking back now I no way appreciated it as much as I should have done when I lived there. For me, it's just such a nice country to live in and I'm fluent in the language so that helps as well. I'm trying my best at Spanish as well. I've got family that still lives in England,” Danjuma said in April. "In terms of the Premier League, it's indescribable. The thing I will never forget in the Premier League is the fans. If you just walk into the stadium you cannot replicate the feeling of a Premier League game elsewhere in the world, it's different.”