Andy Murray failed to reach his first singles final on home soil since winning the ATP Finals in 2016 after he suffered a three-set defeat to Denis Kudla in the Surbiton Challenger semi-final. The top seed got off to a fast start but was ousted by the world No 81 5-7 7-6(4) 6-3. Murray was facing Kudla for the second time, having beaten the American in straight sets just eight months ago at the San Diego Open. The world No 67 was bidding to make his second final of the year and his first on home soil since winning the ATP Finals in London's O2 Arena six years ago. He got off to a fast start, racing to a 3-0 lead and holding a break point to go up 4-0 but the seventh seed in Surbiton managed to fend off the Brit and get on the board. It was Murray's turn to face break points at 4-2, as he saved the first but handed the break back to get Kudla back on serve at 3-4. Both men then continued to hold until the final game of the set, when the home favourite created a break and set point chance on the Kudla serve and managed to snatch it to win the opener 7-5 after taking the long route following his early lead. JUST IN: Djokovic and coach 'troubled' by French Open loss and yet to speak  The second set was neck-and-neck with no break points throughout as both men continued to hold serve en route to a tiebreak, while the conditions in Surbiton became increasingly windy. Murray was the first to pounce in the breaker, taking a mini-break lead at 2-1 before handing it straight back to the world No 81. Kudla then got a second mini-break to go 5-4 up, two points from forcing a decider with two serves. And he closed out a deadlocked second set 7-6(4) to keep himself in the semi-final. The 29-year-old then carried his momentum into the final set, creating five break point chances in Murray's first service game of the third set but failed to take the lead as the former world No 1 battled to level things at 1-1. DON'T MISSZverev posts fresh update on French Open injury with ligaments tornEmma Raducanu snubbed for 'best of the young group' Coco GauffGauff issues apology as Swiatek sends Ukraine message after final  But Kudla failed to go away, breaking later in the set to take a 4-2 lead that proved crucial, as both men continued to hold until the Ukrainian-born American served out a 5-7 7-6(4) 6-3 victory to love after two hours and 33 minutes. He will now face either eighth seed Jordan Thompson or qualifier Otto Virtanen in Sunday's final. The Brit will now return to the ATP Tour for the 250-point tournament in Stuttgart next week as he ramps up his Wimbledon preparations. Murray faces a qualifier in the first round.