Tottenham are not wasting any time at all this summer and the club are seriously backing Antonio Conte ahead of next season. Ivan Perisic has already been brought in on a free transfer, and both loan deals for Cristian Romero and Dejan Kulusevski are now permanent. Conte has been handed one blow already this summer, as Inter Milan centre-back Alessandro Bastoni is happy in Italy, meaning a move is doubtfulBastoni was reportedly Tottenham's top target, meaning it's back to the drawing board for Conte and transfer chief Fabio Paratici. Or so you may think, as it turns out Tottenham have six more centre-backs on an expanding transfer shortlist.It's been all about defence so far this window, with Perisic brought in to play wing-back, Romero putting the permanent stamp on his locker, and even Nottingham Forest sensation Djed Spence is close to a move. But according to football.london, Tottenham still have six centre-backs on their shortlist as they target more signings. READ MORE: Man Utd respond to Liverpool's Darwin Nunez deal as Erik ten Hag makes 'priority' clear  Football.london have reported that Tottenham still have Josko Gvardiol, Pau Torres, Marc Guehi, Gleison Bremer, Clement Lenglet and Ilya Zabarnyi on their list after being dealt a blow in their Bastoni chase. Of course, some are more favoured than others, but it just goes to show how serious Tottenham are this summer.After missing out on Bastoni, Leipzig defender Gvardiol is said to be their top priority, although interest in the Croatian is extremely high. Gvardiol joined Leipzig from Dinamo Zagreb in 2020 and established himself as a key part of their back line last season. DON'T MISSLeeds drop major Kalvin Phillips transfer hint amid Man City interest [REPORT]Leeds summer spending to reach £43.5m as Orta 'accelerates' third signing [TRANSFERS]Man Utd boss Ten Hag 'interested' in surprise left-field Brighton transfer [RUMOUR]  The 20-year-old was influential on their pathway to the Europa League semi-final, and also to securing Champions League football for next season. And because of those factors, Leipzig value him at £74m, with Manchester City and Chelsea keeping a close eye on proceedings.Next on their list is Villarreal star Pau Torres, who actually turned down a move to Tottenham last summer. But with Conte now in charge, they are hoping that things may be a little different this time around.  Unlike Leipzig, Villarreal do not have Champions League football next season, meaning that momentum has swung in Tottenham's favour. And with Giovani Lo Celso looking to make his loan move to the Yellow Submarine permanent, Tottenham also have some bargaining power.Lower down on Tottenham's list are Guehi, Bremer and Lenglet, but with the Crystal Palace star happy at Selhurst Park after leaving Chelsea last summer, a move is unlikely. Bremer has been linked with an exit from Torino, and Tottenham have reportedly been offered Lenglet on loan as Barcelona look to cut wages.  But Conte will only want to settle for the best, meaning that Gvardiol and Torres will be their main targets, although there is one more name that could be a man for the future. 19-year-old Ukraine international centre-back Zabarnyi has been mentioned, with the youngster impressing at Dynamo Kyiv.But he only signed a five-year deal recently, meaning his price may be inflated. It's shaping up to be a good window for Tottenham, and perhaps Conte can finally end the trophy drought at the club next season. 