Cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, garnered popularity after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. On one such group, Facebook user George Spencer asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Hi, can someone direct me to a solution to cleaning inside of washing machines please?” George’s post was inundated with responses but the most popular comment was to use soda crystals. Georgina Chandler said: “Soda crystals on a long hot wash.” Sammy Grossman suggested: “Soda crystals and a small capful of Zoflora smells lovely.” READ MORE: Cleaning: I used a 13p fruit to remove limescale from my kettle Lesley Taylor replied: “Soda crystals on their own and a hot wash. “No need for anything else.” Sal Clar said: “White vinegar and 500g soda crystals on a 90C wash.” Sammy Dodson commented: “Astonish mould spray for the door rubbers.  DON'T MISSInterior: ‘Biggest’ kitchen trends to avoid - ‘overdone and dated' [INSIGHT]Cleaning: How to remove rust from radiators - ‘easiest’ tip [UPDATE]Alan Titchmarsh shares best way to keep 'weeds down' in veg patch [ANALYSIS] “Add soda crystals to the drum then stick on a hot empty cycle. Works great.” Sandra Tippen replied: “Half a bag of soda crystals on a hot wash.” Joanne Grainger stated: “White vinegar, bicarbonate of soda on a hot wash.” Carla Jefferson remarked: “Couple of dishwasher tablets in the drum and a hot wash.” Sophie Hays wrote: “Two or three dishwasher tablets in your machine drum and then run on a 90C cycle.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Dri Pak Fine Soda Crystals cost 80p from Sainsbury’s and Ocado. Homecare soda crystals are also available from ASDA for 65p. Other suggestions for cleaning inside washing machines included using dishwasher tablets, Dettol washing machine cleaner and Zoflora. Sandyholmes Holmes said: “Most washers have a drum clean cycle. “I just use that with a tiny amount of powder and my machine stays clean and fresh.”  Ange Richmond replied: “Two dishwasher tablets on a hot wash. “Once done wipe drum, seal and door with undiluted Zoflora, leave door open overnight if possible. “Then do every two to three months. The door, if you can, leave open as often as you can. “I do mine three to four nights a week, stops the build up smell of damp water.” Rebecca Woodley said: “Dishwasher tablet on a hot wash.” While Olivia Shenton-Taylor commented: “I use the Dettol washing machine cleaner.”