Tony Cascarino believes that Liverpool will break their transfer record this summer as they aim to replace Sadio Mane. The Senegalese forward has been strongly linked with a move to Bayern Munich, and the former Chelsea striker believes that while Jurgen Klopp’s club have recruited well in the past, they will spend big to replace Mane. “I’m not scared”, Cascarino said on talkSPORT at the prospect of the team he supports losing Mane. “League Cup winners, FA Cup winners, final of the Champions League and 92 points in the Premier League. “I trust in the recruitment team at Liverpool and this time last summer I remember talking about Gini Wijnaldum, he was a big player - not as big as Mane, one of Liverpool’s best. It does happen, big clubs do lose very important players, it’s what you do to replace them. I think Liverpool have started that process by bringing in Jota and Luis Diaz. “I will be amazed if by the end of this transfer window Liverpool haven’t broken their own transfer record. I will be amazed.” Liverpool’s record signing is Virgil van Dijk’s £75million move from Southampton in 2018, while they have been linked with Arsenal’s Bukayo Saka and Benfica’s Darwin Nunez as possible replacements for Mane. The 30-year-old Senegal star has just one year left on his contract at Anfield, and previously told reporters ahead of Liverpool’s 1-0 defeat to Real Madrid in the Champions League final: “Honestly I think the answer I can give you now is I feel very good, and I am fully focused on the Saturday game, that is the answer I must give before the final. But come back to me on Saturday and I will give you the best answer you want to hear, for sure. It’s special. I will give you all you want to hear then.” Bayern Munich have reportedly made an opening offer of £21million plus a further £4m in bonuses for Mane, though it is believed that the Liverpool chiefs are holding out for a much higher fee despite running the risk of losing their forward for free next summer. The German giants are interested in Mane as a replacement for Polish striker Robert Lewandowski, who has publicly stated his desire to leave Germany and move to Barcelona this summer. “I just want to leave Bayern.” The 33-year-old admitted. “Loyalty and respect are more important than the work. Something died inside me - and it’s impossible to get over that. Even if you want to be professional, you can’t make up for it.” Klopp will be keen to complete his second transfer of the summer, after already confirming a deal for Fulham teenager Fabio Carvalho, by sealing the signing of Aberdeen full-back Calvin Ramsay. The 18-year-old could provide cover for Trent Alexander-Arnold.