Freeview customers face a big week of disruption with the popular telly service being forced to make some dramatic changes. The update is all due to one of the TV signals used to beam channels into homes being switched off on June 30 to make way for 5G mobile technology and that means there's less space for broadcasters. To help keep channels on air, numerous stations are switching places on the TV planner - full details here - but some are also being switched off for good including the BBC's HD News channel. From next week, Freeview users will no longer be able to tune into the latest news in glorious high definition with the BBC saying,  "As a consequence of the closure of COM7, BBC News on Freeview will be available only in SD from the end of June 2022. However, you can still watch it in HD on BBC iPlayer." Along with the BBC News HD channel heading to the history books there are a further eight channels that will soon disappear including  QVC HD, PBS America+1 and More4+1. Sports fans will also lose access to the FreeSports channel and Forces TV has confirmed that the signal switch-off has affected its service with things coming to a close on June 30. "Forces_TV bids you farewell on 30 June. We’ve loved bringing you all your favourite classics," the firm said in a tweet. HERE'S THE FULL LIST OF CHANNELS LEAVING FREEVIEW FROM JUNE 30 • FreeSports - current channel 65 • CBS Justice -  current channel 69 • More4+1 -  current channel 86 • PBS America+1 -  current channel87 • Forces TV - current channel96 • BBC News HD -  current channel 107 • QVC HD -  current channel111 • QVC Beauty HD -  current channel112 • Quest HD -  current channel 114 Speaking to Express.co.uk, a Freeview spokesperson said: “Since the decision by Ofcom to make more airwaves available for mobile data, the Ofcom license for some channels broadcasting on Freeview has expired. This means that affected channels are making changes to the way they are broadcast moving forward." Although that's bad news for Freeview there are also some better updates on the horizon. From June 29 two new channels will become available for Freeview fans - E4 Extra which will appear on channel number 31 as well as Legend (which is the rebranded Horror channel) on channel number 41. E4 Extra promises to focus on comedy and entertainment with shows already confirmed including Batwoman, Ramsay’s Kitchen Nightmares, Ninja Warrior Japan and Undercover Boss USA. And favourites such as Big Bang Theory, The Inbetweeners and Derry Girls will be shown on the channel. It's also been confirmed that E4 Extra will have the UK exclusive of the second series of reality vogueing competition, Legendary, exploring the world of ball culture with celebrity judges including Jameela Jamil and Megan Thee Stallion. Speaking about the launch, Karl Warner, Head of Youth and Digital at Channel 4 said: "4Music started life as a music channel, but it has changed over time in line with audience demands offering a blend of E4 flavoured comedy and entertainment. So E4 Extra feels like a natural evolution, strengthening the E4 brand and optimising the content mix between the channels." It's worth noting that you will need to retune your TV on both June 29 and June 30 to update your channels and to keep your TV Guide up to date.