Rafael Nadal has had a truly remarkable 2022 so far. After returning to the tour following a five-month injury layoff away and contracting Covid-19 late last year, the Spaniard took Australia by storm in January. After capturing the Melbourne Summer Set, a warm-up tournament ahead of the year’s first grand slam, Nadal defied the odds and overturned a two-set deficit in the final to win the Australian Open for the first time since 2009. He backed up the remarkable victory by cruising to the Acapulco title in February, which helped him began the year with a 20-match unbeaten run before losing the Indian Wells final to Taylor Fritz in March. Having suffered a rib injury in that match, Nadal missed the beginning of the clay-court season, before going on to claim his 14th French Open in magnificent style. His latest victory no doubt added to the 22-time Grand Slam champion’s staggering net worth, which is estimated to be £162 million ($220 million), according to Celebrity Net Worth. Nadal has pocketed £104 million ($128,081,950) from his 92 title wins, and will be aiming to add a third Wimbledon crown to his incredible haul when the tournament begins next week. There was uncertainty regarding Nadal’s appearance at the All-England Club this year, as his triumph at Roland Garros came amid a series of painkilling injections. Following the Paris final, Nadal was reluctant to commit to appearing at SW19. However, in a major boost to the tournament, the iconic figure has now altered his point of view. JUST IN: Wimbledon plot major 'AI-powered' overhaul to improve fan experience at 2022 championship   "My intention is to play Wimbledon," Nadal told reporters in Mallorca. "I have trained well this week and my departure on Monday for London is to that effect." But he remained cautious, claiming his injury would be monitored closely ahead of the tournament, which starts on June 27. He has already undergone intensive treatment on the problem in Barcelona. "My foot situation must be evaluated day after day, so at this moment I don't have this certainty of being able to play," he added. "I just know that I want to play the tournament, but we must also be careful. Now it's too early to give a definitive answer. In the first days I had complicated feelings, day after day I got better. "One more week of training in London and I hope to be able to play at Wimbledon and to be competitive to do so." Nadal has been seeded number two at this year's Wimnbledon, and is scheduled to meet top seed Novak Djokovic in a potential blockbuster final. DON'T MISS Off the court, Nadal confirmed his wife Mery Perello is pregnant with their first child. Nadal and Perello tied the knot in October 2019 after dating for 14 years and are now set to welcome their first child. "If all goes well, I'm going to be a father," he told reporters on Friday. "I'm not used to talking about my personal life, prefer to keep a low-profile. I don't anticipate this meaning a change to my professional life." 