Lewis Hamilton and George Russell will benefit from extra aerodynamic and wind tunnel testing for the second half of the season because of an FIA rule. Mercedes will move from 70 per cent aerodynamic testing limits to 80 per cent, meaning they will get extra time to spend on developing their car. It comes after the Silver Arrows dropped two positions in the ATR handicap system designed to limit testing for the most successful teams. Every team is given an allocation of their allowance based on their position in the world championship. The graph is altered at the end of each aerodynamic testing period with the next step closing at the end of next week. The constructors' results from Canada will be used to determine the graph, seeing Mercedes drop two positions. It also means they will be given extra CFD items to play with in an attempt to solve the issues on their car. Red Bull and Ferrari will both lose five per cent of their aero testing limit for moving up one position in the chart. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton has Silverstone upgrades confirmed after protest threat Williams are the other big benefactor from the rule change, dropping down two positions to gain an extra 10 per cent allowance. Alfa Romeo’s superb start to the season has seen them move up three positions in the constructors' standings. It means they lose 15 per cent of their aero testing time while nearest rivals Alpha Tauri and Aston Martin both gain five per cent. Haas is one place higher in the standings so will drop five per cent of their allowance for the rest of the season. The ATR graph was first introduced last season with just a 2.5 per cent increase between teams. This was changed to five per cent for this season in an attempt to help balance out the competition. DON'T MISSJacques Villeneuve points finger at Lewis Hamilton for Mercedes issues [INSIGHT]Valtteri Bottas went into 'dark place' as Lewis Hamilton's team-mate [COMMENT]Sir Jackie Stewart wants Lewis Hamilton to 'resign' from F1 [ANALYSIS] The extra wind tunnel time means Mercedes can spend more time developing next year’s design. Mercedes have already confirmed they have extra upgrades in the pipeline for the British Grand Prix at the home race for both Hamilton and Russell. Mercedes technical director Mike Elliott said: “We will be bringing new bits to Silverstone. We will be trying to push the car forward, trying to get some pace from the package we've got as well as the new bits we are going to add to it.”