Barcelona have reportedly promised Robert Lewandowski they’ll get their finances sorted in order to snap him up. And that certainly bodes well for Manchester United when it comes to securing the arrival of Frenkie de Jong. The Netherlands international is Erik ten Hag’s top target - and the La Liga giants need the cash. It’s been an open secret over the past month that United want to sign De Jong this summer. While he’s immensely talented, he’s often struggled for consistency at Barcelona - blowing hot and cold under Ernesto Valverde, Quique Setien, Ronald Koeman and Xavi. Barcelona, in order to sign Lewandowski, need to sort out their finances. Players at the Nou Camp are being asked to take pay cuts, with established heroes Gerard Pique and Sergio Busquets among them. And the fact they’ve promised Lewandowski they’ll get their books balanced bodes well for United. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer While Barcelona could sell other players, De Jong represents their best chance of getting a substantial fee all in one go. United know that but, at the current moment in time, are unwilling to meet their La Liga counterparts’ demands. Barcelona want a fee in the region of £70million to let the 25-year-old go, which is slightly more than what they paid for De Jong back in the summer transfer window of 2019. Yet United would prefer to pay an initial £60m instead, as well as add-ons. What is evident now, however, is that Barcelona are looking increasingly like they need the money for their star asset. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links As well as signing Lewandowski, they also need to register Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie - who are primed to move from Chelsea and AC Milan respectively. And if United do sign De Jong, it’ll represent a statement signing at the start of the Ten Hag era. The duo were previously successful together at Ajax, helping them reach the semi-finals of the Champions League three years ago. De Jong would likely walk into this United team, especially following the departures of Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba. Matic has joined Roma, with the Serbia international choosing to reunite with Jose Mourinho - who he played under at both United and Chelsea. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And Pogba is looking increasingly likely to return to Juventus, six years after he quit the Serie A side. Regarding De Jong, meanwhile, former United star Luke Chadwick thinks he’d be a great signing for Ten Hag’s project. “I definitely think the club should go for someone like De Jong. United need new options in the middle of the pitch, and he’s a hugely gifted player,” Chadwick told CaughtOffside. “We’re not privy to his situation or everything that’s being said behind closed doors, but it does seem like every Ajax player past and present is being linked with United since Ten Hag got the job. “I’m sure those Dutch players in that incredible team that Ten Hag built at Ajax would relish the opportunity to work with him again. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I’m sure someone like De Jong would at least want the opportunity to speak to the club. “He fits the profile, he’s a completely different character to Pogba in terms of how he conducts himself off the pitch. “In my eyes, looking at the player, but not knowing the entire situation, admittedly, I think United should go for him. “I think he should be considered because of what he did at Ajax under Ten Hag previously.” Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here