Though sorely missed, the Queen remained at the spiritual heart of the Platinum Jubilee – the gathering of a 2,000-strong congregation at St Paul’s Cathedral to mark her momentous 70-year reign. While the eyes of the world were on Prince Harry, who seamlessly returned to the fold for his first major royal event in two years, the carefully planned service was kept resolutely focused on a monarch who has led the nation – and her own family – with unerring dignity and fortitude. In language the Queen would surely appreciate, the Archbishop of York Stephen Cottrell used a series of horse-racing metaphors in his sermon, telling her: “You’re still in the saddle.” Addressing Her Majesty, who was watching on television at Windsor Castle, the archbishop paid tribute to her incredible “service and faithfulness”. The Queen was forced to miss the service after suffering “discomfort” following a busy first day of festivities including balcony appearances at Buckingham Palace and beacon lighting at Windsor Castle. Last night palace officials confirmed that she will not be attending today’s Derby at Epsom either. She is also understood to be unlikely to attend tonight’s BBC Platinum Party at the Palace, a concert in her honour in front of Buckingham Palace, where Charles and William will both make speeches in praise of Her Majesty. The father and son will speak separately towards the end of the open-air show, which falls on the third evening of the four-day Jubilee festivities. On the first night, Thursday, the Queen appeared frail at Windsor Castle – walking very slowly and carefully before setting off a chain of beacons across the country. Kate told one guest at a reception at London’s Guildhall yesterday that Her Majesty was “fine” but had found the day “very tiring”. Gill Smallwood, from Bolton, said: “[Kate] said, ‘Yes, she was fine, it was just very tiring yesterday, and [the Queen] had had a lovely, lovely time.’” Yesterday the Most Rev Cottrell – who had to step in at the 11th hour after the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Most Rev Justin Welby, tested positive for Covid – commended the Queen for “staying the course” and said that the “race of life” was more like the longer distance of the Aintree course, rather than the sprint of the Epsom Derby. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 **  Listening intently were the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who were seated notice-ably far away from William, 39, Kate, 40, Charles, 73, and Camilla, 74. It is thought that the officials who arranged the seating took care in trying to avoid a repeat of the strained scenes when the Sussexes and Cambridges sat near each other at their last joint event in March 2020 at Westminster Abbey. Yesterday Prince Charles, officially representing his 96-year-old mother, was sitting on the front row next to the aisle on the right, where the Queen would have been. William and Kate were between Charles and Camilla to their left and the Princess Royal and her husband, Vice Admiral Tim Laurence, on their right. Harry, still sixth in line to the throne, and his American wife were relegated to the second row of junior royals on the opposite side of the aisle. They were more than 20ft away from Harry’s father, stepmother, brother and sister-in-law. The Sussexes sat behind the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester and the Earl and Countess of Wessex’s children, Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn. Harry and Meghan were understood to have met Charles and Camilla at Clarence House before the service amid hopes the family divisions between the Sussexes and their relatives could be healed. But there was little sign of a thawing in relations in public yesterday at the cathedral where the Sussexes, greeted by a mixed reception of boos and cheers as they walked up the steps to the cathedral, looked tense at times but kept on smiling for the cameras.  Harry, who spent 10 years in the Army and served two tours of duty in Afghanistan, was in morning suit and wearing his military medals and other decorations, including his new Platinum Jubilee medal, given to every member of the Royal Family as a memento by the Queen, who pays for the gifts themselves. After sitting down, the couple chatted aimiably with Princesses Eugenie and Beatrice, their husbands and Princess Margaret’s daughter Lady Sarah Chatto. At one point Harry was spotted with his mouth open, appearing to be enjoying a joke with other royals – most likely Zara and Mike Tindall – seated across the aisle. There was no conversation or eye contact with Charles, Camilla, William, Kate, or any of the other working members of the Royal Family in the front row.  Sources said there would be family meetings during the couple’s stay but it is not clear if they will include William and Kate, who will be in Cardiff for part of today, as the Queen sends her family out to the nations of the United Kingdom. She is expected to see Harry and Meghan’s daughter Lilibet on her first birthday today. There are unconfirmed reports that she may have already met her great-granddaughter for the first time during the Sussexes’ stay at Frogmore Cottage at Windsor. Buckingham Palace described the reports as “speculation”.  More than 2,000 people filled the cathedral, including Prime Minister Boris Johnson, cabinet ministers, Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer, first ministers of the devolved governments and every living former prime minister. At the end of the service, as senior clerics waited to bid the congregation goodbye, Meghan shared a joke with the Archbishop of York and Harry. The trio then erupted into laughter before the Sussexes left on their own. They were the only members of the Royal Family who had been at the cathedral not to go on to a reception at London’s Guildhall. It is understood that they were invited but declined. 