Hosted by the Duke of Richmond at his Goodwood Estate in West Sussex, thousands of car enthusiasts will attend the festivities from Thursday, June 23, until Sunday June 26. It will be sure to feature some spectacular car shows, first-ever showcases of next-gen cars, the world famous hillclimb and much more. The Road To 2030 presented by Sky Zero is the new interactive home for electric mobility, a space where attendees can see all the latest EVs, and those that are set to launch in the near future. Experts also will be on hand to assist car enthusiasts with their burning questions pon all things electric. Goodwood have not yet confirmed which EVs will be on display, but have promised the best city cars, saloons, SUVs, sports carts and hypercars. READ MORE: Drivers told to use secret button to reduce fuel consumption Michelin are promising petrolheads the opportunity to see the most “exotic and exciting vehicles on the planet” in its Supercar Paddock at Goodwood. Over 60 dramatic super, hyper and race cars will be on show. The paddock will have four special vehicles positioned on Michelin plinths, including the hydrogen powered Viritech Apricale hypercar; the highly sought-after Porsche Cayman 718 GT4 MR; and the H24 designed by Green GT, a high-performance electric-hydrogen prototype race car. DON'T MISSDrivers urged to follow simple steps at the petrol station [INSIGHT]Drivers urged to use hypermiling hack to boost efficiency 25 percent [EFFICIENCY]Plans to simplify electric car charging for drivers to promote switch [EV CHANGES] The Goodwood Hillclimb is a key and much-loved part of the international motoring world, with thousands crowding the track to see racers complete the 1.16-mile long course. Last year, Rob Bell finished the course in a time of 45.01 seconds in a McLaren 720S GT3X. Juan Pablo Montoya, Indy 500 champion and F1 legend said: “The Goodwood Festival of Speed Hillclimb was the narrowest, bumpiest, least grippy course I've ever driven. But I loved it.” The F1 Pit Lane offers unrivalled access to the most advanced pieces of racing machinery on the planet. Formula 1 fans will be able to watch mechanics build, prepare and start the fastest cars in the world, right in front of them. In previous years, the likes of Lewis Hamilton, Fernando Alonso, Sebastian Vettel and legends like Jackie Hill and Damon Hill have all graced the paddock. A range of manufacturers are set to unveil new cars at Goodwood, with all eyes on the newest models. Bentley is predicted to make a splash with the Continental GT Mulliner, the Flying Spur S which can come as a hybrid and the Mulliner Project. Lexus may also give attendees a taste of the future with the teasing of its EV sports car concept which is said to have a zero to 60mph time of two seconds. The Polestar 5 prototype is also set to make an appearance with the fully electric car supposedly making a run up the famous hillclimb course.