Ajax and Villarreal defenders Jurrien Timber and Pau Torres would be ‘happy’ to join Manchester United this summer, it has been claimed. The Red Devils are looking to back Erik ten Hag as they target a first Premier League title since 2013. And though Frenkie de Jong appears to be their immediate priority, interest in other players remains. Manchester United could lose three defenders this summer, with Eric Bailly, Axel Tuanzebe and Phil Jones all facing uncertain futures at Old Trafford. And that means links to Timber and Torres have been intensifying in recent weeks. Timber played under Ten Hag at Ajax and, though he’s a centre-back by trade, he can also go at right-back. Torres, meanwhile, was on United’s radar 12 months ago only for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer to end up swooping for Raphael Varane instead - with the France international touching down from Real Madrid. Now, speaking to The United Stand, Fabrizio Romano has claimed both players would be ‘happy’ to move to the Red Devils. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer “Both players [Pau Torres & Timber] would be happy to join,” he told the channel. And he then added: "I see Pau Torres playing in the Premier League next season because he wants the move and has good chances to move. “Timber is waiting for #MUFC to update him on the situation with Ajax.” While Ten Hag can be forgiven for eyeing a raid on Ajax, his old club, the Eredivisie giants are determined to keep their squad together. Timber isn’t the only player being linked with United as they gear up for a summer spending spree, either. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links Antony is one option for the Red Devils, having developed well under Ten Hag in recent years. Lisandro Martinez has been tipped to join, too, amid United’s ongoing search for a new centre-back. And it’s feasible United will move for Sebastien Haller, too, who turned into a prolific striker with Ten Hag as his manager. Regarding Torres, he could become United’s 10th signing from La Liga. United landed the likes of Jordi Cruyff, Quinton Fortune, Ricardo, Gerard Pique and David De Gea. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz When Louis van Gaal ruled the roost, in came Ander Herrera, Angel Di Maria and Victor Valdes. And, under Jose Mourinho and Solskjaer respectively, Eric Bailly and Varane touched down. Torres was recently asked about his future at Villarreal. And he said: ”I have the peace of mind of being where they want me, where I have a valid contract and a renewal offer. “The future will tell what happens but I am very calm, I do not look further and it is time to disconnect. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “It has been two years very good at Villarreal, we have competed with the best at European level which is what every player wants. “And if, in addition, you do it in your town's team, it's bigger.” And he then added: "It's something I've always talked about with the president, that different situations could arise. “The club loves me and I am very grateful. I know that I can stay here for many more years because the affection is mutual. “We'll see what we decide.”