Danni Menzies has been a staple on A Place in the Sun since 2016, and during this time the Channel 4 presenter has helped many house hunters to find their dream holiday home abroad. Despite announcing plans to leave the show, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Danni discussed how she deals with fussy property buyers behind the scenes. She explained a lot of her house hunters often change their minds about what they are looking for when they actually view a property. "It’s tough because you never know what people are going to love or what they're not going to love and priorities always change drastically," the property expert began. "They're on location and you're seeing things in real life, so you think you want one thing and then you get there and something else becomes more important." During every episode of A Place in the Sun, the presenters always have their top five properties which are shown on TV. READ MORE: Jon Kay skewers Eustice over energy usage plans However, Danni explained the producers always have a number of backup properties just in case the house hunters aren't impressed with the chosen five homes. The 33-year-old went on to admit there was a lot happening behind the scenes which viewers don't get to see. She continued: "We cut to the house hunters when we are viewing a property, but we try to kind of predict what they might think or say or a feel where we actually see it. "We have the properties you see on the show but we also have a backup selection as well." Despite the team's best efforts, Danni said sometimes they have to work through the night to find their prospective buyers the right holiday home. "There is sometimes a scramble to change how we film things in order to do the best by the house hunters," the presenter added. "Sometimes we have some good back-ups and sometimes we have to make some phone calls late at night." Danni said the panic sinks in when she fails to impress her buyers with her property choices. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street fans 'work out' Sonya's identity in Nicky DNA twist [SPOILERS]Susanna Reid shuts down GMB Remainer in fiery Brexit row [VIDEO]Vera star recalls awkward scene with Brenda Blethyn [INSIGHT] "If they like all five [properties] it’s like, ‘Are you taking this seriously?’ because you can’t love everything," the expert admitted. "I find it okay if they don’t like a couple but if you get to property three and they don’t like one of those, then you start to panic a bit and you're like, 'Oh, God, are we doing it right?'" Recalling how one couple cut short a property search after entering the second room, Danni added: "We changed a couple of properties at the last minute as we had sort of realised we were going the wrong direction. "On the last show they got into the second room and they were like, ‘This isn’t going to work for us’ so we cut it short." Earlier this year, Danni confirmed she would be leaving A Place in the Sun after six years. The presenter has decided to step away from her role to focus on more projects closer to home. At the time, Danni released a statement detailing why she has decided to leave the series. She went on to reassure fans, saying while she is leaving, she still has plenty of shows left to film. "I've got plenty of new shows coming out in the next series," Danni explained. "So although I've finished filming, it's not quite the end of me on the show yet!" A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4.