The raise comes at the time when the entire country is beginning to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee this weekend. According to reports, after a two-year pay freeze, the 96-year-old monarch has agreed to increase palace workers’ wages by as much as five percent in a bid to help them through the cost of living crisis.  Royal source told The Telegraph that the move is “not a Jubilee bonus – it’s in recognition of everyone’s hard work over the past two years”. It is believed the generous salary increase from the monarch is a thanks to her staff after a difficult few years with the Covid crisis and the Duke of Edinburgh’s funeral. During lockdown, a tight retinue of aides spent months self-isolating with the Queen and Prince Philip at Windsor Castle in what was nicknamed “HMS Bubble”. A royal source told The Telegraph: “Staff will get a minimum of a 2.5 percent pay rise, rising up to five percent depending on their personal performance.  “But it’s fair to say the majority will get five percent. “After two years of pay freeze, it was felt appropriate. “There has also been a pay rise for lower paid employees in that time, linked to the London Living Wage. “It is not being billed as a Jubilee bonus – it’s in recognition of everyone’s hard work over the past two years.” READ MORE: Royal Family: Harry awarded 'exceptional status' ahead of Jubilee  A palace insider revealed with the publication: “Everyone is really delighted with the pay rise, which was announced in an internal memo. “With the cost of living crisis we are struggling like everyone else, and it helps to pay the bills. Here’s to the Queen.” The pay rise is higher than the rate of annual pay growth, which was four percent, excluding bonuses, from December 2021 to February this year, according to the Office for National Statistics. In April, a survey by the Chartered Management Institute (CMI) found that British employers were offering annual pay settlements worth an average increase of 2.8 percent to staff. DON'T MISS:Monkeypox warning: Virus outbreak increasing within communitiesPutin faces fresh threat as Denmark overwhelmingly votes to join EURoyal fans hail Queen’s respect for Grenfell victims