As you get older, your skin loses elasticity. As a result, it can sag and wrinkles can form. Miss Jonquille Chantrey, surgeon & founder of ØNE Aesthetic Studiø, uses the Lumenis NuEra® Tight, a machine that contours the body without going under the knife. Dr Chantrey spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about this non-surgical cosmetic treatment and how it can “reveal a firm and toned body hidden underneath layers of fat or loose skin”. Dr Chantrey explained: “NuEra® Tight adapts the treatment to perfectly match your individual needs. “Radiofrequency (RF) technology has become increasingly popular with clients, as they look to sculpt problem areas comfortably and without downtime. “NuEra® Tight can be used for standalone solutions for fat reduction, skin tightening, cellulite and wrinkle reduction, or be combined with other treatments depending on your desire. “What I love is that it has been designed by Lumenis to deliver safe, effective treatments that benefit all skin types, ages, and genders. The choice of where to start is yours.” READ MORE: Kate Middleton's 'secret' to 'defined and groomed' eyebrows She continued: “Everyone has a sculpted physique waiting to be revealed, and sometimes diet and exercise are not enough to reach our aesthetic goals. “Body contouring is an effective way to transform your appearance without surgery. “It can target many areas of the body, including your chin, arms, stomach, hips, flanks, knees, and many more areas. “Using advanced heated laser technology, it helps shape the body and address specific areas where weight loss isn’t effective, or after significant weight loss, or pregnancy, sometimes resulting in loose skin.” DON'T MISS...Costa Coffee announces FREE iced drinks - here’s how to claim [NEWS]Sophie Wessex's fast becoming Kate’s right hand woman - ‘trusted' [BODY LANGUAGE]Best way to store lettuce - fresh and crispy for 3 weeks [FOOD HACK] The beauty expert added: “Body sculpting treatments no longer rely on surgery as radio frequency technology will continue to increase in interest. “We see hundreds of people each summer who want to firm and lift age-related loose skin and sagging quickly, without undergoing surgery. NuEra Tight™ with FocalRF™ technology combines five different frequencies to dial in the depth of energy penetration, heating a specific skin and tissue layer, catering a bespoke result depending on the patient’s individual needs. “In addition, we customise the procedure using combinations of other skin and lifestyle adjuncts so that anyone can achieve the best possible results with the shortest downtime." The NuEra® Tight targets four of the most requested skin care solutions: Fat Reduction: "NuEra® Tight is a truly personalised body contouring experience and starts with FocalRF® technology which treats fat on any region of the body easily and effectively,” Dr Chantrey said. Skin Tightening: "NuEra® Tight automatically lifts and regulates the temperature in the skin tissue to stimulate collagen and improve signs of sagging skin and wrinkles. “From large areas of the body to a smaller facial area, FocalRF® technology targets the right settings for your body, ensuring safe and effective treatments,” she added. Cellulite Reduction: "Powered by FocalRF® technology, NuEra® Tight uses different modes and effective massage manipulation, to remodel cellulite and improve the appearance of bumps and dimpling. “Clients can expect significant results after just one treatment,” Dr Chantrey claimed. Wrinkle reduction: "NuEra® Tight stimulates blood flow and creates an immediate smoothing effect that will continue to improve as the body’s healing mechanism generates new collagen production." Dr Chantrey recommends three sessions, with one week between each body session, and two for the face. Pricing varies across the UK, but is approximately £200 per session for the face, glutes and tummy. £300 for thighs, and face & Neck, and £400 for the glutes and thighs. You can find your nearest Lumenis NuEra Tight™ provider here: Laser Treatment Solutions - Patient Information | Lumenis