Scores more on both sides were injured, while more than 100 migrants managed to cross from Morocco in Melilla, they said. Melilla and Ceuta, a second Spanish enclave also on Africa's northern coast, have over the past decade become a magnet for mostly sub-Saharan migrants trying to get into Europe. Friday's attempt began around 6.40am in the face of resistance from Moroccan security forces. At around 8:40 am, more than 500 migrants began to enter Melilla, jumping over the roof of a border checkpoint after cutting through fencing with a bolt cutter, the Madrid government's representative body there said in a statement. Most were forced back but around 130 men managed to reach the enclave and were being processed at its reception centre for immigrants, it added. Footage posted on social media showed large groups of African youths walking along roads around the border, celebrating entering Melilla and the firing of what appeared to be tear gas by the authorities. Spanish authorities said the border incursion led to 57 migrants and 49 Spanish police sustaining injuries. READ MORE: Putin faces MUTINY as Russian troops join Kyiv forces  Morocco's Interior Ministry said five migrants died in the border raid, some after falling from the fence surrounding Melilla, and that 76 migrants were injured, including 13 seriously. A total of 140 Members of Moroccan security forces were also injured, it added, including five seriously. Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez paid tribute to officers on both side of the border for fighting off "a well-organised, violent assault" which he suggested was organised by "human trafficking mafias". He underscored the improvement in relations between Madrid and Rabat, which came after Spain in March recognised the position of Morocco towards the Western Sahara, a territory the North African nation claims as its own but where an Algeria-backed independence movement is demanding the establishment of an autonomous state. "I would like to thank the extraordinary cooperation we are having with the Kingdom of Morocco which demonstrates the need to have the best of relations," he said. AMDH Nador, a Moroccan human rights watchdog, said the incursion came a day after migrants clashed with Moroccan security personnel attempting to clear camps they had set up in a forest near Melilla. The watchdog's head, Omar Naji, told Reuters that clash was part of an "intense crackdown" on migrants since Spanish and Moroccan forces resumed joint patrols and reinforced security measures in the area around the enclave. The Moroccan border control did not respond to a request comment. DON'T MISS Pressure mounts on secret court to name Rwanda flights row lawyer [INSIGHT]Prince Charles to use 'own moral compass' to comment on policy as king [VIDEO]Boris risks Charles Rwanda row saying critics should keep ‘open mind’ [ANALYSIS] The incursion was the first significant one since Spain adopted its more pro-Rabat stance over Western Sahara. In the weeks of 2022 prior to that shift, migrant entries into the two enclaves had more than trebled compared with the same period of 2021. In mid-2021, as many as 8,000 people swam into Ceuta or clambered over its fence over a couple of days, taking advantage of the apparent lifting of a security net on the Moroccan side of the border following a bilateral diplomatic spat. READ NEXT: Note to woke: Brits taught Europe human rights FREDERICK FORSYTH Boris Johnson warns against 'Ukraine-fatigue''Awkward!' Charles Rwanda trip risks descending into chaosShowtime at Glastonbury but count me out, says JAMES WHALERwandan ships patrolling Channel - THAT would be migrant game changer