Tyrell Malacia has chosen to join Manchester United instead of Lyon, according to reports. The Feyenoord left-back impressed Erik ten Hag with his performances in the Eredivisie last term. And, despite previously looking set for a move to Ligue 1, he’s poised to play his football at Old Trafford next season instead. Manchester United have spent the bulk of their summer pursuing a deal for Frenkie de Jong, who is now expected to move from Barcelona after an agreement with the La Liga giants was reached. And with the 25-year-old sharing an agent with Malacia, the Red Devils have now been able to swoop in for the Feyenoord star as well. The full-back left a positive impression on Ten Hag last season, shining as Feyenoord made the final of the UEFA Conference League where they were eventually beaten by Jose Mourinho’s Roma. Lyon had been hoping to land the Netherlands international as a result. But L’Equipe say Malacia has now chosen to join United, with the defender poised to play under Ten Hag next term. It represents a significant coup for the Red Devils, who have been hoping to add to their full-back options this summer. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez Malacia is expected to play second fiddle to Luke Shaw at first, before eventually replacing the England international. And his move to the Red Devils means two of their current left-backs are now primed to be shown the door, with United well-stocked in that department. They expected big things from Alex Telles when he touched down from Porto back in the summer transfer window of 2020. Yet the Brazil international has failed to live up to expectations and, now, has been deemed surplus to requirements. Under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, Brandon Williams was tipped for a bright future at the club. He did well enough on loan at Norwich City last term, despite the Canaries succumbing to Premier League relegation by winning just five of their 38 league games. But Williams is another player now expected to depart Old Trafford, too. United aren’t likely to stop with the signings of De Jong and Malacia as Ten Hag looks to make his mark in the Premier League at the first time of asking. They’re also keen on another centre-back, with Eric Bailly, Axel Tuanzebe and Phil Jones all up for sale. And Ten Hag is eager to secure a reunion with Lisandro Martinez, who impressed playing under the 52-year-old at Ajax as they won the Eredivisie title last term. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Antony is another player in their sights as well. The Brazil international, like Martinez, flourished playing under Ten Hag in Amsterdam - scoring eight goals and registering four assists in 23 league games last time out. And though he’ll be expensive, United will be hoping they can haggle Antony’s price down - like they have with De Jong. Malacia, meanwhile, was recently asked about a potential move to United. And, with a big smile on his face, he said: “I am certainly ready for the next step.” Malacia did say, however, that he’s not really thinking about his future at a time where United are looking to snap him up. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “But first I want to focus on the Orange squad and play here,” said the defender, who is hoping to feature for the Netherlands international at the World Cup in Qatar later this year. “I feel like everything happens for a reason and everything is written. If it’s the right time, it’s the right time. I’m not really thinking about it, it’s in the back of my mind. But I don’t want to comment on it.”