The Duke of York was accused of sexual abuse by Virginia Giuffre, which he vehemently denied. Earlier in 2022, Andrew settled the civil case in the US with his accuser, without accepting liability but paying an unspecified amount to Ms Giuffre and to her charity for victims' rights. At Glastonbury Festival, held at Worthy Farm in Pilton, Somerset, graffiti was spotted insulting the exiled royal. In a picture uploaded to social media with the caption, "They've gone early this year #Glastonbury2022", the offending message can be seen. It reads: "Prince Andrew is a sweaty *****”. Graffiti also appeared at Download Festival last week with messages written across the toilets blasting the “sweaty” Duke. The mocking messages reference Andrew’s 2019 BBC Newsnight interview with Emily Maitlis, where the Duke claimed he could not sweat due to a traumatic event he experienced during the 1982 Falklands War. During that time he served as a Royal Navy helicopter pilot and used the condition to deny claims from Ms Giuffre, who claimed the Duke’s “sweat was... raining everywhere basically” during an alleged meeting in a London nightclub. The Duke of York denied ever meeting Ms Giuffre at the Tramp Nightclub during the relevant time period. Ms Giuffre told BBC Panorama It was horrible and this guy was sweating all over me, his sweat was like it was raining basically everywhere, I was just like grossed out from it.” The Prince later told the BBC Newsnight: "There's a slight problem with the sweating because I have a peculiar medical condition which is that I don't sweat or I didn't sweat at the time. "Yes, I didn't sweat at the time because I had suffered what I would describe as an overdose of adrenalin in the Falklands War when I was shot at, and I simply … it was almost impossible for me to sweat." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Vicious Harry and Meghan divorce report crushed It comes as Andrew could be stripped of the title Duke of York under a proposed law. Rachael Maskell, Labour MP for York Central, has now proposed ‘The Removal of Titles Bill’, which has been tabled in Parliament. Ms Maskell said: “There are no mechanisms in place, even for the monarch, to remove the title. “Back in February, when we had the focus on the court case, which was being brought against Andrew, my constituents responded that 80% of people wanted the association with the current Duke of York to be broken. “And therefore, I met with the clerks here in the Commons to see how it can be achieved.” Ms Maskell stressed the proposed legislation could also have “wider implications”. DON'T MISS Brexit LIVE: 'Game-changer' US governor throws weight behind Britain Ukraine LIVE: Putin crisis as four dead after ammo depot explosion GMB viewers lash out at remainer protester 'Get some security!' Andrew has given up several patronages after he stepped down from royal duties due to his relationship with convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. In her lawsuit, Ms Giuffre accused Andrew of sexual abuse, saying the duke had sex with her when she was 17 and had been trafficked by his friend, the late Mr Epstein. Although the parties settled the case in February, the out-of-court agreement was not an admission of guilt from the duke, who has always strenuously denied the allegations against him.