Ex-England rugby captain Mike Tindall, 43, who tied the knot with Princess Anne's 41-year-old daughter Zara in 2011, could feature alongside another leading member of the Royal Family in the upcoming series of Strictly Come Dancing. The Queen's granddaughter Lady Louise Windsor, 18, is also thought to be on the top of the BBC's wish list. A source told the Sun: "The team are doing all they can. In the year of the Platinum Jubilee, it has been a real priority. "It would be an incredible coup to secure a royal." Mr Tindall, who was seated directly behind the Cambridges at the Platinum Jubilee pageant at Buckingham Palace, has reportedly been in the producers’ sights for a long time. However, Lady Louise has only been considered for a place since she moved fully into the public eye during the four-day festivities earlier this month. JUST IN: 'Fearless' Mia Tindall goes crazy for ABBA music as Mike's daughter shows off dance moves The Duke of Kent's 26-year-old granddaughter Lady Amelia Windsor is also being considered, according to MailOnline. Claudia Winkleman's half sister Sophie, who played 'Big Suze' in hit British sitcom Peep Show and married Lord Frederick Windsor in 2009, has also been identified as a potential contestant. Prince Charles, 73, and his wife Camilla, 74, have also opened the door to Strictly making a royal visit to Buckingham Palace. Reports have also suggested the royals are in secret talks with BBC bosses and even that Queen Elizabeth II, 96, has given her blessing for Buckingham Palace to host 'Strictly'.  In a statement to the Mirror, representatives at Clarence House "declined to comment" on the rumours but admitted the Prince of Wales and his wife "love Strictly". A source also told the Sun that the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall are "very much driving" the BBC's charge to bring the show to the Firm's chief London residence. They also claimed "the BBC couldn't quite believe what was being offered". The potential showing at Buckingham Palace has been described as "TV dreamland". DON'T MISS: Eugenie causes royal stir after CROPPING OUT Duchess from Jubilee pic [REVEAL] 'Uneasy' Prince Harry told to put on 'happy face' like Meghan Markle [INSIGHT] Sussexes' wedding baker posts sweet photo of 'Lilibet's birthday cake' [PICTURES] Despite speculation about Strictly coming to Buckingham Palace, another insider claimed more needs to be done. The source told the Sun "a lot of work needs to be done to get it over the line".