Princess Eugenie, 32, stepped out in London beside her older sister Beatrice in a bright orange Emilia Wickstead dress. But what was the hidden message behind her outfit colour? The Instagram page Royal Fashion Police posted a theory that Eugenie could have worn orange to honour National Gun Violence Awareness Day.  The National Gun Violence Awareness Day usually takes place on June 2, which coincided with Wear Orange Weekend. The dates for the weekend were June 3 to June 5, which could have explained why Eugenie wore orange to St Paul’s on Friday. The website says as follows: “In the wake of multiple tragedies, the fight to end gun violence has never been more urgent. “During National Gun Violence Awareness Day and Wear Orange Weekend, we join together to demand a future free from gun violence once and for all.” Tragically there have been over 200 mass shootings in America so far in 2022, including one in Robb Elementary School in Uvalde, Texas on May 24, killing 19 students and two teachers. Princess Eugenie wowed when she stepped out wearing a bright orange dress to St Paul’s Cathedral. This dress was designed by Emilia Wickstead, one of Kate Middleton's favourite designers. For the occasion, Eugenie chose the Amila wool-crepe dress.   This costs a whopping £1,630 and looked amazing on Eugenie. The description on the website says: “The Amilia midi dress from Emilia Wickstead is made from a wool crêpe that compliments the fit and flare silhouette. “It has a high neck with a nipped waist and a dropped back panel.” She accessorised with a £1,225 Yves Saint Laurent mini Cassandre bag.  The black sturdy bag was the perfect complement to Eugenie’s bright orange outfit. Eugenie also chose a pair of Emilia Wickstead Carey satin slingback pumps for £515. The description on the website reads: “Emilia Wickstead’s black Carey pumps convey unstudied elegance, Italian-crafted from lustrous satin to a pointed toe with a slingback strap and slim stiletto heel.” The Princess also wore an Emily-London Headwear ‘Ophelia’ pillbox hat, which appeared to be a new purchase for Eugenie.  The fascinator cost £525, and was a simple headband with a “Peachbloom felt, and finished with sculptural flourish.” The website also says: “The pillbox sits at an angle, held in place by a concealed headband, and promises to enliven modern bridal-wear and occasion dresses alike.” The black fascinator, black shoes and the black handbag all perfectly matched Eugenie’s bright orange dress. Instagram user @debbielrobinson said: “Very striking dress, great job!” Another account, @notmynan added: “Fits her well. Black and orange is a good combination.” 