More than 40,000 RMT members working for Network Rail and 13 train operating companies across Britain plan to strike on June 21, 23 and 25 if the union’s grievances have not been resolved. Former RMT boss Steve Hedley joined GB News on Monday to defend the union members’ right to strike but clashed with Isabel Webster who slammed the impact industrial action will have on commuters. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps has revealed the Government plans to introduce legislation to allow companies to hire agency staff to fill in for strike workers. Steve told GB News viewers workers deserved a pay rise in line with inflation as he cited the profits of rail companies. However, Isabel argued: “A lot of people listening to this will think, 'My job is under threat or I’m also facing a squeeze with the cost of living, I’ve got lots of problems myself but you’re holding me to ransom by holding these strikes'. “Children that haven’t been able to go to school for exams won’t be able to take their GCSEs because they can’t use the rail network. Read more: Ruth Langsford gives Eamonn Holmes health update after hospital dash   “What about millions of people being disrupted by this? “Not once, not twice but three times in one week. “It’s not just about red meat to the Government, this is in line with public opinion, people don’t want this.” Steve fumed: “Public opinion from people you meet, public opinion from working-class people.”    Isabel attempted to interrupt but the union member hit back: “Hold on, I didn’t interrupt you. Let me answer!” He continued: “People like nurses that haven’t had a decent pay rise that have had a real-terms pay cut, people like the janitors, people like the dustmen all out there are experiencing the same problems we have. “Unfortunately, some of their trade unions aren’t as strong as we are and I would love to be able to go on strike for the nurses and get them a pay rise as well. “You’re talking absolute nonsense, the people who have got the power to avoid this are Grant Shapps and his cabinet," he raged. DON'T MISSEamonn Holmes speaks out on GB News absence months after joining  [INSIGHT]Eamonn Holmes set to undergo surgery as host unable to walk his dog [INTERVIEW]Ex-Tory MP on how backbenchers will decide Boris' fate [VIDEO] “There’s money enough to go to Ukraine, billions of pounds to kill each other in Ukraine, there’s money enough to give the shareholders, billions of pounds a year for sitting at home twiddling their thumbs, there’s money enough to give Tory supporters PPE contracts which they can throw away, £20million on PPE that doesn’t even work but they can’t give the workers that they labelled heroes and got the country clapping for, they can’t give them a pay rise?” “Just to be clear, the war in Europe, the first time since the Second World War, that’s not a priority?” Isabel questioned. The ex-union boss quipped: “That’s not true, there was a war in Serbia, there was a war in Yugoslavia -” “Peace in Europe is not important?” Isabel cut in, interrupting her guest.    “Peace is important but you don’t get peace by sending billions of pounds worth of weapons to people, you get peace by sitting around a table and negotiating settlements,” he hit back. The GB News host remarked: “So you’re confident then if there was a national vote for this there would be public support for this?” “Public support for a rail strike? I think there would be public support to give every worker in Britain a pay rise," Steve replied. “We want to avoid a strike if possible, of course we do. Of course, people don’t want a situation where they’re losing money to keep pace with inflation. Every worker in this country deserves a pay rise and if we had a ballot on that I think we’d win it overwhelmingly.” Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs on GB News on weekdays at 6am.   