Sam Mitchell (played by Kim Medcalf) has been determined to prove her business acumen to brother Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden) ever since she returned to EastEnders earlier this year. However, she soon may look elsewhere for attention as a new theory explores whether a Walford resident could turn her head. In upcoming scenes, Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace) is still at war with Sam over the future of the Mitchell empire. She visits Phil in prison and shares her suggestion for Peggy’s. Back in Walford, things get off to a bad start for Sam as she takes over the club. She fires Vinny Panesar (Shiv Jalota) and hits out when Dotty Cotton (Milly Zero) takes pleasure in Sam’s plan backfiring. Dotty gets her own back but is then fired by the Mitchell daughter as well. Read more: EastEnders theory: Mitch shaken as brother Avery unveils secret When Kat and Sharon Mitchell (Letitia Dean) learn about Vinny and Dotty getting fired, they’re not impressed. The current and former lovers of Phil join forces and get revenge on Sam. At Peggy’s, the businesswoman is startled when Dotty hands her a package. EastEnders fans will have to wait and see whether the shipment contains a dangerous message for Sam. Later, Sam and Kat are terrified when a brick is thrown through the cab office window. Sam visits her brother in prison but it’s not long before Phil realises her true motive for seeing him. Back at Peggy’s, Sharon opens up to her brother Zack Hudson (James Farrar) about the way his girlfriend is treating him. She tells him she understands how much he cares about Nancy Carter (Maddy Hill) but he deserves to be appreciated. However, the chef refuses to listen and storms off. Zack tries to cheer Nancy up by sharing his plan to raise some money for their business. DON'T MISSEastEnders fans furious as Lola Pearce star ‘axed’ from BBC soap [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Kim Fox left heartbroken after Howie moves in  [SPOILER]EastEnders theory: Suki Panesar falls victim to Ash in revenge plot [THEORY] He plans to sell his beloved car but she seems uninterested in the gesture. Zack’s at a loss and fears Nancy doesn’t want to be with him anymore. At the club, Sam angers Sharon by accusing her of having an emotional affair with Phil behind Kat’s back. The stalwart is livid and warns Sam against sharing her theory with Phil. She issues some harsh home truths and tells her she’ll come off worse if Phil hears about her suspicions. Later, Zack and Sam bond over their problems in the club. Although the chef is besotted with Nancy, will Sam seduce Zack as he struggles to see a way forward with the budding business owner? Sam has never let another man’s girlfriend stop her from getting what she wants. The Mitchell daughter is failing to find her feet in Walford and may feel Zack is a kindred spirit. If the pair do embark on an affair will Nancy ever forgive Zack or could their relationship be over for good this time? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.