Hundreds of people had arrived to tackle the fire when multiple shipping containers exploded at the site in Sitakunda, 40km (25 miles) from the port city of Chittagong, on Saturday night. The explosions shook the neighbourhood and shattered windowpanes of nearby houses. Many of the injured are reported to be in critical condition and the death toll is expected to rise. One local, lorry driver Tofael Ahmed, told the AFP news agency: "The explosion just threw me some 10 metres from where I was standing. My hands and legs are burnt." Firefighters were still working to put out the fire on Sunday morning, police said. Six firefighters are among those killed and at least 21 firefighters have been injured during the secondary explosions, according to Brig General MD Main Uddin, director-general of Fire Service and Civil Defence. The cause of the fire has not been confirmed, but it is thought it might have originated from a container of hydrogen peroxide and spread quickly to other containers. Shahadat Hossain, the senior government official for Sitakunda, said: "We cannot say anything further right now." According to local media, about 5,000 containers are at the BM Inland Container Depot, which handles goods for export and import. Chittagong civil surgeon Mohammed Elias Hossain has urged all doctors in the district to help tackle the situation and called for emergency blood donations, as hundreds of people are admitted to Chittagong Medical College Hospital. He added: "Many of them are critical. "Some people have 60 to 70 percent burns on their bodies." Mass-death fires have been a recurring problem in Bangladesh. In July, a factory fire in the city of Narayanganj killed at least 51 people. In 2019, a blaze ripped through a 400-year-old area packed with apartments, shops and warehouses in the oldest part of Dhaka, the Bangladeshi capital, and killed at least 67 people. Meanwhile, Saturday's blaze brings back memories of the 2013 Rana Plaza disaster, which saw an eight-storey factory complex in Dhaka collapse with more than 3,100 workers inside. More than 1,100 workers died, drawing attention to poor safety standards in the country's lucrative garment industry. In 2016, 41 people were charged with murder for their suspected roles in the disaster, including the building's owner, Sohel Rana, his parents and factory executives. They were accused of signing off on building standards and forcing employees to work inside the building despite knowing it was not structurally sound. Bangladesh resumed the trial last February after the case was put on hold for more than five years because some defendants tried to appeal the indictment in court. They were accused of signing off on building standards and forcing employees to work inside the eight-story building despite knowing that it was not structurally sound. But the case was put on hold for more than five years because some defendants tried to appeal the indictment in court.