The Metropolitan Police said they were called at 6.10pm to the A127 junction with Front Lane, Upminster following a "road traffic collision" that had seen a car leave the road and hit a gas mains. Officers, along with the London Ambulance Service, London Fire Brigade and London's Air Ambulance rushed to the scene. The driver of the car is currently being treated at the scene, but he has suffered "life-threatening" injuries.   Following the collision, there are "multiple" road closures in place, including Junction 29 of the M25. READ MORE: UK broadband alert! This kitchen appliance is killing your Wi-Fi Local residents have been evacuated from their homes as a "precaution" and motorists have been urged to avoid the area. The Metropolitan Police said: "Police were called at 18:10hrs on Sunday, 26 June to the A127, junction with Front Lane, Upminster, following a road traffic collision. "A car had left the road and collided with a gas mains.    "Officers attended with LAS, LFB and London's Air Ambulance. "The driver of the car is being treated at the scene; his condition is life-threatening. "Due to significant damage to the gas mains, there are multiple road closures in place affecting the A127/Front Lane, Upminster, and M25 Junction 29, following a suspected gas leak. "Residential addresses have been evacuated as a precaution. READ MORE: Rolls-Royce's 'unique' reactors will power one million homes each  "Motorists should avoid the area." Havering Police warned that as a result of the gas leak, road closures are likely for "several hours" The force tweeted: "Please AVOID the A127 junction Front Lane Upminster M25 Junction 29 due to an RTC - car left road & collided with gas mains, causing leak. "Driver treated as life-threatening. Road closures likely for several hours." DON'T MISSBMW caught 'hogging middle lane' of M5 sparks furious debate [COMMENTS]Picture of car 'hogging' middle lane of M5 at 5am sparks online fury [PICTURES]M4 CLOSED as lorry bursts into devastating fireball on busy bridge [REPORT]  The London Fire Brigade said firefighters are "currently dealing with an incident following a road traffic collision on Southend Arterial Road in Romford" after a "vehicle collided with a gas pipe". A man was removed from the vehicle and has been taken to a nearby hospital. Assistant Commissioner Patrick Goulbourne, said: “Due to the nature of the collision, impact to the road network and wider community, the Brigade has declared a major incident and is working with partners to make the scene safe as quickly as possible. “There are road closures in place which are causing severe congestion. Please avoid the area.”