New research from Halfords has revealed that three quarters of drivers only get their vehicle checked every seven months or less, which can leave vehicles prone to issues. Experts advise that the general condition of the battery should be tested at least twice a year. They also urge drivers to check their tyres monthly to lower the chances of being in an accident on the road. Around 15 percent of car breakdowns are due to a flat or faulty battery. The research has also shown that one in 10 motorists have had a delay to their car journey previously because they have broken down. Just over half admitted to having previously waited over an hour because of a car breakdown. READ MORE: TAX THEM! Electric cars cause 'more pollution' than petrol and diesel Anthony Caie, Motoring Services Director, at Halfords, comments: “With many of us set to hit the roads over the long Jubilee Bank Holiday weekend, we want to make sure that people get to their destinations without a hitch, so that they can spend time with their loved ones. “Which is why Halfords is encouraging motorists to get their car checked so that it is in tip top condition for any journey ahead.” Drivers are also being warned of potential fines they may receive if they use their mobile phone. CarStore are urging drivers to utilise an app like Google Maps or Waze before they set off on their journey to prevent from running into any accidents or delays. DON'T MISSDriver‘s car completely covered in cling film [SHOCKING]Low Emission Zones launching today - Polluting vehicles to be banned [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of staggering fines for not wearing sunglasses [WARNING] Motorists can get six penalty points and a £200 fine if they hold and use a phone, sat nav, tablet, or any device that can send and receive data while driving. Road users may lose their licence if they passed their driving test in the last two years. A further three points are on offer if a driver does not have a full view of the road and traffic ahead or proper control of the vehicle. In some cases, they can be taken to court where they could be banned from driving or riding and receive a maximum fine of £1,000. They also warned of “eye-watering” congestion around the country as holidaymakers head for staycation hotspots such as Cornwall and Devon, the New Forest, and Lake District. Polling suggests 133,000 roads will be closed for street parties, parades, and other events. As millions hit the road, many will also be staying indoors as Halfords are looking for Britain's best garage. The motoring organisation is launching the Halfords Garage of the Year competition for the second consecutive year. The pandemic saw an increase in Britons kitting out their home garage and so Halfords is on the hunt for the cream of the crop. To enter, participants must explain what the use, purpose, and creation of their private garage space is with accompanying images. The lucky winner will receive a cash prize of £5,000,  a Halfords Ultimate Garage Bundle, and a 10-year membership to Halfords Motoring Club, while two runners up will receive a £250 Halfords gift voucher to be spent online and instore. Andy Randall, Chief Operating Officer at Halfords, said: “We can’t wait to see how people have designed their home equivalents and what one gets crowned the Garage of the Year.”