Arsenal have been warned they must sign Gabriel Jesus if they harbour hopes of qualifying for the Champions League for the first time since 2016. Former Gunners midfielder Paul Merson believes the Manchester City ace must spearhead Mikel Arteta’s team and has offered a stinging reality check about Eddie Nkietah. Merson does not think Nketiah can be Arsenal’s starting striker if they want to finish in the top four. That is despite the 22-year-old, who enjoyed an excellent run of form towards the end of the season, signing a new contract. Arteta is desperate to sign a new striker given that Arsenal’s relative lack of goals last term saw north London rivals Tottenham pip them to fourth place. Jesus could be surplus to requirements at Man City following the arrivals of Erling Haaland and Julian Alavarez. Merson has told the Emirates Stadium transfer hierarchy that they must do all they can to sign Jesus, who has a record of scoring goals in big games for the Premier League champions. However, the 25-year-old Brazilian scored just eight times in the top-flight last season - and scored half of those in one game against Watford. Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo swoop planned, Eriksen's Man Utd stance “Arsenal must get Gabriel Jesus if they are serious about getting back into the top four. They have got to get him. It's that simple. Everything goes out of the window if they don't. It doesn't matter what else they do,” Merson wrote in his Daily Star column. “All they've got right now up front is Eddie Nketiah. And no disrespect but Nketiah won't get you into the top four. Absolutely no chance. That's a fact. So they need Jesus. They don't need young players with potential like Fabio Vieira. They need experience. And Jesus has plenty of that. “If they don't get him they are sitting there with one centre forward, and let's be honest if not for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alex Lacazette's contract situations, he wouldn't be there. DON'T MISS...Arsenal icon names reason why Jesus would pick Gunners over ChelseaMan Utd have 'concerns' over Ajax star also targeted by ArsenalArsenal 'aware' of Youri Tielemans transfer risk “They need to sort the Jesus signing out very quickly. I think he is good enough to transform Arsenal. He doesn't get the credit he deserves. Yes, he does miss chances but he never goes hiding and he’s a centre forward who is desperate to score goals. He has that hunger and a little bit of a selfish streak and you need that.” Academy graduate Nketiah has been rewarded for his 10 goals last season with a lucrative new contract. But Merson has questioned whether the former England U21 captain would get into the starting 11s of clubs lower down the Premier League. He added: “Nketiah can't be spearheading your Champions League push. He's not getting in ahead of Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Richarlison at Everton and they almost got relegated. “He's not getting in at Fulham ahead of Aleksandr Mitrovic and they've only just been promoted. I'm not having a go at him but he's not getting you top four.” Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 