I said exactly that to RMT boss Mick Lynch on national television this week and was immediately attacked by him for it. This Marxist dinosaur snarled: "You used to be on the side of working people." I pointed out that I still AM because it's working people who will be hurt by this strike. It will stop them from getting to work. It will put their jobs in danger. It's them who will be the hardest hit by this strike as it will cause food shortages, blackouts and petrol shortages. But his response was simply: "That's regrettable." Regrettable? Seriously? I tell this militant throwback on nearly £125,000 a year that people who can't afford to eat, pay their bills, heat their homes - all of which will be made worse by these strikes - will be hardest hit and he calls it "regrettable"? But it's not surprising Lynch doesn't feel sympathy for workers seeing as he's so far removed from them in his £950,000 house. As general secretary of the RMT he's the highest paid official on a package of £124,886 a year which puts him among the country's top earners. And since 2015 Lynch has earned £763,000 in salary and benefits. So while his workers will lose muchneeded pay on this month's threeday strike Lynch - even if he gives up three days money - won't be touched by it. I'm sick to the back teeth of selfrighteous, snout-in-the-trough union bosses lecturing us all about hardship while living the high life on fat pay packets and expenses. Danielle Boxall, media campaign manager of the TaxPayers' Alliance, says: "These red barons are dooming commuters to misery but are sitting comfortably as some of Britain's biggest earners in taxpayer-backed unions." And she's right. Dinosaurs like Lynch are forever shouting about workers' rights when all they really care about is personal power and bringing down a Tory Government. Yet on the Jeremy Vine Show this week, in his sharp blue suit, Lynch droned on about how he and his members had been treated appallingly. How his workers have struggled and deserve a pay rise. Well, let me tell you about those badly treated workers. An average RMT worker gets £46,000 a year. Basic pay for a train driver is £54,000 although some earn as much as £70,000. Added to all that they can retire at 62 with a payoff and a generous pension. Compare all that to nurses' salaries (average pay £31,000) a copper's (average pay £41,000) and supermarket workers (average pay £31,000). So please, no more about hard-done-by RMT workers. And if you're wondering why Starmer is refusing to condemn these strikes, well maybe it's because the RMT, under Lynch, is still doling out tens of thousands of pounds to individual Labour MPs including six members of the Labour leader's front bench. Starmer is the man who talks incessantly about integrity, decency - condemning Boris all three. Well, maybe it's time he looked in the mirror. He needs to ask himself whether the money his party and his MPs get from the unions is more important than the millions whose lives will be devastated by these strikes, those people he says he'd take care of if he was PM. Is he afraid the funds will dry up if he faces down the unions? Of course he won't - because not only is he scared of them, he needs them to prop up his leadership. Lynch once said: "All I want in life is a bit of socialism." Yes, champagne socialism, practised by those who live in expensive houses, earn shedloads of money, are ferried everywhere in taxis and posh cars yet feign sympathy with "the workers" because it justifies their gilded existence. Because that's the big hypocrisy here. Mick Lynch is a man who spends his life slagging off the rich - when actually he's one of them! I don't know about you but I had the best Platinum Jubilee. I went to two parties, I danced in the pouring rain, I kissed total strangers, I ate Jubilee cakes, I drank (too much) Jubilee champagne, I toasted the Queen so many times I lost count. The whole spectacle was beyond amazing (hats off to all those people who spent the last 18 months making it all so magical). I cheered when the flypast came over our house, I laughed uproariously when Diana Ross came on stage at the concert (she looked like she was being wheeled on) in a giant black and white meringue dress. She can't sing that well anymore. Neither can Rod Stewart but none of it mattered. It was a fabulous weekend that will live on in our hearts, mostly because it's the last time we'll get to celebrate our Queen in that gloriously extravagant, over-the-top, British way. But I have to stop toasting Her Maj now. I'm not sure my liver can take much more. Maybe the plan is that if Boris's enemies keep telling the electorate he's a liability who's going to lose the next election, it'll be a self-fulfilling prophecy. Never mind if it's true. Never mind about the traitors currently trying to oust him - destabilising the country in the process - even though he won a confidence vote fair and square. No, just like in those Brexit debates a few years back, we now have a bunch of arrogant (many of them Remainer) MPs who think they know what's best for us - better than we do. It's just like the bad old days in 2018/19 when Remain MPs kept telling us they respected the will of the British people and the referendum outcome yet proceeded to do everything in their power to overturn t th it. Now many of those MPs see that the man who Got Brexit Done is on the ropes and finally see a way to scupper it and crawl back to the EU begging to be let back in. As Labour peer Andrew Adonis said this week: "If Boris goes Brexit goes." Keir Starmer said he too would come to a new arrangement with the EU and Tory MP Tobias Ellwood is saying we should go back into the Single Market. So, slowly, slowly it's happening. All those embittered Remainers who've never been able to accept that we've left the EU have bided their time and now see a way back if they destroy Boris. So be careful what you wish for, folks. If getting shot of Boris means us going back into the EU - would you want it? Emma Raducanu had to pull out of the Nottingham Open this week and now it's not certain whether she'll be match-fit for Wimbledon. It adds to a disappointing year for the 19-year-old who's crashed or pulled out of tournaments and lost ten of her 18 matches so far. She's also likely to slip out of the Top 100 in the WTA rankings this year. I'm wondering if Raducanu spent less time gracing the covers of magazines and making multimillions from companies like Tiffany and more time on her tennis, her game might be a bit better. When asked about her modelling activities recently Emma, whose victory at the U.S Open last year stunned the world, said there was more to life than tennis. Doesn't she get the fact that the modelling and multi-million sponsorship deals are only available to her if she plays stunning tennis? It would be a tragedy if Raducanu's career fizzles out because too much fame and money came her way too soon. Having watched Jeremy Hunt stab Boris in the back this week, saying he should be booted out, TV commentator Bev Turner posted her own story about the man they call Theresa May in Trousers. Bev says she met Hunt at a Tory fundraiser on the same day she'd written a piece about childcare issues. She says his solution to her problem was: "Move out here to the country. You can get a big house, move in a nanny, maybe her husband too for gardening, driving and stuff. And you pay them virtually nothing because you give them lodgings. It's the perfect solution." Now that's the kind of contemptuous, snotty elitist who thinks Boris is a disgrace and that he's the man to replace him! I'm thrilled to hear Kelly Brook is getting married to her beau, Jeremy Parisi. I once saw Kelly in a restaurant in Wimbledon village having breakfast and even without make-up she was stunning but she's always seemed to have bad luck with boyfriends. She's had three broken engagements and various dalliances with handsome rugby players and it was starting to look like she wouldn't get her happy ending. Now she has. Good luck to her!