Queues for the Eurostar, which departs from St Pancras in central London, have snaked around the outside of the building in recent days. On Tuesday, a fault with one of the service's trains led to long delays for passengers heading to Paris and Brussels.   A Eurostar spokesperson said a "technical fault" was to blame for the delays. The Eurostar Twitter then posted just before midday on Wednesday: "Our stations are very busy today. Passport and security checks are taking longer than usual due to technical issues. "Please arrive at the ticket gates at the time shown on your ticket as normal. Thank you for your understanding." But anger at extensive waiting times has continued for travellers taking to social media on Wednesday, with one traveller saying queues were once again stretching outside St Pancras station. Princeton University professor, Shamus Khan, wrote: "The great Jubilee Flee!" "Lines around the block at St Pancras for the Eurostar out of the UK." Another Twitter account, @QuaffableRdg added: "If you thought the travel chaos was limited to airports, think again. "This is the queue this morning out of the station, along the road and round the corner for Eurostar."  READ MORE: Oxford Street emergency: Londoners in rush hour panic Twitter user @AnneCBurchett wrote: "@Eurostar advises passengers should arrive at St Pancras 90-120 min before departure and at Gare du Nord 45-60 min before departure." @BenDunnell added: "St Pancras is a woefully designed station with completely inadequate capacity for Eurostar as soon as it gets mildly busy." @jljphotography complained of "shambles in the departure lounge, check-in, passport control" before commenting that "sadly, it’ll make flying an option if it goes on". @Marilyn_DiCara quipped: "Insane long queues for Eurostar at St Pancras. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Red-tape nightmare as Irish 'floury spud' shortage looms [LIVE] POLL: Will you 'spend to save' by replacing gas boiler with heat pump? [POLL] Sir Keir Starmer urges Brits to celebrate Queen's Platinum Jubilee [REPORT] "Zigzagging the entire length of the station and more. "I hope everyone who wants to get away managed to do so. Bon chance!" This comes as many UK travellers experience lengthy waits, cancelled flights and staff shortages ahead of the Jubilee weekend. On Wednesday, easyJet cancelled at least 40 flights from its London airports, with German travel giant TUI axing hundreds of scheduled departures from Manchester airport.  The Unite union also warned that Ryanair flights from Stanstead airports could face severe disruption. Shadow Transport Secretary, Louise Haigh, said the Government have been "missing in action" over travel chaos in recent weeks. This comes after Transport Secretary Grant Shapps blamed the mayhem on the travel and aviation sectors. Mr Shapps added: “Despite government warnings, operators seriously oversold flights and holidays relative to their capacity to deliver. "This must not happen again and all efforts should be directed at there being no repeat of this over the summer – the first post-Covid summer season."