Sarah (played by Katie Hill) has been suffering quite a bit on Emmerdale lately, with her grandmother Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) supposedly neglecting her but the one person who has helped her through it all has been Faith (Sally Dexter). This is why the news about her impending death shook her to the core and she was equally devastated about the fact her grandfather, Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley), didn't seem to care. The iconic family of the ITV soap are going to have to pull together in the coming months on the ITV soap as they prepare to say goodbye to Faith but will they be mourning the loss of two family members? Friday's episode began with the family at odds with each other over Faith's news, with Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) accused of being a liar for not telling Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) sooner. As they continued to but heads, Sarah was asked to go up to Wishing Well cottage and tell the rest of the family about Faith's cancer. Showing her support, Lydia Dingle (Karen Blick) sat down with the youngster to talk through how she was feeling about everything. "I'm so sorry about Faith, such a shock for all of you," she began, with Sarah replying: "Not for Cain, he seems like he doesn't even care and I hate the way he speaks to her." "Cain is a complicated man," Lydia reminded his granddaughter, who hit back as she added: "Well, that's not good enough." READ MORE: 'What right does she have?' Fergie's support for Prince Andrew slammed "I mean I have lived my whole life with my condition. There is stuff I might not ever be able to do," she continued to explain. Sarah told Lydia: "Like getting married, having a baby. And my mum has screwed up loads of times. Don't even get me started on my gran but I don't use their mistakes to hurt them when I'm upset or angry. "[Faith] left him as a kid, so what? Ok, it might have been awful but Chas got over it so why can't he?" "I'm just so angry at her for not saying anything to me. Nobody gets her like me," the youngster said as the tears began to roll down her cheek. The hints were then dropped that Sarah could be killed off in the coming months as she spoke about her own death to Lydia. Sarah said: "I think about death a lot, you know. I've had to think about how it will happen, where I'll be, who will be with me at the end. "I just never in a million years thought she wouldn't be there. I mean how can she not be? She's more alive than anyone I know." However, maybe Faith could be there for Sarah in the end but this would mean the youngster would have to die before her great-grandmother. With the young woman having so much stress put on her shoulders lately, her heart could start to suffer as a result. Although she had a transplant a few years ago, she has been urged not to do anything which could cause the heart too much distress. DON'T MISS...Charley Webb fears getting into trouble as she teases new role [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock left emotional by Corrie star's declaration [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Leanna flashes taut abs in tiny crop top amid exit [PICTURES] Feeling neglected by Charity and now with Faith's impending exit from the show on the horizon, her heart might not be able to take it. As her great-grandmother nears the end of her life, Sarah could die of a broken heart, leaving her family absolutely devastated. It might not be too long after Sarah has passed away Faith would then die as she goes to join her great-granddaughter. The Dingles would have to unite, regardless of their conflicts, to give their family members the send-off they deserve. Will life ever be the same for the iconic clan as they try to get their heads around two deaths? However, Sarah might have to be the person to bring her grandfather and Faith back together after years of being at each other's throats. The actress who plays Faith, Sally, has said she would like to see her character mend bridges with her son before leaving the show. Sally explained: "It would be dreadful if it didn't, we'd be left on a minor chord, the song wouldn't be finished, it would be terrible. "I couldn't bear that, in fact, I’d refuse to leave until it was resolved... that could be a way of staying on. But it seems the soap star is relieved the secret is now out and her character can spend the rest of her days being honest with her loved ones. Sally told Express.co.uk and other media: "She doesn't know really how long she has got so every minute is precious. "Even when he is being awful to her and there are times where he is being really, really awful, she still wants him to be there, she still wants to be with him. "She loves him unconditionally but she wouldn't half like it if they got back together and were friends again," she added. But will anyone realise the pain Sarah is going through and put plans in place to stop her from getting in so much distress? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.