In a nutshell, inheritance tax is paid at 40 percent on anything you leave over the tax-free allowance of £325,000. You do not pay the tax if the value of your estate is below £325,000 or if you leave your home to a spouse or civil partner when you die, or if you leave everything to a charity. If you don't use the whole allowance, the remaining balance can then be transferred to a surviving spouse or civil partner. However, if you leave your home to another person in your will, it does then count towards the value of your estate. If you own a home, or have a share in it, the tax-free threshold can increase from £325,000 to £500,000 if you leave it to your children. This includes step children, those who are adopted or fostered and grandchildren. It can also increase if your estate is worth less than £2million. In regards to property, one "must know" rule that taxpayers need to know about inheritance tax gifting is the "seven year gift rule". READ MORE: ‘So convincing!’ Britons warned about sinister National Insurance scam phone call This states that you do not pay inheritance tax if you move out of the property and live for a further seven years, as after this time it does not count towards the overall value of your estate. If you continue to live in the property after you have gifted it away, your relatives could be stung with a full 40 percent tax bill with further potential charges on top.If you want to continue living in the property, Gov.com states that the taxpayer will "need to pay rent to the new owner at the going rate for similar local rental properties". You will also need to pay your "share of the bills" or "live there for at least seven years".If you do not follow these rules, it will be classed as a "gift with reservation" and will be added to the value of your estate when you die.  The seven year rule does not apply to gifts with reservation. However, if you die within seven years of giving away all or part of your property, your home will be treated as a gift and the seven year rule will apply. Another key aspect of the seven year rule is the taper relief and comes into play if the benefactor doesn’t live for the full seven years.For the first three years, the tax payable on gifts is at 40 percent, it then slides down to 32 percent for three to four years, 24 percent for four to years, 16 percent for five to six, and eight percent for six to seven. The taper scale supports the notion that it is better to gift sooner rather than later.  Inheritance tax has been in the spotlight over the recent few years as Chancellor Rishi Sunak froze the basic rate at £325,000 until 2026 and has remained at this rate since 2009. In the 2021-22 tax year, HMRC collected a whopping £6.1bn in Inheritance tax which is the highest rate it has ever collected.It was £700million higher than the 2020-21 inheritance tax take. HMRC stated that the reason for the increase was the higher number of wealth transfers taking place in this period. However, other reasons for the increase include skyrocketing house prices and rising inflation which increased to a 40-year high of 9 percent in May.  This has caused more and more taxpayers to be dragged into the inheritance tax brackets. According to statistics by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) in March 2022, the cost of an average UK property sat at £278,000 which was £24,000 higher than the same period the year before. This is only £50,000 short of the basic threshold with the group expecting prices to continue to rise over the coming few months. The group also predicted that by 2026-27, HMRC will collect £7.6bn a year in inheritance tax.