Raphinha is prepared to shun more lucrative contract offers from elsewhere in order to wait for a transfer to Barcelona. That is according to Spanish outlet Mundo Deportivo, who claim Arsenal, Chelsea and Liverpool have all expressed an interest in the Brazil international. Raphinha made an immediate impact in the Premier League after signing for Leeds United in October 2020 in a £17million deal. The former Rennes star has registered 17 goals and 11 assists for the Whites, but looks set to leave Elland Road this summer. Barcelona have long been considered the favourites for a summer move for Raphinha, with recent reports suggesting a five-year deal has been agreed upon since February. However, the Catalan giants' financial woes has consistently cast doubt over whether a fee can be struck with Leeds in this window. Raphinha has two years left on his contract, but a cut-price exit is no longer on the cards after Jesse Marsch's side avoided relegation on the final day of the season. The winger could have been available for a reported £25m, but victory at Brentford last month guaranteed the Whites' top-flight status. JUST IN: Arsenal could make four more signings after completing £34m Fabio Vieira transfer  Survival means Leeds are now said to have placed a £47m price tag on Raphinha which is so far proving problematic. The Premier League side reportedly have no intention of lowering their demands, putting the onus on Barcelona to either make the required offer or move on to other targets. This impasse has opened the door for Arsenal, Chelsea and Liverpool to all enter the race for Raphinha's signature. The Gunners are keen for attacking reinforcements in this window, with Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus tipped to sign. READ MORE PSG join transfer battle for Kalvin Phillips as 'enquiries' made for Man City target Leeds United's Raphinha 'open to everything' as Arsenal show interest in £47m winger Leeds could make four more signings once Victor Orta completes £10m Marc Roca transfer    The report from Mundo Deportivo outlines that Chelsea have identified Raphinha as a possible alternative to Ousmane Dembele. The France international is out of contract at the Nou Camp, and reports suggest Thomas Tuchel is keen to sign the 25-year-old as a replacement for Romelu Lukaku. Liverpool have also been linked with a move for the Leeds winger, despite the arrival of Darwin Nunez in a potential club-record deal. Sadio Mane is set to join Bayern Munich, and Jurgen Klopp is said to be mulling over a move for another attacker. READ MORE: Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp reacts to 'exciting' £6.5m Calvin Ramsay signing  However, despite these Premier League approaches, the report claims Raphinha is holding out for a La Liga move this summer. He is prepared to turn down more lucrative contract offers in favour of a switch to Barcelona. Raphinha is not expected to sign a contract extension at Elland Road, and could be one of two significant departures this summer. Kalvin Phillips is also attracting attention from elsewhere, with Manchester City said to be preparing an offer this summer. The central midfielder has two years left on his contract, and has not outlined his intention to leave his boyhood club. However, Phillips' standout displays at Euro 2020 has led to talks of 'Big Six' move. 