The vechicle overturned on Seven Sisters Road at the junction with Holloway Road in Islington, north London.  Emergency services were called about 7.15am this morning. The man was pronounced dead at the scene. Witnesses said the car hit the kerb before turning onto its side.  Fire crews had to cut the man from his car, according to witnesses.Street sweeper Emmanuel Kessi claimed the motorist was suffering a heart attack at the time of the crash. He told the Islington Tribune: “The guy in the car had a heart attack so from the instant he had a heart attack the car just went over here and hit the curb. "He wasn’t able to get out because he was stuck inside. Three minutes after the fire brigade and ambulance and police cut him out and when they got him out he was just lying there literally since 6.50 he’s been lying in the street about half an hour ago they put the tent over him. "That’s what the police said [it was a heart attack]. It’s a 20mph turn, it’s not possible to just speed for no reason.” He called for road safety to be improved on the "dangerous" junction, which has seen three road traffic incidents within six months. Mr Kessi added: “There needs to be something – this is not the first time this has happened, it’s happened countless times. The junction is dangerous.” The road towards Finsbury Park was closed off for four hours. The area was cordoned off at the time. Police are now appealing for witnesses.  A Metropolitan Police spokesperson said: "Police were called shortly after 7am on Friday, June 10 to reports of an overturned vehicle on Seven Sisters Road at the junction with Holloway Road. "Emergency services attended. Despite the efforts of paramedics and London' Air Ambulance, the male driver died at the scene. At this early stage, it is believed the car collided with a lamppost." Drivers have been advised to prepare for traffic or avoid the area as police closed two of the three lanes on Seven Sisters Road. The road is partially blocked as one lane remains shuts while officers respond to the incident. Witnesses are urged to contact police on 101 quoting 1122/10JUN. 