A Russian pundit has challenged a recent report by the World Bank which predicts that Russia’s economy will contract by an astounding 8.9 percent in 2022. The economic downturn, highlighted by the report, will turn global and hit the poorer countries harder due to the combined effects of Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine and the coronavirus pandemic. As the World Bank suggests, Putin's attempt to conquer Ukraine could backfire on his country’s economy. But a Russian pundit outright dismissed the forecast on Russia-state television, saying on the Russian State TV Channel Russia1: "The main thing is that economic growth in Russia is both possible and continuing. We have been literally engulfed in recent months by forecasts of how the Russian economy would no longer grow, that it would shrink. "That, in 2022, GDP would even fall by 10 percent, that unemployment would be terrible since foreign investors are leaving Russia. None of that is coming to be or being confirmed." The Russian TV presenter then jumped in, challenging him: "Well, certain sectors are nonetheless experiencing a downturn." The Russian pundit then explained: "Stress is being experienced by certain sectors. That’s true. Of course, that stress is primarily driven by political events. But we can’t say that the Russian economy is falling apart or losing the ability to grow."  "It will grow. To all appearances, our DGP will grow this year. It will be significant. Last year’s GDP growth almost reached 4.5 percent. "If GDP grows by 3.5 percent this year, considering the difficult situation and great pressures and attempts to prevent the Russian economy from growing, well, that wouldn’t be bad. But it might even grow more." Russia’s economy could take a hit as the World Bank’s report cites a "sharp fall in domestic demand and declining exports." The UK alongside the European Union and the United States have been imposing economic sanctions on Russia and cutting off energy imports from Russia in a bid to stop financing Putin’s war machine in Ukraine. READ MORE: Nuclear war no longer off the table as Putin normalises apocalypse And the impact on exports is already felt in Russia. According to the freight exchange, freight exchanges have fallen by an estimated 30-40 percent since late February when Putin unilaterally launched the invasion of Ukraine. The Saint-Petersburg port has seen its traffic slump by almost half, as exports have plummeted. Road transport has also dramatically decreased. According to the Russian news outlet RBC, Russia car industry is almost fully dependent on German imports. DON'T MISS:Putin shoots himself in foot he miscalculates invasion 'Russia going [REPORT]Russian radio station hacked to play anti-war songs [REPORT]Family of captured Brit soldier facing death penalty release statement [REPORT] Freight between Russian regions will soon become unsustainable, RBC reports, with both freight rates falling by 30-40 percent and the spare parts prices surging by 70 percent. The main reason for the drop in freight transportation is the EU’s ban on Russian trucks, RBC says. The World Bank issued another stark warning for Russians in its report, saying: "Poverty rates below the $5.5 per day threshold is projected to increase from around 2 percent to 20 percent of the population in 2022."