Many pensioners are struggling with their finances amid the rising cost of living. With a limited income, it can be difficult to cover all of the daily costs one will encounter. For this reason, it is vital pensioners check they are getting all the support they are entitled to. One vital form of support is Pension Credit, which is overseen by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). It provides low income Britons with extra money if they are over state pension age, to help with their living costs. But who is eligible for Pension Credit, and how can this be determined? READ MORE: Best places to retire in the UK - areas which boast the top care A simple check is likely to hold the key to Pension Credit eligibility. The Government website states people must live in England, Scotland or Wales and have reached state pension age to qualify. However, there are other factors such as income which could impact eligibility. As such, Britons may benefit from making use of the online Pension Credit calculator. DON'T MISSPensioner alert - take £50k of retirement savings free of tax [ALERT]Sunak’s £21bn rescue package is ‘no magic bullet’ [INSIGHT]Gas boiler ban warning - heat pumps are costly AND noisy [UPDATE] The tool is available via the Government and provides a straightforward answer as to eligibility. All individuals will need to do is input details of their earnings, benefits and pensions, as well as any savings or investments they have. They will also need to provide the same details for their partner if they have one. There are, however, some people who will not be able to use the calculator. This includes those deferring the state pension, people who own more than one property, those who are self-employed, and people with housing costs. These Britons will have to find out about Pension Credit in an alternative way, and this is primarily through the phone. Pensioners who have more than one property, housing costs, or who are self-employed should call the Pension Credit claim line. Those deferring their state pension will need to call the Pension Service helpline to ask about the benefit. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea An application for Pension Credit can be started up to four months before reaching state pension age. Individuals can apply at any time after they reach state pension age, however, it is worth noting the application can only be backdated by three months. The Government has said Pension Credit can be worth over £3,300 annually, which could make a substantial difference to a person’s day to day life. Guy Opperman, Minister for Pensions, said: “We recognise the challenges some pensioners will be facing with the cost of living which is why promoting Pension Credit is a priority. “That’s why we’re calling on everyone with retired family, friends and loved ones to check in with them and see if they can get this extra financial support.”