Roger Federer was surprised by a chance meeting with a fan who had his name tattooed on his arm while dining in a French restaurant. A video of Vinicius Carmona Cardoso showing the Swiss star his tattoo has gone viral, with the 40-year-old delighted to meet his superfan.   Federer has been out of action since undergoing his third knee surgery last season and, ahead of a comeback at the Laver Cup, has been enjoying time with his family. He was recently spotted in Paris during the French Open final and while he didn’t make an appearance at the tennis, he did enjoy some local delights at a Parisian restaurant. While sitting at his table, a fan addressed him in a video that has now been circulated online, saying: “Hey Roger! I have a tattoo of you in my skin. You are my biggest inspiration and I didn’t expect to meet you here. I really do have a tattoo of you.” The fan was then told to show Federer the tattoo, as he approached the 20-time Major champion and presented him with his arm. The ink shows a tennis court above one of the former world No 1’s own quotes, and the fan read it out to him. “That’s a phrase. ‘There is no way around the hard work. Embrace it’,” he said, as Federer responded: “Are you kidding me?” JUST IN: Serena Williams confirms Wimbledon comeback after 12-month injury  The 103-time title winner stood up to shake hands with the man and hugged him. More photos posted to the @carmona_vini Twitter account show the two posing for several photos as well as a screenshot of another video with Federer and his wife Mirka admiring the tattoo in all its glory. “The day I did @rogerfederer tattoo I was sure I would meet him one day and show he was under my skin,” Cardoso wrote alongside the initial video. “Keep dreaming and hardworking, cause dreaming makes us give our best and then everything is possible. Magic comes true. Such a humble guy!” DON'T MISSTennis star Jelena Dokic almost took own life as she opens upEmma Raducanu plea made by Andy Murray ahead of Wimbledon returnHarriet Dart on ending 'toxic relationship' and improving her form  Federer has been out of action since Wimbledon last year, revealing he had suffered a “setback” with his troublesome knee injury and undergoing his third surgery in less than two years. He is now back to training and targeting a comeback at September’s Laver Cup before making his official return to the tour at the Swiss Indoors Basel in October. Despite being set to turn 41 in August, the Swiss star is hoping to return to something of a more regular schedule in 2023 if his return was successful. "Yes, definitely," he told Tages-Anzeiger when asked if he wanted to return to the tour next year. "How and where, I don't know yet. But that would be the idea.” 