Manchester City winger Raheem Sterling has been told that a move to Chelsea “would be perfect” for him amid reports that the England star could leave the Etihad this summer. Sterling has just one year left on his contract and has been linked with the Blues among a host of other Premier League clubs. Sterling may leave Manchester City this summer if he does not sign a new deal, and given Pep Guardiola’s strength in depth in the forward positions he may be prepared to sanction an exit for the 27-year-old. City would ideally not sell Sterling to a Premier League rival, and previous comments have suggested that he would be open to a move abroad, but the Telegraph have claimed that Chelsea are in pole position to land Sterling if he does choose to leave this summer. Former Chelsea defender Scott Minto believes that a move to Stamford Bridge would “be perfect” for the man who scored 13 league goals last season. Minto told talkSPORT: “Raheem Sterling is even more a no-brainer [for Chelsea], I mean my goodness. You kind of think ‘Well where would he go?' He isn’t going back to Liverpool, he isn’t going to go to [Manchester] United. “Next best? Well, United are way down there, but Chelsea would be perfect for him. “Chelsea and Spurs I think would be two good moves for him, but Chelsea still I think they would be able to bridge that gap certainly more than what Spurs could do so I would absolutely go for it.” Real Madrid have also been a rumoured landing spot for Sterling, after they missed out on signing Paris Saint-Germain star Kylian Mbappe earlier in the summer. Despite Minto’s claims, former Manchester City winger Trevor Sinclair believes that Liverpool should push for Sterling this summer even though he ended his Reds career on a sour note with an unsanctioned BBC interview in 2015 claiming that he wouldn’t sign a new contract at Anfield. “I think they would have him, especially with what is going on, [Darwin] Nunez is going there it looks like,” Sinclair said. “Look at the situation with [Mohamed] Salah, the contract agreement has not been put in place, so with Raheem I think Liverpool fans would have him back. “They have seen what he has won at Manchester City and how he has conducted himself. Obviously not the greatest way to leave the football club and there was a lot of animosity between the football club’s fans and Raheem. “Whether Raheem would go back there, he might be a little bit scarred by the way he was treated when he left. For me, he is a world-class player but for whatever reason Pep doesn’t hold him in that high regard where potentially he will let him go.”