Retired Vice Admiral Sir Tim attended Founder's Day on Thursday, the highlight in the Royal Hospital Chelsea's calendar and an event regularly attended by members of the Royal Family. The former Navy officer stepped in for his wife Princess Anne, as he explained himself to the attendees. In a rare public speech, Sir Tim resorted to a football metaphor as he joked about trying his best to fill in his wife's shoes. He said: "Asking me to stand in for my wife at an event like this is a bit like asking Mrs Harry Kane to lead the England football team out. "Or, possibly, to take a penalty for England as her husband did the night before last. "I don't know Mrs Kane, and for all I know she may well have a very strong right foot, but in any case I'm sure she'd do her best, and so will I." Sir Tim went on to suggest he is rather a big fan of the England captain as he confessed he supports Spurs. He said: "By the way, she and I do have one thing in common, we are both supporters of Tottenham Hotspur Football Club. "I know that's a rather dangerous thing to say down here in Chelsea, so I may need an escort when I'm leaving." This speech was appreciated not just by attendees at the pivotal event but also by royal watchers online. READ MORE: Kate blows a kiss for cheeky Prince Louis after his Jubilee antics Royal expert Victoria Arbiter commented on the video on Twitter saying: "A dry and very witty open from Mr Princess Anne AKA Vice Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence... What a great sense of humour he has." Other Twitter users noted Sir Tim shares his dry wit with his wife. Tori wrote: "Great sense of humour just like Princess Anne". Royal fan Lynne Eden added: "I like him even more now". And Val Hunt, noting how rare this speech by the former Navy officer was, tweeted: "That was fabulous & so funny & relevant, I've never heard him speak before, he is one of the stalwarts behind the Crown." Founder's Day has been taking place almost every year since the Royal Hospital opened in 1692 and is normally held on a date close to May 29, which is both the birthday of King Charles II and the date of his restoration as monarch in 1660. While Princess Anne was not in attendance at this event, she carried out two engagements yesterday, according to the Court Circular - the royal diary pencilling in all the official duties by working royals. In the afternoon, she attended a reception at Kensington Palace for Save the Children, of which she has been patron and supporter for decades. In the evening, she attended a Royal Society Club Dinner as one of its fellows. While Sir Tim has rarely stepped in for his wife and carried out solo royal duties, he has been supporting her in her work for years. Most recently, in April he travelled with her to Australia and Papua New Guinea as part of the Firm's Jubilee tours. Sir Tim's invaluable support for his wife has been awarded during the Platinum Jubilee. In early May, Buckingham Palace announced the Queen had taken the difficult decision to only invite working members of the Firm to watch the RAF flypast with her on the balcony of Buckingham Palace on June 2, the first day of the Jubilee celebrations. However, exceptions were made for the children of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Earl and Countess of Wessex. Moreover, Sir Tim was also on the balcony, as a sign of the Queen's appreciation of his job. A source said shortly after the release of the Palace statement: "The Queen is happy [for him] to attend as a frequent attendee and support to the Princess Royal on official engagements."