He spoke out as patron ­of military charity Help ­­for Heroes as a campaign was launched aimed at improving the ­portrayal of veterans. Research for the charity showed the public wrongly believe ex-servicemen and women can never be successful or happy. Ross – who played, famously volatile Falklands veteran Grant Mitchell in the soap – said not all ex-soldiers are unstable. He added: “What you see on screen is only one tiny element of what illnesses like PTSD can look like, and not all veterans have mental health issues. “I had no idea, until I talked to veterans who have mental health conditions, just how damaging the on-screen stereotypes are to them.” The charity’s YouGov ­survey showed negative words are used to describe ex-Armed Services personnel suffering from post traumatic stress disorder. Nearly two-thirds of people would use “burnt out”, 35 percent “unbalanced” while a third would say “a danger to themselves and others”. But 87 percent of veterans who responded to a Help for Heroes survey said inaccurate portrayals on screen had a negative impact on them and that the public think those with mental health issues will do something dangerous. One said: “Veterans are portrayed as mad, dangerous losers with nothing to live ­for or to offer society, which ­­is disgusting – ­­99 percent of veterans are peaceful people”. They want TV and media to send clear messages that ­characters ­are fictional. Kev Gray, 51, an ex-Army gunner with PTSD, said: “When you can’t get a job, or your holiday insurance shoots up by £500 when you say you have had a mental illness, it’s just not fair. If TV and film only show us as damaged goods, nothing will change.” Jay Saunders, 53, a former Royal Navy lieutenant commander with PTSD, said it was often “lazy stereotyping”, adding: “My PTSD came from humanitarian aid. I was not even armed (on deployment in Sierra Leone).But the label is ‘You’re military, therefore you’ve killed, and when you flashback, you’re gonna kill again’.” Trevor Cowell, 39, who served nearly two ­decades, said: “All you want is for ­people to see you in a positive light. You still feel you’re representing your ­cap badge.”