Her Majesty was moved by her extended bank holiday celebrations for the Platinum Jubilee which saw a whole weekend of festivities around the country. A body language expert has said the Queen was seconds away from bursting into tears as she waves at her dedicated fans during the celebrations.  Thousands of Brits travelled from all across the country to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee in London, with the Queen believed to have used “all her power” to stop herself from crying during the emotional moment. The 96-year-old monarch was seen dazzling in green as she surrounded herself with close family including Prince Charles, Camilla and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge as she celebrated her 70 years on the throne. She was seen “narrowing” her eyes and “sucked her lips” to avoid becoming upset in front of the nation, according to expert Judi James. Ms James told the Daily Mail: “Forget some of the rare occasions when the Queen has been judged to be crying in the past, they have often involved nothing more than moist eyes which can be prompted by the cold weather or even age.  “This balcony appearance produced more congruent signs that she might have been struggling not to be overcome by tears. “Her eyes narrowed, with a lifting of the under-eye and she sucked her lips in to suggest she was using all her will power to avoid breaking down in public for the first time in her life.” Thousands of Brits were seen lining up along Buckingham Palace to celebrate over the weekend, with a full weekend of events lined up. The royal celebrations to honour the UK’s longest serving monarch continued even after she announced she was unable to attend the whole ceremony.  READ MORE: Harry faced 'painful 19 minutes' as 'reality of new life sinks in' It comes after an emotional year for the Queen, with her former royal butler Grant Harrold saying if she could have had one wish, it would be that Prince Philip was with her for the celebrations. Prince Philip sadly passed away last April after a bout of poor health sent him into hospital. The Queen has also sparked health fears after she cancelled her appearance at a number of events over the Jubilee weekend. Her Majesty, 96, missed out on the events after experiencing “discomfort” during the Trooping The Colour ceremony.  DON'T MISS:Take THAT Sturgeon: Huge crowds wave Union flags in Scotland for Queen [PICTURES]Fury over tube strikes as HUGE paypacket revealed [INSIGHT]POLL: Should EU be ashamed for ignoring Queen's Jubilee? [POLL] She released a statement saying: “While I may not have attended every event in person, my heart has been with you all; and I remain committed to serving you to the best of my ability, supported by my family. “I thank you sincerely for your good wishes and for the part you have all played in these happy celebrations.” 