The Platinum Jubilee weekend is set to provide billions to boost the UK economy as the nation comes together to celebrate the 70-year reign of Queen Elizabeth II. Republican groups have previously suggested the celebrations over the bank holiday will further damage the economy as businesses close and taxpayers fund core elements of the event. However, finance expert Jasmine Birtles suggested the Platinum Jubilee ceremonies will support economic growth by encouraging tourism and hospitality spending. Speaking to GB News, Ms Birtles said: “If you are spending millions and you are getting billions back, I do agree and I do think you get billions, yes, it probably is worth it." Ms Birtles, founder of the financial advice website MoneyMagpie suggested republican groups had attempted to stain the Jubilee weekend by claiming the cost of the Royal Family to the UK had been an estimated £345 billion. Commenting on the data used by critics of the monarchy, Ms Birtles said: “I’m not sure how they worked that out.” She added: “Whether you think it is worth it culturally is a whole other thing. “When it comes to the business, the brand, it does do well for GB limited, frankly.” Business editor for GB News Liam Halligan said: “If you got rid of the Royal Family it would almost be a sort of financial vandalism wouldn't it?” Ms Birtles replied: “It kind of would.” She added: “I’ve heard from American friends, and of course they adore and can’t get enough of the Royals, they said that without the Royal Family there wouldn’t be so much of a reason to come to Britain. “Britain wouldn’t be so much on the map.” Read more: Putin MOCKS Queen's Jubilee celebrations as 'opulent' The financial expert suggested the UK does not want to see funding cut for the Royal Family but instead suggested improving clarity on royal expenditure would reassure the nation. Ms Birtle said: “I think what I would like to see and what a few people would like to see, is more transparency about where this money is going. “I think we would like to know if this particular royal is getting X amount and a lot of people wouldn't like that particular royal, whereas everybody loves the queen, everybody thinks she should have as much as possible.” She added: “It would be good to know exactly where that money is going, although I think it is worth it, we as the tax-payers need to know more about exactly where that money is going so that we can have a say in it.” Don't miss:Charles snubbed as expert claims William’s silver Jubilee to be next [REVEAL]Harry and Meghan's privacy demands questioned after rolling window [ANALYSIS]Tom Jones gushes over 'magnificent' and 'inspiring' Queen [INSIGHT] In the 2021 budget, Rishi Sunak announced £28 million would be provided to fund the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Despite the millions spent to facilitate the bank holiday celebrations, a report from hospitality platform Seven Rooms suggests the industry will benefit from an additional £1.5 billion in customer spending over the Jubilee period. Moreover, analysis from VoucherCodes suggests an estimated £600 million will be spent by the population on decorations for Jubilee celebrations, including street parties and other local events. Overall, VoucherCodes claimed the economy could benefit form a boost of up to £6.37 billion produced by Platinum Jubilee spending and tourism. 