Garden furniture is a must in the summer and can be a great investment. Whether it is rattan, wood or metal, garden furniture should last for years. However, even when garden furniture does last, it can often start to look dirty and weathered after spending an entire season outside. Now, experts at Luxury Rattan and metals4U have shared their advice for making outdoor furniture look as good as new. The cleaning experts shared how to make garden furniture look clean using affordable household products. Outdoor rattan furniture is a fashionable option for gardens that is both sturdy and neutral. Rattan furniture is actually really simple to clean with any dirt or debris build-up easily being removed with a vacuum or hard brush. READ MORE: Cleaning: I used a 13p fruit to remove limescale from my kettle Laura Schwarze, head of Luxury Rattan said homeowners can use a toothbrush to loosen any dirt trapped in the weave of the rattan and then vacuum it up. She continued: “When it comes to washing your rattan furniture it’s important to be gentle and avoid any harsh cleaners or chemicals. “For the best spot clean, fill a bowl with warm soapy water using some washing up liquid and wipe down your furniture gently with a soft cloth. “Once you have cleaned your furniture make sure you check the feet of your chairs and tables and replace them with new pads if they are scratched or damaged to bring them back to life and improve their longevity.” DON'T MISS‘Effective’ ways to get rid of mice in homes with natural scents [INSIGHT]Cleaning: ‘Great way’ to banish flies from homes - works ‘instantly’ [UPDATE]‘Critical to-do’ gardening task to grow ‘oversized’ peony blooms [ANALYSIS] Patio furniture sets, fire pits and barbecues are often made from steel which can begin to rust after being outdoors for long periods. Rain mixed with periods of hot, dry weather can allow rust to thrive. Managing director, Paul McFadyen at metals4U shared how to clean rust off metal. He suggested using a cheap, household item that can be found in most homes - white vinegar. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea He said: “Rust is generally a tough type of corrosion to clean from metal surfaces, and therefore must be treated with the right care as to not damage your furniture. “The best way to remove rust If you have already spotted it on your furniture is simple. “Simply pour white vinegar evenly over the surface of the furniture and give it some time to settle. An hour should be enough. “Once you have done this just wipe away with a cloth wearing gloves and repeat again if necessary.” Classic wooden furniture might not look its best but there is a way to make it look like new again. Laura suggested using a soft cloth and olive oil to “reduce cracking” and “add shine” to the wood.  Alternatively, Laura said gardeners could give their wooden furniture a new lick of paint. She said: “To make the process of painting natural rattan as easy as possible it’s best to use spray paint. “Before you start, make sure that your furniture is clean and dry and that you have prepared a well ventilated area to spray paint on. Don’t forget goggles and a face mask too! “You will need to start by adding a coat of primer to the rattan before the spray paint and allow it to completely dry. “Depending on the paint colour you may need to add several thin coats but again make sure to allow the paint to dry completely before adding a layer of top coat to seal.”