With fears abounding over the rising cost of living, critics have questioned the scale of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, which were brought to an end on Sunday with the Queen and her closest family appearing on Buckingham Palace’s balcony to thank ginormous crowds of supportive Britons. Russian state television joined in on this theme, describing the celebrations as “opulent”. A Channel One Russia correspondent, reporting from London, last week suggested the purpose of the Jubilee was only to “deflect from domestic problems like Downing Street parties during lockdown and a general decline in living standards”. In the wake of questioning over funding and purpose, pro-monarchists doubled down on their support, insisting the pros were larger than the cons. Writer Bella Wallersteiner argued in a post on Twitter: “The cost to the public of the Royal family is about £1.50 per year per person. “For that, we get non-political ambassadors and trade facilitators, and a tradition that attracts millions of tourists.” This, she added, meant the institution was “worth every penny”. The precise cost of the Jubilee itself remains to be established, though £28million of taxpayers’ money was set aside in the 2021 Budget. This equates to around £1 per household. The sum could cover the cost of running the NHS for just two hours, according to the Times. READ MORE: Andrew Neil slams 'woke zealots' as nation celebrates Queen's Jubilee Five hundred Jubilees would be required in order to pay for the newly-opened Elizabeth Line, the paper added. A further £12million was spent by the Department for Education to send every primary child a commemorative book to mark the occasion. But over large-scale events were privately funded, injuring no additional cost to the taxpayer. Yesterday’s Jubilee Pageant, which saw more than 10,000 people, representing a range of ages and professions, parade down The Mall, was funded by The Platinum Jubilee Pageant Ltd. DON'T MISS: Andrew to remain firmly 'off stage' despite settlement [REVEAL] Charles and Camilla's Coronation plans unveiled [REPORT] Meghan and Harry blasted for staying silent on 'dramatic' Camilla coup [OPINION] This, in turn, received its backing through corporate partners, corporate businesses, royal warrant holders and “generous individuals”. The bank holiday itself will incur a cost on the economy, though the impact of this will be dampened by additional spending over the celebrations. Before the Jubilee began, it was estimated that UK retail and hospitality across the country would experience a more-than £6billion boost. The positive impact of this will certainly have been felt, especially following the difficult years experienced by these sectors during lengthy government-imposed lockdowns. Some responded to Ms Wallersteiner’s post suggesting the Royal Family has, in fact, become more political with time, pointing specifically towards Prince Charles and his son, Prince William, and their involvement in the debate over climate change. But the long weekend of celebrations appeared to remind many of the benefits of the monarchy, prompting The Queen to “thank you all most sincerely for your good wishes and for the part you have all played in these happy celebrations”.