Manchester City are set for a showdown with Raheem Sterling over the winger's future at the Etihad, reports say. Sterling's contract at City expires at the end of next season and a decision over his future is set to be made. The England international was not always a regular starter under Pep Guardiola last term. He started just 23 Premier League matches but still managed to score an impressive 13 goals. The Mirror claims Sterling is now mulling over whether to run down his contract and become a free agent. A new deal has not been ruled out but he wants assurances from Guardiola as well as an increase on his mega wages of around £300,000 a week. Talks have been held over a new deal for the last 12 months but there has been little progress. Arsenal, Tottenham and Chelsea are all credited with interest in Sterling, but the Gunners' hopes were hit by them failing to qualify for the Champions League. READ MORE: Tottenham 'weighing up' Allan Saint-Maximin transfer bid as Fabio Paratici pushes for deal  The player would also be open to a move to a team in Europe after spending his entire career to date in England. City would prefer to sell the 27-year-old this summer than allow him to walk away on a free in 2023. City will therefore have showdown talks with Sterling to decide where his future lies. He is closing in on 350 appearances for City in all competitions, scoring 131 goals. He has won four Premier League titles, four League Cups and an FA Cup during his spell in Manchester. Sterling was asked about his future ahead of the Champions League semi-final loss to Real Madrid in April. He refused to speak about his situation and said a decision would be made at the end of the season. Sterling said: "At the minute I'm just happy to be playing, happy to be contributing with the team. DON'T MISSBenfica respond to Man Utd 'swap deal offer for Darwin Nunez' with counter proposal [GOSSIP]Leeds set two conditions for Raphinha transfer with Barcelona in 'advanced talks' [RUMOUR]Tottenham target Alessandro Bastoni's agent hints where client will play next season [QUOTES]  "I think that's the most important thing. At this period, I think it would be selfish of me to speak of any contract situation and I'm just happy to be playing football and see where we are at the end of the season." He also conceded he cannot be guaranteed game time under Guardiola. Sterling continued: "It's a team full of competition. "It's the competition that makes you thrive and once you're performing you just want to keep playing if you're scoring, they can assist you, win a game or whatever. You may just want to keep playing and sometimes you have to come to understand that this is a lot of players in the team."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here