Blackpool North and Cleveleys MP Paul Maynard will today table a private members bill to replace the House of Lords with an elected Senate. It comes after years of fury at the way peers in the Upper House tried to block Brexit, prevent reforms to tackle extremist protesters, and attempted to block new laws to end human trafficking. They also tried to intervene to prevent the election watchdog more accountable after allegations it sided with Remainers totry to punish Brexit campaigners. While the bill is unlikely to pass this time, it is seen by supporters as the first attempt to end the undemocratic interference by a powerful elite who mostly have seats in Parliament for the rest of their lives unless they choose to retire. Mr Maynard is understood to have long opposed the Lords because of its undemocratic nature and is not only influenced by the debacle after the 2016 EU referendum where peers worked with Remainer MPs to try to overturn the result. He said: “In the 21st century it seems silly to be governed by a group of people who are unelected. “We have seen massive issues that have had to be considered by Parliament in recent years, not least Brexit, and right that people have a say in who governs them and makes those decisions. “It is wrong to have a group of people who are unelected making those decisions who cannot be chucked out by voters like MPs.” Trying to block Brexit is not the only problem caused by peers like Lord Adonis and former Deputy Prime Minister Lord Heseltine. Recently, peers overturned legislation to clamp down on extremist protesters from the Xtinction Rebellion and associated groups like Insulate Britain who have been bringing the transport network to a halt by blocking roads and rail. The Lords who protected them were not even moved by the fact that ambulances taking very ill people to hospital were prevented from passing by the protesters. Meanwhile, Lord Adonis, who has never been elected to Parliament, and others in the European Movement use the House of Lords as a platform to try to take Britain back into the EU. READ MORE: Poll reveals ‘Rejoiner alliance’ to reverse Brexit WILL happen More recently, unelected peers have threatened to stop attempts to change the human Rights act and replace it with a British Bill of Rights. The move is needed to help protect Britain’s borders and stop foreign courts like the European Convention of Human Rights (ECHR) from making binding decisions on the UK as it did earlier this month preventing a deportation flight to Rwanda. Church of England Bishops led by the Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby have also used being in the lords with no democratic mandate as a platform to attack the Government on a number of issues including the Rwanda deportations. Apart from Iran, Britain is the only country with unelected clerics as part of its legislature with 25 bishops getting seats because of a medieval legacy. DON'T MISS 'Something is rotten in state of Tories', says DAVID MADDOX [INSIGHT] Election results: Mask slips as Rejoiner Alliance plot exposed in post [REVEAL] Brexit POLL: Should MPs vote for Liz Truss's Northern Ireland plan? [REACT] Other Conservative MPs including Ashfield’s Lee Anderson have also said that time should be called on bishops getting a seat in Parliament. Currently there are 767 members of the Lords, more than the 650 elected MPs in the Commons. Of these there are 83 Lib Dems even though at the 219 general election they only won 12 seats. The biggest group is the Conservative with 257, 184 independent crossbenchers and 168 from Labour. Supporters of the Lords point out that it is a “revising chamber” which cannot block legislation if it appeared in a government’s election manifesto. The Parliament Act can be used in those circumstances to overturn the Lords’ veto. It is also claimed that experts who would normally not stand for election from science, the world of finance and business, the arts and academia can get seats in the Lords.