Manchester United youngster Hannibal Mejbri has been told how he can feature under new manager Erik ten Hag, as former United defender and coach Paul McShane cited Anthony Elanga as an example for the Tunisian midfielder to follow. McShane came through the United academy and returned to the club in 2021 as a player-coach, where he spent time with the under-23 squad and explained how the players in that group can make the step up to first-team football under ten Hag. When asked by Off The Ball whether a few of the under-23 players can move up to the first team, McShane replied: “It depends what they want to do. That is one of the things that I try to tell them, when you go up there you have to make an impact, you have to sort of leave your mark and I know Hannibal left his mark when he came on against Liverpool. “They were some of the tricks of the trade maybe, the dark arts, but when they go training with the new first team manager they have got to show that they want it. “Sometimes I feel that young lads they go up to the first team and they can pass the ball, but they have got to show that real desire that they want to make an impression, and they are hungry to succeed. “You see a great example of that this season is Anthony Elanga, he went up there and supposedly in training he was at it every single day. Then in games he was at it and he stayed there. “You don’t want to go up to the first team, have one or two training sessions and then come back down and sort of float in between in no man's land, you have got to go for it and make an impression, really try to impress the manager.” McShane admitted that while he has not met ten Hag yet, he will be continuing his coaching at the club in a different capacity. He explained that he will be involved in the Professional Development Phase as an assistant coach through the under-16 to under-23 age groups. McShane was a player-coach in a role that several Premier League clubs have adopted, but announced his retirement and will now focus solely on coaching. Speaking to the club website, McShane said: “I’m calling it a day playing now. I’ve had 20 years playing and I’ve come back into the club as a player-coach in the Under-23s. It’s been a great year and great experience but now it’s time to fully focus on the next stage of my career, which will be in coaching.”