Emma Raducanu's summer schedule is taking shape in her preparations to defend her US Open title from last year with confirmation she will compete in Washington. The major champion is the first WTA player to be announced for the Citi Open, which gets underway on July 30. The WTA 250 event hasn't been held since 2019 due to the Covid-19 pandemic. It also presents the start of the American hardcourt swing before the US Open later in August. The final major of the year gets underway on August 29 with Raducanu aiming to defend her title from last year. Raducanu faced off against Canada's Leylah Fernandez in a historic final with the Brit going on to win the title without dropping a single set. Raducanu made her debut at the French Open last week, coming from behind to beat Linda Noskova in her opening match. But she failed to progress to the third round after losing to Aliaksandra Sasnovich in three sets. JUST IN: Raducanu shares Murray Wimbledon dream ahead of homecoming  The 19-year-old has now brought forward her preparations for Wimbledon later this month after adding the Nottingham Open to her calendar. Raducanu was originally set to play her first event back in the UK since winning the US Open at the Birmingham Classic. But the world No 12 will now return to Nottingham - which was her first ever WTA Tour event last year - next week. The Nottingham Open gets underway on Monday with Raducanu among the top seeds in the draw. Sofia Kenin had been the No 1 seed, but the American withdrew from the event this week due to injury. DON'T MISS  Raducanu will be aiming to put herself in the best position possible to repeat her heroics from Wimbledon last year. The teenager quickly became a household name as she battled to the second week of SW19 in 2021. She's likely to face more pressure this time around given her achievement at the US Open shortly after her WTA Tour debut. But Cameron Norrie hopes his compatriot will embrace it when she arrives at Wimbledon. “She has had a lot of attention after the US Open - I don't think it will be any easier around Wimbledon," he said. "Hopefully she will go and embrace it. She knows exactly how much attention she will get. It will be even more. She needs to keep her head down, keep enjoying the tennis, I'm sure she is looking forward to the grass. I think it is one of her best surfaces as well. It will be a lot of fun."  