Romelu Lukaku has struggled since returning to Chelsea, and there is a feeling that he could soon be replaced at Stamford Bridge. Numerous forwards have been linked with the Blues, and Express Sport readers have had their say. Lukaku scored eight goals in 26 Premier League games for Chelsea last season, but his performances underwhelmed. For a club-record transfer fee of £97.5million, many expected the Belgian to help Thomas Tuchel’s side compete for titles and silverware. Instead, the manager was forced to play Kai Havertz as a makeshift no.9 in order to bench Lukaku entirely. Now that Chelsea’s takeover is complete, their attention will turn to who they can sign to provide depth in the final third. Express Sport readers believe that the Blues should look to sign Everton striker Dominic Calvert-Lewin or Inter Milan’s Lautaro Martinez this summer, with Lukaku reportedly set to press for a move back to the Serie A. Both players received almost a quarter of votes each from readers that were asked who should replace Lukaku. England international Calvert-Lewin has been linked with Arsenal and Newcastle already this summer, but whether they would be willing to let him leave with fellow striker Richarlison set to depart remains to be seen. Of course, signing Martinez is not out of the question given that a deal could be orchestrated that involved Lukaku. He scored 21 Serie A goals last season, and with Paulo Dybala set to join Inter, there may no longer be the reluctance to let the 24-year-old depart. Elsewhere, readers said that Tottenham’s Harry Kane should be considered, though he is likely to cost a significant amount that even Manchester City wouldn’t pay last summer. Versatile forward Christopher Nkunku also received significant support. Where Lukaku ends up ahead of next season is somewhat unknown, though a return to the San Siro does appear likely. But ex-Arsenal forward Paul Merson believes that his former side should attempt to sign the 29-year-old, urging Chelsea to cut their losses on their record signing. He told the Daily Star: “Arsenal should make a cheeky £60m bid for Romelu Lukaku," said Merson. "Because if Chelsea are so desperate to let him go that they're talking about loaning him to Inter Milan, surely they would take the money. "I would be chasing Lukaku hard if I was Arsenal. I'd be trying my hardest. You don't have to do too much running at Arsenal. The way they play you want the centre forward to be upfront and stay there. He would suit them. Arsenal have runners who could get in behind him and supply him with crosses.”