Johnny Depp’s lawyer Camille Vasquez, 37, has been promoted to partner at her law firm, after she helped the actor win his defamation lawsuit against ex-wife Amber Heard last week. The news comes amid reports Ms Vasquez is being flooded with offers of film and TV roles. Ms Vasquez landed the prestigious new job at her law firm Brown Rudnick. Chairman and CEO William Baldiga said: “We are delighted to welcome Camille to the partnership. “Historically, we have reserved this announcement for the end of our fiscal year. “But Camille’s performance during the Johnny Depp trial proved to the world that she was ready to take this next step now. We are incredibly proud of her and look forward to what she will accomplish as our newest partner.” Ms Vasquez also released a statement which read: “I am delighted that Brown Rudnick has given me its full vote of confidence by having me join the partnership. “I’m proud of the uniquely talented team I’ve had the privilege to lead, which exemplified teamwork and collaboration, and I look forward to continuing to represent Brown Rudnick’s culture of excellence.” The lawyer graduated from Southwestern Law School in 2010, and joined Brown Rudnick’s Orange County office in 2018 as an associate in the litigation and arbitration department.  But reports suggest it’s not just her law career that’s seeing offers - as she has also been eyed up by Hollywood since Johnny’s fans idolised her during the trial - with one even getting a tattoo of her. Ms Vasquez is said to have received offers from “several traditional TV networks and cable channels”. A source told The New York Post: “Talent agents are circling Camille because they recognise that she is the unicorn — a smart, savvy, poised attorney whose impactful performance during the trial propelled her to a rare level of visibility. “And the fact that she is a woman of colour is an added bonus.” DON'T MISS...Liz Hurley, 56, celebrates Platinum Jubilee in tiny white bikini [PICS]Zoe Ball blamed for 'painful' Jubilee version of Sweet Caroline [TWITTER]A Place In The Sun's Jonnie Irwin says 'life is pretty upside down' [UPDATE] A former network executive who reportedly knew about the offers added: “Camille is inarguably a great voice to weigh in on legal matters and networks are naturally chomping at the bit to speak with her about on-air opportunities.” Last Wednesday, Johnny won all three defamation claims against Amber and was awarded $15 million in damages by the jury at the court in Fairfax, Virginia. Amber will only have to pay him $10.35 million due to a Virginia law capping punitive damages. In turn, Johnny was found to have defamed Amber on one of three countersuit claims she launched against him. The Aquaman actress was thus awarded $2 million in damages by the court. Amber was present for the trial verdict, while Johnny was seen socialising with fans at a UK pub just moments before it rolled in. In a statement released after the verdict was announced, he said the jury “gave him his life back”.