Beatrice greeted the Prince of Wales with a kiss on the cheek at Royal Ascot on Tuesday. But body language expert Judi James claimed the gesture between the two royals was "distanced". Ms James said the only "displays of warmth" came from Zara Tindall who was looking on. Ms James's claims follow reports that Charles lobbied the Queen against Prince Andrew stepping out in public for Garter Day on Monday. The body language expert told the Mirror: "Beatrice might be leaning in to kiss her uncle on the cheek but there is little sign of warmth in her facial expression as she does so. "Her eyes are wide rounded and her eye gaze is looking away from Charles and cast downward. "Her mouth is puckered primly and tightly, suggesting tension or effort. "Her right hand reaches out to touch his arm but it is a distanced greeting. "Charles has turned his own head away from Beatrice so the cheeks barely touch. "Edo is watching closely, touching the brim of his top hat to add an air of old-school formality to the rituals. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice lets slip new title as she unveils sweet tribute  "Zara almost appears to be taking the role of mediator here, smiling at the scene as though encouraging some displays of warmth and relaxation." Charles and Camilla led royals out in force for the first day of Royal Ascot on Tuesday. They enjoyed a carriage ride past packed stands at the famous Berkshire racecourse which has not been filled since 2019. DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: 'Kick in teeth' Meghan 'ready' to turn back on UK [LIVE BLOG]Meghan and Harry's titles spark 'removal discussion' amid royals [INSIGHT]Prince William moving closer to Queen to 'train to takeover monarchy' [ANALYSIS] The Queen, 96, who has been suffering from mobility issues, missed the sporting event. Beatrice, wearing a floral dress, was joined by her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi for the day at the races. Other royals who attended included the Countess of Wessex, the Princess Royal, Peter Phillips and Zara's husband Mike Tindall. The royal party mingled in the parade ring before racing began and Charles was spotted kissing and catching up with his relatives. And the royals were out again on Wednesday for the second day of Royal Ascot. The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall again led the royal party as the monarch, who is known for her passion for horse racing, missed another day. 