Dad’s Army star Frank Williams’ loved ones announced the actor’s death on Sunday with a statement shared on Facebook. The actor was best known for playing Reverend Timothy Farthing in the BBC much-loved comedy and can be heard teasing his co-stars in a series of home videos he took when the series went on tour in 1973. In the first clip, Frank watches on as his co-stars arrive for the night’s performance. He said: “Who is this arriving at the stage?” “Ian is, of course, already there,” he added as actor Ian Lavender made notes while dressed as his character Pike. “Carry on on the home front,” Frank commented while capturing footage of the cast rehearsing. Read more: Frank Williams dead: Dad's Army star dies aged 90 The next scene shows Chief Warden Hodges star Bill Pertwee cutting a cake in the shape of a warden’s hat. “It’s someone’s birthday,” Frank said. “Well, from the shape of the cake it has to be Warden Hodges.” As the actors aboard the tour bus, he continued: “The crowds are gathering, ‘Farewell to Dad’s Army’ is what they’re saying.” “Now here’s Arthur, ‘Am I in the right place?’” Frank teased. “‘I think I’ll have a little snooze,’” he mocked as he impersonated Arthur Wilson star, Arthur Lowe. In the second clip, Frank reflected on the Dad’s Army tour. “Of course, the whole tour wasn’t just about sightseeing and travelling from one place to another. “There was a serious reason for it we were going to do the show.” DON'T MISSRobin Parkinson dead: ‘Allo ‘Allo! and Dad’s Army star dies aged 92  [INSIGHT]Dad's Army star claims creators introduced 'woke' rule [INTERVIEW]Dad's Army: Ian Lavender on why co-star's costume had to be changed [VIDEO] In a statement posted on Facebook, it was confirmed Frank died at the age of 90. It read: “So sorry to say that our beloved friend, colleague and actor, Frank Williams, passed away this morning. "He was almost 91, and we are grateful for all the years of joy, laughter and happiness he brought to so many. Thank you Frank!" Frank worked with the Watford Palace Theatre, which was run by the creator of Dad’s Army Jimmy Perry, at the start of his career. The actor first appeared in the BBC comedy in the first episode of season three titled The Armoured Might of Lance Corporal Jones. He went on to feature as a recurring character and made appearances in two feature films. Private Pike star Ian Lavender is the only surviving cast member of Dad’s Army.