Cleaning star, Mrs Hinch, whose real name is Sophie Hinchcliffe, has attracted a huge following on social media. The cleaning sensation rose to fame after sharing ingenious cleaning hacks on her Instagram page - helping thousands of people in the process. Now, fans from her 4.5 million followers have formed their own social media groups dedicated to sharing daily cleaning advice. This includes laundry tips on how to rid permanent marker stains from clothing. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to remove pen marks from a white shirt after failing when using hand sanitiser, washing up liquid and Vanish. Melanie Porter wrote: “Need advice on how to get rid of this pen mark. I’ve tried hand sanitiser, washing up liquid and Vanish without much success.” Just because a piece of clothing has permanent marker stains doesn't mean it is doomed for the bin. Permanent markers are incredibly difficult to get out, yet not impossible. READ MORE: Washing: ‘Cheap and effective laundry substitutes’ to remove stains In fact, a few common household products are adept at getting rid of pesky ink stains. As with most types of stains, time is of the essence. Your odds of total stain elimination skyrocket if the item is treated soon after the offence takes place. According to Mrs Hinch fans, marker stains can be removed using milk. DON'T MISS: Gardening tips: Use eggshell trick as ‘fantastic fertiliser’ to plants [EXPERT]Alan Titchmarsh shares how to ‘transform’ roses - keeps them ‘alive’ [TIPS]Where does Holly Willoughby live? [INSIGHT] Anna Marr said: “Steep in milk. I know it sounds weird but it really works. “It’s so easy and means you don’t need to go out of your way to buy a specialist cleaning product.” Karina Draper replied: “I saw lots of people rave about using milk to remove permanent marker stains from clothes on here so I tried it out and the stains disappeared. I was so surprised it works.” Eileen Wallace commented: “Milk. My son’s pen burst in his school trousers and I soaked them in milk and it worked.” READ MORE: ‘Valuable’ kitchen essential to give gardens a boost without chemicals Debbie Adams wrote: “Milk has saved all of my son’s school clothes.” Brenda Trunter suggested: “Soak the stain in milk for at least an hour, then wash as normal.” Shaheen Haider agreed: “Soak in milk. You’ll see the ink coming out, then wash. Tried it and it worked.” Milk can be purchased from Sainsbury’s for 50p as well as other local supermarkets. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using hairspray to remove the stains. Ana Casillas said: “Hair spray and wash, you may need several washes but keep doing it. I removed permanent marker from my uniform with hairspray. Joanne Brazier commented: “Spray hairspray on, dab(don't scrub) and repeat a few times, then wash as normal.” Robbie Perkins-Arnold added: “Hairspray. Spray it until it’s soaked, the ink will run. “Let it set, then rinse and repeat till gone, then wash and rewash in the machine.”