Whether it's in the kitchen, bathroom or utility room, grout can change colour and become dirty over time. Unfortunately, stained grout will grab the eye of any visitors to your bathroom, especially if the tiles are light-coloured, which was the case with mine. The grout was particularly bad in my kitchen which is why I wanted to try a specific product claiming clean grout stains. Grout can become susceptible to discolouration over time. This can come as a result of using chemical cleansers not suitable for grout, walking on tile in dirty shoes, or grout being sealed with the wrong type of sealer. In other cases, discolouration may simply be a build-up of dirt or mould. When cleaning any area of the home, I always try to opt for natural methods as they tend to do the job at a fraction of the price of store-bought cleaning products. READ MORE: Cleaning: I used a 13p fruit to remove limescale from my kettle However, after numerous failed attempts with testing out natural methods, I was willing to try anything to clean it. I purchased Bar Keepers Friend stain remover from Tesco for £1.49 to test it out. The product also comes in a cream form, although I opted for a powder. This stain remover claims to clean areas “where others fail” and provide “exceptional results”. It can be used on multiple surfaces such as stainless steel, china, brass, copper, tiles, grouting and chrome. DON'T MISS: Why you should avoid killing ivy plants - ‘protects your building’ [INSIGHT]‘Best time of day’ to water your grass - signs lawns need watering [EXPERT]‘The best approach’ to get rid of carpet beetles in your home [TIPS] Before cleaning fibreglass, plastics, anodised aluminium, or brushed metal surfaces – including appliance exteriors – test first on a small, inconspicuous area. To put it to the test I used it on the grout between my kitchen tiles. The grout had turned dark grey, almost black when they were originally a light grey shade. I started by pouring out a decent serving of the stain removing powder into a small container and added a few drops of water - enough to create a thick paste. Then I used an old toothbrush to apply the solution to the grout and started to gently scrub. For those who don’t have a spare toothbrush lying around, they can pick up a pack of two from Asda for only 25p. As my tile grout was covered in tough stains, it was suggested on the product to leave it for five minutes to allow the paste to work “effectively”. This stain remover is formulated by harnessing the natural power of oxalic acid to remove stains. Once the five minutes were up I used a microfibre cloth to wipe away the paste. The results were incredible, the grout looked the same as when it was first applied. As the paste can leave a white cast residue on the tiles, I used a damp microfibre cloth to go in afterwards to clean it up. I was shocked at how little work went into cleaning the grout this way. I will definitely be using it for the grout in my bathroom next.