The Duke and Duchess of Sussex flew back to Britain last week to take part in the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The former working Royals were barely spotted during the four-day extravaganza, choosing to keep a low profile. Their attendance at St Paul's Cathedral was the only time they were seen in public with the rest of the Royal Family. However, Prince Harry and Meghan were forced to sit on the second row at a distance of 25 feet from Prince William and Prince Charles. The demotion to second rank Royals appeared to have an unsettling effect on the Duke of Sussex. His wife, though, did her best to reassure her husband that all was well in the world. According to a lip reader, Meghan turned to Prince Harry at one stage of the 50-minute service and said: "Yeah, will be fine." A leading Royal expert claimed the seating arrangements were intended to prevent the brothers from coming face-to-face. Ingrid Seward told Fabulous: "The excuse was that as they are no longer working members, they were to take a literal back seat. “The reality is the Palace was determined there would be no photographs that might reveal any animosity between the brothers. “Becoming a ‘second row royal’ is difficult for Harry to swallow.” The Duke and Duchess of Sussex decided to return early to the US, where they are based. They missed the Platinum Jubilee pageant, that rounded off the four days of celebrations. The couple, along with their two children Archie, three, and one-year-old Lilibet were already in the air when the spectacular parade started on Sunday. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry ‘seen as talentless self-promoters' It is believed they were driven from Frogmore Cottage to Farnborough Airport before taking off at 1.30pm. A weary-looking Harry was photographed in the passenger seat of a black Range Rover, after disembarking from the plane. An insider told The Sun: “There was no fanfare, they just went. "They didn't stick around for the Platinum Jubilee pageant.” The Queen delighted her adoring fans by making a surprise appearance on Buckingham Palace's balcony at the culmination of the celebrations. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry alienated 'diehard royal fans' with attacks on Firm [SPOTLIGHT]Meghan Markle and Queen Letizia step out in the same dress [REVEAL]Harry looks pensive as he and Meghan touch down in California hours... [NEWS] The crowd roared as the 96-year-old monarch emerged with a broad smile and surveyed the patriotic sea of Union Jack flag-waving well-wishers before her. The Queen had missed many events during the Platinum Jubilee, including the Epsom races, after experiencing "discomfort" during the opening day parade on Thursday. The Queen said in statement on Saturday that she had been "humbled and deeply touched" by all the people who had come together both at events in London and elsewhere in the United Kingdom to mark her milestone. The monarch said: "When it comes to how to mark seventy years as your Queen, there is no guidebook to follow. "It really is a first. But I have been humbled and deeply touched that so many people have taken to the streets to celebrate my Platinum Jubilee."