World No 2 golfer Jon Rahm had his ball stolen by two kids whilst competing during the opening round of the US Open at the Country Club, Brookline. Rahm headed into the event as the defending champion after winning his maiden major title at Torrey Pines in 2021. Heading into his defence though, one thing the Spaniard did not prepare for was his ball to be nabbed by two youngsters watching on. The remarkable incident took place on Rahm’s final hole of the day during Thursday’s opening round. After firing his tee shot up the final hole, the world No 2 followed it up the 18th fairway, only to see two sneaky kids scamper off with the ball the Spaniard was playing. Despite the chaos, Rahm clearly saw the funny side of the situation, and revealed all when speaking to the media post-round. Laughing, he said: “I am 100 percent sure I saw the two kids that stole it. Somebody - I’m pretty sure I know who it was. I recognized the two kids that were running the opposite way with a smile on their face.” Following the disappearance of his ball, the Spaniard was given a free drop by officials, to continue up the 18th. JUST IN: Rory McIlroy pulls off incredible par save at US Open after furious bunker rage He went on: “I’m just really happy somebody spotted the ball first. We knew exactly where it was. Off the tee I was comfortable. I was past all the trees. … After the free relief, I had 135 yards to the pin, in an area where the rough wasn’t that thick. I don’t think they expected anybody to hit it there or be around there, so I was able to drop it in an area that was a little downgrain, and I wasn’t in jeopardy of carrying the bunker. That wasn’t really a concern.” In typical Rahm fashion, the Spaniard then had the perfect answer to his final hole debacle as he played a superb iron shot into the green leaving him just over 20 feet for birdie. Rahm then rolled in the lengthy putt for a bizarre birdie, to give him the perfect finish to the opening round of his title defence. DON'T MISSPhil Mickelson and other LIV Golf players could face US Open ban, warns USGA chiefUS Open 2022: How much Rory McIlroy can win compared to LIV GolfUS Open 2022: Why is Mickelson allowed to play after joining LIV Golf? The birdie three at 18 saw the world No 2 finish with a one-under-par 69 on day one, two off the early leaders, which includes last week’s Canadian Open winner Rory McIlroy. Pleased with his Thursday efforts, Rahm commented: “I feel like I played pretty good golf all day. “I just saw a lot of them get close and not go in, and to hit two wayward drives in the last two holes and somehow end up with two birdie putts and making the last one — it’s more the fact of making putt to break par on the first round of the U.S. Open. It’s quite a big deal.”