Mrs Hinch is a cleaning influencer with over four million followers on Instagram. She rocketed to fame after sharing her best cleaning tips and tricks with others. Mrs Hinch is so popular that she has encouraged other cleaning enthusiasts to create Facebook groups where they share advice with one another. In one such group, with over 600,000 members, one woman wanted to know how to clean a toilet seat. The post was inundated with comments within minutes, with many other cleaning fans offering plenty of advice. Ellen Alker wrote: “Hi all, what’s the best way to remove yellow stains from toilet seats?” READ MORE: How to clean windows and leave them 'sparkling' The advice Ellen received was a mixture of methods using both natural and chemical products. Katie Yarnold commented: “Pink paste and green back sponge works every time.” Anne-Marie Kethro agreed. She said: “Pink stuff works brilliantly!” Suzanne Windrow recommended: “I took mine off and soaked it in the bath overnight with napisan.” DON'T MISS:Pylon battle: East Anglians urged to plant tall trees to stop plans [FIGHT] Does white vinegar remove fabric stains? Best ways to use it [REVEAL]Gardening jobs to do this weekend - 8 tasks for your summer garden [INSIGHT] Susan Metcalfe also advised taking the seat off – and purchasing a new one altogether. Billy Neil warned: “Don’t use bleach and close the lid. That’s what causes the issue.” Karen Hood advised a more natural method. She said: “Barkeeper’s Friend cream and a scrub sponge.” Teresa Webb said: “I tried everything too after my toilet seat had yellow staining, the only thing that removed most of it was magic eraser’s, worked brilliantly.” Helen Oxborough agreed. She said: “Magic eraser sponge.” Charlie Dexter said: “Definitely pink stuff paste. Gets rid of all of it.” Margaret Mulgrew offered a cheap, natural tip. She said: “I use dove soap, lather it onto a pad and scrub it. “Plus it leaves a nice scent afterwards.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Katie Cargill wrote: “I have used the cheap sterilisation fluid from Home Bargains (like Milton) but it’s only 89p and scrubbed it with a toothbrush – it really does lift the stain.” Jane Southam said: “Take it off and put in bath with dishwasher tablet.” Glenis Burgess Was Howes’ piece of advice was a little different. She wrote: “Shaving foam.” Emma Murthwaite’s method was a classic mixture that can be used for a variety of cleaning tasks. She wrote: “White vinegar and bicarbonate.”