Manchester United appear to have accepted defeat to Liverpool in the pursuit for Darwin Nunez, but there are far more pressing issues for the Red Devils to fix this summer. United are entering another transitional phase with Erik ten Hag coming in as the club's new permanent manager. David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer have all failed to return to Old Trafford outfit to their former glory despite big sums of money being spent in recent years. But this summer may well prove to be United's most important since Sir Alex Ferguson retired with a host of changes expected to be made. Paul Pogba, Edinson Cavani, Jesse Lingard and Nemanja Matic are all leaving with others also linked with moves away from Old Trafford. Ten Hag is set to be heavily backed in the market and signing a top-rated forward was reportedly top of the agenda. Nunez was earmarked as a priority with the 22-year-old regarded as one of the most highly-rated young attackers in world football. But United's pulling power has clearly been depleted after failing to qualify for next season's Champions League. JUST IN: Man Utd ‘make first official bid’ for Frenkie de Jong with £17m bonus  Once Liverpool's interest was registered in the striker, reports quickly emerged that Nunez favoured a move to Anfield over Old Trafford. Negotiations have now moved quickly with Liverpool looking increasingly likely to complete a deal worth in the region of £85m for Nunez. Liverpool have been reluctant to throw big money in the transfer window in recent years, but seemingly see Nunez as the ideal replacement for Sadio Mane and are prepared to pay a club-record fee to make it happen. United fans may feel aggrieved at seeing one of their arch-rivals beating them to a top transfer target. But at £85m, Nunez would have taken a massive chunk out of United's transfer budget for this summer and there are far more pressing matters than improving United's forward positions. Cristiano Ronaldo proved in his first season back in the Premier League last year that he's more than capable of leading their frontline. DON'T MISS  Jadon Sancho will be expecting to improve on his debut season at Old Trafford and a full summer off will undoubtedly make him fresh for next year. Marcus Rashford will also be hoping to improve on last year's disappointing campaign and Ten Hag will be tasked with unlocking the England international's full talents. Reinforcements will be needed up top, but United will need to be smart in the market in finding what they need. Improving their midfield has been a priority for several years now and with both Pogba and Matic leaving, it's more important signings are made in the middle of the pack more than ever. Frenkie de Jong is reportedly still an option and, given his past working relationship with Ten Hag, seems like a no-brainer. There will also be signings made in defence, particularly at full-back with Aaron Wan-Bissaka facing an uncertain future. With plenty of areas that need improving, spending £85m on another forward seems illogical for United at this moment in time. Saving that money to spend elsewhere appears on paper to be the right call. But United officials will need to use that money wisely to close the gap to those fighting at the top of the table.