Manchester United and Tottenham have been dealt a huge blow after Milan Skriniar committed his future to Inter Milan as he outlined his career plan. The defender has been tipped to make a move to the Premier League this summer. “My future is at Inter,” the 27-year-old said this week. “I have a contract and nothing has changed. The transfer rumours come out every six months, every year. But there's nothing specific - I'm satisfied with Inter.” Skriniar moved to the San Siro from Sampdoria in 2017 and has gone on to become a key man in the Inter defence. During Inter’s 2020/21 Serie A-winning campaign, the ace racked-up 32 league appearances under Antonio Conte as the team won their first Italian title for 11 years. And in the most recent campaign, Skriniar played 35 times in the league as Inter missed out on landing the title by just two points as local rivals AC Milan were crowed champions. Skriniar only has one more year remaining on his current contract in Italy. But Inter are reportedly desperate for him to sign new terms to extend his stay at the club and will pay him £4.25million a year if he agrees to put pen-to-paper on a new deal. READ MORE: Gareth Bale confirms Real Madrid transfer exit in classy statement   United appear to be long-time admirers of the Slovakia international and were chasing him when Jose Mourinho was in charge at Old Trafford. Erik ten Hag has started his tenure at Old Trafford after taking over from Ralf Rangnick, who has now left the club despite initially agreeing to stay for two years as a consultant. And Ten Hag will surely want to bring in new faces to shore up his defence after United shipped goal after goal last time around. DON'T MISS Manchester United open talks with Barcelona for Frenkie de Jong dealArsenal 'to complete first summer signing in next 10 days'Liverpool star Mohamed Salah 'wants Premier League transfer'    The Red Devils conceded an incredible 57 Premier League strikes last season, with only seven other teams having a worse defensive record. And Skriniar could be the answer to their problems after centre-back Harry Maguire came in for fierce criticism amid a string of poor displays. United wouldn’t be able to offer the star Champions League football if he did move to Old Trafford. But Tottenham wouldn’t have the same issue. The Lilywhites secured their place among the European elite on the final day of last season as they thumped Norwich 5-0 at Carrow Road. And Conte will be confident his team can kick-off once again next time around. The Italian will be hoping the pull of the Premier League can persuade Skriniar to reassess his options. But unless the player has a change of heart, it appears he will be staying in Italy for at least one more season.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here