Real Madrid goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois has rubbed salt in the Liverpool wounds by getting a tattoo to commemorate his Champions League final win. The Belgian was the star of the show in the final, and has got a tattoo of a brick wall on his arm to symbolise his performance. Courtois delivered one of the best ever goalkeeping performances in a Champions League final against Liverpool, and has got a tattoo of a brick wall to celebrate. Madrid beat Liverpool 1-0 after Vinicius Jr scored the only goal of the game, but Los Blancos had Courtois to thank for keeping Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane at bay. The Belgian made nine saves to deny the Reds, which was a record in the final for a winning side. To accompany his brick wall tattoo, Courtois has also included graffiti-style writing of 'C1' to reference his name and shirt number. And of course, the Champions League trophy is resting against the wall. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag and John Murtough make Man Utd transfer decision Courtois was delighted to win his first ever Champions League, after falling at the final hurdle against Madrid with Atletico back in 2014. And after beating an English side in the final this time around, Courtois took aim at the nation for not giving him enough respect. The Belgian moved to Madrid from Chelsea, and he claimed that the victory was important for his career after losing respect while he was in England. "I don’t think I get enough respect, especially in England,” said Courtois. "Today I needed to win a final for my career, for all the hard work to put respect on my name. READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo 'approached by third club' after Chelsea and Bayern "There was a magazine, in March, that didn’t put me in the top 10 goalkeepers in the world. I don’t think they have to put me as No 1, but not to be put in the top 10 – it’s strange. I guess it is to do with how I left Chelsea, but I won the Premier League twice in England. "I don’t think I ever really get recognised for it, especially after my first year with Madrid. A lot of people laughed at me but here I am as a winner so it is a nice comeback.” Courtois also got the last laugh as Madrid knocked Chelsea out of the Champions League thanks to a Karim Benzema masterclass.