Dutton Ranch has faced many rivals over the years, yet has somehow managed to stay on top over the first four seasons of Yellowstone so far. With John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner) and the rest of the family coming back to the Paramount Network in November, Beth Dutton star Kelly Reilly has a warning for fans who might be hoping for a happy ending. Beth Dutton (Reilly) could be killed off by the end of Yellowstone season five following the latest insight from the English actress. So far, Beth has survived kidnapping, beatings and even a bomb delivered to her office with relatively minor injuries. After recovering from the burns she sustained during the attack on the Duttons, she returned in season four and doubled down on her job as the family’s shrewd and cold-blooded financier. Although the series is expected to continue for at least a few more years, Beth may not be a part of Taylor Sheridan’s gripping Western saga for much longer. READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint “I don’t think a season has started with as many adversaries lurking around as it will the beginning of season five,” Kelly was prompted in a recent interview. “And they’re coming,” she then confirmed. “They’re infringing.” Kelly explained how Caroline Warner (Jacki Weaver) and Market Equities’ planned takeover of the Yellowstone property parallels the struggles of real ranches in the States. She went on: “It’s like what is really happening in Montana. It is being bought up by billionaires.” “People come here because they love what I just showed you, but they’re going to destroy it because they come here.” Beth will stop at nothing to ensure the sanctity of her home, but the end of season four included a chilling promise from Caroline to decimate the land for all its worth. “The amount of cement, and building, and taking from the land,” Kelly told Vulture. “Where’s the water going to be cleared for the sewage? What is the effect on the environment?” DON'T MISS:NCIS LA fans send tributes as Daniela Ruah celebrates milestone [LATEST]Outlander’s Sam Heughan admits filming is ‘troublesome’ [INTERVIEW]The Boys’ Jessie T Usher teases major change to A-Train [EXCLUSIVE] John, his manager Rip Wheeler (Cole Hauser), and the rest of the ranch have had to resort to drastic measures in the past to protect the Duttons’ land from encroaching threats. However, Caroline has the full force of a mega-corporation on her side, and John’s campaign for Governor may not be enough to ensure his land is off-limits. If his daughter is forced to join the fight, she may not be lucky enough to escape with her life once the Duttons’ next war reaches its inevitably bloody climax. “They can’t protect it without playing dirty,” Kelly revealed of season five. “I mean, I quote Beth’s lines all the time because I love them: ‘His dream is the Alamo that I will die defending.’” Beth would clearly do anything to protect her father and his legacy, even after their intense row over his new girlfriend, Summer Higgins (Piper Perabo). Unfortunately, Beth’s loyalty to the ranch could prove to be her downfall if her financial schemes once again get in the way of their rivals' plans to take the land for themselves. Yellowstone season 5 premieres Sunday, November 13 on the Paramount Network.