More than half a million Britons are estimated to be caring for someone full time but not claiming Carer’s Allowance from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). However, it's not the only financial help available to carers in the UK - thousands of Britons could be missing out on additional support. Britons are missing out on vital benefits from the DWP like Carer’s Allowance which could be worth up to £3,624 a year. Meanwhile, more than a third (38 percent) of disabled people and those caring for them have been skipping meals, disability charity Sense has warned. To qualify for this support, people need to be caring for someone for 35 hours or more a week. They must also earn no more than £132 a week after expenses are deducted. READ MORE: Savings provider offers ‘competitive rates’ with up to 3.10% interest The person they are caring for also needs to be on certain means tested benefits. These include constant Attendance Allowance, Disability Living Allowance, the daily living component of Personal Independence Payment or Armed Forces Independence Payment. Applicants should speak to the person they are caring for as it could affect how much benefits they receive. However, it's not the only financial help available to carers in the UK, thousands of Britons could be missing out on additional support. DON'T MISSBritish Gas customers could get £1,500 off energy bills - apply now [ALERT]'Really sophisticated’ Woman loses £22,000 to scammers [WARNING]Sinful' Britons call for inheritance tax to be axed [UPDATE]35,000 more families set to 'live on much less than they need' [INSIGHT]  Britons might also qualify for extra Universal Credit because they are a carer. In addition, people who spend at least 20 hours a week caring for someone could get Carer’s Credit. Carer’s Credit is a National Insurance contribution which helps to ensure people don’t miss out on other state benefits due to gaps in their NI record. Parents caring for a disabled child could claim Disability Living Allowance which is worth between £24.45 and £156.90 a week. Carers won’t automatically qualify for the additional £650 Cost of Living payment unless they also receive Universal Credit. However, all Britons will receive £400 via an energy bills rebate - which no longer needs to be paid back. Britons on disability benefits like Attendance Allowance will receive a further £150 in September. Pensioner households will receive an additional £300 this year to help them cover the rising cost of energy this winter. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Many carers don’t realise they also qualify for additional discounts such as: 