Russia's invasion of Ukraine has not gone to plan after being met with a fierce and courageous resistance from opposition troops. Tens of thousands of Russian troops are believed to have been killed since the war began more than three months ago - on February 24. Vladimir Putin has also lost dozens of top-ranking personnel in battle, including several of his highly-regarded generals. But in a further blow, Ukrainian forces have destroyed a "large unit" of Russian mercenaries from Wagner PMC in Donbas. This is according to "intercepted conversation of the occupiers", which was published by the Security Service of Ukraine (SBU). After this elite group was completely wiped out, "ordinary" Russians are now "scared to fight". The Security Service of Ukraine (SBU) tweeted: "Ukrainian defenders destroyed a large unit of Wagnerians in Donbas. "After the liquidation of the Armed Forces of such an elite unit, the "ordinary" Russian occupiers are now generally afraid to fight. "This is evidenced by a new telephone conversation between the invaders, which was intercepted by the SBU." Ukrainian broadcast service Hromadske also tweeted: "Ukrainian defence forces destroyed a large unit of Russian mercenaries from Wagner PMC in Donbas, according to the intercepted conversation of the occupiers, which was published by the SBU. "After this elite group was liquidated, allegedly 'ordinary' Russians are scared to fight." READ MORE: Turkey's feared drones obliterating Russian troops in Ukraine On Monday, Putin had been hit by further devastation after an entire Russian battalion of paratroopers was "annihilated" by Ukrainian forces. The President suffered a huge blow after the Ukrainian 80th Paratrooper-Storm Brigade destroyed a unit of the Russian 104 Paratrooper-Storm Regiment (76th Division). Around 20 servicemen were killed and their armour also destroyed. Viktor Kovalenko, a former Ukrainian journalist and editor and a Ukraine Army veteran officer, tweeted: "The Ukrainian 80th Paratrooper-Storm Brigade confirms that they annihilated a unit of the Russian 104 Paratrooper-Storm Regiment (76th Division). DON'T MISSCan the EU ever ban Russian oil? EU infighting continues [ANALYSIS]Russia soldiers scramble under live fire by Ukrainians [VIDEO]Ukraine fury at Germany as vital weapons delivery delayed AGAIN [LATEST] "About 20 Russian servicemen were killed and their armour destroyed. The location wasn't disclosed." The Command of Air Assault Troops of the Armed Forces of Ukraine had earlier said: "Thanks to the coordinated work of the artillery units of 80 separate air assault brigade of the Airborne Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, a platoon of the 104th Guards Air Assault Regiment of the 76th Guards Air Assault Division of the Airborne Forces of Russian Federation was destroyed." During last weekend, the Security Service of Ukraine tweeted that "contractors in the Russian army" are on the verge of fleeing Ukraine. It said the 90-day term of the "special operation" defined by the legislation of the Russian Federation will expire, meaning those who came to Ukraine at the start of the war can "legally" leave the service. The SBU tweeted on Sunday: "Contractors in the Russian army are waiting for the end of May to flee Ukraine as soon as possible. "At the end of the month, the 90-day term of the 'special operation' defined by the legislation of the Russian Federation expires. "Therefore, those of them who came to Ukraine in February have grounds to 'legally' leave the service."