  Nile Rodgers, 69, once opened up about the time his heart “stopped eight times” during a debauched night out with Iron Man’s Robert Downey Jr, 57. The musician recalled being brought back to life by doctors after narrowly escaping death.      Nile claimed that he and the Avengers star had enjoyed a seriously heavy night together back in 1984, before things took a turn for the terrifying. The musician reportedly sprung back to life seconds before doctors pronounced him dead. In a resurfaced interview, he remembered: “I died eight times in one night and they brought me back. “Eight times my heart stopped.” READ MORE: John Cleese accuses BBC of 'deceptive' and 'dishonest' interview     “I was hanging out with Robert Downey Jr… It was coke and alcohol. “I was fine, but then I passed out,” he continued. “Typical rock n roll death…You choke on your own vomit,” he told The Guardian. The incident clearly had an effect on Nile, as now the star can boast being sober for a quarter of a century.      Nile is an American musician, producer and composer, responsible for more than 500 million albums and 75 million single sales worldwide. He has a star in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and is also the chairman of the Songwriters Hall of Fame. Chic co-founder Nile is also a three-time Grammy Award-winner, responsible for songs such as 1977’s Everybody Dance and 1978’s Le Freak. The star has collaborated with some of the most famous musicians in the world, including Madonna and Duran Duran. READ MORE... Jennifer Lopez, 52, showcases incredible physique in tiny black bikin [PICTURE] Ronnie Wood fortune: Staggering wealth rocker is amassing for his kids [LATEST] Marilyn Monroe dazzles in pics on what would've been her 96th birthday [INSIGHT]      He also produced David Bowie’s Let’s Dance following Chic’s breakup in 1983. More recently, he has worked with artists like Mick Jagger, Grace Jones, Christina Aguilera and Lady Gaga. Nile is set to join a star-studded list of talent set to perform at Platinum Party at the Palace this weekend.     On Saturday, the Buckingham Palace-set celebration will see many famous musicians share the spotlight in honour of the Queen’s platinum Jubilee. Some of the world’s biggest stars including Nile, Diana Ross, Queen and Adam Lambert will be in attendance. Elton John will also make a musical appearance in a pre-recorded set. Platinum Party at the Palace airs today on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.   