Andy Murray is facing an anxious few days as he learns about the severity of the abdominal injury he sustained in Sunday's Stuttgart Open final. The 35-year-old was in fine form for much of the tournament before finally succumbing to rival Matteo Berrettini, in three sets. In reaching the final, Sir Andy's first grass final since 2016, the Scot played five matches in Germany, as well as four the previous week in Surbiton, where his journey ended in the semi-finals. Fears for Sir Andy's physical condition will now be top of his agenda, as he aims to play at Wimbledon in a fortnight's time. Speaking after the loss in Germany, Sir Andy said: "I felt like I was playing well enough to win and I got myself in a really good position going into the third set so a frustrating end to what was a good week. "I got some pain in my abdomen when I was serving. It's not something I've had before. I'll need to get it checked when I get home. "This is the most matches I've played in two weeks since probably 2016. That's a really long time. "It's probably normal that I would feel some stuff in my body but I don't really know the severity of it. Hopefully it's all right." While Sir Andy will be hoping to roll back the years in an attempt to claim a third Wimbledon title, the prize money he earns from the tournament is expected to add to the incredible balance the star has earned from the sport. According to Essentially Sports, Sir Andy is worth an incredible £135million ($165million), while his earnings from the court alone register at approximately £51million ($62million). His fortune has been amassed from a series of different sponsorship deals, including with firms such as Standard Life, Head and Rado. JUST IN: Evans weighs in on Murray's Wimbledon hopes after Stuttgart injury Reports show that in 2016, Sir Andy brokered a deal with manufacturing giant Jaguar, and three years later signed up with tennis apparel brand Castore. Other companies to partner with Murray, who has also won the US Open and two Olympic gold medals, include TRR nutrition, Amazon Prime Video, American Express, tennis racquet manufacturer Head, WSB, NHS, WWF-UK, and UNICEF. Outside of his business ventures, Sir Andy has also focused a lot of his energy into his charitable endeavours, such as being a founding member of the Malaria No More UK Leadership Council. Celebrity Net Worth reports that the star has managed to earn between £8million ($10million) and £12million ($15million) per season from on-court earnings. DON'T MISS:Murray faces nervous wait for scan results as Brit sweats on Wimbledon [INSIGHT]Raducanu hit by new injury as Murray ends six-year wait [LATEST]Djokovic, Nadal and Federer reach end of an era after rankings update [ANALYSIS]  More recently, Sir Andy spoke positively about his return from injury and the prospect of him playing at Wimbledon later this month. A Yahoo Sport report on Sunday noted Sir Andy said: "Obviously, I’ve played a lot of matches. "This is the most matches I’ve played in two weeks since probably 2016. That’s a really long time. “It’s probably normal that I would feel some stuff in my body but I don’t really know the severity of it. I won’t know anything until I get it checked out. It’s tough to say anything about the next weeks.” Earlier this month, it emerged Sir Andy could partner British number one Emma Raducanu, the current BBC Sports Personal of the Year, in future mixed double tournaments. Ahead of last week's tournament in Nottingham, Raducanu told BBC Sport: "We haven't actually spoken about it but it's something we feel we both want to do. "I'm not sure if this is going to be the year but hopefully it will happen." Raducanu is the current US Open champion, having claimed victory in the tournament in September, last year. Speaking about her own form, the 19-year-old added: "It has been a really tricky 12 months, to be honest. It hasn't always been easy. "I've definitely learnt a lot about myself and I would say my approach is definitely different now. "I'm a lot more focused on the process of what I'm doing every single day because I know that's the only thing I can control."