Trooping the Colour is the Queen's annual birthday parade and, for the first time in two years, the spectacle returns to London today. Taking part in the parade from the Royal Family this year are Prince Charles, Princess Anne and Prince William. The colour of the Irish Guards is being trooped at the event and, as Colonel of the Regiment, Prince William led the full dress rehearsal on Saturday in preparation for the main event today. The Queen has not taken part in Trooping the Colour on horseback since the 1980s, so now Prince Charles will lead the Royal Family's presence at the fixture. As has been the case for previous Trooping the Colour events, Charles is dressed in a traditional red tunic and a bearskin hat. His tunic is adorned with his various military and Jubilee medals, with the addition of a new Platinum Jubilee medal too. At Trooping the Colour 2022, Charles wore: Queen's Service Order (New Zealand), Coronation medal, Silver Jubilee medal, Golden Jubilee medal and Diamond Jubilee medal and the Platinum Jubilee medal. The heir to the throne is also wearing the Naval Long Service Good Conduct (LSGC), Canadian Forces decoration, the New Zealand Commemorative medal and the New Zealand Armed Forces award.  READ MORE: Jubilee row explodes as Harry and Meghan told they are 'NOT welcome'  Charles is also wearing the Order of Merit neck order, Thistle Sash, collar of the Order of the Garter, Garter Star, Thistle Star, Bath Star and ADC Aiguillette. The Garter Star that Charles is wearing was awarded to him in 1958. It is the most prestigious order of chivalry in Britain and it was established in 1348 by Edward III of England. As the future Commander-in-Chief of the British Armed Forces, Charles is dedicated to supporting military causes. After leaving university, Charles had a career in the Royal Air Force and the Royal Navy.  Prince Charles received flying instruction from the RAF during his second year as a student at Cambridge, and he trained as a jet pilot at RAF Cranwell in 1971. He later embarked on a naval career and enrolled on a six-week course at the Royal Naval College, Dartmouth, following in the footsteps of his father Prince Philip. Charles began his military service on the guided missile destroyer HMS Norfolk. He later served on two frigates, HMS Minerva and HMS Jupiter, before going on to qualify as a helicopter pilot in 1974.  DON'T MISS:Three bizarre things that will change under reign of King Charles [INSIGHT] Queen's Jubilees in pictures: Best moments from the celebrations [PICTURES] What is Trooping the Colour? Inside the unique traditions [EXPLAINED] He joined the 845 Naval Air Squadron, which operated from the Commando carrier HMS Hermes. For his final stint in the Navy, Charles took command of HMS Bronington, the coastal minehunter, before going on to support the Queen full time as heir apparent to the throne. Charles' time in the Armed Forces has stayed with him, however, and many of his patronages as Prince of Wales are centred on support for service personnel and veterans. After leaving the Navy, Charles used his severance pay of £7,400 to set up The Prince's Trust, which now supports young people across the UK to achieve their ambitions. 