LAFC are finalising a deal to sign Gareth Bale on a free transfer following the expiry of his Real Madrid contract, according to reports in the United States. The Welshman has been exploring his options ahead of November's World Cup in Qatar and now it looks like a fresh challenge in the MLS awaits the 32-year-old, as he looks to keep his fitness levels up to speed ahead of the tournament later this year.  The former Tottenham winger was at Cardiff City's training ground earlier this week to discuss a sensational return to his homeland but it appears the Bluebirds have now fallen short in their attempts to bring Bale to the club. He held extensive talks with Cardiff boss Steve Morison but the Championship side have struggled to match the lucrative proposal on the table from across the Atlantic. As per reports, Bale has now decided to join LAFC, who are in the process of finalising a deal. It's understood the attacker will sign an initial one-year contract with the option for an additional 18 months, should he wish to continue his adventure. READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signings  No Premier League sides were believed to be in the race for Bale after his rollercoaster nine-year spell at the Bernabeu. Tottenham re-signed him on loan for the 2020/21 season but showed no indications they were ready to bring him back to north London on a permanent deal. Newcastle and Aston Villa have also been linked with swoops for the Wales international but interest has since been described as purely speculation. Bale helped Wales secure their place in Qatar with a 1-0 win over Ukraine in their World Cup play-off at the start of the month. DON'T MISS THE LATEST TRANSFER GOSSIPMan Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinationsChelsea 'plot PSG transfer hijack' after Inter Milan receive opening swap deal offerTottenham 'prepared to make player-plus-cash offer' for Man Utd target Antony  His goal-bound free-kick was turned into his own net by Andriy Yarmolenko to send the Cardiff City Stadium into raptures. Speaking after the game, Bale confirmed he was set to shelve plans of retirement, "for a little bit." Wales boss Rob Page recently said the priority for Bale must be finding a close that supports his personal goals - maintaining fitness and avoiding injury. Page said: "We haven’t got 10 Gareth Bales in that [Wales] changing room. It is harder to do that [at club level]; you do have to have that sort of ‘throw the blanket over all of the players, this is how we’re going to train today’. “That is going to be his [Bale’s] difficulty, finding someone that will manage him. He has to take that responsibility himself and that will determine whether he plays a lot of football because if he’s not able to train like that through the week the manager at the respective club might not want to select him on the weekend. He understands what he needs to do. “Gareth’s problems in the past have been when he’s not been playing week in, week out, and for the Belarus game he came into camp undercooked and ended up getting a little tweak in his calf, so he understands he needs to play. "It is up to him and his family to decide on where is best for him to get in the right frame of mind for November, it’s going to be as simple as that, and it might even be as short term as that.”