Alexander Drueke, 39, and Andy Huynh, 27, both from Alabama, went to Ukraine as volunteer fighters against Russian forces. They have been missing for a week and are feared captured, according to family members.   Reports the pair had been taken as prisoners of war by Russia are unconfirmed, the families and US officials have said. The White House has said it is "working very hard to learn more" about the two. The image appears to show two men in combat gear who appear to be in the back of a vehicle with their hands behind their backs. Express.co.uk has not been able to independently verify the photograph. It was shared from Twitter account DashkoPashko in Donetsk, an industrial city in eastern Ukraine, on Thursday. Washington said on Thursday it has not asked Moscow about two US citizens reported missing after traveling to Ukraine to fight against Russian forces.   The US also said there are reports of a third missing American. US State Department spokesman Ned Price told reporters: "As of today, we have not raised this yet with the Russian Federation... [We] haven't seen anything from the Russians indicating that two such individuals are in their custody." He described the reports about the two men as unconfirmed. Mr Price continued: "There are reports of one additional American whose whereabouts are unknown. Our understanding was that this individual had traveled to Ukraine."  READ MORE ABOUT MALTA'S PASSPORT U-TURN FOR BRITONS   He said the third American had been identified as missing in recent weeks. Mr Drueke and Mr Huynh were last in contact with their families on June 8. The alarm was raised when they failed to return from a mission around the Kharkiv region of eastern Ukraine where they had volunteered to fight. Joy Black, Mr Huynh's fiancee, said: "What we know officially at this point from the State Department is that Andy and Alex are missing.  DON'T MISS: Just Stop Oil protesters block busy city centre road [REPORT] 'It'll kill tourism' Alarm at plans for huge estate on seafront [REVEALED] Mike Tindall branded Prince Harry a 'b*****d' at Palace party [LATEST]  "We do not have confirmation for anything beyond that. "Obviously, the longer the search goes the more we start to consider other scenarios." Russia's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said Washington had not contacted Moscow about reports of the US fighters. The RIA news agency reported Ms Zakharova as saying: "I don't have that information. I check every day and I'll check today. We make all information about the fate of detained mercenaries or those sentenced to trial public."   If the pair have been taken, they would be the first confirmed US citizens to have been seized as prisoners of war in the conflict which is now in its fourth month. White House national security spokesperson John Kirby said if the reports are true, then the United States would do everything it can to get them back. Lois Drueke, Mr Drueke's mother, said she had been in contact with the US Embassy for Ukraine, which was searching for the pair. Both men told their families on June 8 they would be going offline for a few days, but did not provide details in fear of their communications being intercepted.    Mr Drueke served two tours in Iraq, the last as a lead gunner in Baghdad in 2008-09, according to his mother. Mr Huynh is a former US marine who left the service in 2018, his fiancee said. They said the men did not know each other before meeting in Ukraine, but both felt compelled to support the government after seeing pictures of civilian casualties as Russia retreated from towns outside Kyiv in late March. Miss Black said: "When Andy saw this footage coming out of Ukraine he said he couldn't sleep, couldn't eat, was just consumed by the horror that these innocent civilians were going through." Russia denies attacking civilians and has accused Western citizens of acting as "mercenaries", saying Western support for Kyiv is dragging out the conflict and leading to more casualties.   Ms Drueke said: "As a mother, of course I didn't want my child in harm's way, but I knew that it was really important to Alex. He wanted a purpose to his life and he felt that this was good and noble." News of the men's reported capture follows two British citizens and a Moroccan being sentenced to death last week by a separatist court in the unrecognised Russian-speaking Donetsk People's Republic. They too were caught fighting for Ukraine.