In a message issued back in February, the Queen described her “sincere wish” for the Duchess of Cornwall to take the title of Queen Consort when the Prince of Wales, 73, becomes monarch. She wrote in a Jubilee message: “It is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service." But despite Camilla being in line to have a crown placed on her head during Prince Charles’s coronation ceremony, the Duchess was less conspicuous in Royal Family appearances across the Jubilee weekend than Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. Although Camilla “was there by his [Charles’] side when it was appropriate”, it was Kate and William who were “definitely front and centre” for the Firm’s presence at Jubilee events, a royal branding expert has told Express.co.uk. Professor Cele Otnes, co-author of “Royal Fever”, then suggested that Camilla took a step back from the royal limelight perhaps because “there was a choice to not rub the British's nose” in her future prominent role. The two Duchesses often appeared together during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, riding side by side in a carriage procession to Horse Guards Parade. Camilla and Kate travelled to the Major General’s office to watch the Trooping the Colour parade opposite Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. They both attended a service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral the following day, and watched the Platinum Party at the Palace from the royal viewing box. Both Duchesses then joined their husbands for the closing Platinum Jubilee Pageant, which marked the end of the official bank holiday weekend celebrations. At the end of the spectacle, the Queen made a final appearance on the Buckingham Palace balcony with the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and their three young children. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry release emotional statement over Lilibet The senior royals were greeted with a wave of applause as the Queen smiled at the crowds, looking content in a bright green outfit. Following the appearance, Her Majesty, 96, sent a personal message of thanks to all of those across the country who had marked the unprecedented milestone alongside the Royal Family. The Queen, who signed the note from the Palace ‘Elizabeth R’, said she wished to thank the nation "most sincerely" for the "good wishes" and participation "in these happy celebrations". The Queen described feeling "humbled and deeply touched" at the country's celebrations of her jubilee, praising a "togetherness" in the country over the weekend. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: William and Harry IGNORED each other at Jubilee [LIVE] Meghan and Harry 'absolutely’ deserved to be booed [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry have stayed until end of Jubilee? [VOTE] She said in her written message: "When it comes to how to mark 70 years as your Queen, there is no guidebook to follow. "It really is a first. "But I have been humbled and deeply touched that so many people have taken to the streets to celebrate my Platinum Jubilee. "While I may not have attended every event in person, my heart has been with you all; and I remain committed to serving you to the best of my ability, supported by my family. "I have been inspired by the kindness, joy and kinship that has been so evident in recent days, and I hope this renewed sense of togetherness will be felt for many years to come. "I thank you most sincerely for your good wishes and for the part you have all played in these happy celebrations."