Sofas tend to get a lot of attention, and with this attention comes dirt, stains and spillages. And unless your sofa is draped in plastic covers, it's bound to need a thorough clean every once in a while. To preserve the condition of your couch, it’s crucial to know the tips and tricks to remove stains as quickly as they arrive. From red wine stains to a build-up of pet grime, it’s important to get to work on the marks and dirt as soon as you see them. This will prevent any of the damage from setting, making it a much harder job to clean when you do get round to it. However, it’s vital to check the manufacturer's instructions for your sofa before applying any solutions or detergents because this could lead to a bigger mess than what’s already been created. Sofas should come with a cleaning tag, and this will let you know what you can and can’t use on the material. READ MORE: Cleaning: I used a 13p fruit to remove limescale from my kettle   The instructions come in the form of codes and the key for each letter goes as follows: Once you’ve figured out what the material of your sofa allows, you can then get to work with the big clean.  Here are four steps to clean your fabric sofa using baking soda, white vinegar, and washing up liquid to get it looking as good as new. First, brush down the couch using a clean hand towel or a stiff brush. This will help loosen any substances that may have dried to the material, and bring any ingrained dirt to the surface. Run the hoover over the seats to collect all the loose dirt. This will also help the stains and marks become more visible, so you’ll know the key problem areas to target with your stain removing solution. Next, sprinkle baking soda over the entire sofa and let it sit for at least 20 minutes. DON'T MISS: How to clean windows and leave them 'sparkling' [INSIGHT]‘A clear sign’ your bath mat needs washing - ‘convenient way’ to clean [ANALYSIS]How to keep your windows ‘streak-free’ using 26p natural product [EXPLAINED]    This will help remove any odours and loosen any festering stains. Once the baking soda has been absorbed, hoover down the couch using a brush attachment. While the baking soda layers the sofa, take this time to make your own all-purpose cleaner to tackle the stains that haven’t come out. To do this, Molly Maid advises mixing one teaspoon of washing up liquid with one tablespoon of white vinegar and one cup of warm water.  Mix this together before adding one final teaspoon of baking soda. Douse a cloth in the cleaning solution and gently dab the stains on the fabric. If you want a more thorough clean, wipe down the entire sofa with the solution. It’s important to let your sofa have time to dry. Gently pat down the sofa with a dry towel, and try not to sit or place objects on it for a few hours, or at least until it dries out completely. 