Manchester United have turned down Tottenham Hotspur's attempts to sign Marcus Rashford this summer, with the 24-year-old forward set to stay at Old Trafford next season. Tottenham have failed with an audacious bid to lure Rashford away from his boyhood club ahead of the transfer window. United 'rebuffed' their Premier League rivals' approach for Rashford because of his desire to remain in M16, The Times report. The Red Devils informed Spurs that his preference is to impress new manager Erik ten Hag as he enters the final year of his contract. Antonio Conte wants to recruit a forward capable of playing across the forward line and planned to help Rashford rediscover his previous form after a disappointing 2021-22 season. The No 10's English nationality would've helped Spurs meet the home-grown quota, and his contract situation berthed the potential of a cut-price fee. However, Rashford is ready to fight for his United career on the back of a dismal campaign in which he netted just five goals in 32 appearances following shoulder surgery last summer. He accepts his confidence and form haven't been up to standard, but his club plan to put faith in him with a new deal in the coming months. JUST IN: Man Utd target Frenkie de Jong's Barcelona locker 'empty' as Red De... Rashford will get his first opportunity to impress Ten Hag when he meets the Dutchman on June 27, the start of pre-season for those not called up for international duty this month. He will vie to rediscover his confidence and quality during United's pre-season tour, visiting Thailand, Australia and Norway. And while Ten Hag and John Murtough are working closely on adding new names to his squad, the ex-Ajax boss is understood to be convinced of the potential of some underperforming players still at the club. Rashford undoubtedly will fall into that category and, given the lack of depth in attack, could reinstall his starting status when the season commences in August. READ MORE: Man Utd and Chelsea decide to target PSV star Ibrahim Sangare Rashford's downfall last term started in the final weeks of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's tenure as manager and spiralled out of control during Ralf Rangnick's nightmare interim spell. But the England international hit world-class levels under Solskjaer, registering 56 goals and 37 assists across the three seasons before 21-22. He produced those numbers while carrying different knocks as he posed as one of United's leading figures, alongside Bruno Fernandes. But after surgery, he has fully recovered physically, and there is hope he will feel like a new signing in Ten Hag's maiden campaign if he can help him recover mentally too. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.