Liverpool may be able to benefit from Bayern Munich's interest in a move for Sadio Mane by using the 30-year-old as a makeweight to land a new forward of their own. Mane is thought to be keen on finding a new challenge in the not-too-distant future after deciding against inking a new and improved contract at Anfield, with his current deal set to run out at the end of next season. Bayern Munich are believed to be keen admirers of Mane, with some reports having claimed that personal terms have already been agreed between the German heavyweights and the Senegalese forward. Liverpool, meanwhile, are said to be looking for upwards of £40million in order to part ways with Mane over the course of this summer but it remains to be seen whether Bayern Munich will be prepared to play ball.Liverpool will face the possibility of losing Mane on a free transfer next year if they fail to ship him out in the near future, though, which suggests that it would be in their best interests to strike a deal with Bayern Munich over the coming weeks. They could ultimately decide to table the idea of a swap deal in order to ease their bid to source a replacement, with Serge Gnabry one of several Bayern Munich players with the ability to succeed on Merseyside.Sky Sport Germany recently suggested that a part-exchange deal involving Gnabry could take place ahead of next season, with the former Arsenal man already familiar with the trials and tribulations of English football. He ultimately failed to make the cut with the Gunners but has since established himself as one of the Bundesliga's finest wide forwards and is also a regular at international level for Germany. JUST IN: Mohamed Salah’s transfer preference ‘hasn’t gone down well’ Liverpool have previously been credited with an interest in Gnabry, with Jurgen Klopp said to have been a keen admirer of the 26-year-old for some time. Like Mane, his current deal at Bayern Munich is set to expire at the end of next season, which suggests that a swap deal involving both players over the coming weeks could be a welcome solution with the ability to suit all parties.The Reds may face plenty of stiff competition in any potential bid to land Gnabry in exchange for Mane, though, with the likes of Arsenal and Real Madrid having been credited with a shared interest in the Bayern Munich ace over the last few months. However, former Gunners striker Kevin Campbell has already urged Liverpool to push for Gnabry, who he feels would serve as a shrewd replacement for Mane if a swap deal can be arranged before the first ball is kicked next season. "Gnabry is going to be a sought-after player this summer, I know there are a lot of clubs who like him," Campbell recently told Football Insider when quizzed on the possibility of Gnabry joining Liverpool in exchange for Mane."He is a player who will be hotly pursued because he is still relatively young. We are talking about a Germany international who can play on either side, score goals, is quick and direct.“He would be a great signing for Liverpool. There will be a lot of competition for Gnabry though, I think Arsenal would like to speak to him if there is an opportunity." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here