As they met in St Paul's Cathedral for the National Service of Thanksgiving on June 3, Prince Charles exchanged a sweet moment with Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge. The heir to the throne was spotted blowing a kiss to his daughter-in-law and this "off-the-cuff" gesture by Charles has reportedly led Prince Harry and Meghan to feel insulted. Speaking on the latest episode on his YouTube channel, royal expert Neil Sean discussed Charles and Kate's exchange and the Sussexes feelings towards it. Speaking of Charles' gesture, Mr Sean said: "According to a very good source, that's one of the things that Harry and Meghan now feel very slighted by. "[This is] because of what Prince Charles did in the Cathedral." He added: "In fact, some are saying, [this] is the biggest insult that they've received since they departed, of course, and decided to become Megxit." The royal expert continued: "As I've said many times before, you threw down the gauntlet, you said all of those things on TV. "Prince Charles, the Queen, Prince William, [the] Duchess of Cambridge, however, Sophie Wessex, are entitled to react in any way that they wish after what went before." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Disgrace' Call for Harry to lose Prince title when Charles King He added: "Prince Charles, Catherine, William, Harry, and Meghan was there really a bigger insult than that. "I would just say that it was an off-the-cuff thing that Prince Charles did and perhaps [he] just never thought about it as they [William and Kate] were right there in front of him." He noted that Meghan and Harry were "second-tier royals" and were sat in "with normal people, for wanted a better word", so of course, Charles "couldn't do that [to them]. Mr Sean added: "[And] why should he, given what they've done to him. "So fast forward, it looks like this particular slight could end up being one of the biggest talking points in Prince Harry's book". READ MORE: Prince William 'furious' after Kate 'ridiculed' on frontline of Firm Prince Harry and Meghan's visit for the Queen's celebrations was their first official time on UK soil since their royal exit in 2020. In January 2020, the couple announced, via their official Instagram account, that they were to step down as senior working royals. In the statement, under a photograph uploaded of the couple, they stated that their decision came "after many months of reflection and internal discussions". DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's titles spark 'removal discussion' amid royals [INSIGHT]Kate and William 'don't want to be seen cosying up to Harry' - claim [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle 'hoped to reconcile with Kate' for children to bond [VIDEO] Although it was their first official visit, the couple did make a quick pitstop to visit the Queen at Windsor Castle on their way to the Invictus Games in April. During the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, the couple brought along their two children, Archie and Lilibet. Unlike her elder brother, Meghan and Harry's daughter was born in the US and the Jubilee visit marked her first time in the UK. Over the Jubilee weekend, the Queen met her namesake great-granddaughter, who turned one on June 4, in person for the first time. READ NEXT: