Princess Charlotte and her brothers joined other members of the Royal Family to celebrate the final day of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee Celebrations. The royal children could be seen enjoying themselves as they observed the performers pass them by in a wave of colour and music. Mia Tindall and Princess Charlotte could be seen shaking around in their seats following the beat of the music.   But the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's only daughter appeared to keep a keen eye on her surroundings as she immediately intervened when she spotted her cousin Lena struggling to get down from her seat. Charlotte offered her arm for the 3-year-old to take to balance herself as she sat up and joined her older sister in dancing. As the princess helpfully helped her down, Lena then proceeded to start bouncing up and down to the beat. While not dancing herself, Princess Charlotte could be seen enthusiastically clapping away to the music. JUST IN: 'Would have given right arm!' Royalist fury as scores of seats EMPTY for Queen's pageant Prince George and Princess Charlotte joined their parents in the royal box for Saturday night's Party at the Palace, when the monarch received affectionate tributes from the Prince of Wales and national figures - and had tea with Paddington Bear. The Cambridge trio also made their official Trooping the Colour debut on Thursday as they travelled to the service as part of the open carriage procession to Horse Guards Parade. They observed from a building overlooking the parade as their father and grandfather took the salute from the Irish Guards on behalf of the Queen. George and Charlotte also joined their parents in Wales on Saturday as part of the Jubilee celebrations. READ MORE: 'Hilarious!' Cheeky Prince Louis steals the show as he is spotted pulling faces at Kate Ahead of the pageant, Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall joined Charles at a flagship feast at The Oval cricket ground in south London. The Earl and Countess of Wessex met with people creating the "Long Table" down on The Long Walk leading up to Windsor Castle. During the event, Charles said he hoped the nation does not return to "bickering" after the feeling of "togetherness" over the Platinum Jubilee weekend. Some 10,000 people including a cast of 6,000 performers took part in the 3km carnival procession from Horse Guards, along Whitehall to Admiralty Arch, and down The Mall to Buckingham Palace. DON'T MISS... Diversity steal the show at Platinum Party at the Palace [REVIEW]Duchess Kate gets in to party spirit as she sings along  [PHOTOS]Prince George in stitches with his dad William as he attends concert [VIDEO]  The ambitious £15 million pageant was split into four acts: For Queen and Country with a military parade; The Time of Our Lives progressing through seven decades of culture, music, and fashion; Let's Celebrate, telling the story of the Queen's life in 12 chapters with corgi puppets and carnival creations; and the Happy and Glorious musical spectacle. The pageant marked the final day of the four-day weekend celebrations to mark the Queen's 70th year on the throne. Her Majesty attended Trooping the Colour on Saturday, taking the salute as troops headed back towards Buckingham Palace from Horse Guards. But she was forced to shelve plans to attend a thanksgiving service at St Paul's Cathedral after suffering "discomfort" during her balcony appearance.