Having first auditioned for the part on the BBC soap aged 19, Harold has portrayed Lola on and off since 2011. The character has been involved with some challenging storylines including teen pregnancy and most recently her love interest Isaac Baptiste, who was battling schizophrenia, and according to sources is “eager to throw herself” into the upcoming storyline that will be her last. Off-screen, Harold’s rise to fame has at times been as turbulent as an EastEnders storyline. Due to the diagnosis of a "long-term bladder condition", Harold was in and out of hospital. This majorly affected her schooling and the star left with only one GCSE to her name. Going straight into a waitressing job after school the now 30-year-old Londoner admitted that her lifelong acting ambition seemed to be slipping away. However, she soon landed a spot on a Jamie Oliver programme - Jamie’s Dream School. The documentary series, which aired in 2011, saw the TV chef enrolling struggling teens into a special school where they were taught lessons by celebrities and experts in their field. Having thrived on the show, Harold won scholarship money to further her career which she spent on a drama teacher. With the help of her agent, before long she was auditioning for EastEnders.  READ MORE: Cancer warning: Three vitamin supplements linked to an 'elevated' risk of lung cancer  Symptoms of cystitis include: Cystitis is usually caused by bacteria from poo getting into the tube that carries urine out of your body (urethra). Women have a shorter urethra than men. This means bacteria are more likely to reach the bladder and cause an infection. Although the condition does often get better by itself, some individuals may opt to have antibiotics in order to treat the condition. Other ways in which individuals can help to prevent cystitis include: Urinary incontinence is the unintentional passing of urine. It affects millions of people and has several different types including stress incontinence, urge incontinence, overflow incontinence and total incontinence.  The differing types all have slightly different causes, but all can lead to sometimes embarrassing symptoms that can disrupt an individual's everyday life. Some conditions like total incontinence can be caused by a tunnel-like hole that can form between the bladder and a nearby area (fistula), which may need further treatment. Due to this it is advised individuals seek medical advice if they struggle with incontinence. An overactive bladder, sometimes referred to as an OAB, causes frequent and sudden urges to urinate. Difficult to control, OAB can also make individuals feel like they need to pass urine during the night, leading to debilitating symptoms. The Mayo Clinic explains that some individuals are able to manage symptoms with simple lifestyle changes such as dietary changes, timed voiding and bladder-holding techniques using your pelvic floor muscles. However, if these initial efforts don't help enough with your overactive bladder symptoms, additional treatments, such as medication, are available. Similar to cystitis, interstitial cystitis is a condition that causes problems peeing. However, it is often poorly understood and individuals are left with intense pelvic pain and strong sudden urges to pee. In some cases there may be blood in the urine, which should be checked out urgently by a GP.  The exact cause of interstitial cystitis is not clear. However, there are several ideas about what might cause it. These include: Lastly, bladder cancer occurs when a growth of abnormal tissue develops in the lining of the bladder. About 10,000 people are diagnosed with bladder cancer every year, making it the 11th most common cancer in the UK. The NHS explains that most cases of bladder cancer appear to be caused by exposure to harmful substances, which lead to abnormal changes in the bladder's cells over many years. It is important to note that the most common sign of bladder cancer is blood in the urine, along with sudden urges to urinate. If bladder cancer reaches an advanced stage and has spread, symptoms can include: Due to the similarities of symptoms with other conditions, individuals are encouraged to seek medical advice if they notice any of the above. Although it may not be cancer, the disease has a higher chance of being cured if treated in its early stages. 