Charlotte has played the loveable yet troubled Laurel Thomas on Emmerdale since September 2022, with this year marking two decades since she first appeared on-screen. The actress has been at the centre of some huge storylines most recently, her alter-ego has been supporting Nicola King (played by Nicola Wheeler) after she was viciously attacked. Despite being a mother to her own children, the ITV soap star continues to dominate the spotlight, even though she will be marking a huge milestone in the next year. According to the history of the show, the character of Laurel was born on 31 May 1974, which would make her 48 years old. As May has come and gone this year, this means the character won't be having another birthday to celebrate anytime soon. Charlotte's birthday has also happened already this year but she is gearing up for a big one in the next 12 months or so. Marking her birthday on 19 March 1975, the actress is currently 49 years old and will be turning 50 come next spring. It's not known how the soap star marked the occasion a couple of months ago but it was most likely with her husband and their children. READ MORE: 'What right does she have?' Fergie's support for Prince Andrew slammed Having started life in Emmerdale in 2002, the actress would have been around 28 or 29 years old when she landed the role. Charlotte has had roles in other programmes, most notably in EastEnders in 1997 when she was just 24 years old. The actress took on the role of Sue Taylor, who was strong about her religious values, very similar to the family her character found herself in on Emmerdale. It wasn't until she was settled into the village did Charlotte start a family with her husband and she had the three children at various points. At the age of 31 years old she had her first child Sunnie and then just three years later when she was 34, she welcomed Herbie. By the time she was 36 years old, she gave birth to her third child, Teddie, but the couple decided not to have anymore children. The soap star has spoken out about being a working mother, trying to hold down the care for three children whilst also learning scripts to continue Laurel's dramatic life. Charlotte said at the time her character became an alcoholic: "I’ve worked with an amazing woman who’s a recovering alcoholic and has the exact same story as Laurel, so it’s made it very real. "I’ve never liked feeling that I can only relax if I have a glass of wine. "Women feel they have to be super-mum, but my husband, Mungo is a great help. I have a nanny too, but it’s still hectic." DON'T MISS...Charley Webb fears getting into trouble as she teases new role [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock left emotional by Corrie star's declaration [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Leanna flashes taut abs in tiny crop top amid exit [PICTURES] The soap star continued: "There are some mums at school who don’t work and everything is pristine because they have the time. "But I don’t feel guilty. I work long hours, and as long as they get to school and they’re happy, that’s all that matters." Discussing whether her children enjoy the fact their mother is on television, the actress added: "They couldn’t care less. "A lot of kids watch Emmerdale, so they’ll get asked about it, then just move on. "I do always have toys in my handbag on set, but I try to keep work and my home life as separate as I can," she told The Mirror. Charlotte met the father of her children and her husband Mungo Denison when she was 19 years old and they've not looked back since. It wasn't until they had all three of their children and the actress was approaching her 40s did they decide to walk up the aisle. The pair got married in 2012 was this year will mark 10 years since they tied the knot. However, besides being a wife and a character on one of the biggest shows in the country, her responsibility as a mother is the thing she loves the most. She said: "I just adore being a mum. I can't imagine ever being at a point in my life where I wouldn't want another baby. They're just fantastic." Charlotte added: "Mungo and I both come from families with three children and we always said we'd like three ourselves. "Being a mum definitely makes you more responsible but it's the fun stuff that I love," she added in another interview with The Mirror. Although Charlotte's life off-screen is picture-perfect, Laurel's life isn't the greatest at the moment as she has been longing for a new love interest. As well as supporting Nicola she has been trying to go on dates and meet someone new but will she find the man of her dreams? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.