Express Sport readers are far from convinced that Roger Federer is capable of winning another Grand Slam, despite the Swiss legend's defiant claim that he could yet return to the ATP tour in 2023. The 40-year-old has struggled with injury issues for the past few years, and has not played in a competitive match since he lost to Hubert Hurkacz in the Wimbledon quarter-finals last July. Nevertheless, he is hoping to make a comeback at the Laver Cup and at a home tournament in his native Basel later this year, and recently insisted to newspaper Tages-Anzeiger that he "definitely' has a full 2023 season in his sights. However, Federer's hopes of adding to his 20 Grand Slam titles are in serious doubt according to the readers of this publication. Just under 3,700 of you answered the question 'Can Roger Federer win another Grand Slam before he retires', with a whopping 77% (2,804) of respondees opting for 'No'. Just 23% (836) are of the belief that Federer can complete a miracle and win at least one more major title before he hangs up his racket. Further discussing his future plans, Federer added: "I haven't planned more than the Laver Cup and Basel yet. After Basel, the season is over anyway. "It's important for me to get fit again so that I can train fully. Once I've done that, I can choose how many tournaments I play and where. The Laver Cup is a good start, I don't have to play five matches in six days. I will have be able to do that in Basel. But I'm hopeful, I've come a long way. I'm not far away..." Meanwhile, he was also full of praise for his long-time rival Rafael Nadal, who has won the Australian and French Opens so far this year to move two clear of Federer and Novak Djokovic to a total of 22 Grand Slams throughout his career. "In general, it's just unbelievable what Rafa has achieved," he continued. "The record of Pete Sampras, which I beat, was 14 Grand Slam titles. "Now Rafa won the French Open 14 times. That's unbelievable. I was happy for him that he did it again. Hats off to Rafa. After the 10th, 11th time, I already thought, 'This can't be'. He keeps raising the bar. It's gigantic."