Day one of Wimbledon has already succumb to the weather conditions with rain delaying play with Cam Norrie in action. Weather forecasts for Monday predicted rain to hit Wimbledon around 11.30am BST and stay around for a few hours.  Play on the outside courts got underway at 11am with Norrie in action against Pablo Andujar. And he had already wrapped up the opening set 6-0 before the rain began to fall. Play was quickly suspended with groundskeepers rushing to pull the rain cover over the courts. It's set to be a mixed bag for weather over the course of the two-week tournament. Spokesman for the Met Office, Marco Petagna, said: “The first half of the week, the impression is a lot of bright dry weather with a small chance of showers coming in. “It is really the second half of the week that there will be a greater chance of showers breaking out. Temperatures are generally going to be around average so highs of 21C.” He added: He said: “The trend is that things get a bit more settled as we head into July so a better chance of more settled weather developing in that second week and possibly a little bit warmer as well.” While play on the outside courts is affected, there won't be any problems on Centre Court and Court One. Novak Djokovic is scheduled to open play on Centre Court when he faces Soonwoo Kwon. Emma Raducanu makes her Wimbledon return in the match scheduled after Djokovic with Andy Murray playing last on the showpiece court. Ons Jabeur, who became the first Tunisian player in history to reach the quarter-finals of Wimbledon last year, is first up on Court One. Then No 5 seed Carlos Alcaraz will face German star Jan-Lennard Struff with 2018 Wimbledon champion Angelique Kerber last on Court One. But if the rain stays and delays action on the outside courts for a long period, Wimbledon officials may schedule other matches in the main two arenas with roofs. Djokovic remains the pre-tournament favourite having not suffered defeat at Wimbledon since 2016. But the Serbian could well come up against Rafael Nadal in the final, who is gunning for the Calendar Slam this year. Nadal has already won both the Australian Open and French Open to move to 22 major titles. 