Queen Elizabeth II is in Edinburgh this week for Holyrood Week. It is tradition for Her Majesty to visit the Scottish capital every year during this time. The Queen was photographed today attending an armed forces act of loyalty parade in the gardens of the Palace of Holyroodhouse, Edinburgh. The parade was held in celebration of the monarch’s Platinum Jubilee. Her Majesty looked ravishing in an all-lilac outfit and matching hat. The Queen represented Scotland’s national flower, the thistle, by donning a lilac coat dress, which had a thistle-shaped brooch pinned to its lapel.  The brooch was silver and featured a purple amethyst stone atop the thistle. This was pinned to the coat dress’ left lapel. The coat dress reached her Majesty’s knees and had long sleeves. It also featured shiny purple embellishments, which looked like buttons, running down the left-hand side. DON'T MISS: Effective way to remove toilet limescale with ‘no scrubbing required’ [EXPERT]Queen’s go-to takeaway she enjoys when in Balmoral [INSIDER]‘Effective’ way to ‘improve sagging skin and cellulite’ - no surgery [BEAUTY] These button-like adornments were also on the Queen’s hat, which was boat-shaped and the same colour as the coat dress. The Queen accessorised with her iconic three strings of pearls around her neck and a pair of matching pearl earrings. She also wore white gloves and carried a black handbag. On her feet, the monarch donned her usual black loafers with tiny gold buckles. Her Majesty’s make-up look was subtle, apart from a slick of coral-coloured lipgloss. Royal fans were quick to praise the Queen’s all-purple look. Twitter user @ClaraYdelos wrote: “I love this colour on HMTQ!” User @crowndefensx said: “She looks much, much better and that makes me so happy!” The Queen’s first appearance in Edinburgh was yesterday, where she attended the Ceremony of the Keys at the Palace of Holyroodhouse. For the occasion, Her Majesty opted for a light blue coat and matching hat. The hat was straw and featured a ribbon around its middle, as well as purple and white flowers. Her coat had large gold buttons running down the centre and smaller gold buttons lining the sleeves.