Tottenham have begun swap deal talks with Villarreal for Pau Torres in a move that would see Giovani Lo Celso join the Yellow Submarine on a permanent basis, according to reports from Italy. Spurs are keen to continue their productive start to the summer transfer window and next on their agenda is a left-sided centre-back to complete Antonio Conte's defence. Talks are also underway for Inter Milan's Alessandro Bastoni but there's an appreciation that he wants to stay at the San Siro. And it appears Tottenham are not prepared to wait around as they seek to beat Manchester United to Spanish international defender Torres. According to Sky Italia, Spurs are now in talks with Villarreal over a swap deal involving Lo Celso. The Argentine international spent the second half of last season on loan in La Liga and helped Villarreal reach the Champions League semi-finals. READ MORE: Tottenham up ante for Djed Spence as Fabio Paratici pursues third summer transfer deal Now he's wanted back at Estadio de la Ceramica and the most viable operation for all parties involves Torres, who is a transfer target for Tottenham. He is valued at close to £50m, while Tottenham are looking to recoup around £20m for Lo Celso. It means Spurs are highly likely to also pay an additional cash figure on top of any transaction, although it's not yet clear whether this move will go ahead. As mentioned, Tottenham are also keen to pursue Bastoni, who is their top defensive target. DON'T MISSTottenham up ante for Djed Spence as Fabio Paratici pursues third summer transfer dealTottenham set price to seal Alessandro Bastoni transfer with Inter Milan 'willing to sell'Tottenham chief Fabio Paratici 'already held January talks' over discreet summer deal And if they are somehow able to entice the Italian international into a move to north London, a move for Torres could be placed on the back burner. Conte wants a left-footed defender for the left side of his back-three and Bastoni is the club's primary target. But he has now laid on record that he intends to stay with Inter Milan this summer and a deal looks far from straightforward. Newcastle and AC Milan target Sven Botman is another defender Tottenham have been tipped to consider. Manchester United are hot on the trail of Torres, although they're yet to fully commit to signing the Spaniard. Erik ten Hag remains keen on signing his former Ajax star Jurrien Timber, while his international manager Louis van Gaal has warned the youngster over the move. Van Gaal has questioned whether it's the right time for such a big transfer with the World Cup just around the corner. Ajax are prepared to offer Timber a new contract and the player himself has said he knows Amsterdam is the best place for his development. Now it's clear United will have to move quickly if they are to pip Tottenham to Torres with talks between Spurs and Villarreal already underway.