However, they were proven to have missed the mark by some distance. The controversial scheme to send certain male migrants on a trip to Rwanda to have their rights to claim asylum processed had been before courts in this country on three occasions. The Supreme Court had viewed the rulings and seen no grounds to warrant its involvement.  That is probably what was behind the supreme confidence seen on the faces of the Government, from the PM down, during the early part of last week. Then the number of migrants facing deportation dropped from 130 to 80, then 31, then 24 and finally eight. And they hadn't allowed for the European Court of Human Rights... Were you really that surprised when an unknown, unaccountable European judge sitting in an after-hours session in Strasbourg - relying only on written depositions and hearing no live evidence from either party - decreed that the debut flight could not take off? The Government had always conceded this was going to be tough and had even hinted some laws might need to change. So it came as little surprise when Home Secretary Priti Patel doubled down after the ruling went against the scheme she has lauded and insisted the Government would stick with it. Campaigners, lawyers and Labour politicians went - predictably - into overdrive, declaring the policy was "unethical" and "shamed the nation". Utter nonsense. What might "shame" a nation is that, faced with the heartless and too often fatal trade of human trafficking across the English Channel, a government chooses to do nothing. Few, if any, government ministers see this as the perfect solution, because it is palpably not. But it is at least an attempt to stop an evil trade that last year accounted for the deaths of scores of innocent people.  However, before you write this off as a total clustershambles for the Government, can I suggest you pause a moment. This was a case of unknown, unaccountable judges in Europe halting the due processes of British law. The ECHR has a long and often shameful track record of making decisions against the interests of the people of this country. In the past, terrorists have been spared deportation, police warned off from deploying stop and search and a killer given the right to vote. Add to that the cabal of usual suspects who vociferously protested against the deportations, and you start to get to the question of who actually runs the country? Unelected judges in Strasbourg along with a gaggle of Leftie lawyers and crusties lying in the road trying to stop traffic? Or the police and a government elected democratically by the people? Suddenly, a government that has been on the back foot and receiving no end of criticism has a narrative of standing up to Europe to respect law and order in this country. And Boris Johnson's track record of taking on faceless European institutions looking to bully the UK makes for impressive reading. Never mind membership of the ECHR has nothing to do with being in the EU - in the minds of many the die is cast.  A poll shows 44 per cent of the public are in favour of the Rwanda policy - with support gaining strength the further one ventures away fromWestminster. Once again, the ghastly, arrogant "we know better" attitude of the London elite rears its ugly head. And if you study the picture above, the assertion that some of these are not asylum seekers, but economic migrants, seems entirely plausible. We know the Rwanda solution is flawed. But watching the thousands of people arriving in the country each week, and being allowed in with cursory checks, while knowing others perish at sea, is even worse.  This week will be utter chaos on the nation's railways as the strike sees around half of the network close. Entire cities and towns will be cut off, work disrupted, patients barred from attending vital medical appointments and pupils missing exams crucial to determining their future and potential university places. If you want to get to London from Newcastle you'll have to leave at lunchtime, and from Birmingham or Liverpool you'll have to depart before tea. The railway industry had billions poured into it during the pandemic and is sustained, despite rapidly declining numbers due to "working from home". Is it too much to ask for some moderation in response?  A row is festering between Elvis Costello and Rod Stewart over the latter's performance at the Queen's Platinum Jubilee concert. Costello, 67, described Stewart's rendition of Sweet Caroline as very disappointing (all right, I've changed the word, but that would never have got into print!) Stewart has claimed his singing, which would have had most begging for mercy, was poor as he had contracted Covid. But why the row over that particular number? The singing was anything but plain "Sailing" the minute he opened his mouth.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The sheer gall of Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon clearly knows no bounds. She has made plain she wants to press ahead with a referendum on Scottish independence next year, despite the Prime Minister refusing to give her the necessary powers. Legally, this will have as much relevance as asking for a show of hands in a Glasgow pub late on a Saturday night. But that won't stop her. As the once proud nation she leads watches as its once world-class education system declines to an embarrassment, and the life expectancy of some parts of Glasgow sinks below that of third world countries, she is desperate to ensure focus is directed elsewhere. The good folk of Scotland deserve much better.  By this time next week, the Conservatives may have lost two more by-elections, this time in Tiverton & Honiton and Wakefield. Speculation will be rife that the end is nigh for Boris Johnson and he is set to be toppled. The truth will be, it isn't and he won't. Speaking of, the PM is in need of a new ethics adviser. Might I suggest Hunter Biden, son of the US President? There's little mystery as to why this week's recommendation is such a popular choice - it's crisp, aromatic and just perfect to accompany fresh summer salads. This Mystery Bay Sauvignon Blanc is £9 at Marks & Spencer. 