Rafael Nadal has been told he “got a bit lucky” that his French Open semi-final against Alexander Zverev ended with an early injury retirement for the German. The pair had been playing for three hours and had only just reached a second-set tiebreak when the third seed injured his ankle and was taken off court in a wheelchair, re-emerging on crutches to retire and thank the crowd. Nadal advanced to a 14th French Open final with Zverev’s injury retirement on Friday, and will now face Casper Ruud for a record-extending 14th title in Paris and 22nd overall Grand Slam. And the Spaniard has been told that the early end to his semi-final has “saved him” ahead of the championship match. Both sets had surpassed the 90 minute mark, despite the second set being cut short when Zverev injured his ankle, and three-time former champion Mats Wilander admitted that the 13-time former champion was lucky to have the match end early so he wasn’t tired for the final or bothered by his opponent’s game. "This is very special that Rafa has reached the final yet again. The first two sets today were insane, the tennis was unbelievable,” he told Eurosport. “I think it's put in the shadow because of the injury, but I have to say I think he got a bit lucky that it ended before the five or six hour mark because he looked a little worn, mostly because of Sascha's game and tactics, I have to say.” JUST IN: Djokovic receives backing as Serb 'happy' Wimbledon punished by ATP   And former British No 1 Tim Henman agreed that it was good for the 36-year-old to get off court as early as possible to recover in time for Sunday’s final. He said: “To have been on court for three hours and not even finished the second set, Nadal definitely wouldn't have wanted to win in this fashion, but he has saved himself at least another three hours of work - that could easily have been a six-hour match. “If he had have gone through, having played six hours, that is asking so much of him to recover for the final.” The retired pro also backed the Spaniard to have played himself into the match if it continued but knew his chances of winning the title were better with less time on court.  DON'T MISSMurray opens up to Foster on his tennis future and retirement fearsWimbledon ban divides tennis fans after Djokovic and Nadal speak outDjokovic coach backtracks with new Nadal claim after French Open loss  "Rafa today just didn't look like he had so much energy at the start today, but sometimes he just plays himself into these matches,” he said after the match ended with Nadal leading 7-6(8) 6-6. “Yes, he doesn't want to go five sets, but he has got time, he doesn't panic - even being 6-2 down in that first set tie-break, the shots he came up with on set point. I don't know why we continue to doubt him. His shot-making skills are just incredible.” 