On the episode of Homes Under the Hammer, presenter Martin Roberts was pleasantly surprised with the property. The two-bedroom terraced home was located in Stoke-on-Trent, with a guide price of £59,000. Martin said: “The property I’m here to see is right on this fairly busy main road, but it sounds quite appealing.” Upon entering, viewers could see the state the home was in, which Martin said gave a “nice impression”. He added: “Nice high ceilings, some original features still in place, which is always good to see. “It looks like somebody’s done a bit of work to sort this place out.” The home consisted of two living areas, a kitchen and a downstairs bathroom. Upstairs there were two decent sized bedrooms. READ MORE: How to clean duvet and pillows without washing machine ‘Kills germs’ Martin said: “You could really transform the kitchen with some downlight and then the units, your first port of call is if you can reuse the units that are already there. “Very classic layout, you walk towards the back of the property and it’s the bathroom….it has a nice feel to it. “You know, the high ceilings, and it just feels a bit more spacious than the average terrace.” Out the back of the property there was a small courtyard area. DON'T MISS:Lawn: How to get ‘luscious’ green grass within a ‘few hours’ [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans’ 15p tip for cleaning electric hobs - ‘holy grail’ [INSIGHT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer transforms listed building for £14k [PICTURES] So who purchased the property when it went to auction? The successful bidder was Jason, who purchased the home for £73,000. Joining Martin back at the property, Jason said he loved renovating property and using his DIY skills to make costs cheaper. With a budget of up to £15,000, the property owner had a time scale of around four months. Jason also said the house needed very little work doing to it. He wanted to put new carpets in as well as do a “simple decorate”. This included a new lick of paint. Homes Under the Hammer returned to Jason’s property once the renovation work had been completed. The windows had been restored and painted and new gutters had been fitted too. The living room had also enjoyed a new lick of paint as well as new grey carpets. Upstairs, the hallway and bedrooms had new carpets and different coloured paint. Jason said he managed to do “90 percent” of the work himself, along with some help from his cousin. After decorating the home, Jason said he ended up spending £11,000 for the work. This means his total investment cost him £84,000. A local estate agent visited the home after completion to share their thoughts on the property and how much it could now sell for. They said: “If we were to put the property on the market, I would recommend a figure in the region of £110,000.” A sales price of £110,000 would mean a healthy pre-tax profit of £26,000.” With a guide price of £59,000, Jason has nearly doubled the property’s value. Jason’s plan was to sell the property on to another owner.