Jenny (played by Sally Ann Matthews) will soon be faced with a dilemma over her boyfriend Leo (Joe Frost) in upcoming scenes on Coronation Street. They have been getting serious about each other in recent months and Leo has even introduced Jenny to his flatmates and asked if she would meet his parents. However, will Jenny be left heartbroken when a lie of hers is exposed by Leo? The drama is set to unfold on the ITV soap next week when Leo tells his beau how much he has enjoyed brewing his own beer in the cellar at The Rovers.In an attempt to be supportive, Jenny has an idea and reveals his home brew can be the guest ale at the pub.However, the landlady is soon faced with a difficult decision when she samples Leo's ale and realises it tastes vile.When Leo tells her how much he is looking forward to the beer tasting, Jenny and barmaid Daisy Midgeley (Charlotte Brown) look awkward.  READ MORE: Queen shocks fans in brilliant Paddington skit How will they break the news to Leo without hurting his feelings?Things have been looking promising for the couple who have gotten very close in recent weeks, so Jenny will have to tread carefully in a bid not to offend him.Perhaps Jenny might decide to lie to Leo to avoid confronting him altogether.Will she use another type of ale, which she likes the taste of, and pretend it is Leo's brew? There is a chance Leo will never realise his ale is not being served at the pub, but it would be a risky decision if he ordered a pint of it and thought it tasted different to his ale.He is bound to be left disappointed if Jenny lies to him and might struggle to trust her again going forward.Would he go as far as to break up with Jenny if he found out she had been lying to him?Perhaps Daisy will break the news to Leo that she and Jenny can't sell his ale at the pub as Jenny doesn't have the heart to do so. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street: Max Turner forgets past as he dates new love  [SPOILER]Coronation Street theory: Nicky Wheatley loses custody of daughter [EXCLUSIVE]Coronation Street fans 'work out' Toyah's killer plan as Imran exits [THEORY] Daisy actress Charlotte has spoken to Express.co.uk and other media about what it is like to work with Jenny actress Sally.When asked whether she enjoys working with her co-star, Charlotte explained: "Of course I do. She’s a queen."I think that me feeling so comfortable on the street so early on was maybe down to Sally. She was really welcoming."She really took me under her wing. Yes, I think she's a legend." Jenny has watched her stepdaughter Daisy cause a whole lot of commotion since she arrived on Coronation Street back in 2020.Will Daisy tell Leo that Jenny is not a fan of his ale to drive a wedge between them?Daisy is currently single and is known for being the jealous type, so will she want to tear Leo and Jenny apart so the landlady is left alone too?Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays on ITV at 8pm.