Lewis Hamilton has been hired as a producer to work on a new F1 film, which is set to be made by Apple Studios. The movie, which is yet to be given a title, will also star Hollywood royalty Brad Pitt as the main character. Pitt will take on the role of a veteran driver who comes out of retirement to mentor a young racer as his team-mate. The 58-year-old is said to be a big motorsport fan and has attended a number of Grands Prix in the past as well as officially starting the 84th edition of the 24 Hours Of Le Mans race in 2016. In addition to Hamilton and Pitt’s Plan B Entertainment, the film will be produced by Jerry Bruckheimer, who co-produced the NASCAR action-drama Days of Thunder starring Tom Cruise and Chad Omen. Meanwhile, renowned sports and media talent manager Penni Thow will be an executive producer. Hamilton and Thow already work together after the F1 superstar teamed up with the Canadian last year to help him build his Project 44 business. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton cautioned over Mercedes taking a step back in Baku    The movie is set to be directed by Joseph Kosinski, who oversaw Top Gun: Maverick, another film starring Cruise and the sequel to the 1986 original which catapulted the actor into the Hollywood limelight. And Top Gun: Maverick screenwriter Ehren Kruger has already reportedly written the screenplay for the F1 film. In March, Apple also landed the rights to a documentary about Hamilton’s groundbreaking life and distinguished career in Formula One. And the media giant saw off competition from Paramount, MGM, Sony, Universal, Disney, Netflix and Amazon in a bidding war for the rights to create the new F1 film. But it is unknown when filming for their latest project will begin and when it will be released. DON'T MISS Lewis Hamilton has four-word response on retirement rumours Hamilton rules out Ferrari move as Brit vows to stay loyal to Mercedes Hamilton feud with Verstappen continues as sponsor make 'correction'     Motorsport films and documentaries have proved to be a big hit with viewers in recent times, with Netflix’s Drive to Survive pulling in a huge audience, while F1 film Rush, which starred Chris Hemsworth and Daniel Bruhl as James Hunt and Niki Lauda, was a big hit in cinemas. Hamilton, meanwhile, is no stranger to the big screen and had cameos in front of the camera in Cars 2 and 3 and Zoolander 2, while he also appeared in computer game Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare. And in 2019, the 37-year-old said: “I don't know if I am ever going to be good at movies, but I'll give it a try.” 