Just before his 16th birthday, Johnny was given the “surprise” diagnosis of type 1 diabetes. From thirst to tiredness, his symptoms were “typical 4Ts”. Here’s how to spot the warning signs of high blood sugar levels. Although everyone with diabetes can experience different symptoms, Diabetes UK notes that there are some “common” signs that might be expected. In Johnny’s case, the symptoms were the “typical 4 Ts” - thirst, thin, tired, toilet. He was constantly thirsty, experienced unexplained weight loss, “extreme” fatigue, and found himself going to the loo a lot. However, he was taking another medication at first which may have masked some of these tell-tale signs. READ MORE: High cholesterol: 'Eat plenty' of a particular food to reduce the amount 'absorbed'  After coming off this medication, Johnny’s doctor recognised the symptoms during a check-up. Tests revealed type 1 diabetes, which at first proved difficult for his family. According to the NHS, type 1 diabetes symptoms are similar to what Johnny described. However, there might also be some warning signs cropping up in your vision or breath.   The NHS shares that the full list of symptoms may include: The health service notes that type 1 diabetes symptoms can appear quickly, especially in children. If you or your child experience any of these symptoms, it’s important to see a GP. After receiving the diagnosis, Johnny had to figure out how to manage his newly diagnosed condition. Fortunately, he managed to quickly work out how to control his type 1 diabetes, through routine, diet and exercise. Although diabetes comes hand in hand with constant finger pricking to keep track of glucose levels in the blood, Johnny has a handy tool that removes the constant pricks. He uses Abbott’s FreeStyle Libre 2 system, which includes a sensor he wears on the back of his upper arm, measuring his glucose levels. While he doesn’t have to prick his fingers to monitor his high blood sugar levels, he still has to use insulin. As type 1 diabetes is characterised by the inability to produce the hormone, he needs to inject insulin to help control his glucose levels. Johnny has also taken to TikTok to interact with others living with the condition and raise awareness about his diagnosis. He is capturing his type 1 diabetes journey and sharing it with the nearly 300k followers he has gained so far.