In the latest episode of the AMC crime drama, Howard Hamlin (played by Patrick Fabian) was murdered after the sudden appearance of cartel leader Lalo Salamanca (Tony Dalton). Better Call Saul fans will now have to wait over a month to find out what happens next but, until then, co-creator Peter Gould has the latest on what fans should expect from the final chapter of the hit Breaking Bad prequel. The two worlds of Jimmy McGill/Saul Goodman (Bob Odenkirk) finally collided in Better Call Saul’s midseason finale, Plan and Execution. Jimmy has been plotting rival attorney Howard’s downfall with his wife Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn) all season. And their schemes came to a head in devastating fashion thanks to a surprise visit from Lalo in the midseason finale after seemingly ruining Howard's career in embarrassing circumstances in front of his peers. Although the reason for Lalo’s whereabouts will remain a mystery until the series returns, showrunner Peter revealed it was always the plan for the cartel boss to coincide with Jimmy’s lawyer buddy at some point. READ MORE: 'Where's Tom Jones?' Viewers torn as Diana Ross closes Jubilee concert “At the beginning of the season, we started talking about our two big problems,” the showrunner explained. “How is Jimmy and Kim’s scheme against Howard going to play out, and what is Lalo’s next move?” Despite being the two biggest thorns in Jimmy’s side for the past couple of seasons, this was the first time Lalo and Howard have met in the series. While their first interaction was always going to be a huge moment for Better Call Saul, fans certainly weren’t expecting Howard to be immediately taken out by the ruthless enforcer. Peter explained the kernels of season six’s brutal cliffhanger fell into place after determining the cataclysmic conclusion to the previous instalment. He told Variety: “As we left him last season, Lalo survived this attack on his hacienda, and he walks away with murder in his eyes. “But what does that mean? What’s he actually going to do?” As Peter and his co-writer Vince Gilligan pondered the direction of Better Call Saul’s final season, they soon realised a meeting of Jimmy/Saul’s two worlds was inevitable. DON'T MISS:The Sandman backlash: Comic fans slam ‘disappointing’ first-look [REACTION]NCIS’ Brian Dietzen speaks out on effect of Mark Harmon exit [INTERVIEW]Conversations With Friends director on Rooney’s next book [INSIGHT] Both Better Call Saul’s flash-forwards to Jimmy’s life as Gene Takavic and his Breaking Bad stint have already revealed the shady lawyer’s life was completely upended by the events leading up to meeting Walter White (Bryan Cranston). In order to catch him up with the original series, Jimmy’s double life has to completely collapse in on itself, and what better way to do so than a face-to-face with his two most persistent adversaries? “As we started talking about those characters’ plans, it struck us that maybe there’s an intersection,” Peter continued. “Maybe there’s a way to dovetail these things. We’re always looking for ways for these stories to collide, and boy this is certainly the biggest collision we’ve had.” Previewing how the next six episodes could unravel, he added: “As we leave them, Lalo is in that apartment, and there’s a lot more that can happen. “And Lalo, by the way, is there for a reason, and we don’t quite know what the reason is yet. “So there’s absolutely a question of where the responsibility lies. And that’s definitely a very interesting thing to keep talking about.” The mercifully short hiatus will nevertheless prove to be one of the most agonising waits for Better Call Saul fans yet before the series’ final chapter finally puts a cap on Peter and Vince’s epic crime saga. Better Call Saul season 6, part 2 will begin Monday, July 11 on AMC in the USA, and the following Tuesday on Netflix.