The youngest granddaughter of the Queen shot a confident smile and wave as she joined her mother Sophie, Countess of Wessex, her brother James, Viscount Severn, and father Prince Edward on the carriage. The carriage drive took them to Horse Guards Parade, where they joined other members of the Royal Family, including Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, and Prince Harry.    Royal enthusiast @atiqah_aryani cooed over Lady Louise's rare public outing, writing on Twitter: "She’s blossomed into an elegant lady!" Royal fan @KaylaAdams___ tweeted: "The Countess of Wessex and Lady Louise matching in pink." A royal watcher, @aryamrosi, quipped: "Lady Louise could easily drive that carriage herself thanks to Prince Phillip’s teaching."    Lady Louise is believed to have a close relationship with her grandmother, and shared many interests with the late Duke of Edinburgh. Among them was a love of carriage driving, which Lady Louise is thought to have inherited from Prince Philip. The carriage brought the Wessexes to Horse Guards Parade, where they joined the rest of the Royal Family to watch the parade from the Major General's Office. The teenage royal, 18, was elegant in a bright dress next to her brother, James, 14, who attended the event in a smart black suit. READ MORE: Queen adds EXTRA date to Jubilee calendar - despite health fears  Just ahead of the Wessexes, the Duchess of Cambridge arrived with Princes George and Louis and Princess Charlotte in tow. The young royals looked smart and content as they sat opposite their mother and the Duchess of Cornwall, heading into Horse Guards Parade together. The Trooping the Colour parade marks the first official event of the weekend's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The elaborate spectacle features 1,400 guards, 200 horses and 400 musicians. DON'T MISS: Jubilee LIVE: Protestors invade the Mall - police forced to act [LIVE] Trooping the Colour LIVE: George, Charlotte and Louis steal show [REVEAL] POLL: Should the jubilee always be a bank holiday in the UK? [VOTE] Many of the senior royals will later gather on the Buckingham Palace balcony to watch the closing RAF flypast. Lady Louise and James, Viscount Severn count themselves among the exceptions to the Queen's rule on working royals appearing on the balcony for the major moment. The two children of the Earl and Countess of Wessex, who do not hold HRH titles, are scarcely seen at royal engagements. The Wessex children, along with Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, will be among the gathered group, despite not being old enough to be considered senior working Royal Family members. Buckingham Palace said the Queen had made the decision after "careful consideration". The Palace explained in a statement: “After careful consideration, the Queen has decided this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday 2nd June will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the royal family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen.” 