With the heatwave in full swing today, it’s likely Britons will be wanting to bring the outside in and fill their homes with fresh summer flowers. However, in this extreme heat, flowers can go limp and look a bit lifeless. For those looking to keep their cut flowers looking fresh for longer in the heat, greetings card company thortful.com have shared their five simple tricks which includes using a fizzy drink. Cut flowers have their own specific plant feed. Giving flowers some food will increase the chance of them staying fresh for longer. One trick many homeowners may not be aware of is using fizzy drinks to feed cut flowers. Instead of plant food, a bit of fizzy drink can be mixed in with the water before pouring it into the vase. READ MORE: Cleaning: Paint roller hack leaves windows ‘sparkling in minutes’ Sugar is one of the best ways to keep cut flowers fresh. Fizzy drinks like lemonade are ideal as they won’t discolour the vase of water. Use the full sugar varieties of lemonade to give the flowers a boost. Cut flower owners will want to put around a quarter of a cup of lemonade in with the water.  DON'T MISSHomes Under the Hammer buyer boosts property value by £75k [INSIGHT]I tried Elbow Grease’s £1 All Purpose Degreaser spray - results [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ way to brighten clothing and bedding [ANALYSIS] Vases that are too big or too small for flowers can lead to flowers withering more quickly. The vase also needs to be cleaned with soap and water before flowers are put in. Bacteria can grow in vases that are used regularly which can cause flowers to wither more quickly. Cut flowers can become dehydrated so it’s best to avoid putting them on windowsills where there’s lots of sunlight. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Areas of the home where there is lots of heat and humidity should be avoided all together. Choose a shady area so ensure flowers stay fresh for longer. It’s important to cut flower stems at a 45-degree angle and remove any unnecessary leaves before putting them in the vase. Cutting the stems helps them to absorb the water better. Removing any unnecessary leaves at the bottom of the stem will lessen the chance of infection as leaves can start to rot in the vase, causing the flowers to wilt more quickly. The experts at thortful said fresh flowers will need a big drink in the hot weather. Check the water levels in the vase every day and top up when needed. Misting the flowers and cutting the stems again will also help keep flowers fresh.