Several photos showing the Duchess of Cambridge wearing army camouflage and military gear were uploaded to social media to mark Armed Forces Day over the weekend. However, while the snaps came as Kate Middleton thanked servicemen across the UK, they have also been considered similar to those taken of Princess Diana in the late 1980s. Diana, the late Princess of Wales, was snapped in a similar uniform during a visit to the Royal Hampshire Regiment at Tidworth in 1988. Kate's visit took place almost 60miles away from Tidworth at Pirbright's Army Training Centre. Alongside her social media post, the Duchess said: "Today on Armed Forces Day, William and I would like to pay tribute to the brave men and women, past and present, serving in all of our armed forces, at sea, on land and in the air, here in the UK and around the world." She added: "Thank you for all you and your families sacrifice to keep us safe. JUST IN: 'Shaken!' Crown Princess Mary pulls 16-year-old son out of school amid bullying scandal "Last year, I was honoured to spend time with the British Army to see how they train serving personnel and new recruits. "It was wonderful to see first-hand the many important and varied roles the military play day in, day out to protect us all and I look forward to discovering more about the Royal Navy and Royal Air Force in due course." Despite a noticeable comparison with Princess Diana, some social media users thought the Duchess could not pull it off quite as well as her husband's late mother. One user, operating under the Twitter handle @InftDev, said: "Nice pose but no one can imitate Diana not today and not tomorrow." READ MORE: Spat as Sussex Squad warned by Kate and Will's supporters she will 'continue to rise' However, the British Army voiced its appreciation for the Duchess. The Army's official Twitter account responded: "Please visit us again soon."Other users also complimented Kate for her post. One fan using the username @Kelowna74 commented on the post: "Fantastic, so much enthusiasm from Catherine. “She a real credit to the UK, Royal Family and the monarchy." DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry's California nicknames exposed! Duchess' new friend lets slip in post [LATEST]Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry speak of family moments at Jubilee? [INSIGHT]Royal poll: Should the Royal Family give up trying to keep the Commonwealth? [ANALYSIS]