Charley Webb, who is best known for her role as Debbie Dingle on Emmerdale, took to Instagram and shared some news yesterday. It comes months after the 34-year-old shocked fans when the soap star announced she wouldn't be returning to her role on the soap after 19 years on the ITV programme. The mum-of-three appeared to hint she would be back on TV screens in due course as she teased a new project. Taking to her Instagram stories, Charley shared a photo of her slippers while sitting in a car. In view of her 563,000 followers, she captioned the post: "The slippers are coming to work with me today." Charley later reposted a story from actor Kris Hitchin, who most recently starred alongside Sheridan Smith in BBC drama Four Lives. READ MORE: Victoria Beckham stuns in tight bodysuit in bathroom selfie Kris captioned the post: "Making a brew with @miss_charleywebb." The move comes months after the Debbie Dingle actress confirmed her departure from Emmerdale after almost two decades. Over the top of a picture of her, husband Matthew and their three kids, she wrote: "This is always my most asked question but I've never answered it before because I've never wanted to make a big deal of it. "I left to have Ace 2 years ago. I went back at the end of last year for 10 weeks to complete a storyline. "So, I guess officially it's been a year. I never felt the need to announce it which is why we didn't." An Emmerdale spokesperson told The Sun at the time that there "are no current plans" for Debbie to return to the show. It came after Charley's co-star husband Matthew Wolfenden, 41, was caught up in a row on set. Charley's beau Matthew, who portrays David Metcalfe, returned to set following an alleged "race row", which reportedly took place during the on-location shoot for the serial drama’s survival week. DON'T MISS... 'With a heavy heart' Monty Don inundated with support over decision[LATEST]Harrison Wagner dead: General Hospital’s Jack Wagner's son dies at 27[TRIBUTES]Oti Mabuse admits her ‘massive’ boobs left her ‘in tears’[PICTURES] An investigation was launched in the aftermath of the clash, and Matthew and co-star Isabel Hodgins were temporarily written out of the show. Matthew and Isabel are said to "categorically deny all the allegations". Meanwhile, Charley took to social media today and revealed she suffered a scare at her home where she jokingly threatened to sell her home. Sharing a selfie, while holding a mug, the actress penned: "Good morning my fellow spider haters. "I'd say 98 per cent of you told me to move house which is absolutely my own thoughts. "Luckily, my friend got it and took it far, far away for me, so I'm not putting my house up for sale just yet." She added: "I absolutely cannot cope with them on any level and if I'd have been on my own and I couldn't have moved it, I'd have definitely sold the house." Emmerdale airs tonight on ITV at 7.30pm.