Tottenham are hoping to sign another forward before sanctioning the sale of Steven Bergwijn after reportedly agreeing a deal. The Netherlands international has been a backup option under Antonio Conte and is now set to move to Dutch giants Ajax for an estimated £21.5 million. Tottenham splashed £27m on the former PSV winger in January 2020 under Jose Mourinho, and handed the attacker a five-year contract. However, Bergwijn has failed to nail down a consistent starting spot under three successive managers. The 24-year-old scored just three times in 25 Premier League appearances last term, and two of these came in injury time as Tottenham secured a remarkable comeback victory over Leicester City in January. January loanee Dejan Kulusevski has established himself as a first-team regular under Conte, opening the door for Bergwijn's exit. Ajax expressed an interested in the Dutch winger in January, but Conte was keen to keep his squad together ahead of a top-four tilt. Now, the Athletic report the clubs have agreed upon a £21.5m fee with all but the 'final details' of the transfer to be agreed upon. JUST IN: Man Utd could block Arsenal or Tottenham signing Raphinha because of Frenkie de Jong  The report outlines a deal is expected to go through on or after July 1, allowing Tottenham time to potentially secure a replacement forward. Yves Bissouma, Fraser Forster, and Ivan Perisic have already signed, and a host of names continue to be linked. Tottenham have been credited with an interest in Brazil internationals Raphinha and Richarlison in recent weeks. The Everton forward is reportedly keen to move on to a 'bigger stage', having scored 10 goals in the Toffees' successful bid for survival. READ MORE Leeds 'identify Arsenal target' as Raphinha replacement as Tottenham ready opening bid Antony 'has heart set on Man Utd transfer' to ease Erik ten Hag Tottenham hijack fears Gareth Bale spotted at Cardiff for private chat with transfer decision in 'coming days'    Raphinha is also expected to move this summer, but cash-strapped Barcelona have so far proven unable to match Leeds United's asking price. Arsenal have seen an opening offer rejected, while Chelsea and Tottenham continue to be linked with the former Rennes star. Tottenham have also been tipped to battle with their north London rivals for the signature of Gabriel Jesus, although a deal with the Gunners appears to be imminent. The Manchester City forward is said to be keen to work with Mikel Arteta once again, and the arrivals of Julian Alvarez and Erling Haaland has led the 25-year-old to look elsewhere for guarantees over game-time. READ MORE: Tottenham told they are making big error with Christian Eriksen stance as Man Utd eye move  Joao Felix was previously linked to Tottenham ahead of his big-money move to Atletico Madrid in the summer of 2019, and refused to rule out the prospect. The Portugal international has struggled to meet expectations in the Spanish capital, with reports now suggesting Diego Simeone is considering cashing in on the 22-year-old. Tottenham have also been speculatively linked with Newcastle United maverick Allan Saint-Maximin this forward. The French forward has dazzled and frustrated in equal measure, and recent reports suggest the Magpies could be open to a sale. READ MORE: Gabriel Jesus backed to take Arsenal to 'a new level' if Gunners beat Tottenham to signing 