The 96-year-old monarch decided to include Harry and Meghan in the Jubilee celebrations, taking place this weekend. But commentator Nile Gardiner warned that the Royal Family "should be concerned" that the Duchess will use the Jubilee as a "publicity exercise for herself and her business interests." Meghan and Harry have returned to the UK to celebrate the Queen's 70 years on the throne. While they will not appear on the balcony at Trooping the Colour, they are expected to attend the service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral on Friday. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are also planning to attend the BBC's Party at the Palace the following evening. Speaking to Express.co.uk about Meghan, Mr Gardiner said: "I think that we should be concerned that she will use the visit to the UK for the Platinum Jubilee as a publicity exercise for herself and her business interests. "I don't think their presence at the Jubilee is in any way helpful for the celebrations. "The Queen is an immensely big-hearted person who wants to embrace the whole family and that's her decision. "It's a reflection of her spirit of grace and her big-heartedness. "But the reality is that Meghan Markle in particular has a history of attacking the institution of the monarchy and undermining the British Royal Family, including the Queen. "And so I think that there's a high element of risk with Meghan attending these celebrations in London that she will utilise this as an opportunity to advance her own business agenda, her political agenda. READ MORE: Sussexes will lockdown in royal fortress during Jubilee return "She's clearly got political ambitions. "This is not the moment for Meghan Markle to be in any way undermining the British Royal Family." Speaking about the Queen's decision to bar Meghan and Harry from the balcony, Mr Gardiner said: "There's no way she should appear on the balcony. "It would be fundamentally wrong for them to be on the balcony. DON'T MISS: 'Don't give a f*** about Jubilee' Calls for 'Scottish republic' grow [REACTION] Meghan and Harry given olive branch with 'surprise balcony appearance' [REVEAL] Boost for Queen ahead of Jubilee as majority of Britons back monarchy [INSIGHT] "They don't carry out any royal duties and they don't advance the Royal Family and the mission and the job of the crown. "They'd have no right to be on the balcony. "This was the right decision taken by the queen and the right message to send." Meghan and Harry said they were "excited and honoured" to come to the Jubilee celebrations. However, there has been speculation that they may use their stay in the UK as part of their deal with Netflix, rumoured to be worth $100 million. This comes after the couple were tailed by Netflix cameras at the Invictus Games in the Netherlands in April. l. The cameras were filming them for Heart of Invictus, a docu-series about the games. However, a source told the Telegraph that any camera crews would be "moved on" if they tried to set up in public areas during the Jubilee. Camera crews require express permission to film the Royal Family during a number of official celebrations.