   Martin Lewis, 50, left some fans concerned today as he issued another health update after his wife Lara Lewington, 43, got into a nasty accident earlier this week. The Money Saving Expert reported “feeling cr*p” after confirming he now “has the lurgy”.      Martin took to Twitter this morning to update his 1.5 million followers. He wrote: Ugh. Got lurgy, running a fever and feel cr*p! But not Covid apparently. “Going to try and do what I can on the MSE weekly email before going back to bed. “So annoying with the sun shining on a glorious day.” READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning      Some of Martin’s followers were concerned, and flooded the comments section with advice and well wishes. Nigel Brown wrote: “Get well soon. Keep testing, it could well be COVID.” While Paul Thomas asked: “Will you get your steps in?” Martin then jokingly replied: “I’m very concerned about that.      “Hoping if I sleep well now and recover I can do them this evening.” “Uho…hope you get better soon,” added Dragons' Den star Deborah Meaden. Jasper commented: “Take your time,feel better,the country can cope for a few hours/days.... Get better, look after YOU, as you take care of everybody else all the time.” Lucinda Newte penned: “Sorry to hear that, Martin, and wish you better soon. READ MORE... Prince Charles 'segregated' Harry and Meghan claims Fern Britton [INSIGHT] Dean Martin made a multimillion fortune over his decades-long career [LATEST] ITV News host Mary Nightingale and husband forced to move out of home [NEWS]     “My advice is get lots of rest - body and mind! No steps today please, but you could rest in the garden perhaps?” Martin’s health update comes after his wife Lara worried fans when she revealed she had been involved in an accident that forced her to take a week off work. TV presenter Lara admitted she was an "extremely clumsy person", after she suffered a nasty crash on her electric scooter. The host of the BBC’s technology programme, Click, shared a selfie, with large red cuts on her head, lip and nose.      In view of her 52,700 Twitter followers she wrote: “As an extremely clumsy person, always wobbly on two wheels, the electric scooter ride was never going to be a good idea. “After being cleaned up and stitched up, six days later I’m healing well, and I'm grateful it wasn’t worse. “Back on @BBCClick & @PackedLunchC4 this week, cuts ‘n all!” (sic) Martin and Lara married in 2009 and share a nine-year-old daughter named Sapphire.   