There's no better time to test your knowledge of Queen Elizabeth II then during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. So here are three rounds of quiz questions and answers to see just how well you're clued up on the Queen's incredible life and reign. Round 1: What's in a name? a) What is the name of the Queen's Norfolk estate? b) What was the name of the Queen's first beloved corgi? c) What are the Queen's two middle names? d) What did the Queen and Prince Philip name their third son? e) What was the Royal Family's nickname for the Queen's father, King George VI? Read More: Who are the Queen's cousins appearing on palace balcony for Jubilee? Round 2: The Queen in numbers a) How old was the Queen when she ascended the throne? b) How many great-grandchildren does the Queen have (to date)? c) What year did the Queen and Prince Philip announce their engagement to the world? d) What year did the Queen refer to as her 'annus horribilis'? e) What year did the Queen and Prince Philip welcome their only daughter, Princess Anne? Round 3: Bumper general knowledge round a) What is the name of the Queen's Royal House? b) Where does the Queen traditionally spend the summer? c) Where did the Queen marry Prince Philip in 1947? d) Who was the Queen's only sibling? e) What is the Queen's favourite flower? f) Who designed the Queen's wedding dress? g) Where has the Queen lived primarily since the Covid pandemic began? h) The Queen was the Duchess of where between 1947 and 1952 until she became Queen? i) Who are the Queen's four granddaughters? j) Which royals named their daughter after the Queen's nickname in 2021? Round 1: What's in a name? a) Sandringham b) Susan c) Alexandra Mary d) Edward e) Bertie Round 2: The Queen in numbers a) 25 b) 12- Savannah Phillips, Isla Phillips, Prince George, Princess Charlotte, Prince Louis, Archie Mountbatten-Windsor, Lilibet Mountbatten-Windsor, Mia Tindall, Lena Tindall, Lucas Tindall, August Brooksbank and Sienna Mapelli Mozzi. c) 1947 d) 1992 e) 1950 Round 3: Bumper general knowledge round a) Windsor b) Balmoral in Scotland c) Westminster Abbey d) Princess Margaret e) Lily of the Valley f) Sir Norman Hartnell g) Windsor Castle h) Edinburgh - She became the Duchess of Edinburgh after her marriage to the Duke of Edinburgh i) Zara Tindall, Princess Beatrice, Princess Eugenie and Lady Louise Windsor j) Prince Harry and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex