Lady Colin Campbell joined Dan Wootton on his GB News show on Monday and ripped into Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, who she dubbed as "third-tier" royals. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex flew in from their California home to join the monarch to take part in the Jubilee celebrations. Broadcaster Dan and guest Lady C gave their verdict on the senior royals, claiming they were given the "cold shoulder" while in the UK. But viewers weren't impressed with Lady C's comments.  Dan began: "Lady Colin Campbell, this was a historic weekend for the Royal family, wasn't it but when it came to Harry and Meghan, I think, I don't know if you agree, but I think it is now clear that they need the monarchy more than more than the monarchy needs them?" Lady C replied: "But that was always a fact! "What I think is really apparent is that they are a busted flush!" She continued: "They are worried their brand has been irretrievably damaged by the fact the whole world knows that they are not only third-tier roles. Read More: 'Where's Tom Jones?' Viewers torn as Diana Ross closes Jubilee concert  "They have been quite visibly shown to be reviled by the British people." The royal duo were only seen at one of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee events and spotted at a window shushing the Tindall children during Trooping the Colour. She ended her rant with: "We don't need Harry and Meghan!   "It's obvious that the country doesn't need them, the monarchy doesn't need them, the royal family doesn't need them, nobody needs them! "The British people have made their feelings very clear. "Harry and Meghan are passé. Let's see what happens from here on in." Those tuning into the GB News interview were quick to comment on Lady C's remarks with many sticking up for Harry and Meghan. DON’T MISS…Sharon Osbourne brands Johnny Depp’s defamation trial ‘ugly’ after attending his concert [LATEST]Coronation Street’s Ken Barlow star addresses retirements plans ‘It’s how you feel’ [LATEST]‘Wounds are very raw’ Meghan and Harry ‘unlikely’ to return to UK in near future [LATEST]    Viewer Charlotte tweeted: "Give it a rest, they came, see who mattered, his granny… and off they went! Credit where it’s due…" @ACMESalesRep added: "That sounds like Lady Campbell has an axe to grind and nothing more." @TheIceMaidenBrr tweeted: “You really are scraping the barrel. As if “Lady” Colin Campbell has any more insight into the Royal Family than any random, nasty old codger.” Kerry Taylor Jones claimed: “Lady C that went on I’m a celeb and was vile to celebs on there surely beneath her and goes on about Harry and Meghan just after money pot calling money much how much to give Dan the scoop the biggest hater of the Sussex’s out there.”  However, @volvogirl974 defended the guest and said: "Lovely to see Lady C (and Aurora). Always good fun and with the best sources." 