The state pension provides regular financial support to Britons after years of hard work for many. At present, the full rate of the new state pension is £185.15 per week. Some individuals may get less than the full sum if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. To secure the full state pension, Britons typically need 35 years of qualifying National Insurance contributions. But many people will regularly fall short of the number of contributions needed for a full state pension. For example, if a person makes 25 years of eligible contributions, they would get £132.25 per week. READ MORE: State pension age increase leads to surge in poverty However, the goal of a full state pension is one which does not necessarily have to be abandoned. A person with 25 years of contributions who topped up all of their gaps would secure an extra £52.90 a week. This could create an extra income of £55,000 in total over the course of a 20 year retirement. Topping up one’s National Insurance gaps could therefore be a very lucrative move. But what does this involve? DON'T MISSRetirement and me: Couple explain how they retired at 35 and 40 [EXCLUSIVE]Retired before 2016? You could get extra £14.48 per week [UPDATE]State pension blunder sees millions receive 'incorrect' amount [ANALYSIS] Firstly, Britons should check their National Insurance record to find out if they have any gaps. Some may be eligible for National Insurance credits they claim benefits, are unemployed or caring for someone full time. An online National Insurance record does not cover how much state pension one is likely to get. Others may wish to check their state pension forecast online or via post as a result.   READ MORE: Cash machine scam warning issued by police - drained bank accounts If gaps in a record are established as existing, eligibility must also be checked. The DWP explains: “You must be eligible to pay voluntary National Insurance contributions for the time that the contributions cover. “You can usually only pay for gaps in your National Insurance record from the past six years.” Sometimes individuals can pay for gaps from more than six years ago, but this depends on age. At present, individuals have until April 5, 2023 to pay voluntary contributions to make up for gaps between April 2006 and April 2016. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea However, they must be a man born after April 5, 1951 or a woman born after April 5, 1953 to do so. The current rates for the 2022/23 tax year are: The option may not be suitable for everyone, despite many being eligible. It is worth checking if it makes sense for a person financially before this journey is embarked upon. In addition, voluntary contributions do not always boost a state pension. Britons are encouraged to contact the Future Pension Centre to find out if they will benefit. Some may even wish to get financial advice before deciding to make voluntary contributions.