The value you get from exchanging your Clubcard vouchers for Tesco Mobile vouchers is being slashed from 8.59am on June 15. At the moment, Clubcard holders can exchange 50p worth of vouchers for £1 off your Tesco Mobile bill. However, after this morning, you’ll only be able to exchange your Clubcard vouchers at face value to spend at Tesco Mobile.  This means 50p worth of vouchers will be worth 50p off your bill. Tesco shoppers need to log into their Clubcard account to exchange their vouchers. To do this, you choose the amount of vouchers you want to exchange and which “Rewards Partner” you want to redeem them against. You should then get an email with your code, or it'll be in the “My Rewards section” if you placed your order on the app. According to the Mirror, once you have exchanged your vouchers, they will be valid for six months. If you’re using your vouchers at Tesco Mobile, you can either get money off your phone bill or off the cost of a new handset. You’ll need to enter your code either at the checkout stage of purchasing a new phone, or into the bill section of your Tesco Mobile account if you’re reducing your bill. The move comes after Tesco recently hiked its prices for out-of-bundle calls and texts from February this year. The price of making a call if you go over your allowance has gone up from 25p per minute (plus a 10p minimum charge) to 55p (27p minimum charge).   Meanwhile, sending a text outside of your monthly package jumped up from 10p per message to 20p, while it now costs 55p per minute to listen to your voicemail instead of 15p. Using your mobile data after exceeding your allowance remains the same at 10p per megabyte. Both pay monthly and pay-as-you-go users have also see an increase in charges for using out-of-bundle services. The cost of sending a picture message has risen from 25p per message to 55p, while calling a non-standard number has jumped from 20p per minute (plus a 10p minimum charge) to 55p (27p minimum charge). Calling a 084/087/09/118 number has gone up from 25p per minute (plus a 25p minimum charge) to 55p (55p minimum charge) along with a service charge.  