Lando Norris should not yet be compared to Lewis Hamilton and Michael Schumacher, according to McLaren boss Andrea Seidl. He warned it was ‘just too early’ to compare the young Briton to the sport's biggest icons as he is still progressing as a driver. Norris lies seventh in the drivers’ standings and is the leading driver behind Ferrari, Red Bull and Mercedes. His 48 points are more than four times as many scored by team-mate Daniel Ricciardo this season. However, Seidl warns comparisons with champions such as Hamilton and Schumacher are premature for the McLaren star. But, Norris' team principal did suggest he has 'something special’ and praised his ability to ‘deliver right away’. Speaking to Motorsport.com, Seidl said: “It’s just too early to compare Lando to a Lewis Hamilton or Michael Schumacher. But there is a reason why we have entered into a long-term contract with him. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton's statement on Mercedes deadline may be final straw  “He has shown us with his progression and performance that he has something special. That was also true in Monaco. He delivers right away, that’s impressive. It’s also important for the team. “We are currently in a fierce battle for P4 in the championship, where we are up against strong competitors. They also have fast cars and good drivers. In any case, I am very happy Lando is with us. He has potential and has shown a lot already. It is simply our job to give him a better car in the years to come.” Norris has already picked up a podium this season, his sixth for McLaren since 2019. He almost picked up his first race win in challenging conditions at the 2021 Russian Grand Prix and helped the team to a one-two at the Italian GP last September. DON'T MISSHamilton feud with Verstappen continues as sponsor make 'correction' [INSIGHT]Toto Wolff makes 'gifted' vow as Mercedes chief predicts improvement [ANALYSIS]Williams boss talks up Toto Wolff's 'insurance' driver for Hamilton {COMMENT] The 22-year-old dazzled last time out in Monaco, fighting the car to a top-six finish despite recovering from illness. McLaren chief executive Zak Brown recently praised Norris as he piled the pressure on his team-mate. Except for victory at the Italian GP last season, Ricciardo has been unable to consistently score points and beat Norris. Brown said: “Lando definitely has an edge. We would obviously like to see Daniel much closer to Lando and have a good inter-team battle. "Daniel is just not comfortable yet with the car, we're trying everything we can. Again it was a disappointing weekend. Short of Monza and a few races, it's generally not kind of met his or our expectations, as far as what we were expecting.”