Starz series Outlander will be seeing some new cast members joining the drama for season seven. The American network confirmed actress Izzy Meikle-Small is going to portray Rachel Hunter in the show. Express.co.uk takes a closer look at the actress and where you may have seen her before, along with the lowdown on her Outlander alter-ego. Meikle-Small, 26, is a British actress hailing from Hove in East Sussex. She has starred in a number of films and television shows, first appearing in the documentary series Tchaikovsky. The actress went on to feature in the Hollywood adaptation of Kazuo Ishiguro’s novel Never Let Me Go, playing a young version of Carey Mulligan’s Kathy. Some of her other television credits include Ripper Street, Great Expectations, and The 7.39. READ MORE: Outlander: Why Jamie and Claire’s sex scenes are so important Her film credits include Another Mother’s Son, Snow White and the Huntsman, Private Peaceful, and Pudsey the Dog: The Movie. Interestingly, the star auditioned for the role of Sansa Stark in Game of Thrones but ultimately lost out to Sophie Turner, according to IMDb. She has also appeared on stage opposite Kristen Scott-Thomas as a young Queen Elizabeth in The Audience at the Apollo Theatre. The star has additionally featured as Lady Jane Grey in the radio play Edward, Edward. Along with juggling her acting, she is also an academic whizz and got nine A*s in 2011 while she was starring in Great Expectations. Outlander marks Meikle-Small’s biggest role to date and sees her taking on Quaker Rachel Hunter, who encounters Young Ian (John Bell) and an injured William Ransom (Charles Vandervaart) when they arrive at her farm. Meikle-Small has been cast alongside Billy Elliot actor Joey Phillips, who plays her onscreen brother Dr Denzell Hunter. Phillips has previously starred in Accused, Half Moon Investigations, The Royal, Casualty and Holby City. He has also featured in numerous stage productions such as Richard III, Breaking The Code, Who Cares, A Christmas Carol, and Romeo & Juliet, to name a handful. Season seven will be taking its cue from a mixture of Diana Gabaldon’s Outlander novels A Breath of Snow and Ashes and An Echo in the Bone, which features the Hunters. Rachel and her brother Dr Denzell are left to fend for themselves following the death of their mother in childbirth and their father drowning three years later. The siblings are brought up by the local Religious Society of Friends with Denzell going into medicine. DON'T MISS...Outlander: How Sam Heughan and Caitriona Balfe worked on sex scenes [INTERVIEW]Outlander: Why was Gemma Fray replaced as Brianna Fraser? [ANALYSIS]Outlander explained: Why was Jamie Fraser called Sawny? [EXPLAINER] Dr Denzell serves as an army surgeon for the rebels against the English in the American Revolutionary War. After encountering Young Ian and William, the Hunters go to the frontline to offer assistance to the American rebels. Rachel and Dr Denzell will become a key part of the Outlander family with the pair meeting Jamie (Sam Heughan) and Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) over the course of the story. Outlander’s showrunner Matthew B. Roberts told Deadline: “We’re excited to welcome Izzy and Joey to the Outlander family and can’t wait for fans to see how these two fantastic actors bring Rachel and Denzell to life.” Meikle-Small and Phillips join Canadian actor Vandervaart, who was previously confirmed to portray an adult William Ransom. Outlander season 7 is in production and season 6 is available to watch on STARZPLAY now