This Morning's entertainment journalist Sharon Marshall caught up with some of the EastEnders cast during Tuesday's show following last week's special episode, which saw Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall meeting several Walford characters after joining in their street party on the BBC soap. Tameka Empson, who starts as the comedic Kim Fox, admitted she invited the Prince of Wales to join them for lunch, but he declined.  "You actually met them, but you were dressed as Shirley Bassey," Sharon pointed out to Tameka as she catted with the cast about the royal visit. "Of course I was!" the actress replied, recalling Kim's interaction with the Royal. Sharon explained to the ITV audience: "Because there was a fancy dress competition going on, and karaoke at the same time [in the episode]. "So you had to meet the future King of England - your photo that's up for generations in your family - you are in what is gold lamé and a feather bower!" READ MORE: Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting "That's right," Tameka replied. "The gold, the feather. You can't do Shirley without the right dress-up, you know?" She continued by reflecting on a unique conversation she'd had with the Prince and how she was left disappointed. "So I did that and it was really lovely, I love the fact that Charles actually said to me, 'Oh, so what happened to the chicken?' referring to the feather bower," she recalled. "And I said, 'Well we don't talk about that, but you're welcome to stay for lunch.' He didn't."  Last week's episode saw the soap paying tribute to Queen Elizabeth II's 70th year on the throne as celebrations took place up and down the UK. EastEnders' lovable pub landlord, Mick Carter (played by Danny Dyer) surprised Albert Square by announcing the arrival of the royal couple. The characters were stunned but delighted and each introduced themselves to either Prince Charles or the Duchess of Cornwall. Soap favourite Patrick Trueman (Rudolph Walker) even offered Camilla some of his rum. DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise theory: Commissioner to meet daughter at Christmas? [LATEST]Springwatch backlash as fans fume at Megan McCubbin's 'shag' innuendo [VIDEO]EastEnders theory: Mitch shaken as brother Avery unveils secret [THEORY] "Welcome your honour," Patrick stated as he shook hands with the Duchess. "You've got a nice little bottle, there," she pointed out. "Yes, it's rum, special from Trinidad," Patrick explained. "And as they say, a drop a day keeps the doctor away." "I tried that in Trinidad, pretty good stuff," the Royal replied. "Before you leave, ma'am, can I interest you in a little?" he asked. "You can," responded Camilla, nodding her head, to the surprise of the characters. Viewers were quick to praise the royal couple's acting skills as they commented on the special appearance. As the episode ended, a title card accompanied a one-off theme which played in the background. The card read: "With grateful thanks to their Royal Highness The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall." EastEnders continues on Tuesday at 7.30pm, while This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.