Frenkie de Jong has privately assured Manchester United that he is open to a possible transfer from Barcelona, according to reports. The midfielder has been identified as a top target by Erik ten Hag, who worked with de Jong at Ajax. The 25-year-old has been targeted as part of the huge rebuild United will undergo this summer. Midfield is a particular area of concern at Old Trafford following the free transfer departures of Paul Pogba, Nemanja Matic, Jesse Lingard and Juan Mata. Barca are believed to be reticent about a departure for de Jong but wide-ranging reports suggest that a bid of £72million will bring the Catalan outfit to the negotiating table. De Jong is considered an important player at Camp Nou having made 32 La Liga appearances last term. The Netherlands international joined Barca from Ten Hag’s Ajax in 2019 and has performed well. However, he has apparently given United signals that he might be keen on a move to the Premier League giants. JUST IN: Barca 'can't reject' Man Utd offer as De Jong set for 'historic' move According to The Athletic, de Jong has given an indication that a transfer appeals. United would still need to overcome a major barrier in terms of the fee and are said to be ‘resistant’ to instantly giving the La Liga club what they want. That could see the saga extended across the transfer window, with United also keen on other targets. Ten Hag has been entrusted with leading a major overhaul of the 20-times English champions following a dismal couple of years. Former interim head coach Ralf Rangnick predicted that United could need up to 10 players during the summer transfer window, which officially opened on Friday. A striker and a central midfield are believed to be high on the agenda. DON'T MISS...Man Utd respond to Liverpool's Nunez deal as Ten Hag has 'priority'Ronaldo told he's stuck at Man Utd even if he wants transfer exitChelsea can learn from Man Utd as Liverpool close in on Darwin Nunez De Jong, who has earned rave reviews from his Netherlands colleagues for his international performances this month, is the top target for the midfield position. West Ham’s Declan Rice has also been tenuously linked, but Hammers boss David Moyes recently told interested clubs that bids would need to be north of £150m. Meanwhile, United seem set to miss out on the prolific Benfica striker Darwin Nunez to Premier League rivals Liverpool. The Reds are widely reported as having agreed personal terms with the Uruguayan, who scored 34 goals across all competitions last term - including two against Liverpool in the Champions League. According to various reports, Benfica are holding out for around £80m for the 22-year-old. A structured deal could see him one day become Liverpool’s most expensive player. United may have to look elsewhere for their next striker. Ten Hag needs to sign a new forward to ease the scoring burden from Cristiano Ronaldo.