The Queen stunned the public this evening in a gorgeous green outfit as the Platinum Jubilee celebrations came to an end. Her Majesty was spotted wearing a bright green long jacket and skirt with a matching green hat. The jacket had gold buttons and had a high neckline. She teamed the look with a string of pearls, pearl earrings and one of her beloved brooches. The brooch appears to be one of her three Victoria Bow Brooches that date back to the 1800s. The diamond bow brooch was passed down from Queen Victoria. As usual, Her Majesty could be seen wearing her signature white gloves. Fans of the monarch took to Twitter to share their love for the 96-year-old’s look. READ MORE: Harry faced 'painful 19 minutes' as 'reality of new life sinks in' Twitter user Susan Eacock said: “Her Majesty looked stunning in green on the balcony. “She is our national treasure, have to admit when the other members of the Royal Family were singing the National Anthem I had tears in my eyes. “What a wonderful Queen she is and has been throughout her 70-year reign.” Twitter user @Irisedmondson3 wrote: “Wow, when the Queen came out on the balcony with her family, it was so wonderful and she looked superb in a green outfit so much love for the Queen.” DON'T MISSQueen last-minute diary change scuppers Harry and Meghan Netflix plan [INSIGHT]Levin claims Harry and Meghan 'absolutely furious' at Jubilee seating [UPDATE]George's poignant first outing marks nostalgic moment for William [ANALYSIS] Marverine Cole said: “Why am I crying at seeing The Queen appearing on the balcony just now? “She looked breathtaking in her rich green outfit.” Bronagh Hoyle tweeted: “Loved the emerald green the Queen wore on the balcony today. “Might have surprised some. Made me think of home.” Meanwhile, Twitter user @kelbo_baggins_ replied: “What a moment. The Queen looked beautiful in green. “Only joined by her successors on the balcony. Very poignant and powerful. “Whatever you think of the royals the Queen is an incredible lady and has served us all brilliantly.” Her Majesty was joined by members of the Royal Family on the balcony of Buckingham Palace. The surprise appearance concluded four days of Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The Queen had not been seen by members of the public since Thursday. However, this evening she was joined by her son Prince Charles and his wife, Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall, and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and their three children.