George Ezra celebrated his 29th birthday on Tuesday and performed at the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee outside Buckingham Palace on Saturday. The musician joined Greg James on BBC Radio 1 as he addressed his royal ban on-air today. Greg said: "I can't let you go without talking about the Jubilee Party at the Palace." George mused: "That old thing." "What a thing to be a part of," Greg continued. "A lot of listeners messaged me on Monday morning going, 'Oh my god, did you see that George had to change his lyrics.'" The musician sighed, as he replied: "Honestly, you get the call to play. Very flattering." READ MORE: 'Queen's request' Alicia Keys responds to Platinum Jubilee backlash George played megahit Shotgun and recent single Green Green Grass to the 22,000-strong crowd gathered outside and to the millions viewing at home to celebrate the 96-year-old Queen’s 70 years on the throne. But many of his fans were outraged that the singer left out the end of one of his lines that referred to “dying”. The lyric reads: “Green green grass, blue blue sky, you better throw a party on the day that I die” was changed to not cause offense. "Then it comes down the line, you can't sing, 'on the day that I die.'"  The BBC Radio 1 host chuckled as George detailed what he was urged to do by royal officials. He continued: "You kind of smile and all of the clients - as it were - you're not going to push back on the royals. You just say, 'ok, cool.'" Greg added: "The Queen as a corporate client. 'We've got a corporate - who is the corporate?' "'Buckingham Palace, the Queen.'" DON'T MISS... Britney Spears' ex-husband charged after 'gatecrashing' wedding[LATEST]Joan Collins looks captivating as ever in unearthed swimsuit pictures[PICTURES]Kate Garraway looks regal in same dress Princess Beatrice wore on GMB[ROYALS] The radio DJ then played a clip from his performance where he skipped the lyrics and a trumpet played instead as the studio erupted into hysterics. George said: "I'm happy you can laugh at that. My gut said we need to change it, I thought that it was going to make it more bait. Not singing [the lyrics] is going to draw attention to it. But ok." He added: "When we first rehearsed it we were laughing. "I would also like to say what a pleasure and what an honour to play for the Queen. Thank you for having me." Hits like Budapest, Shotgun, Paradise and Blame It On Me have propelled the singer to stardom almost overnight. Both of his albums hit No1 with his first, 2014’s Wanted On Voyage the third biggest seller of the year while his second album, Staying At Tamara’s, became the second-biggest-selling album of 2018, beating Ed Sheeran’s ÷. The hitmaker was joined by a star-studded lineup as the British public celebrated Her Majesty's incredible milestone. Famous faces from Sir Rod Stewart, Craig David, Alicia Keys, Duran Duran, Diana Ross and more all took the stage outside London's Buckingham Palace concert as part of the Platinum Jubilee concert on Saturday celebrating the 70th anniversary of Queen Elizabeth II's reign.