Gareth Bale has announced he is set to depart Real Madrid after nine years of service in a classy statement to the club's fans, players and hierarchy. It remains to be seen where the Wales star will move next as he becomes a free agent for the first time in his spellbinding career. Bale, who joined Real Madrid in 2013 for a then-world record fee of £85million from Tottenham, has become somewhat of a divisive figure in recent years at the Bernabeu. Despite scoring in the 2014 and 2018 Champions League finals - with a brace against Liverpool deciding the latter - Bale has been openly criticised by fans for an apparent lack of commitment to the club in recent years. That hasn't been helped by certain managers failing to choose him while his injury worries have also hurt his chances of regular minutes. Generally speaking the former Southampton star has always impressed whilst on the pitch. The rise of Vinicius Jr and Rodrygo this season has seen him fall even further down the pecking order with just seven appearances all season, and it became almost inevitable that he would leave this summer. But the Cardiff-born attacker has issued a classy statement ahead of his departure, thanking the fans and the club's staff for helping him achieve his goals of winning the Champions League. "I write this message to say thank you to all my team mates, past and present, my managers, the back room staff and to the fans that supported me," Bale said. "I arrived here 9 years ago as a young man who wanted to realise my dream of playing for Real Madrid. To wear the pristine white kit, to west the crest on my chest, to play at the Santiago Bernabeu, to win titles and to be part of what it's so famous for, to win the Champions League. "I can now look back, reflect and say with honesty that this dream became a reality and much, much more. To be a part of this club's history and to achieve what we achieved while I was was a Real Madrid player, has been an incredible experience and one I will never forget. "I also want to thank President Florentino Perez, Jose Angel Sanchez, and the board for giving me the opportunity to play for this club. Together we were able to create some moments that will live forever in then history of this club and football. It has been an honour. Thank you, Hala Madrid!" It is unclear who Bale's next club will be, although Tottenham will likely be heavily linked with his signature after the wide-man made his name at the club and returned for a fruitful loan spell in 2020-21 where he scored 16 goals in just 34 games under Jose Mourinho. Money-laden Newcastle have also been linked with a move for his signature as they look to bring in quality Premier League experienced players into their ranks ahead of the new season. And there will not be many better players on a free transfer this summer than Bale, who boasts three La Liga titles, five Champions Leagues and a Copa del Rey to his name.