Footage recently appeared of the Russian leader touring a military hospital in the capital with Defence Minister, Sergei Shoigu. Putin meets a number of servicemen who were injured in Ukraine at the Central Military Clinical Hospital, talking with the soldiers about their families and plans for the future. But Professor Stewart of the University of Arkansas said subtle body language indicators displayed by the soldiers speaking with Putin show them to be battling a “flight” response during the conversation. Professor Stewart pinpointed the reactions the soldiers standing at attention had to the arrival of the Russian leader in the room. He looked at the way in which the figures were moving on their feet, which is a sign of a “flight” response kicking in when Putin interacts with them. He described: “One of the things I saw with the soldiers what that they are shifting side to side, and a side to side movement tends to indicate that a threat is present that you want to get away from. “It’s flight, it’s an indicator of preparation for flight.” Putin, dressed up in an overcoat typical of a hospital environment, rounded off the interaction by wishing the servicemen a quick recovery. But Professor Stewart said there was “nothing” to show that the Russian leader felt an ounce of empathy towards the Russian soldiers fighting his war in Ukraine. He described: “He had to show that he is this individual who is very strong, so that might be part of the problem of going to a hospital and showing empathy - that’s not in Putin’s toolbox.” READ MORE: China to ‘block the flow of global trade’ with island ‘militarisation' Professor Stewart added: “One of the things that, as a leader, you want to show is that you’re strong, you’re leading your country into an honourable battle and recognising the efforts of the soldiers. “That's why I think Putin was doing in going to the hospital and recognising these soldiers for their efforts.” He continued, however, that it “did not show him actually going and actually talking with soldiers that had been wounded”. The video, he summarised, failed to “show Putin as an empathetic leader who cares about the sacrifice of the Russian people”. DON'T MISS: Ukraine Live: Russian forces betray Putin as troops refuse to fight [LIVE] Brexit POLL: Should UK rejoin EU single market? [VOTE] Sturgeon treated like ROYALTY at Jubilee thanksgiving service [REPORT] Professor Stewart then suggested the entire scene was a “Potemkin village”, a staged filming opportunity that came off as inauthentic. It’s “definitely a set piece with Putin”, he said, adding the Russian leader striding up to the soldiers for a handshake was a “photo opportunity for Putin”. In this movement, Putin appears to “open his body” in a similar form to a “graduation ceremony”. Professor Stewart concluded: “Overall, if Putin wanted to show empathy, there was nothing of note that indicated that was the case.” But even beyond the interactions of the Russian leader and the soldiers, the scenario in which the meetings take place does not have the ring of authenticity to it. The scene appears to clash with the typical first impressions of a hospital environment, and recalls more a meeting with “a high-end hotel’s executive chef and staff”.