The British Liver Trust says signs may include an aching feeling or discomfort on the upper right side of your tummy, little or no appetite or an overwhelming sense of tiredness. Other signs include feeling sick, diarrhoea, feeling generally unwell or trouble sleeping. The Trust says as the liver struggles to work more serious symptoms can develop.   It says if you have any of these symptoms, tell a doctor straight away: Cirrhosis is the most serious stage of alcohol-related liver damage, when the liver has a lot of severe scarring, and the charity says up to one in five heavy drinkers will develop cirrhosis.  READ MORE: Kate Middleton health: The Duchess' severe allergy - symptoms can start 'within minutes'  Nonetheless, the NHS notes: “ARLD does not usually cause any symptoms until the liver has been severely damaged.” The Trust says generally, the more alcohol you drink above the recommended limits, the higher your risk of developing alcohol-related liver disease. The NHS says ARLD is frequently diagnosed during tests for other conditions, or at a stage of advanced liver damage. If you regularly drink alcohol to excess, tell your GP so they can check if your liver is damaged.  The health body explains that although the liver is very resilient and capable of regenerating itself. Each time your liver filters alcohol, some of the liver cells die. It says: “The liver can develop new cells, but prolonged alcohol misuse (drinking too much) over many years can reduce its ability to regenerate. This can result in serious and permanent damage to your liver.” ARLD is very common in the UK, it continues. Indeed, the number of people with the condition has been increasing over the last few decades as a result of increasing levels of alcohol misuse. It warns that a person who has alcohol-related cirrhosis and does not stop drinking has a less than 50 percent chance of living for at least five more years.  The NHS says if you think you may need help to with alcohol, a good place to start is with a GP. Try to be accurate and honest about how much you drink and any problems it may be causing you. The health body explains: “The GP may suggest different types of assessment and support options available to you, such as from local community alcohol services. “You can also ask about any free local support groups and other alcohol counselling that may suit you.” It also says if you have become physically dependent and need to stop drinking completely, stopping overnight could be harmful. You should get advice about this and about any medicine you may need to do this safely.   The British Liver Trust says it is not only dependent or daily drinkers who develop liver disease. “Heavy drinking even on a few days in the week can cause alcohol-related liver disease. It’s a lot easier to overdrink than many people realise, putting vast numbers of us in danger of alcohol-related illnesses,” explains the organisation. It says: “If you’ve been regularly drinking over the guidelines for several months, it’s important to get your liver checked.” 