Vessel trackers have lost sight of the UK-flagged ship Grampian Commander, which was last spotted in waters near Fraserburgh, a Scottish town in Aberdeenshire, earlier on Thursday. Its failure to check in has raised fears it may have sunk. The Grampian Commander, built in 2005, is thought to be an Emergency Response and Rescue Vessel (ERRV). It is more than 48 metres long and weighs 1,130 tonnes. Fears of an incident follow an emergency approximately 60 miles southwest of the Mizen Head, off the Irish coast, on Wednesday, as a UK-registered fishing vessel got into difficulty. READ MORE: Huge emergency services response to city centre waterfront incident The ship, which had a crew of 11 Spanish fishermen on board, raised the alarm at about 9.15am after it started taking on water and lost propulsion. The Shannon-based Coast Guard Helicopter R115 attended the scene, while the naval ship Le Samuel Beckett and an Air Corps CASA aircraft got involved in assisting the stricken vessel, too. Rescue efforts were coordinated by Valentia Coast Guard. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Marine accidents are not common in British and European waters. They are, however, frequent in regions with more lax safety standards. On Saturday, a ferry ran out of fuel and sank in bad weather off the coast of Indonesia. The country's search and rescue agency said the vessel was carrying 43 people when it capsized last Thursday in the Makassar Strait, the sea separating the islands of Sulawesi and Borneo. News of the incident only reached officials days later, the local head of search and rescue said. DON'T MISSBritain set for thunder and 'sustained' downpours in Jubilee 'washout' [INSIGHT] Crime gangs target vulnerable in new scam [ANALYSIS]Why are beacons being lit for the Platinum Jubilee? [EXPLAINER] Djunaidi, who like many Indonesians goes by only one name, said: "Seventeen people have been rescued alive by two tugboats that were passing by. "We have deployed a rescue team to search for the missing others." A group of 40 rescuers were at sea searching for survivors. As of Saturday, 11 passengers remained missing. A week earlier, a ferry carrying more than 800 people ran aground in shallow waters off the East Nusa Tenggara province and remained stuck for two days before being dislodged. No one was hurt. In 2018, an overcrowded ferry with about 200 people on board sank in a deep volcanic crater lake in North Sumatra province, killing 167 people. And in one of Indonesia's worst recorded disasters, an overcrowded passenger ship sank in February 1999 with 332 people aboard. There were only 20 survivors.