There's a brand new Wordle puzzle to solve, and just in time for Monday morning. Wordle 366 is live for June 20 only, so you'd better get in there quick if you want to maintain what I'm guessing is an impressive winning streak. Wordle 366 isn't the most obscure word, but it's tricky enough to take you down to the wire. If you're struggling with the June 20 Wordle, then you've come to the right place, because Express Online has put together a selection of spoiler-free hints and clues for Wordle 366. Good luck! The word game that spawned a seemingly endless number of clones - some better than others - Wordle is a fantastic game to play on the commute to work or during lunch. The concept is extremely simple, challenging players to figure out a five letter word in just six guesses. To do so you'll need to use the process of elimination to rule out different letters. If, for example, a letter tile turns grey after one of your guesses, you can deduce that this particular letter doesn't feature in today's word. If a tile turns yellow, then the letter is in the word, just not in the right place, while a green tile means the letter is in the word and in the correct position. The aim is to solve each puzzle in as few guesses as possible. You can then share your progress on social media, showing friends, family and random followers exactly how brainy you are. If you fail to solve the puzzle, then you'll have to wait until the following day for a new Wordle to be released. And because the Wordle site tracks your statistics, failure means losing your hard-earned winning streak - something you'll be reminded about every time you login. If you want to avoid losing your streak, keep on reading for the latest Wordle hints for the June 20 puzzle... General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'RAISE' is a good word to start with, while 'TOUCH' is a decent second guess. I also like to use the word 'CRANE' as an opening guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 366 hints and clues for June 20... 1. Wordle 366 starts with the letter I. 2. Wordle 366 contains two vowels. 3. The letters on your keyboard.