Rudi Dharmalingam, who is well known for his roles in The Split and Our Girl, will make his debut in The Lazarus Project on Thursday night. The actor plays loner Shiv, a project member who has been part of the group since he was a teenager and has a strong moral compass. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the actor has opened up about how he got into character for the role. Speaking about what drew him to the role and how he got into character, Rudi began: "I mean for me personally, I'm really into sci-fi anyway, so I love anything to do with black holes and dark matter and the universe itself really. "It's really fascinating, isn't it and I think we're all really intrigued and interested in whether it's even possible to travel through time. "At the same time, none of us had little comprehension of how that would work exactly. "So, I think what drew me to the role was that it was sci-fi and because my character of Shiv is quite different to anything I've ever done before." When asked whether he found his role draining to play, The Split star admitted he and the director wanted to get across the trauma his character had been through. "We wanted to see a worn-down nature to this guy who is utterly committed, dedicated and passionate, and you know, he's still he's very much the kind of guy that is married to his job. "He lives and breathes the world at The Lazarus Project and firmly believes in this narrative." "It was interesting to get into that mindset," Rudi said about getting into character. "Someone that is quite solitary and quite isolated and quite aloof, actually. "And that sort of, you know, not intentionally, but that sort of subconsciously manifested itself into the way that I conducted myself on set as well. "Which was weird as it was never my intention to do that, but I think when you play any character, you sort of subconsciously adopt their traits and adopt their psychology. "So I sort of found myself very isolated and I tried to create a distance because actually, Shiv is a very solitary character." The Lazarus Project, which is available to watch from Thursday, is about a secret organisation with the power and knowledge to turn back time to avert global catastrophe. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' baby Thomas DNA twist  [REACTION]Downton Abbey’s Joanne Froggatt pays tribute to Sherwood co-star [INSIGHT]Soap Awards 'fix' backlash slapped down by Sharon Marshall [VIDEO] Each time there is a critical crisis which could throw the world into jeopardy, members of the project - who are the only ones to remember when the past is re-written - spring into action and alter the course of history. However, when it comes to thwarting personal tragedy and death, members can’t turn back the clock, causing tensions within. Paapa Essiedu plays the lead character, George, who quickly realises something isn't right when he begins to relive the same day over and over again. However, much to his horror, George realises his girlfriend Sarah (played by Charly Clive) is unaware of his involvement in the Lazarus Project and time goes by without her noticing. It is only when he is introduced to Shiv and the rest of the gang, that he realises things are more serious than he thought. Speaking about taking on the role of George's girlfriend, actress Charly said it was exciting for her as an actress because she was so used to doing comedy. "I was really excited for the opportunity to do something that is dramatic and very thrilling and, unlike anything I've done before as an actor," Charly said. "And unlike most things I think I've seen as somebody that loves TV, I think The Lazarus Project is is pretty unique." The Lazarus Project airs on Sky Max on Thursday, June 16 at 9pm and is available as a boxset on NOW