The Cambridges were at Trooping the Colour, went on a surprise visit to Cardiff and enjoyed the spectacular Platinum Party at the Palace concert. It appears that the Duke of Cambridge had some reassuring words for his son George as they took their seats in the royal box for the Platinum Party at the Palace on Saturday evening.  As the camera focused in, the pair could be seen fixing bands to their wrists, which had been left on their seats. According to professional lip reader John Cassidy the Duke had some instructions as well as reassurances for George. He believes the Duke said to George as he struggled with his band: “You’ll have to do it like that..ok let’s do mine, then I’ll help you.” However it wasn't just the Duke and Duchess who were there to support their children.  The Duke's cousin Zara Tindall who was sitting behind them was also able to help. Princess Charlotte was struggling with a cushion that had been left on her seat. Mr Cassidy said that Zara asked the Princess “Do you want that taken off as well too? Yes? Ok.” On Sunday the Cambridges were back sitting in the royal box for the Platinum Jubilee Pageant, however it was the youngest Cambridge Prince Louis who stole the show once again. READ MORE: Harry faced 'painful 19 minutes' as 'reality of new life sinks in'  It came only days after his adorable appearance at Trooping the Colour where he received a warning from Mike Tindall, who was sitting behind the Prince. It came after the Prince was seen putting his fingers in his ears and throwing a cushion around. The Prince was also spotted pointing at the Duchess and making her laugh. He was also seen wriggling around in his seat, pointing out some of the things he had seen in the parade and putting his hands over his eyes. DON'T MISS: Queen last-minute diary change scuppers Harry and Meghan Netflix plan [REVEAL] Levin claims Harry and Meghan 'absolutely furious' at Jubilee seating [INSIGHT] 'Look at Gan Gan!' George's adorable reaction to Queen's sketch [SPOTLIGHT]  Other members of the firm in the royal box included Prince Charles and Camilla along with Princess Anne and Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence. Princess Beatrice was also present with her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, along with Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank. However the Queen, who has been experiencing mobility problems in recent weeks, was not in the royal box nor were Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. 