Brad Pitt, 58, has accused his ex-wife, Angelina Jolie, 47, of seeking to “inflict harm” through the sale of her stake in a vineyard they purchased together. The Mr & Mrs Smith stars have locked horns in a legal battle regarding a £20 million estate located in south-eastern France. The former couple owned a controlling interest in Chateau Miraval SA, a French company that included a home and vineyard in the south of France, in 2008. In new legal papers seen by PA, Brad’s lawyers claimed that under his control, the company had become a “multimillion-dollar international success story”. The documents also claimed Angelina had “contributed nothing” to the business. They go on to allege that Angelina sold her stake to a Luxembourg-based spirits manufacturer controlled by Russian oligarch Yuri Shefler. They additionally claim that Brad had not been made aware of the transaction. Brad’s lawyers have stated: “Through the purported sale, Jolie sought to inflict harm on Pitt. “Jolie knew and intended that Shefler and his affiliates would try to control the business Pitt had built and to undermine Pitt’s investment in Miraval.” It claimed Yuri Shefler “has gained notoriety through cutthroat business tactics and dubious professional associations” and the connection with him “jeopardises the reputation of the brand Pitt so carefully built". They continued: “All of this is the direct result of Jolie’s unlawful and tortious conduct.” The legal team added: “In violation of the parties’ agreement, Jolie has sought to force Pitt into partnership with a stranger, and worse yet, a stranger with poisonous associations and intentions.” They also claimed the vineyard is currently growing and added that “though she benefited from Miraval’s success, Jolie had no involvement in these efforts". Brad’s legal team has requested a trial by jury. DON'T MISS...Liz Hurley, 56, celebrates Platinum Jubilee in tiny white bikini [LATEST]Tom Hanks's 'loneliness of marriage' laid bare [INSIGHT]Dan Walker makes jibe at Rod Stewart's 'baffling' Jubilee performance [UPDATE] Angelina and Brad confirmed their intention to split in 2016 after 12 years together and two years of marriage. Angelina's legal representative issued a statement at the time to request "privacy at this time”. Attorney Robert Offer said: "This decision was made for the health of the family. She will not be commenting, and asks that the family be given its privacy at this time." In a statement released to People Magazine, Brad also commented: "I am very saddened by this, but what matters most now is the well-being of our kids. "I kindly ask the press to give them the space they deserve during this challenging time." A rep for Angelina also told the publication: “Angelina Jolie Pitt has filed for dissolution of the marriage. “This decision was made for the health of the family. “She will not be commenting at this time, and asks that the family be given their privacy during this difficult time.”