The Mayor of London made his case after reports revealed that the EU has dealt a multi-million-pound blow to UK trade. His comments also came after the Government won a Commons vote on the Northern Ireland Bill, authorising a second reading on legislation to alter the Brexit deal concerning Northern Ireland.  Speaking to Mark Dolan on GB News on Wednesday night, Journalist Ms Platell said: “That is not a possibility. “We can't re-enter the single market, it's completely impossible. “You have to accept the decision, there is no re-entering the single market. “Why do you even talk about re-entering the single market? This cannot happen.”  Her comment came after the show’s host Mr Dolan asked her: “The bottom line is, if we enter the single market, the economy would get a boost. It would fix the current tensions.” Re-entering the single market means the fluidity between the Republic of Ireland's border, a single market member, and the UK's border, could be compromised. The protocol will come under scrutiny in the coming weeks and Boris Johnson's goal to override parts of the Northern Ireland agreement, which details post-Brexit trade first set out in 2018, is ever closer Meanwhile, Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer has dismissed a return to the single market and said his party is not nationally advocating to rejoin. READ MORE: EU mocked for expensive £1.25 produce as Brexit delivers  However, ministers are looking to portray the Labour and the Liberal Democrats as seeking to reverse Brexit. Tory minister Tobias Ellwood recently shared a similar view and suggested the UK should rejoin the EU single market to ease the cost-of-living crisis. The chair of the Commons Defence Committee said that problems concerning trade and the Northern Ireland Protocol would “disappear” if the UK rejoined the single market. Tory peers criticised Mr Ellwood’s view, with Tom Tugendhat saying: “Let's plan for the future and stop looking back. This decision is made.” DON'T MISS:'Putin wouldn't have invaded if he was a woman' Boris' stunning claimG7 agrees to explore cap on Russian oil price War fears skyrocket as Truss says UK should send Taiwan weapons