Johnny Depp, 58, has opened a TikTok account after vowing to “get his life back” after winning his multimillion-dollar libel suit against his ex-wife, Amber Heard, 36. The actor joined the social media site on Monday and has already amassed more than two million followers. The verified account features a black and white photograph of Mr Depp and “Occasional Thespian” written in the bio.At the time of writing, the Pirates of the Caribbean star has not yet shared any videos.Nor has he followed any other users or liked any posts.It comes after Johnny released a public statement when his legal victory was announced last Wednesday. READ MORE:Kirstie Allsopp blasts commentator for 'clearly loathing' Royal Family He penned in view of his 24 million Instagram followers: “Six years ago, my life, the lives of my children...were forever changed.“False, very serious and criminal allegations were levied at me via the media, which triggered an endless barrage of hateful content, although no charges were brought against me...“And six years later, the jury gave me my life back. I am truly humbled.”Johnny added that he has been “overwhelmed” by the amount of support he has received. He concluded: “The best is yet to come, and a new chapter has finally begun.”The jury at Fairfax County Courthouse in Virginia found that Ms Heard had defamed Mr Depp in her 2018 op-ed for The Washington Post.The verdict ruled that Mr Depp won all three of his claims and Ms Heard now needs to pay her ex-husband $10.4 million in damages.The statements include the headline: “I spoke up against sexual violence - and faced our culture’s wrath. That has to change.” DON'T MISS'Not your place!' Victoria Beckham slammed for tribute to the Queen[INSIGHT]Deborah James answers critics after ‘uncalled for’ Meghan Markle jibe[NEWS]James Whale throws Lizzie Cundy off TalkTV for blasting Meghan Markle[LATEST] And two other sentences: “Then two years ago, I became a public figure representing domestic abuse, and I felt the full force of our culture’s wrath for women who speak out."  And: “I had the rare vantage point of seeing, in real time, how institutions protect men accused of abuse.” Ms Heard only won one of the three claims in her countersuit. The jury found that Mr Depp defamed her through his lawyer Adam Waldman and will have to pay her $2 million.Following the verdict, Ms Heard also shared a statement in which she said she was “disappointed” and “heartbroken”. She penned to her 5 million followers: “I am heartbroken that the mountain of evidence still was not enough to stand up to the disproportionate power, influence, and sway of my ex-husband.“I am even more disappointed with what this verdict means for other women. It is a setback.“It sets back the clock to a time when a woman who spoke up and spoke out could be publicly shamed and humiliated.”