The Queen was accompanied by a number of senior working royals, plus a collection of her non-working descendants. But Meghan Markle and Prince Harry were not among the gathered royals, despite confirmation that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were attending the Trooping the Colour parade.  But Meghan was spotted watching the parade with other Royal Family members, even playfully shushing the Tindall children. She was then snapped chatting with the Duke of Kent, Prince Harry at her side. The Palace said in advance of the Jubilee weekend that they would not stand for the iconic balcony shot, after stepping down as senior royals. A statement confirmed that "after careful consideration" the monarch, 96, decided to limit attendance to working royals.   This excluded the Duke and Duchess, who relocated to the US in 2020, and Prince Andrew. But Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan, 40, made the trip nonetheless for a number of other royal engagements over the weekend.  A spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess said the couple were "excited and honoured" to fly back across to UK soil for the extended celebrations. They touched down in the UK on Wednesday, along with their two children, Archie and Lilibet. READ MORE: Queen adds EXTRA date to Jubilee calendar - despite health fears  This will be a homecoming for three-year-old Archie, but a first time for Lilibet. The Queen's great-granddaughter and namesake will celebrate her first birthday during the Jubilee on Saturday. Crowds surrounding the Palace cheered as they saw the Royal Family assembled on the balcony, waiting for the famed RAF flypast. Heading to Buckingham Palace from east London, the Red Arrows painted the skies above the capital red, white and blue. DON'T MISS: Jubilee LIVE: Celebrations across Britain as Meghan and Harry return [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should moaning republicans just 'shut up' during Jubilee? [VOTE] Jubilee row explodes as Harry and Meghan told they are 'NOT welcome' [REACTION] The crowds were delighted to see Royal Family members arriving at Horse Guards Parade this morning in carriages, with the young Cambridges attracting particular praise. Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, looked radiant as she travelled with Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. The Jubilee celebrations was the first time the three royal siblings have attended a Trooping the Colour parade. They sat opposite Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, as they made their way down The Mall.  They were not joined by Prince William, who rode on horseback with his father, Prince Charles, and aunt, Princess Anne. The Cambridge carriage was closely followed by the arrival of the Wessexes, including Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn.