Darwin Nunez is 'keen' on joining Erik ten Hag's summer transfer rebuild at Manchester United. That is according to talkSPORT, who claim Benfica have placed a hefty £68million price tag on the prolific Uruguay striker. Nunez has become a target for a host of Europe's elite clubs after netting 34 goals this season, including strikes in both legs of the Champions League quarter-final defeat to Liverpool. The 22-year-old has made nine appearances for his country so far, and will be hoping to earn his place in this year's World Cup squad where Diego Alonso's side will face Ghana, Portugal, and South Korea. Champions League qualification is said to be a priority for Nunez next season, but ten Hag will still attempt to convince the striker to make the move to Old Trafford this summer. Newcastle United and West Ham both reportedly made an approach for the forward in January, but have since seen his stock rise further with his performances in the Champions League knockout stages. The Red Devils will face a battle for Nunez's signature should they pursue a move, with domestic rivals Arsenal, Chelsea, Liverpool and Tottenham all credited with an interest. Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain are among the European heavyweights also linked with a deal. JUST IN: Man Utd may have Arnaut Danjuma transfer hopes wrecked by Liverpool as £17m regret emerges  Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano recently confirmed Nunez had '100%' committed to a transfer this summer following two seasons in Portugal. The striker signed from Almeria in September 2020, and has gone on to register 47 goals and 16 assists in 84 appearances for the Eagles. Nunez still has three years remaining on his deal at the Estadio da Luz, meaning Benfica remain in a strong position should they sanction a sale this summer. The striker has been assigned a value of £49.5 million on TransferMarkt, but interested parties will almost certainly have to go above this figure to broker a deal. READ MORE  Man Utd ace Harry Maguire names only United player who 'performed to a level' this season Dominic Calvert-Lewin's stance on joining Man Utd, Arsenal or Newcastle Liverpool and Man City have made 'discreet' offers to Mason Mount amid Man Utd interest    Nunez is one of a host of players linked with a transfer to Old Trafford as part of ten Hag's rejuvenation of United's underperforming squad. The Red Devils endured a dismal end to the campaign under interim boss Ralf Rangnick, and will have to settle for Europa League football next term after missing out on a top-four finish. Ten Hag has been tipped to raid his former club Ajax for defender Jurrien Timber, with the latest reports indicating talks have already opened over a deal for the 20-year-old. Timber himself has addressed the speculation, admitting he will consider his future this summer.  Frenkie de Jong is also said to be another target, with Barcelona's ongoing financial woes reportedly leading the Catalan giants to contemplate a sale of the former Ajax playmaker. However, the Netherlands international has declared he would like to stay with Xavi's side despite the talk of a move to United. Indeed, it is set to be a busy summer for United. Manager Ten Hag has made no secret of his desire to bolster his ranks as he attempts to return the club to their glory days.