The Queen biopic Bohemian Rhapsody is riding high on both Netflix and Disney Plus right now, reminding us all yet again of the genius and majestic flamboyance of Freddie Mercury. It is no surprise his personality sometimes spilled over into explosive run-ins with other famous folks. – usually topped off with a killer remark. Of course, his music also lives on in the current world tour of Queen and Adam Lambert. Every night, Brian May duets emotionally with Freddie on Love of My Life but he has also frequently described many of the most outrageous and colourful moments he shared with the much missed star. Including the hugely entertaining story of a particularly memorable battle of wills between Freddie and another legend who was just as famous, just as outrageous and just as hard-headed. It all happened during the recording of an iconic Queen track with David Bowie. The song, of course, was 1982's Under Pressure from the Hot Space album. The title, it seems was particularly appropriate. May, in his typicallly understated style, previously said: "It wasn't easy because we were all precocious boys and David was very... forceful, yes. Freddie and David locked horns, without a doubt. But those are the things that happen in a studio, that's when the sparks fly and that's why it turned out so great." May shared a particular wonderful example that sums it up and creates an entertaining and very vivid image of what was going on. Under Pressure was written primarily by Freddie, with John Deacon contributing the iconic guitar riff, and the track was recorded at Queen's own studio in Lausanne, Switzerland. Both Queen and Bowie had homes and studios near Lake Geneva and the iconic recording came about as the result of some chaotic jamming and recording sessions with rather a lot of drinking and carousing in between – plus Freddie's own unique ways of getting himself ready. Freddie's long-term PA Peter Freestone told Express Online Freddie actually used to provoke people on purpose when there was music to be made: "Freddie would provoke fights because that gave him the impetus to work, it got his juices flowing." Incredibly, more than one track was recorded during an all-day and night session, but Bowie was reportedly unhappy with the results and would not agree to release them. On top of all the creative tensions, Freddie and Bowie were also playing out their own private mini-drama. Brian recalled: "(They battled) in subtle ways, like who would arrive last at the studio. So it was sort of wonderful and terrible. But in my mind, I remember the wonderful now, more than the terrible." It's a great picture, the two stars holding back, each trying to make sure they made the final grand entrance. Remarkably, twelve years earlier, the two stars had crossed paths twice before Freddie had even released a record. DON'T MISSBohemian Rhapsody: Freddie Mercury sister's ‘bizarre' reaction to Rami MalekBohemian Rhapsody set chaos: ‘The s*** hit the fan’ – Rami Malek Queen: Freddie Mercury's heartfelt gift to Brian May proved his love While studying fashion at Ealing Art College, Freddie would play the piano in the main hall and travel to pubs and venues where up-and-coming bands were performing. One day in Spring 1969, the as-yet-unknown David Bowie swaggered into the college and Freddie rushed to make himself useful. Bowie was booked to play a small lunch-time gig and a put a fascinated Freddie to work. Apparently, a little star-struck, he offered to carry the musician's gear and equipment. He was also put to use, pushing tables together to make a makeshift stage for his fellow budding star to perform on. That July, Bowie released Space Oddity and was on the road to superstardom. A few months later, he met Freddie again. Along with Queen's Roger Taylor, he was dabbling with selling second-hand clothes at markets to make some much-needed extra money. They were taken on by well-known Kensington Market trader Alan Mair, to help with his much more popular stall. Mair knew David Bowie's early manager at the time and this lead to the budding star popping by one day. All those years later, Under Pressure became a huge hit. The stars remained on excellent terms and Bowie would sing Under Pressure with Annie Lennox at The Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert in 1992.