The Duke of York has scarcely been seen since settling a civil suit against him out of court, in which he made no admission of guilt, earlier this year. After appearing at a memorial service, he toiled on the Windsor estate, not making any appearances at the Platinum Jubilee earlier this month after testing positive for Covid.  He had reportedly attempted to make a return to the public eye for the Order of the Garter service, but this appearance was said to be blocked by Princes William and Charles. The Duke was said to be so upset with them that he decided to not attend the Royal Ascot. However, sources quoted in the Times suggested this had been agreed “without fuss” and that the prince was beginning to listen to his advisors. Prince Andrew was spared more blushes when it was announced that the Queen and the Prince of Wales would be the only royals whose birthdays would see Government buildings fly the Union flag in celebration of.   Other royals cut from the list include the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. His sighting today behind the wheel of a car in Windsor comes after a lawyer in the US revealed to the Sunday Mirror that they were drawing up papers to subpoena the Duke. Caroline Kaufman claims she was raped by Epstein in December 2010, when she was 17, and is suing the now-dead paedophile financier's half-a-billion pound estate. Her representatives say Prince Andrew was visiting the now-dead paedophile financier in his home in New York on the same night, and are looking for a witness statement from the Duke.  The civil lawsuit does not accuse the Duke of any wrongdoing, nor does it allege that he was aware of an attack on Ms Kaufman. Ms Kaufman’s lawyer, Spencer Kuvin, said: “We are looking into serving Prince Andrew. “We’d get a subpoena issued here in the States which is brought over to England and localised, then we would have to locate him and have him served.   “He should be a fairly easy target to locate.” In her claim against Epstein’s $630million (£515million) estate, Ms Kaufman said she was invited to his Upper East Side townhouse for a “modelling interview”.   She says she was then taken to a massage room, where she was allegedly raped by the multi-millionaire. Epstein was found dead in his New York prison cell in 2019 while he was awaiting trial on sex-trafficking charges. 