Carol Kirkwood has taken BBC viewers through the week's forecast which includes a blazing spike in temperatures on Thursday thanks to a European heatwave moving up from Spain, where the mercury could hit 43 celsius. Ms Kirkwood did warn Britons that the scorching weather is not to linger long with a cold front already building in the north which will eventually push the temperatures back down to average by the weekend. Ms Kirkwood told BBC Breakfast: "As we go through the next few days what you're going to find is it's going to turn hot and humid for some, especially England and Wales. "But by the time we get to Friday, some of that heat will be just moving a little bit further north into southern Scotland and the south of Northern Ireland, but the temperatures will always be highest in the SouthEast of England. "Now it's been very hard as we've been hearing in Spain yesterday it was 42 Celsius inland, today it's likely to be about 43. "This is a temperature anomaly chart, the keys up here so where you see the brands and the russet colours, that's where temperatures are way above average. "So today you can see quite nicely across much of Western Europe, if I run the sequence watch the UK because this heat is transferring northwards. "So we're looking at Thursday, and then into Friday look at the heat travels northwards across our shores. "But then on Saturday, the cooler average temperatures return from the north and that's because we've got a cold front sinking south. "It will also bring fresher air and also some rain as it pushes South on Saturday, not quite clearing the warmer air in the far south of England, but that will happen as the front sinks southwards."  "So to give you an idea of the kind of temperatures we're looking at, by the time we get to Friday for much of Scotland and also Northern Ireland, a range of 15 to 19 Celsius in between for the rest of Scotland and much of England and Wales," continued Ms Kirkwood. "The range will be between 25 and 29. "But in the far southeast of England, it's likely to be 31 or 32 Celsius." She added: "What we have today though is a fair bit of cloud spilling in across Northern Ireland, Scotland, and high cloud across parts of England, and Wales but here it is quite thin. DON'T MISSRyanair horror: 'Drunk' passenger 'handcuffed' and removed from plane [REVEAL]Prince William was 'a little scared’ giving damehood to Sheila Hancock [INSIGHT]Brexit plot: Rejoiners accused of using 'threats and porkies' [UPDATE] "We're seeing a lot of sunshine to start the day and through the day that will further cloud will develop but by the end of the day that will melt away and the sunshine will be back. "For Northern Ireland and Scotland, we've got some rain we've got some drizzle as well, and a fresh breeze across the far northwest the temperatures today ranging from 13 in Lerwick to 18 in Belfast to 25 in London." The weatherwoman concluded: "That weather fronts sinking south during the course of Friday, taking its rain with it. "Note the temperatures in Fort William 15 and 14, and as we come further south Cambridge, on Friday it will be 31 But as that weather front goes through, checking its rain with it. "The temperature will drop back to 23. So if you like it hot, it's going to be fairly short-lived."