Royal author Claudia Joseph said the Duke of Cambridge, who turns 40 today, is embracing his role. Ms Joseph highlighted a marked change in the future King, who is second in line to the throne, since tying the knot with the Duchess of Cambridge and having children. The royal author also said William has stepped up since the death of the Duke of Edinburgh. Ms Joseph told OK! magazine: “It’s astonishing how much William has changed since he got married and became a father. “He has certainly stepped up to the mark since the death of his grandfather Prince Philip last year, and seems to have embraced his role, rather than resent it.” Ms Joseph's comments come as William celebrates his milestone 40th birthday today. Members of the Royal Family have taken to social media to wish the Duke a happy birthday. William and Kate will reportedly hold a joint 40th party in the summer after the Duchess's birthday celebrations in January were cancelled due to rising Covid cases. The future King has set out his key birthday as a turning point, pledging more help for those who are struggling. He vowed to continue to raise awareness of the issue of homelessness in an article for the Big Issue. READ MORE: Prince Charles ‘upset’ at being ‘eclipsed’ in Royal Family It came after he took to the streets of London to sell the magazine earlier this month. William said: "I have always believed in using my platform to help tell those stories and to bring attention and action to those who are struggling. "I plan to do that now I'm turning 40, even more than I have in the past. "So, for my part, I commit to continue doing what I can to shine a spotlight on this solvable issue not just today, but in the months and years to come." DON'T MISSJennie Bond addresses 'burden of kingship' for Prince William [VIDEO]Prince George follows William's lead with adorable cake sale [INSIGHT]Jennie Bond lifts lid on secret to Kate and William's relationship [ANALYSIS] William's milestone birthday comes just after the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Senior royals are stepping up to support the 96-year-old monarch, who suffers from episodic mobility issues. In the coming decade the future king's role will become more prominent. He is likely to mark his big day privately with his wife and their three children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. William met Kate at the University of St Andrews and the pair wed in 2011 after dating for more than eight years. The couple welcomed their first child George, also a future king, in 2013, followed by Charlotte in 2015 and Louis in 2018. 