Meghan Markle, 40, is known to prefer yoga over team sports like hockey and rugby. Kate Middleton, on the other hand, loved these sports growing up and is now the patron of the England Rugby team. Health and fitness expert Sarah Campus, the founder of LDN MUMS FITNESS, spoke to Express.co.uk about the Duchess of Sussex’s exercise routine.  She said: “Meghan has been a long-time advocate of yoga, with her mother Doria Ragland — who is an instructor in Los Angeles — playing a major role in her love for the practice. “Yoga is Meghan’s thing, she started doing mummy-and-me yoga with her mother when she was seven. “As a child, she was very resistant, but her mother told her to give it time and that she will eventually find her flow, which happened and as such since college she has practised yoga regularly.” What would be her specific yoga routine - and what kind of impact has this had on her figure?  READ MORE: Mike Tindall's 'closeness to William created a dilemma' with Sussexes Sarah noted: “Meghan’s favourite type of yoga is an intense vinyasa class – and even better if it’s blasting hip-hop and done in a dark room with candlelight. The best in her eyes! “She’ll do yoga a couple of times a week – hot yoga specifically. Meghan's dedication to yoga shows in her lithe physique. “Yoga is more than just a physical workout. Yoga itself means union between body and mind, and taking even just a few minutes to practice can help refuel one's spirit and sense of self which has been reflected upon Meghan. “Yoga generates heat within the muscles, which reduces the risk of injury so that you can safely burn as many as 600 calories a session while conditioning your entire body.”  What does Meghan’s love of yoga reveal about her personality? The expert suggested: “Meghan’s personality is thoughtful and idealistic, she strives to support people and help them reach their potential which has been supported through yoga with its focus, concentration and flow of the mind, body and soul. “Meghan goes above and beyond for friends, family and those in need, so certainly this personality reaches to all aspects of her life.” How does the Duchess of Cambridge’s workout routine differ from Meghan’s?  Michael Brigo, a personal trainer from brigopt.com told Express.co.uk: “The Duchess of Cambridge has a slender and athletic physique. “This is most likely shaped by doing resistance-based gym workouts, primarily focusing on strength training using bodyweight and weights. “In addition, she’s an outdoorsy person and has been known to enjoy running, skiing and tennis, it wouldn’t surprise me if on average her run was 10km or above.” Dr Charlotte Norton, the Medical Director at The Slimming Clinic also told Express.co.uk: “The Duchess of Cambridge is well-known for being naturally athletic and a huge admirer of spending time in nature and keeping fit.  “Of course, Kate's naturally slender frame is partly down to genetics, but it's no secret that the royal mother-of-three enjoys all things athletic and is reported to appreciate a good workout. “Whether it’s cross country, tennis or walking, she has been known to enjoy sports.” Has Kate always been sporty, ever since a child? Dr Charlotte added: “I believe Kate has always led a healthy and active lifestyle. From a young age, it is clear she was an avid lover of sports such as cross country and continues to partake in sports as time has gone on. “I truly think Kate’s secret is consistency. There hasn’t been a moment in history so far where she has had a dramatic change in appearance, even post-pregnancy and I think that’s due to being consistent with diet and exercise.” 