So far, in both situations, the mere fact that we have not been shackled to the EU has meant that we have been able to act more swiftly and with more impact than our continental friends. It has almost been forgotten now how we were able to act quickly and decisively over the procurement and production of vaccines. We have also almost forgotten how the EU broke the Northern Ireland Protocol in order to block the export of vaccines so desperate were their own responses. So far, so disgraceful. However the behaviour of the EU over the invasion and rape of Ukraine is something to be even more shocked by. The larger western nations, particularly Germany and France, have been shown to be so self-serving and duplicitous they've even got their normally supine media classes asking questions. Decades of following EU policy on Climate Change, which was more a method to export energy production elsewhere to make their own carbon balance sheet look good, rather than change the global situation, have destroyed any idea of energy security. This has been compounded by Germany in particular naively ignoring the understandable concerns of Poland and others and handing its energy policy on a plate to Putin. Senior former German politicians had been the great cheerleaders of oil and gas pipelines that skirted other countries despite watching Putin and his gang use pipelines and their ability to turn the taps on and off as a key foreign policy tool. This has not gone unnoticed in the Ukraine itself, with President Zelensky and other key Ukrainian figures going out of their way to applaud the UK's efforts and highlight the failures of the EU. Not for nothing did Ukraine award the UK top score in the recent Eurovision. And not for nothing did they award a resounding nul points to both France and Germany.   Zelensky gave the EU a full two barrels on Monday for compromising yet again on its position over an embargo over oil imports from Russia. Since the conflict began the EU has paid the Russians €56.5 billion for energy, €30 billion is crude oil supplies. That is in just four months. Now they say they will cut non pipeline imports by the end of the year but are at loggerheads over the details. The problem is that even then £20 billion would still have been paid, as a third of the EU’s imports come by pipeline which are excluded from the deal and have increased over the period by 200,000 barrels a day. Every day the EU is funding, and is committed to continue to fund, the Russian war machine. The French under Macron are still trying to burnish their diplomatic credentials by continuing with dialogue with the dictator, and infamously Germany keeps promising arms to Ukraine, which either turn up late, or mouldy, or not at all. Global Britain is leading the way while EU countries continue to squabble and fight fuelled by barely disguised self interest. 