Recently, Ukrainian and Russian soldiers have met to participate in the grim exchange of their respective fallen soldiers. Earlier this month the Ukrainian Ministry for Reintegration confirmed that delegates of troops had met on the frontlines in the southeast Ukrainian region of Zaporizhzhia to hand over the bodies of the deceased. It said it planned to continue such exchanges, a requirement set out in international humanitarian law. Ukrainian soldiers are now finding and moving tens of bodies — mostly in the eastern regions like the Donbas — to be identified and later transported. Most, it is believed, use not detailed maps or coordinates of where the fallen soldiers may lay, but rather follow their noses: the stench of the decay is a sure indicator that bodies are near. While some bodies appear fresh, others have long since succumbed to decomposition: first bloating, then actively decaying, later reaching advanced decay, and finally becoming dry skeletons, almost dust-like. Antonia Cundy, a freelance journalist, travelled to Vilkhivka, a village in Kharkiv Oblast, to witness first-hand the work of the Ukrainian soldiers. Speaking to some of the workers for a report in The Sunday Times, she noted the discovery of a man clad in three jackets, "the body of someone’s son, husband, brother or father is mottled and swollen, its blackened features largely unidentifiable". The soldier said: "He is sleeping now, on Ukrainian land." Part of a two-man team in the Kharkiv region known as the "200" unit, the soldier — known as the "Lawyer" — and his work partner, "Summer", prefer to call themselves "lords of the corpses". Lawyer and Summer, Ms Cundy reported, regularly drive 120 miles a day and follow tip-offs from local residents and civilians who come across remains. JUST IN: Vladimir Putin struggling to keep upright as leader's legs buckle Lawyer, glibly, said: "It’s the best job in the world," while Summer added: "We’re like sniffer dogs — we follow our nose.” Added to the grim job is the possibility that a dead body could be booby-trapped, filled with hidden explosives. To get around this, the soldiers have to drag the body until they are satisfied that the corpse is not laden with bombs. It means that the bodies are often pulled in indecent directions, their clothes riding up, t-shirts tearing, but Summer notes: "If the body is mined it means we keep our life. We try to do it with as much dignity as possible.” DON'T MISS 'We haven't learned': Holocaust survivor on the war in Ukraine [REPORT] Ukraine war casualties in full: How losses compare to Russia's [INSIGHT] Royal Marine Falklands guard recalls how POWs 'wept’ when war was lost [ANALYSIS] To identify the men, the soldiers search abandoned Russian camps, leafing through documents for any names, addresses, titles. Ms Cundy writes: "The men’s grisly work gives a stark insight into the wartime repatriation of the dead, often conducted on an exchange basis: a corpse for a corpse." Once collected, the body bags are transported on freight trains and then loaded onto refrigerated lorries. It is then that the bodies are traded with the Russians, the exchanges overseen by the International Committee of the Red Cross, which plays the role of neutral intermediary. There is another element to the collecting and identifying of bodies: a brief glimpse into the military strategy of the Russians, information about what units have been fighting where, and a chance to identify those suspected of war crimes. War crimes trials against Russian soldiers have already been held in Ukraine. Last month, a 21-year-old tank commander in the Russian armed forces pleaded guilty to killing an unarmed civilian. Vadim Shishimarin admitted shooting a 62-year-old man just days after the invasion began, and will now face life in jail. The widow of the man was present in the court, and wept throughout the trial. After he and his unit had came under heavy fire, Shishimarin and four other soldiers stole a car and, en route to the nearby town of Chupakhivka, came across Oleksandr Shelipov cycling on his bike, a meeting which saw Shishimarin shoot Mr Shelipov in the head. The prosecutors said Shishimarin was ordered to kill him and used a Kalashnikov assault rifle to carry out the act.