Earlier this month, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle made their first official UK return since stepping down as senior members of the Royal Family in 2020. The couple, and their two children, landed in the UK on Wednesday, June 1. Their trip lasted only a few days as the family travelled home to the US during the afternoon on June 6, hours before the Platinum Jubilee celebrations concluded. Speaking to US Weekly's host Christina Garibaldi, royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams discussed the Sussexes flying visit to the UK. Mr Fitzwilliams said: "The fact that they've released a photograph of Lilibet [Lili] is very charming. "First one we've seen." He added: "The facts also are they did not and were never going to, overshadow it [the Jubilee celebrations]. "There was so much written about them in the weeks which were leading up to it but behind the scenes it was made absolutely certain that essentially they appear relatively fleetingly." READ MORE: How Charles and William scuppered 'delusional' Prince Andrew's 'bullish' royal return Ms Garibaldi replied: "That makes sense". Last month, it was confirmed that the couple, along with Archie and Lilibet, would return to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. At the time, a spokesperson for Prince Harry and Meghan told Bazaar.com that the couple were "excited and honoured" to attend the celebrations. The spokesperson also confirmed that the pair were to bring their two children along for the visit. READ MORE: Kate and William tipped for final move at home 'so special to them' once children grow up In April, during his sit-down interview with NBC Today, Prince Harry told host Hoda Kotb that he "doesn't know" if his family would attend the celebrations to mark the Queen's 70-year reign. During the interview, Harry said he was “trying to make it possible”, especially so that his children could see the Queen. His previous hesitation was due to security fears. DON'T MISS Lena Tindall slaps down Prince Louis as she fiercely defends her snack [INSIGHT]Prince Louis copied his dad over Jubilee to 'follow protocol'  [REPORT]Kate has 'strongest of bonds' with Prince Louis and his 'playfulness' [REVEAL] During their public appearance at the Jubilee celebrations, Harry and Meghan kept a low profile. They watched the Trooping the Colour with other members of the family from the Duke of Wellington’s former office. The couple also attended, arriving hand-in-hand, a national memorial service at St Paul’s Cathedral for the Queen’s seven-decade reign. A few days after celebrations ended, a first official photograph was released of their daughter, Lilibet, who celebrated her first birthday in the UK on June 4.