After performing at the Isle of Wight Festival on Friday (June 17), the busy Red Arrows have taken to the skies again today for a flypast for Northern Ireland’s Banbridge Armed Force Day as well as the hotly-anticipated Duxford Airshow. From the far south to the northwest, here’s the route the Red Arrows have taken, and are due to take for the shows today. Forming in 1964, the Red Arrows are the Royal Airforce’s aerobatic display team based at RAF Scampton. Over time, their iconic displays have become must-see events, garnering widespread attraction as the apex of most major national commemorations. This year has yet again been a busy one for the Arrows. Undertaking its 58th season, this weekend is jampacked with shows for the public to enjoy. Saturday will see the jets perform at two events, swooping from Bournemouth up to Aldergrove in Northern Ireland, then over to Duxford for a flypast to supplement the world-class display.  READ MORE: Polar air set to chill boiling Britain as heatwave FINALLY ends  Coming up from Bournemouth at around 11am this morning, the Red Arrows flew over western areas of England and Wales to Aldergrove in Northern Ireland for the Banbridge Armed Forces Day at 12pm. From Aldergrove, the jets will fly back overseas to England from the direction of Point Lynas in North Wales at an estimated 2.32pm before heading down over the midlands, taking in parts of Shropshire and Worcester to reach the Costwolds for 2.57pm. From Upper Oddington, the planes will fly east over Chacombe, Shillington and Therfield before reaching Duxford at 3.09pm for the flyover.  Here’s the list of approximate timings for each area of the Duxford flypast route today: DON'T MISS:Drivers urged to use ventilation trick that doesn’t rely on air con [EXPLAINED]Flight attendant shares how to safely pop your ears on a flight [INSIGHT]Nigel Farage points to three signs of Brexit backtracking in warning [ANALYSIS]     The weather may impact the route making timings subject to change, but this is the anticipated route according to Military Airshows. The Duxford Summer Airshow takes place on Saturday, June 18 and Sunday, June 19, at the Imperial War Museum Duxford; Europe’s largest air museum and historical airfield. The show exhibits a wide variety of aircraft types from the UK and overseas in a spectacular four-hour show to celebrate Britain’s incredibly fleet.  From world-class formation display teams to daring aerial acts from the Aerosuperbatic WingWalkers, the show promises solid entertainment to ticketholders as well as extensive on-the-ground historical exhibitions and workshops. Tickets for Saturday, June 18 are no longer available however, there is still time to grab some for Sunday’s show. To book, visit the website here. 