Dave Harford, 43, spotted the white car travelling along the M5 with no other vehicles anywhere to be seen. However, Dave took to Twitter to complain, raging that drivers should keep to the left and that "middle lane hogging" is dangerous and causes congestion. But he claims the driver was doing around 50mph at around 5am - when the road appeared deserted - and had been in the middle lane for approximately one mile near Worcester. Nevertheless, lane hogging is an example of "careless driving," for which motorists can be fined £100. Dave, from Worcester, said: "Traffic was behind this vehicle and said traffic had to move to lane 3 to go past him - causing more risk. "Yes. The car was a BMW, but they aren’t the only ones who do it People need to take responsibility for their actions and stop blaming others and finding excuses. "It’s lane hogging. It’s illegal and causes congestion when lots of traffic is around."  Laws introduced in 2013 gave police officers the power to hand out on-the-spot fines of £100 and three penalty points for the offence. RAC says tailgating, accidentally running a red light and even being distracted by eating or drinking are other examples of "careless driving". Other motorists also slammed the BMW driver online after the picture was shared widely. One said: "The lanes to the right are overtaking lanes. If you're not overtaking, you shouldn't be in it. The clue is in the name..." Another posted: "Middle Lane hoggers are just poor drivers with no confidence to change lanes confidently, shouldn’t be on the motorway." A third wrote: "As someone who drives a vehicle that can't go into lane three, I find middle lane hoggers really annoying. Especially when they then sit at 55-60 and won't pull over so you have to hang back since I can't undertake as it is illegal." But a minority backed the driver. "This is not an example of hogging as there are no other vehicles wanting/needing to occupy that lane," wrote one Twitter user. Another posted: "They are alone on a quiet motorway at 5am. They are hardly going to cause huge congestion."