Fern Britton, 64, enjoyed a 20-year marriage to celebrity chef Phil Vickery, and has struggled with moving on. Now, two years after their split, she relies on a close bond with her cats when she feels lonely. "I miss the opportunity of talking through a problem with another adult, to get their take on it," she confessed. "So I talk to the cats, who usually have the answer. "[Phil and I] were the best of friends, and I miss that friendship," she mused. However, explaining why their love fell apart, she admitted to the Daily Mail's Weekend magazine: "There comes a point when the children are substantially off your hands and you look at each other and wonder where you’re going to go from here." READ NOW: Richard Madeley and wife Judy in rare joint appearance at Ascot Yoga-loving Fern added that her life has become more peaceful since closing the door on her relationship with Phil. "People say they bounce back from a long relationship, but it takes a while," she clarified to Woman and Home magazine. "The rebound is difficult. You chuck the pebble in the pond, but the ripples go on for a very long time. “It’s been a long time getting to the dawn, but I’m in another brand-new chapter and do feel it will be all right."  Fern reported that the explosive row they had about her Mensa membership was the catalyst that caused her marriage to disintegrate. Talking on the Walking The Dog with Emily Dean podcast, she elaborated: "He had this degree and I don’t [so] I secretly went off and did the Mensa. "I lied, I said I was going somewhere else, and it took a day to do this test. I passed — and quite well too." She added: "Then [Clive] was furious so he did it because he’s got a huge brain, but he’s not a problem solver and he didn’t get it." She admitted that "an immense rift opened" which ultimately spelt the beginning of the end for their 12-year marriage. The pair went their separate ways back in 2000. The test result places Fern in the top two percentile in the UK for intelligence. "Some people think, 'Oh she’s too stupid' but I’m bright actually," she insisted.