Stefanos Tsitsipas set up a mouth-watering third round clash with Nick Kyrgios at Wimbledon after beating Jordan Thompson 6-2, 6-3, 7-5. The Greek star was in firm control from the very beginning of the match and even a wild outburst from Thompson could not put him off.  With Matteo Berrettini withdrawing from the tournament and Daniil Medvedev and Alexander Zverev absent, Tsitsipas is one of the favourites to challenge Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal for the title. But the No 4 seed faces one of the most dangerous players in the world on grass in the next round. "I feel like there isn't a single person here that doesn't know Nick. He is, in a way, Wimbledon," Tsitsipas said. "We have played each other and had great matches against one another in many tour level competitions. "I have respect for his game and the way he is able to utilise his talents and the way he is able to fight when he really wants to. It is going to be a challenging one on grass and he is a big opponent for this surface."   Tsitsipas expanded on his feelings towards Kyrgios in his press conference, adding: "Nick has more matches on me in these courts. He claims to like grass. I think his game is good for the grass. "I am definitely thrilled to be facing him. I respect him a lot, on the court, what he's trying to do. Although he has been a little controversial in the past, I think he's playing good tennis. "I'm going to try and concentrate on doing my thing and pay attention to my own game from start to finish. Hopefully I can stay there and do something great, have a great competitive match against him."   Kyrgios beats Tsitsipas at the Halle Open earlier this month so the Greek star is fully aware of what to expect when he steps onto the court. "Look, I think he's difficult opponent to face," Tsitsipas said. "I faced him at the US Open few years ago. He's a very difficult guy to play against. He hits both serves full power, which shows he has no fear when he's playing. "But his game, in my opinion, is very risky. If he's on a great day, he can pretty much beat anybody I think. He really brings the margin even lower of what, let's say, a safe spot would be. But I do respect that a lot for him, you know, trying to play that way because no one really does these days.  "His net coverage is great. I think he's practicing that every single day for a lot of hours. Kind of being able to maintain that isn't easy. So there's plenty of volley exercises that he does to be able to play the next shot after the serve. "But he's also a tall guy. He's not someone who is 160 tall. So obviously there's a small fair advantage there for him. "I think he realized that's the best way for him, and he's just committed to it. He's very committed. I don't think he has fear when he plays, even if it might come to a tight moment he always does the same thing. "But, yeah, he's very brave in many ways when he plays."  Earlier in the day Kyrgios blasted past Filip Krajinovic inside just 84 minutes before declaring that Wimbledon is his strongest chance of winning a Grand Slam title.