Sophie and Edward travelled to Scotland on Monday to mark the beginning of Holyrood Week. Alongside the Queen, the Earl and Countess of Wessex attended the annual Ceremony of the Keys, the traditional event during which the monarch was offered the keys to the city of Edinburgh. It marked the Queen’s first public engagement since her Platinum Jubilee celebrations at the beginning of this month, when she pledged to continue to serve the country “to the best of my ability supported by my family.” Three of the monarch’s children — Prince Charles, Princess Anne and Edward — will be joined by the Countess of Wessex to conduct a host of public appearances. On Wednesday, Edward, Sophie and Anne will host guests at a garden party at Holyroodhouse in recognition of their positive contributions to communities across Scotland.  Edward and Sophie are known to be close confidantes of the Queen, and are understood to spend a lot of time with the monarch, given that they live just a short drive away from Windsor Castle. The couple have become more prominent figures within the Royal Family in recent years, following the stepping down of Prince Andrew, shock exit of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle and the death of Prince Philip.And despite a rocky introduction to royal life, the Earl and Countess have become  “two of the strongest faces within the Royal Family”, according to one royal expert.Kinsey Schofield, founder and creator of LA-based site ToDiForDaily.com, told Express.co.uk: “I think that Sophie and Edward are a great example of forgiveness within the Royal Family. “They attempted to half in half out — Sophie wanted to continue with her PR firm and Edward wanted to be a producer, he wanted to produce content.“And when they kind of got in trouble for mixing that royal element in with their day-to-day monetised businesses and they were humiliated — the Royal Family allowed them to come back in.”“They are two of the most important faces in the Royal Family right now, that tells you that forgiveness is there and forgiveness is possible, not only within the family but within the world. Now these are two of the strongest faces within the Royal Family and within the brand itself.“That’s decades ago by now. I mean it was forever ago that the Sophie scandal happened when a reporter recorded her talking about her royal contacts during a business meeting.” Here, Ms Schofield refers to a scandal which saw Sophie become the victim of a “fake sheikh” undercover reporter. In 2001, Mazher Mahmoud allegedly lured Sophie to a meeting under the pretence of securing a lucrative PR contract. In the secretly-recorded tapes that resulted, Sophie criticised Cherie Blair, and then-Prime Minister Tony Blair. And perhaps most damning, the Countess appeared to abuse her royal connection, allegedly saying: “When people find we’re working for you, the chances are you’ll get people interested.“[They’ll say,] ‘Oh, gosh, they’ve employed the Countess of Wessex’s PR company.’” DON'T MISS:Review into Queen's taxpayer funding SHELVED [INSIGHT]Queen Letizia stuns in white while Jill Biden dons florals in Madrid [PICTURES]Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry be invited to Balmoral? [POLL] Once the scandal hit the tabloids, Sophie stepped down from her position, releasing a statement, which read: “I am deeply distressed by the carrying out of an entrapment operation on me and my business but I also much regret my own misjudgment in succumbing to that subterfuge.”“This has been a difficult time for me. I take very seriously the issues raised and, naturally, regret any embarrassment above all to the Queen.”Meanwhile, Edward was working at Ardent Productions, which he had founded in 1993. Despite a well-received ITV documentary about his great-uncle Edward VIII — who famously abdicated the throne to marry American divorcee Wallis Simpson — Ardent Productions was largely seen as a “joke” within the industry; the head of one of Ardent’s more successful counterparts told The Guardian in 2002. That year, Edward left the company and began life as a full-time working royal. Having long-been seen as minor characters in the Windsor saga, Edward and Sophie have become increasingly visible as the family’s “new ambassadors”. From being among the first royals to speak to the press after Prince Philip’s death to accompanying the Queen on recent engagements, the lowkey couple has become a permanent fixture in all things royal. Ingrid Seward, author of Prince Philip Revealed: A Man of His Century, told The Times last year: “The Queen is very canny. And she has always been very fond of Sophie. “Prince Philip adored Sophie, and the Queen feels that now is the moment to push her, just gently. ‘Give some interviews, do some stuff. You work very hard, no one takes any notice. Get out there.’ I can see her saying that. “It’s what Prince Philip would have wanted, and now he is gone, doing what he would have wanted keeps his memory alive. I think he would have really liked Edward and Sophie to be a bit more high profile. Ms Seward added: “She got on very well with Philip. She knew how to handle him. The Queen always found that a bit of a relief, if female members of the family knew how to handle Philip. She made him laugh, and was not fazed by his abruptness. She would not let him bully her.”