Rafael Nadal will decide if he is to play at this year's Wimbledon between Friday and Sunday, according to reports. The 22-times Grand Slam champion has been training in Mallorca alongside up and coming Spanish tennis sensation Martin Landaluce in preparation for the tournament. Nadal is a doubt for SW19 after suggesting that he could skip the tournament to ease the pressure on a long-term foot problem. The 35-year-old has struggled with the issue for most of his career but it has flared up over the last few years. After winning the French Open last month, Nadal said: “Wimbledon is a priority, always has been a priority. If I'm able to play with anti-inflammatories, yes. To play with anaesthetic injections, I do not want to put myself in that position again. “It can happen once but no, it's not the philosophy of life I want to follow. Let's see. I am always a positive guy and always expect the things are going the right way. Let's be confident, let's be positive and let's see what's going on." JUST IN: Zverev Wimbledon withdrawal results in 49-year first after Russia ban Nadal has been preparing in Mallorca alongside the 16-year-old ace Landaluce and will make a decision on his participation at Wimbledon over the weekend, according to Spanish publication Deportes Cuatro. The tennis icon played through the pain barrier for most of the French Open. The two-times Wimbledon champion withdrew from the Championships last year, citing the need for some time to recover and focus on other competitions. Novak Djokovic ended up winning the tournament. But Nadal has enjoyed an excellent year so far and extended his record as the most decorated Grand Slam player of all-time by winning at Roland-Garros. The perennial French Open champion defeated Casper Ruud in the final earlier this month. DON'T MISS...Murray's rivals sent Wimbledon warning as trio named as more dangerousCarlos Alcaraz aiming to copy Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal's clashNadal's Wimbledon hopes boosted as Spaniard 'returns to grass court' It came after Nadal also won the Australian Open in January. He has now won 22 Grand Slam titles, two more than rivals Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer. Earlier this week, Nadal’s father Toni suggested that his son would play at Wimbledon even if he had a small chance of playing through his chronic foot problem. Nadal has complained about having to take regular injections to compete. “When we talked yesterday, he said it’s going much better,” Toni Nadal told journalists. “He wants to train. If he has a small chance, he will play Wimbledon.”