James Martin was back on Saturday to host his last episode of Saturday Morning before he takes a break for the summer. The ITV chef welcomed a number of guests and chefs onto the programme including singer Matt Goss, David Gower as well as Galton Blackiston and Mark Birchall. However, as the episode came to a close, James bid farewell to viewers as he explained he was taking a much-needed break from the show. After thanking his guests for appearing on the show, James said: "We are sadly taking a break during the summer." "They're out of a job," the chef joked as the ITV staff could be heard booing in the studio. "We will see you back here on ITV in September," he cheered. READ MORE: Paul Burrell issues stark Meghan and Harry warning "Where I'll be doing this for the rest of my life I have been told. "I will be joined by more top chefs, and other brilliant guests, until then, take care, stay safe and thanks for watching everybody." "Have a great summer," he added as he waved to viewers and staff in the studio. Ahead of his last show on Saturday, James shared the news on social media. He penned: "Sadly our last show before the summer break today but we will be back!" The chef's followers were quick to reply, with many saying they were going to miss the programme over the summer. Angela Navin wrote: "Saturday is not the same without watching your show. xx." (sic) Lynette Jenkins added: "Have a wonderful summer break, well-deserved chef." DON'T MISS...Vera's Brenda Blethyn pays tribute to co-star [INSIGHT]Levin blasts Meghan and Harry's Jubilee stint 'Help Netflix career' [VIDEO]Adil Ray laughs as he mocks Meghan Markle's Jubilee snub [REACTION] "Ohhh no - but have a decent break see you in September," Elen said. While Craig Lord praised: "Cracking show. Looking forward to your return." "Saturday’s just won’t be the same. Enjoy your summer @jamesmartinchef but don’t forget to come back," Brenda Howard told him. Elsewhere in the show, James caused chaos in the kitchen when Galton was demonstrating how to make roast potatoes. The TV chef couldn't resist mocking his pal's cooking method, as he admitted he wouldn't have cooked the potatoes in the same way. "I am trying to multi-task here as I've got my little tray," the chef explained as James chipped in: "You're doing alright, I thought you were going to be stressing...." "Shut up and let me concentrate," Galton raged as he tried to continue with the cooking demo. "Are you frying them?" James asked as he pointed to the potatoes. "Is that not what you do?" Galton asked before the TV presenter disagreed. "There's quite a lot of fat in there." James Martin's Saturday Morning is available to watch on the ITV Hub.