As Putin’s Russian army continues its invasion of Ukraine, his friend and formula Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone appeared on Good Morning Britain to share his thoughts on the Russian President’s actions. And in a remark which shocked Kate Garraway, Ben Shephard and ITV viewers as a whole, Bernie said he’d “take a bullet” for Putin, and claimed the war was merely “a mistake”. When asked by Kate if he would cut ties with Putin following the invasion, for instance, Bernie replied: ”Not at all. “He’s a person who probably if he was in business, had made a mistake and wished he hadn’t had made it. “But after things have happened it’s too late. Could it have been stopped? Very, very easily,” Bernie added, suggesting Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy was also to blame. Needless to say, it didn’t take long for fans to vent fury at Bernie’s remarks. READ MORE: Ben Wallace loses it at Adil Ray accusation ‘Complete hogwash!’ On Twitter, user @Marshmallow3UK simply suggested: “@GMB you have to cut him off.” While @YouBearsssssss fumed: “What A p***k Bernie Ecclestone Is. Says he'd take a bullet for Putin. Says Putin Is A Decent Man..... WHAT!!!!! #GMB” And @denham_365 agreed: “Bernie Ecclestone car crash interview. Don't give him airtime. Disgusting #GMB.” Nicola Corazzo weighed in: “Bernie Eccleston on @GMB what an absolute dinosaur. “Why is he getting airtime? Defending Nelson Piquet's comment and has just described Putin as a 'first class person' who he would take a bullet for.” Adrienne Martin echoed: “@GMB Is Bernie Ecclestone on another planet? I can’t believe what I’m listening too. “A blatant example of an old, white, rich, out-of-touch, right wing male in a position of power. So damaging.” And @stu237 commented: “My word, this interview with Bernie Ecclestone on #GMB is about as car crash an interview as I’ve ever seen. DON'T MISS:GMB fans hit back as guest slams Royal spending 'They help more!'Adil Ray slams Sturgeon for calling ‘another’ referendum  Adil Ray vocalises backs Lewis Hamilton after Piquet's racist remarks “Someone needs to take Bernie aside and have a word, this is embarrassing.” Elsewhere in the chat, Bernie claimed Putin was doing “what he thought was the right thing” by invading Ukraine. “He was doing for Russia,” Bernie said. “Unfortunately, he’s like a lot of business people, certainly like me, we make mistakes from time to time. “And when you make a mistake, you have to do the best you can to get out of it.”  The former F1 boss also claimed it “wasn’t intentional to be a war” and that if “Ukraine had wanted to get out properly, they could have done”. Bernie also shared his opinion on Russian Formula 1 drivers who’ve been excluded from the competition. He said he thought “it's wrong to stop Russian athletes, including drivers, taking part in their sport”. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV