Food recalls are issued by supermarkets or companies when a product could cause damage to an individual if eaten. Usually, the item is then withdrawn from shelves and customers who have already bought it are urged to return it to their nearest store. Sainsbury’s is the latest supermarket to issue a food recall due to a health and safety issue. The company is recalling its Cooked and Peeled Frozen Large King Prawns because of possible presence of undercooked prawns. The prawns come in packs 180g and 400g in size. They have use by dates of May, June, July, August, September, and October – all 2023. READ MORE: Meghan's 'firm' gesture to Harry - 'Signals of anxiety' The Food Standards Agency (FSA) published the food recall on its website, releasing a risk statement. It said: “The possible presence of undercooked prawns may make this product unsafe to eat.” The FSA also explained what the supermarket will do next, saying: “Sainsbury’s is recalling the above products. “Point of sale notices will be displayed in all retail stores that are selling these products.  “These notices explain to customers why the products are being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the product.” In its notice, Sainsbury’s said: “Sainsbury's is recalling the above products as a precautionary measure due to the potential presence of undercooked prawns. “It has been brought to our attention that some packs of the above Cooked and Peeled Frozen Large King Prawns by Sainsbury's may contain undercooked prawns. “We are asking all customers who have purchased the affected batch codes of these products not to consume them and to return them to their nearest Sainsbury's store where they will receive a full refund. “If you have any questions or concerns, please visit our website Sainsburys.co.uk/help or contact our careline on 0800 636262. “No other Sainsbury's prawn products have been affected by this issue. “This recall has been initiated with the best interests of our consumers at heart. “We sincerely apologise for any inconvenience caused.” The FSA also advised customers on what to do. It said: “If you have bought any of the above products do not eat them. “Instead, return them to the store from where they were bought for a full refund. “If you have any questions or concerns, please visit Sainsbury’s website at Sainsburys.co.uk/help or contact their careline on 0800636262.” The organisation went on to explain what product recalls are in more detail, saying: “If there is a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold, then it might be ‘withdrawn’ (taken off the shelves) or ‘recalled’ (when customers are asked to return the product). “The FSA issues Product Withdrawal Information Notices and Product Recall Information Notices to let consumers and local authorities know about problems associated with food. “In some cases, a ‘Food Alert for Action’ is issued. This provides local authorities with details of specific action to be taken on behalf of consumers.”