Former Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer, John Mcdonnell told journalist Matt Chorley what Keir Starmer needs to do to gain more political support. Mr Mcdonnell claimed he wasn't having a 'pop' at Keir Starmer saying that he's always said to give him a chance. The Former Chancellor then went on to talk about Mr Starmer's defeat in the elections which took place in 2019. Mr Mcdonnell then discussed how he had been trying to get his message to Keir and the Labour party for some time now. Mr Mcdonnell told Times Radio: "Well it's not good enough, yeah, is it? You seem to have spoken to virtually every shadow cabinet member." Mr Chorley added: "There's quite a few, there's quite a lot of them around the table, we spoke to quite a lot of them to really get a sense of what's going on." Mr Mcdonnell said: "Yeah, I'm not going to have a pop at Keir or anything like that. I'm not into that sort of stuff, and I've always said look, give him his chance. "But I think you've in your conversations with shadow cabinet members, I think you're actually reflecting the frustration about the need now for a sense of urgency. "About establishing a narrative a sense of direction, and at least the key elements of a policy program. "I think you mentioned earlier, I've been listening to a bit of your conversation Patrick, you mentioned earlier about learning lessons, I've mentioned learning lessons from the defeat in 2019. JUST IN: Meghan Markle's low-key visit during Dutch trip comes to light–'inspiring and encouraging'  Mr Mcdonnell added: "Some people will say, well, well why should anyone listen to you after such a heavy defeat? Well, sometimes the best generals learn as much from their defeats as they do from their victories, to be honest. "And the thing about 2019 is that it was an early general election it was because of Brexit, it was two years in advance of the normal cycle. "And what we were trying to do is well, shift as much of the agenda away from Brexit as we could. We failed to do that, everything was discussed by Brexit. "So we were shoving out policy after policy, and of course what happens is that you lose credibility because people don't understand the policy, haven't bedded it down. "So I've been saying for quite a while now to anyone around the shadow cabinet and I'm trying to get the message to Keir and his staff in particular the people around him that actually for a new narrative, a new policy is I think it takes about 12 months at least, maybe 18 months longer."  READ MORE: UK space probe spots tsunami-like 'starquake' as 'goldmine' exposes Milky Way's secrets  Despite Mr Mcdonnells's push for Sir Keir Starmer to have an electoral chance, there has been some pushback against him Mr Starmer is currently under investigation for allegedly breaking lockdown rules, just like Prime Minister Boris Johnson is. Mr Starmer vowed to step down as leader of the Labour party if found guilty of the alleged rule breaks. Durham police are currently investigating the matter and have not released the results of their ongoing inquiry yet. DON’T MISS: Light aircraft emergency as plane sends urgent 7700 Squawk code at 1500ft The Holborn and St Pancras MP was behind the Labour's policy on having another EU referendum when the Previous Leader of the Labour Party Jeremy Corbyn was in charge. Have claimed that the Labour Party were the best political party to secure a new Brexit agreement. The Holborn and St Pancras MP said: "Of course, there are challenges with the protocol, but I think that we have faced much greater challenges than that in our shared history and I think that with flexibility on both sides, with good faith, statecraft, and trust around the negotiating table, we can deal with the remaining issues. "My concern is that we have a Prime Minister who doesn't have those attributes. "Trust is very important in all of this and this Prime Minister does not have the trust, or I fear he doesn't have the trust, to negotiate in the way that I actually think would lead to a solution to the problems. "We've faced bigger problems than this. "With good faith, statecraft and trust around the negotiating table, which is what a Labour government would bring, these problems can be overcome. "But a Prime Minister without those attributes taking a wrecking ball to the relationship is not going to help anybody."  