Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is currently pursuing a deal for Christian Eriksen, who is a free agent following the end of his short-term Brentford contract. But Gareth Bale is certainly another player the Red Devils would be wise to look at. Though his form waned for Real Madrid during his final years in Spain, there’s still a sense the 32-year-old has something to offer teams in the Premier League. Manchester United are operating on a restricted budget this summer after finishing sixth in the Premier League table under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. They’re currently placing all their eggs in the Frenkie de Jong basket, with Ten Hag eager to secure a reunion with the Barcelona star - having previously managed him at Ajax. But United are also looking at Eriksen, too, with Ten Hag believing the Denmark international would be a shrewd addition to the club. It’s been claimed that the 30-year-old’s preference would be to stay in London, with Brentford not ruling out keeping the player and Tottenham also monitoring his situation. Eriksen is, however, apparently happy with the wages on offer from United as he mulls over his next move. Right now, a deal that would take the former Tottenham, Inter Milan and Ajax star to Old Trafford is being worked on. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer But United would be wise to consider Bale, too. They have in the past, of course. Sir Alex Ferguson eyed the Wales international when he was a teenager at Southampton, with Spurs then snapping him up instead. George Burley spoke out a couple of years ago about Ferguson’s interest, saying: "Manchester United were interested in him. “I remember going to a hotel and speaking to Sir Alex and his chief executive. "We’d already sold Theo Walcott for £12 million [to Arsenal in January 2006] and they offered three or four million so we said ‘no way’. "I think they were a little bit worried about his defensive side of the game, which we were working at, but he could handle that." DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links Bale then moved to Tottenham and United, when they got wind of the forward’s desire to pursue a new challenge in 2013, targeted a deal again. David Moyes was manager of the Red Devils at the time and later confessed the club had a private jet on standby as they looked to land Bale. Yet again, however, they missed out with Real Madrid signing the forward for a world-record fee of £85million instead. During Bale’s earlier years at the Bernabeu, United tried to get him to return to the Premier League. Louis van Gaal probed a deal, while Jose Mourinho also pursued Bale - particularly back in the summer transfer window of 2017. But the 32-year-old has always slipped through their fingers. Now approaching the twilight years of his career, his future is up in the air. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Real released Bale at the beginning of the month after the Wales international had won a fifth Champions League crown with the club. And while it would be a gamble, United would be clever to consider taking Bale on board. With the World Cup in Qatar creeping closer, the Wales international needs to play to ensure he’s in tip-top shape to take the tournament by storm. And Bale isn’t done yet, it seems. He scored five goals and registered three assists for Wales during their World Cup qualifiers, propelling his nation to the biggest stage of all in the process. He barely played for Real last term but, the year before, managed to find the net 11 times for Tottenham from 20 Premier League appearances. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here To put that into perspective, that’s more than any player at United managed in the competition last term - Cristiano Ronaldo aside. When Bale was at Madrid, he managed double figures with goals in five of his eight seasons at the club. And with United needing a right-winger, his availability means he should be a player under consideration. Yes, he’s not the rip-roaring winger he used to be. But Bale still has much to offer and United, given how they need to address other areas of their squad, should consider taking him on board this summer.