Jamie (played by Alex Carter) is the son of Emmerdale stalwart, Bob Hope (Tony Audenshaw), who lived in the village for four years after first being introduced in 2006. The character was a hit with viewers and he was there to help Cathy (Gabrielle Dowling) and Heath Hope (Sebastian Dowling) when they were born a year later. Unfortunately, he suffered some heartache of his own, leading to his exit from the ITV soap, and as Samson Dingle (Sam Hall) appears to be playing games with his sister, he could return to show him no one messes with the Hope siblings. The drama continues in next week's episodes as Cathy is still pining over Samson, despite the fact he has told her he is interested in Amelia Spencer (Daisy Campbell). With Amelia having rejected Samson a couple of weeks ago, Cathy is holding out hope he will start to see her in a new light. As he has been showing an interest in her life recently, the young schoolgirl has taken this as a hint he could be falling for her. However, it seems the chances of this become very thin when Samson suggests the two of them go to a party together as friends. This bursts Jamie's sister's bubble as her mood suddenly changes and this could lead her to make a call to her older brother. READ MORE: Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes' Cathy could do this, knowing her father Bob was unfaithful to her mother, Viv Hope (Deena Payne), with Jamie's girlfriend at the time, Gennie Walker (Sian Reese-Williams). It was hard for Jamie to discover a kiss happened at their leaving party, as he and his partner were planning to move to Newquay and begin a new life together. When he confronted his girlfriend, he realised he had made an error and Bob was simply giving her a kiss on the forehead. However, given his father and partner had previously had an affair in the past, Jamie couldn't move on with the more of this. Therefore, he packed up his bags and move to Cornwall by himself, having only been mentioned a few times since his departure. Coming to the village as his sister tells him the history between her and Samson, he could be incredibly angered, feeling triggered by someone who could be messing around. As he arrives back, his first thought would be to speak with Samson and tell him in no uncertain terms does he continue to speak with Cathy. The young Dingle man could be bewildered, having no idea why this man he hasn't seen before is suddenly warning him off Cathy. As he explains the situation to Jamie, the latter could realise he has jumped the gun and he hasn't actually done anything wrong. This is when Jamie could go and see his father with his sister so they could talk things through as a family and try to help her move on. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charley Webb left drained over 'hellish' family problem [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Joe Tate star's transformation in new pics with girlfriend [PICTURES]Emmerdale’s Rosie Bentham pleads for co-star’s return 'A lot of drama' [COMMENT] Although he was meant to be back to get revenge on Samson, Jamie could see how much his family needs him and could agree to stay for a few months. This could in fact be the catalyst behind his permanent return to the village as he ends up embarking on a romance of his own. He could also begin a new rivalry with the Dingle clan, who wouldn't look too kindly on him being so harsh on Samson. Will Jamie cause more trouble in the village and will he be able to re-establish his relationship with his father Bob? The actor who plays Bob, Tony, has spoken out about the potential of his character's son returning to the show in the future. Asked who he would most like to see return to the village, Tony said: "Alex Carter, who played Jamie Hope. "I absolutely love Alex. He's a brilliant mate – and I reckon the potential of that character is something that was never really looked at properly. "I think he's just such a fabulous actor and so funny. Alex has that natural comic ability that is often hard to find. "It's not always about fancy dress – sometimes you just need actors who can get a laugh out of nothing, and Alex can do that," he told Inside Soap. Speaking at the time he left the show, the actor who plays Jamie, Alex, addressed why he wanted to quit playing the character. Alex joked: "I'm getting thoroughly depressed because I'm in work every day for about four hours. It's like they're teasing me because I'm leaving and I've got one line. "I'm in work every day. It's driving me mental. "I can't even go off and meet people and talk about being King Rat in Skegness or anything like that. I can't even plan my future! "They've got me by the balls," he told BBC Radio 6 so is there a possibility he will make a comeback 12 years after his exit? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.