 A 100 percent inheritance tax rate would essentially ‘confiscate’ inheritance above the nil rate band threshold of £325,000. This could help to equalise the wealth gap, as more than 20 percent of the world’s richest inherit their wealth, by removing the possibility of a person getting wealth they didn’t earn themselves.   IHT thresholds include the nil rate band and residence nil rate band, worth a combined £500,000 that could be given to an heir tax free. A change to the 100 percent tax rate would retain these thresholds, allowing the majority of people to get their inheritance whilst prohibiting the wealthy from passing on overtly rich estates. Eight experts shared their opinion on this controversial idea with Express.co.uk. Ben Rogers, chartered financial planner at Equilibrium Financial Planning told Express.co.uk that this rate would in fact “level the playing field” between those that grew up wealthy and those that did not. However, he noted:  “On an individual basis, the concept is fundamentally flawed. Taxation on death doesn't really address the problem of wealth inequality as it doesn't take consideration of how that wealth is used during life. READ MORE: Britons could slash tax bill by ‘up to £1,220’ but thousands are missing out - act now     “Children from wealthy families are still more likely to have access to a better education, better health, better access to housing and overall better prospects for accumulating their own wealth in their lifetimes. In turn, they are able to pass on similar prospects to their children and so on.” He highlighted: “If an approach is deemed as unfair, people make emotional and not financial decisions. At this point, people would actively try to avoid the tax, both legally and illegally and the most brilliant minds would be employed to find loopholes to avoid the tax. “The wealthy would leave the UK with their assets.” Investing Reviews.co.uk CEO Simon Jones added that the “super rich” would likely have a first-class team of lawyers and tax advisors surrounding them to help them avoid the tax saying: “They'd find perfectly legal ways to avoid the traps and not pay a penny more.”  He also noted it is “unlikely to ever be embraced” in the first place, as inheritance tax is already such a resented topic in the public eye, meaning any ruling party implementing the 100 percent rate would see their likability instantly plummet. Mr Rogers added: "Turning to the practicalities, you wonder how HMRC would go about administering such a wealth grab if it ever did get passed into law. "Almost certainly, a cat and mouse game would follow, with senior citizens of all demographics seeking to move abroad and taking their assets with them long before the grim reaper comes knocking. Other jurisdictions would welcome them, and their wealth, with open arms.” Ben Taylor, associate at Roythornes Solicitors, commented: “It’s ultimately a flawed idea.  “The effective IHT rate for larger estates is usually less than those at the middle and lower end due to the type of assets such estates tend to hold, as well as increased capacity to take expert advice and a greater range of planning options.” He also cautioned that knowing all of one’s wealth would be given to the state when they die would see many playing a game of chance with their later life savings and planning. Mr Taylor suggested: “One could spend everything, give it away, or risk losing it all. This uncertainty and risk around saving will have a knock-on effect on the wellbeing of elderly people and affect the provision of social care, adding pressure to an already strained system. Chris Burrows, partner and head of private client at Glaisyers ETL noted that before boosting the rate up to 100 percent, perceived inequalities already present within the inheritance tax system should be addressed first.  He shared: “If the tax rate was increased to 100 percent without first addressing inconsistencies in the current system then families with the same level of wealth but slightly different circumstances would still end up paying different tax bills.” Lastly, tax specialist Michael Clifford from Hoxton Capital Management commented that the rate would be “inequitable and unfair”, and would likely not solve the wealth divide. He suggested a slightly different amendment that may have a better outcome: taxing the recipient instead of the estate. Mr Clifford added: "This would result in the heirs to large estates paying more than others, who aren’t as well off.”