On the sunny first day of the four-day bank holiday, hundreds of thousands of people flocked to the capital's streets for a chance to catch a glimpse of the 96-year-old monarch. Queen Elizabeth II’s milestone of 70 years on the throne is deemed a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for many British people to see her in person. For that reason, people of all ages, especially families with small children, travelled from across the country to attend the events. Express.co.uk spoke with parents and children, who were all enjoying the celebratory vibe in the warm and sunny weather. A man who was with his two children among the crowds in Trafalgar Square as the Trooping the Colour parade was taking place, told Express.co.uk how significant this day is. He said: “It’s a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for them. I’m not sure how many more times Jubilee events will be for this Queen.” David, 51, who is an electrician, attended with his family after travelling for the Jubilee celebrations from Kent. He was sitting with his two children, his wife and friends, at the Whitehall Gardens enjoying nibbles as he told Express.co.uk: “It’s a fabulous day, we couldn’t miss it.” His son, 11-year-old Oscar, said of the day: ”It’s really good, nice! I’m enjoying the day and it’s nice to see the Queen.” Daughter Eve, 12, said: “I like the royal family and I like the Queen, I think she’s very nice and funny! Also, it’s quite nice and sunny today, very packed though. Very busy. I’m having a good time!” Claims have been made that this appearance of the Queen alongside her family might be the last chance for royal fans to praise her. Writer and royal biographer, Hugo Vickers, said this year’s Jubilee will be particularly special for the nation. He said: “The British will be all the more excited because this Jubilee will probably be the last major public occasion to thank the Queen.” The expert, who has met the Queen on multiple occasions, noted that no monarch will be able to surpass her majesty. Expressing his admiration for the Queen, he said: “We will never see anything like it again, even if we were to live a thousand years.” And he went on to explain that it will all be different when she is gone, since she is difficult to be replaced: “She is unique in the world, unshakeable! “A great queen, who has instilled an atmosphere of calm and confidence in her kingdom and the Commonwealth. “She has presided over decades of change with equal dignity, never making mistakes.”