The husband of Zara Tindall discussed Her Majesty's incredible cameo during the Party at the Palace concert on Saturday night as he took part in The Good, The Bad and The Rugby podcast. While speaking about the extended bank holiday weekend of celebrations for the Platinum Jubilee, Mike joked about the Queen becoming a "qualified actor" following her sketch video with Paddington bear. Speaking with the podcast co-host Alex Payne, Mike said: "She is officially now a qualified actor." Mr Payne chimed in to say: "How good was that?" Giving his verdict on the monarch's performance, the former rugby player replied: "That was probably the best thing... the drones were pretty good to be fair, but then that opening [of the concert]... she was bang on." Mr Payne, recalling another skit the Queen took part in a decade ago, said: "I thought she was better in Paddington than she was in Bond!" Mike added: "Who knew! Comedy! I've always said she was funny, I've always said to you she was funny, but she nailed it." Mike and Zara were among the royal guests who watched live the concert taking place on three stages positioned right in front of Buckingham Palace's gates. The show began with a clip showing Paddington thanking the monarch for inviting him to the Palace for tea. The adorable bear was then the protagonist of a few missteps, as he drank all the tea straight from the teapot and splattered one of the monarch's butlers with cake. READ MORE: Kate and William caught in 'photo battle' with Meghan and Harry After the monarch brushed off the incidents, Paddington pulled one a sandwich from his hat and told her: "Oh dear, perhaps you would like a marmalade sandwich? I always keep one for emergencies." To the surprise of the fictional bear and the public, Queen Elizabeth replied, after pulling her own sandwich out of her handbag: "So do I, I keep mine in here for later". The pair then accompanied the beginning of Queen's song We Will Rock You by tapping along their teaspoons on the cups. The monarch appeared to have stunned even members of her family with this video, who reacted to her appearance on screen with delight.  The day after the concert, Sky News royal correspondent Rhiannon Mills said: "Did her family know or not? By the looks of it, there's a photo of that moment when that was played on screen and it looks like the family didn't know. "So you've got Princess Charlotte kind of open-mouthed, William [and] Kate laughing away and it reminded me of that James Bond moment at the Olympics. "This was slightly gentler than her jumping out of a helicopter with James Bond. "But I think what it also encapsulated for me is what we've seen right throughout the weekend is less head of state and more granny there's been a lot of her as a woman, her as a mother, and a lot about family this weekend." As noted by Mr Payne and Ms Mills, the Queen has taken part in other skit videos during the years. For the opening ceremony of the 2012 London Olympics, she famously filmed a sketch showing herself being escorted out of the Palace and to the stadium by James Bond, played by Daniel Craig. After an actor wearing her outfit parachuted to the stadium from a helicopter, the Queen appeared in the stands next to her husband Prince Philip. In 2016, ahead of the Invictus Games in Florida, Prince Harry involved his grandmother in another hilarious video. After being shown by her grandson a clip of Michelle and Barack Obama challenging the UK team, the monarch brushed them off by simply saying "Oh, really..." The Queen, who acceded to the throne in 1952, appeared in public on two occasions during the four-day celebratory weekend. She stepped out on the Buckingham Palace balcony twice on Thursday, first to take the salute from her troops and later to watch the RAF flypast. On Sunday, she returned once again on the balcony alongside her direct heirs, the Duchesses of Cambridge and Cornwall and Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis.