Lance Stroll suffered a heavy crash in qualifying for the Azerbaijan Grand Prix. The Aston Martin driver took too much speed into turn two and smashed into the concrete wall. The impact ripped off his front wing and front right tyre, bringing out the red flag. Stroll had almost crashed moments earlier, locking up his tyres and almost striking the wall at turn seven. Reports on social media suggest Stroll had radioed his team to check for damage after his first incident. There are claims Stroll suggested the team pitted to check if the car was okay but was told there was no time to pit and to continue on another lap. Qualifying restarted around 10 minutes later at 6.40pmlocal time (3.40pm UK time). READ MORE: Aston Martin's Stroll to settle Verstappen argument 'once and for all' The Canadian was lying 19th at the time of his crash and will start there tomorrow after Mick Schumacher was unable to better his time. Kevin Magnussen, Alex Albon, Nicholas Latifi and Schumacher joined Stroll in being eliminated from the first part of qualifying. Team-mate Sebastian Vettel lost control himself in Q2, locking up and almost colliding with the wall at turn 15. Stroll almost crashed in FP1 on Friday as his car brushed the barriers, coming millimetres away from smashing into the wall. He addressed the near-miss last night, claiming it was all part of learning where the limits were. DON'T MISSRed Bull have 'problem' as Perez looks to dethrone Verstappen [COMMENT]Red Bull boss Christian Horner responds to Max Verstappen's dad Jos [INSIGHT]Hamilton fulfils unusual request from Mercedes fan at Azerbaijan GP [COMMENT] He said: "We had a successful day of practice and have already learned a lot and achieved some good lap times ready for the rest of the weekend. "Although I had a brush with the barrier, thankfully it did not affect our running as nothing was broken, so I managed to get away with it. It was all part of getting into the rhythm of the circuit and finding the limits. I really enjoy this track and I think it is a fun challenge, so I am very much looking forward to getting back out here tomorrow.” Stroll has struggled so far this season, scoring just two points across the first seven races.  These came from a pair of 10th-placed finishes at Imola and Miami as the team struggles for pace. Team-mate Sebastian Vettel has not fared much better having scored just five points over the campaign.