The Boys is making a comeback on Amazon Prime Video and it will continue to follow the eponymous team of vigilantes. Many familiar faces will be returning but the third outing also welcomes some exciting new characters. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast of season three. Little Nina is a character from the original comic books of the same name. She is a Russian mob boss who features in some of the most surprising moments the books have to offer. Katia Winter is a 38-year-old Swedish actress known for her roles in Dexter and Sleepy Hollow. She also starred in Legends of Tomorrow and Blood & Treasure. Supersonic is a new character who does not seem to be based on the original source material. He is the ex-boyfriend of Erin Moriarty's Starlight and he originally went by another name, Drummer Boy. The character is played by Miles Gaston Villanueva, a 33-year-old actor and producer. He is known for his roles in Law & Order True Crime and Nancy Drew.  Gunpowder does feature in the original comics as one of the minor antagonists. He is a retired superhero and firearms enthusiast who was part of a corrupt team called Teenage Kix. The character is played by Sean Patrick Flanery, a 56-year-old American actor and author. The star is also trained in martial arts and he is known for playing Connor MacManus in The Boondock Saints. READ MORE: The Boys season 3 release time: How to watch The Boys in the UK Blue Hawk does not seem to come from the comics, so fans will be interested to find out more about him. He is played by Nick Wechsler, a 43-year-old American actor known for his roles in Roswell and Revenge. Sharing a photo of his The Boys character on Instagram, he said: "Everyone, this is Blue Hawk. Blue Hawk, this is everyone. "Can’t wait for season three."  Crimson Countess is a parody of Scarlet Witch in the Marvel Comics. She is a minor antagonist who is a member of Payback. The character is played by Laurie Holden, a 52-year-old Canadian-American actress. She is known for her roles in The X-Files, The Majestic and The Walking Dead. The star said on Instagram: "Very excited about our Payback debut. Fasten your seatbelts folks…it is going to be one hell of a fun ride."  Monique is a recurring character who is the wife of Mother’s Milk (Laz Alonso). She is played by Frances Turner, who is known for her roles in New Amsterdam, The Gifted and The Man in the High Castle. Tessa is one of two TNT Twins and she is played by Kristin Booth. Kristin is a 47-year-old Canadian actress known for her role as Shane McInerney in the Signed, Sealed, Delivered franchise. Tommy is Tessa's brother in the series and he is played by Jack Doolan. Jack is an English actor known for his roles in The Green Green Grass and The Hatton Garden Job. DON'T MISS...The Boys’ Jensen Ackles ‘did everything to get cancelled’ [INSIGHT] Avengers 5: Samuel Jackson teases Fury change after Secret Invasion [INTERVIEW] She-Hulk trailer gives fans first look at new Marvel superhero [VIDEO] Bumped up to series regular from the previous seasons, Vic is a congresswoman who is holding a dark secret. She is played by Claudia Doumit, a 30-year-old Australian actress known for her roles in Timeless and Call of Duty: Modern Warfare. She shared the trailer for The Boys season three on Instagram, saying: "That headache of yours is Victoria warning ya what will happen if you don't watch this." Also bumped up to series regular is Ashley Barrett, the VP of Hero Management for Vought. She is played by Colby Minifie, a 30-year-old American actress who is also known for performing with the National Dance Institute. She has starred on Broadway as well as a number of TV shows and films, including Homebody and Fear the Walking Dead. Of course, all of the familiar faces will be returning including Karl Urban as Billy Butcher. Antony Starr will be back as Homelander, with Jessie T Usher as A-Train, Karen Fukuhara as Kimiko and Nate Mitchell as Black Noir. Jack Quaid reprises his role as Hughie Campbell, with Laz Alonso as Mother's Milk, Erin Moriarty as Starlight, Chace Crawford as The Deep, Dominique McElligott as Queen Maeve and Claudia Doumit as Victoria Neuman. The team will be taking on more superheroes who abuse their power.  The Boys season 3 airs on Amazon Prime Video on June 3.