Sherwood is loosely based on two shocking murders from 2004 which devastated an already fractured community. The BBC mini-series was written by James Graham who had a personal motive behind wanting to bring this story to the small screen. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about filming for the new series Sherwood. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Sherwood.BBC's newest drama Sherwood is inspired by the real-life murders that took place in 2004, resulting in a major manhunt in north Nottinghamshire. The killers turned out to be Robert Boyer who escaped into Annesley Forest after murdering former miner Keith Frogson and  Terry Rodgers who killed his daughter Chanel Taylor at a similar time. As well as focusing on the manhunt, Sherwood delves into how they impacted the community. These killings threatened to inflame historic divisions during the Miners' Strike three decades prior. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen lands new project The story of Sherwood is set in the mining village of Ashfield where the show's creator James Graham grew up. In terms of filming for the series, shooting took place in and around north Nottinghamshire at various locations. Speaking to press, including Express.co.uk, Graham talked more about bringing the drama to life in 2021. He explained that due to the ongoing pandemic, the series wasn't shot in just one area. "I was surprisingly moved to see... all those shots of the community that you see, that's when we filmed in Annesley and Newton and to see that on the BBC... to the BBC I am incredibly grateful for this opportunity. "Coming up, you've got highlights that include Newton train station so get ready for that."Newton abbey, we did almost a whole episode in Newton abbey, and lots of places." Graham also listed Manchester, Bolton, Blackpool and Yorkshire as some of the other locations. DON'T MISS...Blue Bloods blunder: Key Erin and Danny scene had crew equipment  [MISTAKE]BBC's releases new murder mystery Sherwood featuring an all-star cast [EXPLAINER]My Name Is Leon cast: Who is in the cast?  [CAST] Sherwood's creator was determined to make a show in his part of the world and has said it was a "privilege" to do so. He commented: "I've wanted to find a story to tell in my hometown for a very long time and I'm impossibly proud to grow up and come from where I do in north Nottinghamshire. "It's a former mining village that doesn't always get a voice on the national stage and I sometimes feel like everyone's talking about us but not necessarily to us. "It is a huge privilege and responsibility to try and give a voice to the kind of people I grew up with and the issues that still compound us every day. " Sherwood will be made up of six episodes in total with a new instalment coming out every week. The entire boxset comes out on BBC iPlayer shortly after it makes its debut on BBC One. The description for episode one reads: "DCS Ian St Clair is called to investigate a tragic and unexpected murder in an ex-mining town as news of the crime threatens to inflame historic tensions." Sherwood premieres on Monday, June 13, at 9pm on BBC One.