FORMULA ONE has spoken out after Bernie Ecclestone defended Vladimir Putin on Good Morning Britain. F1 bosses said the remarks were Ecclestone's “personal views” and were “in stark contrast” to the modern values of the sport. It comes after the former F1 boss claimed Putin was a “first-class person” and said Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky should have done more to avoid the war between the two countries. F1 said in a statement: “The comments made by Bernie Ecclestone are his personal views and are in very stark contrast to position of the modern values of our sport.” The highly controversial interview on Thursday morning showed Ecclestone defended Putin’s actions in Ukraine and claimed his war was like a failed business mistake. When asked if he still regarded Putin as a friend, Ecclestone said “Yeah, I’d still take a bullet for him. “I’d rather it didn't hurt but if it does I’d still take a bullet. He’s a first-class person and what he's doing is something he believed was the right thing, he was doing it for Russia. Unfortunately he’s like a lot of business people, certainly like me, we make mistakes from time to time. READ MORE: Ecclestone insists Hamilton 'should be happy' after Piquet apology “When you have made a mistake you have to do your best to get out of it.” The former F1 boss also hit out at President Zelensky who many have praised over his handling of the conflict. Ecclestone said: “The other person in Ukraine (Zelensky). His profession I understand used to be a comedian and I think he seems as if he wants to continue that profession. I think if he’d have thought about things he would have definitely made a big enough effort to speak to Mr Putin who is a sensible person and would have listened to him and probably done something about it.” He also claimed the subsequent deaths from Russia’s invasion of Ukraine weren't “intentional”. DON'T MISSBernie Ecclestone fires shots at 'liar' Lewis Hamilton [COMMENT]Ecclestone agrees with Ferrari's concerns over 'dangerous' FIA move [INSIGHT]Michael Schumacher would tell Guenther Steiner 'where to go'  [ANALYSIS] F1 was quick to take action against Russia after the invasion with bosses deciding to scrap the Russian Grand Prix after calls from drivers to axe the race. The FIA also banned Russian athletes from using their own flags and emblems and stopped the playing of Russian national anthems at FIA events. American team Haas also took a tough stance as they dropped their sponsorship of Russian business UralKali. The loss of financial backing also led to the dismissal of driver Nikita Mazepin ahead of the first race.