Major Glenn Ignazio, a military expert who has just visited Ukraine, said that when he entered the conflict zone, “everybody was asking me” how to get body armour. It emerged that Ukraine’s military and police had been buying the armour from the black market at a mark-up rate because it had been “stolen”. Major Ignazio said this reality “really concerned” him because there ought to be “some internal housekeeping” preventing this from happening.    Major Ignazio said: “We sent $50,000 on pieces of body armour, vests, and so on to Ukraine alone. “Every day I was there, 24/7, everybody asked me, military, police, civilians, ‘Can you get me more of that body armour?’ “Unfortunately, it’s made its way onto the black market where just a couple of weeks ago, military police bought their own. “And they paid for, rather expensively, the equipment that it turns out was donated by the United States that should have been provided for free.    “Again, these are things for which there has to be some internal housekeeping and those are the things that really concern me. “The smaller it is, the easier it is to be stolen and used on the black market as we see, but the bigger weapons systems we are getting forward as best as possible.” The comments were made in light of revelations from the head of Ukraine’s parliamentary financial committee that they were spending billions of dollars on supporting the army despite western donations. He said Ukraine had to spend 250 billion hryvnias financing the army and supporting people who had been forced to leave their homes or whose homes had been destroyed. READ MORE: Russia pundit rattle as US January 6 hearings threaten Putin's plot [REPORT]   Danylo Hetmantsev told local broadcasters that Ukraine's budget revenues were covering less than half of expenditures following Russia's invasion. He said Kyiv will have to cut budget spending sharply if more external financial assistance does not arrive. He said: "We have to borrow $5 billion monthly. If we do not get it, we will have to cut spending.” According to the latest data, the government had collected 101 billion hryvnias ($3.42 billion) in taxes in May, but that had been significantly undermined by the 250 billion hryvnias spent on the army and helping displaced Ukrainians. DON'T MISS: Russia war casualties in full: How long Ukrainian invasion can last [INSIGHT]BBC in 'extraordinary' claim Brexit move similar to Russia invasion [REVEAL]Russia is building TWO new ‘Doomsday’ planes [REPORT]  International financial organisations expect the Ukrainian economy to shrink by 35 - 45 percent because a large significant number of businesses have suspended their operations and are unable to pay taxes. Hetmantsev added: "We have no potential in the economy to raise taxes. We cannot do without the help of our partners as long as the fighting continues.” He said the United States, the European Commission, and some countries had provided financial support - loans, and grants - but the amount was far below the $5 billion needed each month. Finance Ministry data showed Ukraine received 151.1 billion hryvnias ($5.12 billion) from foreign partners in January-May.   