The most boring lunches were found to be salads (22 percent), sandwiches (21 percent) and soups (20 percent), despite most people eating these each day. It also emerged adults typically describe their go-to meals as easy (35 percent), basic (28 percent) and repetitive (24 percent). But many would like them to be more tasty (40 percent), healthy (36 percent) and flavoursome (33 percent). Anna Beheshti, for Tilda, which commissioned the research to encourage people to elevate their plate when it comes to lunchtime, said: “Our research revealed people are looking for tastier, healthier and more flavoursome lunches – but convenience and time present a barrier to this. “Lunch doesn’t have to be mundane, just because it's often eaten speedily and alone. “With a little bit of inspiration, and by incorporating a few small and easy cooking hacks as well as more exciting flavours into your lunchtime routine, you can create a quick and affordable lunch that ticks all of these boxes.” The study also revealed the typical ingredients found in kitchen cupboards and fridges to throw a lunch together include cheese (22 percent), cold meats (18 percent), and salad (18 percent). Other leftovers commonly found at home are cooked chicken (15 percent), eggs (14 percent) and baked beans (13 percent). Worryingly, those polled also predict they currently have an average of three out-of-date products in their kitchen. This is due to forgetting about the items (30 percent), not needing all the ingredients for a recipe (23 percent), and last-minute plans to eat out instead (22 percent). The most commonly discarded unfinished, or out of date, products include vegetables (25 percent), bread (25 percent), and cooked leftovers (18 percent). When it comes to making lunch, priorities were found to be convenience (47 percent), how healthy it is (36 percent), and time (35 percent). While quick and easy recipes (29 percent), affordable ingredients (28 percent), and convenient cooking hacks (20 percent) would also improve midday meals. But over a third (34 percent) struggle to think of what to eat for lunch when they’re at home and not working, while 27 percent struggle more when they’re in their workplace. The study, carried out via OnePoll, also found an average of just 15 minutes is spent preparing and eating lunch. Anna Beheshti added: “Given the rising cost of living, we especially want to encourage the nation to create tasty dishes by simply combining ready-to-heat rice packs with what they already have at home and might have forgotten about – from condiments, to leftover meat and vegetables.”