Boris Johnson survived a confidence vote on Monday with 211 Conservative MPs backing him – 59 percent of those who voted. Some 148 MPs voted to remove Mr Johnson as Tory leader, although he claimed the result of the vote was “very good” and “convincing”. However, the Prime Minister’s problems are far from over and he could still meet the same fate as his predecessor, Theresa May. “I think Gove could play a key role in this. I think what Gove does is probably very important.” Mr Gove and Mr Johnson have decades of history together, having first met at Oxford University. The pair both studied there in the Eighties, where Mr Gove helped get Mr Johnson elected President of the Oxford Union. However, decades later, Mr Gove torpedoed his old friend’s bid to lead the Conservative Party in 2016. The former Justice Secretary had backed Mr Johnson’s own campaign only to withdraw his support and announce his own shock leadership bid with just hours to go. He claimed his former Oxford friend was not up to the job and said: “I should stand, and Boris should stand aside.” The dramatic move was seen as a major turnaround from the pair’s close-knit relationship during the Leave campaign ahead of the Brexit referendum in June 2016. Mr Johnson was later viewed to have exacted revenge upon Mr Gove in 2019 at another Tory leadership election. It came as Mr Gove placed third in the ballot to lead the Tories, with Mr Johnson and Jeremy Hunt making it to the final two. There were claims that Mr Johnson’s supporters may have engaged in “vote lending” to help get Mr Hunt into the runoff at the expense of Mr Gove. DON'T MISS:Boris Johnson urged to make Jeremy Hunt Chancellor to form 'dream team' [LATEST]POLL: Should Boris Johnson resign despite winning confidence vote? [INSIGHT]Alexander Bortnikov could oust Putin after failed invasion — once met CIA in secret [ANALYSIS] Despite Mr Gove and Mr Johnson’s feud, the two men are actually similar in terms of being able to unite different Conservative factions, according to Professor Smith. He said: “The more you think about it, the more Gove is one of those candidates that you can't easily identify as being on the left or the right of the party. “And he probably is more like Johnson in that he can appeal to different wings of the party.” If the Levelling Up Secretary does choose to throw his hat in the ring should Mr Johnson resign, his qualities make him a good candidate to be Prime Minister, according to Professor Smith. He said: “Gove is obviously a bright person and I think he is probably much better at getting things delivered. “The problem with Johnson is he has never had a real clear strategy. He has jumped from thing to thing. “We all know the number of U-turns that have been carried out under this Government. “I think Gove is probably more strategic and probably better able to govern.” The political expert used a phrase coined by former governor of New York, Mario Cuomo to describe Mr Johnson’s approach to Government. He said: “Somebody said that the thing about politics is, ‘You campaign in poetry. You govern in prose’. “The thing about Johnson is, he is all poetry. He can make these grand statements but actually doing the details of governing, I think he has found difficult. “And I think Gove is probably better at doing that. That detail of governing that you need.”