HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) oversees numerous issues when it comes to tax, with tax credits a key priority. Those who are claiming tax credits will need to renew these by the date shown on their renewal pack. For those people, this date is July 31, 2022, leaving just over a month to sort out the matter. HMRC has warned Britons who miss the deadline that their “tax credit payments will stop”. Its website adds: “You’ll be sent a statement and will have to pay back the tax credits you’ve received since April 6, 2022.” If HMRC stops payments, individuals will not be able to make a new claim for tax credits. READ MORE: State pensioners warned ‘do not ignore letters’ as payment change due In this circumstance they will need to either: Britons should receive a renewal pack which outlines how they can renew their tax credits. If this has a red line across the first page, and says “reply now”, then individuals will need to renew. If this has a black line and says “check now”, then people should check their details are correct. DON'T MISSUniversal Credit could be cut by the DWP for five key reasons [EXPLAINED]‘So convincing!’ Britons warned about sinister National Insurance scam [UPDATE]Pension inheritance: Five key questions to ask to protect your family [EXCLUSIVE] As long as the details are correct, individuals will not need to take any further action for their credits to be automatically renewed. Individuals can renew their tax credits either online, by phone or by post. They will, however, need to have certain information to hand in order to make a successful renewal. Firstly, details about any changes to personal circumstances will be required. These must be accompanied by details about a person and their partners total income for the last tax year - April 6, 2021 to April 5, 2022. Those who are yet to receive a renewal pack should contact HMRC as soon as possible. The Revenue has also warned people to remain on the lookout as scammers are seeking to take advantage of the upcoming deadline. Typical scams include phone calls threatening arrest if people don’t immediately pay fictitious tax owed. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Myrtle Lloyd, Director General for Customer Services at HMRC, said: “We’re urging all of our customers to be really careful if they are contacted out of the blue by someone asking for money or bank details. “There are a lot of scams out there where fraudsters are calling, texting or emailing customers claiming to be from HMRC. “If you have any doubts, we suggest you don’t reply directly, and contact us straight away. “Search GOV.UK for our ‘scams checklist’ and to find out ‘how to report tax scams’.”