One of the more sensational stories to emerge about the Duchess of Sussex during her time in the UK was the allegation that she was a bully. An investigation was subsequently launched which led to the Palace “improving the policies and procedures” in its HR department, according to royal sources. However, the findings of the report, which was paid for privately by the Queen, will never be published, leading many of Meghan’s fans to rally around her for support. The hashtag “RoyalFamilyLied” has since been trending on Twitter. Social media user SussexvC said: “Protect Meghan Markle from the Royal Family”, and linked to an instagram post by Royal Style Watch. This post cited research by marketing agency Banc which found that there had been 246,525 articles written about Meghan Markle between May 2019 and April 2020, compared with just 96,460 about Kate Middleton. The post claimed the Royal Family defended Kate when she needed it, but failed to do so for Meghan. Rita Hamer responded: “Yet another reason to abolish the monarchy....and why it was NECESSARY for Harry and Meghan to get away from that hell.” Myra (@SussexPrincess) said: “No one has a negative thing to say about Meghan from before she got married,” adding that once she joined the Royal Family, “she’s all of a sudden an agent of chaos that managed to bully the entire monarchy?” Many Sussex fans also brought up comparisons to Princess Diana, observing that she also faced accusations of bullying. Furthermore, many fans urged the Palace to provide the report to Meghan, arguing that she deserves to be able to see it.  @Meghan_world said: “Buckingham Palace started this mess. I hope Meghan finishes it.” It is understood the report will be kept secret in an attempt to prevent stoking tension between the Sussexes and the Palace, as well as ensure the anonymity of those who took part. Courtiers have insisted the inquiry, which was launched in March last year, should “not be played out in public” to ensure those who took part feel “comfortable”. It's believed that only "four or five" former members of the Sussexes' team were spoken to as part of the investigation. Two senior staff accused Meghan of bullying them while another former employee said she "humiliated" them. Another aide said she used "emotional cruelty and manipulation, which could also be called bullying". Meghan, 40, denied the allegations and later said the Palace was using the media to "peddle a wholly false narrative" during the couple's bombshell Oprah Winfrey interview. While the changes to HR in the royal household were expected to be detailed in the annual Sovereign Grant report later this month, the Sunday Times reports this will not be the case.  DON'T MISS: Lilibet and Archie tipped to receive title from Prince Charles [REVEAL]Netflix wants Harry and Meghan 'to explain why they were booed' [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle 'hoped to reconcile with Kate' for children to bond [ANALYSIS] When the allegations came to light, Buckingham Palace said it would “not tolerate any bullying and harassment” and was “very concerned by the allegations”. A palace spokesperson said: “Members of staff involved at the time, including those who have left the household, will be invited to participate to see if lessons can be learnt. The royal household has had a dignity at work policy in place for a number of years and does not and will not tolerate bullying or harassment in the workplace.” Speaking of the claims, a royal source said: "The actual worst incidences haven’t come out. There are some harrowing stories to tell.” Another palace source said: “There’s a lot that could come out in the wash that hasn’t been told.” Harry and Meghan were not invited to take part in the inquiry, but Meghan’s solicitor, Jenny Afia, gave an interview to the BBC last year rebutting the claims. She said: “What bullying actually means is improperly using power repeatedly and deliberately to hurt someone, physically or emotionally. “The Duchess of Sussex absolutely denies ever doing that. Knowing her asI do I can’t believe she would ever do that.” Buckingham Palace has been contacted for comment. 