Princess Charlotte and Prince George, the two elder children of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, appeared side by side on the Buckingham Palace balcony with their younger sibling Prince Louis. In a caring yet subtle gesture, the young Princess hinted that her elder brother should shift his posture during the royal appearance in order to follow traditional etiquette. Prince George heeded the warnings of his sister as he moved his arms back to his sides and stood up straight in a far more formal manner.   Entertainment Tonight reported: “Princess Charlotte keeps her brother, Prince George, in line. “The subtle lesson in royal etiquette went down on the Buckingham Palace balcony as Charlotte and George joined their family to wrap up celebrating the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. “Naturally, they played the national anthem, God Save the Queen, and George made the mistake of putting his hand on the balcony’s ledge. “That’s when Charlotte nudged her big brother’s arm, seemingly telling him to fix his posture. “George quickly corrected himself by standing up straight and putting his arms by his side.”    The three young siblings stood respectfully alongside their royal relatives on the Palace balcony as the Platinum Jubilee drew to a close on Sunday. Prince William and Kate stood behind their children as the family paused to absorb the weekend in celebration of the Queen’s 70-year reign. Princess Charlotte was also captured over the weekend correcting the behaviour of her younger brother Prince Louis, who is just four years old. As Princess Charlotte waved to the crowd from a carriage procession, Prince Louis followed suit, greeting the excited onlookers. As the Princess took a break from waving, she signalled to her brother to do the same as she gently placed his hand back into his lap. Read more: Meghan and Harry releasing Lilibet photo 'desperate move' During the Trooping of the Colour balcony appearance, young Prince Louis stole the show as his cheeky mannerisms captured the attention of the surrounding crowds. The Prince waved frantically to crowds and fidgeted during the parade, while also chatting with his great-grandmother, the Queen. During the military flyover, Prince Louis dramatically covered his ears and appeared to roar at the sky as his mischievous behaviour cheered those watching across the nation. Princess Charlotte appeared less than approving of her brother’s bold demeanour as she threw the Prince several stern glances during the parade. Don't miss:Kate's 'hands-on' and 'nurturing' parenting style shown [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry ‘must regret’ actions after Queen’s Jubilee [REPORT]Sophie and Edward surprise locals in Gibraltar [REVEAL] The Platinum Jubilee weekend was a monumental occasion for the young royals as the bank holiday was packed with royal appearances and formal engagements for the children of the Duke and Duchess. Prince Geroge and Princess Charlotte were welcomed alongside their parents on a royal visit to Cardiff Castle to admire Platinum Jubilee festivities in Wales. The visit is of particular significance as both Prince William and Prince George are to be future Princes of Wales. Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis were also present, among other royals, at Sunday’s parade, with the youngest, Louis, continuing his cheeky behaviour by pulling faces towards his mother, Kate.   