After leaving Strictly Come Dancing as a fan-favourite judge, Oti Mabuse presented ITV's new dating series Romeo and Duet. However, it looks as though the show was shelved by bosses after failing to find an audience.  Romeo and Duet first hit the screens in April to help singles find love with the power of singing. After introducing themselves to the audience, the love seeker would stand on a balcony and be serenaded by a potential love match. However, the single would only be able to hear their match and not see them. Judging by their vocals, the single would then step down from the balcony and down some steps where they would meet their match face-to-face for the first time. READ MORE: GB News: Anne Diamond forced to shut down guest over Diana comment The pair were then introduced by presenter Oti and then whisked off to a date where they would learn a duet and then return to the stage to perform together. Despite its original concept and mission to help singles find their perfect partner it was reported the show would not return for another season. According to The Sun, Romeo and the Duet failed to capture viewers as only 890,000 tuned in to watch the prime time show. The publication reported the same number of people also watched highlights of the Chelsea Flower Show which aired on BBC 2 at the same time. An insider told The Sun: “This will be gut-wrenching for Oti as it was her first solo presenting gig since quitting Strictly to pursue new opportunities. “Expectations were high for the programme as she is immensely popular with the public and Romeo & Duet was given a prime-time slot. “Rubbing salt in the wound is the fact that the series hasn’t even finished, the final episode airs this Saturday.” Romeo and Duet was one of the highly-anticipated shows she was signed on to host after making her departure from Strictly Come Dancing earlier this year. DON'T MISS...Len Goodman sparks uproar with curry powder comment - 'foreign muck' [REACTION]Strictly's Motsi Mabuse scolds sister Oti for not calling her back [INSIGHT]Oti Mabuse warns Romeo and Duet audience for distracting star [INSIGHT] Fans were excited to see Oti present a show solo for the first time after she proved to be an invaluable member of a judging panel. As well as her time on Strictly Oti, who is also a professional dancer, judged contestants on The Masked Dancer and Dancing on Ice. Although the dating series was praised by critics and thought to be a long-lasting series, it failed to capture viewers every week. The viewing figures appeared worse as it was up against a number of successful shows, which aired around the same time. This includes hit competition Britain’s Got Talent and Lee Mack’s new quiz show The 1% Club which was gaining between three and four million viewers weekly. Despite this, ITV stated “no decision has been made” regarding the fate of Romeo and Duet. As the series will come to an end on Saturday, fans can look forward to seeing Oti return to the judging panel later this year, when The Masked Dancer makes its comeback. Romeo and Duet is available on ITV Hub.