Johnny Depp is reportedly hoping he and his ex-girlfriend Kate Moss can become friends once again after she testified for him in his $100million defamation case against his ex-wife, Amber Heard. Following the trial, Kate Moss showed up to support her ex-beau during one of his recent gigs in London. The Pirates of the Caribbean star, 58, won the trial after the jury decided that Heard, 36, defamed her ex-husband after writing her 2018 op-ed for The Washington Post about her experiences as a survivor of domestic abuse. It comes as a source claimed that the acting icon was touched that his supermodel ex-girlfriend, 48, had taken the time to watch him during one of his recent performances at the Royal Albert Hall. Kate was spotted on Tuesday night exiting the music venue following Depp's performance with rock legend, Jeff Beck. The source claimed: "Johnny met up with Kate backstage at the show and he didn’t know she was coming so he was very surprised to see her there. "They hugged and he thanked her for participating in the trial." READ MORE: Gwyneth Paltrow reunites with ex Chris Martin at daughter's graduation They further claimed that the duo instantly reconnected. "It has been so long since the two of them have been able to catch up, but they spent a good hour or more aside just catching up. "They always make each other laugh and Kate finds Johnny’s intellect to be beyond his years," they added to HollywoodLife. The supermodel was dragged into the seven-week trial after Heard name-dropped her during one of her testimonies while on the stand. According to Heard, there was a rumour that Depp had once pushed Moss down stairs and said it came to her mind during an alleged fight with her ex-husband. Appearing via videolink, the model told the court about the time her ex-beau came to her aid after she slipped down the stairs in Jamaica while they were on holiday. Questioned by Depp's attorney Benjamin Chew, Moss said: "No, he never pushed me, kicked me or threw me down any stairs. "He carried me to my room and got me medical attention." DON'T MISS... Tom Hanks, 65, sparks concern amongst fans with 'very thin' frame [INSIGHT]Jane Seymour, 71, showcases curves in figure-hugging red swimsuit [ANALYSIS]Tamzin Outhwaite, 51, showcases incredible figure in black bikini [UPDATE] When questioned about the accident in Jamaica, Moss explained she slipped down the stairs and hurt her back following a rainstorm. Moss and Depp were reportedly introduced at New York hangout Café Tabac by columnist George Wayne; she was 20, he was 31. They dated from 1994 to 1998 before splitting. Depp had flown to the UK to perform with Beck ahead of the verdict being announced by the jury in Virginia. The jurors awarded the Hollywood actor $15m which was later reduced by the judge to $10.35m. Following the verdict, Depp was pictured out in Newcastle with Sam Fender and Jeff Beck in a picture which was recirculated on social media. Depp also took to Instagram to thank his fans for their support following the verdict, writing: "The best is yet to come and a new chapter has finally begun. "Veritas numquem perit. Truth never perishes," he ended the post, as hundreds of his fans and celebrity friends rushed to the comments to leave messages of support.