Stacey Solomon, 32, has spoken out after her fiancé Joe Swash, 40, was pictured talking to a blonde partygoer while on his stag do in Ibiza. She took to Instagram to joke about the snaps in a video to her 5.3 million followers. Stacey said: “So many of you are sending me really sweet messages saying, ‘I hope you are ok, don’t worry about the papers’.  “Honestly, I don’t worry about the papers. I haven’t believed them in years.”Stacey then cracked a smile and giggled: “Although I have got to admit, it is probably the funniest headline I’ve ever seen, ‘Exclusive: Joe Swash caught talking to a girl’.“I’d be more upset if they said, ‘Joe Swash caught ignoring everyone who talks to him’, honestly!” READ MORE:Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux The Loose Women panellist joked that the incident made her realise that she is “in the wrong job” going “up and down the country organising people’s houses”.She quipped: “I should be following Joe around with a camera, he talks to girls everywhere! The school run, in Tesco, down the street. I could just be like click, click, click just making a fortune!”It comes after photographs obtained by The Sun showed Joe chatting to the blonde on a night out.Express.co.uk previously contacted Joe for comment. DON'T MISSJoe Swash chats to blonde babe on stag as Stacey Solomon left worried[NEWS]Paul McCartney splits Glastonbury fans with Johnny Depp video[LATEST]James May on regrets over Top Gear bust-up 'Wish I’d made an effort'[INSIGHT] In a clip of her and Joe sitting on their sofa, she looked flustered and revealed that he had done zero preparation for the trip.She confessed: “Sorry I’ve been so quiet, Joe’s going on his stag weekend and in typical Joe style, he is not prepared at all.“It has been one of those stressful days. I’m actually so worried about you going!”Joe joked that it was her dad that she should be worried about, and Stacey jolted up and said: “Oh my god, he’s only taking my dad isn’t he. I’m double worrying, both of them together! I just can’t.” Stacey and Joe are getting married next month, almost two years after they got engaged on Christmas Eve of 2020.The ceremony will take place in the garden of their Essex mansion, which Stacey dubs Pickle Cottage.It will be a celebrity event with the guest list including Stacey's best friend Sophie 'Mrs Hinch' Hinchcliffe, and her Loose Women co-stars Ruth Langsford, Nadia Sawalha and Linda Robson.It is also expected that their children will play a special role with their sons: Zachary, Leighton, Rex and Joe’s son Harry, acting as page boys.