Arsenal may well face a repeat of last summer's frustrations in their hopes of signing Aaron Hickey, according to reports. The Gunners ended up being the Premier League's biggest spenders 12 months ago, but a lot of their business was done late in the window. Mikel Arteta may not want a repeat of that as the changes made to his squad seemingly led to confusion at the start of the campaign. Arsenal lost their opening three league games, conceding nine goals and failing to find the net in the process. Arteta immediately came under pressure from fans but the club managed to turn things around swiftly with three consecutive wins, including a 3-1 victory over Tottenham. Summer signings Aaron Ramsdale, Martin Odegaard and Ben White were key to the turnaround in form. But Japan international Takehiro Tomiyasu was also putting in impressive displays on the right side of defence. The right back position had been a problem area for Arsenal in previous years with Hector Bellerin and Cedric Soares failing to impress. JUST IN: Arsenal transfer confusion as Dusan Vlahovic explains his side of bid  Tomiyasu appeared to slot right in and make an immediate impact though and Arsenal want to return to his former club for another deal this summer. Aaron Hickey is tipped as a priority signing for Arsenal with the 20-year-old expected to arrive as competition for Kieran Tierney. The 20-year-old won't come cheap with Bologna wanting an offer in excess of £20million to consider selling. Arsenal found out the hard way that the Italian club won't be knocked down in negotiations last year in their talks to sign Tomiyasu. DON'T MISS  The Gunners had expressed interest in the full-back early last summer, but only managed to get a deal completed late on deadline day. And Corriere dello Sport indicate Arsenal may be forced to wait once again in their hopes of signing Hickey. The report indicates that Bologna will adopt the same strategy they used while discussing Tomiyasu's move to Arsenal. But Arsenal chief Edu is said to be making 'small steps' in negotiations with Bologna already, indicating a deal may not take as long as it did for Tomiyasu. With no World Cup or major international competition taking place this summer, teams will have a full pre-season to prepare for the new campaign. And most managers will want their business done early in the window to help embed any fresh faces.