There are hundreds of performance-enhancing drugs on the market for those looking to top their game when it comes to their fitness, but not everyone wants to rely on supplements to reach their goals. Now, evidence from a new review has found dark berry compounds could be capable of increasing performance by up to 11 percent whilst halving muscle soreness after a workout session. The latest review published by frontiers in nutrition found that anthocyanins in dark berries, such as New Zealand Blackcurrants and those found in the CurraNZ product range, are an essential dietary supplement for athletes and recreational users. The research paper titled Anthocyanin-Rich Supplementation: Emerging Evidence of Strong Potential For Sports and Exercise Nutrition, revealed the clinical proof that now exists for these berry phytochemicals, and how they can also halve muscle soreness and accelerate muscle recovery up to three times faster. The review evaluated 32 published studies on blackcurrants, chokeberry, Haskap, bilberry and blueberry, with the New Zealand blackcurrant extract supplement CurraNZ leading the way with 13 studies. The resulting research highlights their multi-factorial properties to help realise athletic potential, provide a performance advantage of up to 11 percent for cycling, running and climbing. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Mark Willems, professor of exercise physiology at the University of Chichester, believes supplements containing these compounds should be regarded as a "dietary staple" for athletes and active individuals. "In my opinion, the evidence now shows that nutritional support from anthocyanins – and particularly New Zealand blackcurrants - should be regarded as an essential part of an athletes’ supplemental or dietary protocol," he said. "Caffeine, creatine, dietary nitrates, beta alanine, bicarbonate and tart cherry products are all customary for athletes to use to enhance performance and recovery. "They don’t question whether they work, they just take it. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "Anthocyanin supplements, such as those from New Zealand blackcurrants, are joining those ranks too, now as an accepted intervention and should be part of standard supplement protocols to support athletes." In the last decade, the role of anthocyanins in sport has become a "hot topic". Meta-analysis from 2020 confirmed that New Zealand blackcurrants were amongst "the most effective" legal performance enhancers available on the market, something clinical pharmacist and nutrition researcher from CurraNZ Mike Wakeman, reveals is "very exciting". "This latest research is very exciting because the data also demonstrates the many health and wellness properties that CurraNZ provides," he said. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim "For a natural supplement to deliver average performance improvements of up to 11 percent provides game-changing outcomes in competitive sports settings. "Not only that, but for a product to accelerate muscle recovery up to three times faster and reduce muscle soreness and tissue damage by up to 84 percent shows a high degree of efficacy and potency." He added: "Sports performance improvements have been demonstrated time and again in the CurraNZ studies, across a range of exercise modalities, such as cycling, running and climbing, with particular relevancy for team-based running sports and endurance disciplines." He went on to note that the research programme is achieving "high-level international industry recognition" from experts. It's also being adopted across many sporting codes internationally. "Additionally, the product is used and loved by many people around the globe for its combination of fitness and health benefits," the nutritionist added. "This confirms the product’s scientific merits and real-world applications for active users across the spectrum."