Kaia Lear, 42, had touched down at the busiest UK airport outside London but allegedly faced a delay as "inexperienced" staff got bags off the plane. She had travelled with TUI after a one-week stay in Cancun, Mexico, and, following the wait on the plane, she claims she got inside the terminal to find a huge number of bags everywhere. TUI employees had allegedly told Kaia luggage staff were unable to work "unaccompanied" as they did "not have enough clearance to walk around on their own". But photographs published by Manchester Evening News show rows of suitcases left in the baggage reclaim room. The mum, from Nether Alderley, Cheshire, said: "Coming downstairs we can see the odd bag here and there stranded. We came round the corner and we could see a sea of bags. "At the darker end there was just bags and bags piled up. It was unbelievable. Everyone coming downstairs though 'what is going on'. "The labels were from all over. We asked and the staff said people have waited for more than two hours and just given up and been told to come back." A spokesperson for Swissport, which handles bags at the airport, says it is "working hard" to "find solutions for the industry-wide issue" of staffing. Many industries, including travel, have been hit by a staffing crisis following the end of the COVID-19 pandemic and Brexit. Kaia added: "We were slightly delayed [arriving], and when we got there there was another plane on the stand at the gate and we were waiting for that to vacate. "When we did pull up they removed the air bridge and they did not think we would need it. "The pilot repeatedly tried to call them. It was the third phone number that they answered. "In the meantime they were not unloading the bags. They said they have too many inexperienced staff who do not have enough clearance to walk around on their own. They need to be accompanied. That means they are heaving to effectively have to double up."   A spokesperson for Swissport said: "The post-pandemic return in travel demand is positive news, but the current peak period – which can be stretching even in normal times - is exacerbating resource challenges across the recovering aviation industry. "Airlines, airports, and aviation services all work together to deliver different elements of a single passenger journey and in busy periods the knock-on effects of delays stemming from one part, such as air traffic issues, security queues and late changes to flight schedules can lead to disruption in others. "We are very sorry for our part in the disruption people are experiencing. We are working hard to address our resource challenges, with over 2,800 new hirings since the start of the year. We will continue to work with our partners to find solutions for this industry-wide issue." 