The German Chancellor repeatedly denied that he wanted the country to win despite announcing that Berlin would provide Kyiv with anti-aircraft weapons. After weeks of criticism over Germany's reported reluctance to help Ukraine in the conflict, Mr Scholz confirmed the Bundestag would send Kyiv an IRIS-T air defence system. Speaking with ministers, he said: "It is Germany’s most modern air defence system. “Ukraine will be able to protect an entire city from Russian air raids.” However, the German leader fell short of saying he wanted Ukraine to win the war despite vowing to continue supporting the country "as long as necessary".  When confronted by Friedrich Merz, the German opposition leader, Mr Scholz stated that “Putin must not achieve his goals” and that Europe was opposed to Russian “imperialism”. Mr Merz replied: "Why don’t you say it? Is there a second agenda?" Following on from the meeting, Mr Scholz appeared to reiterate his refusal to answer whether he wanted Kyiv to win the war, tweeting: "It would be arrogant and inappropriate to talk in this country about war aims. “Only the Ukrainians and their president decide on the conditions for peace... our goal is that Putin doesn’t win and Ukraine can defend itself." READ MORE: Kate could have been presenting Wimbledon trophy to a RUSSIAN!  The apparent refusal reflects concerns by some EU leaders over Germany's response to the Ukraine war compared to some other Western nations. The UK, along with other countries such as Poland and the US has provided Ukraine with huge amounts of weaponry and diplomatic support since Putin gave the first orders to invade Ukraine in February. Mr Scholz said that Germany has so far provided Ukraine with 5,000 anti-tank missiles, tens of thousands of hand grenades and millions of rounds of ammunition. However, the country's media reports that Germany hasn't sent any significant military assistance to Kyiv in weeks and has so far failed to deliver Leopard tanks to Warsaw to replace tanks delivered from Poland to Ukraine.  On Wednesday, a senior Czech official reportedly said the phone conversations between Russian President Vladimir Putin and German leader Olaf Scholz - as well as the calls between Putin and Macron - are "destroying" EU unity. They said: "Every phone call, ministers from the north of Europe and central Europe are getting more and more angry. "It’s precisely what Putin wants and what the French and Germans are giving him.” 