Former Manchester United right-back Paul Parker believes Chelsea's Hakim Ziyech is a 'Manchester United player' as he discussed the possibility of his old side considering a move for Raphinha. The Moroccan, who cost around £34million from Ajax in February 2020 ahead of the summer transfer window, has failed to live up to exceptions in west London after two seasons with the club. While, Ziyech helped Chelsea win the Champions League under Thomas Tuchel in May 2021, his prospects of nailing down a starting role are fading. The playmaker has lacked consistency at various stages of his Stamford Bridge career, failing to put down a marker within the squad. And Chelsea are now expected to recruit following the completion of their takeover, meaning there could be a number of players to make way for some new signings. Ziyech is one of them, as per Fabrizio Romano, with Chelsea set to consider offers for the attacker. READ MORE: Manchester United can kickstart Ten Hag era with sexiest of signings that ticks all boxes In the view of Parker, Ziyech wouldn't be a bad signing for United given he fits their style and has also worked under Erik ten Hag at Ajax. "When you look at some of the players that played for the manager (Ten Hag), you look at Ziyech, you look at Raphinha, you look around and say, well they’re very similar in the way they want to play," Parker told Bonus Code Bets. “So, is he gonna look at Ziyech who is not a regular and maybe had a decent season in patches. Would he like to join up with his manager, his previous manager? "So, when you look at those kinds of players, they are Manchester United players.” READ MORELiverpool star Mohamed Salah 'wants Premier League transfer' if he fails to sign new dealPau Torres' agents 'will travel to Manchester this week' to negotiate Man Utd transferTottenham star Harry Kane 'open to new contract' if Antonio Conte condition met Additional reports also claimed recently that United were looking to add a left-footed right-winger to their squad. Mason Greenwood's Old Trafford future remains unclear and his absence within the squad creates another area in need of improvement. Ziyech fits the mould, as pointed out by Parker but as of now there has been no interest from United. AC Milan and Borussia Dortmund were among those to be linked with Ziyech in January but moves failed to come to fruition. Chelsea are now stacked with forward options including Christian Pulisic, Romelu Lukaku, Mason Mount, Kai Havertz, Timo Werner Callum Hudson-Odoi and Armando Broja - meaning competition for places is fiercer than ever. The Blues have also struggled to offload Werner, who has been the subject of background discussions with Dortmund, Juventus and AC Milan. But the Blues will have to get tough over clearing the decks if they are to bring in a number of quality acquisitions this summer. They are already short of space in their squad when everyone is fit and the majority of their players are earning considerable salaries.