The episode of Top Gear sees Paddy McGuiness, Freddie Flintoff and Chris Harris take on several HGV challenges before they eventually become fully qualified lorry drivers. The trio then embarks on an exciting journey across the UK to reach their final destination in Wales. However, before passing all the necessary HGV tests, including the theory and the practical, sentimental McGuiness reveals that his father was a lorry driver. Flintoff is also heard asking McGuiness if he’s ever driven a HGV, to which McGuiness replies that he’s only ever driven a “dump truck”. McGuiness then goes on to say: “I think everyone growing up wants to drive a lorry.” However, what viewers will probably find the most surprising is the fact that McGuiness says driving a HGV is better than driving a £4million sports car. READ MORE: Drivers urged to use ventilation trick that doesn’t rely on air con While setting off in a lorry for the first time in the episode McGuiness enthusiastically exclaims: “I’ve driven everything on Top Gear from £1,000 bangers to £4million supercars, and this tops the lot.” He then radios Flintoff saying: “I’ve got to say, I’ve got the biggest grin on my face. “This is fantastic.” Harris then joins both Flintoff and McGuiness as they complete a number of challenges including reversing into tight bays and the “obligatory” drag race. DON'T MISS Drivers can save 60 percent on new electric cars without grants [REVEAL] Record petrol and diesel costs being passed onto 'hardest hit' drivers [INSIGHT] Motorists urged to park on rented driveways to save on airport parking [ADVICE] But before that, viewers saw plenty of laughter in McGuiness with trucking names for himself and his compatriots. He seemed to be using an app on his phone which reveals trucking nicknames based on people’s names. Harris is bestowed with the nickname of “chopper hog”. McGuiness becomes “professor mousse”, and Flintoff is hilariously branded as “admiral fiddler”. Reacting to Flintoff’s nickname, Harris says “you’ve just made my whole year McGuiness”, as the trio burst out laughing. They then race each other in a classic Top Gear drag race. This all happens before the three presenters embark on an intensive training course to become fully licensed HGV drivers. After revealing that they all passed the necessary tests and are fully qualified truckers, the trio sets off on an adventure across the UK. At that point, the presenters are completely unaware of the cargo that they are carrying. It is kept as a surprise until nearly the very end of the episode. Harris, McGuiness and Flintoff all seem to be in an agreement that trucking is a “more grown-up world” than driving a car. As the episode goes on, they face several challenges including strong winds on the Severn Bridge as they cross into Wales and multiple tight corners. The episode highlighted the fact that despite being seen as extremely cool, trucking carries an enormous responsibility. Truckers are not only responsible for their own safety, but also for the safety of other much more vulnerable road users. The latest episode of Top Gear airs on Sunday, June 19 on BBC One at 8pm.