Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea cemented his place further into club folklore by winning a fourth Players' Player of the Year award on Friday. De Gea has once again been acknowledged by his squad for saving United more than he should have throughout a below-par season. The Spaniard has won more Players' Player awards than any other star since its inception in 2006. And he could win his fifth Sir Matt Busby Player of the Year, voted by fans, on Saturday, with his current tally, again, higher than any other in United's history. Since Sir Alex Ferguson's retirement, De Gea has been named the Player of the Season by his teammates in 2014, 2015, 2018 and 2022. His four fan-voted honours came in the space of five years - 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2018. While he's deservedly being lauded for his achievements at one of the world's biggest clubs, it serves as a damning reminder of United's decline since the glory days under Ferguson. De Gea is the only over goalkeeper to ever pick up either Player of the Season award at Old Trafford, simply because the Red Devils have been spoilt for choice of outfield brilliance for decades. JUST IN: Tottenham name Steven Bergwijn price tag after rejecting Ajax offer But in the modern-day, the club's outfield players are faltering, and De Gea has been left to save the skins of the different defences in front of him. A great team's goalkeeper would never be highlighted as the headline star - Alisson's excellence on a game-by-game basis in Liverpool's current age is a prime example. The Brazilian stopper is a vital cog in Jurgen Klopp's relentless machine - one of the greatest Liverpool teams in history. However, because his quality is matched by the likes of Virgil van Dijk, Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane, it's to be expected. That's the level Erik ten Hag must aspire to raise United to once again. READ MORE: Leeds' Phillips told he can reach a new level if he quits for Man City Cristiano Ronaldo will level De Gea's Sir Matt Busby Player of the Year award tally if he's named the fans' champion on Saturday. And it would be extremely fitting of United's worst-ever season, points-wise and in terms of goals conceded, that the goalkeeper and a 37-year-old pick up their two illustrious individual awards. Ten Hag has a daunting challenge ahead to swerve a narrative that has plagued Old Trafford across a nightmare decade. De Gea's improved form and undeniable transcendence can't be discredited, but it's time United's outfield players became front-and-centre once again. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.