Crew member Ezra Freeman, shares “behind the scenes” secrets on her TikTok account, @ezrafreeman. The ship entertainer said some crew can end up “stuck on board”. She said: “Sometimes not everyone is allowed off the ship when you’re in port. “For example, today we were in Los Angeles and Customs and Border Patrol only allowed Americans to get off the ship. “They can be overly cautious about deserters, particularly in ports like Los Angeles and New York City.” Ezra added that she was one of eight Americans on board the ship, including two green card holders. READ MORE: Flight attendant says 'housekeeping' room at hotel can save you money Although it’s not that common, occasionally a crew member will “desert” a ship to try to emigrate to the United States or another country. Some ‘deserters’ may just want to escape their contract and return home while others may try to start a new life overseas. However, many ‘deserting’ crew members are detained by authorities and then returned to their home country. Ezra said: “As an American, I was able to get off today so I did shopping for my friends. “Some simple comforts that will just make them feel a little bit better about being stuck on board. “I got 20 In-N-Out burgers and left them in the office for first come, first served. And I got some Trader Joe’s goodies, so everyone can experience the magic of Trader Joe’s.” She then showed other crew members enjoying the treats once she boarded the ship after her day onshore. In the comments she said: “It is super rare for crew to desert ship but when they do, it ruins it for everyone.” One commenter asked why a crew member would choose to desert a ship and try to stay in the USA. Ezra said: “As a way into the US, but it would be a very extravagant way to get there.” In May 2018, a Carnival cruise member made headlines when they deserted their ship in New Orleans. A Norwegian Cruise Line worker was apprehended in Canada after leaving the ship in Victoria. They were sent back home. Many cruise crew work extremely long hours and some people might find it very hard once they start the job. Cruise crew contracts are often very long and staff may need to be away from home for months at a time. However, deserting a ship wouldn’t be the best way to end a contract, as a crew member could end up in a lot of trouble with immigration authorities. Guests can bring crew treats and snacks to show their appreciation as many staff may not be able to get off the ship very often.