Known as “thunder fever”, the condition can worsen in hot weather - specifically when thunderstorms and a high pollen count coincide. Dr Chris explained how a shift in the weather can have a knock on effect on our health. “Seemingly the experts say before a thunderstorm develops you’ve got winds which are blowing all the grasses and their pollens into the air and they rise in the atmosphere,” he said. “And then you get rain and the combination of the pollen grains - and the rain causes the pollen grains to sort of fracture into smaller particles. “Because they’re smaller and lighter they can be inhaled deeper into the lungs and through the various passages causing symptoms, and with pollen of course you get hay fever but also pollen asthma, which is inflammation and constriction of tubes in the lungs due to exposure to pollen.” Those living in warmer parts of the country are most at risk of thunder fever. Dr Chris said: “In fact the Met Office put out a map of the country showing pollen count and the areas coming up with very high pollen counts later this week are really from the middle of Yorkshire all the way down.  READ MORE: Vascular dementia signs: The 'movement problems' that can 'get worse over time'  “So you’re coming to areas of the country that are slightly warmer, with less rain and ideal conditions for pollen being released into the air. “What's interesting is the pollen rises during the day with the hot air and in the evening the cool air comes down bringing the pollen grains with it. “And many patients find they’re worse with their hay fever symptoms in the evening and of course during the night.” The expert believed the best solution is to “try to reduce your exposure to pollen”.  DON'T MISS “Of course now: facemasks,” he stated. “If I had mentioned this three years ago as a way of preventing exposure to pollen people just would not have done it. “But of course a facemask is an ideal barrier to pollen grains going into your nose and your mouth. He added: “Wear shades to keep pollen grains out of your eyes, at night close your bedroom window, cover your bed in pillows with a cloth during the day and take it off at night so there’s no pollen in your bedding.   “When you come in from work have a shower, get the pollen out of your hair off your face and body and change your clothes. “Change into a set of clothes that haven’t been worn outside, get yourself into pyjamas and relax for the night. “And also you’ve got medications you buy over the counter you can get pollen barrier balm that reduces pollen grains going into the nose.” Certain over-the-counter products can also help.  Dr Chris said: “If you’ve got hay fever I would say triple therapy. “One - antihistamine tablet - non sedating, but even those when combined with alcohol can make you drowsy and woozy. “Secondly, nasal sprays and there are lots of nasal sprays available, more potent ones or steroid nasal sprays which you can buy over the counter. “And third, treatment eyedrops and there are various types of eyedrops.” 