The next Olympic Games will be held in Paris in the July and August of 2024. But with just two years to go, most French voters have suggested they do not trust that the event will be secure enough. A Fiducial/Odoxa poll for Le Figaro suggested that 59 percent of French people think the Government will not be able to ensure proper security at the Games. Their worries also spread to the 2023 Rugby World Cup, which will also be held in Paris. Le Figaro described this as a “slap in the face” for Mr Macron. In a particularly troubling result for the President, 68 percent of respondents said they did not trust him to deal with crime and limit burglaries and assaults. Concerns about the hosting of the Olympics were likely particularly stoked after Paris police used tear gas on crowds of Liverpool fans waiting to attend last month’s Champions League final game. These crowds included children. Le Figaro reported: “The day after the incidents, 73 percent of those polled said they were angry and worried. “Ninety percent even considered that they had given France a bad image in the world.” READ MORE: Tory MP hands Rishi Sunak solution to fix petrol price crisis It added that “as a result of this chaos, doubt has set in”. French politicians, however, responded at the time that police had acted correctly, perhaps deepening distrust in the Government’s ability to maintain effective yet proportionate security. French Interior Minister Gerald Darmanin wrote: "Thousands of British 'supporters', without tickets or with counterfeit tickets, forced entry and sometimes assaulted the stewards. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] "Thank you to the very many police forces mobilised this evening in this difficult context." In order to make upcoming events, including the Olympics, safer, respondents said they might like to see the use of video surveillance systems and even the use of drones, according to Valeurs actuelles magazine. Fears over safety and security extend beyond poorly-managed sporting events. Just over 1,000 French people over the age of 18 were questioned for the Fiducial/Odoxa poll. Fifty-five percent of the respondents said that when they leave for a holiday, they are worried about the security of their home, and 72 percent said they make sure they keep an eye on the situation. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega.