Chelsea have reportedly been left behind in their bid to sign Sevilla star Jules Kounde after Barcelona were informed that they would be able to include Sergino Dest in a deal to sign the coveted Frenchman. It has been claimed Barca are 'one step ahead' of Chelsea in both clubs' efforts to sign the player. With Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen departing the club in the summer, Chelsea are down to just four senior centre-backs and are in dire need of reinforcements if they are to compete on all fronts next season. Kounde has long been tipped as a potential signing, and the Blues almost activated his release clause last summer before they reportedly considered the fee too much. But it appears that the Blaugrana could trump Thomas Tuchel's men in their bid to sign the defender, with Dest potentially being used as a pawn to bring the fee down, according to Mundo Deportivo. The publication states that Barcelona boss Xavi has set defensive targets as his priority, more specifically a new centre-back. With the boss reportedly telling Gerard Pique that he will not play as regularly next term, Kounde has been earmarked as a target. Newcastle have also been linked with a move for his services over the summer given their financial power, and Barcelona may struggle to sign him for an outright fee. The Andalusian outfit would accept around £80million as a fee, although they would speak to Barcelona for around £60m. And with Dest potentially a player to be used in a cash-plus-player swap deal, that fee could still be brought down further. The report states that Sevilla chiefs would not be open to a deal including the American because they need someone to replace the evergreen Jesus Navas, who turns 37 in November and Dest fits the bill. Tuchel acknowledged that the summer transfer window will be difficult for Chelsea with the buying power of other clubs. "It will be a super tough race. Manchester United will be in the race and Tottenham will be in the race with Antonio Conte for sure," Tuchel said about the transfer market. "We want to stay in the race and Liverpool and Man City do everything to make their squads bigger and they set the standard so high. This is the challenge in which we compete. "We have at the moment a huge disadvantage - that's not decisive yet. There is no need to make excuses now, it is just the situation we are in and we have to be as quick as possible. "Right now, of course, it is unsatisfying because our hands are tied and we cannot act as we want." Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here