Princess Charlotte attended the Platinum Jubilee celebrations alongside her parents, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, and her siblings, Prince George and Prince Louis. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to children’s behavioural experts who analysed the Princess’ behaviour over the four-day bonanza.  Sophia Zinff, a behaviour specialist, said Charlotte acted like “mother hen” to her two brothers at points, with her appearing to tell young Louis off during the final pageant. Prince Louis made headlines during the Queen’s Jubilee celebrations for his hilarious facial expressions, which saw him used in memes across social media. Charlotte was seen telling Louis off during the Trooping The Colour display as he excitedly waved at crowds from the balcony. She could be seen placing her hand over her younger brother to stop him from waving.  The pair joined mum Kate, older brother Prince George and step-grandmother Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall at Trooping the Colour. Prince Louis, sitting between his older sibling, could be seen enthusiastically waving at royal supporters filling the Mall for the celebrations. Sophia also said Charlotte “exemplified grace” during her public appearances over the weekend, adding: “Princess Charlotte exemplified the grace and poise she so clearly has adopted from her mother. “Her body language and waves and facial expressions also definitely showed her childlike excitement, which was lovely to see! She is clearly very close with her older brother.”  READ MORE: Kate and William's new home to spark 'tension' with Meghan and Harry When speaking about Charlotte and her older brother George, eight, she said the pair “showed maturity” for their age. Sophia said: “Both Prince George and Princess Charlotte showed much maturity for their years, they definitely seemed to understand the gravitas of the celebrations and behaved accordingly. “We noted Princess Charlotte acted like a mother hen at points, putting the two boys in their places now and again. “What was lovely to see was moments of them showing their child-like innocence and age, like giddy laughter conducting or shock when bags went off or excitement when sweets were handed out. It was lovely to see them acting like the seven and eight year olds they are!”  DON'T MISS:Red Arrows route map: Key times and places to catch glimpse of flyover [MAP]Log burner warning as owners told to DITCH home staple over new eviden [INSIGHT]Warning issued over strange foam appearing on garden plants [PICTURES] “The older two seemed more familiar with their roles they will inherit and they were comfortable enough to release their excitement like other children would. How lovely to see a blend like that in the new generation of Royals.” The Queen celebrated 70 years on the throne during the celebrations alongside her family, but sadly pulled out of several public appearances due to ongoing mobility problems. Yesterday, Her Majesty pulled out of the final day of the Royal Ascot, an annual event that she has not missed during her reign. It has led to health concerns for the Queen, 96, who is now often seen using a walking stick during her public appearances. Princes Charles and Prince William have stepped in for the monarch, with them taking on more public duties on behalf of the Queen. 