Tobias Ellwood, one of those “senior” backbenchers who can much more often be found bad-mouthing his own leader than highlighting the shortcomings of the opposition or supporting government policies, spilled the beans in an article in which he claimed economic challenges would “disappear if we dare to advance our Brexit model by rejoining the EU single market”. So Ellwood, who campaigned for the losing side in the 2016 EU referendum, believes that turning the UK into a passive rule-taker following the instructions of Brussels on swathes of regulations, reinstating free movement and surrendering our ability to strike our own trade deals is the way forward. Even other pro-EU Tory MPs who have been highly critical of the Prime Minister have distanced themselves from him, acknowledging that any such move would run counter to the referendum verdict and ignite fury against their party among millions of Leave voters. Perhaps what these MPs are really indignant about is that Ellwood has drawn attention to something they’ve been at pains to keep hidden: that many, perhaps most, of those calling for a No Confidence vote in Johnson are motivated by a desire to drag us back into Brussels’ orbit. It is EASY to see why anyone wanting a pro-Brussels stitch-up would wish to see the back of Johnson, given that he is the embodiment of the referendum verdict. But quite what a smaller number of pro-Leave MPs are doing, hitching their wagons to this undertaking, is a much more baffling question. Perhaps the likes of the Wycombe MP Steve Baker – a former Brexit Minister who failed to get into Johnson’s Cabinet – and the inveterate tourer of TV studios Andrew Bridgen will reflect on the company they are keeping and where all this is leading.   All those who have signed up to this campaign to get rid of the PM are participants in one of the most ludicrous and most self-indulgent political undertakings of recent times. Despite having no idea who should – or would – replace the proven election winner in Downing Street, failing to coalesce around any coherent political programme and making a Tory poll recovery harder by advertising internal divisions, this motley array of has-beens and never-weres spent the past week indulging in personal attacks on their leader. Perhaps next week they will finally reach the threshold of 54 MPs needed to trigger a No Confidence vote. Or if they don’t then perhaps two bad by-election results later this month – results that they have made almost inevitable via their own headless chicken behaviour – will do the trick.   If there is such a vote before the Commons summer recess then it is profoundly to be hoped that Johnson wins it with ease. Plunging the Government into the chaos of a leadership contest that could run for months and involve dozens of ministers would be a monstrous self-indulgence. None of the contenders most likely to replace Johnson – from 2016 Remainers such as Jeremy Hunt, Liz Truss and Ben Wallace, to those Leavers like Michael Gove and Penny Mordaunt who backed Theresa May’s vassal state Brexit deal from within her Cabinet – could be wholly trusted to resist the idea of a march back into the single market. With Russia still waging a savage war in Ukraine, cost-of-living pressures escalating and a fight still on against the EU on reforming the Northern Ireland Protocol, and with two years still to go before the next election, this would be a bizarre time for Tory MPs to commit regicide.  Even those convinced that a new leader will be required to fight the 2024 election should see the advantage in letting Johnson soak up the inevitable unpopularity that falling living standards will bring over the next year or so and keeping him in place to mastermind Western support for Ukraine, an issue upon which he has performed impeccably to date. The primary beneficiaries of the blood-letting and protracted plotting involved in forcing a change now would undoubtedly be Keir Starmer and the Labour party. Some Tory MPs claim to genuinely believe a big group of voters won’t consider voting for them again while Boris Johnson is party leader. What they fail to realise is that another big group of voters – perhaps a considerably bigger one – find their plotting the most off-putting thing of all. 