Amazon Prime Video subscribers took to Twitter on Friday morning to complain when they realised the fourth episode of The Boys’ third season had yet to be released. Thankfully, the issue with the streamer has since been rectified, and showrunner Eric Kripke has released an apologetic statement on social media. Episode four, Glorious Five Year Plan, has finally been released on Prime Video after a delay of several hours. Thousands of fans worldwide were eagerly anticipating this week’s episode after the stunning three-part premiere at the start of June. Unfortunately, fans in territories such as the United States, Canada, and United Kingdom all reported the problem when they tried to continue the series on Friday. New episodes should drop at 4pm PST / 7pm EST / 12am GMT. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen lands new project However, the series’ creator and showrunner Eric logged on to Twitter to assure fans the new episode would be released in due course. “Hey guys. Turns out there’s been some tech issues at Vought+, I mean @PrimeVideo,” he wrote. “They’re getting Ep 4 out to people asap. I have Adam Bourke working on it, so what could go wrong. Apologies.” (sic) Eric jokingly referred to Adam (played by PJ Byrne), a minor character from the second and third seasons of The Boys who works as a film director for Vought. @chrissi_b replied: “You can tell us the truth, @JensenAckles’ [peach emoji] broke @PrimeVideo.” This week saw Jensen’s character Soldier Boy make his debut in the present day, spending much of the episode wandering around naked after emerging from his cryogenic cell. Episode four’s technical issues were later resolved, with Eric telling fans: “Update: it should be up now! “If it isn’t for you, stay in line, it should be soon. Let’s always remember the night Jensen Ackles’ a** broke Amazon.” DON'T MISS:Virgin River plot hole: Netflix fans fume over glaring medical error [BLUNDER]Succession’s Brian Cox claims he ‘almost got cancelled’ [INSIGHT]Stranger Things’ David Harbour pays tribute to co-star [COMMENT] The Boys’ official Twitter account posted: “Thanks for waitin’, know ya been hitting that refresh button like mad. “But got a bit of good news: #TheHuntForSoldierBoy is on.” And Prime Video tweeted: “And we’re back! Episode four of @TheBoysTV is now streaming.” Many fans will have already devoured the latest offerings from the black superhero comedy and will be waiting to find out how Billy Butcher (Karl Urban) and the gang will fare in their rematch against Soldier Boy. Could he be the secret weapon to take down Homelander (Antony Starr)? Or is he yet another overpowered Supe who will cause more mayhem for the plucky task force? The latest episode’s baffling synopsis offers no clues, as it reads: “Tonight, streaming live exclusively for Supeporn.com Super-Subscribers, it's the #ClashOfTheDildos. “Which of The Seven-inspired dildos will crush the competition in this tip-to-tip challenge? Will it be the reigning champion Homelander Star-Spangled Banger or Starlight's electrified Star-Brator? “Join us as we put these pleasure-pounding penetrators through their paces. Only on Supeporn.com.” Fans will just have to tune in to find out what Eric’s unpredictable comic book drama has in store for the middle of what has already proved another incredible outing for The Boys. The Boys season 3 continues Fridays on Amazon Prime Video.