Cristiano Ronaldo has underlined his faith in Erik ten Hag to get Manchester United 'back where they belong'. While the Dutchman is set to embark on his first season at Old Trafford since becoming manager this summer, Ronaldo is likely entering his last and has set out his aims. On Saturday, Ronaldo was announced Sir Matt Busby Player of the Season after being one of a limited number of positives from a dismal 2021-22 campaign. He scored 24 goals in 38 games in all competitions and has also been nominated for the PFA Premier League Player of the Year award. Following United's failure to qualify for next season's Champions League, speculation has surrounded Ronaldo's future at the club. But the 37-year-old seems primed to remain in M16 and has high hopes for the 2022-23 campaign under Ten Hag. He has acknowledged the excitement surrounding Ten Hag's arrival and has outlined his hopes for the season ahead. Ronaldo believes United can lift silverware in the former Ajax boss' maiden campaign and enjoy a potentially glorious end to his memorable story with the Red Devils. JUST IN: Tottenham offer Emerson Royal support after robber threatened to kill He said: "I knew he did a fantastic job for Ajax and that he's an experienced coach, but we need to give him time, and things need to change the way he wants. I hope we have success, of course, because if you have success, all of Manchester are going to have success as well. So I wish him the best. "We are happy and excited - not only the players but the supporters as well. I wish him the best and let's believe that next year we're going to win trophies. For me, the most important thing is to try to win the games and try to win some championship or some cup, but I believe that Manchester will be where they belong. As I said before, sometimes it takes time, but I still believe." READ MORE: Liverpool star Van Dijk gives verdict on Man Utd target De Jong Ronaldo has said enough since the season's end to suggest he plans to stay at United rather than cutting his two-year contract short at the halfway mark. And he would be an integral part of Ten Hag's first squad if he decides to stick around. The Portuguese icon could have to accept he won't be starting every week, something he publicly struggled with at times last season, considering Ten Hag plans to sign a young striker to bolster his attacking depth. But Ronaldo's presence would be just as important in the dressing room as on the pitch at the start of United's latest rebuild. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.