The Apple Watch is getting another life-altering feature, with the wearable soon able to remind you about any medication you need to take. With watchOS 9, which was announced today at WWDC 2022, your Apple Watch along with your iPhone will help you track the medication you need to take each day. You'll be able to put schedules and reminders in the new app for any medication, vitamins or supplements you need to take as well track the history of the pills you've been taking. Apple Watch users will be able to create custom schedules for each medication, which is ideal if you're taking different pills with different dosages. And in the US users will receive a notification letting them know if there are any potential reactions between medications they're taking. The new Medications app coming to both the Apple Watch and iPhone was revealed today at WWDC as Apple outlined its watchOS 9 update. The update will also bring with it improvements to the Workout app, the Sleep app and adds a new AFib History feature.  This tool, which has been approved by the US's FDA (Food and Drug Administration) health agency, is a first-of-its-kind feature. Working in conjunction with the Apple Watch's ECG sensor, the wearable will now be able to detect potential signs of atrial fibrillation (AFib). This condition, which causes an irregular heartbeat, if not treated is one of the leading underlying reasons for a stroke. The AFib history feature will be available to those diagnosed with the condition in the US. Elsewhere, Apple watchOS 9 will also add four brand new watch faces (Lunar, Playtime, Metropolitan and Astronomy) as well as improvements to some of the most classic watch faces.  Speaking about the watchOS 9 update, Jeff Williams, Apple’s chief operating officer, said: "Users around the world love Apple Watch for helping them stay connected to those they love, be more active throughout the day, and better manage their health. "This fall, watchOS 9 takes the Apple Watch experience to the next level with scientifically validated insights across fitness, sleep, and heart health, while providing users more creative ways to make their Apple Watch their own." Also, for the very first time iPhone users will be able to take advantage of an iconic Apple Watch feature, with the Fitness app making its way from the wearable to Apple's line of phones. Like the watchOS version, the iPhone version of the Fitness app will let users set activity goals, and will help motivate them to stay active with the Move ring. This tool shows how many calories you've burned each day along with other health information such as how often you've been moving, exercising and standing. 