Journalist Robert Fox, who covered the Falklands War 40 years ago, revealed that British soldiers could have been “stopped by the terrible weather”. He said that “we were getting into Antarctic winter”,  adding the night Argentinian soldiers surrendered, it was “-17C degrees”. Mr Fox told LBC: “We sail the main group with a bulk of reporters on Good Friday from Southampton and it was over. “And it was a good thing that it was over by June 14. “If they had been heading towards July 14, I think the whole thing could have been stopped by the terrible weather. “It was getting worse and worse. “We were getting into Antarctic winter. “The night the Argentine surrendered and went out to the little airfield it was -17C degrees and more with the windchill factor.” The claims came as LBC host Nick Ferrari asked: “What is unique about the Falklands conflict as you reflect on all the war battles that you’ve covered?” He also added: “It was very strange. READ MORE: Brave couple shuns modern life in favour of pre-war Britain lifestyle “It was a very intimate way. “I got to know so many people in that task force, who remained very good friends as well as colleagues. “Some of them are still friends to me”. The conflict was a short undeclared war between Argentina and Britain in 1982 over the sovereignty of the Falkland Islands in the South Atlantic, 8,000 miles from the UK. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Remoaners humiliated as UK exports to EU hit record high [WATCH]Boris to unveil Brexit masterplan TODAY but faces bitter row with MPs [LISTEN]Northern Ireland Protocol legislation defended by Brexiteers [INSIGHT] The islands are also known as Islas Malvinas. The war lasted 74 days and costed the life of over 900 soldiers, more than 600 of them were Argentinians In light of the 40-year anniversary this year, events are being held today across the south of England to mark 40 years since the conflict ended. Portsmouth and Southampton, where British ships departed for Falklands Islands, are both commemorating the anniversary. The war ended on 14 June 1982, the day Argentine forces surrendered.