The 63-year-old radio broadcaster insists she was sacked from BBC Radio 6 Music because she is over 60. She had been with the station for 20 years and left in March. Liz has since spoken out about her departure, taking to Twitter to explain she believes the dismissal was an example of ageism within the broadcaster. She recently told her 22,000 followers on Twitter: "I got sacked from @BBC6Music because they don’t want women over 60." The statement was in response to a tweet which had been calling for parliament to discuss women being "erased from public services and institutions". Speaking on ITV's Lorraine on Friday, Liz detailed the experience behind her argument. Lorraine read out a BBC comment in response to the claims. READ MORE: Stranger Things fans expose secret season 4 villain working with Vecna She said: "All radio schedules evolve and the recent schedule changes will allow us to explore other musical stories. "We always discuss changes and our editorial plans with affected presenters. "There were no other factors involved in the decisions, and we are proud to have a diverse range of presenters on TV and radio." "Diverse except in age," Liz hit back as she sat with Lorraine in the studio. "Well that's really interesting," the presenter replied. "Because you know, we're about the same age. I'm going to be 63 in November." Liz confirmed: "I'm 63 now." Lorraine remarked: "Right. Now, the thing about here and working on daytime and on ITV, is that experience is really valued. "Genuinely, it's valued. It doesn't matter if you're on air or you're off air, if you're working in production or if you're one of the team, it's actually valued. DON'T MISS... GMB fans blast Mike Parry suggestion 'flip-flops KILL' in fiery row [VIDEO]Deborah James in candid admission in final TV appearance [LATEST]EastEnders fans 'work out' Linda Carter's revenge plot on Janine [THEORY] "And it's prized because it's that thing of amassing loads of experience, and then being able to share that with everyone." She continued: "Now you've just said you're a walking encyclopedia about music, that's huge! "I mean you're a great resource, if you want to go back to management speak, you're a resource and should be used in that sense, if you know what I mean." Liz later questioned her dismissal and asked: "Why are there no women over 60?" She added: "You’ve got nearly 20 blokes on the BBC pop music stations aged between 60 and 80, a lot of them pushing 80. "How many women have you got? You’ve got two now I’m gone. "You’ve got Elaine Paige on a Sunday afternoon playing songs from the musicals and you’ve got Anne Nightingale who somehow - she was the first female DJ I listened to growing up - she’s 82 or something. "She records a programme and it’s put out at 2am on a Sunday morning and that’s it." Her comments are the latest in a series of ageism claims to hit the BBC. In 2011, presenter Miriam O'Reilly won a case on age discrimination after she was axed from working on Countryfile. She was 53 at the time of her dismissal from the channel's staple Sunday evening show. Further claims came recently when Sue Barker, then 64, was replaced by 48-year-old Paddy McGuinness as host on A Question of Sport. Lorraine airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 