Shakira, 45, has confirmed she is no longer with her footballer beau, Gerard Piqué, 35, following an eleven-year relationship and two children together. The Hips Don't Lie star told her fans the couple had discussed what was best for their children. Shakira's communication agency confirmed: "We regret to confirm that we are parting ways. "For the well-being of our children, who are our highest priority, we ask that you respect their privacy. Thank you for your understanding." The pair met before the 2010 World Cup in South Africa, when Pique featured in the music video for the tournament's official song by Shakira. Together, they share Milan, 9, and Sasha, 7. READ MORE: Piers Morgan's dig at Meghan Markle after Prince Louis' reaction The former power couple were hit with split claims in 2017, as it was suggested the two were no longer living together and Shakira had instigated the split. It followed weeks of speculation about the pair's relationship status in the Colombian press, with a source claiming she "could no longer cope with the situation". Telling Cotilleo, the source claimed: "It's something serious and she has been the one who has finally made the decision." The star referenced complications with relationships in her latest single, Te Felicito with Rauw Alejandro. She sings: "To complete you I broke into pieces; I was warned, but I didn't listen; I realised that yours is false... "It was the drop that overflowed the glass; Don't tell me you're sorry, that sounds sincere, but I know you well and I know you're lying." The couple had been together since 2011, having met while filming the music video for Waka Waka. DON'T MISS... Bradley Walsh's wife Donna showcases stunning figure in pink bikini [PICS] Tom Hanks's 'loneliness of marriage' laid bare [INSIGHT] Roman Kemp recalls swearing at Prince William the first time they met [COMMENT] Gerard's team won the World Cup that year, with his soon-to-be girlfriend during the final. In the fall of 2012, Shakira used Instagram to announce to fans that she was pregnant with the football star's son. Two years later the couple announced they were expecting their second child, Sasha, who was born in 2015. The pair never married, with Gerard giving the reason for never giving Shakira a ring in a recent podcast. Speaking to Gary Neville on The OverLap, Gerard explained he hadn't proposed because their relationship "works fine as it is". He said: "I like how we are right now. We have two kids, nine and seven, and we work good as a couple. "We don't need to be married, it's fine." Shakira previously praised her boyfriend on his parenting style, claiming he's her "biggest support" when it comes to raising their children. She said: "He's got his feet on the ground and is very practical about problem-solving. When I get stressed about how to organise things or juggle it all, he helps put it all in perspective. "And he is my biggest support. We're both very hands-on parents."