Kate Middleton stepped out in a white blazer dress for Platinum Party at the Palace on Saturday June 4, 2022. Just one day prior, Meghan Markle attended the National Service of Thanksgiving in a chic white coat. Image coach and personal stylist Melissa Lund spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the Duchesses' new staple pieces and how non-royals can recreate their look. New research by New Look revealed that searches for “white women's blazer” have shot up by 100 percent - but why? Kate Middleton wowed as ever at the Platinum Party at the Palace in a pleated satin white dress from Self-Portrait. It is retailed at £400. The top of the dress resembled a blazer and featured shoulder pads for added structure. The dress also included a belt with cinched in Kate's tiny waist. READ MORE: Meghan Markle magnificent in navy at Trooping the Colour  Meghan also opted for a white ensemble just one day before. The Duchess of Sussex was pictured at St Paul's Cathedral in a white dress-coat from Dior. Like Kate, Meghan's enviable waist was cinched in with a little belt. She was a vision in white, pairing the dress with white pumps, a white clutch and white hat. It is unsurprising that so many non-royals want to replicate their looks for less. Melissa Lund spoke to Express.co.uk about the royals' choice of white blazer and how Kate and Meghan fans can achieve a similar look. She said: "Kate and Meghan both suit white and they have different approaches to styling their white blazers. "Her Alexander McQueen white coat dress which she wore for the Queen’s platinum jubilee featured a blazer-style top half and was perfectly tailored, as you’d expect from McQueen. "Kate’s diamond and sapphire jewellery (particularly the earrings) amped up the formality which was appropriate for the occasion." But the Duchess of Cambridge also knows how to dress a white blazer down. "She has been seen in a white waffle fabric blazer from Zara, which is a really classic shape as it has a beautifully fitted waist with a flattering curved front hem. "She put a simple white T-shirt underneath and the smooth fabric of the T-shirt contrasted nicely with the waffle texture of the blazer." The Duchess of Sussex is also partial to a white blazer, according to the expert. "Meghan also favours pale colours and recently wore a white trouser suit for the Invictus Games in the Netherlands. "The suit, by Valentino Edition, appeared to be slightly oversized. Meghan accessorised with subtle gold jewellery and white shoes, creating a contemporary and relaxed look." However, the stylist believed that Meghan could have gone for a more form-fitting blazer to "show off" Meghan's figure. As for how royal fans at home should style a blazer, Melissa told Express.co.uk readers: "I’d consider it a wardrobe staple as it’s infinitely flexible and can be worn with many different items. "A white blazer looks great with a hint of a tan. Add nude or tan shoes for daytime, and bling it up with snake print or metallic for evening. "Add a tonne of metallic jewellery – gold, silver or a mix of both (depending on your skin tone and your personal preferences) and you’re good to go." For "brave" fashionistas, on option is to do the blazer up with "as little underneath as possible". But Melissa highlighted one mistake - and it's something Meghan did! "I would avoid white shoes as these can look a bit obvious and won’t work if you want to wear your white blazer with navy or black trousers."