Andy Murray was interrupted in his post-match interview by a contingent of fans chanting his name after his straight-sets 7-6, 6-3 win over Stefanos Tsitsipas in the Stuttgart Open quarter-finals. After thanking the good-natured fans he attempted to continue the interview but the Murray contingent kept chanting his name and the Briton was keen to acknowledge their support. “They have got a few pints of beer in their hands as well," the two-time Wimbledon champion said as he saluted his supporters. “They are enjoying themselves!” Murray pulled off his most impressive performance of the year so far as he advanced to the semi-finals in Germany, and scored his first top-five win since 2016 against first seed Tsitsipas. His previous top-five win came against Novak Djokovic in the 2016 ATP Finals. The Scot has enjoyed a successful week on the German grass as he prepares for Wimbledon, and will face either Nick Kyrgios or Marton Fucsovics in the last four for a place in the final. The 35-year-old had to fight hard in a tough first set, but forced a tie-break which Murray won with a stunning ace. He then held his serve and broke Tsitsipas in game six of the second set to move 4-2 ahead, before holding his nerve to claim an impressive victory. “It was an amazing atmosphere,” Murray said on the court after his fans had finished chanting. “Almost full crowd. Beautiful weather today, really nice conditions to play tennis. I thought I did well. He served unbelievably in the first set. “I felt like I had very few chances, but when he was creating chances on my serve, I stayed strong. I played a really solid tie-break and in the second set, once I was in the rallies, I felt like I was dictating a lot of the points. It was a good performance.” Murray’s victory means he is yet to drop a set whilst out in Germany after two straight-set wins over Alexander Bublik and Christopher O'Connell before his win over the Greek star. He was able to get revenge for his defeat to Tsitsipas at the US Open, where he accused Tsitsipas of “cheating” when he took a lengthy bathroom break before coming from behind to win in five sets. “The toilet is right there, what's he doing?” The 2012 US Open champion said. “It's never once taken me that long to go to the toilet, ever. And it's right there." Murray then doubled down on his remakes on Twitter the next day. He wrote: “Fact of the day. It takes Stefanos Tsitipas twice as long to go the bathroom as it takes Jeff Bezos to fly into space. Interesting."