Queen Maxima, 51, is on a state visit to Austria with her husband King Willem-Alexander of The Netherlands. The Dutch Queen stepped out tonight wearing a beige and red kaftan dress by Dutch designer Jan Taminiau. The dress is from the modern camouflage collection, and she previously wore it in Portugal in 2017.  Maxima paired this with a ruby diamond necklace and earrings. The couple hosted a concert at the Konzerthaus in Vienna given by the Netherlands Chamber Choir. This was to thank the President for his hospitality during their state visit. The choir performed the world première of ‘Van Gogh in Me’, during which works of art by Vincent van Gogh and Gustav Klimt were displayed.  This was also accompanied by the music of their contemporaries. The Dutch royal couple is nearly at an end of their three-day state visit to Austria. Queen Maxima wore a caftan from 'Modern Camouflage' collection of Dutch fashion designer Jan Taminiau) Royal fan @GreeceOutsideIn tweeted: “Like a goddess! We have never seen Queen Maxima like this!”  The Queen looked as elegant as ever tonight as she stepped out with her husband King Willem-Alexander in Vienna. The flowing tricolour dress looked absolutely sensational. The Argentinan-born royal paired the long-sleeved floor-length dress with black heeled sandals and a black clutch to match the black block stripe on the dress. She completed the look with a stunning statement diamond necklace, complete with diamond earrings.  READ MORE: 'Vivacious!' Queen Maxima lands in Austria donning a red cape dress Her blond locks were worn down, wavy, and tucked behind one ear. The Queen showed off her tan last night when she stepped out in a stunning white dress at a state banquet. The floor-length off-the-shoulder dress complimented her envious figure, while her locks were styled in a relaxed up-do. The mum of three stole the show again tonight as she got out of the car and stepped onto the red carpet with her husband.  She also smiled at Austrian President Alexander Van der Bellen, who has invited the royal couple to visit his country, and his wife Doris Schmidauer. The First Lady of Austria also looked glamorous as she posed next to her husband and the King and Queen, wearing a satin cream top and black sequined trousers. The King and Queen accompanied the President and his wife in the Konzerthaus concert hall, where they would meet the Nederlands Kamerkoor. The couple, who share three daughters, arrived in Vienna yesterday and will leave tomorrow. 