Scarlette Douglas rose to fame on the travel property programme A Place in the Sun. However, more recently the property expert has teamed up with her brother Stuart Douglas as they launched two very different Channel 4 property programmes. Last month, the dynamic duo made their debut alongside George Clarke with Flipping Fast, and later this year, they will launch another makeover show called Worst House on the Street. Worst House on the Street will see Scarlette and Stuart helping couples and families to transform and makeover their homes. The show will see the siblings travel across the UK as they visit the properties at different stages of the transformation. Not only is Scarlette working on Flipping Fast, Worst House on the Street and A Place in the Sun, but she has also been filming for another solo property show called My Dream Derelict Home in the Sun. Her work schedule may be hectic, but the 32-year-old admitted that her brother has been keeping her going. READ MORE: Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting Speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Scarlette paid a sweet tribute to her brother as she opened up about her gruelling filming schedule. “Stuart is keeping me going because he's always excited and happy,” she began before adding: “And anytime I'm like, ‘I don't think I can do this,’ he just brings me back up. “So, it's just kind of having the right people around you that can get you through. “But it's great, I love what I do, and I love my job. They're all very different but I wouldn't change it for the world, I really wouldn't.” Stuart may not be used to the limelight like his sister, but he has worked alongside Scarlette as they continue to run their own property business. When discussing how he is coping with being in the public eye, Scarlette joked: “He’s not letting it go to his head at all. “But I think what's great for Stuart is that he's come in straight away as a primetime presenter. “I've obviously done all the daytime stuff and it's a very different ballgame, that's for sure. So, he's just coming in loving it.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Tracy Barlow kills again in Ken Barlow twist [SPOILERS]Brenda Blethyn discusses character clash in ITV series [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry slammed for having window down after security fears [VIDEO] Scarlette went on to discuss the chaos of filming abroad for A Place in the Sun and My Dream Derelict House in the Sun in 2020. The expert said she spent four months driving across from France and Spain to film for both shows, describing it as the “hardest thing I’ve ever done”. To make matters worse, the presenter’s schedule was put on hold after she caught coronavirus in Spain. "To kind of start-up last year, we couldn't really travel because of COVID-19 still and Brexit and all of that sort of stuff," she explained. "I don't think I got started again until March time, but then when I did start with that I had [to film] A Place in the Sun. "I also had My Dream Derelict Home in the Sun and Flipping Fast which started in April. “Then later on we got Love it or List it that we started filming in July, and in August I got stuck in Spain with COVID-19 for two weeks.” "When I looked at my diary for this year and at the end of last year I had a bit of a burnout," she admitted. "I had a bit of a meltdown. "I thought I don't know how I'm going do this, but by the grace of God and a lot of vitamins...a lot of water, it is kind of getting me through." A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4 and Worst House on the Street is expected to air in September.