Arsenal might find themselves back at square one despite the impending arrival of Gabriel Jesus this summer. Mikel Arteta is desperate to bring in the Manchester City star in the transfer window. Arsenal may be on the brink of signing Jesus from City this summer but there is a chance that his arrival might not actually solve any of the problems that the club have. Arteta has already made it clear that he wants to bring in a striker in the transfer window. It is obvious to see why after the departures of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette, leaving Eddie Nketiah as the only option. The 23-year-old penned a new contract recently with his old one set to expire this month to alleviate the glaring issues somewhat. However, that has still left the Gunners light up top and Arteta had targeted Jesus from the start to bolster his frontline. The Brazilian has made it clear to City that he wants to leave after the arrivals of Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez, who have nudged him down the pecking order. It has led to a scramble for the forward's signature, including the likes of Chelsea and Tottenham but Arsenal have reached a £45million agreement with City. But Jesus' own comments on his preferred playing position give Arsenal an issue when he insisted he would like to play out wide rather than up front. He once said: "In my mind, I was always more of a winger than a forward. I think that with my qualities, I help more from the wing than from the centre." That could give Arteta two major problems ahead of the rest of the transfer window with plenty of other targets on his mind. The first being that Jesus might not be the answer to his striker woes. It is no secret that the Spaniard would like to sign two players to play up front this summer but Jesus might not be even one of them. Having already signed Fabio Vieira, Arteta is running out of space for all his new arrivals. Who will drop out of the side to accommodate the duo, Emile Smith Rowe? Martin Odegaard? Bukayo Saka? It is hard to imagine three players that Arsenal have invested in heavily being booted out so soon. Arsenal might also have to rethink their position on Raphinha as well despite Arteta making the Leeds star a top priority. A second bid is being prepared for the Brazilian after an initial offer was rejected by the Whites. But the fact that the Brazilian would add another wide player to the mix might force the Gunners boss to reconsider his position on signing him. Raphinha would cost £65million yet would not solve Arteta's striker conundrum - would it be wise to splash that amount of cash on another winger if they already have Jesus? Whatever happens, the fact that Arsenal are even spending at all has given their fans a major reason to be optimistic as they hunt down a top-four spot. Having a wealth of attacking options might be a problem but it is not a bad problem to have - where it will leave the Gunners is yet to be seen.