Nick Kyrgios smashed his racket in frustration after losing the opening set of his Halle Open match against Stefanos Tsitsipas. It comes after the Aussie received a game penalty for a meltdown in his Stuttgart match against Andy Murray last week, after which the 27-year-old claimed he was racially abused by the crowd. Kyrgios is facing Tsitsipas in a mouthwatering second-round clash at the Terra Wortmann Open in Halle, in what is their fourth meeting. The pair played a neck-and-neck opening set before the world No 65 was forced to save two set points on his serve at 4-5. He then faced four more serving at 5-6, having already ranted to the umpire about what appeared to be the hawkeye system earlier in the set, but couldn't fend off the second seed again as Tsitsipas broke to take the opener 7-5. After losing the closely-fought set, Kyrgios went to the side of the court and smashed his racket before sitting down on his bench and continuing to rant in his latest fiery outburst. The 27-year-old was warned for his actions by umpire Timo Janzen. It comes after Kyrgios received a point penalty and game penalty in his Stuttgart semi-final against Murray last week. JUST IN: Raducanu and Alcaraz 'motivating' Jack Draper for Wimbledon success  The Australian Open doubles champion received a point pentalty for smashing his racket last week after double-faulting to hand Murray a break and received a further code violation for unsportsmanlike conduct as he continued his tirade which resulted in a game penalty, as Kyrgios argued with the umpire. He later took to social media to claim that he received racial abuse from a member of the crowd, with the tournament releasing a statement to confirm. DON'T MISSRafael Nadal 'expecting first child' after French Open heroicsUS Open to allow Russians to participate with Medvedev to defend titleBerrettini reacts to regret of losing ranking even with Queen's title  "When is this going to stop? Dealing with racist slurs from the crowd?" Kyrgios wrote on Saturday. "When I retaliate to the crowd I get penalised. This is messed up." The tournament responded by issuing a statement confirming they would investigate the Australian's allegations. "We have expressed our regret towards Nick Kyrgios and his team and assured that any kind of discrimination is unacceptable. The incident is currently under investigation. We stand for creating an inclusive environment for all. Discrimination of any kind is not tolerated. These fundamental values are as important as values like fairness, tolerance and team spirit to us. Thus no discriminating actions by the spectators are accepted." 