Palace officials are expected to confirm this week that a five-yearly review of the system of funding the Sovereign Grant will remain on hold. This is because the Crown Estate could recieve a massive £8.8 billion boost in income in the next decade from an expansion of wind farms in the seas around Britain. The Queen, who currently receives £86.3 million-a-year, could be in line for a huge increase in funding if the renewable energy projects go ahead. That is because her grant from the taxpayer is currently calculated as the equivalent of 25 percent of Crown Estate profits. But the Government’s Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy has blocked the latest round of leasing of offshore wind farms because of concerns that thousands of sea birds will die in the North Sea. Up to 4,000 black-legged kittiwakes, a species classed as vulnerable, are at risk of being killed or displaced each year from the wind turbines, according to the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds, which has warned the UK has lost two million sea birds in three decades. In environmental impact studies known as Habitats Regulations Assessments (HRAs), Crown Estate officials have proposed building artificial kittiwake towers to try to counter the effects of disruption to the birds’ feeding grounds. But the Government has not made a decision yet on whether the schemes can go ahead. In the light of that, a Treasury review expected to consider whether a sum equal to 25 percent of Crown Estate profits was still the right amount, has been suspended. It should have been completed and any changes made by April this year. An until now unnoticed annex to a report by the Royal Trustees - Prime Minister Boris Johnson, Chancellor Rishi Sunak, and the Queen’s Keeper of the Privy Purse Sir Michael Stevens - explained the position at the end of March. It said the five-yearly review had begun but the outcome would not be known until the outcome of the HRA process, noting “at the current time there is a high degree of uncertainty about the future path of the Crown Estate’s income net surplus, reflecting the timing of additional revenues from offshore wind developments”. The report added: “The Crown Estate is expecting to receive option fees for these projects while in development of several hundred million pounds each year. This will feed thorugh to a large increase in the Crown Estate’s net surplus which will be a relevant consideration for the review.” Treasury officials hope the outcome will be known by the end of this year, allowing them to fix the percentage in the funding formula. It may have to be cut to prevent it becoming too generous to the Queen. The Crown Estate, a property empire that includes large tracts of London’s West End, is in name only the property of the reigning monarch but every King or Queen since George III in 1760 has surrendered its entire annual profits to the Treasury in recognition of the fact that revenue from the Crown lands can no longer afford to pay for the costs of the state. In return, until 2012 the Government paid each monarch an annual allowance called the Civil List but since then it has been known as the Sovereign Grant. The money still comes from the taxpayer but rather than indexing it to, say, the inflation rate, it is indexed to the annual profits of the Crown Estate. Before it was introduced, palace officials said it would go up and down in line with the Crown Estate profits but at the last minute they had a clause inserted ensuring that if Crown Estate profits dropped, the grant would stay the same instead of falling. The Queen, who has given her staff a 5 percent pay increase this year, may still get a rise in next year’s Sovereign Grant if, as expected, the offshore wind farm issue is resolved. In their report, the Royal Trustees report said: “This assessment is currently expected to conclude during 2022 and in time for any changes to the percentage in the 2011 act to come into effect from April 2023.”