The Premier League’s all-time top scorer Alan Shearer has given his view on Liverpool’s new signing Darwin Nunez, as Jurgen Klopp’s side announced the transfer on Tuesday for a fee that could reach a club-record £85million. Newcastle United icon Shearer took to Twitter after Liverpool announced that Nunez had joined the club, writing: “Very good signing”, and he added a thumbs-up emoji as the Reds’ new Uruguayan striker was given the seal of approval. Nunez has signed a six-year contract at Anfield in a deal that costs Liverpool an initial £64m but could rise to a potential £85 million if he reaches every milestone possible, ranging from scoring goals to winning the Champions League. Liverpool announced the arrival of their new number 27 through a video on their Twitter account. “I’m really happy and delighted to be here at Liverpool," the 22-year-old told the club’s website. “It’s a massive club. I’d like to thank my partner and my parents and my son, who is a real source of pride for me. “They’ve been really important to me in the stages in my career. I’m really proud of them, and for the work we do, me and my partner, as a team and I’m grateful to her that I’m here. “It’s a pleasure to be here in Liverpool and I’m very happy to be a part of this great club. I’ve played against Liverpool and I’ve seen them in lots of games in the Champions League, and it’s my style of play. There are some great players here and I think it’s going to suit my style of play here.” Nunez is expected to be a replacement for Sadio Mane, who continues to be linked with a move to Bayern Munich. Liverpool are reportedly demanding a fee of £40m for the Senegalese star, who the German giants believe could be a replacement for Robert Lewandowski. Liverpool boss Klopp added: “It’s important we all recognise we are getting a ‘work in progress’ with Darwin. He recognises that himself, for sure. I love how much focus and humility he has. “Darwin is a wonderful player, already really good but so much potential to get even better. That’s why it’s so exciting, to be honest. His age, his desire, his hunger to be even better than he currently is. His belief in our project and what we are looking to do as a club. “He is as excited by us as we are by him, which makes for a great relationship, when you appreciate each other’s strengths. That is certainly the case here. He thinks we suit him and we believe he is the right fit for us – so let’s do it.”