Tomorrow, June 2, and Friday, June 3, have been set aside as bank holidays to encompass all of the Jubilee celebrations. Benefits due on these two dates, or the upcoming weekend, will be temporarily moved forward, with recipients due to receive them today. The Platinum Jubilee marks 70 years on the throne for Queen Elizabeth II, making her the first monarch in UK history to celebrate this anniversary. With such a big milestone comes big celebrations and events across the country which are due to start tomorrow as the four-day weekend begins. The extra bank holiday was announced earlier this year, while the late May bank holiday has been moved to this week. Because of this change, banks, building societies, DWP and HMRC offices are due to close over the bank holidays.  This means benefit payments due on these days would simply not be possible. As such, certain benefit payments will be moved forward to the closest working day, which is today June 1. It's similar to how payment dates can change around Easter and Christmas, when bank holidays interfere with usual procedures. Anyone expecting benefit payments before or after the bank holidays should not be affected. It should also be noted that this is a temporary change, and benefit payments should go back to their usual dates next month. The amount that people receive from their benefits will not change because of the shifted payment dates. Britons have been cautioned to properly budget this month, as an earlier payment date means they will have to wait a few days longer than usual between payments. For example, someone due a benefit payment on the third of each month had just 29 days between their May and June payments. However they will have 31 days between their June and August payment. The DWP said: “On Thursday 2 and Friday June 3 offices and phone lines are closed. “To make sure people receive their payments on a day when our offices are open, arrangements have been made to make some payments early. “If the expected payment date is Thursday 2 or Friday June 3, benefits will be paid early on Wednesday June 1.” The benefits expected to be affected include: