Tottenham have been urged to forget signing Richarlison because he would not be a "statement signing". Former Spurs striker Teddy Sheringham believes his old team should instead focus on alternative big-name targets. Everton star Richarlison has been linked with a move to north London after helping the Toffees stay in the Premier League. Antonio Conte has already made two signings in Ivan Perisic and Fraser Forster, and is closing in on Brighton midfielder Yves Bissouma. But Sheringham does not think Richarlison would be a wise signing, claiming there are already enough players of his ilk at the club. He told Lord Ping: "I don't think he's what is needed now. "Tottenham have got good attacking players; [Harry] Kane, [Heung-min] Son, [Dejan] Kulusevski, [Steven] Bergwijn is still there, [Lucas] Moura is still there. We’ve got players in the Richarlison mold and I don’t think he would be a statement signing that would get teams worried. READ MORE: Avram Glazer’s promise as Man Utd push to make six signings for Erik ten Hag  "If they were to sign him, what would the result be? In my day, when we signed [Jurgen] Klinsmann, a proper World Class player, everyone in the dressing room was buzzing. "We knew what we were going to get from him. You need players that are going to take you to the next level and I don’t think Richarlison is one of them." Tottenham are back in the Champions League after finishing fourth in the Premier League last term. And Sheringham would like to see a couple of major incomings give what he feels is a much-needed boost to the squad. He added: "I'd like to see at least two more players go in there. Statement signings that show the world Tottenham are changing the stature of the club. DON'T MISSBarcelona's 'promise' is excellent news for Man Utd and Frenkie de Jong pursuitTransfer news LIVE: Five Man Utd targets, Liverpool agree final deal, Jesus to ArsenalArsenal trying to reach Gabriel Jesus agreement 'today' in crunch Man City talks  "Tottenham have good players in the club, but they need to get better ones now. Tottenham are going places." One player he would love to see in a Spurs shirt is West Ham and England star Declan Rice. Sheringham said: "If you're going to make a statement, and West Ham fans won't like me for this, then go and get Declan Rice. He is an unbelievable player. "And he's good for the next eight years. He's the man to take us to the next level. "These big players don't come around very often, but signing him would make a statement because he is immense every time he plays. He would make a statement to say we're going places, and that's what you want."  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here