The wife of Prince Albert II of Monaco tested positive for COVID-19, Monaco's palace announced. Princess Charlene, 44, tested positive after "presenting some symptoms". ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** The statement, shared with People magazine, added: "Complying with the health rules in force, Princess Charlene will observe a period of isolation of several days. "The state of her health is not a source of concern." As a consequence of her Covid diagnosis, Charlene will miss the Riviera Water Bike Challenge sponsored by her charity Foundation, scheduled to take place later today. The royal was last seen in public last week at Monaco's Grand Prix circuit, to which the stylish princess arrived in a powder blue jumpsuit with a back-to-front collar designed by Terrence Bray. Charlene appeared in high spirits as, accompanied by Prince Albert, she thanked volunteers, greeted fans and met some of the drivers and celebrities on the track. The mother-of-two was also spotted holding the hand of her daughter Princess Gabriella, who looked particularly fashionable in a long flowery dress and wide black and white sunglasses. The Covid diagnosis comes just weeks after Charlene has returned to the public eye after battling with health issues. Her woes began in May 2021, when she contracted a severe ENT infection while in South Africa with her foundation to carry out conservation work. READ MORE: Duke fumes after UK crowds heckle him and Meghan The royal was meant to remain there for less than a fortnight but ended up being stuck in the country for six months, unable to travel by plane due to her condition. While undergoing medical visits and procedures, she was visited twice by her children Gabriella and Prince Jacques and husband Albert. Nevertheless, the princess admitted spending months apart from her family was "trying", in particular as she was forced to miss important milestones such as her 10th wedding anniversary. Speaking to South Africa’s Channel24 last July, she said: "I miss my husband and children dearly. "What has been extremely difficult for me was when I was instructed by my medical team that I could not return home for my 10th wedding anniversary. "Albert is my rock and strength and without his love and support I would not have been able to get through this painful time." Charlene eventually returned to Monaco in November last year. However, her trip back to the principality did not see her immediately take on public duties. A few days after the palace announced the princess would miss the celebrations for National Day on November 19, Prince Albert announced his wife had decided to be admitted to a treatment facility to help her with the "exhaustion, both emotional and physical" she was experiencing. Explaining it became clear his wife needed support after her return from South Africa, the prince said: "She was overwhelmed and couldn’t face official duties, life in general or even family life." Albert also stressed Charlene's absence from Monaco and public life had nothing to do with their marital relationship, slamming rumours of a rift between husband and wife. He said: "I want to make that very clear. "These are not problems within our relationship; not with the relationship between a husband and wife. It's of a different nature." After spending months at a facility outside of Monaco, Charlene returned home in March. In late April, she made her first public appearance at the Monaco E-Prix. In the following week, she joined her family for the Saint Devoté Rugby Tournament and later in May attended a special event during the Montecarlo Fashion Week with her daughter Gabriella.