Benefits like PIP and Carer’s Allowance will not entitle claimants to the £650 of support being given to other benefit claimants. Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced the additional support at the end of May but since then calls have been made for him to extend the support to non-means tested benefits too.   Earlier this week Conservative MP Virginia Crosbie called on the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to extend the support to include people receiving PIP and Carer’s Allowance. This was dismissed by MP David Rutley who noted: “Personal Independence Payment and Carer’s Allowance are not means tested, but customers in receipt of these, and other, non-means tested who are also entitled to an eligible means-tested benefit will receive the payment. This means nearly 60 percent of those who are working age on Carer’s Allowance will get a Cost of Living Payment.” The support package announced in late May adds on to the £350 worth of measures previously announced. Now, the support package will cost over £37billion, with support hoping to target the most financially vulnerable households in the UK. READ MORE: Martin Lewis shares the 'best thing' to do with inheritance money     These households are expecting to receive £1,200 total of one-off support. This will consist of the £150 council tax rebate already announced in the original measures. Instead of £200 energy discount due to be repaid over the next five years, every household will now be receiving a £400 discount which does not need to be repaid. Lastly, targeted support is being supplied to those on low income, pensioners and the disabled.  People on means-tested benefits are expecting a £650 payment, which is expected to be paid in two instalments of £326 and £324 respectively. Those on disability benefits, including some of the new Scottish disability benefits, will be given £150 disability cost of living payment. This payment is expected in September and to be eligible claimants must have been receiving one of the eligible benefits on May 25, 2022. Both the disability cost of living payment and the £650 for low income households will be automatic and claimants will not need to apply for it.  The following are the qualifying disability benefits:  To be eligible for the £650 payment Britons must be receiving one of the following benefits: