"On-site fire operations" were called to the scene after the plane experienced "difficulties upon landing", a spokesperson for Leeds Bradford airport said. Reports on social media claimed that the plane was seen "blocking" the runway for some time after it had landed. The affected flight is thought to be the 8.45am flight from Faro, Portugal.  No one was harmed and all passengers "disembarked safely", the airport said. Four flights were diverted to other airports as a result of the incident. Several flights have also reportedly been delayed, including the 12.15pm Ryanair flight to Faro, the 1.25pm Jet2 flight to Paris and the 1.30pm Flybe plane to Belfast City. Meanwhile, passengers on the affected plane were transported from the aircraft to the airport via two buses.   One passenger, Matthew Beedham, claimed that the plane was blocking the runway after its "tyre blew out". The latest incident is yet another issue to arise at UK airports this week, which have been dealing with cancellations, delays and massive queues across the bank holiday weekend. Tui, Britain's biggest holiday firm, announced on Tuesday that it has cancelled nearly 200 flights across the month of June. Other operators also cancelled flights, with 31 easyJet flights scrapped at Gatwick on Tuesday. Meanwhile, British Airways cancelled at least 124 short-haul flights at London Heathrow Airport yesterday.  According to aviation data firm Cirium, a total of 291 departures from major UK airports were cancelled over the course of last week. But Garry Graham, deputy general secretary of Prospect union, warned that further travel disruption is still to come. He said: "Unions warned the government and aviation employers repeatedly that slashing staff through the crisis would lead to problems with the ramp-up post-pandemic. "The government point to the furlough scheme but ignore that it ended well before the majority of international restrictions on travel came to an end. "Now we see staff shortages across the industry, with huge reliance on overtime to get by day-to-day. "In many areas, like air traffic control, overtime is only a temporary sticking plaster. "So, things could get worse this summer before they get better." Earlier today, Luton airport also faced chaos after it was hit by a power failure. At least 13 flights into the airport were diverted to other airports this morning between 7am and 9am. Meanwhile, as many as 12 Wizz Air and EasyJet flights were cancelled.  Speaking from Luton airport, TalkTV presenter Johnny Seifert said: "The queues have started to really pick up. "Now the queues are going all the way back, so I would say as the day gets busier and busier it's going to be chaos here. "At the moment it seems to be okay with EasyJet. WizzAir it seems to be a lot bigger." He added: "By 10 o'clock I imagine this airport will be absolutely flooded." A spokesperson for Leeds Bradford airport told Express.co.uk: "Our on-site fire operations attended the runway to support an inbound Ryanair flight experiencing difficulties upon landing. "Passenger safety is our biggest priority and our team acted promptly to manage the incident. "As part of this we took the decision to divert four flights to nearby airports while we assisted the flight. "All passengers disembarked safely, and operations have returned to normal."**