WBC heavyweight champion Tyson Fury is down £20,000 after purchasing a new guard dog to protect his family from thieves. The Gypsy King, who has an estimated net worth of £120m, recently added a £380,000 Rolls-Royce Phantom Series II to his ever-growing car collection which includes two Ferraris. With his Morecambe home a potential target for burglars with its many expensive items, Fury has bought a Rottweiler named Cash to protect his wife Paris and their six kids. In a recent Instagram post, the lineal champion posted a photo of his canine friend on Instagram with the caption: "Welcome to the team," and added a video of him taking the dog for a run along the Morecambe seafront with his dad John and half-brother Tommy. Fury purchased his new pooch from Elite Protection Dogs, a London-based dealer which sells "exclusive dogs for exclusive people". The company recently sold a German Shepherd to former premier league footballer Ashley Cole and has provided extensively trained protection dogs for a whole host of celebrities. The website currently lists a variety of dogs for sale ranging from Dobermans to Belgian Malinois. A description on the company’s website reads: “We are an international team of protection dog developers with 35 years of experience in cynology, including a team of professional dog handlers/trainers and a head office based in the heart of London. MORE BOXING NEWS... Canelo labelled 'just a regular guy' after Bivol loss Inoue stops Donaire and calls for Butler fight next Garcia's reaction spotted as he loses £16k Spence Jr bet “We have been brought together by one idea -- to create a super dog with elite genes and skills, custom for elite people. All our puppies come from military and police backgrounds with generations of experience. "Protection dogs are fully integrated into family life, as pets, and as working dogs, which can react on the command from the owner or expression of aggression from an attacker towards a family member. Protection dogs are not dangerous if raised correctly. Our 35-year dog training and expertise prove this.” Cyclist Mark Cavendish, Chelsea footballer Reece James, and Manchester City’s Jack Grealish have all sought out the services of protection dogs recently after a series of raids on the homes of the sports stars. And Fury has purchased his hound in the hopes of avoiding the same. Other stars with protection dogs include Raheem Sterling, Dele Alli, Marcus Rashford, and Rio Ferdinand.