Tennis legend Mats Wilander has predicted what it will take for Andy Murray to retire from the sport. The Brit has enjoyed a very successful career, which includes three Grand Slams and two Olympic gold medals and a year end number one finish in 2016. However, the last five years have been very challenging for the 35-year-old, who has struggled with hip injuries and undergone multiple surgeries as a result. He has not won a title since 2019 and is currently ranked just 68th in the world. The plethora of problems brought on by his injuries have led many to suggest that retirement may not be too far away. But Wilander has suggested he knows what the key factor will be when he decides to eventually hang up his racket. He told TennisHead: “Andy Murray is going to retire the day he walks on the court and plays for 10 minutes and realises ‘I actually don’t give a s**t how this match ends, or how it looks.’ And he’s not going to retire that day because he’s going to finish the match. “But he’s going to retire very shortly after the first time that he feels that he’s careless about trying to give himself the best chance to play his best tennis and make his opponent the worst possible. That’s the day he’s going to go ‘ok that’s it, I’m done.’” Murray’s desire and passion foir the sport is clear to see as he continues to fight to find his best level of tennis and compete for the biggest titles once again. But once that desire fades away, especially at this stage of the former world number one’s career, it is very difficult to get back - according to Wilander. “Because there is a switch there that is not reachable. There is no switch that you can control,” the Swede added. “If somebody else switches that switch, suddenly there is a lack of interest, and there is a place in your brain and your heart that you can’t find. You can’t find your way to that part of your brain that is involved in trying to give yourself the best problem-solving.” JUST IN: Andy Murray explains why he expects to improve on last year's Wimbledon in defiant warning   Wilamder claimed Murray has proved him wrong with the fight he has shown to battle through his injury setbacks, especially given he is now playing with metal in his hip. “To be honest, I thought he had already reached that place [of losing his way]. But he’s actually proven me and everybody wrong that he hasn’t," he continued. "He’s still there and he’s still trying to solve problems and that’s the happiest place that he can be on Earth. That is being on a tennis court knowing that he’s willing and wants to solve the problem that he’s involved in. “Of course being at home with his family I’m sure those situations make him as happy or happier.  But in terms of playing tennis, it’s not practising, it’s not the locker room, it’s not talking to the media. DON'T MISSAndy Murray opens up to Ben Foster on his tennis future and past retirement fearsAndy Murray wants Wimbledon super-team with Emma Raducanu but exciting plan may be blockedJamie Murray agrees with brother Andy as Brit urges Wimbledon not to cut prize money   “It is being there on the court, willing to listen to his emotions and then picking a choice. Then when they are the right ones he’s going to be the happiest tennis player that has ever lived. And he’s doing it right now.” Murray continues to bolster his preparations for Wimbledon and hopes to back up a semi-final appearance in the Surbiton Trophy with a strong showing at the ATP Mercedes Cup in Stuttgart this week.