9. Nike Merlin (2018/19) Nike feature in almost every ball on this list, and that includes some designs that have failed to impress. The Merlin was one of those - not that it was an awful ball - but with a design that was pretty unremarkable and extremely forgettable, it ranks in at number nine on the list. The Geo Merlin is iconic for some superb Premier League moments. Thierry Henry's superb volley against Manchester United, Mark Viduka's spellbinding quartet that downed Liverpool and Alan Shearer's screamer that upended Everton. But that is all it really had going for it. Bonus points for the stereotypical 2000s design - ugly and too much going on, but edgy. The Ascente is one of those designs that comes with the saying of 'the streets won't forget'. Designers had obviously booked up their ideas by that part of the decade, and alongside some iconic moments it certainly holds some form of pedigree in the Premier League Ball Hall of Fame. A solid selection. Now we're talking. Pleasing on the eye, the Tracer - much like the Geo Merlin - looks very stereotypical for its era. Wayne Rooney's overhead kick vs Manchester City was created with this beauty, and as the Premier League's most famous goal of all time, at least the Tracer will be shown time after time. The first multicoloured ball on the list, and what an introduction. Inspired by comic books, the Sculpt was a bestseller when it was introduced just before Christmas of last season. The ball has rarely been used which does mark it down a notch, but it's arguably the most creative ball of the lot. Sergio Aguero will forever remember the Seitiro ball after his late heroics against QPR, and fans are always drawn to the ball for being incredibly iconic. The striking rocket design, the logo fronting the ball and the memories that came with it rank the legendary relic in the top four. Nike's Omni ball was superbly simple and sufficient. Most notable for its striking red design, this was seen across many parks and playgrounds across the country trying to replicate stunning goals from that season. Mainly Liverpool fans trying to copy Andrea Dossena's chip in the 4-1 mauling of Manchester United at Old Trafford... Rolling back the years, Mitre have trumped all but one of the Nike balls with the Premix and Ultimax editions. Lasting an entire eight years - before consumerism meant that a new ball was produced every single year - Matt Le Tissier, Tony Yeboah and every nineties goal that mesmerised fans was created with this. The classic. If the Mitre balls are defined as classic, then the T90 Aerow is El Clasico. The third design in Premier League history, Nike's T90 design stormed the world by introducing the winter ball - by far the most iconic of all the Premier League designs. Jose Mourinho's Chelsea topping United with Didier Drogba rolling one in at the Shed End? Historic.