Want the best Galaxy S22 Ultra deals in the UK today? We've got everything you need to know. For those who missed the glitzy announcement earlier this year, Galaxy S22 Ultra is a new flagship handset from Samsung that resurrects the S Pen stylus. Yes, less than two years after Samsung unceremoniously killed its Galaxy Note series, this popular digital stylus is back and better than ever. The next-generation S Pen for the Galaxy S22 Ultra boasts a more responsive nib that Samsung says will make it feel like you're writing on real paper. There's also a powerhouse 4nm processor inside the S22 Ultra as well as an improved quad-rear camera with 100x zoom, and an expansive 6.8-inch AMOLED display with a 120Hz refresh rate for silky smooth animations and fast-paced gaming. Samsung has also managed to squeeze a massive 5,000mAh battery inside the Galaxy S22 Ultra which can be fast-charged within minutes. If you want to find out whether all of this cutting-edge tech adds up to a compelling package, check out our in-depth Samsung Galaxy S22 Ultra review. If you already know the Galaxy S22 Ultra is going to be your next Android smartphone, we've got all of the best S22 Ultra deals below. If you're already happy with your current SIM-only deal – or just want to buy the handset separately from your 5G data, calls and text messages – you'll be pleased to know that a number of retailers have now dropped the Galaxy S22 Ultra price since its announcement back in early 2022. As such, you can get a serious discount if you're willing to pay for the smartphone outright. If you'd rather get your brand-new Galaxy S22 Ultra on a pay monthly contract, there's plenty of choice. All of the major UK mobile networks stock the flagship Galaxy S22 Ultra, so you're spoiled for choice. At the moment, you can bag a £250 gift card for free with some S22 Ultra deals, as well as a free Disney+ subscription for six months to watch on your new handset. Scroll down for the best Samsung Galaxy S22 Ultra deals in June 2022... EE isn't known for its affordable prices, however, the BT-owned mobile network has one of the most expansive (and fastest) 5G networks in the UK. If superfast downloads on-the-go are a priority, there's no better choice than EE. Given that so many of the Galaxy S22 Ultra's flagship features are geared toward productivity, it makes sense to use the handset on a network with rock-solid coverage nationwide. If you want to drop the monthly bills, EE will drop the price by £14 per month when you trade in a Note20 Ultra 5G, Note20 Ultra, Note 20 5G, Note20, S21, S21 Plus, S21 Ultra, Flip 1, Flip 2, Fold 1, Fold 2, S20 Ultra 5G, S20+ 5G, S20 5G, S20, Note 10+ 5G, Note 10 5G, Note 10, S10 5G, S10+, S10, or S10e. Better yet, these handsets can be in any condition to unlock the discount ...so don't worry if you've scratched the screen of your old Samsung! When it comes to freebies, Three Mobile has blown the competition out of the water. For a limited time, the network is giving away a pre-paid debit card loaded up with £250 to spend on anything you want. The debit card can be spent anywhere that accepts Mastercard which is, basically, anywhere. With £250 under your belt, you could treat yourself to a brand-new pair of noise-cancelling headphones, wireless earbuds, or other accessories to bolster your new Samsung Galaxy S22 Ultra. Of course, you're under no obligation to buy anything phone-related with the money – you could equally use the pre-paid debit card to take money off your next holiday or buy a new telly. As a Three customer, you'll also benefit from the network's new rewards scheme, Three+, which includes discount cinema tickets every week and free coffees from high street stores. Think of it like O2 Priority ...but with Three. Vodafone lets Galaxy S22 Ultra fans customise every aspect of their pay monthly plan. As part of the online checkout process, customers will be able to change the length of the contract to pay off the cost of the handset, tweak the amount of 5G mobile data available each month, and decide whether or not to pay an upfront cost. As such, you'll be able to fine-tune the monthly bills and allowances until it's tailormade for you. Whatever you decide, all Vodafone customers will be eligible for Vodafone Rewards, which offer free coffees, cinema tickets, and discounts on gifts from high street stores. It's a nice treat for being a customer. Otherwise, you'll enjoy lightning-fast streaming over the 5G network, unlimited calls and unlimited text messages. O2 is one of the only mobile networks that has not resurrected EU roaming charges in the wake of the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. As such, you'll be able to take your brand-new Galaxy S22 Ultra abroad and use your 5G data allowance, calls and text messages exactly like you do back in Blighty ...and you won't spend a penny more! For frequent travellers, this is huge bonus of picking O2 over the other networks in this guide, some of which charge as much as £5 a day to access your existing call, text and mobile data from the beach. Elsewhere, O2 Priority offers free coffees, baked goods from Greggs, and other discounts. You'll also be able to access tickets to some of the biggest music and comedy gigs, including at the O2 Arena in London, before everyone else fights it out on TicketMaster. You don't need to worry about a mammoth data allowance with Sky Mobile as it's one of the only mobile networks that allows customers to roll over any unused data. If you spend most of the week connected to a Wi-Fi network, either in the office, at home, or in the home office ...you can soon start to build up a solid reserve ready for a holiday or (heaven forfend) an internet outage when you really need a hefty data allowance. Better yet, anything streamed from a Sky-owned app – like Sky Go or Sky Sports News – will not count towards your monthly allowance. So, you'll be able to binge-watch boxsest from Sky Atlantic, HBO Max, and Peacock from Sky Go every day of the week, consuming gigabytes of data, and not see a digit drop from your monthly allocation. MORE LIKE THIS