Forecasters expect searing heat for the UK today (June 17), with the first British heatwave boosting the mercury past 30C, a rarity for mid-June. The extreme temperatures have prompted a warning from UK health authorities, who have urged people to take care of themselves and vulnerable loved ones. They won't need to fret for too long, as the heat will depart almost as soon as it arrives. While higher than average temperatures have dominated for most of the week, they have stayed in the 20C to 25C range. Today's forecast predicts a short-lived day-long 5C burst that wears off almost overnight. Temperatures will peak by 4pm, pushing highs to 32C in three areas, 30C to 31C in another three, and 29C in two. READ MORE: UK storm: 31C ends as mercury plunges 14C in HOURS Areas with the highest temperatures today include: London: 32C Peterborough: 32C Norwich: 32C Lincoln: 31C Birmingham: 30C Exeter: 30C Southampton: 29C Swindon: 29C By 7pm, only London, Norwich and Peterborough remain in the 30C to 31C range. Nighttime on Friday, around 10pm, will see those 30C highs dissipate across the country, leaving London the hottest at 26C. The highest temperatures for the day come close to the national June record of 35.6C set in 1976. Overnight, the southeast may remain uncomfortably hot, sticking between 16C and 20C. And on Saturday, temperatures peak around 4pm at 24C in and around the south coast, signalling the end of the extreme heat. Forecasts from the following week, beginning June 20, suggest temperatures will stay at 24C and below with scattered showers on Monday and Tuesday. These won't necessarily hold for the rest of the month, as the Met Office believes we will see the weather become highly variable. Between June 21 and 30, the agency believes most areas will remain "dry" for the most part, with "occasional bright spells and some sunshine". The long-range forecast also adds a "risk of showers", which could turn "thundery at times" in the south. The areas with the highest temperatures today will likely cloud over as southern regions stay "cloudier than elsewhere". Temperatures during this time will remain "around normal", likely sticking to the 20C monthly average. The "best of the sunshine" will stick around the "south and east" at the end of the month. The north, on the other hand, is in for "more unsettled spells", including cooler temperatures and a higher chance of rain.