On Thursday, thousands of people gathered at Buckingham Palace to watch Queen Elizabeth II stepped onto the balcony with the rest of the Royal Family. However, while Meghan Markle and Prince Harry weren't invited to take part in the Trooping of the Colour parade, the couple were spotted in the background. Speaking about the Duke and Duchess of Sussex on Good Morning Britain, ITV host Adil Ray could resist making a joke of the snub. When speaking to his co-host Ranvir Singh, Adil referred to the former Suits star as "Auntie Meg". In photographs which emerged of the couple on Thursday, Harry and Meghan were spotted entertaining Savannah Phillips and Mia Tindall through the window. Despite poking fun at the Duchess of Sussex, Adil did praise the royal and her husband. He went on to compliment the hat she was wearing for the celebrations. READ MORE: Michael Le Vell age: How old is Coronation Street's Kevin Webster?  "On the balcony yesterday...there's only the working Royals allowed on the balcony," he began. "Well, it's quite lovely shots of Harry and Megan through the window. "They were sort of asking the children to keep quiet. Where are these? Where are these photos, have we got them?" As the pictures appeared on screen, he said: "I thought it was fantastic and well-received and she wore this beautiful hat and it sold out in hours." As they discussed Meghan's hat, Adil laughed: "It has only occurred to me and there's one with Harry where he's with the two children as well doing pretty much the same thing. "It made me think when you go to a family event and no one talks to you, so you have to end up hanging out with the kids." He later put on a voice, as he added: "It's that thing of, 'Hello kids! Auntie Meg here!'" In recent weeks, Meghan and Harry's return to the UK has been the hot topic of conversation. DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom's Alexander Dreymon admits he wasn't 'devastated' [CAST]Hunniford in savage Meghan swipe upon Jubilee return [VIDEO]Antiques Roadshow expert struggles 'to put value on' medal [INSIGHT] The Loose Women panel also discussed the royal's rare appearance during Thursday's ITV show. "I've got a bit of an update for you actually," Kaye Adams told her co-stars. "Meghan and Harry have been spotted on the balcony." She later said: "We've also got some really cute pictures, I think of Meghan. There she is with I think that is Savannah and Isla Phillips. "So that's Peter's two girls and Mia Tindall and Lena who's the little one that's Zara's children."    "So she looks very happy and relaxed," Kaye added as they looked at pictures of Meghan with the children. "Oh, look, that's cute." "She looks great," Jane Moore complimented as Linda Robson added: "She looks lovely, doesn't she? She always looks lovely."  "Yes, she does and she looks comfortable," Kaye replied. "She doesn't look in any way awkward. "She's obviously very much kind of in the bosom of the family there." However, before they moved on, Gloria Hunniford made a cheeky swipe at the royal, as she said: "She'll be enjoying the billion viewers." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.