Royal expert Richard Kay said the Duke of Sussex’s return to the UK for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee must have been the “hardest of homecomings” because he was “reduced to little more than a spectator” at the momentous occasion. Mr Kay said before Meghan Markle came along Harry was the “very essence of a popular 21st-century prince”.  Harry and Meghan attended the Trooping celebrations at Horse Guards on Thursday but stayed out of the limelight inside the Duke of Wellington's former office with more than 30 members of the family. Only working members of the Firm appeared on the balcony of Buckingham Palace to watch the RAF flypast with the Queen. At one point, Prince Harry could be seen chatting to the Duke of Kent and interacting with the family’s children. Meghan also shared an adorable moment with Peter Phillips' daughters Isla and Savannah and Mike and Zara Tindall's eldest child Mia. The mother-of-two, who returned to the UK overnight with Prince Harry, was photographed playfully pulling faces with Mia, Isla and Savannah. The Duchess of Sussex's car window was also rolled down as she smiled at the cheering crowds. Writing for Daily Mail, Mr Kay said: “For Harry this must be the hardest of homecomings, because he has been reduced to little more than a spectator.  READ MORE: Omid Scobie insists Meghan and Harry's low-profile is their idea “Unable to appear in military uniform like his brother William and uninvited onto the Buckingham Palace balcony, he might have preferred the obscurity of being among the cousins who reside far down the royal line of succession. “That affection is no longer guaranteed from Britons who have been wearied by his endless sniping at the royals, at the monarchy and at the country. “The tragedy is that before Meghan came along, Harry was the very essence of a popular 21st-century prince. He was what every romantic expected a dutiful young royal to be – not only good-looking and a brave soldier, but someone who could laugh easily at himself. Indeed, laughter accompanied him everywhere he went.  DON'T MISS Dr Shola praises Meghan and Harry 'Coolest uncle and aunt' [OPINION]Meghan Markle and Harry make OFFICIAL return to Royal Family life [PICTURES]Jubilee LIVE: Shock as North Korean dictator sends message to Queen [BLOG] “Meghan's arrival in his life changed so much of that. But was this her fault, or was it down to Harry's uncertainty over how to bring a fragrant Hollywood figure into the restrictive and highly controlled world of royal life?” The Royal Family will again be out in force for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations today in the Queen's absence at a special service of thanksgiving. Prince Charles is set to represent his mother after the 96-year-old monarch pulled out of the high-profile occasion at St Paul's Cathedral in London.  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be at St Paul's back in full public view alongside the Windsors for the first time since they quit the monarchy for a new life in the US two years ago. It is not known when the world will catch a glimpse of their two children Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana.  Senior royals attending include Charles, the Duchess of Cornwall, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and extended Royal Family, although the disgraced Duke of York will be missing after catching Covid. Tributes will be paid to the Queen's "70 years of faithful and dedicated service" as 2,000 people including Prime Minister Boris Johnson, Cabinet ministers, Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer, first ministers of the devolved governments and former prime ministers fill the historic church.