The customer purchased the pizza from Westgate Pizza in Canterbury, Kent, and realised the classic Margherita was two inches shy of its advertised diameter. After kicking up a fuss, the customer took to social media to voice their disappointment, sharing an image of the pizza next to the tape measure.  The post, which went viral after being shared by LADbible, has been ridiculed for its “pettiness”, with others joking that Trading Standards should be notified. Workers at Westgate Pizza responded by saying pizzas shrink slightly when cooked. They have defended the size of the pizza, and stressed that a full refund was offered to the disgruntled customer. The social media post was published on Monday evening on the Canterbury Residents’ Group Facebook page by Coral Heath.  She wrote: “We ordered a 15in pizza from Westgate Pizza and received a 13in and was called liars [sic] and said it was 15 because that’s what the box says, then hung up on us. “I honestly don’t care what the box says I ordered 15 so I expect 15.” The post was met with a lot of backlash online, as people left a number of jibes following the post going viral. Speaking to KentOnline, Mujeeb Hootek, who has worked at the North Lane takeaway for six years, defended his business.  READ MORE: Armed police storm London high street after major incident He said: "We've never had any issues like this and we do between 150 and 200 deliveries a day. “Nobody ever complains. "When you cook, the pizza size shrinks - that happens everywhere. It was made in a 15' pan. "It was stuffed crust as well, so that makes the width a little smaller too.  DON'T MISS:Prince William embraces Mike Tindall - 'provider of support & banter' [PICTURES]Post Office opening times ahead of Platinum Jubilee strikes [INSIGHT]Prince Harry 'draws strength' from 'pitch perfect' Meghan Markle [ANALYSIS]  "We offered a refund, which they took, and we apologised. We also offered them to come in and see our pans and how we work. "They'd see that we do not have a '13 pan. "We have seven, 10, 12, 15 and 18 inch - we do not sell 13 inch pizzas. It's horrible to see the post and have a complaint as we do our best to make every customer happy. "I don't understand it as the customer has used us before. We've never had any issues." 