In 2020, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry gave up their roles as working members of the Royal Family when they moved their family stateside. It has recently been reported that the couple's popularity is "plummeting" at an alarming rate in her home country of the the United States. Speaking on a latest episode on his YouTube channel, royal expert Neil Sean dicussed the couple and how their "victimhood" ways could led to royal fans to turn on them even further. Mr Sean said: "The problem for Harry and Meghan is simply this, and I've said this many times on the show, it's going to be very difficult with their messaging. "Their messaging is woke and poor me and victimhood." He added: "What people want in these difficult times, particularly in the living crisis times, is [to] make sure that we see some glamour, be happy, smile, and make us feel a little bit better about our lives. "If Meghan and Harry think this is the, sort of, end of it, well it's going to get worse, I'm afraid, because with Catherine and William making a big trip stateside later in the year. READ MORE: Kate was 'influence' behind Prince William and Prince Charles's growing bond "They [William and Kate] can at least be rest assured of a very warm welcome when they finally hit the United States." The Cambridges vsiit will prove one thing, sadly, for the Sussexes, their popularity could even further dent forward." In March 2021, the Sussexes sat down for a "tell-all" inteview with US talk-show host Oprah Winfrey. This interview caused widespread controversy as the couple made some allegations against the Royal Family. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Peacemaker' Kate extends olive branch to Harry in 'frantic' phone call In the interview, Meghan alleged there were “concerns and conversations” from within the Royal Family regarding the skin tone of their son Archie, ahead of his birth in 2019. The Duchess also said that she had suffered with her mental health, including having suicidal thoughts, since joining the Royal Family. She claimed that despite reaching out regarding this, she was denied treatment and help. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan stuck in 'stalemate' with royals [INSIGHT]Meghan's comments on Kate 'really damaging' for Harry and William [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry 'thinking of relinquishing title' - claim [VIDEO] Nile Gardiner, a Washington-based foreign policy expert and Royal Family enthusiast, told Express.co.uk: "The popularity of Meghan and Harry in the US has declined significantly over the course of the year, and that will continue to decline. "The image of Meghan is plummeting in the US as it is in the UK. "The Queen is hugely admired in the US, as is Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge. "Meghan's image is significantly falling in the US." READ NEXT: