Now that the vote is over and Boris has won, the party at Westminster has a straight choice: go on being divided and rebellious and publicly critical of the Prime Minister and then lose the next election or get behind him, however reluctantly, and spend the next two years looking like a cohesive and determined force ready to win. It is not even as if there were any great cause or any great banner being waved as there was when the Brexiteers finally got rid of the vacillating, deluded Theresa May. The motives were many and varied. Some MPs, new to Parliament and still wet behind the ears, are prone to panic when the polls are bad and things go wrong. Many of them are only there at all because of Boris but they seriously believe that they can save their seats by ousting him. We have seen it all before, dears. The polls mid-term do not necessarily indicate the result of a general election and there have been many examples of dire polls followed by election wins. What makes winning well nigh impossible is for a general election to be preceded by along period of internecine warfare. Then there are the remoaners such as Tobias Ellwood who seriously postulated at the weekend that if a remainer succeeded Boris we could rejoin the single market. It is incomprehensible that Brexiteers such as Andrew Bridgen would vote to get rid of Boris without any guarantee that he would not be succeeded by a pro-EU PM. But they did. According to the Office of National Statistics the number of care home has fallen by about cent - some estimates one in five care home empty. Given the way residents were treated the pandemic, being any visitors, can anyone really be surprised? Then there are what John Major once described as "the dispossessed and the never possessed" ie MPs who lost office under Boris or never attained it. And so it goes on. I give daily thanks that I am no longer there.  Prince Louis stole the show on the balcony with his antics and faces and I was as charmed as any, but I was not one of those who said "aww" when I saw the photographs of him thumbing his nose at his mother and clamping a hand across her mouth. Had he been an ordinary child on a bus doing that, the reaction of other passengers would have been clucks of disapproval, not murmurs of endearment. Sorry, Kate, I am a massive fan of yours, but Louis, above, must learn what lines he should not cross for the sake of his teachers and anyone else who will otherwise struggle to control him. There is an enormous difference between being amusing and being plain rude. When people bemoan the leniency of sentences it is often a knee-jerk reaction but there were two cases last week which really do seem odd. The first was that of Kurt Zouma and his brother for kicking and slapping a helpless cat. Zouma was banned from keeping a cat for five years. I would have made it at least 10 if not until he is too old and feeble to kick anything. The costs and fines will barely cause a tremor on the Richter scale of his wealth. Perhaps his community service should be in a cats' home. In the second case, a man with thousands of Category A images of child abuse was spared jail because he is transgender and afraid of prison. What about the kids in the pictures? I expect they were pretty afraid too but he doesn't appear to have cared about that.  I am aware this won't go down a bundle with the Palace but I am inclined to think Her Majesty should have made it along the aisle of St Paul's in a wheelchair or a mobility scooter or even a golf buggy. t would have enabled her to be present and would have cheered many a wheelchairdependent sufferer. There is nothing undignified about that.  Congratulations to all who organised that spectacular jubilee. From a corgi and a handbag in the sky, to marmalade sandwiches with Paddington, to that zany but expertly choreographed pageant, to the dignity of St Paul's Cathedral and to the perfect formation flying of the Red Arrows, it was the very best of British. Well done, also, to the BBC for dignified, quiet and informative commentary which was a big relief after the fiasco of the coverage of the river pageant during the diamond jubilee. Above all, thank you, Your Majesty, for being on the balcony when you would probably rather have been lying down. It is that spirit which we all love and admire and causes us to cry "God save the Queen". The courts are reportedly clogged up with some 4,000 cases of breaching coronavirus regulations, many of them minor such as going outside or meeting someone outside a bubble. Meanwhile cases of rape are taking up to four years to get to court, and burglaries two years. It is time for an amnesty and also for common sense. A fixed penalty notice does not result in a criminal record so those affected should hold their noses and stop appealing. 