Kate Middleton chose a crisp white suit for today’s public appearance, and it was a very similar look to the one Meghan Markle chose for the Invictus Games earlier this year. Today, though, Duchess of Cambridge accessorised her outfit with a beautiful pair of handmade earrings. Her suit is believed to be by Alexander McQueen and is a re-wear from earlier this year. When in Jamacia, Kate wore the jacket with matching cigarette trousers and an orange blouse. The jacket is said to be worth £1,370. Then, when she departed Belize, the Duchess opted for wide leg white trousers by the same designer and a belted vintage jacket in burnt orange. These trousers are priced at £590 and are made of a soft crepe material. READ MORE: Princess Michael of Kent to retire - a look back at her wedding tiara Today, it is thought she has paired the jacket with wide leg trouser, and opted for a plain white tank top underneath. To accessorise, Kate chose a pair of white heels - likely to be either the Jimmy Choo Romy 85 or Gianvito Rossi 105 white leather heels - both from her wardrobe. Her handbag is the white Mulberry bag which most recently wore leaving Belize, and debuted at Wimbledon in 2021. The Amberley Small Leather Cross-body Bag retails at £675. DON'T MISS...Queen’s go-to takeaway she enjoys when in Balmoral [FOOD]Easy and fun exercise to burn belly fat ‘It’s really enjoyable!’ [EXEPRT]How to get thicker hair in four steps - ‘Unbelievable results!’ [BEAUTY] It features “Mulberry’s signature Rider’s Lock closure” and is “made from a soft cow leather with a small printed grain effect”. “This versatile flap front bag has a removable top handle and chain strap,” the product description reads. The Duchess’ earrings were the statement piece of the outfit; they are the Florence earrings by Chalk Jewelry. They are currently sold out, but are described as an “Ornate obsession overload”. The website description for the earrings reads: “The Florence Earrings are inspired by the auditorium ceiling of the Royal Opera House in Central London. “A beautiful neutral pair with gold, bronze and regency green tones.” They are handmade in London, by architect Malaika Carr who enjoys creating unusual, geometric, jewellery with materials sourced from small UK based shops. Royal fans took to social media to comment on Kate’s outfit. One said: “The Duchess of Cambridge is looking effortlessly chic and gorgeous in a white pant suit today, as she met young people in Brixton.” Another added: “Katen is totally gorgeous today in the unveiling of the National Windrush Monument at Waterloo Station in London.” “Kate  today or how to be  perfect in a white suit!!!” A third suggested.