Chris Evans, 56, recalled his final interview with cricket legend Shane Warne shortly before his death aged 52. Speaking on his Virgin Radio breakfast show today Chris quizzed his guests - Hugh Bonneville, Matthew Goode and Jack Savoretti - about when they realised they had made it big. Downton Abbey star Matthew exclaimed: “Playing golf with Shane Warne up in St Andrews, that was a hell of a day. Oh, what a man.”Chris replied: “Ah Warney, much missed straight off the bat.“It’s so funny because he was on this show three or four weeks before he passed talking about his brilliant documentary, did you see it?“It was awesome, I thought I knew him! There’s so much more to Shane Warne than I ever imagined.” READ MORE:BBC Breakfast's Carol Kirkwood bids farewell to 'emotional' colleague Matthew then added: “He was the funniest, kindest, very laddy, and just exactly how he was on the television.“I mean, I barely knew him because it was all about the Dunhill Links, and just, he would never let you down.“He was naughty and terribly funny.”Presenter Chris went on: “And also, cricket was his third sport! Football was his first sport, tennis was his second, and then at 19 he thought, ‘I’ll give cricket a go’. “Thank god he did!”Shane appeared on Chris’ Virgin Radio breakfast back in January to discuss his self-titled documentary.During the interview, Shane explained that documentary makers had spent hours interviewing his friends, children, and even his ex-wife, Simone Callahan, 52.Speaking to Chris, the cricketer teased the film would contain “a lot of unseen footage” and said: “You hear my children take the mickey out of me and my parents, who have never really spoken. DON'T MISSDame Deborah James' fearless efforts as she plans out final days[LATEST]Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak[INSIGHT]Monty Don in woeful farewell before Gardeners' World is pulled off air[NEWS] “So yeah, you get some good insight from some close friends, some teammates, and I am brutally honest about the ups and downs of being in the public eye for 30-odd years.”  Shane’s death was confirmed in March after he had a heart attack while on holiday in Thailand.A state memorial took place later that month at Melbourne Cricket Ground and was attended by more than 50,000 people. It was attended by A-listers including Kylie and Dannii Minogue and Hugh Jackman.There were also virtual performances from Elton John, Ed Sheeran, Robbie Williams and Coldplay’s Chris Martin. 