Earlier today, the financial institution’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) shared its plan to raise interest rates in a bid to mitigate the impact of inflation. As a result of the Bank of England’s, the country’s base rate has gone up from one percent to 1.25 percent. This intervention will hopefully benefit Britons who are currently struggling to boost their savings in the wake of the cost of living crisis. Currently, inflation in the UK stands at nine percent with experts believing it will hit ten percent in the coming months. Furthermore, households are experiencing an annual energy bill hike of £693 which the price cap expected to reach £2,800 by October. Those hoping to save money have had to prioritise spending their hard-earned cash on paying off bills instead of putting it away for a rainy day. Today’s base rate is yet another intervention in the battle to address the growing issue of inflation. During the MPC meeting today, the group voted by a majority of 6-3 to raise the base rate by 0.25 percentage points. Committee members in the minority said they preferred to hike interest rates by 0.5 percentage points to 1.5 percent. This suggests that a third of the Bank of England’s MPC were in favour of taking more drastic action against the pressures of inflation. Under the bank’s financial forecasts in May, CPI inflation was expected to average slightly over 10 percent at its peak in the fourth quarter of 2022. READ MORE: 'I didn't eat for a week!' Mum of three devastated after losing £4,000 in bank scam However, the Bank of England is not the only national bank to make the difficult decision to raise interest rates to combat inflation. Similar decisions have been made across the pond as the United States’ Federal Reserve also increased interest rates by 77bps. This is the largest hike by the bank since 1994 and the institution sees interest rates at 3.4 percent by the end of 2022. In the UK, previous increases to the base rate have received criticism as high-street banks and building societies have failed to pass them on to their customers. On how savings accounts will be impacted, Martin Brown, a managing partner at Continuum, said: “Whilst we have seen several rises to the base rate since December, today’s rise of a further 0.25 percent to 1.25 percent, could have a quick and strong impact on savers, pensioners and home buyers. Cash savers could be forgiven for thinking that their money will likely see better returns following today’s announcement. “However, unless banks start to offer interest rates matching the high levels of inflation being felt across the country, they could still be losing money in real terms. Therefore, cash savers may find they would be better off considering putting their money into an investment, such as a stocks and shares ISA account.” Alice Haine, a personal finance analyst at Bestinvest, shared why she believes this most recent hike is a “good thing” for savings accounts. “For cash savers, an interest rate rise is always a good thing, as they can secure higher rates on their savings pots – that is of course if they have spare cash to save in the first place. “With inflation at nine percent and set to go higher, and UK food prices set to surge 15 percent this summer as the cost-of-living deepens, saving is becoming a luxury afforded by the few. “Even those wanting to cash in on rising saving rates may have to wait as banks and building societies can be notoriously slow as passing on the uplift. “However, saving rates have been creeping up to the highest levels seen in a decade, with some accounts now offering up to 1.56 percent for easy access accounts and up to three percent for fixed.” Rachel Springall, a personal finance expert at MoneyFacts.co.uk, highlighted why this has led to savers having to “rethink their loyalty” when it comes to which banks they open a savings account with. Ms Springall said: “The back-to-back Bank of England base rate rises are positive for the savings market, but it is the challenger banks and mutuals who are fuelling the top rate tables with competition. “As it stands, many of the biggest high-street banks have passed on very little to their easy access customers, so savers may need to rethink their loyalty and look elsewhere for a better return on their hard-earned cash. “Keeping on top of the latest changes in the market is wise, especially as rate increases are prevalent as savings providers jostle market position.”  Louise Coles, the senior director for Banking in the UK and Ireland at Diebold Nixdorf, outlined how banks will need to improve their services to accommodate economic changes, such as the recent rate hike. Ms Coles explained: “There is little doubt that tough times are ahead, and the combination of rising inflation, interest rates and other global economic influences will impact customers and consumers. “In this uniquely challenging environment, household finances will be squeezed and budgeting behaviours and payments choices will need to adapt accordingly. “There will likely be a focus on banking channels, for instance in branch or mobile banking, and how products and services can support customers as they navigate through this the best they can.” However, the financial expert noted that this recent continuous interest rate rises by the Bank of England comes amid drastic changes to banking which could affect savers. She added: “For many, the pressures of interest rate rises and inflation are being felt for the first time. At nine percent, UK inflation is at a 40-year high, the highest in the G7. “This is also the first sustained interest rate rise environment since the acceleration of digitalisation of products and services, posing new difficulties to those in society who are underbanked or less accustomed to new technologies. “Digital generations are seeing economic challenges through a new lens and many customers will need support through the coming months of uncertainty.”