The Leopard 2A4 tank was originally developed by Krauss-Maffei in the 1970s for the West German army. The tank is primed with advanced digital fire control systems with laser rangefinders. It also has a fully stabilised main gun and machine gun, and advanced night vision and sighting equipment.   The Visegrád 24 Twitter news outlet tweeted: "Germany has blocked Spain’s plans on sending dozens of Leopard 2A4 tanks to Ukraine. "According to Der Spiegel, the Scholz government warned Spain that it would constitute a departure from an alleged informal decision by the West not to provide Western tanks to Ukraine." The territorial tussle in Eurasia continued with Lithuanian MP Matas Maldeikis firing a broadside at Moscow after the Russian parliament questioned the independence of Lithuania. He said: "If Russia revokes her 1991 recognition of Lithuania's independence, Lithuania will revoke the 1634 Treaty of Polyanovka.   "Lithuania will then demand for Russia to returns all occupied territories to the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. Smolensk is Lithuania!" A member of Russia's State Duma has submitted a bill to the country's parliament to repeal the recognition by the USSR of Lithuania's independence on Wednesday. The member of the Russian parliament said such a move could allow Russia to push NATO out of nations that joined after 1999. The bill was submitted by Yevgeny Fyodorov, a deputy of the State Duma and a member of Russian President Vladimir Putin's United Russia party. DON'T MISS: Starmer mocked by Tory MP over 'woeful' election performance [REACTION] Public think MP Neil Parish's porn watching should be criminal offence [POLL] Tories lose support in some Leave-voting heartlands [INSIGHT]  The news comes after reports of the deaths of 24 more children in the southern Ukrainian city of Mariupol. In total, the office said at least 287 children have died since the start of the Russian invasion of Ukraine on February 24. There have now been more than 492 children wounded in the embattled southern city. Ukrainian officials said on the Telegram messaging app: "During the recording of criminal offences, it has become known that 24 more children died in Mariupol, Donetsk region. "This was as a result of the indiscriminate shelling by the Russian military," It has also been reported that a Briton called Shaun Pinner was captured in Mariupol. The British man was captured alongside fellow UK citizen Aiden Aslin during the intense fight for control of the city on the Black Sea. 