The change will affect both new and existing customers and will come into force automatically. This follows the Bank of England base rate increase to 1.00 percent in May. The savings rate increase - which came into effect on Wednesday June 1 - comes after the Bank of England base rate increase to 1.00 percent in May 2022. It now offers a best-buy rate for customers looking to maximise the return on their savings with an easy access account. Hugh Chater, chief commercial officer at Virgin Money, said: “Following the Bank of England’s recent base rate increases, our new market-leading rate gives consumers more reasons to bank with Virgin Money. "As well as rewarding customers with Virgin Points, this boost to our linked savings rates means we can offer both new and existing customers even better value for their savings.” READ MORE: Attendance Allowance: How much will you get via cost of living payment The Virgin Money M Plus Account, the Virgin Money Club M Account and the Virgin Money M Account automatically come with a linked savings account, making it easy for customers to manage their money and transfer savings to and from their current account. Current account customers also benefit from 2.02 percent variable on balances up to £1,000, as well as cashback. For balances above £25,000 the rate is 0.75 percent. Rachel Springall from Moneyfacts welcomed the move, saying it's good news for everyone. DON'T MISS State pensioners may get extra £92 per week for hearing loss [UPDATE]Woman shares way pensioners can make hundreds of pounds extra monthly [INSIGHT]State pension may hit £10,600 yet old state pension will pay just £8k [ALERT] Ms Springall said: "Virgin Money current account holders may be pleased to see they are now getting a market-leading savings account for their loyalty. "Both existing customers or those that open an account today will be eligible which is positive to see. “It’s great to see a savings provider improving its interest rate for savers who may prefer to keep their cash in a flexible account and at 1.56 percent, the deal will no doubt be attractive to new customers who are prepared to open one of the current accounts to be eligible for this offer. “Savings rates are on the rise, so it is hoped in the weeks to come that competition will continue.” Meanwhile, saving as a proportion of household resources hit a record 23.9 percent during the first lockdown between April and June 2020. Three quarters of this extra saving (£140 billion) was due to people not having the chance to spend the money an ONS survey found. Sarah Coles, senior personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown explained: "Most people weren’t dutifully squirrelling money away to protect themselves and build their financial resilience during lockdowns – it was largely an accident. "However, that doesn’t mean we’re in a hurry to throw it all away."   The money expert added however that since the cost of living crisis, people have not been able to keep hold of all their savings. She said: "Unfortunately, this doesn’t mean we’ll continue to hang onto this cash, and protect our financial resilience. "When we asked people where the money had gone, just over one in four people (26 percent) said they spent at least some of the money on everyday costs like paying bills. "It has been incredibly useful to have a cash cushion as prices have started to rise, but the risk is that if they haven’t been able to cut their costs at the same time, people will be spending their way through their savings. "When this runs dry, they’ll still fall short at the end of each month, and they’ll have eroded their financial resilience in the interim.”