Speaking on Russian state TV, Henry Sardaryan, a political analyst, decried the “mediocre leaders” running Europe as he compared them to the “professional preparedness” of Putin.  Sardaryan claimed Mr Macron had to take “sedatives” before speaking to the Russian leader because it was such a “difficult test for him”. Russian host Vladimir Dolodyov then claimed Putin “didn’t always pick up the phone” when Mr Macron called because it was not necessary.    Sardaryan: “There are no true leaders in Europe. It is very hard to argue against that. “Just compare our commander-in-chief up against any EU leader in terms of experience, responsibility, the magnitude, the ideology or professional preparedness. “We’re dealing with such mediocre leaders. 40 years ago, if Prime Ministers of European countries found out who headed their countries, they would have died before their time, and all of them would have had heart attacks. “I’ve recently read that President of France Emmanuel Macron counted how many hours he spent talking to Vladimir Putin on the phone.    “Before each call, he put out these photographs in which he suffers so badly that I worry about him. “In every picture, he’s holding his head, he’s holding his heart or taking sedatives. “I don’t know what’s going on with him. Every phone call is a difficult test for him, he pours all of himself into it.” State TV host Vladimir Solodyov said: “Mr Macron has been calling very often but fortunately, Putin didn’t always pick up the phone. “So, he’s taking meds worrying whether [Putin] will pick up. There’s now a term called ‘Macroning’, which means to call many times for no reason.” READ MORE: Macron shut down by Ukraine as French President defends Putin's pride [REVEAL]   Mr Macron has come under fire of late for saying that Russia must not be “humiliated” over their invasion. The French President, looking for a means of retaining diplomatic relations with Russia and the West beyond the war in Ukraine, claims to have spent more than 100 hours speaking to Putin. He said over the weekend: “We must not humiliate Russia so that the day the fighting stops, we can build a way out through diplomatic channels.” He added that the role of France was to be that of “a mediating power”, saying he had put “time and energy” into ensuring the conflict did not escalate into a larger war with Europe. DON'T MISS: ‘Conceding territory’ won’t stop Putin war, Ukraine's First Lady warns [REVEAL]Russian ambassador storms out of UN session as Kremlin denounced [REPORT]UK defies Putin threats to send Ukraine latest rocket artillery [REVEAL]   He said: “I have lost count of the conversations I have had with Vladimir Putin since December.” In reference to Putin’s isolation from the West, he added: “Isolating oneself is one thing, but being able to get out of it is a difficult path.” It has been reported that one phone call with Putin at the end of last month, which was joined by German chancellor Olaf Scholz, went on for 80 minutes. However, Mr Macron has denied accusations that he is willing to allow Russia parts of Ukraine to achieve peace, saying that any deal must show “due respect for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine”.   