Over the years we have adopted a sort of fear of full-fat foods but experts suggest it might be more beneficial to keep them in a diet to aid weight loss. But why does replacing these products with a low-fat options create adverse effects? Expert nutritionist Tabitha Roth, revealed swapping the variations is a very common mistake made by dieters. And when it comes to enjoying the summer months, she encouraged people wanting to lose weight or maintain their weight to stick to the full-fat choice as it's more likely the "better option". Speaking to Wallpaper, she explained: "A common mistake is replacing full-fat products with low-fat products. "Low-fat products tend to be less flavourful, so often have higher levels of sugar to improve their taste. "But without having the protective fat content for stabilising our blood sugar, this may lead to weight gain." She added: "Full-fat leaves us feeling fuller longer and, if it has fewer added sugars, is usually the better option." Low-fat foods often include high carbohydrates and registered dietitian Courtney Schuchmann, noted that eating low-fat, high-carb foods can increase a person's triglycerides (type of fat found in the blood). "[This] is no better than eating a high-fat diet," she wrote for UChicago Medicine. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "Whether you choose a low-fat, high-fat, vegan or vegetarian diet, it’s important to get enough protein. "Without enough protein, you may feel hungry more frequently. "That can be counterproductive for weight loss if it results in increased snacking." She also noted that low-fat diets for weight loss "aren't supported as much anymore". "What we’ve seen in the research is that a high-fat diet can help people feel less hungry, and may be beneficial for heart health," she explained. "With a high-fat, low-carb diet, you normally see a decrease in triglycerides, lower blood pressure and weight loss – all linked to better heart health." She went on to say that a person wanting to lose weight should focus on their daily calorie intake. "Whether you’re following a low-fat or a high-fat diet, if you’re in calorie excess, it’s still going to contribute to weight gain," she said. "Try to choose a diet rich in plant-based foods (fruits, vegetables, legumes), fibre-rich carbohydrates, healthy fats and lean proteins to provide a balanced diet that promotes weight loss."