Shadow health secretary Wes Streeting took to Twitter to mock Boris Johnson for not appearing at the conference of Northern Tory MPs in Doncaster and snubbing the event. He said: "Absent leadership pretty much sums up this Government’s approach to the country’s problems." But moments later, Conservative Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng Tweet a picture back to the hapless Streeting of Mr Johnson standing with President Zelensky on his second trip to Ukraine. The gaffe by the shadow health secretary is his second in a week after he came out in support of strike members of the RMT union who are bringing Britain’s trains to a halt next week. The reaction to his support for the militant trade union extremists was widely condemned and led to questions about his ambitions to replace Sir Keir should the Labour leader be forced to resign. It is understood that in private Mr Streeting apologised to his shadow cabinet colleagues for his words which embarrassed the Labour leadership. On his Tweet attacking the Prime Minister, a Conservative source said: "This is deeply embarrassing for Wesley who has shown a total lack of guts in his refusal to condemn next week's rail strikes. He should delete the tweet and apologise." Mr Streeting is currently second favourite with the bookies to take over from Starme and the leading candidate who is an MP. Only Manchester Mayor Andy Burnham is ahead of him in the odds. He was identified as Starmer’s successor by pro-EU Rejoiners in Westminster and the media after the Labour leader’s future came into doubt following Durham Police reopening the investigation into Beergate on April 30 last year. Sir Keir has said he will resign if fined for the event where more than £200 of curry was consumed and washed down with beer. READ MORE: Urgent appeal as thousands of pensioners missing major benefit Labour misled people about the event first claiming that deputy leader Angela Rayner was not present when she was and then suggesting it was a spur of a moment event when later a memo revealed it was planned. Starmer also claimed only six people were present later changing that to 15 and hen 20 people received questionnaires from the police. A decision is expected shortly and rivals to replace the Labour leader, including Mr Streeting, are positioning themselves for a run at the top job. Labour MPs have also made it clear in recent days hat they think Starmer is too "boring" to win an election and want a fresh face. DON'T MISS World biggest hedge fund makes £5.9bn bet against Europe [REVEAL] Britain NEVER voted for do-as-you-are-told orders barked from Brussels [INSIGHT] Have Your Say: What do you want to see Boris do to make Brexit work? [REACT]