Daniel Craig's tenure as James Bond was brought to an end last year following the release of No Time To Die. After five films and 15 years in the role, he decided it was time to move on. The official announcement of the next Bond will likely be coming in the next year, but until then, the ever-changing Bond odds have been the best way to figure out who might become 007 next. Regé-Jean Page has been at the top of the list for some time, but he has now slipped back into second place. Page's popularity skyrocketed after the release of Bridgerton's first season, Netflix's period drama. Since then, he has been pegged as one of the best contenders. But he didn't think he had a real shot. In various interviews, he has explained how, despite being flattered by the notion, he thought it was more of a "merit badge" than a real chance. He has now dropped into second place with incredibly strong 7/2 odds on claiming the role. But Ladbrokes have today announced he has now lost his lead to a Superman actor. Henry Cavill, who is best known for playing Clark Kent in the DC Comics film series, is the new Next James Bond favourite. The 39-year-old actor has powerful 3/1 odds on becoming the next tuxedo-clad super spy. Ladbrokes' Alex Apati said: "He'd be a perfect fit for the role and with Bond chiefs always on the lookout, it seems like the long-time frontrunner may well be the best man for the job." He added: "A not so subtle reference to 007 in his latest video has led to a flurry of bets on Henry Cavill replacing Daniel Craig." The video in question comes from Cavill's sponsor, No 1 Botanical Water. READ MORE: Next James Bond: Sam Heughan wants to play 007 despite failed audition The soft drink company showed Cavill walking down Savile Row and glancing at an Aston Martin. His voiceover teased a "temptation" before deciding to keep walking. It seems as if this subtle nod towards the role of a lifetime has proven he still wants to get involved with the Broccoli family after losing out so many years ago. Cavill previously auditioned for the James Bond role back in 2005 - but it did not go well. DON'T MISS...Sean Connery's wife was 'furious' with star over life-threatening film [NEWS]Next James Bond: Sam Heughan wants to play 007 despite failed audition [INFO]Sean Connery went on strike in A Bridge Too Far [INSIGHT] Cavill went up against Craig for the role of 007 in Casino Royale, but once he got to meet the movie's director, Martin Campbell, things changed. The actor, who is now known for playing Geralt of Rivia in The Witcher, was told he was looking a "little chubby". He later confessed he "didn't know how to diet or train" properly. He subsequently lost the role to Craig - and the rest is history. So then, this comeback in the odds could be his best chance of reclaiming the role after losing it once. But he isn't alone in the battle for Bond. Cavill has first place in the odds, Page sits in second place, but third place is a Marvel actor. Chiwetel Ejiofor, who is best known for playing Karl Mordo in the Doctor Strange series, is in third place with a staggering 6/1. The actor is neck-and-neck with fan-favourite Tom Hardy, who also has 6/1. The James Bond films are available to watch on Amazon Prime Video now.