According to easyJet, over 30 percent of Britons are planning to holiday in Spain this year. But where can Britons find the best value holidays? READ MORE: Thousands of holidaymakers stuck overseas after flights cancelled According to data from the holiday home search engine, Holidu, the Canary Islands are the cheapest destination in Spain this summer. The beautiful islands offer tourists stunning beaches, dramatic volcanic landscapes and buzzing nightlife. Gran Canaria and Tenerife are two of the most popular islands while tourists who want to escape the crowds could opt for a smaller island like El Hierro. The average temperature in the Canary Islands in summer is around 25 degrees, perfect beach weather. The Costa de Almeria was the second cheapest destination and sits between the Sierra Nevada mountains and the Mediterranean sea. TUI currently has holidays available during the summer school holidays for £747 for seven nights bed and breakfast with flights from London. Temperatures can reach over 40 degrees on the Costa in summer and it has many stunning unspoilt beaches. The Costa de Galicia was the third cheapest option for a Spanish holiday. Situated in the far north west of Spain, the region has one of Spain’s most beautiful coastlines. Sun-seeking Britons may want to look elsewhere as Galicia isn’t known for soaring summer temperatures. Rain is fairly common during summer and as the region borders the Atlantic coast, the water isn’t warm. However, the region has many incredible Blue Flag beaches, many of which are completely secluded. The most expensive destination in Spain was the Balearic islands, which includes Majorca and Menorca. The exclusive islands come with a heavy price tag although tourists may be able to find deals if they opt to holiday inland. Unsurprisingly, Catalonia was the second most expensive spot to holiday in Spain due to Barcelona’s popularity. Cruise holidaymakers will need to pay an additional fee to visit Barcelona soon as the city plans to tax cruise ships. Although the tax amount has yet to be announced, the city plans to crack down on the number of mega cruise ships at its port.