Juice became depressed as he spent 10 months at Montgomery County Animal Services and Adoption Center in Maryland in the US. The pooch was finally picked after months of patiently waiting but was returned by the adopters just days later. A spokesperson for the shelter said: "For a long time, Juice was the example we used as a dog who could manage the stress of shelter life without getting depressed. "But in the past month that changed - he started to lose his confidence. "Then he was adopted and we jumped for joy. "But it wasn’t the right match, and after a couple of days he was back in his kennel, more stressed than ever. "Staff started to notice him crying, panting, and pacing more often. "One of our staff took him home for a sleepover to give him a break from the shelter and try to help him relax. "But when she brought him back in the morning and put him back in the kennel, he started crying and didn’t stop all day. "Living in a shelter is not a life, and we’re afraid that Juice is beginning to lose himself." The kennels shared a special appeal on Facebook in a desperate bid to finally find Juice a forever home. They said: "This is a story about Juice: a cuddly, loving, giant-headed goofball who has been at the shelter for almost 10 months. READ MORE: Rescue dog who ‘dreams of finding home’ marks one year in kennels "And Juice really, really needs your help. "He needs a home where he can be himself and regain the confidence and trust that he has lost. "He needs a family who will give him time and patience. "We know that he’ll repay that kindness with incredible loyalty and endless snuggles. "Please, don’t let Juice cry in his kennel anymore. Help us find him a home." DON'T MISSHeartbreak for dog 'back at square one' after 2 homes fall throughRescue dog overlooked as adopters put off by age and health issuesRescue dog who was kept in locked bedroom receives no applications The shelter was inundated with applications from across America and Juice has now settled into his loving new home in a happy ending for the pooch. The spokesperson added: "Thank you all for your shares and prayers for Juice. "We have received hundreds of calls, emails, and messages from folks all over the country and the world about our boy. "He was adopted a few days later by an amazing couple who decided to add Juice to their family. "Now, almost four months later, here he is living the good life. He's lost some of his extra weight, loves his Hulk t-shirt, and will be learning to do weight pulls (doggie sports)." Pictures show the incredible transformation of Juice from a sad dog to living his best life with his adopters.