After countless legal rows with the UK Home Office about security, Prince Harry and Meghan have returned to the UK to celebrate the Jubilee with the Queen following promises from the Metropolitan Police that the family would be safe during their visit. After stepping down as senior members of the Royal Family, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex lost the tax-paid for security, as well as other privileges that come with being a working royal. In view of this, many might be wondering whether Harry and Meghan will appear with the Queen today. As the much-anticipated four-day Platinum Jubilee weekend is finally upon us, celebrations will kick off with the Queen’s annual birthday parade, Trooping the Colour. Starting from 10am today, the event will see the colour be trooped by the first Battalion and the Irish Guards, and more than 1,200 officers and soldiers from the Household Division will put on a display of military pageantry on Horse Guards Parade, with hundreds of Army musicians and around 240 horses. When the parade ends, the King Troop will fire a gun salute and the Queen will lead the Royal Family onto Buckingham Palace balcony to view the Royal Airforce flypast. This would typically be the time you’d first see the whole Royal Family standing together on the famous frontage, however, this year, the line-up today will be different from previous years. READ MORE: RAF flypast: All the key timings for Trooping the Colour today  There are said to be 18 members of the Royal Family gathering on the balcony - but only those of the working Royals. This means Prince Andrew, Prince Harry, and Meghan Markle will not be joining the Queen and her family on the frontage but according to ITV News, Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall, Prince William and Kate, the Earl and Countess of Wessex, Princess Anne, the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, the Duke of Kent, Princess Alexandra, and Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence, should be. A Buckingham Palace source is reported to have said the Queen’s decision to only include the Royals carrying out official public duties was taken “after careful consideration”.  The Palace announced last minute that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be viewing the parade from a prime vantage point with members of the monarchy from the Duke of Wellington’s former office, and as mentioned, they will not be continuing on to the balcony with the rest of the Royals. However, the Sussexes' attendance is anticipated at the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday. It’s also believed the Queen is expected to see Harry and Meghan on Saturday, in which Her Majesty will meet the Sussex’s daughter, Lilibet, for the first time. Saturday marks Lilibet’s first birthday, and celebrations are due to take place at Frogmore Cottage in Windsor, where the Royal couple will be staying. DON'T MISS:Red Arrows MAP: What time will flypast be over YOUR area in UK? [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle and Harry tipped to attend lunch with Queen and royals [INSIGHT]Lilibet and Archie may 'hold a route back' into royal fold for Harry [EXPLAINED]    Princess Eugenie and her family are said to have vacated the property ahead of Harry and Meghan’s arrival; as this is where they’ll be staying throughout the Jubilee celebrations. Prince Harry and Meghan have only been to the UK once since the birth of Lilibet on June 4, 2021, on a quick stopover before heading off to the Invictus Games; during which they did not bring the children. The Queen is said to have sent a car and security to pick Harry and Meghan up from Farnborough Airport in Hampshire, as the Queen believed “it was the right thing to do.”  A previous statement released by Prince Harry's legal spokesperson addressed the Sussexes' safety in the UK, which read: “The UK will always be Prince Harry’s home and a country he wants his wife and children to be safe in. With the lack of police protection, comes too great a personal risk. “Prince Harry hopes that his petition — after close to two years of pleas for security in the UK — will resolve this situation.” 