The UK has been tipped to help make up for shortages in wheat production. This comes amid increasing fears of shortages around the world. Respected commentator Robert Kimbell revealed in a post on Twitter that “as wheat production in France declines due to drought and heatwaves… UK wheat production and fertilisers adjustment [is expected to increase] this harvest”. This, he said, “could be a golden opportunity for British wheat exporters”. The opportunity was particularly strong, Mr Kimbell added, due to the fact “much of North Africa is reliant on French wheat”. France is the European Union’s biggest producer of grain. In the week up to May 30, it was estimated that around 67 percent of its soft wheat crop was in good or excellent condition. This was down from 69 percent the week before, according to FranceAgriMer. The rating fell by a total of more than 20 percentage points through May. This was down to drought exacerbated by a hot spell. READ MORE: Britons on the street debate UK’s involvement in Ukraine war This has been matched with a low rainfall since the start of the year. Jean-Charles Deswarte, agronomist at crop institute Arvalis, told Reuters that with shallow to medium soils, “very clearly the crops have already suffered and will not recover and yields will be very poor”. Meanwhile, the UK’s production capabilities are understood to be on the up. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] The Agriculture and Horticulture Development Board earlier this month predicted that the country’s 2022 wheat output will be up seven percent on last years crop. Overall production is set to reach 14.95Mt, up from 13.99. This figure is also 10 percent higher than the five-year average. Mr Kimbell suggested this could be used to help northern African countries which are typically dependant on France. Morocco, for example, is reported to be France’s main importer of wheat. The second largest is Algeria. While British producers can step in to help stabilise the market in its current situation, experts continue to predict that severe shortages will soon hit, with dire consequences for countries both rich and poor.