Royal commentator Richard Eden called for the Duke of York and the Duke of Sussex to be removed as Counsellors of State. Harry and Andrew hold the role, which means they can deputise for the Queen, along with Prince Charles and Prince William. Mr Eden's demand comes after reports the Duke of York wants his royal status "reinstated, recognised and respected". The Daily Mail's diary editor tweeted: "This sense of entitlement emphasises why #PrinceAndrew and his nephew #PrinceHarry should be stripped of their roles as two of the Queen’s four Counsellors of State without delay." The Queen's second son has reportedly asked the monarch for his HRH status to be returned along with his role as Colonel of the Grenadier Guards amid a push for a royal comeback. A source told the Telegraph: “The colonelcy of the Grenadier Guards was his most coveted title and he wants it back. "Having remained a Counsellor of State, he also believes he should be included at royal and state events. “Most importantly for him is his status as an HRH and ‘Prince of the Blood’ and he feels that should be reinstated and his position recognised and respected.” Andrew stepped back from public duties in 2019 amid the furore over his friendship with paedophile billionaire Jeffrey Epstein. He lost his HRH style and military titles earlier this year ahead of settling the civil sex assault case brought against him in the US by Virginia Giuffre. READ MORE: Meghan & Harry 'unlikely' to have left Netflix happy with Jubilee Andrew repeatedly and strenuously denied the allegations and the settlement was not an admission of guilt on his part. Despite being largely cut adrift from the Royal Family, the Duke remains a Counsellor of State. The role means he can carry out the Queen's duties if she is temporarily unable to due to illness or absence abroad. DON'T MISSQueen to miss ANOTHER event as she skips major service today [INSIGHT]Richard Madeley rages as Prince Andrew eyes return [VIDEO]Royal Family LIVE: William and Charles hold Queen showdown [LIVE BLOG] In that event, two or more Counsellors of State are appointed by Letters Patent to act in Her Majesty's place. The Duke of Sussex, who quit royal duties in 2020 for a new life of personal and financial freedom in the US with Meghan Markle, is also still a Counsellor of State. Harry, who lives in California, can technically continue in the position as he has kept his UK home Frogmore Cottage. But questions have been raised in recent months about the two Dukes retaining the roles. Camilla has been named as a potential replacement along with Princess Anne and Prince Edward. It comes as Charles and William were deployed as Counsellors of State to open Parliament last month as they stood in for the 96-year-old monarch. 