The Royal Family were out on Tuesday for the start of Royal Ascot, the high society event of the year, but the Queen was noticeably absent from the royal lineup. In her place, Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall led the royal procession, but carriages today (June 15) will include new additions Princess Beatrice and Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, who walked through the gates for the event on Tuesday. Today's carriage procession will lead with Charles and Camilla followed by Prince Edward and his wife Sophie, Countess of Wessex, and in the third carriage will be Princess Beatrice and Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. Neither Beatrice nor Edoardo are considered working royals, but Beatrice is 10th in the line of succession to the throne and she may serve as a Counsellor of State when her uncle Prince Charles is King. Beatrice's presence at Ascot yesterday caused quite a stir as she and Edoardo found themselves surrounded by photographers as they walked through the gates with other punters. The 33-year-old beamed for the cameras and joked to the surrounding press: "I'll be here all day."  READ MORE: Prince Andrew DEMANDS spotlight as William 'birthright' row deepens Beatrice was later spotted mingling with other royals in the parade ring, including her cousin Zara Tindall, before the races started. The Queen's granddaughter is famed for her fashion sense, and she wore a pretty pink and cream floral outfit for Tuesday's outing. Her clutch bag included the subtle addition of her initials B.Y. for Beatrice of York, and she topped off her outfit with an elegant pink headband. Beatrice has played a high-profile role in royal events recently, especially during the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations.  At Trooping the Colour Beatrice was spotted watching the spectacle from Horse Guard's Parade, and she also attended the Platinum Party at the Palace. As communities across the UK celebrated the Big Jubilee Lunch, Beatrice delighted royal fans with her down-to-earth comments while attending an event at Paddington Recreation Ground in London. The Princess introduced herself to one of the guests present as simply Beatrice and said "the Queen is my granny", adding that she was "very, very lucky" to count the monarch as a grandparent. Rumours have long abounded that Prince Andrew seeks a formal promotion for his daughters Beatrice and Princess Eugenie to working royal status, but for the time being Beatrice remains dedicated to her career away from the royal spotlight.  DON'T MISS:Princess Beatrice shows up for Queen TODAY [INSIGHT]Princess Beatrice carries out visit with close link to Edoardo [ANALYSIS]'I'm very, very lucky' Beatrice's relationship with Queen in pictures [PICTURES] Beatrice is Vice President of Partnerships and Strategy at software company Afiniti, while her husband Edoardo is a property developer. Beatrice and Edoardo are also parents to their daughter Sienna who was born last September and whose middle name of 'Elizabeth' was chosen in tribute to the Queen. Beatrice is also a stepmother to Edoardo's son Wolfie from a previous relationship. Edoardo and Beatrice married in a quiet lockdown wedding in 2020 attended by the Queen and the late Prince Philip. 