The cost of fuel is at record highs with drivers expected to shell out 183.16p for a litre of petrol and 188.82p for a litre of diesel. Some petrol stations across the UK have even been spotted selling petrol for over £2. With that in mind, motoring experts have come up with a “key trick” that motorists can use to save fuel and in turn money. The cost of filling up an average 55-liter family car climbed above £100 earlier this week. This is due to the petrol and diesel prices increasing by over seven pence in seven days. According to the latest RAC fuel watch, a litre of diesel will cost drivers 188.82p, while a litre of petrol 183.16p. With that in mind, motoring experts at the AA have urged drivers to “walk or cycle to save money”. READ MORE: Russia mocked over unveiling of sanction-busting Lada Granta This especially applies to short car journeys as they usually waste the most fuel. AA president Edmund King said: “This is the worst week of pump pain so far for drivers. “We would urge drivers at the moment to cut out shorter car journeys if they are able to do so and walk or cycle to save money. “Almost one-fifth of AA members are already doing this. DON'T MISS Driver road rages at elderly couple after they steal her parking space [SHOCKING] Best electric cars drivers should choose now to save money on fuel [REVEAL] Electric cars do cause pollution [INSIGHT] “But by changing your driving style you can also save up to 15 percent on fuel costs. “These crippling fuel costs are hitting home so drivers need to take all the steps they can to stay mobile.” RAC fuel spokesman Simon Williams has also urged the Government to do more as drivers struggle to pay their bills. He said: “More radical Government intervention is urgently needed, whether that’s in the form of a further reduction in fuel duty or a VAT cut. “As it is, drivers surely won’t be able to cope unless something is done to help. “This is fast becoming a national crisis for the country’s 32 million car drivers as well as countless businesses.” Mr Williams added: "While fuel prices have been setting new records on a daily basis, households up and down the country may never have expected to see the cost of filling an average-sized family car reach three figures. “March's 5p fuel duty cut now looks paltry as wholesale petrol costs have already increased by five-times that amount since March.” “It’s becoming clearer by the day that the Government must take further action to reduce the enormous financial burden on drivers.” The expert continued: "The Government needs to recognise that the 5p duty cut is a drop in the ocean and more needs to be done now to support drivers who are feeling the pain every time they go to fill up their cars. “It should also not be forgotten that as fuel prices continue to rise, so does the amount the Government makes in VAT. “The 5p the chancellor gave away in his duty cut in March has already been replaced by the 5p extra he is now making in extra VAT following the invasion of Ukraine just a month earlier. “A temporary cut in VAT on fuel, or a deeper duty cut, are surely what is needed now.”