No, Apple hasn’t just unleashed some brand new AirPods. These are Huawei’s latest in-ear music makers and they sound pretty impressive. The Chinese firm has joined forces with posh audio brand Devialet to release its new FreeBuds Pro 2 and they pack an impressive punch for a pretty reasonable price. Tucked inside these £170 buds is plenty of tech including full noise-cancelling which has now been improved thanks to three ANC microphones that block out all the sound around you. Sound quality is boosted via dual drivers that can produce a very wide audio range. That means you get booming bass while still being able to hear every word of the vocals. There’s also some clever auto-tuning which changes the sound depending on who is wearing them and Huawei says its new FreeBuds Pro 2 are certified with the HWA and Hi-Res Audio Wireless Certifications. That means users can listen to music at the highest quality. To make sure owners are getting the best experience, Huawei offers a fit test via its AI Life App which reveals if users have the perfect seal or if they need to switch to another rubber tip supplied in the box. This app also offers seamless connectivity between multiple devices and there are full controls to tweak the sound depending on your listening tastes. Other features include up to six hours of battery life (4.5 hours with ANC on) with things getting a refill via the puck-shaped charging case. They are also IP54 water splash resistance so should survive the worst of the British weather and there are full music controls via the stems which are even editable via the app. Simply taps and squeezes can pause the tunes, pump up the volume and skip tracks. You can even turn off the ANC via these gestures which is handy when waiting for your plane to be called at the airport. If you think you like the look of them then the new HUAWEI FreeBuds Pro 2 will go on sale next month and cost £169.99. They will be available in three colours including Silver Frost, Ceramic White as well as a new Silver Blue. One thing to remember before you hit the buy button is that Apple is fully expected to reboot its popular AirPods Pro later this year with these music makers likely to receive a new design, better sound and longer battery life. Rumours are rife that they could be shown to the world during the iPhone unveiling in September.