Although sunflowers can be sown as early as April, there is still time to plant flowers in time for summer blooms according to Catherine, a gardening expert who runs her own blog Growing Family. She said: "It’s not too late to grow sunflowers, and this is a great plant to get the kids involved with." Sunflowers are best suited to being planted outside once the risk of frost has passed, making June a prime time. Unlike seeds sown earlier in the year, which often need to spend some time indoors, June sunflowers can be planted straight out into the garden. Sunflowers planted out in June will likely flower between August and September, depending on the weather and growing conditions. According to Gardeners' World: "Depending on the variety, they can take 11 to 18 weeks to flower from seed sowing. "With that in mind, it’s a good idea to sow sunflower seed every couple of weeks, so you’ll have a constant supply of cheerful sunflowers throughout summer." READ MORE: Cleaning: Paint roller hack leaves windows ‘sparkling in minutes’ Sunflowers can be sown directly into the ground outside, as long as the space they are going is weed-free and has plenty of sunlight. The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) advises raking the soil to a "fine crumbly texture" and making some small holes around 12mm deep. When planting, be sure to leave a 10cm space between each seed. Place the seeds carefully into the gaps made for them and cover them with soil. DON'T MISSHow to clean gold - the only DIY method you should ever use [INSIGHT]‘All-natural home remedies’ to ‘kill’ all houseplant pests [EXPLAINER]Alan Titchmarsh shares how to get hydrangeas to ‘really shine’ [COMMENT] The RHS added: "Don’t forget to water the seeds gently." If plants become crowded, thin them out focussing on keeping the strongest, tallest plants to grow. To protect seedlings from slugs and snails, cut off the top of a plastic bottle and place it over the patch where they are planted. The RHS said: "As your sunflower begins to grow taller than you, you will need to help support the stem, by placing a cane near the stem and loosely tying the cane to the plant with string." Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Sunflowers thrive in direct sunlight, so you should find a patch of your green space which enjoys six to eight hours of sunshine daily. Flowers will be at their best in long, hot summers. Make sure to also choose a spot with well-drained soil.