That adds up to £12,000 every year until they're 18 according to life insurance broker Reassured. Express.co.uk has come up with 10 tried and tested ways parents can save thousands of pounds on the cost of bringing up children. From benefits to cashback through to free childcare, these tips could mean big savings for the whole family. Claim up to 30 free childcare hours Parents of young children may be able to claim for up to 30 hours of free childcare per week, NerdWallet suggests. More information can be found at Gov.uk Consider second-hand Local marketplaces and apps like Depop, Facebook marketplace and Gumtree can help parents pick up a bargain, or make money selling on stuff they no longer use. READ MORE: Martin Lewis’ verdict on best five bank accounts offering up to £170 Look out for school forums Many schools now have forums on social mediA where parents can buy and sell quality school clothes and equipment for a fraction of the price. Start using voucher and cashback websites Voucher websites like hotukdeals could be a great place to look for voucher codes and freebies. Similarly, cashback websites give people money back every time they shop online.  DON'T MISS'Not easy' Widow, 65, struggles on late husband's 'small' pension [ALERT]Santander launches account with 2.5% rate - does it beat inflation? [UPDATE]Dave Ramsey suggests how man, 60, can get by in retirement [INSIGHT] Share toys and games A great way to save on toys and games is to team up with other parents and take part in a swap shop. Have fun for free Look for free and affordable events during the holidays by following local news sites, bloggers and tourist information websites.  Eat out for less Consider purchasing things like a Tastecard or Gourmet card to save up to 50 percent on eating out. Child Trust Funds Check those old Child Trust Funds - one million trust funds are dormant and could be holding over £1,000 pounds. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Make the most of tax free savings Junior ISAs let children (or their parents) save £9,000 a year tax free. Conduct a benefits check Parents may qualify for Universal Credit, Tax Credits, Child Benefit and a £1,000 maternity grant among other benefits. There’s a benefits calculator at Gov.uk.