Chelsea could turn their attentions to RB Leipzig striker Christopher Nkunku this summer if they miss out on signing Manchester City ace Gabriel Jesus. The Blues are desperate to find a new frontman after Romelu Lukaku, who joined the club for a second time last summer, flopped during his first season back in the Premier League. According to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, Chelsea are among five clubs who have contacted Jesus’ agent to discuss a proposed move. The Brazil international is reportedly guaranteed to depart the Etihad Stadium this summer, with City willing to allow him to leave for around £47million. Arsenal and Real Madrid have also been in talks with the player’s representatives, although the Spanish giants have not advanced their discussions. And if Chelsea do miss out on the 25-year-old, they could instead go after Nkunku, who is said to be appreciated by Blues chiefs. Nkunku has impressed in Germany since joining Leipzig from Paris Saint-Germain in 2019. He arrived at the Red Bull Arena having predominantly been utilised as a central midfielder in the French capital and played in a string of positions during his first two seasons in the Bundesliga. READ MORE: Tottenham icon Chris Waddle questions 'strange' Ivan Perisic signing  But in the early stages of last season, Nkunku was pushed further forward. And he adapted to his new position better than anyone could have envisaged as he finished the campaign with an incredible 35 goals and 19 assists in all competitions. The 24-year-old particularly stood out in the Champions League and found the back of the net seven times in six matches, despite the fact his team were dumped out of the competition in the group stages. So if Chelsea can get their hands on him, they could be rewarded. DON'T MISS Man Utd and Chelsea decide to target PSV star Ibrahim Sangare Chelsea may have missed out on ideal N'Golo Kante successor Man Utd could be about to make transfer mistake with Frenkie de Jong    Chelsea have struggled at times in front of goal during the last two seasons, with Lukaku failing to deliver on his early promise a year after Timo Werner had suffered a miserable maiden campaign at Stamford Bridge. And Blues boss Thomas Tuchel has already intimated that he isn’t entirely happy with the attacking players he currently has at his disposal. “If we stick to the group then we will try to solve it with these players,” Tuchel said last month. “Is it necessary to bring more offensive players around the box to create more distractions, to create more space for each other? We will ask that question. Can we do better in the structure? Can we push the players more? Did we rotate too much? Let’s see. “There are a lot of options. The numbers we produce from our offensive players don’t allow us to overperform and we need overperformance if we want to be nearer to the top two teams. I am not pointing fingers, I am not blaming anybody - but we need overperformance from everybody. It’s not overperformance if we have only single figures in scoring and assisting.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here