Chelsea technical and performance advisor Petr Cech has claimed that the Blues will have a big summer following Todd Boehly’s acquisition of the club from Roman Abramovich. Chelsea are yet to make a signing while Manchester City have completed the transfer of Erling Haaland, Liverpool are in advanced talks for Benfica striker Darwin Nunez and Tottenham Hotspur have already announced two incomings. Cech will be competing at Soccer Aid for the World XI alongside Usain Bolt, Andrea Pirlo and Andriy Shevchenko and has admitted that he was enjoying the break from his day job, but that he was “living on the phone between training”, as Chelsea face a big summer ahead of them. When told by Sky Sports News that the summer is going to be a busy one for Cech’s club, he replied: "Yeah it will be, of course we plan, we prepare and we try to be as strong as we can next season." Chelsea have been strongly linked with a move for Sevilla defender Jules Kounde as they may face a rebuild of their defence ahead of next season. Antonio Rudiger has confirmed his move to Real Madrid, while Andreas Christensen is expected to follow him to Spain with Barcelona and there have been doubts over the futures of club captain Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso. While other clubs are beginning to take note of Reece James’ contract situation, despite the England defender being under contract at Stamford Bridge until 2025 it is thought that his current salary of around £70,000 a week does not reflect the key player he has become under Thomas Tuchel. Romelu Lukaku could also leave the Blues just a year after returning from Inter Milan in a £97.5million transfer, and he could yet end up back in Italy at the San Siro if the two clubs can agree on a deal. Raheem Sterling has been mooted as a potential incoming transfer for Chelsea, as he has just one year left on his Manchester City contract and the Blues are reportedly weighing up an offer for the England star. Ousmane Dembele is another option for Tuchel’s club on a free transfer for Barcelona, as Cech will have to weigh the options up between training sessions ahead of Soccer Aid on Sunday. He admitted that “it is nice to be back on the pitch”, as he prepares to compete against an England team featuring Mo Farah, Gary Neville and Jamie Carragher. “In an environment that is completely relaxed, and competitive let’s not forget,” as Cech’s Soccer Aid coach and former Tottenham striker Robbie Keane interrupted the former Czech international’s interview and claimed: “It’s fun until the game!”