Gemma, who is 19-years-old, has recently recoupled with Luca Bish. The Love Island beauty is undoubtedly one of the favourites in the villa so far and has been coupled up the most times of any girl. Fish-monger Luca recently dubbed Gemma's physique a "perfect body". So, how does the young contestant achieve her figure? Gemma is an athlete, with her love of horse riding no doubt keeping her in excellent health. While on her personal Instagram page Gemma appears to be enjoying herself with the odd glass of wine and glamorous bikini-clad selfies, her career as a dressage rider keeps her busy. Horse riding is a great fitness booster, especially if - like Gemma - you do it every day. Gemma is an International Dressage Rider for Great Britain and competed in the U21 European Championships 2021. READ MORE: Michael Owen savages journalist over fashion sense She often posts snaps with her dressage horse Sirius, but Gemma has a number of horses that she keeps at home. The 19-year-old lives with her famous footballer father and her mother at home with her siblings. She has described dressage on the ITV reality show as "dancing on horses". However, it's not Gemma doing the dancing during the Olympic-level sport. In dressage, horses appear to be "dancing" as they perform certain moves such as pirouettes, guided by the rider. DON'T MISSMichael Owen fires back at Love Island question [ANGER] Love Island's star's 'nerve-wracking' scan after cancer battle [HEALTH] Megan Barton-Hanson's 'extreme' 800 cal diet 'detrimental' [INSIGHT] It's certainly a workout for the horses, but horse riding has fitness benefits for riders too. A study found 45 minutes of riding can burn up to 200 calories. What is more, horse riding can provide a huge benefit to the abdominal muscles - resulting in a flat stomach like Gemma's. As the horse moves, the body must work hard to maintain the correct posture while riding - putting stress on the abs. The exercise improves core strength and balance as a result. Those who take up riding can expect to see some improved definition in their legs too. Legs are the key area of the body used to communicate with the horse, and squeeze the flank to drive the horse forward. Thighs and calves feel the burn during a ride and soon shape will improve. A body language expert recently analysed Love Island's Gemma Owen amid her recent recouplings. Darren Stanton, a former police officer turned body language aficionado, said the beauty has been using "hair twizzling" while flirting with former match Italian hunk Davide in the villa. He said: "While she was talking, she was playing with her hair, we call this hair twizzling, a classic flirting nonverbal signal women do when they’re into someone."  Winning couple Top female Top male Stats from Odds Checker