Bake Off: The Professionals host Stacey Solomon, 32, once went after boyfriend Joe Swash for lying about the couple’s sex life in a surprise video call to Good Morning Britain. The Loose Women star scolded the EastEnders star after he jokingly revealed they wore blindfolds in bed. It came when she got in touch with the ITV Breakfast show in December 2018 as Joe was telling viewers about the Netflix film, Bird Box, starring Sandra Bullock, which had just come out at the time. In the film, characters cover their eyes to avoid being killed by a mysterious force. When asked whether he and Stacey wear blindfolds, like fans of the horror movie who took to social media to share selfies, he said they didn’t. He added jokingly, however, they did “sometimes” wear blindfolds. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman, 61, stuns in very tight-fitting green jumpsuit Joe said, laughing: “No, no, not on Christmas Day. But we do wear blindfolds sometimes.” The star then dug himself a deeper hole, unaware that his partner was about to join in on FaceTime. Speaking about spending Christmas Day at their new home with both of their families, he added: “We’re cooking for 15 people. “We’ve just really worked out that Stacey makes a good site manager.” “She doesn’t actually do very much, she sends people in the right direction.” Stacey then appeared on video link with her then six-year-old son, Leighton. She set the record straight and shut down her partner’s false claims. The TV presenter said: “That’s an interesting take you’ve got on Christmas, Joe. And PS, we don’t wear blindfolds ever, for anything!” DON'T MISS...'With a heavy heart' Monty Don inundated with support over decision [UPDATE]Amanda Holden, 51, lets fans into bedroom moment [PICTURES] Penny Lancaster stuns as she bids sweet farewell to Rod Stewart [INSIGHT] Joe replied saying he was just trying to make them sound “more exciting". But he then went on to say she was “amazing” and “did all the work on Christmas Day”. After saying goodbye to his girlfriend, Joe told viewers: “That was a surprise. That’s me in trouble. “I’ll be back tomorrow after spending tonight at my mum’s.” Stacey rose to fame after finishing in third place in 2009’s series of The X Factor. She went on to win the tenth series of I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out of Here! in 2010. In 2016, Solomon presented I’m a Celebrity: Extra Camp, and began appearing as a panellist on the ITV talk show Loose Women. Stacey started dating Joe in 2015 after meeting on I’m A Celebrity in 2010.