Artillery commander Lt Col Vladimir Nigmatullin, 46, was killed on May 31. The death of the father-of-three, from Yekaterinburg, adds to an increasingly long list of casualties among Russia's military leaders, with one colonel killed every two days. Nigmatullin's sister-in-law, Marina Konyukhova, said: "Eternal memory, darling, dear, much-loved man, you passed away. "I am always proud of you, and I will always be proud. You set an example to the Motherland, so that everyone does like you did. "You were ordered with the Order of Bravery, posthumously. You went through a lot of conflict areas." On Monday, Russian state media confirmed the death of one of Moscow's top generals, Gen Roman Kutuzov, who was killed leading an assault on a Ukrainian settlement in Ukraine's eastern Donbas region. Alexander Sladkov, a reporter with the state-owned Rossiya 1, said Gen Kutuzov had been commanding troops from the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic. Ukraine LIVE: Putin blow as 'The Executioner' Wagner mercenary killed by sniper Mr Sladkov wrote on Telegram: "The general had led soldiers into attack, as if there are not enough colonels. "On the other hand, Roman was the same commander as everyone else, albeit a higher rank." Russia's defence ministry did not comment on the news as deaths of generals are rarely officially acknowledged by the Kremlin. Ukraine's military backed up the reported killing though did not offer further details about the circumstances. Last month, Moscow confirmed the death of Lt Col Alexander Dosyagayev, 34, a commander of an airborne assault battalion of the 104th paratrooper regiment, which was recognised as Russia's most elite and was judged as the winner of the Winged Infantry category at last year's military festival Army of Russia. Dosyagayev said: "I was filled with pride that my soldiers and officers showed the result they were striving for." Troops from his regiment were reportedly in Bucha, the scene of alleged rape and torture atrocities by Russian forces in earlier stages of the conflict, which last week surpassed a grim 100-day mark. While casualty figures, both on fighters and civilians, are impossible to verify, with government officials in Russia and Ukraine likely exaggerating or deliberately making low estimates depending on what suits them for public relations purposes, the available numbers echo the horrible accounts emerging from the front lines. DON'T MISSThe two scenarios in which NATO could declare war on Russia [EXPLAINER]Putin religion: Does Russia’s President believe in God? [ANALYSIS]Russia’s ‘five hands’ that could spark nuclear armageddon [INSIGHT] On Thursday, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said "at least tens of thousands" of Ukrainian civilians had died so far. He added that 60 to 100 Ukrainian servicemen are dying in combat every day, with about 500 more injured. In Mariupol alone, officials have reported over 21,000 civilian deaths, while Sievierodonetsk, a city in the eastern region of Luhansk that is currently the focus of Russia's offensive, has seen roughly 1,500 casualties, according to the mayor. Such estimates comprise both those killed by Russian attacks and those who died from hunger and sickness. The Kremlin lists military deaths as state secrets even in times of peace. Yet, on March 25 it released figures for its forces, with a general telling state media that 1,351 soldiers had been killed and 3,825 wounded. Kyiv and Western observers, however, say the real number is much higher. According to President Zelensky, more than 30,000 Russian soldiers have died. The figure, he said, represents "more than the Soviet Union lost in 10 years of the war in Afghanistan". In late April, the UK Government estimated Russian losses at 15,000.