Kristal Martin-Lockyer, 31, and her husband Ashley, 34, were shocked to receive the penalty on June 7. The pair had left their recycling outside of their home in north London the day before.  But they claim binmen only emptied the contents of their recycling bin, leaving a cardboard box behind. A fixed penalty notice, addressed to Kristal with a picture of the box attached, then arrived from Enfield Council 24 hours later. The notice alleged that littering had taken place, and ordered Kristal to pay £150 within 14 days, or the amount could rise to £1,000. The couple, who say they are “tight for money”, have been forced to ask the council if they can pay the “unappealable” fine in instalments to avoid the situation escalating.  Kristal, who is currently pregnant with her second child, said: “The box was propped up onto our garden wall and the recycling bin - with the obvious intention to recycle. "The binmen didn't take the box and then someone from the council came knocking saying we need to move it. "He gave us the impression he was just issuing a warning and even offered to lend a van to help us dispose of the box. "But the next day the fine came through the post which is causing us a lot of stress.  READ MORE: Just Stop Oil protesters block busy city centre road "I haven't been fined for anything before, not even a parking ticket - it was completely out of the blue. "I've had to cut down hours at work due to pregnancy and the cost of living is going up and up so it couldn't have happened at a worse time for us really. "We already pay council tax which has effectively been doubled this month because of the fine - and it has left us short. "The council says the fine is unappealable so we can't even fight it."  DON'T MISS:Zelensky's heroes 'hit jackpot' as fleet of Russian armour wiped out [INSIGHT]Ukraine: Putin's 'insidious tactics' fail [ANALYSIS]Russia braces for new blow as Ukraine 'within striking distance' [PICTURES] The wording on the fine alleges: “You deposited and left litter by way of a large cardboard box with further smaller cardboard packages inside and a plastic item, on the public highway at [redacted] without consent of the Waste Authority contrary to Section 87 Environmental Protection Act 1990”. Enfield Council has been approached for comment. 