Cristiano Ronaldo has already broken his promises to Manchester United back in 2009 when he said he would join Real Madrid. Just weeks later, he was at the Bernabeu after joining for £80million and that same situation could happen again. United might find it hard to trust Ronaldo this summer amid interest from Real Madrid in the transfer window. The Portuguese superstar has been linked with a return to the Bernabeu. Carlo Ancelotti is a huge fan of the 37-year-old and would love to add the frontman to his squad after winning the Champions League and La Liga. It would only further their chances of reclaiming their honours last season. It is an enticing prospect and must have crossed Ronaldo's mind - especially as he prepares to enter a competition he has never played in and probably has no intention of doing so in the Europa League. The Red Devils had a miserable campaign last year and finished the season with their lowest ever points tally. However, Ronaldo has insisted he is going nowhere and said this month he is looking forward to working under Erik ten Hag. "We are happy and excited, not only the players but the supporters as well. I wish him the best and let's believe that next year we're going to win trophies," he said. "For me, the most important thing is to try to win the games and try to win some championship or some cup but I believe that Manchester will be where they belong. As I say before, sometimes it takes time but I still believe." United have been in this position before, though, in 2009 when Ronaldo insisted he would be going nowhere despite heavy interest from Real Madrid. In May, he had said: "At the moment I'm at United and I don't care about what happens [at Real Madrid]. I only care about what will happen next season at Manchester United." Less than a month later and Ronaldo was donning the famous white and the rest is history. Fast-forward 13 years and it is almost an identical situation. If Real came in with a huge offer, could the five-time Ballon d'Or winner resist? Would he want to travel across Europe to face the likes of Ludogorets and Dinamo Zagreb? Ronaldo might say that he wants to stay at Old Trafford but his word has meant little in the past. The veteran star was United's most important player last year, finishing the season as their top scorer in all competitions with 24 - including six in the Champions League. It is a competition that the striker absolutely adores and one he is desperate to further his legacy in. One that he is so keen on playing in that he might be prepared to renege on his promises once again.