The 19-year-old, who rocketed to fame with her spellbinding U.S. Open triumph last year, slipped to a disappointing 6-3, 6-3 loss to France’s Caroline Garcia. Carrying the hopes of the nation, the teenager struggled to cope with her opponent’s power and accuracy. And she admitted losing yesterday was tough, but said “it’s okay because I didn’t have many expectations of myself.” She dismissed suggestions she was struggling under the weight of expectation to add to her US Open crown.  Tournament bosses were also facing growing anger from fans over the number of empty seats in prime spots on Centre Court. Swathes of empty seats could be seen as Sir Andy Murray began his second round match - and the arena was not full at any point during Raducanu’s clash with Garcia. This is believed to be down to hospitality guests, including members of the All England Lawn Tennis Club and the Lawn Tennis Association, not taking up their seats.  And there were also problems with the scanning of tickets, meaning the seats went empty. Day three of the tournament had started so positively for the British contingent at the tournament - with 10 through to the second round for the first time since 1984. But Emma - Britain’s best hope for a Grand Slam champion - fell to defeat with the eyes of the nation on her and with her mum Renee watching on.  She said last night: “I’m 19-years-old. Yes I’ve had attention. But I am a slam champion and no-one can take that from me. “The pressure is on those who haven’t done that. There is no pressure. Why is there a pressure? It’s literally a joke.” In a message to the remaining Brits, Emma said: “Everyone has been doing really well and inspiring each other, which is great for British tennis.”  British number one Cam Norrie survived a huge scare on Court One, battling past Spain’s Jaume Munar in a five-set thriller. The 26-year-old rallied after losing the second and third set and cruised to victory, dropping only two games in the next two sets. Harriet Dart also won her delayed first round match.  Underdog Ryan Peniston lost in straight sets less than 24 hours after he secured a breakthrough win on his Wimbledon debut. Strictly Come Dancing winner Rose Ayling-Ellis, 27 swapped the dancefloor for Wimbledon’s hallowed grass as she took her seat in the Royal Box. Carole and Michael Middleton were also spotted enjoying the sunny weather in SW19 with Carole in a floral dress and Michael in a beige suit.  Singer Sir Cliff Richard enjoyed the tennis in SW19 for a third day in a row with a red rose pinned to his blue suit. Another star in attendance last night was legendary TV presenter Sir Trevor McDonald. But concern was once again growing over the number of empty seats on Centre Court for a high profile match. Even the Royal Box was largely empty for parts of the first set.  TV presenter Sue Barker even revealed there are “lots of empty seats” ahead of Emma’s match. Killy Cavendish, 63, a seasoned Wimbledon fan who lives locally and has been coming to the tournament for years, said: “I am fed up. I don’t like seeing empty seats at all, when people are stuck outside queuing. The main thing I want to see is them release some Centre Court tickets.” Paul Miller, 60, who sits in the LTA Section as his company is the official gin partner, said: “Some of the guests for instance maybe don’t want to watch as much tennis and that’s their prerogative. 