Lord Christopher Geidt tendered his resignation to the PM, according to a statement published on the Government's website on Wednesday evening. It read: "With regret, I feel that it is right that I am resigning from my post as independent adviser on ministers’ interests." He did not give a reason for quitting.  Downing Street said Lord Geidt's resignation was a "total surprise". A senior Number 10 source told the Express: "This is a total surprise. And a mystery to the PM.  Only on Monday Lord Geidt asked if he could stay on for six months.  And in hours of questioning in parliament yesterday there was no hint that he'd even considered resignation." Only one day ago, Lord Geidt refused to deny to MPs he had considered resigning over Mr Johnson's response to being fined for breaching lockdown rules. He told the Public Administration and Constitutional Affairs Committee on Tuesday he had felt "frustration" amid the partygate scandal. He told the committee: "I am glad that the Prime Minister was able to respond to my report and in doing so addressed aspects of the things about which I was clearly frustrated. "Resignation is one of the rather blunt but few tools available to the adviser. I am glad that my frustrations were addressed in the way that they were."   It was reported Lord Geidt had threatened to quit last month after the publication of the Sue Gray report into lockdown breaches in Whitehall unless Mr Johnson issued a public explanation for his conduct. Lord Geidt is the second person to resign as Mr Johnson's ethics adviser during his less than three years as Prime Minister. In 2020, Sir Alex Allan quit after Mr Johnson refused to accept his finding Home Secretary Priti Patel had bullied civil servants. The Times first reported Lord Geidt had threatened to quit after the publication of Ms Gray's report into lockdown violations in Whitehall, unless Mr Johnson issued a public explanation for his conduct.   READ MORE ABOUT POLICE SCRAMBLING TO A DEVON BEACH AFTER A BOAT LANDING In response, Mr Johnson issued a letter to Lord Geidt which said he believed any breach of Covid rules when he attended a gathering in the Cabinet room for his 56th birthday had been "unwitting". He said he had acted in "good faith" when he told Parliament there had not been any parties and he had since corrected the record. Asked about the report that he had threatened to quit, Lord Geidt acknowledged "the commentariat" had picked up on his "frustration" at that time. He told the committee: "I am glad that the Prime Minister was able to respond to my report and in doing so addressed aspects of the things about which I was clearly frustrated."  DON'T MISS: Princess Anne ‘sees straight through’ Meghan Markle claims psychic [REVEALED] Veteran outraged as 'MOD not welcome here' sign appears in his town [REPORT] Royal Family LIVE: 'Kick in teeth' Meghan 'ready' to turn back on UK [LATEST]  Pressed by Labour MP John McDonnell if he had contemplated resignation, Lord Geidt said there were few instruments available to an independent adviser and it was important to consider what would work best to preserve the integrity of the system and the Ministerial Code to make it work in advising the Prime Minister on holding ministers - including a PM - publicly to account. He added: "I haven't given you a direct answer but I don't think there was ever a single, direct proposition in my own mind." Mr Mc Donnell replied: "I am going to take that answer as at least it was on the agenda." Lord Geidt said: "We have mentioned before in evidence that it is always on the agenda as an available remedy to a particular problem."  Last year, Lord Geidt called for his role to have "considerably greater authority, independence and effect" but when the Government updated the Ministerial Code in may it said while he could now launch an investigation, he was still required to consult the Prime Minister. It comes as Mr Johnson was rebuked in the House of Commons today after claiming Labour was "on the side of the people traffickers". The Prime Minister was heckled by Opposition MPs as he concluded his sparring with Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer by insisting he was taking decisions "on the side of the British people". Mr Johnson added: "They're on the side of the people traffickers who would risk people's lives at sea and we are on the side of people who come here safely and legally."   But Deputy Speaker Dame Rosie Winterton, after PMQs, said Mr Johnson's comments appeared to "fall well short of the good temper and moderation" needed in parliamentary debates. The heated exchanges came as the Government's first deportation flight to take asylum seekers to Rwanda was halted at the last minute by a legal ruling from a judge at the European Court of Human Rights. 