People are understood to be trapped on the sixth and seventh floor of the ten floor Grand Setun Plaza business centre in the Russian city. Dramatic photos show firefighters battling the blaze as the inferno rips through the ten-floor building. Black smoke can be seen billowing into the sky. A source told TASS: "Up to 20 people can be in the building on the sixth and seventh floors. One is blocked on the seventh. The rest may be on the sixth."  The cause of the fire is currently unknown. Two people have been reported injured as of 8am GMT and others may still be trapped in the building. The ministry said 120 people have been evacuated and efforts are ongoing to extinguish the fire, which covers an area of over 1,000 square metres. It comes amid a spate of mystery blazes across Russia as Vladimir Putin's war on Ukraine continues to rage. The mysterious fires across Russia sparked speculation Ukraine is targeting infrastructure in Moscow. Russian President Vladimir Putin has been hit with of a series of suspected incidents of sabotage in Russia over the past few weeks. More than a dozen blazes in Russia have been reported since the Kremlin launched its illegal invasion of Ukraine on February 24. The number of incidents has been steadily rising over the past few weeks.  READ MORE: Moscow in FLAMES: Roof of Orthodox Christian cathedral collapses  Just a few weeks ago, a large fire ripped through orthodox Saints Peter and Paul church in Moscow. While, dozens of army enlistment offices, railways and police cars were torched in violent protest at Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. Video footage of one incident, shared on Telegram, shows a hooded man launching molotovs at a recruitment centre in Siberia.   DON'T MISS Russia sabotage: Putin humiliated as military sites burned down [INFO]'No smoke without fire' Putin's health 'impacting foreign policies' [COMMENT]Russia soldiers scramble under live fire by Ukrainians  [VIDEO] It came after a fire at a railway tanker containing unspecified solvents on the territory of the former chemical weapons factory Kaprolaktam, in Dzerzhinsk. The first fire was reported on February 26, at the Stavrolen polyolefins plant at Budennovsk in Russia’s Stavropol region. An explosion and fire injured 15 workers after a blaze broke out in the gas separation section of the ethylene plant in southern Russia. Earlier this month, a fire broke out a Russian chemical plant in Berdsk, in Russia's central Novosibirsk region.  A blaze on March 29 saw explosions and fires in the Russian military town of Belgorod, a few miles away from the country's border with Ukraine. On April 1 at an oil depot in Belgorod. Vyacheslav Gladkov, head of the region, said at the time: "There was a fire at the oil depot in the town of Belgorod. All emergency services went to the scene. Measures are being taken to eliminate it." And two blazes were reported at the Dmitrievsky Chemical Plant in the city of Kineshma and at RKK Energia's Space Defense Centre in Korolyov on April 21 Another two were reported a couple of days later at a Russian defence research institute in Tver and in a military enlistment office in Mordovia.  Professor Douglas London from Georgetown University's School of Foreign Service told the journal Foreign Policy that some recent incidents - including oil deport fires - may have been sabotage linked to the war. The retired CIA operations officer said: "US and allied enabling of a Ukrainian sabotage campaign inside Russia telegraphs a significant and escalating cost Putin can ill afford." Russian forces launched offensives on towns in eastern Ukraine on Wednesday with constant mortar bombardment destroying several houses and killing civilians  