Kate Middleton appeared at the Order of the Garter earlier this week wearing a blue Alexander McQueen coat dress. But it was the Duchess of Cambridge’s shoes that got royal fans talking. Kate wore a new pair of Aquazzura love link sling 105 pumps in blue. This is a new shoe brand choice for the Duchess. According to a royal commentator on TikTok, Kate was not seen wearing these shoes prior to 2021. Aquazzura is also reportedly a favourite shoe brand of Meghan Markle’s. TikTok account @matta_of_fact regularly releases videos on the social media platform, commenting on the Royal Family. READ MORE: Prince Charles gets 'kiss on the lips from Zara' - 'strong bonds'  The royal expert spoke about Kate’s style choices at the Order of the Garter Service at St George’s Chapel on June 13. She said: “Kate paired her coat dress with a pair of Aquazzura pumps. “I'm not even going to talk about the fact that they're $1,000 and we're trying to make her into the Queen of relatability - we're not going to go there today. “What we are going to talk about is the fact that Meghan Markle's trademark shoe is an Aquazzura pump.  “Kate Middleton did not wear them before 2021. “That was the first time we saw her wearing this type of shoe,” the expert claimed. She added: “You know maybe Kate and Meghan are besties, and Meghan said ‘Oh girl, get yourself a pair of these shoes, they're going to look great on you!’ “But I don't think that's what's happening here.  “I think this is another instance of the Meghan effect taking a hold of Kate, and this time it has caused her to wear an evening shoe with a daytime look. “Kate if you're going to copy Meghan at least learn how to style it!” the expert opined. The Duchess of Sussex has worn Aquazzura pumps for several years. For instance, on her wedding day in 2018, Meghan changed into a bespoke pair of white Aquazzura pumps to match her Stella McCartney evening reception dress.  The Duchess owns an entire collection of Aquazzura pumps, according to the fashion page Meghan’s Mirror. Kate, on the other hand, is only known to own four pairs of shoes from the brand, according to Kate Middleton Style. One such pair is her white and gold Aquazzura pumps in the Cece style. They feature cut-out detailing on the toe and heel. The Duchess wore these during her royal Caribbean tour to Jamaica. 