Kate Middleton dazzled as usual in an elaborate white dress for the U.K. Premiere of A Street Cat Named Bob in November, 2016. It is called the Pleated Crochet Floral Maxi Dress, from Self-Portrait. The dress, which has a stylish slit up one side, is currently retailed at £360. She accessorised with a poppy remembrance pin. The Duchess also opted for some other crimson accessories. She held a small red clutch and on her feet wore suede pumps in the same colour. She was a vision in red on the red carpet. As for jewellery, the Duchess opted for pearl earrings. Her makeup was dewy, with a soft sweep of blush and highlighter. READ MORE: Meghan Markle says 'goodbye to royal rules' with controversial look  On her lips Kate went for a pale pink shade. She completed the look with a classic smokey eye. The Duchess wore her hair down in loose curls over one shoulder. Kate looked astonishing in the ensemble, so it's no surprise that it inspired others to rock the same dress. Fashion icon Paris Hilton has also been spotted wearing the Self-Portrait gown. Princess Sofia of Sweden, who is just a few years younger than 40-year-old Kate at 37, wore the glam gown in June 2019. She donned the white dress when she attended a State Banquet in honour of South Korea's presidential couple at the Royal Palace in Stockholm. But the Swedish royal accessorised a little differently to the Duchess of Cambridge. Rather than striking red, Sofia went for a silver clutch. She also wore a pale blue sash across her body. But her most notable accessory was an exquisite tiara known as the Palmette Tiara. She has debuted the tiara on several occasions, occasionally swapping the pearl setting with turquoise stones or emeralds. On this occasion she went for the classic pearl. Of course, royal fans took to social media to discuss the Duchess and the Princess. Instagram user @anaeli_regeimbal said: "Kate is so much taller so the dress looks so much better on her." @theprincesschronicle added: "Kate rocked it stunningly." @amy.gazer stated: "I prefer Kate's ... go for the original." But others thought it was the Swedish royal who came out on top in the style stakes. @abreu.virginia said: "This dress looks better on Sofia, maybe because of the hair and the tiara." @wumi_18 seconded this: "I prefer this dress on Sofia. She has very nice curves!!" But @debbie.rutter couldn't believe two royals were wearing the same item of clothing. "Seriously, how is it possible these two girls with all the money at their disposal have the same dress??!! Is there a royal dress pool??? Can I borrow it too??"