Gary Lineker, 61 has skewered Cabinet Minister Nadine Dorries after she admitted Tory preparation for the coronavirus pandemic were “inadequate” during a Twitter spat with fellow Conservative Jeremy Hunt. The former footballer took to Twitter to weigh in on Nadine’s public tirade in view of his 8.5 million followers. He reposted an article reporting on the politician’s admission, adding: “Serious contender for own goal of the season.” Nadine launched an attack on the Former Health and Foreign Secretary after he announced today that he would be voting against Prime Minister Boris Johnson in the upcoming vote of no confidence. He wrote in a series of tweets: “The Conservative Party must now decide if it wishes to change its leader. “Because of the situation in Ukraine this was not a debate I wanted to have now but under our rules we must do that. “Having been trusted with power, Conservative MPs know in our hearts we are not giving the British people the leadership they deserve. “We are not offering the integrity, competence and vision necessary to unleash the enormous potential of our country. “And because we are no longer trusted by the electorate, who know this too, we are set to lose the next general election.” Jeremy concluded: “Anyone who believes our country is stronger, fairer & more prosperous when led by Conservatives should reflect that the consequence of not changing will be to hand the country to others who do not share those values. “Today’s decision is change or lose. I will be voting for change.” Soon after, the Secretary of State for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport took to the social media platform to hit back at the criticism. Retweeting Jeremy’s initial post, Nadine took aim at Jeremy’s coronavirus efforts in a string of tweets. She typed: “1/4 On afternoon of 23rd July 2020 when I was health minister you telephoned me to tell me that we had to handle the pandemic following the example set by the East/China. DON'T MISS...James Whale throws Lizzie Cundy off TalkTV for blasting Meghan Markle [LATEST]Piers Morgan's fresh jibe to Gary Lineker at Platinum Jubilee [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis' wife posts update from Jubilee pageant after accident [UPDATE] “That people testing + should be removed from their homes and placed into isolation hotels for two weeks. “2/4 You said yr wife’s family had experience of this during SARS. I said that British people would never tolerate being removed from their homes and loved ones at which point you demanded I show you the evidence for that. “Your handling of the pandemic would have been a disaster.” (sic) Nadine continued: “3/4 Your pandemic preparation during six years as health secretary was found wanting and inadequate. Your duplicity right now in destabilising the party and country to serve your own personal ambition, more so. “4/4You told others that PM and Gov would swiftly collapse on back of Brexit and you would swoop in. You told me as much in Victoria St after GE. If you had been leader you’d have handed the keys of No10 to Corbyn. “You’ve been wrong about almost everything, you are wrong again now.” (sic) Boris Johnson is set to face the vote of no confidence later today and must receive the support of half of the Tory party in a secret ballot in order to maintain his position. The vote was announced earlier today after at least 15 percent of Conservatives wrote letters to the 1922 backbench committee expressing no confidence in his leadership.