Our Yorkshire Farm stars Amanda and Clive Owen won themselves a legion of adoring fans as they worked on their shared land and raised a brood of nine at Ravenseat. As the news of their divorce broke yesterday, their neighbours have previously given an insight into their home life off-screen. Patricia and Ronald Tyler have lived next to the Owens for more than 20 years, after they retired from London and moved to the Yorkshire Dales. Since Our Yorkshire Farm took off on Channel 5 and became incredibly popular, they have been besieged by tourists desperate to get a glimpse of their favourite farming family. Mrs Tyler told Yorkshire Live: "They are fantastic neighbours. They are there if we need them, not intrusive. "The gamekeeper lives near as well and they are all very good neighbours - happy and content." She continued: "There's a different arrangement to what there is in the suburbs where you live close to each other but you don't know anyone. "You can be more lonely in the city than a place that most people think of as isolated." Mrs Tyler added that people come on a “pilgrimage” to meet Amanda, some travelling for miles on end. This baffles her as she doesn’t understand why people want to “live their lives vicariously” through reality TV stars. She called the phenomenon “sad”. Amanda and Clive announced the sad news they were splitting up in a statement released yesterday. "Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate," Amanda explained as she posted the message on Instagram. "This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family." DON'T MISS...'With a heavy heart' Monty Don inundated with support over decision [UPDATE]Amanda Holden, 51, lets fans into bedroom moment [PICTURES] Penny Lancaster stuns as she bids sweet farewell to Rod Stewart [INSIGHT] The mum-of-nine assured fans they will still work together on their shared land. “Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together, with our number one priority the happiness and well-being of our children,” she added. “We would also like to thank everyone for their support and would ask that the media please respect our privacy as we work through this difficult time.” They share children Raven, 21, Reuben, 18, Miles, 15, Edith, 13, Violet, 11, Sidney, ten, Annas, eight, Clemmie, six, and Nancy, five. Amid reports Amanda and Clive were experiencing difficulties in their marriage, they responded with a public statement in October 2021. It read: "With the TV show and the books we've always aimed to show the reality of life on the farm. "And just like any marriage, we have our stresses and strains, coupled with all the complexities of what we do on the farm and bringing up nine kids. "We’re a normal family and we’ve never said our marriage is perfect." They added that they had been experiencing a "rocky patch".