Michael Owen joked that journalist Archie Rhind-Tutt would “look more respectable” if he put Owen's England kit on over his colourful jacket. During Channel 4’s coverage of England vs Germany, the German football expert was shown Owen’s kit on the day that he scored a hat-trick in England’s 5-1 win over Germany in 2001, and the former Liverpool and Real Madrid striker could not resist making a jibe at Rhind-Tutt’s choice of fashion. Rhind-Tutt admitted “it looks quite nice” as he wore a very colourful jacket, before Joe Cole, also part of the punditry team with Owen, said: “Throw in his [Owen’s] jacket!” Owen added: “Put that on over your jacket you may look a bit more respectable!” He was dishing out the laughs but at the start of the programme was the butt of the joke, as presenter Jules Breach announced the pundit as “the father of Love Island’s Gemma Owen”, after his daughter was revealed as a contestant on the ITV show Love Island on Monday. He replied: “I flew all the way to Germany to try and avoid all of that back home! You brought it up straight away, I am feeling alright thank you very much. This has taken my mind off it.” Owen’s daughter Gemma was coupled up with Liam as the public voted which contestants should be together, but she was soon smitten with new boy Davide. There was no mention of her famous father to her fellow islanders, but Liam did query why the 19-year-old was so interested in what level of football he played at. Gemma played down any suspicion however and claimed she was just interested in getting to know him. England manager Gareth Southgate named a strong team to face Germany as his side attempted to bounce back from their defeat by Hungary in the Nations League. Owen, who made 89 caps for England and scored 40 times, said: “The changes will affect it and when you look at the team that played Germany in the Euros and there is only one change in that team, that is virtually as good as we are going to get at the moment. “It is a very strong England team and they are going to have to be strong tonight but I think the biggest change tonight is the personality in the system. He has gone with the four tonight with the two sitting.” Southgate will be disappointed that Leeds United midfielder Kalvin Phillips picked up an injury and had to be replaced by Borussia Dortmund’s Jude Bellingham after 14 minutes. The 26-year-old will hope his injury isn’t serious, as he has been linked with a move to Manchester City and Manchester United this summer.