Speaking via video link on Thursday's Good Morning Britain, Yvonne spoke to ITV hosts Charlotte Hawkins and Adil Ray about her encounters with the Queen. She explained the royal has got a fantastic memory, and the Queen was even present when Yvonne had her first son christened. "What it's like when she's there?" Charlotte asked. "People obviously are going to think, 'Oh my goodness, the Queen is here', you know. "Does she step in and everybody feels like they're in the presence of royalty or does she just kind of walk in as a normal person and wants to be involved in what's going?" Yvonne explained that there are certain protocols they have to follow when the Queen arrives at the WI. She replied: "We greet the Queen at the door, we walk in, we sing the national anthem, and we check the Queen to the meeting table. "And the many of the ladies that are in the hall, they've all met the Queen themselves on different occasions because here on Sandringham Estate, you have been to different receptions and events where the Queen has been. READ MORE: Michael Le Vell age: How old is Coronation Street's Kevin Webster? "So for the Queen, it's coming to be amongst people that she knows fairly well and we're very fortunate that we get to see her as regularly as we do." Adil went on to ask the WI vice president about what the Queen talks to them about when she comes to the WI. "I mean, after the seventh or eighth time, you must have some quite surprising conversations that you know, you probably don't feel like you'd ever have with the Queen," the host asked. Discussing one special moment, in particular, Yvonne recalled: "Well, the Queen has got a phenomenal memory and we had our first child in 1977 and we had him christened in Sandringham Church when all the Royal Family were in church. "And so over the years, I've had two more children and the Queen never forgets their names. "She asks me how my boys are and she can refer to them by name." Chipping in Charlotte continued: "And talking of her phenomenal memory, I heard a story from Alexander Armstrong, the Pointless host of course. "And he was telling me how he hosted a special version of Pointless for you and I think you were on the opposite side to the Queen and I heard she did rather well." DON'T MISS...Stranger Things plot hole: How did Kali survive the lab massacre? [CAST]Coronation Street fans 'work out' Toyah's killer plan as Imran exits [REACTION]'Such bad taste' Vera's Brenda Blethyn details 'awful' acting role [INSIGHT] "Well, the Queen did win," Yvonne admitted. "It was an absolutely wonderful meeting. "The Queen came and she very graciously unveiled the plaque. "She cut the cake and she did say, 'I will be able to put the knife through this, won't I?' "Remembering when she was at the Royal Albert Hall with all the Women's Institute and she couldn't get into the cake and the Princess Royal and to assist her." Towards the end of the chat, Charlotte couldn't resist asking Yvonne how the Queen likes her cup of tea. The host asked: "Talking about whether it is milk first or tea first and then milk after so let's do the official way how would the Queen serve tea when she's pouring it?" "When the Queen pours tea for the ladies of the Women's Institute she always puts the tea in first," Yvonne replied. While Adil was more concerned about what the Queen's choice of biscuit was. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.