Rafael Nadal has once again hinted that the end of his tennis career is near. On the court, he showed no signs of slowing down as a sensational performance saw him defeat Novak Djokovic 6-2, 4-6, 6-2, 76(4) to advance to the Roland Garros quarter-finals.  Many wondered which version of Nadal was going to show up in the French capital given how his chronic foot injury flared up in Rome just a fortnight ago. But once again the 21-time Grand Slam champion showed just how phenomenal he is on the hallowed clay of Roland Garros as a performance coupled with ruthless aggression and sheer resiliency, hallmarks of his legendary career, saw him dethrone the defending champion. Prior to another epic encounter with his great rival, Nadal hinted this French Open may be his last due to his chronic injury. On whether this would be his last time at the Grand Slam, Nadal doubled down on his claim, saying: “I am old enough to not hide things or come here and say something I don’t believe. “I have what I have in the foot, so if we aren’t able to find an improvement or a small solution then it’s becoming super difficult.” The great Spaniard showed added aggression in this encounter as he struck 57 winners en route to clinching his 29th victory over the Serbian. JUST IN: French Open fans forced to use blankets to keep warm during Novak Djokovic vs Rafael Nadal   His forehand was at its devastating best, especially the world number five’s forehand up the line, which allowed him to open up the court and go to the net to finish points. Nadal drew first blood by taking the first set 6-2 and established a 3-0 lead in the second.  Both players held serve to make it 6-6 and the fourth set would be decided on a tiebreak, a fitting end to an incredible set of tennis. The 21-time major champion asserted his authority as he played with more aggression and had carved out a 6-1 lead in the blink of an eye, before claiming it 7-4, the world number five’s first tiebreak win over Djokovic since 2013. A blistering backhand down the line sealed the win and Nadal was thrilled with his performance. "A very tough match," said Nadal. "Novak is one of the best players in history and playing against him is always an amazing challenge. Today was another one. "The only way to win against him is to play your best from the first point to the last. A magic night for me." The tennis legend’s quest for a record extending 22nd grand slam title continues and Alexander Zverev stands between him and a 14th French Open final. 