A warning that Peter Crouch delivered to Liverpool ahead of their Champions League quarter-final clash with Benfica now shows why Jurgen Klopp is keen to sign Darwin Nunez. Nunez enjoyed a remarkable season for the Portuguese giants, scoring 34 goals in all competitions. He helped to fire Benfica into the last eight of the Champions League, where they faced Klopp's Liverpool. Ahead of the first leg of the tie, Crouch had pinpointed Nunez as Benfica's main threat. "I think Manchester United were looking at him. Suarez and Cavani, he plays up front with them for Uruguay and I think he’s got something like 27 goals in all competitions this year," Crouch told BT Sport. "He’s obviously going to be a big threat. Set pieces as well, he’s good in the air and against Ajax they (Benfica) were very good at set pieces. If they soak up a lot of pressure tonight, that’s where they could hurt Liverpool." READ MORE: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' Nunez would go on to score in both legs, though Liverpool would win 6-4 on aggregate. His performances across the season have earned him several suitors, with Liverpool understood to be eyeing a move for him as a possible replacement for Sadio Mane. Klopp has already revealed himself to be a big fan of the Uruguayan international, hailing him ahead of the Champions League clash. Nunez was a driving force behind Benfica's run in the competition, which the Liverpool boss highlighted. DON'T MISS: Liverpool transfer talks over signing Sadio Mane replacement begin (TRANSFERS)Liverpool get their wish as UEFA request report into Paris pandemonium (NEWS)Liverpool could offer three players in Son Heung-min swap deal (INSIGHT) “He’s a good striker. The next one from Uruguay! I don’t know how they play together, Cavani, Suarez and him, in one team – that’s probably a challenge to put that in place. Top, top boy. Yes, the goals he’s scored. Obviously the one against Ajax in Amsterdam was a massive one, yes in the group stage as well, so he’s not shy," he said. Crouch's warning about his threat to Liverpool's chances of progression proved to be spot on considering the two goals he scored. And it can also be seen as a reason why Klopp is now eyeing a move for the 22-year-old.