The news comes as the Federal Republic takes action to protect its own interests following the Russian invasion of Ukraine. The move will see various units centralised into one task force according to news from the German federal government. The Federal Minister of Defence, Christine Lambrecht, decided to adapt the command organisation of the armed forces in response to the current security situation. She said: “Up to now, territorial command tasks have been spread across many areas. "On October 1, 2022, we will pool them in a Territorial Command and Control Command of the Bundeswehr in Berlin." The Territorial Command of the Bundeswehr (TerrFüKdoBwTerritorial command of the Bundeswehr) is responsible for the operational leadership of national forces within the framework of homeland security, including administrative and disaster relief and civil-military cooperation. It performs the tasks as a "deployment command" for national relocations in accordance with NATO plans for national and alliance defence. The command organizes the movement of allied forces through Germany in close coordination with the NATO commands. The Defence Minister continued: "With the new command, we can quickly provide the necessary forces for a national crisis management team, in addition to the purely military tasks, if this is necessary - for example in the case of flood disasters or as in the Covid pandemic." The command is directly subordinate to the Federal Ministry of Defence and is not part of an organisational area.    The commander of the FüKdoBwTerritorial command of the Bundeswehrthe duties of the National Territorial Commander is delegated.   Among other things, the state commands, the homeland security forces and the centre for civil-military cooperation are subordinate to the command.   The German parts of the NATO Joint Support and Enabling Command (JSEC) and the multinational Operational Command (MNKdo OpFü) are assigned to the FüKdoBwTerritorial command of the Bundeswehrassigned to military service.   READ MORE: UK urged to act as Putin threatens World War 3 Germany is stepping up its defence capabilities following a slow start to cooperation with other NATO states at the outbreak of the Russian-led invasion of Ukraine. Last month, the German government and opposition party leaders lobbied their members to approve a constitutional change that would secure an £85.7billion defence fund announced by Chancellor Olaf Scholz. The fund, which is meant to plug holes in equipment and ammunition, will be key to setting Germany on course for the NATO-agreed goal of spending two percent of gross domestic product on defence. If approved by the Bundestag, Germany’s parliament, the money will go on top of annual military budgets frozen at slightly more than £42.5billion annually for the next several years. DON'T MISS:MoD unveils plan to bolster Royal Navy defence capabilities [INSIGHT]Russia makes £79.4bn in first 100 days of war from oil and gas [REVEAL]Russia forced to use Cold War-era missiles [REPORT] Mr Scholz and Ms Lambrecht and Bundestag party chairman Rolf Mützenich — asked their members for support when the legislative changes come up for a vote. Russia’s war on Ukraine, they argued, marks a significant shift in Europe’s security architecture. The officials argued: “It has shown us: Living in freedom requires military strength to protect and defend it." Ukraine has repeatedly sought to join the military alliance NATO, yet many member states are concerned the move would lead to a global conflict under Article 5 of the NATO agreement to protect other member nations. As of last year, Germany was only spending 1.54 percent of its GDP on NATO membership. Greece remains the alliance's biggest spender as a share of GDP, contributing 3.59 percent. The US (3.57 percent) stays second with Poland (2.34 percent) third and Croatia, Estonia and Latvia (2.16 percent) joint-fifth. Formed in the aftermath of World War 2, NATO's original goals were to secure peace in Europe, promote cooperation among its members and counter the threat posed by the USSR, also known as the Soviet Union. 