Fern Britton, 64, secretly took a Mensa test, which placed her in the top two per cent of the population for intelligence and gave her membership to the High IQ Society. However, when her former husband Clive Jones found out, he was furious - and an explosive rift unfolded which led to the disintegration of their marriage. The former This Morning presenter admitted that she took part in the test behind his back after anticipating his wrath, and that when he found out, he was enraged. Talking on the Walking The Dog with Emily Dean podcast, she elaborated: "He had this degree and I don’t [so] I secretly went off and did the Mensa. "I lied, I said I was going somewhere else, and it took a day to do this test. I passed — and quite well too." She added: "Then [Clive] was furious so he did it because he’s got a huge brain, but he’s not a problem solver and he didn’t get it. READ NOW: ‘Had no alternative’ Trinny Woodall was once forced to sell her house She admitted that "an immense rift opened" between the duo which ultimately spelt the beginning of the end for their 12-year marriage. The pair went their separate ways back in 2000. Author and presenter Fern has been left looking back in regret about not having applied herself more at work ever since. She has voiced a wish that she had fronted more "serious" TV shows. "Some people think, 'Oh she’s too stupid' but I’m bright actually," she insisted. In another recent interview, for Good Housekeeping, she touched upon how she feels females in the public eye are automatically stereotyped or judged. "In general, women are judged in a competition that they haven’t entered," she exclaimed. "If I’m any inspiration at all, I would say, ‘Do what you wish, look the way you want and be the way you are’." DON'T MISS... David Beckham slams Victoria's bad habit after he gets on her nerves [INSIGHT] Mick Jagger's son comforted by mum as he sobs over dad's Covid battle [LATEST] Dan Walker hits back at 'angry' fans after daughter’s hospital dash [DEBATE]  Meanwhile, it's not just matters of IQ that Fern seems to have excelled in, as, according to her, women are better at budgeting as well. "I'm going to be very sexist here, but it appears a lot of men have been in on this money business and they made a very bad fist of it," she announced on David Dimbleby's Question Time. "Women are traditionally good at making sure the money goes in the pot for electricity and the phone." She added that women were less likely to indulge in risky gambling pursuits such as "stick[ing] it all on a horse to see if the money would come in next week". Meanwhile, her second marriage, to celebrity chef Phil Vickery, fared better than her first, although the pair finally split in 2020. She suggested in an interview with Daily Mail's Weekend magazine that there had been very little acrimony with him. "We were the best of friends. And I miss that friendship," she mused. "But there comes a point when the children are substantially off your hands and you look at each other and wonder where you’re going to go from here."