Another series based on the bestselling work of Irish author Sally Rooney was released to BBC last month, Conversations With Friends. The hit drama starring Alison Oliver and Nick Alwyn has once again taken an insightful look at messy friendships and secret romance, but a lot was changed when it was time for director Lenny Abrahamson to bring the story to screen. Filmmaker Lenny revealed a major sex scene and the resulting aftermath underwent a huge change compared to the rehearsals. The first time Nick Conway (played by Alwyn) and Frances (Oliver) sleep together, it proves to be a surprisingly dramatic moment for the Conversations protagonist. Frances unexpectedly bursts out crying, and admits she has no idea where the reaction came from. However, the director recalled a rather different response from the character when they originally practised the conversation. READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show “When we shot that scene, the first version of it and the version we rehearsed was… the crying was, you were more inside it,” he explained. “You weren’t telling the truth when you said ‘it was only physical’.” Frances still manages to be truthful in the scene regardless, as she goes on to admit this was the first time she has had sex with a man. Before the events of the series, she had just ended a relationship with her still-best friend, Bobbi (Sasha Lane). However, Lenny and Alison’s original interpretation of the scene had Frances almost lying to herself and Nick about her emotional response to taking the first steps in their affair. At the BFI and RadioTimes film festival, Lenny told viewers: “But actually, during the shooting of it, that way of dealing with that actual lightness felt better. “Because it felt like even Frances herself couldn’t quite understand where that was coming from. “That separation between her psychologically and physically was an important strand in the character.” DON'T MISS:Stranger Things season 4: Major plot hole from comics explained [PLOT HOLE]The Last Kingdom’s Eliza Butterworth on surprise change to season 5 [INSIGHT]NCIS season 20: CBS boss addresses Ducky’s future [LATEST] Throughout the series, Alison explained, Frances becomes detached from her body in a similar vein to Marianne (Daisy Edgar-Jones) in Normal People. By having Frances remain truthful about her response, it plants the first seeds of Conversations’ themes of the challenges of forming physical and emotional connections with the self and other people. “A lot of times in the series you see her disconnecting from her body in some sense,” she elaborated. “She wants to shut out a lot of the changes which are happening. The first time a man really pulls her into her body, it’s like a release. It’s overwhelming.” Now, Nick and Frances’ conversation after making their affair physical for the first time plays much more honestly. There is even a touch of humour as Frances is genuinely baffled by the fact she cries when she gets intimate with people she has feelings for. All episodes are now available for Rooney-fans and newcomers alike to binge, so viewers can find out how Nick and Frances’ covert affair develops from here. Conversations With Friends is available to stream on BBC iPlayer.