Bloating affects around 16 to 31 percent of the general population, and for most it is generally a short-term problem. But for those who are more sensitive to regular bloating, an expert has identified some key foods to limit or avoid completely to prevent the tummy discomfort altogether. Bloating refers to a sense of fullness, pressure, or gassiness in the abdomen. Nutrition expert Gabrielle Fondaro from Barbend revealed which foods are likely to cause bloating and what foods can help reduce the expansion in the abdomen. She explained that people who tend to suffer from excessive bloating should stay away from FODMAPs. "FODMAPs (fermentable oligo-saccharides, di-saccharides, mono-saccharides and polyols) are certain types of carbohydrates – the sugars, starches, and fibre in foods," she explained. Studies have shown strong links between FODMAPs and digestive symptoms such as gas, bloating, stomach pain, diarrhoea, and constipation. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Low FODMAP diets can provide remarkable benefits for many people with common digestive disorders, according to Healthline. Ms Fondaro continued: "FODMAPs can ferment inside your gut, and draw water into your digestive tract causing bloating. "Not everyone is sensitive to FODMAPs, but if you experience constant bloating, it may be a good idea to limit the amount you eat." Some of the highest-FODMAP foods include: DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Honey Milk or other dairy containing lactose Garlic Onions Cauliflower Mushrooms Artichokes Avocados Apricots and other pitted fruits Apples Wheat Cashews Pistachios Beans Dried fruits If a person's diet is filled with these foods, they might consider swapping them out for foods that can actually improve bloating. Food that are at the lower end of the FODMAP scale include: Bananas Bell peppers Blueberries Carrots Cucumbers Grapes Oats Potatoes Quinoa Rice Tomatoes Almond milk Spinach While the types of food a person eats play a huge part in the bloating process, she also revealed that eating food too quickly can cause bloating. "Speed-eating and swallowing air whilst gulping down food can lead to bloating, especially if a very large meal is eaten," Ms Fondaro said. "Swallowed air is usually expelled in burps before it reaches your intestines where it could cause bloating, but if you notice that you’re belching a lot after your meals and feeling bloated and gassy a few hours later, you might feel better if you slow down your eating behaviours." She advised: "A great way to reduce bloating is to eat smaller meals, eat slowly, and drink plenty of water instead of carbonated drinks."