Under Conservative party rules, they were entitled to demand a confidence vote in the Prime Minister after finally passing the threshold of 54 Tory MPs calling for one. They got what they wanted. The vote was arranged, held with commendable speed... and they lost it. Those same rules say that Mr Johnson is now entitled to get on with tackling the extraordinary array of challenges facing the country for at least the next year without worrying about his own MPs queuing up to stick a knife in his back. But does anyone believe that those who want him gone – overwhelmingly anti-Brexit MPs such as Tobias Ellwood and Jeremy Hunt – will now become team players helping to deliver on the manifesto that got them elected with such a handsome majority in 2019? Alas, it appears more likely that many who took a free ride on Mr Johnson’s popularity at the last election will continue to carp from the sidelines, telling the electorate he is unfit for office and then complaining when the Conservatives are not doing better in the polls. Some may even resort to guerrilla warfare in Parliament, organising rebellions against measures such as the plan to send illegal migrants to Rwanda or action to win concessions from Brussels on the Northern Ireland protocol. If just 40 of them do that then the majority of 80 Mr Johnson won in 2019 will in reality van- ish, crippling the Government and turning the Tories into an unleadable rabble. If that is the way things go throughout the rest of this year and next then the Tories will lose office in 2024 to a nightmare “rainbow alliance” of Labour, the Lib Dems and other crackpot Left-wing parties determined to raise taxes, let hardened criminals out of prison, drag Britain back into the EU and tear down statues of our national heroes. That would not in the main be Mr Johnson’s fault – for all his sloppiness over partying staff in Whitehall – it would be largely down to the duplicity of internal opponents content to act as parliamentary picadors stabbing and progressively weakening the political bull who smashed through the Brexit logjam and won them a thumping mandate to govern. It doesn’t have to be this way. There is still time for Tory backbenchers involved in machinations against Mr Johnson to step back and knuckle down to the hard graft of governing sensibly. As the PM yesterday set out in a letter asking Tory MPs for their support, the main objectives are clear: shielding the public from the full impact of the energy price spike, spreading opportunities to left-behind regions by investing in infrastructure and encouraging high wage-high skill employment, sorting out the long-neglected care system and rebuilding NHS capacity after Covid, dealing with asylum abuses, and rallying support for Ukraine in its heroic struggle against Putin. “We have a golden chance to put this behind us now...We can put an end to the media’s favourite obsession. We can get on with the job without the noises off,” wrote Mr Johnson. But should his internal critics heed his call, unite behind him and yet find a crucial swathe of the electorate still unwilling to for- give him over partygate a year from now, they would have a far more reasonable case for making a change. Perhaps a credible alternative leader will have emerged by then – because one certainly has not appeared yet. But when crunch time comes, it is far more likely the electorate will stick with an incumbent premier who has many achievements to his name – from Brexit delivery to the Covid vaccine triumph, from near full employment to providing Ukraine with crucial early support – rather than back the alternative of a multi-party mishmash. If tricky mid-term poll ratings were a pretext for removing any PM, Margaret Thatcher would have been forced out before her 1987 landslide win over Neil Kinnock and David Cameron would have been dumped before going on to win the first Tory majority in more than two decades in 2015. Most of Mr Johnson’s internal critics have been around long enough to know this. The suspicion must be that many are simply out for revenge against him – for sacking them from ministerial office or failing to promote them in the first place, for delivering Brexit or changing the Tory focus from the prosperous South to the hard-pressed North. They are playing with fire and it is time they put the matches away.