Chelsea reportedly held concrete talks with RB Leipzig defender Marcel Halstenberg, with a view to bringing him in as Antonio Rudiger's replacement. Halstenberg, who can play left-back or as a left-sided centre-back, has instead decided to extend his stay in Germany by putting pen to paper on a new two-year extension, forcing the Blues to explore alternative options. Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel faces a daunting defensive rebuild this summer as Rudiger, Andreas Christensen, Marcos Alonso and Cesar Azpilicueta all prepare to make way. While a number of big names have been mentioned, one that flew under the radar is Halstenberg. The 30-year-old is a versatile defender who has been a regular for Leipzig over the past six seasons, despite being struck down by a long-term injury last campaign. Sky Sports Germany claim that the Blues held concrete talks over a free transfer in recent weeks, but Halstenberg has instead committed his future to the Bundesliga side. The German could have been a natural replacement for his international team-mate, Rudiger, who was superb on the left side of defence last season. His shoes will perhaps be the biggest to fill after refusing to sign a new deal at Stamford Bridge and agreeing a move to Real Madrid. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told not to axe Cristiano Ronaldo as Portugal ace dazzles again Halstenberg's rejection will come as a blow to Chelsea, who are still testing out their pulling power after a controversial ownership saga involving Roman Abramovich. Todd Boehly is the spearhead of their new consortium, and he will be keen to flex his financial muscles and hit the ground running. While an interesting free transfer opportunity has now gone begging, there are still plenty of chances out there for the Blues to act swiftly. Halstenberg's Leipzig team-mate, Josko Gvardiol, is also believed to be on the club's radar, but it would cost them a pretty penny with some estimations putting his signature at £80million. DON'T MISS: Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd target to snub move, Liverpool rejected bid, De Jong latest  Yet another Leipzig star that is reportedly being tapped up is Christopher Nkunku. The Frenchman enjoyed a superb breakthrough campaign last time out, bagging 35 goals in all competitions, and while the Blues are among those keeping an eye on developments, solving their defensive crisis remains a top priority. A deal that fans may not have to wait long for involves Sevilla's Jules Kounde. Chelsea were heavily linked in January, and while Sevilla were unwilling to play ball several months ago, all parties are allegedly keen to get things moving as quickly as possible so that the 23-year-old centre-back can settle in and the Spanish side can set about signing his replacement.  Tuchel's fondness of the player is already public, and he stated after deadline day in January: "Marina [Granovskaia] was in charge and she is the best person who can be in charge. We were in contact and Petr Cech was in contact. Us three we knew about all the situations. "We knew things can happen, things can happen late, and we were also very aware of the situation that, maybe, nothing happens at all. But it was clear we tried for Kounde and Saul and it was very, very late, but it was a very, very smooth transfer window because I had full concentration on training and on my team." 