Ms Karatanova and her family currently live in London with already higher living costs than the rest of the country. The mum-of-two found a way to earn extra income at home whilst tending to her four-year-old.   Like many households, Ms Karatanova watched as her energy bills doubled, taking the family income worryingly close to their expenses. She said: “We used to pay around £120 a month for gas and electric, now it's more than £200. Yet we are the same four people, living in the same house. “We'd be struggling without the extra income. “We’re also facing an increase in our fuel costs - that has increased by around £50 a month and our grocery shopping is up around £200 per month, yet we’re buying the same food. It’s all a bit scary.” READ MORE: The 5 kitchen appliances pushing your energy bills up and how to fix it     She added that living in London is also not the cheapest of areas: “Living in London gives our family so many opportunities. “However, we pay a lot for that privilege which is why having a good source of income that allows me flexibility and works around my family’s commitments is so important.” Inflation is looking to hit double digits before the end of the year and earlier this week the Bank of England increased the base rate to 1.25 percent. All combined, this has had a devastating effect on family finances across the country.  Working as an independent direct sales consultant for health and wellness company AquaSource, Ms Karatanova is able to earn between £500 to £600 a month. This comes in handy to cover the rising costs alongside the full-time salary of her husband Vancho. She shared how finding work she could do at home through AquaSource has been “very helpful”. Ms Karatanova commented: “When we need to, I can increase the amount of work I do to increase my earnings.  “I typically bring in around £600 per month while my husband works full time, so we rely largely on his income, but the money I am bringing in each month has been significantly helpful in contributing to meeting the increases in living costs.” “It allows me to provide additional support to my family so we can afford to have days out as a family, holidays and when necessary, we can afford to pay out extra on household bills without worrying.” She has also managed to fit her work in around her family life, working just a few hours a day. She said: “The work I do, works around me and our family, rather than me working life around a job.  “Whether that’s during an evening when the children are in bed, at weekends or every morning for a couple of hours. “It’s incredibly flexible which I am extremely grateful for. “I was also able to carry on working during lockdown as I switched to using online channels and Zoom.” She first encountered AquaSource as a customer, having used the products for a few years.