Working members of the Royal Family were invited to join the Queen at Trooping the Colour this year, including Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. But as non-working royals, most of the Queen's grandchildren were not invited to view the celebrations from the Buckingham Palace balcony. Instead, they watched the event from Horse Guard's Parade. While some non-working royals were spotted at Horse Guard's Parade during Trooping the Colour today, Princess Eugenie was not seen. Eugenie's sister Princess Beatrice was present, however, and she was pictured with the Cambridge children looking out of the window at the display. Although Eugenie wasn't spotted at the event today, she paid a heartfelt tribute to her grandmother in The Spectator earlier this week. READ MORE: Prince Louis lovingly crowned 'emotive king' as he sparks frenzy In the piece entitled "My pride in Grannie", Eugenie said: "Seventy years is really quite something, isn't it? "The Jubilee stands as a testimony to a woman who has transcended time and has been that constant rock for so many when the world can feel so fragile." Eugenie also paid tribute to the Queen on Instagram on Thursday morning, penning a message to her "dear followers" asking them to send pictures or videos of their Jubilee celebrations. Other royals who watched the spectacle from the Major General's Office on Thursday included Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, along with several of the Queen's great-grandchildren. Royal fans are hopeful that Princess Eugenie will make an appearance at the Service of Thanksgiving being held in the Queen's honour on Friday. Right now is currently a moment of big change for Eugenie as she will soon be living part-time in Portugal, according to The Telegraph. Eugenie has recently been living at Frogmore Cottage in Windsor, which is the UK residence of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. The move to Portugal is believed to be due to Eugenie's husband Jack Brooksbank securing a new job in the country. DON'T MISS:Why does the Queen have two birthdays? [EXPLAINED]Royal quiz: How well do you know British Royal history? Take our quiz [QUIZ]A look at the Queen's long love affair with her trademark pearls [PICTURES] Eugenie has been married to Jack since 2018 and the couple share a baby son called August. Princess Eugenie doesn't carry out official royal duties, but she was pictured at the V&A Museum earlier this week to view the Queen's Jubilee Emblem Display. Eugenie also met Edward Roberts, the winner of the emblem design competition. Eugenie has long had an interest in the Arts, and she is currently a director at Mayfair gallery Hauser & Wirth.