The cost of petrol and diesel is continuously rising in the UK with motorists now forced to pay over £2 for a litre of fuel in some places. However, owners of diesel cars have to pay much more compared to drivers who own petrol-powered alternatives. The latest RAC Fuel Watch shows that motorists across the UK will have to pay 183.16p on average per litre of petrol. Diesel drivers, on the other hand, will be forced to fork out a whopping 188.82p. For years, diesel was a cost-effective alternative to petrol. It had a cheaper per-litre cost and a superior mileage offset. READ MORE: Petrol stations reveal the ‘shocking’ amount of money they make However, according to the RAC, that is not the case now. Motorists would have to drive a high annual mileage, above 10,000 and mostly on motorways, to see any real savings. On top of that, diesel vehicles face more punitive congestion charges for driving in towns and cities. The Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders estimates there are around 13 million diesel cars on UK roads, making up around 37.1 percent of total cars. DON'T MISS Almost half of elderly drivers failed to look prior to crash [REVEAL] Cheapest places to buy petrol and diesel [ADVICE] Best hybrid car to go for if drivers want to save on fuel [INSIGHT] A recent survey also found that only five percent of motorists would look at purchasing a new diesel vehicle. Only 21 percent of used car buyers would consider a diesel vehicle. As a result, many more potential car buyers are looking at more environmentally friendly options, which could potentially spell an end for diesel vehicles. A spokesperson from LeaseElectricCar.co.uk told Express.co.uk that diesel cars may have run their course, especially with fuel prices rocketing. They added: “There are a number of factors which have contributed to motorists' avoidance of petrol and diesel vehicles. “The increase in fuel prices coupled with the increase in the availability has seen a huge surge in demand for both electric and hybrid vehicles. “Cost of maintenance and environmental impact have also caused motorists to make the switch to electric. “This is evidenced in the fact we have witnessed a 371 percent increase in demand for hybrid vehicles since the turn of the year – even in a time of global uncertainty and rising fuel prices. “It is clear the UK has set its sights on the EV market, significantly pushing down the demand for petrol and diesel motors many years ahead of the 2030 ban.” Online car marketplace Motorway has also seen an increase in the number of motorists looking to sell their petrol and diesel cars, as fuel prices reach all-time highs. In the last month alone, diesel car sales on the online used-car marketplace have risen by 19 percent, as car owners fear prices at the pumps could continue to rise. The data from Motorway showed that the highest volume of sales enquiries have come from commuter areas around major cities. This suggests that those who are frequent car users are considering ditching their petrol and diesel-powered cars in favour of electric, or downsizing their vehicles. The highest levels of valuation requests have come from drivers of SUVs and cars with larger engines These are usually the least affordable cars at a time when running costs are increasing almost on a daily basis.