Kevin Magnussen has aimed angry shots at the FIA and highlighted Lewis Hamilton’s drive at last year’s Saudi Arabian Grand Prix as a reason why he shouldn’t have been forced to pit by officials at Sunday’s Canadian Grand Prix. Magnussen made contact with Hamilton on the opening lap in Montreal and was later issued with a black and orange flag by race director Eduardo Freitas as a tiny bit of his front wing was sticking out. And following the ninth Grand Prix of the season, Magnussen admitted he wasn’t pleased with the decision. “I just had a bit of contact, nothing serious,” Magnussen explained. “Scratched my front wing a little bit and then was told to pit. “I was talking to [Esteban] Ocon now and he was just joking how he told the FIA that it was really bad. If you know you can influence the FIA like that, you're going to do it, aren't you? Which is what he did, fair play. “But you've got to let us drive with that s*** - it's nothing. I was keeping up, the car was fine. The front wing was safe, it was not broken off. Think back to Jeddah last year, Lewis Hamilton won the race without half a front wing, which I think is correct you know. Let us race if we can.” READ MORE: Toto Wolff shares why Hamilton and Russell relationship may change Magnussen was asked if he’d try to seek answers from the FIA over the incident. But he implied the rules have become stricter this year. “I don’t know,” said the Dane. “Feels suddenly very different. Monaco they don't start us because it starts drizzling. Here I'm called in because I have a scratch on my front wing.” Magnussen and his Haas team-mate Mick Schumacher endured a miserable afternoon in north America as neither were able to finish among the points, despite starting the race in fifth and sixth respectively. Magnussen’s enforced pit stop all but ended his hopes of securing a top 10 finish, while Schumacher’s race finished on lap 20 when his power unit failed. DON'T MISS Oh s***' - Lewis Hamilton narrowly avoids falling off car in F1 gaffe [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton 'ecstatic' as Brit fires warning to Max Verstappen  [ANALYSIS]George Russell accused of 'making a little point' to Lewis Hamilton [COMMENT]  The race was ultimately won by Max Verstappen, who got the better of Ferrari ace Carlos Sainz to stretch his lead at the top of the drivers’ standings. Verstappen has now won six of the opening nine Grands Prix and is a staggering 46 points clear at the top of the Drivers’ Championship standings. His Red Bull team-mate Sergio Perez is in second place, while Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc is in third. Magnussen, meanwhile, is 12th after accumulating 15 points this season. 