Officers from the British Transport Police were called to reports of a "casualty on the tracks" on the Slough line at around 3.30pm today. Emergency services including paramedics rushed to the scene but the individual was pronounced dead at the scene. Great Western Railway and Elizabeth Line services were cancelled or delayed as a result of the incident. Transport for London advised passengers they could use their train tickets on London and other local buses between Hayes & Harlington and Reading at no extra cost. A British Transport Police spokesperson said: "Officers were called to the line in Slough shortly after 3.30pm following reports of a casualty on the tracks. "Paramedics also attended; however, sadly, a person has been pronounced dead at the scene." Train strikes LIVE: Lynch humiliated as new poll shows RMT shooting themselves in foot They added: "Officers are now working to identify the person and inform their family. "The incident is not being treated as suspicious and a file will be prepared for the coroner." A National Rail spokesperson said: "A person has been hit by a train between London Paddington and Reading. "Whilst emergency services attend to the incident, trains between these stations may be cancelled, delayed or revised." The disruption of railway services lasted for more than two hours until shortly before 6pm. The incident came on the first day of a nationwide rail strike – the country's biggest for 30 years. Staff responsible for train lines and infrastructure across the UK walked out today, with further action planned on Thursday and Saturday, over concerns about proposed redundancies and calls for a pay hike of at least seven percent and concerns With thousands of services cancelled, passengers were forced to seek alternative means of transport. The RMT said the turnout of strikers has been "fantastic and exceeded expectations", with General Secretary Mick Lynch saying members are "leading the way" for workers who are "sick and tired of having their pay and conditions slashed". He wrote in a statement: "Now is the time to stand up and fight for every single railway worker in this dispute that we will win." However, a YouGov poll showed the strikes had little impact on travel throughout the day, with only 18 percent of those surveyed saying their journeys were impacted. Less than four in ten or 37 percent are supportive of the rail transport workers striking, of which 65 percent are Labour voters. The study also revealed that 60 percent of Brits are opposed to getting rid of manned ticket offices at railway stations.