Bethany (played by Lucy Fallon) left the cobbles two years ago after her relationship with Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard) broke down. She was last seen gearing up to move to London to follow her ambitions of becoming a journalist. As the daughter of Coronation Street favourite Sarah Platt (Tina O'Brien), Bethany is still mentioned in the ITV soap quite often. Could she make a comeback as her close friend Craig breaks up with Faye Windass (Ellie Leach)? Colson admitted he is eager to see Lucy make a Coronation Street comeback. At the 2022 British Soap Awards, the actor reflected: "She's one of my best mates now and we get on so well." He added: "Working with her is like working with Lisa [George] and Ellie [Leach] – we always support each other. "Craig and Bethany were a great duo and Lucy's a brilliant person to have around." Speaking to Digital Spy, he added: "Everyone would be very happy if she came back." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Triple exit for beloved villagers in tragedy Lucy recently said herself she wouldn't rule out a soap return. Speaking to Talks with Ryan, the actress stated: "I would but there are so many things I want to do first. "When you're in Corrie, you're quite tied down to the schedule. "I feel I'm going to take this time focus on myself, doing s***I want to do." However, she added: "Never say never. I didn't leave for any particular reason."  And Colson isn't the only former co-star who wants to see Bethany back. The actress who plays Sarah, Tina, spoke recently with Express.co.uk and other media about her character's latest storyline and she addressed whether Bethany would ever return. She remarked: "I am still in touch with Lucy, yes. I think she's been busy with some lovely jobs elsewhere. "On a selfish level, I would love her to come back. I really miss that dynamic [between Sarah and Bethany]. DON'T MISS... Antiques Roadshow guest gobsmacked by valuation of fashion collection [VIDEO]Bing Crosby unveiled truth about rumoured Sinatra feud before death [LATEST]Roo Irvine opens up on biggest challenge of new Bargain Hunt role [VIDEO] "I miss those mother-daughter scenes we used to do. I loved working with her and she was just a joy to work with," Tina continued. "We used to spend so much time together so I would love [her to come back]," the actress added and with the door being left open for Bethany to return in the future, there is the possibility she could reappear at any time." With her former co-stars certainly keen to see Bethany back on the cobbles, could the youngster soon return? All of Bethany's family remain on the Street, so she could easily slip back into Weatherfield life. With Craig and Faye trying to adjust to the sad news Faye is going through early menopause, they could use the distraction of having their old friend back. Bethany had a brief romance with Craig, although they eventually realised they were better off as friends. With Colson keen for Bethany to come back though, could their character's short-lived romance be explored again? Craig and Faye have been happy together for a while, but as they continue to be faced with new challenges, from Faye's prison sentence to her current diagnosis, they might face a rough patch. If Bethany makes a surprise return, Craig's old feelings for his friend might be sparked again. Will he have an affair with his old friend if she does come back? Perhaps she could come back with a slightly different attitude, happy to stir up trouble in Weatherfield. Will Faye and Bethany go from friends to arch-enemies? With the Platt family remaining a firm favourite family, it would make sense for Bethany to return. Coronation Street continues on Monday at 7pm on ITV.