Emma Raducanu retired just seven games into her Nottingham Open first-round against Viktorija Golubic. The pair broke each other to start the match before the Brit held for 2-1 but had the trainer out in the very first changeover, taking a time out to receive treatment for what appeared to be an abdominal issue but she eventually retired after 33 minutes. With Wimbledon just three weeks away, it raises concern over whether the 19-year-old will be fit enough to play. Raducanu is playing at the tournament she made her WTA Tour debut at 12 months ago, returning as the world No 11 and US Open champion. The second seed is facing Golubic in her opening round and was broken immediately in the match but managed to break back, though appeared to be clutching her left side in pain mid-rally. The 19-year-old then received treatment at the very first changeover just 14 minutes into the match, while holding a 2-1 lead on serve. The Brit appeared to take painkillers before being treated on a towel on the court for what looked to be a problem with her left abdomen. She continued playing on and managed to break her Swiss opponent for a 3-1 lead but subsquently lost the next three games in a row to trail by a break at 3-4. And Raducanu continued to receive treatment from the physio in the alloted changeover times. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal makes Daniil Medvedev Russia claim amid Wimbledon ban  After receiving her third round of treatment in the allotted changeover time, the world No 11 spoke with the umpire and officially retired the match, shaking hands with Golubic and leaving the court. It means the world No 55 is through to the second round where she will face another Brit in Heather Watson. Golubic said post-match: "I'm kind of shocked a little bit. I'm still in my match focus bubble. I didn't expect this to happen. I feel very sorry for Emma, I was looking forward to a really tough challenge. "This centre court is so beautiful, I really wanted to stay on it. Unfortunately it had to end like that. It's not a nice way to end [for Emma]. Hopefully she recovers. DON'T MISSRafael Nadal 'understands' Wimbledon ban as he explains ATP responseZverev 'to miss Wimbledon' as timeline for French Open injury emergesNadal fears surge as expert casts doubt over 'extreme' treatment plan  "I love to play here and the grass season is my favourite season. I love to play in the UK as well. Looking forward I think in my next round I'll have a Brit as well, I think it's Heather Watson. "That will be another challenge. I love it that there's so many people out here supporting. Obviously they need to support the British players but I feel like the crowd has always been very respectful. It's very nice to have the fans here and to play." Raducanu's current schedule has her down to play at the Birmingham Classic which begins next Monday though it is unclear if she will be fit to enough to return to the court as early as then. Her home Grand Slam, Wimbledon, gets underway on June 27.