Petrol prices reached a new high of £2 per litre at service stations in Wales last week with Carmarthenshire's Pont Abraham services and Swansea West services on the M4 both breaking the barrier. Petrol prices have hit new record highs every day for the last month, according to the The average petrol price is now 186.59p per litre with diesel at 192.48p. The RAC reports that the cost to fill a family car is around £103 for petrol and £106 for diesel. RAC fuel spokesman Simon Williams said: “New records in the average price of petrol have been set every day for the last month, with a litre rising 21p, which has added more than £11 to a tank.” He added that wholesale diesel prices indicate that diesel could hit “a previously unthinkable average of £2 a litre”, and that “unfortunately, it has already crossed this threshold at motorway services”. In a series of polls relating to the rising fuel prices, Express.co.uk asked readers opinions on whether they would consider giving up their car and if they would be willing to buy an electric vehicle.  In one poll that ran from midday on Wednesday, June 8, to 2pm on Wednesday, June 15, Express.co.uk asked: “Will you consider giving up your car as petrol hits £2 a litre?” A total of 2,541 people responded with the vast majority – 77 percent (1,955 people) – answering “no”, they would not consider giving up their car as a result of rising fuel prices. A further 19 percent (490 people) said “yes”, while four percent (96 people) said they did not know either way. In order to meet net-zero targets the UK Government has committed to phasing out the sale of new petrol and diesel vehicles by 2030. There are thought to be 456,000 fully-electric cars on the UK’s roads and a further 348,00 vehicles that can drive some distance in electric mode with zero emissions. In another poll, Express.co.uk asked: “Would you buy an electric vehicle as petrol prices soar?” Overall, 2,575 people cast their votes with a strong 88 percent (2,273 people) answering “no”, they would not buy an electric vehicle. Just 10 percent (269 people) responded “yes”, they would and a further two percent (33 people) said they did not know either way. Dozens of comments were left on both the accompanying articles with readers sharing their views on rising fuel prices and electric vehicles. One reader, username scorpio123 said: “I will never give up my car, no matter what.” And username Rosepetal said: “If you live in a rural area a car is a necessity not a luxury.” Others agreed that they were dependent upon their vehicles and would continue to use them regardless of fuel prices. Username Bygeorge said: “How can we give up a car, we live in a village with the nearest town ten miles away, and no buses, a car is a very expensive necessity.” Username TVOReason said: “Virtually no bus service or any other transport links and I don’t even live in the country just on the outskirts of a town.” DON'T MISSDrivers urged to use little-known button in car to help reduce fuel consumption [ADVICE]Drivers make a common mistakes that wastes fuel - 'Don't do it so often!' [WARNING]Electric car grants scrapped as petrol prices reach new high [LATEST]  However, others have had to give up their vehicles as a result of fuel prices with username Lordh writing: “We’ve had no choice.” While username britishpassport said: “No. Just use it more 'sparingly'.” Many readers agreed that they would not be purchasing an electric vehicle with username Gm371 commenting: “No chance at all.” Another, username Sunflower said: “I'll keep the car I have in good working order for as long as I can.” And username Ddickie said: “Electric Vehicles  are still far too expensive and their mileage too limited.” Meanwhile, username Albino wrote: “Reduce the price of Electric Vehicles and I'll think about it.”