The Prime Minister said he "thought about" the standing down admitting that the so-called Partygate saga had been "a totally miserable experience". However, he concluded: "I just cannot see how actually it'd be responsible right now". Britain is suffering from the highest inflation in 40 years and living standards face the biggest drop since the mid-1950s. At the same time, the UK is leading the international response to talking Vladimir Putin for his invasion of Ukraine. "I think that on why am I still here, I'm still here because we've got huge pressures economically, we've got to get on, you know, we've got the biggest war in Europe for 80 years, and we've got a massive agenda to deliver which I was elected to deliver," Mr Johnson said in an interview with Mumsnet when discussing the possibility of resigning. "I've thought about all these questions a lot, as you can imagine, and I just cannot see how actually it'd be responsible right now - given everything that is going on." POLL: Are the Tories mad to trigger no-confidence vote against Boris?  Tory MPs have lined up to criticise the Prime Minister in the wake of the Sue Gray report into rule-breaking gatherings in Downing Street during the pandemic. The senior civil servant's investigation found examples of staff having thrown up, wine being split up the walls, and cleaners and security staff being subjected to "a lack of respect" during the illegal parties. She also criticised a lack of leadership inside No10. Mr Johnson said after the report was published that he took full responsibility for culture in Downing Street and also apologised in April after being given a £50 fixed penalty notice (FPN) by police for breaching Covid regulations during the pandemic. He was fined by the Scotland Yard after attending a surprise gathering of a few colleagues on his birthday in June 2020 in-between work meetings. Reiterating his apology today, he added: "If people look at the event in question it felt to me like a work event, I was there for a very short period of time in the Cabinet Office at my desk and, you know, I was very, very surprised and taken aback to get an FPN but of course I paid it." DON'T MISS:Boris Johnson 'personally calling MPs' for support amid calls to quit [INSIGHT]David Davis forecasts Boris Johnson out by autumn amid growing fury [WATCH]'Unacceptable failings!' Leading Brexiteer Leadsom turns on Boris [REACTION]  More than two dozen Conservative MPs have publicly called on the Prime Minister to resign following the Sue Gray report. A number of backbenchers have also submitted letters of no confidence in his leadership. If 54 Tory MPs send in letters to the chairman of the party's 1922 committee, Sir Graham Brady, a vote on Mr Johnson's future must be held. Critics have accused the Prime Minister of "unacceptable failings" and warned "criticism, revelations and questions" about his conduct are "debilitating" the Government.   Told today that Partygate had led to a loss of trust among voters, Mr Johnson replied: "Let's see about that and, yeah, I'm not going to deny the whole thing hasn't been a totally miserable experience for people in government and we've got to learn from it and understand the mistakes we made and we've got to move forward." Backing up his boss, Deputy Prime Minister Dominic this morning insisted questions around whether Mr Johnson broke the rules for ministers "have been answered". The Justice Secretary said he does not believe the Prime Minister will face a confidence vote next week, as the prospect of a leadership challenge loomed. He said speculation over the matter is "yet more Westminster talking to itself" and thinks "the vast majority of MPs respect, recognise and agree with that". 