A fan shared the side-by-side images on Twitter, showing one-year-old Lilibet and her mum Meghan at the same age. The two images show the striking resemblance the pair share, with the youngster showcasing her big brown eyes and adorable up-turned nose.  Fans have said she looks the spitting image of the Duchess of Sussex, 40. But Lilibet has also taken after her dad Prince Harry with her bright red hair. The fan who spotted the similarities wrote: “MEGHAN & LILI when they were one year old." And other royal fans were quick to pick up on the similarities, as they gushed over the two images.  One wrote: "You're right, other than Harry's red hair she looks like Meghan. She won this round." Another praised: "They're both too freaking cute. And their mamas are just gorgeous too." A third commented: "She got both her parents' face... So cute!" Lilibet turned one over the Platinum Jubilee last weekend, with the Queen meeting the youngster for the first time on her birthday, Saturday June 4. READ MORE: Queen kept ‘wonderful’ secret from family for Jubilee  Prince Harry and Meghan caused controversy when they named their daughter Lilibet, a nickname used for the Queen, after reports suggested they did not ask Her Majesty’s permission. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex returned to the UK to celebrate the Queen’s 70 years on the throne, before heading back to California following the four-day celebrations last weekend. The couple moved back to the US after stepping down from their positions as senior royals in March 2020, and welcomed little Lilibet into the world last year. Young Archie also returned to the UK with his parents and sister, but the children were not seen at any of the events over the weekend.  DON'T MISS:Smart meter CHAOS as Britons billed for usage outside of their homes [INSIGHT]Appleby Horse Fair horror: Police face off against mob [PICTURES]Smoke rises from Smurfit Kappa plant as tons of cardboard on fire [VIDEO] It comes as an image of Lilibet celebrating her birthday alongside her makeup-free mum was released. Fans were quick to gush over the picture, complimenting Meghan’s “natural make-up free” look. The couple held a picnic for their daughter’s birthday, featuring a two-tier birthday cake. Prince William and Kate were unable to make the occasion due to prior commitments. 