The benefits cap has remained the same since 2013, despite soaring energy bills and rising inflation. Now a charity is calling for the benefit cap to be axed because the cost of living crisis means many Britons who rely on Universal Credit are struggling to make ends meet. Over 120,000 households are already affected by the benefits cap which limits how much benefits individuals, couples and families can claim. A further 35,000 are expected to fall into the bracket this year leading campaigners to call on the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to abolish it. Alison Graham, from the Child Poverty Action Group (CPAG) said: "The cost of living crisis shows that the benefit cap is broken, and needs to go. "It has always forced families to live on much less than they need, but as prices spiral the effects are brutal and more than 300,000 children are among its casualties." READ MORE: Inheritance tax warning: How to avoid overpaying as Brits lose £100k The charity said the cap should be abolished given the cost of living crisis. Ms Graham added: "In his cost-of-living support package the Chancellor recognised that families subject to the cap face the same cost pressures as everybody else. "By the same logic, the cap must be removed to help the worst off families stay afloat. "Next April’s uprating must be available to every family on benefits, as a bare minimum layer of protection against dramatically higher living costs." DON'T MISSRetirement and me: Mum torn between 'selling house or pension early' [INSIGHT]State pension could be slashed long term due to a key July change [WARNING]Barclays is closing 15 more branches - full list of closures [ALERT]Inheritance tax warning as you may have to sell family home fast [WARNING]  Some 5.8 million Britons rely on Universal Credit either because they are out of work or to top up a low income. The limits have not increased since the benefits cap was first introduced in 2013, despite rising inflation. The benefit cap is set at £20,000 a year for families, rising to £23,000 a year in London. Individuals can earn £13,400 a year or £15,410 if they live in the capital. READ MORE: Universal Credit recipients to get £650 - date of first payment   The Child Poverty Action Group (CPAG) has said a further 35,000 Britons will fall under the benefit cap in the coming year, limiting the amount they can get. There are some exemptions when the benefit cap does not apply, for example if claimants are entitled to tax credits. A Government spokesperson said: “The benefit cap, up to the equivalent salary of £24,000, balances fairness for taxpayers with providing a vital safety net. “We keep the cap under review and any revision would align with the timing of decisions on uprating benefits, with changes taking effect the following April. “We understand that people are struggling with rising prices which is why we have acted to protect the 8 million most vulnerable families through at least £1,200 of direct payments this year. "All households will receive the £400 energy payments, 80 percent will get a £150 Council Tax rebate and those on the lowest income will get £650 in Cost of Living Payments – none of these payments count towards the benefit cap.”  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Approximately eight million Britons on the lowest incomes will receive the first instalment of their £650 Cost of Living payment from the Government in a few weeks. The first £326 will start to land in people’s bank accounts from July 14 - although it'll be later for people on tax credits. The second instalment of the £650 promised to those on the lowest incomes will come in the Autumn, and winter for tax credit recipients. In addition to this £650, everyone will receive £400 to help with the cost of living. Britons should start to receive this discount on their energy bills from October. An additional £150 comes in the form of a Council Tax discount which has already been paid to millions of families depending on where they live. Separate one-off payments of £300 will be made to pensioner households during the colder months to help with heating costs.