Lemon juice has been linked to a long list of health benefits, improving everything from the appearance of skin to the body’s digestive process. While this naturally sour liquid is not the most palatable of flavours, diluting it in a glass of water or even just squeezing it over fresh salads can have a significant effect over time. Here are five of the most significant ways drinking more lemon juice can positively impact your body. Adding fresh lemon juice to water and warm drinks has been practised for centuries, and is one of the safest natural health hacks to try at home. Using the flesh of this yellow citrus fruit for better digestion is just one way to cleanse your body without processed supplements, but why does it work so well? According to Dr Amy Lee, Head of Nutrition for Nucific, gastrointestinal health relates to the elimination and also the overall inflammatory status of the body. She said: “Good gut health is also a reflection of a good gut microbiome as well, which we know plays a role in how we feel on a daily basis.” The high concentration of vitamin C in the pulp of the fruit is a key player when it comes to digestion, as the antioxidants protects the cells against free radicals, which work to reduce inflammation. READ MORE: Hair loss: 'Hair-care' habits ‘responsible’ for permanent hair loss Kidney stones are painful and unpleasant, but they are easily prevented in most cases. In fact, the juice of a fresh lemon can help to prevent the internal build-up of calcium, which would otherwise lead to kidney stones. This works by raising citrate levels in the urine which bind to the calcium deposits and stop kidney stones from forming in the first place. According to the National Kidney Foundation, lemonade made with real lemon juice is one of the best drinks to prevent this unpleasant condition, though water should always be used to keep you hydrated. Staying hydrated isn’t always easy if you’re not a fan of plain water, but sugary alternatives like squash and juice can be problematic for several reasons. Dr Lee said: “Most importantly of all, lemon juice is a tasty way to increase your daily hydration. “And if you swap out sugar-filled or not-so-healthy juices and sweetened drinks with a cup of lemon-infused water, you could see an even more significant potential effect on your overall health.” While the sour taste may not be to your liking at first, making it part of your daily routine will quickly get you used to the refreshing flavour. The NHS recommended drinking 6-8 glasses of fluid, ideally water, a day. This guideline is especially important during hot weather and while exercising. DON'T MISS:Skincare myths debunked: Why you should NEVER use toothpaste on skin [REVEAL]Best way to make avocado last longer ‘life-changing’ coconut oil trick [INSIGHT]Many Brits could be missing a simple diet switch to improve health [ANALYSIS] Some evidence has linked vitamin C, also known as ascorbic acid to improvements in the condition of the skin. Flavonoids, which are protective compounds found in citrus fruit, are also beneficial to our complexion as they help the body produce collagen. This naturally occurring substance is responsible for protecting the elasticity and integrity of the skin, stimulating anti-aging processes and preventing premature skin ageing. What’s more, this antioxidant-rich juice can help to flush out the toxins in your body by enhancing enzyme function and stimulating your liver, which plays a vital role in the appearance of your skin. When the body is well-hydrated, it can affect the level of satiety and feeling of fullness. Sometimes, when the body is dehydrated or depleted, the sensation we perceive as hunger could actually be a craving for essential fluids. For those who act on grabbing a snack versus a sip of water, they’ll end up taking in more calories and therefore find it harder to lose weight. Dr Lee added: “70 percent of our body is made up of water, and so are the muscles that metabolise fuel. “Being well-hydrated can help optimise the way the body burns calories.”