Peter, the Queen's eldest grandchild, took part in the first carriage procession at Royal Ascot since 2019. And he led the spectacle from the first carriage, sharing it with Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. Peter, who has been often described as the Queen's favourite grandchild, donned a dark grey suit and a top hat, matching the one worn by his uncle, the Prince of Wales. Camilla, on the other hand, donned a turquoise dress, accessorised with a hat with floral decorations. Peter's mother Princess Anne was also part of the procession, albeit in the third carriage. She was joined by Lord de Mauley, the Queen's Master of the Horse, William Nunneley and Caroline Nunneley, one of Anne's Ladies-in-Waiting. The second carriage was occupied by four cousins of Her Majesty - the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester and Prince and Princess Michael of Kent. Finally, the procession included a fourth carriage, occupied by the Earl and Countess of Hopetoun, Tom Hopper and Princess Diana's goddaughter Lady Alexandra Hopper. The carriages passed in front of the racecourse's Parade Ring, where racegoers have been gathering since noon. Among the members of the Firm also in attendance were Sophie, Countess of Wessex, Princess Beatrice and her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. Beatrice is a major fan of Ascot and is likely to return to the racecourse on more than one occasion over the next days. This means her fans will have the chance to see her and Edoardo parading through the racecourse on a carriage. The Queen won't attend the races today but royal sources said she is keen to watch some of her runners hitting the racecourse this week, leading to think she may step out of her residence over the coming days. READ MORE: Queen 'laying the groundwork' ahead of next reign to smooth transition However, they suggested Her Majesty would not take part in the carriage procession but, rather, she would arrive by car. The monarch, known for her love for horseracing, penned a heartfelt message for racegoers, released in the Royal Ascot's programme. In it, she stressed how this year represents a return to normality at the racecourse, after the Covid pandemic forced its organisers to hold the races behind closed doors in 2020 and with social distancing rules in place last year. She said: "I am delighted to welcome you to the first Royal Ascot with a full attendance since 2019. "After the challenges of recent times, this year's Royal Meeting provides a long-awaited opportunity for supporters of racing from all over the world to come together for five days of outstanding sport. "Once again, it is thrilling that horses from around the globe have travelled to Royal Ascot to compete at the highest level." The Queen then mentioned her Platinum Jubilee and the tribute paid to her by the Racecourse to mark this extraordinary year. She said: "I have been most grateful for the continued kindness shown to me by the racing community. "In my Platinum Jubilee year, I was interested to learn that in support of The Queen's Green Canopy initiative, Ascot Racecourse and the Crown Estate have planted 70 oak trees in Windsor Great Park, each of which is linked to a local school. "I hope you all have an enjoyable and memorable time, and I wish connections of the horses running this week the very best of luck." In previous years, the monarch attended all the five days of races at Ascot. In 2021, she was present only on its final day, when she was spotted with her racing manager John Warren. Given her episodic mobility issues, it is unlikely the sovereign's presence will be announced ahead of time, to give the Queen enough wiggle room to pull out of the event if she doesn't feel up for it.