Mystery-comedy series Only Murders in the Building hit Hulu back in 2021 and became a critical success, following a trio of neighbours who started a true-crime podcast following the death of one of their fellow apartment dwellers. The show was swiftly greenlit for another outing but how many instalments will there be this time around? Express.co.uk has the lowdown on the brand-new series which comes to Disney Plus in the UK. Season one of Only Murders in the Building consisted of 10 episodes, which aired weekly on Hulu. The second series is going to be following suit with another 10 instalments airing on Hulu in America and Disney+ in the UK. Season two will follow a similar broadcast pattern with Disney+ dropping the first two episodes from the new series on Tuesday, June 28. Episodes will be landing on the streaming platform on a weekly basis thereafter rather than a mass drop. Here is the episode release schedule for Only Murders in the Building season 2 Season two will pick up the story from the cliffhanger at the end of the first outing, which saw the trio discover it was Jan Bellows (played by Amy Ryan) who murdered Tim Kono (Julian Cihi). Bassoonist Jan was dating Charles-Haden Savage (Steve Martin) but just as the first murder case was cracked, another one was afoot. In the closing moments of season one, the Arconia’s board president Bunny Fogler (Jayne Houdyshell) was found dead by Charles and Oliver Putnam (Martin Short). Bunny had been tragically stabbed to death with one of Mabel Mora’s (Selena Gomez) knitting needles. Before the trio had time to re-group, a SWAT team swooped in and apprehended a blood-soaked Mabel, along with Charles and Oliver. The central trio are now wrongly accused of murder and will be trying to clear their names and find out who framed them. In another twist in the tale, they now become the subject of a rival true-crime podcast as well as contending with their New York neighbours who think they’ve committed the murder. Season two is confirmed to be featuring Oscar winner Shirley MacLaine, Zoe Colletti, Andrea Martin, Michael Rapaport, and Amy Schumer. British model and actress Cara Delevingne will be playing new character Alice, who is Mabel’s love interest. Reflecting on her character, Gomez told The Hollywood Reporter: “I would say I relate to Mabel in the sense that I can be a little lonely sometimes, and I tend to have friends that are a bit older, and I love hanging out with my mom, so I’m very much that kind of person. And so I feel Mabel.” Season one of Only Murders in the Building became one of the most-watched comedy premieres on Hulu after becoming a word-of-mouth hit. Gomez bagged a People’s Choice Award for the first series, while Only Murders in the Building was nominated for Golden Globes, Peabody Awards, Screen Actors Guild Awards, and Satellite Awards, among many other accolades. DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast host worries fans after rush to hospital [VIEWER REACTION]Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret [ANALYSIS]A Place in the Sun fans slam pair for rejecting 'dream' Danni find [VIDEO] Season two is already getting positive ratings with Rotten Tomatoes giving the series a 100 percent fresh rating, while Metacritic gave the new series a 77/100 rating. Speaking about the secret behind the success of Only Murders in the House, actor Short told Deadline: “Steve and I have a long history and Selena is a brilliant addition to the show, but then what fuels it is this compelling whodunit. “You have the two going on at the same time and then you add the obsession with podcasts. “I think all the stars lined up in the right direction to make this something that people wanted to see, and enjoyed seeing, and kept wanting to see, for the comedy and also the mystery of it.” Only Murders in the Building launches on Disney+ on June 28