As she later wrote in her journal: “The streets, the windows, the roofs of the houses were one mass of beaming faces, and the cheers never ceased”. The souvenir salesman ended up beaming, too, as did the publicans as they were allowed to keep the beer flowing until 2.30am over this specially-declared public holiday to celebrate the royal jubilee. That wasn’t this week, but 125 years ago. Queen Victoria’s diamond jubilee was a fitting celebration for what had been an extraordinary 60 years. Britain was unrecognisable from the country which existed when she took the throne. Railways now criss-crossed the land. Factories pumped out a wealth of goods which would have been unimaginable a few decades earlier. Sanitation had improved beyond all measure, and with it life expectancy. We love to moan about our everyday lives but, if we could only bring ourselves to see it, we would appreciate the second Elizabethan age is just as worthy of celebration now as the Victorian age was in 1897. Like then, living standards have improved out of all recognition. In the 1950s, 70 years was longer than the lifetime of most Britons – life expectancy then was 69.2 years. Now, most of us can hope to live for substantially longer than the present Queen’s reign – life expectancy has increased to 81.2 years. It is easy to look at the delays and cancellations at airports this week and despair, yet we shouldn’t forget that at the start of the Queen’s reign foreign holidays were the preserve of a wealthy few. We are all worried about the cost of living, yet a Rip Van Winkle figure who had just woken up after 70 years would be astonished that so many people can afford to run a car, that so many of us have central heating rather than a polluting coal fire, that we have such a rich choice of food in the shops. As for our electronic goods, they would be beyond belief. It is true that Britain is no longer the global super power it was in 1897, when Queen Victoria had 450 million subjects around the world. But surely the way that the Empire was dismantled – much of it during Elizabeth II’s reign – is something to be celebrated. I don’t think many people really pine for the days when we were trying to run half the world from Whitehall. Britain has set country after country off on its own path, many of them with the benefit of democratic institutions inherited from or inspired by Britain. Likewise, our soft power has never been so influential. It was Britain which first saw Ukraine needed military aid to repel the Russian invasion; which is always nearly first on the scene in the aftermath of natural disasters; which leads the world in global trade. What does it say about modern Britain that so many former colonies have remained as members of the Common-wealth? Just imagine former Soviet states voluntarily joining a supra-national body headed by Russia. Britain has remained such an influence on the world in part because of our political stability. And nothing symbolises that more than the Crown, and the Queen herself. There are very serious advantages in having a head of state who does not wield political power and whose day-to-day job is keeping here-today, gone-tomorrow politicians in their place. Compared with previous jubilees, British republicans seem to be in retreat. They must surely have realised they are out of step with the national mood, which is to celebrate Elizabeth II and her reign. The country is not with the republicans, and never will be in wanting to eliminate a harmless constitutional monarchy. That would only change if we ended up with a king or queen who attempted to act outside their powers. And that will not happen if we have monarchs who follow the impeccable example of the Queen in keeping her head above politics. There will always be some party-poopers, of course. There are plenty to be found on the sewer that is Twitter. But for the most part, Britain is in a celebratory mood. After two dark years of global pandemic, we naturally want to get out and meet people again. And there is no better way to do that than to honour our 96- year-old monarch through an age which has seen many troubles, but at the same time has been mostly peaceful and which has brought us unprecedented enrichment to our lives.