Prince William attended Ludgrove School and Eton College, both boarding schools, between the ages of eight to 18. William's eldest son, Prince George is now eight-years-old and the young royal and his younger sister, Princess Charlotte currently attend Thomas Battersea Prep School. But with the family's potential move to Windsor, the Cambridge children could break the royal tradition of attending boarding school. Former Press Secretary to the Queen, Dickie Arbiter, spoke to host Kate Thornton on the Royal Beat about the William and Kate's children's schooling arrangements. Mr Arbiter said: "Being close by the children's school means that they probably won't have to board. "Although, boarding's no bad thing." He added: "[but] they won't have to board, they'll probably live at home". The Queen's former Press Secretary said: "It will be good as they will be close to the Queen. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry offered 'big pay deal' for Jubilee interview "They'll be close to his [William's in-law and Kate's parents], the Middletons, at Bucklebury. "They'll be close to London, when the need arises to go back to work." The Cambridge family currently reside at Kensington Palace. In Windsor, William and Kate are expected to move to Adelaide Cottage, a property on the Queen’s Windsor estate. READ MORE: Mike Tindall opens up on 'lovely' family weekend as he and Zara had double celebration A royal insider told the Daily Mail that the couple’s decision was also due to William’s increasing number of royal responsibilities, as well as his desire to spend more time with the Queen. Despite the move, the couple will reportedly keep their Kensington Palace residence as a London base, and will also continue to use their Norfolk home, Anmer Hall. Royal expert Duncan Larcombe has previously stated that the Queen and Kate have a “fantastic relationship". DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan stuck in 'stalemate' with royals [INSIGHT]Meghan's comments on Kate 'really damaging' for Harry and William [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry 'thinking of relinquishing title' - claim [VIDEO] He said: “Kate strikes that balance between bowing to her as head of the royal family in public but being able to check in with her as the great-grandmother to her children.” The Sunday Times royal editor Roya Nikkhah has previously stated that Prince George and Princess Charlotte will leave their London prep school, Thomas’s Battersea, at the summer term, and will reportedly move to a school near Windsor. It is also expected that their younger brother, four-year-old Prince Louis, will also eventually start at the chosen school with them. READ NEXT: