At London's Clapham Junction, commuters took long detours to get around the industrial action - while many hopped on bikes instead. One wannabe passenger there, Jack Pook, from Winchester, described the strikes as "very stressful" as he waited to board a train home after spending the night in hospital. Mr Pook, a family support officer, was still wearing pyjamas when he returned to the station after previously collapsing on the platform on his first attempt to get home. He said the experience has been "humiliating, stressful, but strangers have been really kind to me." Signmaker Lee Grout, 40, said he was travelling from East Croydon to South Acton via Richmond adding: "Bit of a pain really. I was trying to get a cab but they are too expensive." Barber George Vlad, 26, said: "I work for the customers. This is annoying for everybody because we all want to arrive on time." Sally Georgiou, 34, who works in manufacturing, said today was only her second day back after a two-week bout of Covid. She said: "Normally I work at 7.30am but today there are no trains in Southfields. I will arrive one hour and a half late." Susan Millson, 69, of Clapham, south-west London, described the strikes which had forced her to cancel a trip to East Grinstead, West Sussex, to see her sister for the day, as "outrageous" and "awful." She said there was no point in trying to make alternative arrangements for today, as there is bound to be a "knock-on effect." One healthcare support worker in North London was an hour and a half late for work. David Raposo Buzon shared footage on Twitter of long queues for a bus on his commute, posting: "My patients and co-workers are still waiting for me. We are not allowed to strike. And my salary is totally worse than those striking. The country needs a change." A usually busy London Euston was almost empty at morning rush-hour, with just a tiny fraction of the usual crowds in the famous station lobby. At King's Cross, the public had a better chance of hopping on the Hogwarts Express at platform 9 & 3/4 than get on the pitiful handful of trains due to depart for Leeds, Peterborough, Stevenage, Cambridge and Edinburgh. For those trying to get into the capital by road, the A40 in the west was bumper to bumper. Glasgow Central is Scotland's busiest rail station but boasted a very limited service. ScotRail, although not involved in the strike, is able to run only 10 per cent of its trains due to a reliance on Network Rail staff. In Cornwall, Alanna Wills owns Buffers Coffee Shop at St Austell station, and said she would be closing early and not opening at all on Saturday. She said she understood why workers were striking, but added: "We still have to pay rent to be here, so we're paying and we can't even open." At Coventry station, passengers had only seven trains to choose from between 6-10am compared with 47 in the same period on Monday. Debbie Hayton, a science teacher said students in the middle of their GCSEs were facing "massive" disruption. She said: "You can't use the rail strike as an excuse not to come in. If you do not come into school for an exam, you fail that exam." At Northampton station, passenger Charlie Billingham said he was trying to get to London Euston and expected it to take a "couple of hours" to get to work, adding of the strikers: "There's a lot of other people that are struggling more than them so a lot of it is about the strength of the union." In Surrey, John Kelly's Ritual Coffee cafe at Farncombe station would normally be with 200 commuters getting a daily pre-work caffeine fix - but yesterday was deserted. Swindon train station only had three trains an hour coming and going. And commuters were nowhere to be seen at Bournemouth railway station, with only three taxis optimistically waiting for customers. Cabbie Abdelkader Hamdi said: "The cost-of-living crisis is affecting everyone, I understand. This will have an impact on my income." One passenger called Eliza at Southampton Central said of railway workers: "I know they are probably overworked and underpaid, just like us, but it's a bit frustrating and just makes getting to work much more difficult and my day much longer." At Preston station in Lancashire, Ian Baillie described the situation as "grim" as he attempted to make the journey to Liverpool, explaining: "This journey will now take over two hours. Normally it would only take 50 minutes." Over at Liverpool Lime Street, frustrated commuters faced similar struggles as an RMT picket set up outside. Manchester Piccadilly boasted more pigeons than passengers with shutters firmly down and destination boards blank. John Jeffery, 32, a retail worker, said: "I've had to cancel my shift tonight which means I've lost a day's pay which is very frustrating." Andy and Hannah Walton, in their 40s, said: "The strike has really impacted our holiday. We're flying from Manchester to Prague and we had to come up from Stoke last night and stay in a hotel." At Birmingham New Street, Michael Green, 46, said he feels for people on both sides of the rail row. Mr Green remarked: "It is quite annoying. I can imagine people have been negatively affected by all of this." Ian Blackmore, 56, from Wolverhampton, also travels to Birmingham daily for work, but is less supportive of the strikes. He said: "I think it's completely ridiculous that they're striking. They're just holding the country to ransom."