Staff said the strict “no-contact” rule will also bar youngsters from carrying each other during playtime and even holding a place in the queue for their friends at lunch. Other prohibitions include the overcrowding of benches, toy fighting and the hurling of objects. Bosses at Mossley Hollins High School in Tameside, Greater Manchester said the rule revealed in its newsletter was aimed at making pupils “good citizens” and encouraging them to have “mutual respect.” They said: “No student should ever be touching another student.” But parents accused the 854-pupil co-educational school – rated as outstanding in a 2014 Ofsted inspection – of turning its children into robots. Katie Teasdale posted on Facebook: “Physical contact is such a big part of peer relationships like hugs when upset or celebrating, holding hands with best friends and high fives. “This may have been put in place as part of a safeguarding measure to stop unwanted physical contact but that should be dealt with on a case-by-case basis, not a blanket rule across the school.” Matthew Nicholls said: “Complete failure to understand human needs and behaviour. It’s like these people aren’t really human and don’t understand social interaction.” David Mayor said: “Under these rules children will grow up with a distinct lack of drive and a lack of interaction and confrontational skills. “The school yard is usually better for this sort of thing than karate classes. I wonder what the punishments are for disobeying these rules.” In its announcement, the school said: “To further improve our school culture, there is now a no contact rule in place. This means no student should ever be touching another student. “No carrying of other students, cuddling, or play fighting will be tolerated.” It added: “This rule has been introduced to ensure everyone feels safe in school, has a supportive environment in and out of lessons.” Under the heading “What does no contact actually mean for our students?” it said there should “no toy fighting or rough play”. They added: “Never push or pull others. Keep your hands and feet to yourself. Physical contact and verbal abuse to others are not permitted. “No jumping on each other, cuddling and no carrying of each other. No throwing of any objects. No holding places or jumping in line when queuing for lunch. Sit properly on benches and do not overcrowd.”