Strictly Come Dancing has never stopped appealing to viewers as it airs each winter, with the glamorous costumes and classy feel captivating fans of the BBC competition. Another element of the show that also has tongues wagging is the "curse" of Strictly. The theory comes from the fact that several couples have split after one of them takes part in the show because the routines see the dancing pairs becoming close and intimate, with reported affairs being closely tied with the competition. Presenter Claudia Winkleman opened up on this and confessed she knows quickly which couples will fall victim to the annual controversial romance. "The couple I knew had got together were Ben Cohen and Kristina Rihanoff," the 50-year-old admitted. Speaking on Thursday's instalment of The Lateish Show with Mo Gilligan on Channel 4, she added she can be “leaky” when it comes to keeping secrets about the famous dancefloor. And it seems romantic goings-on aren't the only thing she struggles to remain silent about. Mo also asked the presenter if any couples had ever won a series without deserving to. READ MORE: Blue Bloods exit: Why did Amy Carlson leave NBC drama as Linda Reagan? According to Birmingham Live, she answered, "No," but couldn't help adding, with a laugh: "I will tell you after." Ever since the BBC staple first aired in 2004, rumours swirl each year about the "Strictly Come Dancing curse". Last year, two couples hit the rumour mill - Adam Peaty and Katya Jones made headlines following a steamy dance, while speculation about AJ Odudu and Kai Widdrington remained throughout the competition. AJ and Kai were both single, so the speculation didn't cause much controversy, and it seems the two have remained friends. Ben and Kristina added fuel to the fire in 2014 when the two entered into a relationship following their pairing on the show. Ben was married at the time to Abby Cohen, and the two had been together for 23 years. But they weren't the first relationship affected by the show, the history of which is littered with torn-apart couples. In 2018, Stacey Dooley broke up with her partner after getting close with and Kevin Clifton on the show. The pair began dating and are still together. In 2015, Coronation Street star Georgia May Foote began dating Giovanni Pernice after splitting from her boyfriend. DON'T MISS... A Place in the Sun fans slam pair for rejecting 'dream' Danni find [VIDEO]Great British Sewing Bee fans outraged over semi-final twist [REACTION]Rowan Atkinson savages iconic Mr Bean role 'Nasty piece of work' [LATEST] Rachel Riley and Pasha Kovalev also became romantically involved following their partnership. Rachel confirmed that she and her husband were getting a divorce in 2013. She and Pasha have been together since and have welcomed two children together. With many other examples of the curse, it's not surprising speculation grows each year. During the last series, ITV host Lorraine Kelly asked judge Shirley Ballas about it. She probed: "Now look, in the papers, Shirley, I'm just wondering if you're being sort of 'Auntie Shirley' with all of this - the romances. What's going on? Everybody's having a very nice time." Laughing, Shirley replied: "Romancing and dancing and things, I don't really know what's going on, to be honest. "You know, it's not my place to say who's what where or when so."