Vendors in Whitby Market Place, in Yorkshire, decided to take matters into their own hands and set up shop around the illegally parked car so that they could carry on with business as usual. The car appears to have been parked up on Thursday night and it wasn't until Saturday lunchtime that the owner is believed to have finally collected it - with what is believed to have been three parking tickets attached to it. Don Greenwood, who lives in an apartment overlooking Whitby's Market Place, said the parking around the area is 'a nightmare at the best of times', but this was something else. He said it clearly states there it is pedestrian and no parking is allowed. He told Teesside Live: "It is clearly marked, there are two big signs. Apparently, when the owner did return, he said he didn't realise it would cause so much disruption." The owner of The Old Silver Grid cafe pays to set up tables in the area and the market traders also pay to sell goods from there on certain days, so not to lose out on business they just set up around the offending vehicle. Don added: "There were a lot of people finding it very amusing." However, he said on a serious note he felt sorry for the business owners because they are trying to get back on their feet following the Covid lockdown and things like this don't help. He said: "I personally think it should have been towed away after they didn't comply with the first ticket."  People on social media also shared their disbelief at the actions of the careless Audi owner. One person wrote: "An Audi driver. What a surprise. They are as selfish and arrogant as BMW drivers." Another wrote that it "should have been towed", to which someone replied: "Should have been crushed." One user also sarcastically posted: "Didn’t he have his 'park anywhere hazard lights' on? That gives Audi and BMW drivers the right to park where they want." Whilst another user saw the chance to make a pun: "Audi even get there?! I'm here all week" followed by a laughing emoji. 