Camilla, 74, arrived alongside Prince Charles choosing to wear an all ivory and gold embroidered coat dress by Fiona Clare and hat by Philip Treacy. The elegant outfit includes embroidery detail down the sleeves and cuffs, and along the collar and shoulder line, opting to hold a matching pair of gloves and a clutch bag. Looking in great spirits, the mother-of-two accessorised with a stunning wide brim hat and finished off her look with golden high heels and timeless pearl earrings. The blonde royal wore her hair in her trademark bold and bouncy bouffant that looked expertly coiffed. Natural makeup highlighted her lovely features. Walking up the central aisle of St Paul's Cathedral. Camilla nodded and smiled at those she passed, alongside Prince Charles, and a few steps behind Kate and William. With the Queen missing, Charles and Camilla were seated prominently with Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge sitting next to them, and seated next to them were Princess Anne and her husband Sir Timothy Laurence. Royal enthusiasts took to social media to share their thoughts on her outfit. READ MORE: Camilla intervenes to position Charles in best spot next to Queen @CathyMcCluuoch said: “I do think that Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall is incredible. Huge fan.” @Geotravel wrote: “Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall look radiant. Wish Queen Elizabeth could attend.” @Tilly5001 commented: “Wow! What a lovely image.” Prince Charles and Camilla's official Instagram page, Clarence House, shared a select few photos of the day yesterday, as well as photos from the Coronation day in 1953. They wrote: “On this day 69 years ago, a young Prince Charles joined his mother, the new Queen Elizabeth II on the balcony of Buckingham Palace following her Coronation. 'Today, members of the The Royal Family watched a special flypast by the Royal Air Force from the balcony of Buckingham Palace. DON'T MISS:Britons slam 'disgraceful' Archbishop suggestion to forgive Andrew [COMMENT]Zara Tindall stays fit with 'extensive gym' installed at home - diet [EXERCISE]Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie wow in deep contrasting colours today [LATEST] “More than 70 aircraft participated, including the world-famous Red Arrows and the Royal Air Force Battle of Britain Memorial Flight.” Yesterday Camilla was driven down the Mall in her carriage, sitting alongside Duchess of Cambridge and children Prince George, Prince Louis and Princess Charlotte, wearing her favourite Bruce Oldfield striped blue outfit, pearl necklace and earrings and a blue Philip Treacy hat, looking graceful and relaxed. Roads around St Paul's Cathedral today turned red, white and blue as the second day of Jubilee celebrations started this morning. Fans draped in Union Jack flags spent the early hours of the morning jostling for the best position to catch a first glimpse of royals arriving for today's Thanksgiving service. The Queen has “reluctantly” had to pull out of the festivities after feeling “discomfort” at yesterday's Trooping the Colour, while her disgraced son, the Duke of York, will also be absent after “testing positive for Covid”. The Archbishop of Canterbury has also tested positive for Covid-19 and will too miss the event, with the Archbishop of York, the Most Revd Stephen Cottrell, giving the sermon instead. Super fans camped out overnight to secure the best possible vantage point for today's ceremony, with the streets bursting with colour and national pride. The Bishop of London, Rt Hon Dame Sarah Mullay told BBC Breakfast she is “excited” ahead of the thanksgiving service, in which she will be leading the blessing - but admitted she was nervous about the ceremonial regalia she needs to wear. “It's a coat called the George V coat. It's quite an old coat, which is a cape and it sits on me, but of course it was designed for men because I'm the first woman who happens to be the Bishop of London,” she said. “So, it doesn't sit quite as well on me, so I'm slightly nervous.” She said that Her Majesty's Christian faith has “always shaped her” and she feels privileged to play a part in the service and “give thanks” to The Queen for her service to the country. Meanwhile the Dean of St Paul's has said today's service represents the nation “picking up the baton” from The Queen as a thank you for her years of service. The Very Revd Dr David Ison told BBC Breakfast: “I think, for me, what this service is about, is saying not only thank you, but also we are picking up the baton of what The Queen has done. We ourselves are committing to how we can make the world a better place.” He said of the service: “I always get nervous. You can't help it because you want it to go well and therefore you're nervous to make sure it does goes well and worried about what might go wrong.”