Spanish Newspaper El Pais El has reported that Marid is hoping to supply Ukraine with 40 decommissioned "Leopard 2" tanks, a German-made weapon, as well as ground-based air defence missiles. Spanish Defence Minister Margarita Robles chose not to confirm or deny this report on Monday, calling the situation an "extremely delicate issue" that requires the "utmost discretion". This is likely because Russian President Vladimir Putin threatened “hostile” countries that send weapons to Ukraine with retaliation on Sunday. But an obstacle stands in Spain’s way, as the move could require the approval of the German Government, sparking fears that Chancellor Olaf Scholz could torpedo the deal. This is something the CDU/CSU, Germany’s centre-right Christian-democratic political alliance of two political parties, has warned against. Johann Wadephul, the parliamentary group’s vice-president, said: "If Spain wants to deliver 'Leopard 2s', the German government must make it possible quickly.” But when German weapons are sold, there is what is known as an end-use clause. This is where the buyer needs Germany's Federal Government's approval before handing over the weapons at a later date. And as Germany has some legal authority over resales or donations of arms to third parties, that means restrictions often also apply to jointly manufactured war material too. While Germany has sent light weapons to Ukraine, it is reportedly yet to deliver a single heavy weapon to the country. Although Berlin has now pledged to send heavy weapons, it has also been shady in revealing its weapons delivery list when asked by members of the SPD parliamentary group. READ MORE: How the UK, US and their allies could respond to a nuclear attack For instance, Kaweh Mansoori, an SPD member of parliament from Frankfurt, had asked to look at the Bundestag’s weapons list, but was denied access. Former Hessian Juso leader told Der Spiegel: "The fact that in such a situation not all members of the Bundestag can get an insight into what is being delivered to Ukraine - that is simply not on.” While Mr Scholz is now planning to send four US-made Mars II rocket launchers from the stocks of Germany’s armed forces, it came after much pressure from the US Government, according to a Der Spiegel investigation into German arms deliveries. Berlin also pledged to send Gepard tanks after coming under intense scrutiny, Der Spiegel reports. But these tanks are set to be sent over to Ukraine in July at the earliest. DON'T MISS Octopus Energy throws UK energy crisis lifeline with plan for NO BILLS [INSIGHT] Brexit fury: Boris 'stormed out of meeting with EU' [REVEAL] UK to deny EU £15bn with ’bigger, better’ ’Plan B‘ after snub [REPORT] SPD Defence Minister Christine Lambrecht said: "This is exactly what Ukraine needs now to secure the airspace." Mr Wadephul told German outlet Augsburger Allgemeine: "Germany is letting Ukraine down every day that heavy weapons do not arrive there.” He added: "The chancellor must finally explain his real agenda: Is he intimidated by Putin's threats, or does he consciously want his partial success? "In Madrid, the seriousness of the situation has been more clearly recognised than in Berlin - a devastating realisation.”  Back in February, in a major shift, the German Government pledged to send 1,000 anti-tank weapons and 500 Stinger anti-aircraft defence systems to Ukraine. A Government spokesperson had claimed the weapons would be delivered “as soon as possible.” It came after Ukrainian officials unleashed fury at Berlin for its refusal to permit weapons shipments while Putin continued to wreak havoc with his invasion. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg.