Emily Thornberry has been slamming the Government's scheme over its efficacy, insisting moving illegal migrants to Rwanda for processing and resettling would not solve the issue. The Shadow Attorney-General was questioned on how the Labour Party would then address the problem of illegal immigration after she once again criticised the current Government strategy. Speaking to Good Morning Britain, Ms Thornberry said Labour would simply resume its cooperation with France despite years of clashes with Paris over the handling of boats leaving the French coast to cross the Channel into England. London has been at loggerheads with the Elysee for years, claiming the French Government has failed to respect pacts on stopping departures despite the UK forking out millions for the help. GMB presenter Adil Ray said: "What would Labour do to sort out what is described as a migrant crisis of people coming on boats from Calais? What would Labour do to stop that?" Ms Thornberry said: "The first thing we'd do is work with the French. "We'd work with the French in how it is we challenge these criminal gangs that are putting people onto boats. JUST IN: 'It's an empty threat' Sefcovic squirms after Rigby exposes EU's trade war plans "We would work with the French – Priti Patel has not relationship with the French, as far as I can see. She's not able to work with them. "And we would also be looking upstream on how people get to the situation in which they do, we need to be able to work with that." The Labour frontbencher continued: "We would also need to be making much more timely decisions about asylum. "I had somebody come to my office a couple of days ago who had fled the war in Eritrea with his wife and two children, he's been here since 2018, he's been waiting four years for a decision to be made on whether he's not claiming asylum rightly and he's had no decision made. READ MORE: Emily Thornberry sparks GMB 'switch off' as fans fume over one-sided interview: 'Pathetic' "Understandably, he's desperate and extremely stressed." She was also challenged on why her leader Keir Starmer failed to question Boris Johnson on the cancellation of the first flight headed for Rwanda during their weekly PMQs clash. The Government was handed an injunction from the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) grounding the flight, with the Home Office forced to cancel it. Ms Thornberry insisted illegal immigration is an important issue Labour wants to tackle but the ongoing cost of living crisis remains the party's main priority. DON'T MISS: The European Court of Human Rights blocked the flight too Rwanda [REPORT]GMB row erupts as Adil Ray argues with guest over refugee treatment [REPORT]Peston: Labour MP slams Rwanda policy ‘shambles’ [REPORT] Business minister Paul Scully has defended Boris Johnson claiming that lawyers attempting to block the Rwanda scheme are "abetting" criminal gangs, agreeing this would be the "net result" of their work. When asked about lawyers receiving death threats following the Prime Minister's comment, Mr Scully told Times Radio: "I don't recognise the link between the two to be fair. "Because I think in terms of the situation in Rwanda there has always been a number of lines of appeals to block and to divert removals in any given situation - not just in Rwanda, but we've seen in other countries as well. "We want to put in a robust system that actually works because people time and time again at the ballot box have always said that mass migration in this way needs to be tackled. "We feel that we've done it in a fair way and in a reasonable way, and no court as yet has ruled that Rwanda deal unlawful." When asked whether the Prime Minister's comment was appropriate, Mr Scully said: "I think the net result is that if we are blocking measures to tackle the situation in the Channel, then invariably, human traffickers will continue to apply their hideous trade and push people onto small dinghies and risking their lives."