Initially, the news circulated in the media that the video, which listed five things named after the monarch, was falsely presenting Princess Elisabeth Antarctica Research Station as named after Queen Elizabeth II. But in fact, the South Pole facility is named after Belgium’s heir to the throne, Princess Elisabeth, 20, as Daily Express’ Hickey column explained. “The clue’s in the detail - the Queen is Elizabeth with a Z not an S. Oops,” the column read. While Daily Express’ royal correspondent, Richard Palmer, commented: “Call this waffle, if you like, but I think it had Belgians choking on their moules-frites.” English-language Belgian magazine The Brussels Times also reported on the embarrassing mistake, calling out Palace officials. An article about the video read: “Given that the Belgian base on Antarctica was opened in 2009 and is clearly named after Princess Elisabeth, this is a strange mistake to make given that the British monarch had already been a queen – not a princess – for over 50 years.” But, subsequently, Belgian TV highlighted a second mistake royal officials made in the video. As VRT, the national public-service broadcaster for the Flemish Community of Belgium, exposed, the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham is named after the Queen Mother, not Queen Elizabeth II. Finally, a third of the five things listed in the video, was Royal Navy’s aircraft carrier HMS Queen Elizabeth, which was also mistakenly presented as being named after the Queen. But Mr Palmer explained on Twitter it’s actually named after a First World War dreadnought battleship, in turn named after Elizabeth I. Therefore, three out of the five things listed in the video released by the Palace were wrong. The video was posted on Twitter by the official account of the Royal Family during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. A caption read: “For 70 years The Queen has been at the centre of our culture, much imitated, but never bettered. “In today’s video, we look at the face which has launched ships, adorned billions of coins and banknotes, inspired works of art and more…” Multiple Twitter users replied to the post joking about the inaccuracy of the facts. @WannesDemarcke said: “Don't try to claim our polar base, named after our princess, as one named after your Queen…”