Mr Schwarzenegger discussed how Western countries were contributing to Russian President Vladimir Putin's regime. The former actor-turned-politician explained how European countries had sent Russia up to 44b Euros for fuel in the first two months of the invasion. The war in Ukraine has been ongoing for over three months now, and Western political heads have been trying to financially sanction Russia in order to stop the conflict.  Mr Schwarzenegger slammed the West and claimed they had blood on their hands for continuing to buy gas. Speaking at the 2022 Austrian World Summit, he said; "And speaking of war, how many wars are caused or funded by our antiquated energy policies? "I mean just look at the tragedy of Ukraine, we are horrified by the images that we see in the news every night, but let's be honest, be honest with ourselves here. "The 1,300 missiles that Russia launched into Ukraine's cities during the first two months of the war, cost 7.7b Euros, now that's a lot. "But during that same time, Europe sent to Russia 44b Euros for fuel, so of course, the Russians are upset that they're losing all their soldiers and they're losing so much of their equipment. JUST IN: Have Your Say: Does Boris even care about Brexit or is he just trying to save his job? "And the tanks and the planes and all of this stuff, but they're saying, hey at least we don't have to pay for this war. Mr Schwarzenegger added: "The Europeans are sending us the money, they're paying for the war, no matter how you look at it, we have blood on our hands. "Because we are financing the war, we have to stop lying to ourselves, right now we have all the technology we need to leave fossil fuels in the past. "We have a moral obligation to use this technology, we owe it to have millions of... To breathe around the world, we owe it to the Ukrainian children growing up in bomb shelters. "We owe it to ourselves, we must do whatever it takes to eliminate our addiction to fossil fuels. we must be part of the solution not part of the problem.  READ MORE:Cash-strapped families to get £60 vouchers for Tesco, Asda, Aldi and more     "Failure is no option here my friend's technology can be our saviour." Foreign Secretary Liz Truss has been imposing sanctions on Russia since the beginning of the invasion. Many Western political figures believe one of the best ways to stop Russian President Vladimir Putin from funding his invasion, is by boycotting his oil and gas altogether. Many Western countries have seen dramatic increases in energy prices, and petrol prices have continued to skyrocket in Britain due to the Government's decision to wean itself off Russian energy. Ms Truss said: "Doing business with Putin’s regime is morally bankrupt and helps fund a war machine that is causing untold suffering across Ukraine. Cutting Russia’s access to British services will put more pressure on the Kremlin and ultimately help ensure Putin fails in Ukraine." One of Putin's most wanted, American-British financier Bill Browder has been actively calling for the West to do more, as he believes Western sanctions on oil and gas do not go far enough to really affect Putin financially. Mr Browder told the Express: "Well we haven't done enough on financial sanctions, the purpose of financial sanctions is to stop Putin's ability to fight this war. "In other words, if he has no money he can't fund an invasion, at the moment he's got a lot of money coming in, Mainly through the sale of oil and gas, to western Europe. Mr Browder added: "He gets a billion dollars a day from Germany, Italy, and other countries, and a war costs him a billion dollars a day, and so at the moment, he's not suffering, financially. "We have to make him suffer financially if there's any probability that he then scales back the war."  