People close to Villarreal star Pau Torres are saying a move to Manchester United is gathering speed, it has been claimed. The Spain international was on Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s radar 12 months ago. However, the Red Devils ended up recruiting Raphael Varane instead. Manchester United have reportedly reignited their interest in Torres as the opening of the summer transfer window edges closer. And journalist Dean Jones, speaking to GiveMeSport, has now claimed Torres insiders are saying a move to Old Trafford is ‘close’. “I think, from what I understand, a lot of people close to Pau Torres do see this deal as one that is still gathering pace,” he said. “People close to the player say it is close and Villarreal think there’s a good chance it will happen.” United eyed Torres a year ago. However, they ended up not landing the Spain international - with Varane arriving from Real Madrid instead. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings With United apparently edging closer to signing Torres, that would spell trouble for Harry Maguire. The England international was recently given a vote of confidence by Ten Hag, who said he was part of his plans. But if United sign Torres, it’s feasible the Villarreal star will partner up with Varane at centre-back. That would mean Maguire, despite currently being captain, having to accept a place on the bench. The Red Devils have struggled to sign players from the La Liga side in the past. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Under Sir Alex Ferguson, United tried to land Marcos Senna - but could never bring him to Old Trafford. And it was a similar story with Juan Roman Riquelme, who was admired by the Scot during his time in the dugout. Torres, meanwhile, was recently quizzed on links to the Premier League. As well as United, Tottenham have also been mooted as potential suitors for the centre-back. And Torres was coy on his future, saying: ”I have the peace of mind of being where they want me, where I have a valid contract and a renewal offer. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “The future will tell what happens but I am very calm, I do not look further and it is time to disconnect. “It has been two years very good at Villarreal, we have competed with the best at European level which is what every player wants. “And if, in addition, you do it in your town's team, it's bigger.” Torres then added: "It's something I've always talked about with the president, that different situations could arise. “The club loves me and I am very grateful. I know that I can stay here for many more years because the affection is mutual. “We'll see what we decide.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here However, Torres did also suggest he’d be open to staying at Villarreal and becoming their record-appearance holder. "Everything is possible and I don't rule anything out,” he said. “The other day was the act in which Bruno, Mario and Manu Trigueros remembered the 400 games with the club. “These are challenges that one day appear out there, to be the one with the most games one day in the club. “They are very difficult decisions, there is nothing. There is no decision made. “The only offer I have today is the renewal with Villarreal. I know they love me here and they love me a lot."