Prince William and his younger brother, Prince Harry, will reunite for the first time in nearly a year today. They will both attend Queen Elizabeth II’s annual birthday parade — Trooping the Colour — to kick off the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, although Harry will not take a place among working members of the Royal Family on the balcony. The brothers are understood to have not seen each other since July last year, when they unveiled a statue in tribute to their late mother, Diana, Princess of Wales. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** They were once extremely close, united by a unique upbringing and shared tragedy, but in recent years, an undeniable rift has surfaced causing the princes to drift apart. Reports have suggested that the rift began when the Duke of Sussex’s relationship with former actress Meghan Markle started to get serious, with William allegedly voicing concerns over the pace of the relationship. However, Ken Wharfe, a former bodyguard to Diana, recalled some early warning signs of troubles to come for the boys — one destined to be King, the other in his shadow. He recalled a time when the brothers were travelling with their mother and began bickering in the back of the car. READ MORE: Queen’s Platinum Jubilee weekend marked with exciting ‘rare occurrence Diana finally snapped and said they’d have to turn the car around and go back to Kensington Palace if they didn’t stop. Harry, undeterred, snapped at William: “I don’t care what you do! “I’m not going to be king so I will be able to do whatever I like!” Mr Wharfe said: “All the adults in the car looked at each other and thought, where the hell did that come from? “There was a sense that from a very young age Harry thought he could do whatever he wanted, while his brother had to shoulder all the responsibility.” Harry has had more freedom than William, the latter bound by his duty and role as the future King of Britain. This was arguably most evident when Harry announced that he and Meghan would be stepping down from their roles as senior working royals in 2020. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex relocated to the US, where they now reside with their two children. During their bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021, Harry said his reasons for leaving the Royal Family were “a lack of support and lack of understanding”. He also touched on the experiences of his mother as being a contributing factor to his decision to leave royal life. However, authors of ‘Finding Freedom’, Omid Scobie and Carolyn Durand, have since claimed that the rift between the so-called “Fab Four” also played a part in the Sussexes’ shock exit. Mr Scobie and Ms Durand revealed Meghan and Harry were jealous of Prince William and his wife, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, always being the priority. In their book, they wrote: “As their popularity had grown, so did Harry and Meghan’s difficulty in understanding why so few inside the palace were looking out for their interests. “They were a major draw for the Royal Family… Instead they had to take a backseat. “Sometimes they would be told that their projects had to wait when the Prince of Wales or Prince William had an initiative or tour being announced at the same time.“ Now, two years after the Sussexes’ departure, it appears William and Harry are looking to repair their fractured relationship. The Daily Mirror reported that the brothers have been healing their feud with weekly online messages and video calls ahead of the Queen’s Jubilee. A source said: “The brothers needed time for everything to settle down. "The family, including William, had been disappointed in the way Harry and Meghan chose to leave the Royal Family. “But now there is a strong feeling that what happened is in the past and that they have moved on. “Prince William wanted to embrace Harry and they have been messaging each other every few days. “They’ve also had FaceTime calls with their children, which has allowed them to re-bond.” For the first time, Meghan and Harry are visiting the UK with their children — three-year-old Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana, who turns one on Saturday. It will mark Lilibet’s first introduction to the majority of her royal relatives, including the Queen, whose childhood nickname was the inspiration for the Sussexes’ daughter.  The 96-year-old Sovereign has made it clear she does not want any family tensions to overshadow next weekend’s four-day national celebration, and is reportedly welcoming Meghan and Harry with open arms. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will throw a small birthday party for their daughter on Saturday at Frogmore Cottage — their Windsor home — just a short drive from the monarch’s primary residence. William and Kate are not expected to attend due to prior engagements. 