Queen Letizia of Spain attended the Act of Delivery of the National Flag to the Special Naval War Force in Cartagena, Spain, yesterday. The monarch wore a beautiful sleeveless lace bodycon dress and blue accessories. The dress was designed by Sfera and is the White Lace Bodycon dress. It features small cap shoulders and is midi length, falling below the knee. It is priced at $96.66, or £76.92 and is currently on sale. However, there are no sizes available online. READ MORE: Meghan Markle & Kate Middleton love one 'staple' fashion item To add a pop of colour to her outfit, the Spanish Queen opted for sky blue accessories. She wore a pair of statement earrings; the aquamarine and diamond earrings by Bvlgari. This pair has been in Queen Letizia’s jewellery wardrobe for some time. Her clutch back was a Magrit flap clutch bag in powder blue leather. DON'T MISS...Wetherspoons ex-employee on the menu items you should avoid [INSIDER]Weight loss: Doctor shares ideal eating window to boost weight loss [VIDEO]Best way to store bananas - perfectly yellow and edible for 15 days [HACK] This has been made bespoke to the Queen, and it made its debut last month when the King and Queen of Spain welcome Qatari Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al-Thani and his wife, Sheikha Cevahir bint Hamad bin Suhaim Al-Sani to Madrid. Queen Letizia also opted for the Magrit slingback pumps powder blue leather. Again, bespoke and previously worn with the blue clutch bag. Queen Letizia is known for her impeccable style, and royal fans commented on her most recent outfit online. One said: “This woman knows exactly what looks best on her. That style, slightly flared, mid-length, sleeveless is it! “Her powder blue accessories are so good with the feminine dress. It’s good to see Queen Letizia without a mask!” Another tweeted: “Queen Letizia is petite, yet the dress fits her like a glove.” “Queen Letizia in a lacy white dress,” a third remarked and someone else replied: “Absolutely beautiful.” “I just love Queen Letizia,” a tweet read and someone added: “Me too. She is always so stylish and not afraid to take a chance!” “The whole ensemble- gorgeous,” another added. “Love the dress and especially the shoes,” a fan remarked.