Darwin Nunez's agent has already given his thoughts on his client being compared to Edinson Cavani as Manchester United ramp up their efforts to sign the striker. Erik ten Hag is keen on bolstering his attack in the summer transfer window. United have already been told what to expect from Nunez by his agent as they look to replace Cavani this summer. The veteran star's contract will expire this month and he does not look like he will be renewing. Clubs in South America and Italy are already trying to snap up the former Paris Saint-Germain hitman while the Red Devils are keen on reinforcements. The departure of the 35-year-old will leave United light up front with just Cristiano Ronaldo as a striker. It has led to strong interest in Nunez, who has been lighting up the Primeira Liga and Champions League with Benfica. There is plenty of interest in the Uruguay international, including from the likes of PSG, Chelsea and Liverpool. However, United might consider themselves the favourites - simply because of the exiting Cavani. Many have compared the two strikers, not least because of their nationality but their style of play. Nunez's agent was asked about the comparisons last year and admitted that the duo share several traits but also urged his client to continue his development to truly become Cavani's heir. "They have a lot of things in common. We’re convinced that Darwin is destined for great things," Edgardo Lasalvia said. "The important thing is that he is happy now and wants to repay the trust of Benfica and the affection of the people by winning a title. We’ll discuss the transfer possibilities with the club executives if necessary, as it should be." Benfica consider themselves in a strong position as they brace themselves for bids for Nunez this summer from around the continent. The former Almeira star has a contract until 2025 at the Estadio da Luz. Nevertheless, United are keen on a deal after his goalscoring antics throughout the season where he blew most teams away. The 22-year-old scored 34 times in 41 appearances this season, including six in the Champions League. "Darwin is ready to play for any team on the planet," Lasalvia added. "Various top-level teams have contacted us but, for the moment, he is concentrating on continuing and growing with Benfica and with the Uruguayan national team. This is how important things will come in the future."