Temperatures are forecast to soar this week, with the Met Office predicting highs of 28C in parts of the UK. Most homes in Britain aren’t really built for these temperatures and conservatories in particular, if not the newer models, have a tendency to emulate the heat and stuffiness of that of greenhouses. Fortunately, there are a few tips and tricks to cool down your conservatory amid the stifling heat. Hannah Jackson, spokesperson for ConservatoryBlinds4Less told Express.co.uk: "Conservatories, orangeries and any room with large windows or glass doors suffer from something called a 'greenhouse effect'. "This is when heat essentially radiates into the glass and then diffuses, meaning it cannot escape again. This is why such spaces are prone to overheating, which can make them stifling and in many cases unusable." “Keeping conservatories cool in the summer is an age-old issue - especially those looking to save money now that energy costs are rising. But with temperatures rising and days becoming longer, timing is massively important.” “You need to block out direct sunlight to avoid stifling heat building up - but this doesn’t mean sitting in the dark all day, which would defeat the point of the conservatory.” With this, Ms Jackson offers some advice for those with conservatories, garden rooms and heat-prone kitchens to best keep them cool as we move into the warmer months.  READ MORE: How to sleep in hot weather - 8 ‘quick fixes’ to stay cool at night  Blinds are a great source to not only lock in heat but also to keep heat out. However, it’s important to know how to perfectly utilise blinds to maintain a comfortable temperature. Ms Jackson said: “Make sure you are ‘preempting the sun’ - so to speak. “This means shutting conservatory blinds and curtains before sunlight hits each window directly. So, before you go to bed, shut the blinds on any East-facing windows. “Make sure roof blinds and covers (if you have them) are closed before the midday mark and then shut blinds towards the west before the sun makes its way to the West in the evening.”  Colour scheme is important to consider when carrying out measures to cool down the room. Ms Jackson said: “Believe it or not, the colours you use to decorate your conservatory will also influence how easily you can regulate its temperature and can make a huge difference on how much you’re spending on heating bills over the year. “Darker colours, like black, dark grey and navy blue absorb heat. This means that during periods where light is allowed in, they will become hotter and retain heat throughout the day and into the evening. “If you have lots of soft furnishing, like rugs, throws and cushions in these kinds of colours, you can effectively keep spaces warmer for longer during the winter.” So if you’re hoping to cool down the room, make sure to opt for lighter colours when decorating the conservatory with soft furnishings. DON'T MISS: ‘Best way’ to ‘kill’ fungus gnats on houseplants using kitchen staple [INSIGHT]DIYer transforms drab kitchen into a masterpiece for under £200 [PICTURES]‘Great way’ to make small bathrooms feel ‘bigger and brighter’ [EXPLAINED]     When thinking about your colour scheme, also assess the fabrics you use in your conservatory. Ms Jackson said: “Soft fabrics such as cotton or natural ones like bamboo will keep you cooler when sitting or walking on them. “Whereas leather can often feel sweaty - avoid leather chairs and sofas during hotter days if you can, or, cover them with a light, soft sheet, throw or blanket.” It’s also advised to scale down on the furniture you keep in the room to improve the airflow to cool down the temperature. Opt for lightweight, breathable furniture like Rattan, or remove unnecessary furnishings to help with ventilation.  Plants are not only nice to look at, but they also serve a purpose - to reduce room humidity. Most houseplants gather moisture from the air through the stoma in their leaves. This moisture is then transferred into the xylem, which then travels down to the roots. Ms Jackson said: “Some great examples of conservatory-friendly plants that have great dehumidifying properties include Lapageria, Plumbago, Sarracenia and Hymenocallis.” Happy House Plants also recommend Peace Lily, Orchids, and English Ivy as strong moisture-loving plants.  Apply a conservatory cooling film to the glass to reduce the glare and protect you and the furniture from the warm UV rays. The film reflects the rays away from the conservatory before they can pass through the glass, enabling it to remain at a steady and more pleasant temperature. 