A motorist was left fuming after he left his vehicle in a car park belonging to The Queslett in Streetly near Birmingham and was fined £85. This was despite him enjoying a meal inside the pub. Alex Subway left a strongly-worded review of the pub on Tripadvisor. He said: "Basically popped in for Sunday dinner - 10 days later a Parking Charge £85 - who charges people going to eat a meal to park in a ‘car park' definitely a con going on here." However, the general manager of The Queslett quickly replied with an apology. The manager named Phil said that he would cancel Alex’s fine if he brings the piece of paper to him. READ MORE: Drivers to be fined £160 from today for straying into cycle lanes He said: "Apologies for you feeling upset with a parking fine, if you have not paid the fine please don't and bring that paper fine into us and we can cancel this fine for you. "There are two Vehicle Reg Tablets on entry into the pub for guests to log there reg number all free parking. "There is many reasons for the Parking System in place with Euro Car Parks the supplier, system has been in place for three years now and it help control vehicles parking on our grounds not visiting the pub and illegal activity at night. "Please come back and visit simply pop your reg in the tablet on entry." DON'T MISS Electric car owner makes huge savings on energy bill with clever trick [INSIGHT] Drivers urged to be careful when listening to popular songs [WARNING] Anxiety over driving ranges of EVs is a ‘fading memory’ [REVEAL] However, Alex is not the only driver who was hit with a hefty fine from the pub. There was at least one other incident. Last month, a motorist called Ivor slammed the pub after being sent a fine. He said: "Do not visit this pub or it will cost you £85 to park, no clear signs as you enter car park and no need to punish local punters." READ MORE: Top Gear deliver pizza in a £200,000 Maserati Luckily for Ivan, the management responded again. The response read: "Please do call us on 0121 580 8123 where we will happily cancel your parking fine. "We are unable to do this with no information on an online Tripadvisor review, however, this can be rectified if you contact the pub directly. "If you do pop in again, you can enter your registration into the machine located directly next to the front door, or the one next to the sign as you walk in which says 'please enter your registration'. "However, when our lovely guests do unfortunately receive a fine, we do not hesitate to cancel it so please do get in touch." Express.co.uk has contacted The Queslett for comment. The news comes after a driver refused to pay a £70 fine after claiming that he bought a parking ticket. Neil Dubnyckyj, a carpet shop owner from Scunthorpe, was initially fined £35 after he left his motorhome parked illegally when he visited the East Coast in October 2021 with his grandson. The driver admitted he was wrong but refused to pay the full fine as he already paid £8 for a parking ticket. Instead, Mr Dubnyckyj offered to pay £27. Unfortunately for him, the East Lindsey District Council did not like the idea and doubled the fine to £70. Mr Dubnyckyj then responded to the council saying that he would rather go to jail before paying. The case is ongoing.