Alicia Keys, 41, was among a star-studded list of artists invited to lend their vocals to the Platinum Party at the Palace, held in London last weekend. Yet while the likes of Rod Stewart, who said he regarded the Queen as a "sister", and British Eurovision winner Sam Ryder seemed to fit the bill, some viewers were confused when Alicia belted out 'Empire State Of Mind' at the event, as the song is about New York. "I mean I love Alicia Keys and this song BUT WHAT is an AMERICAN doing at the PLATINUM JUBILEE CONCERT singing about NEW YORK?????" one fan, @Magdalena_0319, tweeted in confusion. She exclaimed that Robbie Williams, Tom Jones, Paul McCartney or even Gary Barlow would have been a better choice than American Alicia. The songstress also took to the stage for soulful renditions of City of Gods, Superwoman and Girl On Fire. However her theme, according to some viewers, didn't "encapsulate our Queen". READ NOW: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning "Call me old fashioned, but why is Alicia Keys singing about NY when she is celebrating the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in LONDON?" concurred @Honestlnjim. "Alicia Keys and New York – my fave song but one that doesn't exactly scream the Queen and jubilee tbf," joked @janemartinson. Meanwhile @bracealmighty exclaimed: "BBC: Have you got any songs that really encapsulate our Queen, that sum up her time on the throne and that really celebrate her 70 years running our country? "ALICIA KEYS: Yep…*plays opening notes to New York*#PlatinumPartyatthePalace."  Alicia's younger son Genesis, who is seven, also appeared on camera during the clip. While the Queen had been keen on a touch of the American Dream, Alicia still referenced England during the concert. "You know, when I’m in London, I feel like I’m home," she told the crowd. "It reminds me so much of New York. I love you London." In the intro to her America-themed song, she urged: "If you believe in hope, this song is for you. "We’re never going to let go of our dream." Meanwhile Alicia wasn't the only one whose appearance at the show was placed under scrutiny. Rod Stewart didn't escape criticism at the Jubilee event either, with viewers denouncing his performance as a "drunk uncle at a wedding act". His rendition of 'Sweet Caroline' attracted derision from some viewers, who claimed the vocals were low quality, "cringeworthy" and "ball-breakingly embarrassing".