John McEnroe has questioned why Rafael Nadal would retire after the French Open final. There have been whispers about Nadal's future throughout the tournament in Paris and McEnroe has heard it could be the 36-year-old's "last match". The Spaniard is aiming to win for the 14th time at Roland Garros. Casper Ruud stands in his way in Sunday's final. Ahead of the match, McEnroe addressed rumours about Nadal. The former American great says no male or female player will ever win as many of one single Grand Slam tournament as Nadal has at the French Open. But he has questioned why he would consider retiring, or even think about sitting out of Wimbledon this summer. McEnroe says he has heard murmurings that the match against Ruud could be the final one of Nadal's career. He said on Eurosport: "This will never, ever, ever happen again in our sport that one male or female player is going to win that many of these events. So enjoy it while we can because he's been giving sort of signs that maybe he isn't going to play anymore, possibly.  "I don't know if that's true but it sounds like conceivably it's going to be his last match. He's talked about not playing Wimbledon - why wouldn't he play Wimbledon if he's won the Australian and the French? "He'd be going for the Grand Slam. So, we'll see." Nadal has an ongoing chronic foot issue called Mueller-Weiss syndrome which led to him missing much of 2021. However, speaking this week, he insisted he did not want this year's tournament to be his last at Roland Garros. Nadal said: "At no time do I want this to seem like a farewell. We will continue working to find solutions to what is happening down with my foot.  "I trust and hope to be able to return. This last year has been difficult. Day to day, with everything that it entails, has been difficult not just because of all the effort but to stay competitive. "And I play to be competitive. It’s what makes me really happy. We will keep thinking about the things we need to improve and the desire is to continue.” Reports from Spain have claimed Nadal will not participate at Wimbledon but his agent Benito Perez-Barbadillo said a decision is yet to be made. He said: "That information from Marca was false. "I spoke to the journalist yesterday after the press conference. They took down the article immediately. Rafa will try everything within the limits to be at Wimbledon.” 