The Duchess spoke with British Vogue at Clarence House in a rare interview where she revealed that she would not be gifting herself ear piercings for the celebration. The Duchess’s 75th year has been one of her busiest with an increase in work, being honoured by the Queen as future Queen Consort, and receiving the Royal Lady of the Order of the Garter. Ahead of her birthday on 17 July, Camilla revealed her discomfort with her age and she told reporters: “You know, my mother died when she was 72, so I’ve outlived my mother, which is quite strange.” Speaking about birthdays in general the Duchess said: “I let them come and go. “I mean I’d be very happy to turn back the clock. “When you get to any big number, whether it’s 30, 50, 70, you think: ‘God, that’s so old.’” Royal birthdays can often be big celebratory affairs, often joint celebrations with many guests, such as the joint 40th birthday party that is planned in the summer for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. However, it seems Camilla will be passing on a big celebration to mark the milestone and it will instead be a rather intimate affair. She said: “There won’t be much celebration. I shall spend it with my family and a few friends.” The Duchess is very much enjoying being a grandmother to the children from her son Tom Parker Bowles and her daughter Laura Lopes from her first marriage. READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry be invited to Balmoral? She said: “The nice thing about being a grandmother is that you can spoil them occasionally, give them more of the things that their parents forbid them to have. “The girls are beginning to get into clothes and make-up and, you know, it’s rather frightening when you see them, coming out with pierced ears and a lot of new make-up and funny-coloured hair and stuff.” With the Duchess famously having un-pierced ears, she has vowed that, despite pressure from her grandchildren, she will not have them pierced any time soon. She stated: “They are not going to be! No, I’m not going to give it to myself for a 75th birthday present. DON'T MISS: Britons back Brexit vote on Northern Ireland Bill ‘sort it out!’ (POLL)Boris Johnson calling a snap General Election would be ‘very unwise’ (INSIGHT)Covid POLL: As cases surge should masks be compulsory inside again? (POLL) “[The grandchildren] will try to persuade me, but nothing’s going to pierce my ears.” Speaking about being in her 70s, Camilla said: “You’ve done what you can. I think you just accept that you are who you are. “You get to be a 75-year-old. “I suppose what I’d think is, ‘I’m quite lucky that I’m still around.’”