 The Cambridge children stole the show during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations earlier his month. From waving from the Buckingham Palace balcony to cheering on performers at the Jubilee Pageant, the young royals’ weekend of public outings gave a glimpse into the future of the British Royal Family. Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge’s three children are set to become central figures within the monarchy.  Now, one royal expert has claimed eight-year-old Prince George, seven-year-old Charlotte and four-year-old Louis are the “model of a very modern monarchy”. Speaking to The Daily Beast after the Platinum Jubilee, Clive Irving, royal expert and author of ‘The Last Queen’, noted the Cambridge children’s involvement in the celebrations. He said: “The Cambridge kids are a model of a very modern monarchy. “They are spontaneous and real as we saw again on Sunday, and are enjoying a quality of parenting that Charles never did, which is part of his problem (although it was a lovely moment when Louis went to sit on his grandpa’s knee).  “If only the Cambridges were, in fact, the next Windsor monarchy, it would be so much more fun and so much more relevant. “It heightened my feeling that the Windsors live in a kind of weird time machine. “Charles is comfortably seated in the eighteenth century, the Queen, as I said, embodies the twentieth century, and the Cambridges are wholly of this time and century. The institution is going to fracture along those lines.” Mr Irving’s comments are reflected in a recent YouGov survey which explored the Royal Family members’ popularity.  Queen Elizabeth II takes the top spot as most popular royal, with William and Kate falling in the second and fourth places respectively. YouGov also found that the British public have significantly more confidence in William than Charles. Seventy-seven percent of the public think the Duke of Cambridge will do a good job as king, compared to 57 percent for the Prince of Wales. It comes as William and Kate are reportedly moving to a home on the Windsor Estate to be closer to the Queen, as William takes on more responsibility within the Royal Family.  They are thought to be hoping to move to four-bed Adelaide Cottage later this summer. With William celebrating his 40th birthday next week, it has been seen as the final move for the family before he will need to take on further duties and eventually the top role. A close aide told the Times last week: “There is a sense of the future accelerating towards him, which is tinged with profound sadness – though he would never say it publicly – because of the implication that his grandmother would no longer be around, the added pressures on his father and his family being under even more scrutiny.” Reports have also suggested that the family of five are relocating for the sake of their children.  George and Charlotte will reportedly leave their school, Thomas’s Battersea, and enrol at a new school near Windsor. By moving out of London, the children will be closer to Kate’s parents in Bucklebury which is 45 minutes away by car and will afford the family a new dynamic and lifestyle. The security of the estate will also give the family, especially the children, an element of freedom and safety that the children do not currently have in the capital city. A friend told The Times: "The reality is they are quite confined in what they can do in London.  "The kids can’t go into the park and kick a football with friends. “Their plan is to be there for the next ten to 15 years and then move to Anmer, which is so special to them."