It is what they want you to think. It is what they will spend their entire lives trying to make you think. Because, in their pea brains, the bloated, unelected, protectionist mob in Brussels are our true leaders. Never mind that most Europeans think the bloc will fall apart in 20 years. Never mind that Covid has shown many EU countries the bloc prevents them from looking after their own national interests. Of course, global inflation, the war in Ukraine and the current cost of living crisis are a gift for Remoaners. “Look what’s happening,” they gloat. “It’s because of Brexit.” And they are being aided in that nonsensical assertion by panicking airline bosses who are screaming that the current chaos is “all down to Brexit,” when its 100 per cent down to their own incompetence for sacking tens of thousands of staff during Covid (whilst trousering millions from Government) and failing to re-hire quickly enough (because they are offering crap money). But Brexit IS working – even the former Chief Brexit negotiator Lord Frost says it is, despite the EU’s best efforts to try to wreck it. With the war in Ukraine and the pandemic, he says it is hard to see what, if any, changes in trade are down to Brexit. But that is not good enough for Remainers who, in tandem with our pro-Brussels Establishment, are forever shouting that everything bad in Britain is down to Brexit. They have to paint it as a disaster so they can try to reverse it. But let us compare the growth of our economy since 2016 to the first quarter of 2022 with Europe’s Big Four using IMF data: UK, 6.8 percent; France, 6.2 percent; Germany, 5.5 percent; Italy, 2.1 percent; and Spain, 5 percent. Not bad for the pathetic little country our unpatriotic Remainers would have you believe Britain now is. Yes, world events have prevented us from moving as quickly as we should have done to capitalise on Brexit but we HAVE done scores of trade deals and more are in the pipeline. And remember, while the EU faffed about during the pandemic, we rolled out a lifesaving vaccine programme. And Brussels’ response to that was to try to restrict vaccines coming into this country – which could ultimately have killed people. While the EU dithered over what to do about Ukraine – we were already in there helping. Again, the EU followed us. And after we took back our sovereignty, last week we saw even that being interfered with by a European court in Strasbourg, where an anonymous judge overturned an order to deport migrants to Rwanda even though British courts had ruled the order was lawful. Hell, even Prince Charles seems to be getting in on “Sabotage Brexit” by calling the Rwanda plan “appalling” – pretty damned insulting to the Rwandan people who he is currently visiting as future head of the Commonwealth. So, what is his plan to beat the traffickers and stop those deadly migrant crossings? Oh, hang on, he has not got one, and Boris was right to rebuke him for his (and others) “condescending attitudes” about a totally revitalised country which is now being called the “Singapore of Africa.” For months Boris has been under the cosh over Partygate which has allowed Remainers to crawl out of the woodwork and re-start their campaign to drag us back into the EU. But Boris has to stop that. His still substantial majority was won on the back of Brexit and he must start maximising its potential and shouting about it from the rooftops. He cannot allow EU cheerleaders to wrongly paint it as a disaster in order to reverse it. If he does, THAT is will do it for him... not Partygate. If there was an Olympic gold medal for guts, Sharron Davies would have one. Despite a vile torrent of death threats and abuse from trans activists she was one of a brave cabal of women who stuck their heads above the parapet and campaigned to have transwomen banned from women’s swimming. Now the sport’s governing body, FINA, has done it. In this woke new world in which we live, gutsy people like Sharron – who put fairness and the greater good above fear of personal attack – are rare. But thank God for them.  The University of East Anglia has issued a so-called trigger warning to students about Saint George slaying the dragon. They were told that the story contains “descriptions of torture and violence”. Who is going to tell the wokey little snowflakes that dragons do not exist and what they are frightened of is a fairy story?  At the Tories’ Summer Party this week, one unnamed donor forked out £120,000 to have dinner with Theresa May, Boris Johnson and David Cameron. As all three hate each other, I would have paid just to sit at the next table in case one of them threw a punch.  Another week, another story about whingeing GPs. This week the Royal College of GPs polled 1,400 of its members and 42 per cent said they would be quitting in the next five years. What is wrong with them? Six out of ten GPs already work just three days a week and, unlike a couple of decades ago, they can choose not to work evenings or weekends. They earn between £90,000 and £150,000 a year (some even more).  Yes, of course they are busy and I have no doubt the job is stressful, but so are the jobs of millions of other people who earn a lot less AND work weekends. What did these doctors expect when they went into the business of saving lives... a relaxing, stress-free nine to five existence? Fergie has had a lot of therapy down the years and it is a wonder none of her therapists have taught her the value of stillness. Especially when it comes to her face. This week she was at a memorial for the Queen’s cousin Lady Elizabeth Anson but, on seeing a camera, her facial expression morphed into that of a clown who had just caught a glimpse of his best mate Coco across the circus ring and was saying an exaggerated Hello. Not a good look at a memorial service.  How in God’s name did EastEnders’ Jessie Wallace get just a slap on the wrist for kneeing a policeman in the privates? The copper, who was trying to arrest the drunken soap star fell to his knees in agony. Had you or I done that we would have been charged and thrown in a cell overnight to calm down.  But Wallace was let off with a “conditional caution”. Really? Is that all assaulting a police officer is worth? Or is there one rule for TV stars and another for the rest of us? Jessie Wallace has twice been suspended from EastEnders for her behaviour. Now aged 50 she is still brawling and screaming in the street. As for gutless EastEnders bosses – well they have copped out too. Their “star” is back on set earning her big fat salary because they clearly think ratings are more important than thuggish behaviour. Rupert Murdoch, 91, and Jerry Hall, 65, have reportedly split after just six years of marriage. Well, who would have thought THAT would not work out? Still, I am sure Jerry will recover. She walked away with a multi-million pound settlement after her 22-year relationship with Mick Jagger. Now with a £14billion fortune, I am sure Rupe, as she calls him, will ensure Jerry has a happy retirement in gratitude for his heady years with the long-legged supermodel. 