Carer’s Allowance claimants are entitled to £69.70 a week, however the Welsh Government is offering more support in light of the cost of living crisis. The UK is experiencing a 40-year inflation rate high of 9.2 percent and energy bills are expected to hit £3,000 in January 2023. In light of this, carers across the country are looking for further assistance and those who live in Wales could be able to get it. Through the Welsh Government, a one-off £500 payment is available for unpaid carers living in the country. To get this support, those who are eligible must have received Carer's Allowance on March 31, 2022. Unpaid carers can claim the £500 payment from their local council which can go towards the extra costs of looking after someone. The payment is being rolled out in recognition of the work carried out by unpaid carers during the pandemic. READ MORE: ‘It’s free money!’ Britons urged to act now to slash tax by thousands  People who are on Carer’s Allowance need to be looking after someone for at least 35 hours a week which means they are more likely to not be in full-time employment and on low income. As of June 2022, 69 percent of eligible unpaid carers in Wales have put in a claim for the £500 payment. With an important deadline on the horizon, Government ministers are urging the remaining unpaid carers to come forward to get this support. Those who are eligible and were claiming Carer’s Allowance on March 31, 2022 have to register with their local authority by July 15 to get the £500.  Julie Morgan, the deputy minister for Social Services, emphasised that this latest support has been done to “recognise the value” of Wales' unpaid carers. Ms Morgan said: “We are immensely proud of our unpaid carers in Wales, many of whom struggle to make time for themselves because of their caring role. “We understand not all unpaid carers will be eligible for this payment, as many are not in receipt of a Carer’s Allowance, and we will continue supporting carers of all ages in every way we can. “During Carers Week I announced the continuation of our successful Carers Support Fund over the next three years. READ MORE: Triple lock reinstated: How much will you get in state pension boost? “I hope this payment of £500 will go some way to easing some of the pressures facing unpaid carers as well as recognising the value of their caring role to Wales’ health and social care system. “I urge anyone who has not applied for their payment to come forward and submit their claim.” It should be noted that applicants will not be eligible if they have an underlying entitlement to Carer's Allowance, but do not get payment as they are claiming another benefit at the same or higher rate. Furthermore, they will be ineligible for the £500 payment if they only receive a carer premium within a means tested benefit. Councils will check with their constituents to see if they are eligible for this latest support payment. The registration process for unpaid carers will close at 5pm on July 15 with all application forms needing to be sent by then. Anyone who is interested in this support can contact their local council via their website, over the phone, or in person. The Welsh Government has confirmed that councils will pay all successful claims by September 30, 2022.