The cake standing at 5feet and 3inches tall was baked by Social Media star Lara Mason who runs the viral TikTok account Lara Cake Anything with 2.7 million followers. Lara previously baked a Corgi cake both in 2011 and again this year for the Jubilee before embarking on what she called her "biggest challenge" of her career.  The sponge that was made with 400 eggs, 20kg of flour and 20kg of butter was baked in an astonishing five days to be served up to players at a Buzz Bingo branch in Birmingham on Tuesday. The cake shows Her Majesty in one of her most recognisable outfits as Monarch with a white dress paired with a blue sash and silver jewels. Fans on TikTok commented saying: "What a lovely tribute to the Queen of 70 years on the throne."  User @WendyV added: "Wow Lara, again a master piece! Stunning!" Another added: "Looks amazing! Well done keep up the good work." Ms Mason said: "This has been my biggest challenge in my career as the Queen is such a recognised and respected figure - I wanted to do her justice." She added: "I've loved recreating her image out of cake and I'm so delighted that Buzz Bingo approached me to help celebrate Her Majesty's Platinum Jubilee. "It's been amazing to see the reaction from players today." READ MORE: Jubilee fury explodes as ex-Labour MP fumes at 'gross' celebrations  The human-sized Victoria sponge is not the only food tribute made to the Queen in honour of her upcoming Platinum Jubilee this weekend. Aside from the lemon and amaretti trifle which won the honour of being the official Platinum Jubilee pudding following a national competition, a burger has also been created in the Queen's honour. Annie's Burger Shack in both Nottingham and Derby specialises in unique burgers and offers a list of 34 options using special ingredients. DON'T MISS: Ukrainian refugee sees looted item on Russian tankUkraine LIVE: Putin chemical plant strike fills city with toxic fumesBrits brace for ‘cool’ week as cloud and rain brings thundery showers  In order to mark the historic date, owner Anmarie Spaziano created a Jubilee burger made by topping the patty with roast beef slices and royal recipe mushroom cream and Balmoral whisky sauce. In a feast fit for royalty, the dish also features a "silver platter" crouton with mini Melton Mowbray pork pie with Colman's mustard, a slice of mature Royal Cathedral cheddar, a coronation chicken ball and an Earl Grey lemon chamomile flower scone with lemon clotted cream, Tiptree rindless marmalade, lemon icing and edible English rose petals to top it off. It appears the normal spread for the Jubilee street parties may carry a more regal and celebratory air this year with unique creations and renditions of old classics across the country. 