Liverpool reportedly discussed the possibility of offloading Takumi Minamino and Kostas Tsimikas to Benfica as part of a deal to sign Darwin Nunez, according to reports in Portugal. The Reds are now close to finalising the blockbuster signing of the Uruguayan international frontman, who is now on the verge of sealing his switch to Anfield in a move worth up to £85million including add-ons. Liverpool arrived at the table earlier in the week and it soon became clear they were serious about signing the 34-goal attacker, who netted twice against the Reds in this season's Champions League. However, reporters that cover Liverpool made it predominately clear that sporting director Julian Ward would not get drawn into a bidding war. Nunez is valued at around £85m by Benfica, who are targeting a record sale as they look to net as much money as possible for their top goalscorer. And according to A Bola (Thursday's print edition), it appears Liverpool originally tried to keep the fee down by including two players in the deal. Benfica are said to have decided they wanted a straight cash package, turning down the chance to sign Minamino and/or Tsimikas in return. Now all indications suggest Liverpool are close to concluding a deal for the 22-year-old after negotiating a proposal worth around £69million up front and £17m in achievable add-ons. The Portuguese club have still been angling to try and get more of the money upfront but Liverpool seem unlikely to budge. Furthermore, Benfica also know that this is a mouthwatering offer - despite declaring there is an unknown club willing to pay more. READ MORELiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meetingLiverpool 'make club-record Darwin Nunez bid' with Jurgen Klopp 'crazy' about transferDarwin Nunez 'picks between Liverpool and Man Utd transfer' during private Benfica talks Even yesterday, Nunez's agent Jorge Mendes was still in discussions with Manchester United. A late push from the Red Devils is still unlikely to throw a spanner in the works though, as Nunez wants Liverpool. Newcastle and Atletico Madrid have also been in the running but neither are able to compete with what Liverpool are offering. Liverpool are unlikely to sell Tsimikas this summer despite reportedly offering him to Benfica. Minamino could yet leave Anfield though and the Reds have set an asking price of £17m. Leeds, Monaco and Wolves are among his potential suitors while AC Milan have shown interest in previous transfer windows. The Japanese international also enjoyed a credible loan spell with Southampton in the second half of the 2020/21 season. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is also free to find a new club this summer with Liverpool expected to demand around £10m.