Westworld is the explosive dystopian drama that has seen humans at war with artificial intelligence over the past few seasons. The Sky and HBO series was last seen in 2020 and fans are desperate to know what's going to happen next and who will star following the epic season three finale. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about the cast of Westworld season four. Dolores was killed off in the gripping final episode of Westworld season three but as hosts and people can be replicated, it doesn't spell the end for actress Evan Rachel Wood just yet. She will be returning as a new character, a writer called Christina and with some copies of Dolores still existing, it could be possible she is going to be brought back to life at some point. Wood's biggest role has been in Westworld, having starred in the drama since 2016. But fans may also recognise her from Profiler, Once and Again, King of California, True Blood, Doll and Em and Kajillionaire.  READ MORE: BBC Breakfast host worries fans after rush to hospital Maeve's story began in the very first series as she was a host, acting as the madam of Sweetwater, the largest town in Westworld. Since then, Maeve has been reprogrammed and is working alongside her fellow rebellions in creating a new world for them all. Line of Duty fans may remember award-winning actress Thandie Newton for her role as villain DCI Roz Huntley in 2017. Her long list of credits includes shows such as Rogue, The Slap, ER, Big Mouth and Human Resources, just to name a few.   Teddy hasn't been seen since season two but will be making a comeback in this latest series. He has died more than 5,700 times but is going to return yet again from the dead so how will he react when he discovers that Dolores has been killed off? Actor James Marsden has starred in a plethora of noteworthy films over the years, including X-Men, The Notebook, Hairspray, Enchanted, The Butler and 27 Dresses. Most recently, he was Stu Redman in the CBS drama The Stand. DON'T MISS...Charlie Stayt issued warning by BBC co-star after Naga Munchetty jibe [WARNING]Doc Martin original cast: Where are the cast now? [CAST]Westworld season 4 release time: When will the Sky drama return? [RELEASE TIME] The Man in Black was a Westworld veteran, having visited the park for more than 30 years. However, in the season three post-finale credits, it is shown that he has been killed and replaced by a host controlled by Halores, a version of Dolores. Some of actor Ed Harris' biggest roles have been in films like The Truman Show, Pollock, Apollo 13 and The Hours. According to his IMDb page, Harris will be starring in a new movie called Get Away If You Can. Bernard came back online in the final post-credit scenes, having been offline for months. So what is this going to mean for him when Westworld returns for its fourth season. Actor Jeffrey Wright has been in The Batman, Green Eggs and Ham, Boardwalk Empire and The Goldfinch. Other cast members include: Charlotte Hale - Tessa Thompson Ashley Stubbs - Luke Hemsworth Caleb Nichols - Aaron Paul Clementine Pennyfeather - Angela Sarafyan Westworld season 4 premieres on Sunday, June 26, on HBO and HBO Max in America and Monday, June 27, on Sky Atlantic and NOW in the UK.