Experts from jewellery retailer Abbott Lyon have shared quick and cheap hacks for cleaning jewellery from the comfort of your own home. There are simple ways to clean jewellery using natural products already found in most households. Jasmin Stanbridge, lead product designer at Abbott Lyon, has shared her perfect guide on how to clean your jewellery pieces. Her first method was by using dish soap. She said: “If your gold-plated jewellery has lost some of its original luxe colour and shine, a gentle clean with soap and water will help to bring it back to life. “Mix a mild liquid soap with warm water in a bowl to create a foamy solution. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'bulletproof' smile drops with Kate & Will - pictures “Place the jewellery in the water and leave it to soak. “Take the jewellery out of the water after several minutes and use a soft cloth to rub the items, making sure you wipe all surface areas. “If the jewellery has lots of small details or engravings, you can use a soft-bristled toothbrush to give any hard-to-reach areas a good clean. “Once the dirt has been removed, rinse the items clean in warm water.”  Before the piece is ready to be worn again, wipe it with a lint-free cloth, making sure it is dry. Another method is to use baking soda. Jasmin said: “If your jewellery needs an extra deep clean, you can use the baking soda method. “Line a glass bowl with aluminium foil, making sure that the shiny side of the foil faces upwards. “Add one tablespoon of baking soda and one tablespoon of salt to the bowl, and cover with enough hot water that the powders dissolve and there is enough of the mix to fully submerge your jewellery. “Add your gold plated jewellery to the solution and leave to soak for several minutes. “You might notice black and yellow flakes floating away from the jewellery – don’t worry, this is the sulphur, which is attracted to the aluminium and will float towards it. “Once you can see that most of the tarnished areas have vanished, remove the jewellery from the bowl and rub clean with a lint free cloth. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Rinse the jewellery in warm running water and dry thoroughly again with a lint-free cloth, it will be as good as new.” Baking soda and salt is a combination many cleaning enthusiasts use to clean various surfaces and objects around the home. They are two very handy ingredients to have in the house. The above methods can also be used to clean silver jewellery. In between deep cleans, Jasmin recommended regularly buffing your jewellery with a cloth “to maintain the luxe shine”.