Chrishell Stause, 40, took home the gong for Best Reality Star at the MTV Movie and TV Awards 2022 on Sunday night. In her acceptance speech, the Selling Sunset star took the opportunity to reference her sexuality while thanking fans.  The real estate agent expressed her gratitude to voters for naming her the winner, even after her split from Jason Oppenheim.  Since then, Chrishell has moved on with non-binary singer, G Flip.  Chrishell hinted that she was concerned her new relationship with the 27-year-old Australian may have lost her vital support.  She said on stage: “The fact that this was voted on after [the relationship came out] means so much to me because I wasn't sure how that was going to go”. READ MORE: Patriotic Kate Moss, 48, wears Union Jack ensemble for Jubilee It came at the end of her monologue, after the star credited her show co-stars and its creator, Adam DiVello. She added: “And just really quick, I know I got this nomination before I had said anything about my sexuality. “I'm not trying to get really deep with you guys. "But the fact that this was voted on after means so much to me because I wasn't sure, you know, how that was going to go.  “Thank you so much, I appreciate it!”  Before taking to the stage, Chrishell was seen sharing a kiss with G Flip, then turned to hug her ex-boyfriend Jason.  The reality TV star also brought up her sexual orientation at a later point in the show.  While introducing a preview clip of the next Selling Sunset spinoff show alongside Netflix costar Emma Hernan, she quipped playfully at her new relationship. DONT MISS: Eamonn Holmes reacts to praise over 'chemistry' with GB News co-host (PHOTOS)Amanda Holden, 50, dares to go braless in dress on chilly London day (NEWS)David Beckham sends alluring message to wife Victoria while topless (LATEST) “Any top real estate agent knows that you always need to be expanding your sexuality. “I’m sorry, your territory. Sorry,” she said to a round of laughter from the audience. It follows the revelations she made in an Instagram post about her dating life in May. She shared a four-minute clip explaining she was attracted to “masculine energy” regardless of the form it took. Despite being open about their newfound love, Chrishell and G Flip decided not to make their red carpet debut at Sunday's event. As the night went on, the Kentucky native joined the cast of Selling Sunset on stage as they accepted the award for Best Docu-Reality Show. The team were over the moon as they finished up the show, which was hosted by Vanessa Hudgens. Afterwards, they posed for snaps with their golden popcorn statues. Other winners on the night included Spiderman: No Way Home for Best Movie, and Euphoria for Best Show.