Manchester United are increasingly confident of signing Frenkie de Jong after reportedly agreeing a deal in principle with Barcelona. United are prioritising the signing of a midfielder this summer and De Jong is their top target. Erik ten Hag is embarking on his first transfer window in charge of the Red Devils after replacing interim boss Ralf Rangnick. And he wants his first signing at Old Trafford to be a reunion with former Ajax player De Jong. Ten Hag sold De Jong to Barcelona in 2019 for a fee of around £65million. The Daily Star claims United are now set to sign the 25-year-old in a deal worth up to £70m. A deal has been struck between United and Barca after De Jong agreed to move to the Premier League giants. He initially wanted to stay at Barca but the La Liga club's desire to sell has helped change his mind. READ MORE: Arsenal 'willing to pay over £42m' for midfielder as Roma 'return' for Granit Xhaka  United will pay an initial £60m, with a further £10m in instalments throughout his contract. Barca are desperate to raise funds for signings of their own and De Jong is an expensive asset. They will attempt to sign the likes of Manchester City star Bernardo Silva with the money they receive from United. However, it remains to be seen if City boss Pep Guardiola will be willing to sell the Portugal star, who was named in the PFA Team of the Year on Thursday. United are in need of at least one midfielder this summer, with Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic exiting at the end of their contracts. Ten Hag wants to recruit in defence and attack, but midfield is his priority. Former Ajax star Marciano Vink believes De Jong is just the type of player United need to add to their squad. He told ESPN FC: "I know Frenkie a little bit and he is an eager player. He wants to prove himself. DON'T MISSLiverpool boss Klopp told he is selling the wrong player amid £40m Mane exitTottenham to hand Conte transfer boost with new weapon to help ParaticiLiverpool tried lowering Darwin Nunez fee by 'including two players in swap deal'  "He is not satisfied with his role, he is not satisfied with his performance at Barcelona. For sure he wants to do better and he wants to prove to everybody that he's the right man. "For me it's a no-brainer to go to Man United and link up again with your former manager and just give Man United a new face. I do believe that Man United is going to be the place where he can develop and also help Man United get back to where they belong. "He is a special player, he's a guy who can dribble, who can put players on the wrong foot, he can create situations. He is a leader and I do believe that Man United is lacking leaders. "Of course they have great players but leaders besides [Cristiano] Ronaldo, I don't see them. You need somebody to make the transition from defence to midfield and start directing the player."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here