Nationwide is a popular building society, and draws in hundreds of thousands of savers each year. As many banks and building societies step up their offers, Nationwide is doing the same with a particularly enticing interest rate. Today, it is increasing the introductory credit interest rate on its FlexDirect account to a market-leading five percent. This rate will be available for new applications opened from June 21, on balances up to £1,500 for the first 12 months. Savers who are switching their current account will also be able to benefit from Nationwide’s switching incentive. It is offering £125 to existing members who make the switch, and £100 to brand new customers. READ MORE: Retirement and me: Couple explain how they retired at 35 and 40 Nationwide hopes the five percent interest rate and switching incentive will help Britons get more for their money. It comes at a time where savers need a boost most, with rising bills and a cost of living crisis. Debbie Crosbie, Chief Executive at Nationwide Building Society, commented on the latest update. She said: “Being able to offer highly competitive rates is one of the biggest benefits of mutuality. DON'T MISS‘It was my grandfather's!’ Woman ‘in hysterics’ after losing £20,000 [VIDEO]Retired before 2016? You could get extra £14.48 per week [EXPLAINED]State pension blunder sees millions receive 'incorrect' amount [LATEST] “This market leading rate will help new and existing members make the most of their money, which is particularly important right now. “The FlexDirect current account also has an introductory interest-free overdraft to give some peace of mind to those struggling financially and freeing them to focus on repaying other debts.” Today’s news from Nationwide follows a series of steps taken by the building society recently. Last week, it launched two highly competitive products for new and existing savers. The Member Online Bond and the new Start to Save account have been welcomed by savers. The FlexDirect account also offers savers an interest-free overdraft for the first 12 months. Those who are eligible can switch their overdraft from their existing provide or another Nationwide account. It has been described as a “real benefit” for those who are looking to cope with the cost of living pressures. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea While the FlexDirect account offers an introductory rate of five percent, this does change over time. After 12 months, the account pays 0.25 percent variable. Britons can open the account online or in branch, and it can also be operated online. Members will need to pay in £1,000 per month, not counting transfers from other Nationwide accounts or VISA credits. To qualify, switches must be made from another provider using the Current Account Switch Service and a minimum of two active Direct Debits must be transferred as part of the switch and set up on the new account.