After landing on screens in the 1960s Star Trek became a global phenomenon and later, a billion-dollar franchise. As fans worldwide recognise the sci-fi series as the highest-grossing media franchise of all time, many have been looking forward to the second instalment of Star Trek: Strange New Worlds. Ethan Peck, who starred as Spock, opened up about his character and how his fate exceeded the actor’s expectations.  While Spock’s story began years ago with the legendary Leonard Nimoy's depiction, Peck made his first appearance as the character in Star Trek: Discovery. After a few episodes on Discovery, Peck’s version of Spock was given a spin-off which the actor was taken aback by. Star Trek: Strange New Worlds caused a colossal frenzy when it premiered in May as the highly anticipated instalment had been many years in the making. Though the series followed the crew of The Enterprise, fans were transported back in time to decades before the original series. READ MORE: NCIS’ Michael Weatherly announces new venture after Bull During Star Trek: Discovery, Spock was a Lieutenant, serving under Captain Christopher Pike (Anson Mount) on the Enterprise. However, as he had suffered major trauma due to his visions of the Red Angel, he was on leave from the Enterprise and under psychiatric care. As a result, the actor was surprised to discover the unexpected fate of Spock when he learned about Star Trek: Strange New Worlds. In an interview with Deadline, Peck was asked: “Was this where you thought your Spock was gonna end up when you first dropped into a couple of Star Trek Discovery episodes?” To which he admitted: “No I did not, I was hoping that there would be something beyond Discovery for my version of Spock and this is just far exceeding any expectations that I had.” This choice was a huge change in direction for the character who had been played by Leonard Nimoy from 1966 to 2013, then by Zachary Quinto and Peck who landed the role in 2019. During the interview, the actor also highlighted the things which made him different from the previous depictions of Spock. When quizzed on how he was keeping his version of Spock original, Peck revealed the show was exploring his humanity. DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald sparks frenzy with 'exciting' career announcement [INSIGHT] Star Trek's Borg Queen star Alice Krige on possible return to Picard [INSIGHT]Patrick Stewart, 81, and young wife Sunny, 43, in cosy display [INSIGHT] “I would say we’re really exploring his humanity in a way that’s not been explored before. “I think one of the vehicles for that is the humour and comedy elements of Spock.” He added: “The writers have been incredible and given so much nuance to Spock’s inner life, especially in a comedic way. “By putting them in situations that you would be very uncomfortable in or not knowing how to handle … In situations that end up being funny.” Thankfully for fans, Star Trek: Strange New Worlds season two is officially underway as the instalment is currently in production. The viewers can look forward to some intense scenes as season two will introduce James T. Kirk (Paul Wesley). Speaking on the new arrival, Peck told SFX : “It’s already so amazing to be part of this as Spock, so to bring him into the picture is its own kind of Bizarro World for me “But yeah, I’m thrilled, and trepidatious. I hope that they really handle it again with due diligence and great care. I’m sure that they will.” Star Trek: Strange New Worlds is available in the US on Paramount Plus and in the UK on Paramount Plus UK. 