The long-running crime drama returned last week, and former star Amanda, who played Sam Ryan from 1996 to 2004, returned to Silent Witness from the opening episode of the new series. Sam had headed up the forensics team before Nikki Alexander (played by Emilia Fox) took over and confessed when she was asked to reprise her role she was "a bit worried." "I was a wee bit worried that it might have been one of those things where you know, (it's) on your last legs kind of detective walking across a beach or wearing an old tweed coat being hauled out of some sort of dementia, or whatever, I don't know," she stated to Express.co.uk. "But the fact that she was very much active and had been working and had been a big influence in medicine still, really intrigued me." She added: "And that really made me want to come back." Explaining how she stepped back into the role, the 65-year-old commented: "I mean, it's been a long time. READ MORE: ‘I wasn't a big fan’ Outlander's Caitriona Balfe speaks on key change "But equally, just finding her wasn't too difficult because she made such a huge impact on my life and as a character. "I loved her as a character very much, warts and all," she went on. "And so it was very funny, it was slightly kind of spiritual as well. "Her coming back into me and saying goodbye again. It was really, really rather lovely actually." Amanda even became emotional revisiting the character. "Oh, I just wanted to cry," she replied when asked how it felt to step back onto the set. "When we did the tease, we shot it in a car park in West London, I was just very excited. "It was an extraordinary experience but also just looking around there were some people from the crew there who'd been with the original series, and that was just really touching, actually, really touching." DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise's Ardal O'Hanlon opens up on off-screen 'parties' [LATEST]Nick Ferrari unleashes furious travel rant over 'hellish' airlines [VIDEO]Suggs details warning from Royal Family member during Jubilee act [VIDEO] However, Sam is different from the character viewers might remember, and her integrity has come under question. "Yes, is she really telling the truth?" Amanda probed as she discussed her character's confusing intentions. "Who is she working for? And I think that's also that's very intriguing, because she's always been so much on the right side, and has always had such integrity for the truth and all the rest of it. "And now, we're sort of seeing that she could be a bit of a double-edged sword."  Sam's return comes as the longest-running crime drama currently airing anywhere globally celebrates its 25th series. The first episodes saw Sam fronting a new, controversial company. Episode one kicked off with the health secretary, who was working alongside Sam, assassinated. As events unfolded, Nikki found it increasingly difficult to trust Sam. Silent Witness continues on Monday at 9pm on BBC One.