Meghan Markle and Prince Harry attended one public event for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations before flying home with their two children Archie and Lilibet. Speaking on Dan Wootton’s GB News show, Megyn Kelly branded the royal couple “frauds” as she blasted them for previously urging the public to do more to protect the environment. Dan began: “There’s a lot of reason to boo Harry and Meghan, right?” “You know they’re walking down those steps hearing those boos going, ‘What a bunch of racists,'" Megyn replied. “They will never come to terms with why the public has turned against them in your country and in mine. “People can’t stand them now because they realise they’re a couple of frauds. Read more: Palace’s plan to ensure Netflix didn't get Meghan, Harry and Queen pic “Their environmentalism is a fraud, their perpetual victimhood is a fraud, their supposed need for privacy is a fraud and like any frauds if you spend enough time watching them they expose themselves over time.” “The environmental thing is fun though,” she continued. “I just went back for kicks to look at what they’ve said in the past and as you point out the actual Travalyst, their eco-friendly tourism initiative in 2019 could be the worst. “But she’s been touting this since 2016 on her blog that nobody read. “‘It’s important that we never forget the wellbeing of our good old mama earth,’” Megyn read out. “What did mama earth think about your carbon footprint on your 13 passenger jet that had its own separate state room on the way home? “Now Dan back in the Fox News days when we would go and do the presidential debates sometimes they would get private jets for you so you could get there and back to the studio and I would travel with my assistant or my hair and make-up team or whatever. “We would have a little jet that had six seats… 'We would much rather be in a commercial airplane this is scary.’” DON'T MISSGB News: Dan Wootton fumes as June rail strike to 'wipe out'  [VIDEO]Sharon Osbourne rushes to US as Ozzy needs 'major' operation  [INTERVIEW]Piers slaps down guest's call for president to replace monarchy [INSIGHT] “What do they need a 13 passenger jet for?” Megyn questioned. “Because they think they’re important.” The American broadcaster continued to point out what she saw as “eco-hypocrisy”. “This is the same couple that made you and your viewers pay $50,000 for an environmental boiler when they moved into Frogmore Cottage which the British taxpayers paid for and they made you the British people pay for their vegan paints for their cottage because they think you should pay for them to live in an environmental way while they then sculk off in their private jet creating a bigger carbon footprint than the average British citizen can hope to create in ones life,” she said. “[Harry] has said in the past, ‘Oh we offset it all,’ this is what they all say all these environmental frauds,” Megyn vented. “What that basically means is I paid some company enough money to plant enough trees to cover my carbon footprint. “Most environmental groups will tell you that the whole thing is a bunch of nonsense. “Half of these forests don’t exist and by the way that happened to the Vatican so it could absolutely happen to these two.” Dan Wootton Tonight airs on GB News on weekdays at 9pm.