The third-in-line to the throne is already showing an understanding of what supporting a cause means as he organised a sweet event to raise funds for the Tusk Trust, of which the Duke of Cambridge is the patron. The fundraiser took place during the coronavirus lockdown and provided an insight into how much Prince George already knows about conservation and the environment. Chief Executive Officer of Tusk Charlie Mayhew MBE told GB News: "Prince George very sweetly did a little cake sale to raise money for Tusk during lockdown and wrote a very sweet card about it, clearly demonstrating his concern for Africa's wildlife." The eight-year-old's interest in the environment and wildlife, certainly passed on by Prince William and Prince Charles, already came to light in a video released by Kensington Palace in 2020 where he asked a question to naturalist Sir David Attenborough. The adorable child asked the expert which animals he expected would become extinct next. Sir David replied: "Well let's hope there won't be any, because there are a lot of things we can do when animals are in danger of extinction. We can protect them." George and his siblings met Sir David in person in September 2020, when the naturalist headed to the Cambridges' residence in London for a special screening of A Life On Our Planet. While at Kensington Palace, Sir David gifted George the tooth of a carcharocles megalodon, an ancient giant shark. While launching his environmental initiative in October 2020, the Earthshot Prize, Prince William also opened up about his eldest child's understanding of the environment and the importance of its protection. The Duke said George had to stop mid-way through watching Sir David's 'Extinction: The Facts' documentary as he was getting too upset. READ MORE: Prince William could be set for huge promotion Recalling the heartbreaking moment, William said: "The most recent [Sir David's documentary], the extinction one, George and I had to turn it off, he got so sad about it. "He said 'I don't want to watch this anymore, why has it come to this?" William continued: "He's seven years old and he's asking these questions. He feels it." Last year, the Duke of Cambridge also confessed his son got frustrated as he saw litter being thrown on the ground even after he had recently picked up trash during an initiative led by Thomas's Battersea school. Speaking to BBC Newscast's Adam Fleming, William said: "I didn't realise but talking to him the other day he was already showing that he was getting a bit confused and a bit sort of annoyed by the fact they went out litter picking one day and then the very next day they did the same route, same time and pretty much all the same litter they picked up back again. "And I think that for him he was trying to understand how and where it all came from. "He couldn't understand, he's like, 'Well, we cleaned this. Why has it not gone away?'" Prince George is the fourth generation of royal to show an interest in safeguarding the environment. Prince Philip was a pioneer in conservation and became the president of the World Wildlife Fund's UK branch in 1961, long before the issue of protecting the planet and its species became mainstream. Similarly, Prince Charles delivered his first key warning on plastic pollution and the environment more than five decades ago. Prince William has been involved with Tusk and a series of other conservation charities for several years. Mr Mayhew believes Prince William is directly responsible for China's decision to introduce a domestic ban on ivory. The Duke, who has been working with Tusk for 17 years, travelled to China in 2015 and held a meeting with President Xi Jinping. Rather than being just a figurehead for the organisation, Mr Mayhew spoke about how involved William is with Tusk. He told the Daily Mail: "He increasingly understands the convening power that he has and wields it carefully and to great effect. "I frequently get WhatsApp messages from him to discuss an issue that has occurred to him and I’m always impressed by his maturity."