Queen Elizabeth II this weekend celebrates her Platinum Jubilee — 70 years on the throne in what is a first in British royal history. Throughout that time the world has been in flux, with mass social and political upheaval. However, one thing has been a constant in Her Majesty's rule: her corgis. While each corgi has come and gone with the passage of time — it is believed she has owned 30 of them — the dogs have been a vital aspect of her life. The little animals are often seen running around her feet during state visits, and are often spotted sauntering around the Palace or wherever the Queen may be staying. In 2007, Elizabeth had five corgis: Monty, Emma, Linnet, Willow, and Holly, as well as five cocker spaniels: Bisto, Oxo, Flash, Spick, and Span; and four dorgis (dachshund-corgi crossbreeds): Cider, Berry, Vulcan, and Candy. It is the corgis that have taken centre stage out of all the dogs, however, having made star appearances in the 2012 Olympic opening ceremony, when, in a sketch, Daniel Craig — in character as James Bond — arrived at the Palace to escort the Queen to the event. And while Elizabeth has been keen on corgis ever since she was a child, her adopting them as the royal dog in a way saw her mother's memory live on, as the Queen Mother was also fond of them and actually passed Monty on to her daughter. While her final corgi, Willow, sadly passed away in April 2018, three years later, in 2021, she was gifted two new corgis — Fergus and Muick — by her family while Prince Philip was in hospital, and so their legacy continued. But that could change in the near future, according to Howard Hodgson, a royal commentator and author of 'Charles — The Man Who Will Be King', who suggested that the corgis' days might be up when the Queen passes away. Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, own two jack russell terriers, Bluebell and Beth, and have been regularly photographed with them on walks and outings. JUST IN: Trooping of Colour: Harry and Meghan beam at crowds after big day When Charles becomes King, Mr Hodgson said he believes the jack russell will take the place of the corgi, as in 73 years of life, Charles has not himself adopted the Queen's favourite dog as his own. Asked if he believed the jack russell could come onto the scene and oust the corgi as the royal dog, he told Express.co.uk: "Yes, I do — I think that's probably true. "The Queen and the Queen Mother were always associated with the corgis but Charles and Camilla have jack russells — they're not going to change to corgis just because he is King. "I think if and when anything happens to the Queen we can safely assume the corgis will not be treated badly or got rid of. "But I don't think that we'll see Charles as a king with corgis, and I don't think the corgis will be put down or neglected, because they're all animal lovers in the Royal Family. "But I think if Charles was going to have corgis around him he'd have them by now — he's 73 years of age, and so I don't think you'll see him adopt them." DON'T MISS ‘Absolute carnage’ in Bristol Airport as flights scheduled to depart [REPORT] Matthew Wright blasts Queen's Jubilee 'Paid for by public purse' [INSIGHT]  Britons slam 'disgraceful' Archbishop suggestion to forgive Andrew [ANALYSIS] Mr Hodgson went on to say that he did not believe these jack russells would be as prevalent in daily royal life as the corgis have, and added: "I'm not sure if they will be as prominent as we know they have jack Russells but we don't see them all the time —there won't be a sort of entourage of jack russells like there has been with the queen." Elizabeth's first brush with the corgis came in 1933 when she was just seven years old. Her father, then-Duke of York, bought a corgi named Dookie for her and his other daughter, Princess Margaret. Later, a second corgi was added called Jane, and after she gave birth to a litter, two — Crackers and Carol — were kept in the family. A year before World War 2 ended in 1944, Elizabeth was gifted a corgi named Susan for her 18th birthday from her father, who had since become King George VI. The 30 corgis that have frequented the royal households since have lived lives of luxury, residing in their own special room in the Palace known as the 'Corgi Room'. They sleep in elevated wicker baskets and have their sheets refreshed daily, with the Queen personally tending to them herself. Their daily food menu is one to envy, and includes fresh rabbit and beef, served by a gourmet chef. And if that was not enough, at Christmas, the Queen gives each corgi a stocking full of toys and biscuits. While Her Majesty does look after the corgis, the duties of royal life means that she cannot always be around, so when she is away, the dogs are looked after by two footmen referred to as “Doggie 1” and “Doggie 2", according to The Independent. Many will be eagerly anticipating any show of the corgis during the jubilee celebrations, but Mr Hodgson cast doubt on whether fans will be privy to seeing the two newcomers. He said that the corgis' appearance depends on how much "you see the Queen," noting that unless they are present on the balcony — they were not — "I don't think we're going to see her [or them] anywhere else".