Climate change, Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, and the global fossil fuel energy crisis has meant the UK has significantly stepped up its commitment to creating renewable energy generation projects. However, these projects will soon run into significant issues, as experts warn that the lack of critical infrastructure has meant that large amounts of energy is wasted in order to prevent the National Grid from overloading. Because of the lack of sufficient interconnecting cables joining energy-rich remote regions of the UK and power-hungry city centres like London, the UK has to pay around a billion pounds a year asking energy projects like wind farms to shut off, Kona Energy, a British energy firm previously told Express.co.uk. However, experts have now noted that industrial-scale powerpacks, which are a type of large electric battery, could be the key to helping countries deal with the impacts of the energy crisis. Anjani Trivedi, a Bloomberg columnist highlighted the usefulness of powerpacks, particularly when facing “escalating bills and more frequent blackouts.” In a column, she wrote: “There’s a simple solution: Store the energy and use it when the need arises. “As the market for EV batteries expands and evolves, large industrial-scale powerpacks — energy storage systems, or ESS — are being overlooked as a potential solution to this power crunch.” These powerpacks are large electricity storage systems that could store large amounts of excess energy from the grid or from other sources to use for a later time. As renewable energy generation increases, experts have warned that building infrastructure to store this energy for times of high demand is critical. Ms Trivedi added: “What’s underappreciated about these systems is that they benefit from all the EV battery developments like better energy density and safety, but don’t have the same problems or constraints.” READ MORE: Energy crisis: UK launches North Sea gas field to end Russia reliance One key advantage powerpacks have over electric batteries is size, as batteries tend to be restricted in size in order to be carried around in cars efficiently. Meanwhile, an ESS can be as big as the system requires, as the entire structure is stationary. Ms Trivedi added that ultimately for the Government, “the smart move would be to provide incentives, tax cuts, or consumer awareness programs to push things along.” In the UK, to solve this wastage of energy, Kona has decided to build its facility at the landing point of six offshore wind farms, including one of the world’s largest, the Walney wind farm. DON'T MISS: Turkey's feared drones obliterating Russian troops in Ukraine [REVEAL] EU's Brexit chief warned of 'lose-lose' situation as he moves to TEAR [INSIGHT] Energy crisis lifeline as UK launches £31m project to slash bills [SPOTLIGHT] According to the CEO of Kona Energy Andy WIllis, this storage facility is being built to connect to the B7a constraint boundary, which is one of the most constrained areas in the UK where wind farms and other low carbon technologies are regularly curtailed. According to Kona Energy, this project will help to alleviate grid constraints, reduce energy bills and increase the utilisation of renewable energy. 