The Britain's Got Talent final kicked off on Sunday night and saw the 11 finalists take to the stage in a last attempt to win a chance to perform at the Royal Variety. Taking to the stage was rapping and musical duo Flintz and Taylor, who performed their own original song. However, Flintz forgot the lyrics at the beginning of the song and left Alesha Dixon emotional as they ended their performance. As their performance came to an end, Alesha was seen getting emotional as the judges gave them a standing ovation. She was first to comment on their act and said: "Listen, artist to artist, it doesn't matter what anyone tells you tonight, you are going to feel bad. "I know what that feels like, you are going to come off stage, and you are going to beat yourself up about this. "But let me tell you something right now, what you have done and what you guys have achieved together on this show far outweighs any teeny tiny mistake that you just made up there. READ MORE: GB News: Anne Diamond forced to shut down guest over Diana comment "I promise you this you are going to inspire so many other kids to get out and do what they want and fight because this music industry is hard, and I am telling you now, boys, this is just the beginning. "Please, please try and be proud, I love you, I really love you," she concluded, and Flintz also broke down in tears. Record label executive and co-judge Simon Cowell also commented on their performance and praised: "Do you want my honest, honest opinion? "I actually thought that this was your best performance so far because who gives a s**t if you forget lyrics. "The most important thing was it reminded me of how much this means to you, secondly, it reminded me of your friendship. "Thirdly, the song actually had a great hook in it, for you going forward, do not worry about what happened for a second because it happens all the time." The boys were grateful for the judge's comments, with Taylor thanking them: "It has been so good, we appreciate all the comments, all of you are great." Viewers of the show took to Twitter in support of the duo, with @Grumpy_Oldie commenting: "Flintzs and Taylor - now that’s talent - like it #BGTFinal #BGT." DON'T MISS...Simon Cowell slammed by BGT fans over wildcard announcement 'A joke!'  [INSIGHT]Who is in the Britain's Got Talent final? [LATEST]'Politics getting in the way' BGT viewers slam judges' semi-final vote [MORE] Amy Joanne added: "I love how he keeps slipping up but gets right back on track. #bgt #bgtfinal #BritainsGotTalent." @liv_liv_liv said: "Oh god bless him the worst moment to forget his stride, but he’s carrying on and doing great #BGT #BGTFinal." Mary Jones praised: "These lads absolutely smashed it! Despite the slip-up, he kept going and wanted to make his friend proud! True friendship." @ori_Angel9 tweeted: "Well done, boys! No one can ask any more of you, that was immense pressure, and you picked it up and smashed it again!" (sic) Tonight, one contestant will be crowned the winner of Britain's Got Talent 2022 and will go on to perform at the Royal Variety Show. Ahead of the live show, the judges revealed that their wildcard act was Amber and The Dancing Collies. The act came out onto the stage and danced to Grease, You're The One That I Want and had the judges in awe of how clever her little collie was. The winner will be announced tonight at the end of the show. Britain's Got Talent is available to watch on ITV Hub.