The truth behind the deadly car crash that claimed the life of lawyer Imran Habeeb (played by Charlie de Melo) was revealed in a series of flashbacks that uncovered Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor) was to blame. However, some Coronation Street fans suspect a final twist that will prove Toyah’s innocence and shine a light on the mysterious black car at the scene of the crash. Although Toyah has maintained her innocence, this week the police charged her with murdering her husband. The police are not the only ones sceptical of Toyah’s story with Adam Barlow (Sam Roberton) also believing she caused the crash on purpose. During a series of flashbacks, Coronation Street viewers watched as Toyah drove into a wall after learning about Imran’s betrayal. However, eagle-eyed ITV soap fans have pointed out there’s another suspect who could be to blame. Read more: Coronation Street theory: Carla Connor exits after Peter split After the car crash, Imran pulled Toyah out of the vehicle while a mysterious black car pulled over and drove off without helping. Could the driver of this vehicle be somehow connected to the crash in an unexpected twist? Coronation Street fans suspect Ben Chancellor (Jon-Paul Bell), who Imran paid to lie about spotting Abi Franklin (Sally Carman) buying drugs, was the driver. @scrunchieshaz tweeted: “So the black car obviously had something to do with the crash & Imran’s death, potentially Ben perhaps #Corrie.” (sic) @MJ_JJ061215 added: “If there's CCTV of the car crash in #Corrie - surely the dodgy looking black car that stopped, looked and then drove off must've been in it as well. I reckon it was Ben driving it.” “Why didn’t that black car help Imran and Toyah? #Corrie,” @TracyFi31470652 questioned. @Natty6660666 wrote: “When they got out of the car after the crash there was a black car that stopped for a long time behind them, then left quick when police sirens. Mistake or the person that caused the crash #Corrie.” @Charlotte_K13 said: “Did anyone notice that black car driving off just near where the crash happened? #Corrie.” DON'T MISSErnst Walder dead: Original Coronation Street cast member dies at 94 [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Leanne Battersby to frame Nick for crime [THEORY]Coronation Street theory: Daniel left heartbroken as Daisy's murdered  [SPOILER] Meanwhile, it seems everyone may have turned their back on Toyah. Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) has continued to defend her sister but earlier in the week it was obvious she had her doubts. The concerned sister spoke to Toyah’s solicitor and was horrified by the mountain of evidence stacked against her. She admitted Toyah’s supposed innocence will be hard to prove because of the voicemail, evidence she didn’t brake or swerve the car and statements from Weatherfield residents. After Toyah was charged, she phoned her sister and begged her to listen. However, it was clear Leanne was beginning to suspect her sister might not be innocent after all. Will Toyah go to prison for life for causing the car crash or will Leanne find a way to free her sister? Coronation Street airs on ITV on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm.