Princess Beatrice married Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi on July 17, 2020 in a very small and private wedding in Windsor. The Princess’ stunning ring was designed by the highly reputable British jeweller, Shaun Leane. But the ring also has a special connection to the Queen and Meghan Markle. How so?  Beatrice’s ring also contains diamonds that were ethically sourced from Botswana, just like the Duchess of Sussex’s ring. Engagement ring specialists at UK jewellers Steven Stone have taken a close look at Beatrice’s ring for Express.co.uk. While the royal wedding was intimate and understated in comparison to some of the others, Princess Beatrice’s engagement ring stands out from the crowd. It oozes luxury, glamour, and some incredible diamonds.  READ MORE: Mike Tindall's 'closeness to William created a dilemma' with Sussexes It was in September 2019 when Edoardo popped the question to his Princess, during a romantic holiday in Italy. Shaun Leane worked with Edoardo to create a piece of jewellery that embodied the couple’s personality and love story. Engagement ring specialist, Maxwell Stone, told Express.co.uk: “Princess Beatrice’s ring is an absolute stunner. “A six-claw round diamond takes centre stage, which looks to be around three carats.   “The round diamond shoulders two tapered baguettes, which gives the ring a vintage feel and Art Deco-inspired look. “For added sparkle, the ring also features small pavé diamonds halfway around the band.” What quality are the diamonds in Beatrice’s ring? The expert opined: “From the images, it’s clear the diamonds are VVS grade.  “This means they have minuscule inclusions that are difficult even for trained eyes to see under 10x magnification. “The diamonds look flawless,” the expert suggested. How does Beatrice’s ring link to both Meghan Markle and the Queen? Mr Stone commented: “Not only does Beatrice’s ring have a special connection to Meghan as both of their engagement rings feature diamonds ethically sourced from Botswana, but it also bears resemblance to the Queen’s.  “They both sport a beautiful Art Deco design,” the expert noted. How much would the Princess of York’s ring cost? Mr Stone said: “I would estimate the value of this ring to be around £130,000 to £140,000. “Thanks to its royal legacy, this will no doubt increase in years to come.” 