Ashley McConnell, a physics teacher at Thurso High School in Caithness, Scotland, is alleged to have danced in a sexualised manner with a teenage pupil at a local nightclub in March 2018. She was 30 years old at the time and married. Ms McConnell is accused of touching his bottom and groin and holding hands with him during the night in question. She admits holding hands with the teen but denies kissing him and touching his bottom. Ms McConnell faces being struck off the teaching register by the General Council for Scotland (GTCS). Ms McConnell has also been accused of telling two pupils at the club to "f**k off" before gesturing two fingers at them. She then allegedly said she would "fight the b***h" in reference to one of the female students. Earlier this month, Ms McConnell’s friend and former colleague Emilie Charton, who was with her on the night, alleged she was drunk and acting flirtatious at the nightclub. Ms Charton, who recently left Thurso High School, claimed McConnell was drinking Jack Daniels and coke, while also ordering Budweiser. She claimed to the hearing: "I do not believe that she was in full control of her actions, she was more than tipsy and I do not remember her making any advances. "If she was sober it would never have happened as when people are drunk they do things they normally wouldn't. "Ashley was feeling like she wanted to party, I was the one who had to push her away. [She] was drunk, more aggressive and sensitive to the comments when she gave the girl the finger. "I had not seen her act in a flirtatious manner before and all of this makes me think she was not in control." READ MORE: 'Slap in the face' Teacher rages at strike and drives student to exams On Monday, June 20, the General Teaching Council for Scotland (GTCS) heard evidence from Thurso High School headteacher Kathryn MacKay, who investigated the claims. Ms MacKay claimed that there "appeared to have been an argument between Ashley and one of the girls." The headteacher said pupils came to her office and said they allegedly saw the teacher kiss a pupil. She claimed: “Ashley came to me and said she couldn't remember the incident, I was advised to immediately suspend her which I did, she began to cry.” DONT MISS TEACHERS threaten to strike as they demand 'inflation-plus' pay rise [INSIGHT]Tyson got prison school teacher pregnant after romping while locked up [REVEALED]‘Cry for help’: Teachers set to follow rail workers in strike action [INFO] A former male pupil, who was privately tutored at Ms McConnell's home for a year, also gave evidence in McConnell's defence after being there on the night in question. He said: “It would negatively impact the community and the school [if she was struck off], she is a great teacher and it would be detrimental to the pupils. “I would describe her as a good teacher, she was a bit more down to earth than some of the older teachers, I think she was well-liked by pupils and staff.” He added: “It was subjective to say they were drunk but no I'm not an expert but in my personal opinion I would not say she was excessively drunk. “I did not see those events on that night. “I did not see that event occur.” The hearing continues. 