Bear (played by Joshua Richards) has been floating in-between several storylines on Emmerdale recently, as he has been a source of support to Faith (Sally Dexter) following her terminal cancer diagnosis, as well as being a friend to Mary Goskirk (Louise Jameson). However, with the matriarch of the Dingle family knowing her time is coming to an end, he has tried to be there for Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) and Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) also. As Faith's exit from the ITV soap grows ever closer, he could come up with a plan to put a smile on her face for the rest of her life. Faith has had a few lovers during her time in the Dales, from Eric Pollard (Chris Chittell) to Dan Spencer (Liam Fox) and also Bear. The pair have never really acted on the chemistry between them except for one time when they kissed but it didn't go any further. There has always been an unspoken romance between the pair and it seems now more than ever that they need to tell each other how they feel. They came close to doing so in the latest episode of the weeknight serial drama as they spoke about what would happen once Faith was gone. Coming back from a walk, the Dingle matriarch was reflecting on life as she stopped to speak with Bear outside the Woolpack. READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen The beloved character said: "June is a lovely month, isn't it? All the flowers in bloom. Don't think I've ever really realised it before." "Start of barbecue weather June is," Bear replied, with the Dingle matriarch telling him not to forget about the fizz. "Why wait for a barbecue, I can get you a glass of fizz right now. I could even get you a bottle," he told a fragile Faith. "No, you are alright. I think I will go in for a sit-down and well-earned cup of tea," she said but she was stopped in her tracks. "I would give it five minutes if I was you. Chas and Paddy, they're in the back room, I've just seen Chas go in and she looked not quite herself," Bear explained. Sitting down to join him outside, Faith remarked: "This is why I did not want to tell her. Lord knows I felt miserable enough when I found out, I don't see why she should be miserable as well." "She just wants to be there for you," Bear commented. "But if she can't cope, what's the point?" Faith asked him, looking more distressed than ever her daughter had taken the news so hard. "She's a strong lass," Paddy's father reminded his friend, who added: "And she's also very stubborn and she doesn't know how to ask for help." "I wonder who she gets that from?" Bear jokingly asked, knowing Faith was just as stubborn, if not more, as her daughter. DON'T MISS...Lisa Riley weight loss: Soap star dropped 12st while enjoying treats [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb details health woes during heatwave [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Kelvin Fletcher sparks Tom Selleck comparisons with tash [PICTURES] Reflecting on her death, Faith said to Bear: "Look after her for me won't you," to which he said: "You don't have to ask." She reminded him she meant what she was saying and didn't want him to say something for the sake of agreeing with her. Promising Faith with his heart, Paddy's father replied: "I will take very good care of her." Hinting their romance isn't over and done with just yet, Faith told her dear friend: "You're a very special man, Bear." "Praise indeed coming from you," he said before heading inside to get her a glass of fizz but he looked back at Faith as he got up, devastated she was going to die. In upcoming scenes of the weeknight serial drama, Paddy's father could decide he is going to pop the question to Faith. Wanting her to be happy before she dies, he could suggest they get married as he couldn't see himself falling for any other woman. Overwhelmed with this announcement, Faith could decide to kick two sheets to the wind and agree to walk down the aisle. With every man inter life having treated her badly, she could tell herself she deserves happiness and this is what Bear is willing to give her. Unfortunately, it might not be too long after they marry that Faith's health could take a serious decline. With her husband by her side and her loved ones gathered around her, Faith could decide it's time and bid them all a farewell. She could die with them all surrounding her at home as she knows she wouldn't want to be anywhere else in the world. Bear would be heartbroken as he didn't just marry Faith for the sake of it, he meant every single word of his vows to her. Will he be able to move on and find love again or will Faith have been his one true love and soul mate? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.