Mikel Arteta may have to rethink his summer plans as it's been revealed that Gabriel Jesus could be a target for Real Madrid. It's unlikely that Arsenal could compete with the Champions League winners, and they may have to settle for one of Madrid's unwanted men. Arsenal face losing out in the race for Jesus as it is believed that the Brazilian has been offered to Madrid instead. That's according to the SER, who claim Jesus has been offered to Madrid by his representatives as they look to force through a high-profile move away from Manchester City. With Erling Haaland arriving at the club this summer, Jesus will find it even harder to get game time at the club. Madrid are trying to offload striking duo Luka Jovic and Mariano to balance the books, as Carlo Ancelotti looks to build on the successes of the recent season. And Arsenal may be forced to target one of Madrid's forgotten stars instead. READ MORE: Man Utd's formidable new-look defence if Erik ten Hag pulls off four exciting signings  It's looked clear for a while that Jesus would be leaving City, and the recent Haaland transfer essentially confirmed it. Arsenal have been leading the race to sign the Brazilian, with Gunners technical director Edu well tuned with the striker's representatives. And according to Football Insider, Jesus had already agreed personal terms with Arsenal, although a final decision would be made on his return from international duty with Brazil. But at the last moment, Madrid may prove to be a nuisance for Arsenal, and they could hijack the deal.  DON'T MISSArsenal have already pulled off transfer masterstroke as Arteta given double boost[COMMENT]Christian Eriksen tipped to snub Man Utd and Tottenham as likely transfer named[QUOTES]Tottenham up ante for Djed Spence as Fabio Paratici pursues third summer deal[TRANSFERS] Jesus would become one of Arsenal's main men, with Alexandre Lacazette now confirmed to be leaving the club. And Arteta is in need of another striker as only Eddie Nketiah remains. But if Madrid are interested in Jesus, he could join a young, Brazilian attack with Vinicius Jr and Rodrygo on the wings, and learning from Karim Benzema could be invaluable. It's likely that if Madrid do move for Jesus, then Jovic and Mariano will be sold.  The pair have already been transfer listed, and although Arsenal could miss out on their main target, they could settle for a cheaper alternative with Madrid's forgotten men. It may sound like a disaster initially, but these men are so forgotten that their tender age may come as a surprise. Jovic is only 24, and still has an awful lot to offer after bursting onto the scene with Eintracht Frankfurt in 2019. The Serbian was on loan at Frankfurt from Benfica, and he enjoyed an incredible season, helping the German side make the semi-finals of the Europa League, where they narrowly lost to Chelsea.  Madrid signed him for £54million in 2019, but there are reports suggesting that they could be sold for just £25m, with Transfermarkt valuing him at just £15m. Jovic has barely featured for Madrid since 2019, and he may relish a challenge in the Premier League. Mariano is slightly older at 28, and has also failed to nail a consistent role in the Madrid side since rejoining the club in 2018. Mariano was a star in their youth academy, but left to join Lyon before Madrid decided to buy him back. With only a year left on his deal, Arsenal could lure him away from Spain for a cut-price fee, and there's no reason to suggest why they couldn't take both Mariano and Jovic off their hands. 