A brand new look at the final two episodes of Stranger Things’ fourth season has been unveiled, and the situation is not looking good for the town of Hawkins. Ahead of one of Netflix’s most highly anticipated upcoming releases dropping in just over a week, subscribers have been holding out hope their fan-favourite characters make it out of the two-part finale alive. Both Steve Harrington (played by Joe Keery) and Robin (Maya Hawke) could meet their demise in the next two episodes of Stranger Things. After a riveting first act, the kids of Hawkins will have to reunite once more in order to rescue Nancy Wheeler (Natalia Dyer) from the clutches of Vecna (Jamie Campbell Bower). However, this time the stakes are higher than ever, and the show’s millions of viewers are concerned they may have to say their farewells to one or more of the show’s main players. In the latest trailer for season four, volume two, Robin and Steve share a private moment together before their next battle commences. READ MORE: Gary Lineker's 'racist abuse' claims blasted by Martin Daubney Robin tells her friend: “I have this terrible feeling it might not work out for us this time.” Steve looks equally stricken as the pair contemplate the terrifying task at hand. Earlier in the new footage, Steve is also shown looking rather wistfully at Nancy after she’s presumably rescued from the Upside Down. He may be gearing himself to bravely sacrifice himself for her and their friends to protect their town from more menaces from the parallel dimension. Thanks to Max’s (Sadie Sink) horrifying encounter with Vecna, the gang know music can free his victims from their trance, although the dark wizard could have other tricks up his sleeve. On Reddit, user koalatyvibes speculated: “Man, it really feels like they're setting up Steve for his last stand and it hurts. “He and Robin almost make the show for me. This season has really made up for Stranger Things' ups and downs, season four is pretty epic television.” Although ArchDucky argued: “They can't kill Steve. He and Dustin are one of the best runners in the show. It will probably be Robin or the new D&D guy.” DON'T MISS:The Last Kingdom star exposes Haesten deleted scene [INSIGHT]Yellowstone season 5: Kelly Reilly teases Beth’s downfall [INTERVIEW]Disney star Sky Katz opens up on leading Surviving Summer [EXCLUSIVE] Other viewers have also suggested Eddie (Joseph Quinn) could be the one to make the sacrifice after spending much of the season running away from his bullies. However, series creators the Duffer Brothers could decide to cap off the season with Stranger Things’ most devastating emotional conclusions yet by killing off one of their most revered creations. ryanmuller1089 commented: “Yeah, one of the older teens is for sure going to die and I did think from the start it would be Steve.” While Martyn470 predicted: “I have a disgusting, sinking feeling that Steve and Nancy are going to die, professing their love for each other in a final embrace.” “I also think Lucas is going to die, going out in a heroic fashion by holding off a demogorgon or even charging Vecna.” (sic) There is already a whirlwind of foreboding predictions from fans as the countdown to next Friday’s Netflix event of the year continues. Fans can all agree the battle against Vecna won’t end well for at least one of the main group, but they will just have to wait for the final two episodes to find out who their foe sets his sights on next. Stranger Things season 4, volume 2 will be released Friday, July 1 on Netflix.