Dame Deborah James has opened up on feeling “grateful” to still be alive after she was discharged from hospital a month ago and given “days to live”. The mum-of-two, who has terminal bowel cancer, was pictured at Royal Ascot this week. In view of her 961k Instagram followers, Deborah posted some photos from Ascot, where she used a wheelchair as she beamed next to her brother Benjamin and his fiancee Ashley. The 40-year-old wore a black and white polka dot mini dress with a huge straw hat. “Yesterday was really special as with a lot of effort and help I actually made it to @ascotracecourse once again,” Deborah penned. “I honestly have to pinch myself that I’ve been well enough each day to do something like this. “Another favourite I’d had in mind and a fab milestone to say “ain’t dead yet! (sic). “Obviously like most haven’t been for a while due to covid, but so nice to be back and thank you to @ascotracecourse for making the whole experience for me and my brother just seemless and achievable for me. (sic). “Memories made, but most importantly I got 3 wins in a row and am still bouncing off the ceiling from them still!!!” She continued: “I find myself living in limbo land, not really knowing what the future holds and for how long. “It’s a very stressful uncertain place to be because when I was discharge from hospital over a month ago I was given days, maybe a week to live. (sic). “And I felt like it. But as we all know life doesn’t go according to plan, so I’m just greatful for what ever extra time, the powers that be have decided to grant me. (sic). “So despite the unnerving tears, I look at the sunshine, smile, and think, wow, life is a funny thing isn’t it!! Better enjoy it!” Deborah’s many friends and followers sent their love and support to the star. DON'T MISS...Helen Skelton stuns in busty hot pink jumpsuit at Royal Ascot [PICTURES]Tearful Fern Britton admits her children 'kept me alive' in dark times [ADMISSION]Paul O'Grady urged to move house after finding 'cursed' item in garden [WARNING] Julia Bradbury wrote: “Blooming Loverly”. Lorraine Kelly gushed: “Gorgeous xxx”. “You are simply amazing - and you look so fabulous xxx,” added Sarah Jossel. Since she moved to hospice-at-home care, Deborah has thrown herself into fundraising, and her Bowel Babe fund, which donates money to various cancer charities, has now reached a staggering £6.7million. The host of BBC podcast You, Me And The Big C told Lorraine: "I'm taking life day by day, and I think just continuing to feel blessed to have another day knowing that my time is limited. "But at the same time, if truth be told, I've already outlived yet again what I was told when I was sent home from the hospital, so I think already even I'm a bit surprised. "But I think it's having that sense of purpose - getting involved, continuing with the campaigning is keeping me going. "Obviously, the Bowelbabe fund I'm so proud of, and it's a legacy that I am so proud to leave behind when I am no longer here.”