Samsung has just launched its latest limited-time sale, which will let you save big on any Galaxy smartphone. The offer, which is available on the official Samsung website, will give you a 20 percent saving when you buy two products at once. But there's a secret trick you can take advantage of which will let you get a Galaxy handset for less than its listed price, or get a new Galaxy phone with a free pair of Samsung wireless buds. If you want to take advantage of this little trick, here's what you need to do. For those that are just after a Samsung Galaxy phone, and aren't interested in a pair of earbuds, there's a way you can get a new handset right now for less than the RRP. And it's easy as pie - all you need to do is purchasing a Samsung Galaxy phone and it's corresponding case from the Samsung website. This will knock 20 percent off the price of these products. So how much will this actually save? Well, if you purchase a Samsung Galaxy S22 (£769) plus a clear standing cover (£24) it works out as £634 in total. That works out as a saving of almost £160 in total. And this clever little trick can be used with other Samsung phones too. For instance, if you add a Samsung Galaxy A53 (£399) plus a clear case (£9) to your basket that works out as £326.40 - a saving of over £80 on the usual price of these two products. You can mix and match products to get the best discount possible. For those after a new pair of headphones, you can effectively get a free pair of wireless buds right now as well as an extra saving on top. The Galaxy Buds Live usually cost £139, but the price right now has been reduced to £99. However, thanks to the multi-buy promotion available at the moment if you purchase this with an S22 right now in total you'll pay £694.40. That works out as a whopping saving of almost £214. If you want to, Samsung also offers the 20 percent reduction when you add a third product to your basket. So you can purchase multiple products at once and get a saving. For those interested in this money-saving offer, you need to act quick to take advantage of it. The deal only lasts until June 26. Any handset you purchase from the Samsung website will come without a SIM. So you'll need to use your existing one or sign-up to a new contract. If you're looking for a money-saving SIM deal you can find details on offers below...