Sir Michael Caine, 89, is no stranger to a steamy sex scene. And the Alfie actor deliberately married the most beautiful woman he could find, so that he would never be tempted to stray with a co-star. Michael first saw actress and beauty queen Shakira, 75, in a coffee advert, and he thought she was “the most “beautiful” woman he had ever seen. He managed to track her down and get her phone number from a friend who worked in advertising. "I found out her number and phoned her, and phoned her and phoned her,” he explained. “It was really weird because the last night I phoned her, when she finally answered, was the last night I was going to phone her.” The couple hit it off, and Michael revealed it took him just eight minutes to fall in love with Shakira. They tied the knot in 1973, and are still together 49 years later. Michael told The Mirror he was proud of being faithful for his entire marriage, explaining: “I was always doing love scenes with very beautiful women. “You can go on the set and there’ll be one of the most beautiful women in the world and the director will say, ‘Take your clothes off and get into bed.’ “That could be a great temptation so I decided that I would never marry a woman who wasn’t as beautiful as the women I was working with. “And I married a woman who, in actual fact, is more beautiful than most women I have worked with, so all the temptation was at home, not at work.” The couple share a daughter named Natasha, 48, and Michael also has a 66-year-old daughter named Dominique with his ex-wife Patricia Haines. Michael credited Shakira with saving his life by helping him to drink less alcohol. “Without her I would have been dead long ago. I would have probably drunk myself to death,” he told the Radio Times. “I was a bit of a p**s artist when I was younger, I used to drink a bottle of vodka a day and I was smoking too, several packs a day. “I wasn’t unhappy but it was stress. You know, “Am I going to get another picture? How am I going to do this part? “How am I going to remember all those lines? I’ve got to get up at 6 in the morning and I hope the alarm works”.’ Michael also revealed he had cut down on drinking in a bid to be able to have more time with his three grandchildren. “I’ve decided to live a bit longer, I’ve cut down on the drink and got a new outlook on life. I thought I wasn’t going to have grandchildren, and suddenly I have three,’ he told Candis magazine. “They’re my fountain of youth and have given me a new lease of life without any of the worries or troubles. I’m completely besotted and so is my wife. “I’ve had some high points in my life, I’ve won two Academy Awards and been given a knighthood, and I used to think that you couldn’t get better than that but then I got my grandchildren, which is better than anything.”