A Russian signal reconnaissance plane and two Russian fighter planes entered Swedish civilian surveillance airspace north of Visby on Thursday without reporting the approach according to a source speaking to the Swedish press. The breach came as Swedish forces are currently participating in the annual naval exercise Baltops, where, among others, the amphibious ship USS Kearsarge visited Stockholm. The event in Sweden coincided with a Russian exercise in Kaliningrad running until June 18. The airspace breach came on Thursday morning according to reports as Russian surveillance aircraft became interested in the Swedish drills. Russia deployed an Ilyushin Il-20 spy plane, accompanied by two Sukhoi Su-27 fighter jets. The three Russian planes then probably went down at low altitude over the USS Kearsarge to probably be able to photograph the American ship, according to DN's source. The three planes, on several occasions, entered the northern part of Visby terminal area where all aircraft must report their arrival, among other things to avoid accidents with other traffic. A rule that applies to all commercial aircraft and military aircraft. According to Swedish sources, the Russian aircraft failed to perform the required safety transmissions. The Russian military aircraft also lacked a transponder signal and therefore was not visible on the civilian radar used by Visby Airport. The lack of a signal meant the aircraft could not be observed or contacted by local air traffic control. This meant civil aviation in the area could not be noticed by the Russians' approach in the area and thus exposed multiple aircraft to a collision danger. READ MORE:Schoolgirl stuns teachers after calling Putin a 'DEVIL' at ceremony Visby terminal area, or Visby TMA, extends north from Visby airport halfway up to the Stockholm area. The northern and western parts of the area, where the Russian planes were stationed, start at 1,300 meters and extend to 2,900 meters. The three Russian planes started the flight at a higher altitude but then went down to a much lower altitude, apparently to approach the American ship. Such breaches are common, yet have become more worrying since the start of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Furthermore, Sweden's application to join NATO has added tension between Stockholm and Moscow, with Putin warning of the consequences of the move. DON'T MISS:Fire engines scrambled as pub roof bursts into flames [REPORT]Rolls-Royce 'highly likely' to provide the engines for AUKUS [EXCLUSIVE]Putin humiliated as 3 war models ALL proven wrong [REVEAL] Swedish Armed Forces confirmed Russian planes were in the air in connection with the exercise and that Swedish aircraft intercepted and followed the aircraft. Press secretary of the Swedish armed forces Erik Karlsson said: “We can only confirm that the Russian planes remained outside Sweden's territorial border and that it was not a violation.” Mr Karlsson also says that the Armed Forces had Swedish aircraft in the air to follow the Russian planes. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk last month, Zsofia Wolford, a Europe and Eurasia analyst at risk intelligence firm Sibylline, said Putin may be planning a two-pronged approach to how Russia deals with the consequences of Finland and Sweden joining the bloc.