Gary Lineker, 61, was married to model Danielle Bux from 2009 until 2016. The former couple called it quits after the BBC presenter felt too old to start a new family. The Match of the Day presenter is already a dad to four sons, all of whom were born during the 1990s. Taking to his Instagram stories today, the former professional footballer took the opportunity to send a special message to his ex-wife. In view of his 1.1 million followers, the sports pundit wished the "kindest person" a happy birthday. Sharing a black and white snap of Danielle, she could be seen sporting a floral dress as she cut into her birthday cake. READ MORE: Piers Morgan sparks divide - 'Brexit making British lives difficult' Gary captioned the post: "Happy **rd birthday to this wonderful human being. "The most thoughtful, funny and kind person I know. Have a great one @daniellebux." Danielle took the opportunity to share the tribute via her own Instagram stories. She has since married lawyer Nate Greenwald and they share a daughter, Romy, together.  Danielle also has a daughter Ella from a previous relationship. Despite the couple's marriage split, they remain on good terms with each other and have stayed friends. Gary described her as his "best mate" in an interview with the Daily Mirror in 2019. "We still speak three times a day, we text all the time. When she comes to London she stays with me, and when I go to LA I see her," he explained. DON'T MISS... Christie Brinkley, 68, leaves fans speechless in tiny bikini[LATEST]Holly Willoughby stuns in pink at Royal Ascot[PICTURES]Amanda Holden, 51, wows as she goes braless in pink summer dress[UPDATES] Danielle relocated to Los Angeles shortly after splitting with the former England footballer to pursue an acting career. The pair have maintained a close relationship since the split, with Gary revealing he frequently socialises with Nate on his trips to visit Danielle in California. “He’s not got a jealous bone in his body,” Gary told the Radio Times. “We get on really well. We go out for dinner when I’m in LA. “It might be unusual and people might go, ‘That’s weird’ but, frankly, I don’t care. What is normal? “Is it better to get divorced and end up fighting, screaming and shouting? Or is it better to get on if you can?" Gary and Danielle actually opted against involving divorce lawyers when they split, instead filling out all the required forms together. Gary was first married to Michelle Cockayne in 1986, with whom he has four sons – George, 29, Harry, 27, Tobias, 25, and Angus, 23. The Match Of The Day presenter and Michelle divorced in 2006. 