Many drivers admit to flashing their lights to thank people for letting them in at a junction or to warn others of upcoming speed cameras. While this is often seen as a common driving courtesy in the UK, it could lead to drivers receiving hefty fines. Flashing lights at other motorists to warn them of speed traps or to say thanks could lead to a £1,000 fine and three licence points. Around 37 percent of drivers said they were unaware that flashing their lights could see them being fined, according to a new study. Using the hazard lights to say thank you to someone behind their vehicle is also illegal. According to comparethemarket.com, this can lead to an unlimited fine and nine penalty points on a driving licence. Some drivers have also admitted to beeping their horn when going around tight bends. READ MORE: Drivers told to use secret button to reduce fuel consumption This can lead to a fine of £1,000 and goes against guidance listed in the Highway Code. Rule 112 advises drivers that they should only use the horn when the vehicle is moving and they need to warn other road users of their presence. They should also never use or sound their horn in an aggressive manner. Motorists cannot use their horn while stationary on the road or when driving in a built-up area between the hours of 11:30pm and 7am. DON'T MISSMany electric car drivers 'confused' days before new charging rules [CHANGES]The ideal mileage to look for when buying a used car [INSIGHT]Major parking laws scrapped as drivers 'right to feel infuriated' [SHOCKING] The most common way that drivers thank other road users when at the wheel is by waving, with 63 percent admitting to doing it. A spokesperson for comparethemarket.com, advised drivers to always be a well-mannered motorist and remain calm. They said: “You share the road with countless other users. Leaving adequate space between yourself and others is essential when driving to help keep everyone safe and moving along. “Exercising patience when driving is often something that people struggle with, especially if they’re in a rush and running late. “However, everyone on the road has somewhere to be, so getting frustrated when stuck in traffic doesn't help anyone.” They also urged motorists to show kindness to learner drivers, as they will often be more nervous when behind the wheel for the first time. When driving near a learner, road users are suggested to leave a little extra space and told not to rush them. Drivers aged 25 to 34 get frustrated the most when other drivers aren't courteous, with 94 percent of respondents within that age category saying they get frustrated. This is compared to only 76 percent of those aged 55 and older. Only 1.7 percent of drivers claim they never get frustrated with other drivers for not being courteous. Norwich was found to have the most courteous drivers, with 75 percent believing they were affable motorists “at all times”. On the other hand, drivers in Plymouth were found to be the least courteous with just 57 percent saying they were always friendly behind the wheel.