Celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay has reacted to his daughter Holly Ramsay's stunning bikini snap as she enjoys the Platinum Jubilee weekend from their luxury family home in Rock, Cornwall. The chef, 55, teased that his daughter looked like she was set to make an appearance in the Love Island villa, as she posted a snap of herself enjoying a dip in their crystal-blue swimming pool from their Cornish home. Holly couldn't resist sharing a series of snaps of herself enjoying the four-day weekend. Taking to Instagram, she gave her 298,000 followers a glimpse of what she's been up to. The star rested on the edge of her family's swimming pool wearing a brightly-patterned orange bikini. Holly smiled sweetly at the camera as her long blonde hair fell down her back. READ MORE: John Cleese slams Jacob Rees-Mogg over taxpayer’s money In the next pic, she cut a more casual figure as she kicked her legs behind her while leaning on the edge of the pool, which overlooked a luscious green garden. She captioned the snaps: "Pool party for 1." Her Strictly Come Dancing sister Tilly was quick to take to the comments, leaving two hot looking emojis. Liz Hurley's son Damian Hurley also commented with a red heart and flame emoji. However, her famous dad Gordon teased that his daughter looked like she belonged in the Love Island villa. He wrote: "I thought you were off to Love Island?" alongside a red heart. Holly is not one to shy away from sharing bikini snaps with father Gordon voicing his support for his daughter. It comes after Holly celebrated a year without alcohol in December, with dad Gordon branding her an "an incredible young lady." DON'T MISS... Tom Hanks, 65, sparks concern amongst fans with 'very thin' frame [INSIGHT]Jane Seymour, 71, showcases curves in figure-hugging red swimsuit [ANALYSIS]Tamzin Outhwaite, 51, showcases incredible figure in black bikini [UPDATE] In a candid post, Holly opened up on her struggle with alcohol. She told her followers: "I chose to take a break from alcohol because it wasn't improving my mental health - which for me, comes first. "This time last year I was at my lowest and I was scared but I made a decision to take control of what I could- and that meant removing alcohol from my life." Soon after she marked the milestone in a candid post, Holly jetted off to the Maldives to celebrate the occasion. In a series of dazzling snaps, Holly documented her exotic break away after the festivities. One post showed her donning a leopard-print string bikini as she posed on a glass balcony which overlooked a rainforest. In another, Holly relaxed on a sandy beach in a gingham print bikini as she dipped her toes in the ocean.