Andrey Rublev conceded a point to his opponent Marin Cilic deep into their French Open quarter-final after the Croat pleaded with the umpire to overturn a line call. The 2014 US Open champion believed his ball was in and the seventh seed initially thought the shot was out but conceded and agreed to replay the point. Cilic was serving at 1-1 in the fifth set of his French Open quarter-final against Rublev when one of his shots was called out and the chair umpire checked the mark, confirming it was out. Rublev had circled the mark to show the shot was out but he former world No 3 could then be heard pleading with the umpire as he refused to believe the ball was out. "No, no, no, no, no, no," the 20th seed said, arguing at the net. "Please, please, please, please," he continued, as he was told the mark showed his shot had landed outside of the line. In a confusing but classy decision, the Russian then decided to concede the point to his opponent and agreed to replay it instead of taking a 0-15 advantage on the Croat's serve, despite initially believing the ball was out. JUST IN: Nadal warned over one player who can trouble him at French Open  Cilic applauded his opponent in gratitude but was then pushed to deuce in the game, managing to hold for 2-1. The 24-year-old's classy gesture came in the head of battle after more than three hours played, with Rublev having taken the fourth set to force a decider. The world No 7 is playing arguably the biggest match of his career as he attempts to reach a maiden Grand Slam semi-final, while Cilic is into his first Major quarter-final since 2018. DON'T MISSJohn McEnroe furious at Rafael Nadal for tactics in Novak Djokovic winNadal and Djokovic 'bring out best in each other' in French Open clashNovak Djokovic moans Rafael Nadal French Open tie 'started too late'  Cilic has not reached a Grand Slam semi-final since his run to the 2018 Australian Open final, where he came from two-sets-down against Roger Federer but ultimately lost in five while the Swiss star won his 20th Major title. He had upset Rublev's compatriot and the world No 2 Daniil Medvedev in the previous round to make his first last-eight appearance since that run in Melbourne and had a two-sets-to-one lead over the seventh seed before being dragged into a fifth set.