Prince William, who will celebrate his 40th birthday on Tuesday, and Kate have increasingly become more prominent members of the British Royal Family in the past few years. Speaking on GB News, royal expert Charles Rae discussed the couple's increased engagement with The Firm, particularly in recent months, and how the royal pair are "modernising" the monarchy. Speaking to GB News' host Nana Akua, Mr Rae said: "He [William] is growing in stature. "He is growing closer to his father [Prince Charles]." He added: "It's interesting that William and Charles are now the two leading lights in the Royal Family and advising the Queen of what's going on." Referring to the Queen's absence during most of the Jubilee weekend events, he said: "We saw what happened last week with the Jubilee". READ MORE: Prince William 'still furious' with BBC over Bashir scandal – 'Anger was palpable' Mr Rae also pointed at the recent Garter Day Ceremony as an example of Prince William starting to exert his influence more openly. He pointed out how William reportedly said "look if Prince Andrew turns up, I'm not turning up.' "He got a lot of stature coming on". Ms Akua added: "Well, he also did that lovely thing, didn't he, he wrote a letter to the lady who lost her partner during the Capitol Riots. "That was lovely, wasn't it". READ MORE: Netflix wants Harry and Meghan 'to explain why they were booed' during Jubilee visit She added that the Duke told the lady, in the letter, that "he watched the documentary". Mr Rae said: "I think we are seeing more and more of William and Catherine doing that sort of thing. "They are bringing the Royal Family slap bang into modern times". The royal expert pointed out that Charles will be a "caretaker king" when he takes on the role. DON'T MISS Prince Andrew 'causing almighty row' as aides [INSIGHT]Kate and Meghan 'right in step' with royal Jubilee memo [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry caught in Netflix 'mess' after master plan ruined [VIDEO] Mr Rae said: "He'll [Charles] be lucky, with the greatest of respect, to see a twenty-fifth Jubilee, really, which means William could be sixty when he becomes King, and then we've got George, so he's a caretaker for William really". As the Queen's eldest child, Charles is next in the line of succession. Charles is followed by his eldest son, William. In royal tradition, eight-year-old Prince George, William's eldest child and first son, is third in line.