Jason Canelo made his first appearance as Cesar Madrigal on the third season of The Rookie, in the episode titled ‘Brave Heart.’ Where he was introduced as the son of criminal royalty who is impulsive, entitled and in line to take over his father’s empire. However, the actor could be turning his back on the series after securing a huge leading role in an upcoming horror ‘Stay Safe.’   According to Deadline, Stay Safe will be about a Pandemic Hotzone with Canela as Patricio and his co-star Kate Miner as Eva. The publication reported: “Stationed on the front lines of a Pandemic Hotzone, the pic follows Army Surgeon Eva’s attempt to uncover the truth behind a subliminal message she received from a patient.” However, the medic will have a lot to take on as she will also be dealing with the unexpected arrival of an illegal immigrant into her home. As the cast has kept tight-lipped about Stay Close, it's yet to be revealed what personality Canela will have to take on to accurately portray Patricio.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry Netflix doc slammed for Jubilee presence by Ferrari Thankfully, Deadline also reported Stay Close had officially entered post-production and revealed Katalina Viteri would also be starring in the series. The actor took to Instagram to share the news with fans who celebrated and congratulated him in the comments. Alongside the screenshot of the Deadline article, the post was captioned: “So grateful to be working alongside [Kate Miner] and the rest of our [Stay Safe Movie] team. “Thank you to the team over at [Deadline] for showing love.”  Canela added: “I feel so blessed to be doing what I love and I will never ever take these moments for granted. “A SPECIAL THANK YOU TO [Ed Arenas] WHO HAS ALWAYS BELIEVED IN ME SINCE DAY 1, YOU ARE FAMILY AND I WILL ALWAYS CHERISH YOU BROTHER.” Fans flooded his comment section with excitement and praise, including @Dclayton22 who wrote: “Congratulations U r blessed, love your talent.” A second fan @ssjones8 added: “Congrats, Jason! Loved you as Arturo (still miss you and Abby!) It's wonderful to see your career continue to thrive!”  DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald fumes over filming interruption 'Punch their lights out' [INSIGHT]The Rookie season 4 finale dealt ratings blow after ‘Chenford’ tease [INSIGHT]The Rookie finale: Fans swoon as Chen and Bradford kiss teases romance [REACTION] An excited @stouties remarked: “Oooo I love thrillers.” While @Angelica_mcd stated: “Can’t wait to watch this!” Another of famous faces also took to the comment section to share their well wishes for Canelo. This included his co-star Kate Miner, who shared: “So fun working with you.”  Fellow actor Amoury Nolasco commented: “F**K YEAH !! That’s my boy, CONGRATS PAPI !! Well deserved!” In the past, Canela starred in A&E’s The Glades, Josh Waller’s Camino, Fox’s Pitch and Netflix’s Always be my Maybe. Thankfully for fans, The Rookie will return to screens later this year with the release of season five. As Stay Safe is in post-production, this means filming had already wrapped and bosses were getting it ready for release. Express.co.uk will be updated with more information. 