Royal fans were delighted by the announcement that Princess Anne's only son Peter Phillips was engaged to Autumn Kelly back in 2007. Autumn was received into the Church of England, and the couple wed among their friends and family at St George's Chapel, Windsor in 2008. The couple were married for several years and they share two children, but as of 2021 Autumn and Peter are divorced.   Autumn, who is from Montreal in Quebec, had been raised Roman Catholic and had attended Roman Catholic schools. And if Autumn had remained a Roman Catholic at the time of their marriage, Peter would have had to relinquish his place in the line of succession due to the Act of Settlement 1701. The Act was designed so that only a Protestant could succeed to the throne of England. No one Roman Catholic, or anyone married to a Roman Catholic, could inherit the throne. Some aspects of the Act of Settlement were changed by the Succession to the Crown Act (2013). Under this Act, royals who marry a Roman Catholic no longer have to give up their place in the line of succession. If Autumn had remained a Roman Catholic at the time of their marriage, Peter would have had his place restored in the line of succession when the Succession to the Crown Act came into force in 2015. READ MORE: The royal rule Archie will have to abide by that won't affect Lilibet  Prince Michael of Kent, the Queen's first cousin, saw his place in the line of succession restored in 2015. He had lost his place as 15th in line when he married Princess Michael of Kent in 1978, as she is a Roman Catholic. However, the Succession to the Crown Act did not change the provision that Roman Catholics lose their place in the line of succession. For this reason, the Duke of Kent's son, Lord Nicholas Windsor, still does not hold a place in the line of succession after being received into the Roman Catholic Church in the early 2000s. Two of the Duke of Kent's grandchildren through his eldest child George Windsor, Earl of St Andrews, also relinquished their places in the line of succession on the grounds of faith. Edward Windsor, Lord Downpatrick, the future Duke of Kent, is a Roman Catholic like his sister Lady Marina Windsor.  As of 2022, Peter Phillips is 18th in line to the throne behind his mother Princess Anne. Despite being the Queen's eldest grandchild, Peter's position in the line of succession is relatively low because a system of male-preference primogeniture was in place in the British monarchy until the Succession to the Crown Act replaced it with a system of absolute primogeniture. No royal child born after October 28, 2011, can displace another royal in the line of succession based on gender, and it is for this reason that Prince Louis of Cambridge remains fifth in line to the throne behind his older sister, Princess Charlotte. The Succession to the Crown Act does not apply to royals born before this date, so Princess Anne remains below her younger brothers Prince Andrew and Prince Edward, despite being the Queen's second child. Princess Anne's only son Peter Phillips was born in 1977, and he and his younger sister Zara Tindall are the only two of the Queen's eight grandchildren not to hold any titles. Both have gone on to build their own successful careers away from the royal spotlight. 