Brooks Koepka sent fans into a frenzy on social media after a teasing social media post amid the chaos of the Saudi LIV Golf fallout. The eight-series circuit commenced yesterday at the Centurion Club in Hertfordshire and has been the talk of the sporting world this week. Many players on the PGA Tour, such as Rory McIlroy and Justin Thomas have been very outspoken on the breakaway tour, and Brooks Koepka amusingly thought he'd get involved in the chaos. The American took to Twitter and posted a series of eye emojis on the eve of the league’s first ever tournament. Some golf fans believed he may have been referencing the LIV series and they jumped in the comments fearing he may be considering a switch from the PGA Tour. “DON'T GO TO THE OTHER SIDE BROOKS! You have a lot of majors left in you,” the passionate @debcurtis60 tweeted in response. “Honestly?? How does cutting a field to 48 grow a game..... just be honest, it's all about the money,” @PGHarkins said. “Wow! Golf is going to completely lose their fan base,” @pghgolf88 added, seemingly convinced Koepka was hinting at joining the LIV series, which his younger brother Chase is taking part in. JUST IN: Lee Westwood left red-faced over Saudi LIV Golf switch after European Super League post  However, it turns out the 32-year-old was hyping up NFL star Saquon Barkley, a fellow Nike athlete who Koepka is friends with. The four-time major winner pledged his loyalty to the PGA Tour back in February, but for some players those words proved to be futile.  "As you know, players listed below did not receive the necessary conflicting event and media rights releases - or did not apply for releases at all - and their participation in the Saudi Golf League / LIV Golf Event is in violation of our Tournament Regulations. This same fate holds true for any other players who participate in future Saudi Golf League events. These players have made their choice for their own financial-based reasons. “But they can't demand the same PGA Tour membership benefits, considerations, opportunities and platform as you. That expectation disrespects you, our fans and our partners. You have made a different choice, which is to abide by tournament regulations you agreed to when you accomplished the dream of earning a PGA Tour card and - more importantly - to compete as part of the preeminent organisations in the world of professional golf."