The Chair of the European Parliament's delegation to the EU-UK Parliamentary Partnership Assembly, Nathalie Loiseau, in reponse to the Government's Northern Ireland Bill, said on Monday: "The EU will remain calm, we will remain united. There will be no renegotiation of the Protocol. Respected Government's don't break international law. As responsible politicians we must find solutions when there are problems, not invent problems when there are solutions."   Prime Minister Boris Johnson insisted a Government plan to effectively override parts of the Brexit deal with Brussels was "not a big deal". His comments came as he was warned the move would "deeply damage" relations with the European Union and Republic of Ireland. The Bill to amend the Northern Ireland Protocol unilaterally is being introduced in Parliament today (June 13) amid controversy over whether the legislation will break international law. Ireland's Foreign Affairs Minister Simon Coveney claimed the plan would ratchet up tension and breach the UK's international commitments.    But Mr Johnson insisted the legislation would introduce relatively simple, bureaucratic changes, warning it would be a gross overreaction if Brussels sought to retaliate by triggering a trade war. The EU is keeping its options open on how to respond to any move by the Government to rip up parts of the agreement, which was signed by Mr Johnson on Northern Ireland's post-Brexit trading arrangements. Irish premier Micheal Martin said it is regrettable the UK is to renege on an international treaty. Mr Martin, speaking in Co Cork on Monday, said the way to resolve the impasse is through substantive negotiations.    He said: "It's very regrettable for a country like the UK to renege on an international treaty. "I think it represents a new low point because the natural expectation of democratic countries like ourselves, the UK and all across Europe is that we honour international agreements that we enter into." Chipping Barnet MP Theresa Villiers, a former Northern Ireland secretary, told BBC Radio 4's World at One that Foreign Secretary Liz Truss is looking to do with the protocol is to make reasonable amendments which are "crucial" to saving the political institutions established under the Good Friday Agreement. She said: "The protocol as it stands is causing significant, political instability and that just has to be dealt with"  Critics of the protocol say it is harming trade between the province and the rest of the UK. After Britain exited the EU, trading arrangements for goods in Northern Ireland continued to be aligned with the EU in order to protect the bloc's single market. Checks on goods entering Northern Ireland are currently made at the province's ports in order to avoid a hard border between the region and the Republic. Unionists in Northern Ireland oppose the current arrangement, while Republicans support the deal. A DUP abstention after May's local elections meant the province's assembly could not elect a speaker, effectively paralysing Stormont. Sinn Fein's Stormont leader Michelle O'Neill said on Monday that Boris Johnson's plan to amend the Northern Ireland Protocol is "reckless and disgraceful''.  She said: "Boris Johnson's action is illegal, he is in clear breach of international law, regardless of the detail. "He himself signed up to an agreement, he signed on the dotted line and he's now legislating to breach that international agreement." But Ms Villiers told the BBC that the Government has been clear that the Bill is not going to break international law. She added: "We do need to take action. Of course it would be preferable to have a negotiated outcome at this stage but the negotiations will continue. What the Government is proposing what I think would deliver compliance. It would secure the integrity of the single market, but it would deal with a number of these deep-seated problems with the protocol."  A spokesman for Ireland's Department of Foreign Affairs said Mr Coveney told Ms Truss that publishing legislation that would breach the UK's commitments under international law, the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement and Northern Ireland Protocol is deeply damaging to relationships "on these islands and between the UK and EU". He added that the plan marked a "particular low point in the UK's approach to Brexit, especially as Ms Truss has not engaged with negotiations with the EU in any meaningful way since February". As well as talks with Mr Coveney, Ms Truss has also spoken to European Commission vice-president Maros Sefcovic about the Government's action. In a sign of the UK's frustration at Brussels' stance, Ms Truss said: "Our preference is a negotiated solution, but the EU must be willing to change the protocol itself."    Government sources said Ms Truss was not "picking a fight" with the EU but was focused on preserving the Belfast/Good Friday Agreement and Brussels' refusal to alter the protocol meant unilateral action was required. If it gets through parliament, the Bill will give ministers powers to override elements of the protocol, which was jointly agreed by Mr Johnson's Government and the EU as part of the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement to keep the Irish land border free-flowing. The Northern Ireland Protocol Bill will see the Government reduce checks on the movement of goods across the Irish Sea. This could include establishing a "green lane" to remove all customs processes for goods moving within the United Kingdom and enable the frictionless movement of agri-food goods staying in Northern Ireland. A separate, "red lane" would be set up for goods bound for the Republic of Ireland, aligning with EU rules.  