How you organise your fridge can have a great impact on the longevity of the food inside, how efficiently the white good works, and thus in turn how much it costs you to run. With the cost of living on the rise, people are being encouraged to organise their fridges properly to save money on food. The penny-pinching pros at NetVoucherCodes.co.uk have revealed how you should be organising your fridge. John Stirzaker from NetVoucherCodes.co.uk said: “The way we store our foods has an impact on how long they last and how much energy our fridge uses up. “Different areas of the fridge have different temperatures, it’s important to store our foods accordingly. “Raw foods in the coldest part, dairy products in the middle and condiments in the door. “I think one of the biggest mistakes we all make is keeping our milk in the door. “It seems like the most obvious place for it but what we don’t realise is that we’re disrupting its temperature every time we open and close the door.” READ MORE: Why you should never boil rice - correct way to cook rice The majority of us keep milk and other dairy products on the door shelves in our fridge but this is the warmest part of the fridge. The temperature gets disrupted each time you open and close the door so things like cheese should not be kept there. Instead, use the door to store condiments and sauces and store dairy products on the middle shelf. DON'T MISS...Get rid of slugs and snails with clever food hack ‘They hate it!' [GARDENING]Weight loss: 10 ‘fat-burning’ foods that target stubborn belly fat [GUIDE]Why you shouldn’t use whitening toothpaste according to a dentist [EXCLUSIVE] It’s also very common for people to store eggs in the doors of fridges, especially as some come with built-in egg holders. But just like milk, you shouldn’t be exposing eggs to constant temperature changes. Eggs and dairy products are fine on the middle shelf of the fridge. Things like fish and meat should be kept in the coldest part of the fridge. The coldest part of the fridge varies depending on the one you have - it could be at the back of the bottom shelf or on the very top shelf. The best way to figure this out is to use a thermometer. If you’re not already, keep your vegetables in the compartment at the bottom of your fridge - the crisper drawer. Crisper drawers hold in moisture which will keep your vegetables fresher for longer. Leftovers should only be eaten around a day or two after they’ve been made, so we don’t need to worry too much about keeping these too cold and too fresh for a long time. That means they’re perfectly fine sitting on the top and middle shelves. When stocking up on new foods, be sure to bring any older items to the front of the fridge to ensure these get used up first. This will allow you to see what is about to expire and you can avoid anything being wasted. You might be surprised to hear this but it is possible to overfill your fridge. Having too many items in there too close together restricts circulation which could ultimately affect how long your foods stay fresh.