Met Office thunderstorm warnings span two days across the UK, with alerts for both rain and thunderstorms. The bulk of the thunderstorms are forecast to hit on Sunday, with many across Britain enjoying the last day of a four day weekend. Many have awoken to grey skies and heavy rain, with today's Jubilee Pageant at risk of seeing rain. The areas most at risk of seeing downpours are covered by a yellow rain warning. This is in place from 7pm today until 4am on Monday and includes the East Midlands, East of England and Yorkshire and Humber. Met Office Chief Meteorologist, Dan Suri, said: “In contrast to last night and this morning, more places within the warning area on Sunday are likely to see heavy rain and thunderstorms. "Where thunderstorms do occur impacts from heavy rain and frequent lightning strikes are possible. Read More: 'Shameless' Sturgeon provokes furious backlash at Jubilee concert “A few places could see 15 to 20 mm of rain within an hour, with a small chance of 50mm in an hour, most likely over parts of the Midlands, southeast England and East Anglia whilst the risk of thunderstorms over the northern part of the warning is smaller. “Then, during Sunday afternoon new showers, some heavy and thundery, are likely over the southern or so third of the UK. North of the warning area in Northern England and Scotland conditions will be much more settled. “If you’re planning outside events for Sunday, please keep a regular eye on the forecast for your area for any updates.” A separate warning is in place for thunderstorms starting today at 1pm and lasting until 11.59pm. Current lightning maps don't show any storms across the UK, but Express.co.uk will update this page when lightning does strike. You can also check the live lightning tracker HERE. The thunderstorm warning area includes London and South East England, South West England, Wales and West Midlands. Specifically, these areas are at risk of seeing thunder today from 1pm London & South East England DON'T MISSWoman claims Union Jack leaves her feeling 'very unsafe' [INSIGHT]Commuters to face ‘damaging’ impact as Underground strike hits [ANALYSIS]4 'strange' ways to keep cut flowers fresh in summer [EXPLAINED] South West England Wales West Midlands Today's Jubilee Pageant is due to begin at 2.30pm, with dozens of famous faces performing and showing their support for the Queen. They may face grey skies and rain, with the latest Met Office forecast for London showing no signs of rain breaking through. Across the UK many have been celebrating the four day Jubilee bank holiday weekend with street parties, however, some may be cut short if the deluge hits. The Met Office advises those in the thunderstorm warning area: "Heavy showers and thunderstorms are expected to break out this afternoon and evening, perhaps merging to give longer spells of rain in places, more especially later this afternoon and this evening. "Torrential downpours are expected at times with 15 to 30 mm rain falling in an hour or so in some spots and 30 to 40 mm perhaps building up over two or three hours in a few places. "These showers will then fade during the course of this evening, but only slowly in some areas, especially over south Wales, the West Country and south Midlands."