Hobs can get dirty very easily and most of the time, it is easy to forget to clean it after every use. When not cleaned regularly, food can become dried on, which makes it a nightmare to remove which is what had happened with my hob. With all the nooks and crannies around each ring, I had been putting the job off for ages, until I saw Elbow Grease’s All Purpose Degreaser. The cleaning spray claims to be formulated to remove grease and oil in all situations. It is ideal for removing grease spots from fabrics and porous materials. The brand behind the spray said: “The ultimate power degreasing properties of this cleaner make it the only cleaner you will ever need, the uses are endless. “Elbow Grease cleans pots, pans, kitchen tops, ovens, microwaves, showers, sinks, BBQs, and much, much more.” READ MORE: Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow To start with I took the top of my hob off and gave it a good spray with the cleaning product. I left half of the product to sit for 10 minutes while I began to scrub the other half straight away. I did this to see if the product needed time to work before being worked into the hob. Taking an Elbow Grease scourer, I rubbed the product gently to make sure it didn’t scratch the top of the hob. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ way to brighten clothing and bedding [COMMENT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer faces damp nightmare [VIDEO]Most expensive UK seaside towns named - where property is over £500k [EXPLAINER] The grease and dried food began to dislodge with ease straight away. Within minutes the hob looked brand new and I couldn’t believe how well the spray worked. After cleaning the entire hob, I realised that the product didn’t need time to sit at all, it got to work straight away. Once I had buffed the cleaning spray into the hob, I took a microfibre cloth to wipe away any excess left behind. I also wondered whether or not the product would leave behind marks because I have had that problem with a lot of other products. But the Elbow Grease spray didn’t leave behind any residue at all. To put it to the test even further, I sprayed it in my sink, which is also stainless steel. Like the hob, the gunk dissolved almost straight away. Both of the cleaning jobs took under 10 minutes to complete. The spray is now a staple in my cleaning cupboard and I love that it has so many uses. I really like a versatile product as it means there is less likely to be waste. The cleaning product can be picked up in various supermarkets such as Asda for as little as £1.