The Duke and Duchess of Sussex appeared at one public event as the nation honoured the monarch's historic 70 year-long reign. Harry and Meghan joined some 40 royals at the National Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral in London on Friday, June 3. Angela Levin, author of Harry: A Biography of a Prince, told The Sun : "The thing that really stood out for me on that day was Harry's anger – he wears his emotions on his face and he looked absolutely furious. "He could have been feeling lots of things, I don't know whether he had a wave of feeling at what he had given up. "He is self-destructive and might regret what he has lost, maybe he was recalling bad memories and was wishing he hadn't come at all." Harry and Meghan were spotted through a window during the Queen's Birthday Parade, Trooping the Colour, but did not appear on the balcony of Buckingham Palace where only working royals joined the sovereign.  Friday's appearance was the Sussexes first alongside the Windsors since they stepped down as senior royals in 2020. The couple continued to maintain a low profile over the Jubilee weekend, missing a star-studded concert in front of Buckingham Palace on Saturday, June 4. A spokesperson for the couple said the Duke and Duchess were spending the day privately as they marked the first birthday of their daughter Lilibet. The Sussexes enjoyed a private picnic at Frogmore Cottage in Windsor along with family friend and photographer Misan Harriman, who photographed Lilibet in a blue dress and white bow to mark the occasion.  READ MORE ABOUT A GIRL, 14, ALMOST DYING AFTER MAN IGNORE FLIGHT'S PEANUT WARNING Harry and Meghan's low profile over the Jubilee led Sky News Australia's foreign correspondent Annelise Nielsen to claim they had been "completely separated" from senior royals during the celebrations. She said: "This is just a very good example of how they haven’t kept the relationship going in the United Kingdom. "But they had every potential to play a more significant part in the Jubilee weekend but they really were sidelined. "We only saw them briefly at Trooping the Colour, in that long grainy photo with their very junior cousins, and then at the Service of Thanksgiving where they were completely separated from all the senior royals.  DON'T MISS: Brexit fury: Britons living in EU slam 's*** show" [REVEALED] Royal Family: Queen's two-word response to Meghan and Harry [LATEST] Harry and Meghan expected royals to 'drop everything for them' [REPORT] "That 20 minutes where they had to sit and wait for Kate and Wills, and Prince Charles and Camilla, really put into focus just where they sit in the world. They are outsiders." Lady Colin Campbell claimed the couple had missed a Guildhall reception after the service at St Paul's because they were worried about only being “third-tier” royals. Speaking to GB News, she claimed: "They are worried their brand has been irretrievably damaged by the fact the whole world knows that they have only third-tier roles." Meanwhile, the trial of two men, including one accused of being a white supremacist who allegedly described the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's son Archie as an "abomination that should be put down" in his online podcast, is due to continue today.    According to the prosecution, Christopher Gibbons, 38, also called for Harry to be "prosecuted" and "judicially killed for treason" in the Black Wolf Radio chat show he hosted with Tyrone Patten-Walsh, 34, a jury was told on Tuesday. The pair are said to have hated mixed race relationships and used Harry's marriage to Meghan as an example. Mr Gibbons, of Carshalton, south London, and Mr Patten-Walsh, of Romford, Essex, are on trial at Kingston Crown Court. They have pleaded not guilty to encouraging acts of extreme right-wing terrorism through their podcast between March 3 2019 and February 9 2020.   Mr Gibbons denies a further count of disseminating terrorist publications by uploading videos to an online stash called The Radicalisation Library between April 2018 and February 2020. Prosecutor Anne Whyte QC told jurors: "They reserve particular hatred for mixed race relationships, and they use Prince Harry and Meghan Markel's marriage and children as prime examples of this. "Christopher Gibbons referred to his views that the Sussex's baby was an abomination that should be put down and Prince Harry should be prosecuted and found guilty and judicially killed for treason." The trial continues. 