With Chelsea’s Romelu Lukaku linked with a £20 million to Inter Milan, the Belgian striker could enter history as one of the most expensive loan moves of all time. Here Express Sport looks at some of the other eye-wateringly expensive loan deals to have taken place within the sport. Kylian Mbappe to PSG - £45m The French forward recently ended months of transfer speculation by announcing that he had signed a new deal with the Parisians. Given this, it is easy to forget that he initially signed for the club on loan as the French giants sought to circumvent financial fair play rules following the £200m signing of Neymar. Mbappe joined the club for a world record loan fee of £45m in 2017. The deal included an obligation to buy clause taking the final sum to £166m, the second most expensive transfer of all time.  Gareth Bale to Tottenham - £20m Bale’s return to England in 2020 was met with much fanfare as Tottenham supporters turned out in force to celebrate the return of one of their best-ever players. The Wales captain had a deceptively good season back in North London, scoring 16 times in 34 games. However, Spurs did part with a lot of money for the talisman’s one-season return, with the move rumoured to cost around £20m including vast salary figures. Philippe Coutinho to Bayern Munich - £19m The little Brazilian is fresh from another loan spell this season at Aston Villa which was quickly made permanent at the end of the season. However, it was not the first time the playmaker had found himself loaned out by Barcelona. Bayern Munich forked out around £19m to sign Coutinho for the 2019/20 season. The midfielder failed to impress during his stay in Bavaria - but he did manage to leave Germany with a Champions League winners medal. Notably, scoring twice against his parent club in an 8-2 thrashing in the quarter finals. Radamel Falcao to Manchester United - £16m The Colombian’s move to Manchester United from Monaco was one of the biggest of the 2014 transfer window, arriving on deadline day. He struggled in Manchester, scoring just four times, having only just recovered from a serious knee injury. The move was a costly failure, with each goal costing around £4m. Falcao went on to have a similarly unsuccessful spell on loan at Chelsea the next season. However the deal was less costly for the London club as they only covered his wages of £180,000, about £9m over the course of the season. Giovanni Lo Celso to Tottenham - £15m Lo Celso had been one of Spurs’ major transfer targets in the 2019 summer transfer window and initially joined in a £15m loan deal from Real Betis. The move eventually cost Tottenham around £66m after the club were forced to pay a £51m obligation to buy. The Argentine flopped in North London scoring just once in the Premier League. He has spent the second half on-loan at Villarreal having fallen badly out of favour with boss Antonio Conte. Carlos Tevez to Manchester United - £10m The Argentine has made headlines again today as he announced his retirement from football. In 2007, his move from West Ham to Manchester United made headlines as the Reds forked out £10m for a two year loan deal. The fee came before the rapid inflation of transfer prices in the last 15 years so would have likely been much higher today. Tevez was hugely successful during his stay on the west side of Manchester. The striker scored 19 times, helping the club win the Champions League and two Premier League titles. United agreed to take up their option to sign him at the end of the 2008/09 season but the forward turned them down, joining rivals Manchester City instead in one of the most sensational transfers in the league’s history.