Channel One Russia has accused Her Majesty’s Government of attempting to distract from important political affairs by celebrating The Queen’s 70 years on the throne. The station is perhaps best known in the UK for its brief broadcast of an anti-war protest by one of its own employees, before producers hurriedly panned the screen to another report. A host suggested the celebrations were overly lavish given that costs are rising across a range of goods. He said: “The UK, which as a consequence of its sanctions against Russia is bracing for power cuts, has found the money for an opulent celebration of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee.” The host did not make reference to other factors including the war itself, regardless of sanctions, and, more long-term, lockdowns which heavily impacted supply chains. Jubilee celebrations are also expected to prompt an around £6billion spending spree in retail and hospitality in a boost for the economy. Spending for the event was considered in the Chancellor’s budget last year, when he set aside £28million of taxpayers’ money. Following his 2022 Spring Statement, Rishi Sunak did concede that sanctions against Russia “are not cost free for us here at home”. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss also said we will “have to undergo some economic hardship as a result of our sanctions”. She added “our hardships are nothing compared to those endured by the people of Ukraine”. READ MORE: Boris panic as Tories could oust PM ‘by accident’ After the Channel One host branded the Jubilee as “opulent”, a correspondent for the station, translated in MailOnline, went a step further and jibed that the UK handed its “imperial functions” to the US “long ago”. They added the Prime Minister is “trying to revive British influence on the European continent by actively interfering in events in Ukraine”. Numerous UK commentators, and even some Tory MPs, have suggested Boris Johnson is hoping to appear as though he is leading Europe’s response to the ongoing Russo-Ukraine war. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] Brexit has also been touted as having enabled Britain to act more firmly without being dragged down by Brussels. Channel One Russia also insisted the celebrations, despite having been long in the making, were intended only to distract from other matters pulling the Government down in its approval ratings. The correspondent, reporting from London, said the aim of the Jubilee was to “deflect from domestic problems like Downing Street parties during lockdown and a general decline in living standards”. Tory MP Tobias Ellwood, who has submitted a letter of no confidence against Mr Johnson, has called for a “pause” in ‘Partygate’ criticism over the Jubilee weekend. But his plea does not appear to have been heeded, with reports suggesting that plotting is still taking place in the corridors of power. A confidence vote against the Prime Minister could be announced early next week, according to the Guardian.