Yellowstone season five is coming to The Paramount Network on November 13 and fans are keen to find out what is in store for John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner). After narrowly avoiding death at the start of season four, he is more determined than ever to protect his loved ones. Fans believe John may be stepping up in a new role that would see his daughter Beth (Kelly Reilly) take over his beloved ranch. Filming for the fifth season of Yellowstone is underway and the cast teased some thrilling storylines. At the end of the previous season, Beth married Rip (Cole Hauser) and fans may think she finally has a chance to settle down. But the actress suggested drama will be following her wherever she goes ahead of the upcoming episodes. A fan also took to Reddit to share some behind the scenes photos of stars Costner and Reilly. From the images, they have come up with a theory that John Dutton may have won the governor race. READ MORE: Yellowstone’s Rip and Lloyd stars reunite in sweet message The images, which were shared by Reddit user Jalynt13, show Costner and Beth dressed formally. They are standing next to a podium, with the American flag just behind them. Fan AnnaNonna commented: "At first I thought it was a campaign event but then I noticed what appears to be a judge...now I think it was a swearing-in ceremony." Sniktal commented: "I don’t love this governor idea, but maybe Rip and Beth will run the ranch, as they should. And maybe the governor can get Rip a proper identity." Viewers have wondered how John will have the time to carry out new duties as well as run the ranch. BuilderTexas said: "If John is governor, who runs the Dutton Ranch? Beth and Rip? I like that." No official storylines for season five have been confirmed at this moment in time. But actress Reilly suggested her days as a married woman will not be lived out in peace. She spoke to Entertainment Tonight about what is in store for her feisty character. She said: "Just when I think Beth might be trying to mellow down a little bit, she's a married woman, that's not happening. DON'T MISS... Could John Dutton die in Yellowstone season 5? [INSIGHT] Yellowstone’s Cole Hauser sends fans wild with Rip Wheeler teaser [DISCUSSION] Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly returns to filming as she confirms big news [INSIGHT] "I mean, the married woman part's happening but the calming down. So, it's just, the fierceness is legitimately ramping up." Reilly opened up about her character's old-fashioned views on marriage. She said: "[Rip's] always been her guy since she was 16 years old. "He's the only man, other than her father, that she's ever loved. "So, the fact that it's official in God's eyes, it's something I think she's incredibly proud of and it probably gives her a little more stability." Beth could be facing other challenges in season five as she continues her feud with Caroline Warner (Jacki Weaver). The Market Equities boss locked horns with Beth in season four, with the former firing Beth for company malpractices. Beth will no doubt be out for revenge as she plans to take down Caroline once and for all. If she is to run the ranch at the same time, she will have a lot of work on her hands.  Yellowstone season 5 airs on The Paramount Network from November 13.