It’s easy to understand why internet searches for advice about obtaining a plane ticket refund have shot up. There’s no sign of the situation improving in the near future, with the boss of budget airline Wizz Air warning ticket prices could increase by 10 percent this summer. Many of us were forced to go without a trip abroad during the Covid-19 pandemic. There were good reasons for this, but the British public now hopes to enjoy a well-deserved break. Perhaps more than anything else, passengers need certainty. That means the ability to book a ticket safe in the knowledge that they will be able to check in and the flight will take off on time. We’re not as good at service in this country as we should be. It’s a long-standing problem but it has grown worse, as the days when you could walk into a travel agent and sort out problems in a face-to-face conversation have largely gone. Many businesses today hide behind an email or automated phone system, making it difficult for customers to speak to a human being. Firms that provide a shoddy service will eventually be punished by customers voting with their feet. But the British public also needs someone within the government to champion the cause of the consumer, with the power to stand up to businesses providing a service that is simply not acceptable. ------------------------- The UK has led the way in opposing Russia’s brutal invasion of Ukraine, so it appears surprising that Russian fishing vessels are still allowed to operate in our waters. It’s the result of a 1999 agreement between the Faroe Island government and the UK government. As the National Federation of Fishermen’s Organisations points out, the situation highlights the extent to which we are reliant on Russian whitefish. This must be addressed urgently. It is a moral issue where we need to take a stand, and there should be no doubt about our solidarity with the Ukrainian people. ----------------------------- A decision by the BBC to shift veteran presenters Tony Blackburn and Gary Davies from their current Radio 2 slots appears designed to bring in a younger audience. But there’s nothing to be gained by driving away the audience you have. Given the variety of ways younger people listen to music today, there are plenty of opportunities for the BBC to give the likes of DJ Spoony a platform. That doesn’t have to mean depriving older listeners of their favourite shows. The BBC should think again.