A Dutch start-up company has revealed plans to put the new car into limited production this year and while the vehicle carries a hefty price tag, it will be able to undertake charge-less driving for months on end under solar power. Lightyear, founded in the Netherlands in 2016, is making 949 models featuring curved solar panels across the car’s bonnet and roof. The power generated by the sun will add almost 45 miles of driving range per day, reported Bloomberg. Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder Lex Hoefsloot said: “Electric cars are a step in the right direction, but they are dependent on the grid, which is still dependent on mostly fossil fuel energy. “Adding a new source, the sun, adds certainty that you will always have that charge and you will have to charge a lot less often.” READ MORE: Petrol stations reveal the ‘shocking’ amount of money they make He was speaking at the reveal of the £215,000 Lightyear 0 model. The company states that the car allows two months of driving without charging in Amsterdam during summer and as many as seven months in Portugal. It will be manufactured in Finland by Valmet Automotive, a company specialising in battery systems. Cars powered by the sun haven’t usually made it beyond the prototype stage because of the large surface area required by solar panels. Lightyear has reportedly already driven the car more than 700 kilometres (500 miles) on a single charge of a 60 kilowatt-hour battery. Following the small production run of the Lightyear 0, the company plans to make a more affordable model at a starting price of 30,000 euros. Full production is set to start in late 2024 or early 2025. It comes as drivers were urged to switch to electric cars sooner rather than later due to the spiralling cost of petrol and diesel. Experts at MotorEasy put together a list of the best value EVs currently on the market.  They analysed used electric cars that lose their value the quickest, meaning a sudden and noticeable drop in the asking price. Duncan McClure Fisher, CEO at MotorEasy said: “Buying a new car at the moment is quite a challenge, thanks to waiting lists and inflated prices. "If you’re happy buying used, a car two or three years old can save you a fortune."  The top-four included: The Kia SoulJaguar I-PaceRenault ZoeSmart ForTwoEQ