The US President fell face first on to the asphalt after cycling up to his supporters. President Biden had stopped to greet them when he lost his footing on the pedal. The 79-year-old was forced to let go of the handlebars to break his fall. Security officials quickly swooped in and he was back on his feet. Twitter users were quick to react to the president's tumble. Journalist Benny Johnson wrote: "Joe Biden collapses while riding bike. Look at this picture. This man is not well." While Margret Plinth added: "Poor guy. He is like 90, can’t ride his old man bike in peace, when he falls everyone in the world sees it. I feel bad for him." READ MORE: Biden mocked by Russian pundit who confirms US soldiers have no chance President Biden explained to onlookers that his "foot got caught" on his pedal. He said he was "good" before continuing his bike ride. It comes as Texas Republican representative Ronny Jackson has claimed US President Joe Biden does not appear to be "physically or cognitively fit". He has urged the president to be tested as his job is "demanding". Speaking to Fox News host Sean Hannity, Mr Jackson said: "He's not physically or cognitively fit to be our president right now. "I know what the rigors of this job are, physically and cognitively - it's demanding. "He's not inspiring confidence. "It's sending the wrong message to our adversaries." DON'T MISS Biden skewered for 'absurd' Ireland Brexit support [INSIGHT]NATO's top secret base helping to CRUSH Putin [ANALYSIS]Nancy Pelosi shows true colours as plot to scupper EU exit exposed [VIDEO] He added: "We need to know that we can trust our president, and we need to know that he's in charge of what's going on and someone else isn't pulling the strings behind the scenes. "Because that's what it looks like now." It comes a year after Mr Biden released a medical assessment which describes him as "healthy and vigorous". Dr. Kevin O’Connor of The George Washington University released a three-page medical summary of president's health. Mr Biden, who survived two brain aneurysms in the late 1980s, has not had any serious medical issues since.