Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong has delivered a blow to Manchester United amid reports linking the Dutchman with a move to Old Trafford. De Jong has emerged as the Red Devils' top target as new boss Erik ten Hag begins his rebuild of the struggling giants. Ten Hag has targeted midfield as his priority area to bring in new faces, having seen Nemanja Matic, Paul Pogba and Jesse Lingard all leave the club. Having worked with De Jong at Ajax, Ten Hag has been keen to link back up with the 25-year-old. De Jong was sold to Barcelona after impressing under Ten Hag in the Netherlands, but the La Liga giants are now prepared to sell him. They need to raise funds for their own rebuild under Xavi, but De Jong has now made it clear that he is not keen to leave the Nou Camp for United. “You are always flattered when teams show interest in you as a player. But I think I am at the biggest club in the world at the moment and feel fine there so there is no news,” he said after the Netherlands defeated Wales on Tuesday. READ MORE: Tottenham make Christian Eriksen offer with Man Utd one of 4 proposals De Jong starred for his country against the Dragons in their final Nations League game of the international break. He played all 90 minutes in midfield, completing 100 per cent of his passes and making eight recoveries. He caught the eye with calmness of the ball and his passing range as Louis van Gaal's men claimed all three points. That puts them at the top of Group D of League A, with two games left to play. DON'T MISS: Man Utd signing Antony or Christopher Nkunku 'depends on one sale' (TRANSFERS)Man Utd 'make offer to Eriksen' as De Jong back-up plan takes shape (NEWS)What Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag said when asked about Pogba contract (INSIGHT) De Jong is understood to be valued at around £70million by Barca, who are open to selling him despite the midfielder's reticence to leave. Xavi insisted last month that De Jong was a key player, but that financial pressures may force a sale. "For me he is a very important player. He has been a starter almost all the time. Bthen there is the economic situation, on which we all depend. He is a player that I like a lot, but we will see what the situation is," the Barca boss said.