Ferrari have been urged to buy Max Verstappen out of his Red Bull contract if they are to become the best team in the sport with the Dutchman racing clear of all the other rivals in the Drivers' Championship. Ferrari got off to a great start this campaign with five podium finishes from a possible six in the first three races of the season. However, reliability concerns have seen the Italian manufacturer plummet down the standings, with both Verstappen and Sergio Perez overtaking Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz as a result. Verstappen now leads the Monegasque star by 46 points going into the British Grand Prix this weekend, making him the favourite to win his second title in a row. And Dutch driver Tom Coronel has advised Mattia Binotto's men to sign Verstappen at all costs if they are to win the Constructors' Championship for the first time since 2008. "Yes, one hundred per cent," Coronel said when asked if Verstappen would fare better at the Prancing Horse. "I've always said that. What is Max's value? It's what Ferrari is willing to pay for it. "That is in any case the reason why Red Bull has signed him for the long term, because then at least you know that you have the best driver in the house. If I were Ferrari, the director of Ferrari, I would now ask: how much will it cost to buy Max away from Red Bull? Who says it can't be done? "I've seen so many things happen with money! Then you see at once what Verstappen is worth. He is worth infinitely; he is worth all of Ferrari." With a faster car than Red Bull's, Ferrari could conceivably challenge for more if they replace Sainz, who is 24 points behind Leclerc in the standings, with Verstappen But having just signed a deal worth £40million-per-year until 2028, it would take a lot for Ferrari to convince the Dutchman to join. Red Bull principal Christian Horner has claimed that Verstappen is in the 'form of his life' after the Canadian Grand Prix last weekend. “Look, we’ve got to take each race at a time," the Brit said. "We’ve put a great run together, it’s great to be heading to Silverstone leading both championships, Max is in the form of his life, the team are doing a great job.”