The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped down from full time royal duties in 2020, and now live in California. While Harry and Meghan returned to the UK for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, reports suggest there is still a rift between the royals and the Sussexes. Andrew Lownie, royal biographer, noted Harry and Meghan’s situation is similar to that of King Edward VIII’s. The former King married Wallis Simpson, an American who had divorced her first husband and was seeking a divorce from her second, which caused a constitutional crisis. When it became apparent he could not marry Wallis and remain on the throne, Edward abdicated the throne and was created Duke of Windsor. Mr Lownie said of Edward: “In 1936, he withdrew from Royal duties to live abroad — but he never quite reconciled himself to his loss of status, and the ensuing years were to be marked by a series of disputes with his family.” Writing in the New York Post, Mr Lownie said; “The first (dispute) was over security, which Buckingham Palace felt the Duke of Windsor should pay for himself. “Despite the squabbling, he ultimately enjoyed police protection until his death — a privilege only accorded to the Sussexes when in Britain. “The second was over finances. Like Prince Harry, the Duke of Windsor had inherited considerable wealth — as well as savings made from the Duchy of Cornwall Estates — but it did not stop him complaining, like Harry, that he had been cut off financially. “Both issues contributed to a breakdown of trust and lingering tensions and suspicions with both the Duke and Harry complaining of poor parenting, fallouts between siblings and sisters-in-law — King George Vl’s wife Elizabeth could only refer to Wallis as ‘That Woman’ — and accusations that the ‘rogue royal’ was trying to upstage the dutiful one.” READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan revelations could tear apart Monarchy After noting other similarities between Harry and Edward, such as legal action against the press and writing memoirs, Mr Lownie warned the Duke could be frozen out of the family. He wrote: “The Windsors were frozen out by the Royal Family. “It will be interesting to see if the same strategy is deployed against the Sussexes.” DON'T MISS Princess Eugenie involved in efforts to manage Harry and Meghan Brexit LIVE: Rejoiners cut down for ignoring 'blindingly obvious' Raducanu allays Wimbledon injury fears ahead of Centre Court date It comes after reports held Harry is invited to a joint birthday celebration for both Prince William, who turned 40 on June 21, and Kate Middleton, who turned 40 in January. Royal expert Neil Sean told The Daily Express: “According to a very good source, Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge, is very keen for Harry to be invited. “[Although] no mention of Meghan, I noted in the quote I was told.”