Leader of the Chechen Republic Ramzan Kadyrov has teased plans for “real special operations” in Ukraine in the “coming days” of the Russian attack. President Kadyrov is a loyal ally of President Putin and has shown vocal support for Russia in the war in Ukraine since the invasion began in February. The repressive ruler of the Chechen Republic has previously threatened allies of Ukraine as international powers continue to supply military equipment to the defensive front. In his latest video message, President Kadyrov said: “In the coming days, you’ll see "real special operations”. He continued: “You’ll see those shaitans fleeing. “Not just from those cities, but from Ukraine too! “Now, we’re getting ready. “We’ll make Russia’s real patriots happy and may our enemies die.” The Chechen leader described Ukrainian citizens as “shaitans,” an Islamic term meaning ‘evil spirits’. The Kremlin ally previously threatened Poland for their support of Ukraine as he said: “What I’m interested in is Poland, what is Poland trying to achieve? “Once Ukraine is done, we can show you what we’re capable of.” Kadyrov, a leader accused of brutal tactics involving human rights abuses in Chechnya, has been a staunch ally of Putin and has consistently encouraged violence in Ukraine. Read more: Ukraine LIVE: Putin war in runs as '11th general dead' The announcement comes as the UK has agreed to send advanced long-range missile systems to the Ukrainian defensive forces. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said “As Russia’s tactics change, so must our support to Ukraine. "These highly capable multiple-launch rocket systems will enable our Ukrainian friends to better protect themselves against the brutal use of long-range artillery, which Putin's forces have used indiscriminately to flatten cities.” The decision follows the American move to provide rocket systems in Ukraine, announced by President Biden last week. Don't miss:UK to supply Ukraine with high mobility rocket systems [REVEAL]Russia strikes Kyiv with missiles for first time since April [REPORT]Nuclear war: Why Vladimir Putin wouldn't fire weapons at the UK [INSIGHT] Similarly to Kadryov, President Putin has warned of “lightning fast” retaliation against international allies of Ukraine. In defiance of Putin’s threats, both the UK and US have committed to providing long-range weaponry to boost the Ukrainian military forces. Despite the recent Russian focus in the east of Ukraine, specifically the Donbas region, Kyiv was again struck by missiles over the bank holiday weekend. The latest intelligence from the Ministry of Defence said: “In the Donbas, heavy fighting continues in the contested town of Severodonetsk and Russian forces continue to push towards Sloviansk as part of their attempted encirclement of Ukrainian forces.”   