Monkfish can be enjoyed in everything from fragrant curries to spiced paella, but have you ever tried it chargrilled on the barbecue? The meaty white fish stands up well to the heat of a hot grill and can be cooked in as little or as much seasoning as you like. Here’s how to make The Good Fish Company’s spiced barbecue monkfish skewers that can be enjoyed by everyone in the bank holiday sunshine. Kebab skewers are the perfect bank holiday barbecue dish, and swapping chicken for monkfish is one of the easiest ways to spice up this classic recipe. For this recipe, you will need a mix of garlic, ginger, cumin and lemon to make the delicate spice that will coat the meaty monkfish fillets. The following quantities will make enough skewers for four people, but this can be easily multiplied to cater for larger groups. READ MORE: Monkfish fishcakes & mustard mayonnaise Once the monkfish has been cut into 3cm cubes, add them to a large bowl and mix in the seasoning. This includes the crushed garlic, minced ginger, cumin seeds, olive oil and lemon juice. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper until you are satisfied with the quantities. To get the most out of the rich flavours, marinate the monkfish in the fridge for at least one hour. The fish will absorb the spiced oil, leaving the monkfish chunks richly seasoned and full of flavour. DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton's 'favourite' dessert - video and recipe [INSIGHT]Queen doesn’t have strawberry jam on her scones - royal chef says [REVEAL]How to make a Victoria sponge - Mary Berry recipe [ANALYSIS] Once the fish has been properly marinated, it's time to add the meaty cubes and vegetables to the skewers. While the pepper and onion are optional, it is a great flavour contrast for the spiced fish. Thread the monkfish cubes, red onion and pepper in an alternating pattern onto the long skewers The Good Fish Company recommended soaking wooden skewers in cold water while the fish marinades to avoid burning on the grill. Using a preheated barbecue, grill the skewers for around four minutes on each side, until cooked through. The fish should feel springy rather than firm once cooked, and the translucent shade should turn white. Take care with the timings as monkfish will quickly turn dry if overcooked. These lightly spiced skewers taste great with everything from barbecued vegetables to grain salads and creamy dips. Try a homemade mint and coriander yoghurt dip mixed with grated onion, cucumber and a little cumin to complement the flavour of the monkfish. Add plenty of fresh green herbs and little olive oil to some jumbo couscous to complete the dish.