Johnny Depp, 58, has been performing around the UK with friend Jeff Beck, during the past week and was even in Newcastle when his victory in the Amber Heard trial was announced. As the Pirates of the Caribbean star took to the stage yesterday in Glasgow, fans could be heard chanting his "innocence" as he sang to the audience. Johnny was met with plenty of support from his audience as he performed in Scotland last night. The actor was at the Glasgow concert hall, being cheered on by more than 3,000 people. The pair performed their hits including What's Going On? and Isolation. The Hollywood actor then returned to the stage later in the evening to perform an encore with The Beatles, A Day in the Life. READ MORE: Piers Morgan's dig at Meghan Markle after Prince Louis' reaction Johnny was stunned when the audience started shouting "innocent, innocent" at him, thrilling the actor. The actor was suing his ex-wife over a 2018 op-ed she penned for The Washington Post where she described herself as "a public figure representing domestic abuse". The Pirates of the Caribbean star was not named in the piece, titled "I spoke up against sexual violence – and faced our culture’s wrath. That has to change". However, Johnny claimed it falsely implied he was a domestic abuser, something he strongly denied, claiming it has affected his work. Amber was counter-suing her former husband for $100 million, accusing Johnny of orchestrating a "smear campaign" against her. She also described this lawsuit as a continuation of the constant "abuse and harassment" she has had since her relationship with Johnny began. Due to Johnny's win, he was awarded $10million in compensation, and $5million in punitive damages, after the jury deliberated for three days. Amber, who will have a chance to appeal the verdict, won $2million back in compensatory damages after winning one of her claims in the countersuit, but $0 in punitive damages. DON'T MISS... Richard E Grant reflects on 'navigating grief' after wife's death [COMMENT] Tom Hanks's 'loneliness of marriage' laid bare [INSIGHT] Bradley Walsh's wife Donna showcases stunning figure in pink bikini [PICS] Johnny released a statement shortly after, reading: "Six years ago, my life, the life of my children, the lives of those closest to me, and also, the lives of the people who for many, many years have supported and believed in me were forever changed. "All in the blink of an eye. False, very serious and criminal allegations were levied at me via the media, which triggered an endless barrage of hateful content, although no charges were ever brought against me. "It had already travelled around the world twice within a nanosecond and it had a seismic impact on my life and my career. "And six years later, the jury gave me my life back. I am truly humbled. "My decision to pursue this case, knowing very well the height of the legal hurdles that I would be facing and the inevitable, worldwide spectacle into my life, was only made after considerable thought. "From the very beginning, the goal of bringing this case was to reveal the truth, regardless of the outcome. "Speaking the truth was something that I owed to my children and to all those who have remained steadfast in their support of me. "I feel at peace knowing I have finally accomplished that. "I am, and have been, overwhelmed by the outpouring of love and the colossal support and kindness from around the world. "I hope that my quest to have the truth be told will have helped others, men or women, who have found themselves in my situation, and that those supporting them never give up. "I also hope that the position will now return to innocent until proven guilty, both within the courts and in the media. "I wish to acknowledge the noble work of the Judge, the jurors, the court staff and the Sheriffs who have sacrificed their own time to get to this point, and to my diligent and unwavering legal team who did an extraordinary job in helping me to share the truth. "The best is yet to come and a new chapter has finally begun. Veritas numquam perit. Truth never perishes."