In a speech in Lancashire, Mr Johnson is expected to vow to boost home ownership as he seeks to repair relations with the 148 Tory MPs who voted to oust him. The Prime Minister is expected to announce that he wants to extend the right to buy to people who rent from housing associations.  It is also expected that he will promise action in the coming weeks to deal with household costs. Mr Johnson will also attempt to use the move as an attempt to try to move on from the partygate debacle. There is also discontent among Conservative MPs at the high level of taxation along with other issues. The Prime Minister's speech is expected to float the idea of allowing people to use housing benefit payments to buy homes and make mortgage payments.  House benefit is usually used to help unemployed or low income people pay their rent. It costs the Government £30billion a year, much of which goes to private landlords. Labour have slammed the policies as a "rehash" of old Conservative policies that show that the Government is "out of ideas". Council tenants have been able to buy their home at a discounted rate since 1980 when the policy was introduced by former Conservative Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. READ MORE: Boris considers sacking 20 frontbench Tories in punishment for plot However, this is not the case for those who rent from housing associations unless tenants lived in the property when it was owned by a local authority. Critics have argued that the right to buy policy has exhausted supplies of social housing that have not been replaced. According to figures for 2020/21, four million households in England live in social housing with 2.4 million renting from housing associations and 1.6 million from local authorities. Proposals to allow housing association tenants the right to buy on a voluntary basis were started during David Cameron's premiership. DON'T MISS: Wizz Air boss blames Brexit Britain's rules over travel chaos [REVEAL]Boris isn’t perfect, but he deserves another chance says CAROLE MALONE [INSIGHT] Stand with Boris or lose the next election, says ANN WIDDECOMBE [SPOTLIGHT]  However, only pilot schemes have been implemented since the idea was in the 2019 Conservative manifesto. Labour's shadow trade secretary Nick Thomas-Symonds blasted the proposals when speaking on BBC Newsnight. He said: "Existing right-to-buy schemes - they've not been replaced like-for-like with other social housing. "Nor is this dealing with the fundamental problem of affordability, and people being able to have affordable homes. "What the Government should be doing is looking at this more broadly. "Have a proper plan to do it, including, for example, looking at the definition of affordability and properly link it to local wages." 