Celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee are currently underway, with Thursday being the first official day of events. Speaking on GB News, Angela Levin discussed the Queen's favourite bedtime tipple. GB News presenter Anne Diamond said: "She must have had a tiring day anyway. "By the time she lit that beacon, it was about quarter to ten or something last evening and even I was ready for bed, nevermind her." She added: "I just like to think that she thought I'll do it, I'll touch the thing, I'll set the beacon off and then I hope somebody inside the doorway sort of said 'come this way, I've got a nice gin and tonic or a nice cup of cocoa', or something, and went and put her to bed". Ms Levin replied: "She's a dubonnet woman". READ MORE: Harry and Meghan get BOOED as they arrive at St Paul's after 'enormous snub' to Queen Ms Diamond said: "Is she?" They all discussed what she would have with the dubonne, with Ms Diamond adding, "Well, I hope they gave her whatever her tipple is" She concluded: "[I hope] they gave her a dressing gown and got her off to bed". Despite attending all events on the first official day of the celebrations, The Queen is not attending the Service of Thanksgiving, which is taking place at St Paul's Cathedral on June 3. READ MORE: 'Very, very frosty' Meghan and Harry's awkward Jubilee reception from other royals exposed Due to ill health, particularly mobility issues, the Queen has increasingly delegated some of her royal duties to other senior members of the Royal Family in recent months. Last month, the monarch was forced to cancel her appearance at the State Opening of Parliament. As a result of her absence, Prince Charles delivered the Queen's Speech on his mother's behalf. DON'T MISS The heir to the throne was joined at the event by his eldest son William, who attended for the first time. The Queen was due to attend the Epsom Derby this weekend. She has reportedly cancelled her plans to attend and will attend Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's daughter Lilibet's first birthday celebrations instead. 