Steven Gerrard is hoping for a Luis Suarez reunion at Aston Villa this summer after remaining in 'constant contact' with his former Liverpool team-mate since January, according to reports. However, Gerrard’s stacked attacking repertoire could mean a potential deal fails to materialise. The ex-Reds duo struck up a fruitful relationship at Anfield before Suarez's departure to Barcelona in 2014. The Uruguayan spent six prolific, trophy-laden years at Barca before leaving for Atletico Madrid. Suarez is now a free agent after leaving Atleti at the end of his contract. The 35-year-old apparently fell out with head coach Diego Simeone and has departed, despite scoring 11 goals in 35 La Liga appearances. Villa were linked with a move in January but it did not come to fruition. Gerrard and Suarez have reportedly remained in ‘constant contact’ since then, with the latter also providing a reference for potential winter window buy Rodrigo Bentancur, who ended up moving to Tottenham. JUST IN: Bale's view on Tottenham return after Real Madrid exit confirmed According to The Athletic, Villa could revisit a deal this summer after Gerrard remained in 'constant contact' with the 35-year-old. However, the head coach’s wealth of attacking talent could see a transfer ditched. Villa have Danny Ings and Ollie Watkins in their most advanced positions. Leon Bailey, a signing from last summer whose season failed to take off, and Bertrand Traore remain in reserve. The club will need to see which of their attackers they can offload before targeting Suarez. In turn, the former Ajax ace wants to assess his options and will take some time with his family before deciding his next move. DON'T MISS...Liverpool 'receive first offer' from Bayern for Mane as terms outlinedTottenham 'still want to sign Traore' but face competition from duoMan United confirm Jesse Lingard departure ahead of transfer battle Gerrard has already been incredibly busy since his side’s season finished 10 days ago with a dramatic 3-2 defeat against Premier League champions Manchester City. Philippe Coutinho - another of the former England captain’s old Liverpool colleagues - has had his loan from Barcelona made permanent for a bargain £17m. Marseille midfielder Boubacar Kamara will become a Villa player when the transfer window reopens at the start of July. The 22-year-old had allowed his contract with the French side to expire before assessing his options, and has eventually been lured to Villa Park. The Midlands outfit have also been linked with Sevilla defender Diego Carlos but could face plenty of competition. The Brazilian was linked with Newcastle during the January window and the Magpies could pursue a transfer again. Gerrard was disappointed with a 14th-placed finish and has promised an upheaval of his squad. Villa’s form was inconsistent following his appointment last November.