Premium fuel pumps often have advertisements about how it is better for a car’s performance. But it all depends on the type of vehicle you’re driving and what fuel you have used previously. So is premium fuel more cost efficient? Premium petrol is fuel with a higher octane rating than regular unleaded. Octane is the chemical component of petrol and the amount of octane in the fuel can affect performance. Regular unleaded fuel has an octane rating of 95 which most cars in the UK are designed for, while premium petrol has an octane rating of 97 or 98. READ MORE: Electric car drivers report staggering change in driving attitudes Cars which are designed for high performance can benefit from premium fuel and some manufacturers recommend it. Drivers who use premium fuel with a high performance car might see improvements in performance, smoothness and fuel efficiency. It would be worth paying the extra cost for premium fuel for high performance cars and drivers should notice the benefits in power and in the engine. Using regular fuel in a high performance car over a long period of time could result in the vehicle starting to suffer from engine knock which can cause damage. But most mainstream cars which are not high performing do not require premium fuel. These are calibrated to work efficiently with regular unleaded 95-octane petrol and won’t necessarily see any extra benefits from premium fuel. AA President Edmund King explained every car is different and drivers should decide for themselves if premium fuel is beneficial for their vehicle. He said: “Best advice is to try one of these [premium] fuels for a couple of tanks full and assess the benefits yourself.” DON'T MISS:Most drivers don't know basic Highway Code rules - risk of fines [ANALYSIS]Drivers urged to use hypermiling 'tricks' to increase fuel efficiency [TIPS]'Millions of retirees' look set to miss out on £300 one-off payment [INSIGHT] For diesel cars, premium fuel works differently but offers advantages for drivers. Premium diesel usually doesn’t have a higher octane rating because it offers little benefit to the vehicle. Instead, the more expensive premium diesel fuels have chemicals which clean the engine and oil built up in the fuel system. Filling a tank of premium fuel in a diesel car every 1,000 miles or so can help keep the engine clean. It should also clear out any deposits in the system and help the vehicle run more efficiently compared to regular diesel. This keeps a diesel engine working well and can help avoid expensive repairs. Forking out for the extra cost every now and then can help keep a diesel car in good shape in the long run.