This year's Nato Summit is taking place in Madrid, Spain, in which 40 countries are participating. Brigitte Macron, 69, was seen upon arrival at the informal dinner with Prime Minister Boris Johnson on Wednesday night. For the transatlantic dinner, Brigitte chose a chic midi dress. The light blue crepe dress featured a classic silhouette and slightly voluminous sleeves. Brigitte combined the gown with chocolate brown pointed-toe stilettos. For jewellery, she donned a statement blue ring and styled her hair in her signature long bob. READ MORE: Keep bread fresh for 3 weeks with simple food storage hack  Emmanuel and Brigitte Macron were seen chatting with King Felipe and Queen Letizia of Spain as well as Boris Johnson, at the El Prado Museum in Madrid, where the dinner was taking place. In the morning, Brigitte Macron attended a visit hosted by Queen Letizia of Spain at The Reina Sofia Museum, in Madrid. She wore a cream ensemble which consisted of a three-quarter length sleeve top with gold buttons and matching trousers. Brigitte accessorised with a white handbag.  Fans took to social media to praise Brigitte's style in Madrid. Social media user @patti_lim said: "Magnifique!" Another one, @meike_jack, commented: "So stylish!" @kharchuk_gala added: "Beautiful couple." READ MORE: Fergie weight loss: How Duchess of York 'lost close to 50 pounds' Brigitte is now considered a style icon looking impeccable in all her public appearances yet keeping her casual-chic Parisian look. Macron has said in the past: “I’m really into fashion. “And there is this fascination the world over with what French women wear.” Paris-based designer and boutique owner Lola Rykiel explained Brigitte achieves her chic style with the "unspoken Parisian rule" of looking as if you haven't tried too hard. Lola Rykiel explained: “Never look like you’ve spent hours staring at yourself in the mirror, even if that’s exactly what you’ve been doing. "It’s about casually pulling together a subtle but amazing outfit – and it’s this that foreigners are fascinated by, but perhaps also sometimes get wrong when they’re trying to look stereotypically French.” Brigitte Macron was born in Amiens, outside Paris, and worked as a high school teacher her whole life. At the age of 40, she met the 15-year-old Emmanuel Macron in La Providence High School where she was a teacher and he was a student. Years later, she divorced and married Macron in October 2007.