The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have three children, George, eight, Charlotte, six, and Louis, three. They have been thrown into the spotlight at a young age and stepped out for various royal engagements over the Platinum Jubilee weekend earlier this month. What does their body language unveil about them? On June 5, the third day of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, the Cambridges visited Cardiff with their oldest children, George and Charlotte. The siblings were seen shaking hands with people in the crowd, gathered to greet them near Cardiff Castle. It seemed George was a little shy to shake people’s hands, while Charlotte was more confident, noted a body language expert. What does this unveil about the children’s personalities? READ MORE: Meghan's 'firm' gesture to Harry - 'Signals of anxiety' Body language expert Judi James told Express.co.uk: “It’s pretty clear from their body language together on official events that William and Kate have been coaching their two eldest children in the art of smiling, waving and handshaking. “Although George and Charlotte still look a little reticent about instigating any shakes, they will timidly but happily join in a ritual that is more for adults than small children in the real world.” George is the eldest of the two, but Judi claimed that Charlotte seems to act without his lead or influence. She continued: “Charlotte seems to know her own mind when it comes to these small formal acts though.  “She rarely, if ever, glances at George to suggest she is taking his lead. “If anything Louis tends to glance at her first for the lead when it comes to waving or clapping, and during the recent Jubilee celebrations we saw Charlotte very sweetly but firmly correct both her brothers: Louis for over-clapping and putting his fingers in his mouth and George when he forgot to place his arms straight down at his sides when they stood on the balcony for the anthem.” As the middle child and the only girl, Charlotte seems to tell her brothers what to do at times, suggesting she is more confident than them. Royal fans have noticed this too, taking to social media to comment on the handshakes Charlotte was giving out in Cardiff at the start of the month. Instagram user @philibeth_cambridges wrote: “Princess Charlotte is such a lady.” User @cfl_49 said: “She will always be a great asset as a working royal. Charlotte already seems to grasp what it’s all about. She seems mature far beyond her years.” User @shelleywetzel commented: “The kids are adorable but looked a bit nervous.” User @gioia4502 added: “Such delightful children of the most respectful and dutiful parents. They are an enormous credit to the Royal Family.” User @philipbanwell23 said: “George doesn’t want to be there lol leave it to Charlotte to steal the show.” User @dena_dani wrote: “She’s a very little Queen.” Some royal fans claimed Princess Charlotte reminded them of other members of the Royal Family. User @carbie_c commented: “Her smile. I’m getting Princess Diana vibes from her.” User @biondo.lydia said: “Little Charlotte looks a lot like her father.”