Arsenal's attempts to lure Youri Tielemans away from Leicester this summer could be hijacked by Tottenham, according to a new report. The Gunners were confident of striking a deal for the Belgian playmaker even though they are unable to offer Champions League football next term, but now face stiff competition for the Foxes star. With just over 12 months remaining on his current deal at the King Power Stadium, Tielemans is expected to be sold this summer. The 25-year-old had been looking to join a club who could offer Champions League football - but a recent U-turn had given Arsenal hope that a deal could be struck. However, football.london have reported that Tottenham could make their own attempt to bring Tielemans to north London. It's claimed that Spurs are long-term admirers of the Leicester ace, and Arsenal could be gazumped by their bitter rivals, who would be able to offer Tielemans the European football that he craves. Amid the growing interest in Tielemans services, the midfielder himself admitted earlier this week that he was expecting to leave Leicester this summer after spending three-and-a-half years with the Foxes. READ MORE: Man Utd could be about to sign Frenkie de Jong for cheaper than they first expected Speaking on international duty with Belgium, the former Monaco man said: “That [a move] is not out of the question. But I can also stay. I feel very good at Leicester, I was welcomed with open arms from day one. I give everything for the club until the last day. “But of course you have to listen to other opportunities, you have to look at your career, and sometimes you have to make choices. Maybe one will come my way.” After pipping Arsenal to a top-four finish, Tottenham are in the market for a number of new recruits this summer as Antonio Conte bids to give his current playing squad a much-needed overhaul. The club's owners injected a £150million sum into the club to boost the Italian's spending power, while the club will also rake in the riches on offer from the Champions League over the course of the season. DON'T MISS: Darwin Nunez 'picks between Liverpool and Man Utd transfer'Liverpool receive Gakpo transfer boost as Reds hunt Mane replacementLiverpool 'make club-record Nunez bid' with Klopp 'crazy' about star As well as chasing a deal for Tielemans, Conte has already snapped up two new faces this summer, with Ivan Perisic and Fraser Forster both agreeing terms to join the Londoners on free transfers from Inter Milan and Southampton respectively. Tottenham are also reportedly closing in on the signing of Middlesbrough's in-demand wing-back, Djed Spence. The 21-year-old made a major impression on loan at Nottingham Forest last year, who were keen on signing the loan star on a permanent basis. However, it's Tottenham who are in pole position to sign Spence - who was also coveted by Mikel Arteta and Arsenal.