And need steerage class passengers remain loyal to the captain snoozing on the bridge, rather than running out lifeboats as their cabins fill with sea water? Clearly it is a two-way street. It could just be that Boris Johnson, posing for photos on the flight deck when he should be at the controls, has run out of sky. Over the too narrow majority he won in the recent party confidence vote, about 120 were on the “payroll vote” and those with a title and a fat salary seldom vote against the paymaster. So among the rank-and-file, it was not a “win” at all. Those who rally to his tattered flag delude themselves on three counts. The Johnson who drove through Brexit against the odds; who top- pled Theresa May and her chicken-livered incumbency; who defied advice you can never win a general election in mid-December and came home with a thumping 80-seat majority; this is not the tousled bumbler of today. Something has happened. A close brush with Covid? Another and much younger wife? Who knows, but he is not the same man. His fans allege he “got the big decisions right”. No, the reverse. Apart from unstinting support for Ukraine he failed all the big tests. It was brilliant young scientists who devised AstraZeneca’s Covid jab and a private-sector financier who rammed it through obstacles to get us ahead of the world – a leadership now frittered away as latest tables prove. Politicians had nothing to do with it. Against that, Boris Johnson has presided over the most gigantic explosion of bureaucracy ever seen. The “Blob” rules us all. We inhabit a dictatorship now and the tyrant is a permission form which, when correctly filled out, permits us to breathe. The number of jobsworths generating and administering, very slowly, this inundation of paperwork, have exploded exponentially. Their salaries require hundreds of billions of pounds which could be used to lower taxes and charges – and then they work from home, which means not at all. Our energy needs are unaffordable, yet we have gas and oil in the North Sea, coal in our few existing pits, shale gas under our feet and small nuclear generators could be on stream in a year. Our economy is the poorest in Europe bar Russia. The third error of his fans is not to realise that we actually have two and a half years to the next mandatory general election – easily enough for a new premier to drive through a programme of vital and urgent reform across the board. But not another cabinet minister. They have all shown their mandarins can tie them in knots. However, there IS talent outside Downing Street, just waiting to be identified and called to serve. What we do not have is limitless time to go on bungling. The sentencing to death of two British volunteers in the Ukrainian army seems to have set a new low, even for Putin. First, the Donetsk People’s Republic is a sham; everyone knows it is a puppet enclave illegally occupied by the Russian Army. And this was a Russian court totally obedient to the Kremlin’s top tyrant. Second, Aiden Aslin and Shaun Pinner emigrated from the UK to Ukraine long ago and have been in its army since before this war started. Even if they can be classed as foreign volunteers, they come within the ambit of the Geneva Convention, which requires they be treated as prisoners of war. They could be confined to a POW camp, but no more. The beatings, the show trial and the death sentences are illegal. The position of the “conscience” volunteer in foreign armies is long established. During the Spanish Civil War, the International Brigade was composed of foreign volunteers on the side of the republicans, as was the USSR back then. If those two men are shot, it will be just another war crime to hang round the neck of Putin. The defenders of Priti Patel’s wizard prang idea to ship illegal immigrants to Rwanda become increasingly hilarious. A bewildered judge decreed he could not declare their shipment illegal, paving the way for the first dozen to depart, only for the European Court of Human Rights to intervene, scuppering the inaugural flight. No mention yet of the civil servants who must go out there to “process” the equally bewildered refugees. A tabloid shows us the lovely hotel in which the deportees will be lodged. My research says it has about one hundred rooms. That’s an hour’s supply from Dover on a summer’s night. Those who cannot board an early flight may have to be electronically tagged and set free. If they have any sense they will slip off the tag, hang it round the neck of a sheep on a farm and disappear into the landscape. Then the police can track and arrest them. There is a TV skit going begging here, as in: “Right, you’re nicked.” “Baaaaaa.” “All right, take that woolly sweater off and get in the van.” “Baaaaaaa.” Given burglaries and rapes rarely secure police attention nowadays, I fail to see tracking tags being high priority. So the sheep will constitute a third area of bewilderment while they graze the meadow as a bleeping refugee. Our misery-inflicted country is going to need some light relief this summer and this seems to be it. Six years ago, almost to the day, Britain voted in a completely fair referendum, by a small but clear majority, to leave the EU. Since then, a powerful minority has fought with fanatical zeal to overturn that decision. And they never relent. The complaint of the zealots is that the motivation of Brexiteers is the unlovely trait of xenophobia. Not true. I have prowled Europe from side to side, top to bottom for 70 years, speak four of its languages and appreciate its cultures. So why be a Brexiteer long before Boris Johnson? No political entity is stationary. It moves or it fizzles out. The only thing to study is the “direction of travel”. Consider not where it is now, but where it will be in three, five or even 10 years. Not because of my ignorance of Europe, but the reverse, I realised that for the EU that destination was a Federal Republic of Europe; a centrally-governed state into which the existing republics and kingdoms had been subsumed. That left three questions to answer. Did the British people want that? Would they ever? If not, could they change that collective ambition? Each answer was a very clear “No” and remains so. We were locked into a relationship, thanks to the fanaticism of Edward Heath, which we could never control. A civilised departure was the only recourse. The Treaty of Rome was the fundament but the Treaty of Lisbon, rammed down our throats by the equally fanatical John Major, sealed the deal. Since then, the claims of the Brussels-based EU government have increased as I thought they could only do, but scepticism has also spread across the Continent as more and more people – not academics but ordinary folk – have come to realise that the land of which they are citizens will always have first call on their love and loyalty. In short, there is nothing wrong with a union of European countries based on friendly cooperation across the board. But not on do-as-you-are-told orders coming from the Belgian capital. I happen to think the majority of 2016 is still there – but larger. There must be few who, if the item caught their eye, were not appalled by the story of the little girl on a BA flight to the UK who went into spasm and almost died of a peanut allergy. She was saved by the brilliant cabin crew who used her Epipen and oxygen to keep her alive until they touched down. What was appalling was that a few feet away another passenger was guzzling peanuts and refused point blank to stop while the child fought for her life. There may not be such a crime on our statute book but his name and address could be ascertained. It would be fitting if this was sent to every airline operating in the UK. When he next tries to book a flight there might by none available. He’d have plenty of time to munch peanuts on the ferry.