The culprit is a low-pressure system stubbornly anchored off the west coast hurling torrential, thundery downpours at the UK. The churning cyclone is unlikely to shift through the coming days but will instead spawn a duo of vicious offspring laden with downpours.  John Hammond, meteorologist for Weathertrending, said: “West will be wettest through the week while eastern areas see the driest, brightest and warmest weather. “Through Wednesday rain will be tracking eastwards although in the sunshine it will feel warm with southerly winds wafting up. “By Thursday, some of that rain could reach eastern counties and some of that could be heavy and thundery, but that will clear through leaving brighter skies.”  While weather models are yet to agree, they point to weekend temperatures rising further across eastern Britain, he said. However, low pressure hovering in the western wings threatens a soggy pummelling, he warned. He said: “There are big question marks as we head towards the end of the week and the weekend about whether another low-pressure system will make it to our shores.  “It could be that eastern counties hold on to some brighter skies and here potentially it could turn quite warm again as we hit the weekend. “But watch this space because the computer models are disagreeing about what will happen by the weekend.” Temperatures in the southeast may leap back into the mid-20C today, the Met Office said.  High pressure – the driver for warmer, drier summer weather – is likely to rebuild across the south by the weekend. While western Britain will bear the brunt of the wettest weather, nowhere will be immune, according to government forecasters. Met Office Meteorologist Alex Deakin said: “Low pressure dominates our weather bringing lots of showers for all areas on Wednesday and Thursday.  “On Wednesday, we are keeping a close eye on parts of northeast England, particularly during the evening when showers could turn very heavy indeed, and the southwest where there is the potential for thunderstorms.” Temperatures will hit the mid-20Cs in the southeast while the rest of the country struggles to reach 20C, he added. He said: “We could see temperatures in the mid-20Cs in the southeast but most of us are looking at 20C at best.”  A surge of warm air from the south later this week could trigger some thundery outbreaks across eastern England. Mr Deakin said: “The low is still with us on Thursday, and there is some uncertainty about a plume of warm air bringing some thundery showers to the east of England. “Generally, under the influence of that low pressure, it is going to be a day of sunshine but there will be a lot of showers and nowhere will be immune.  “Some of them will be pretty heavy and there is the potential for there to be some disruption. “Generally, the north and west will be cloudy with the chance of rain but the south in the east should be drier and a little bit warmer.” The troublesome low-pressure system at the centre of Britain’s weather woes will split sending two smaller "cells" spinning across the country. 