The addition of smart, connective technology to the vehicles we drive has opened up new vulnerabilities for hackers to exploit. Upstream, a cybersecurity and data management platform, revealed that cyber attacks on cars have soared 225 percent in the last three years. They found that the most common automotive cyber attacks saw a data or privacy breach, followed by car theft or a break-in via the car’s wireless key fob mechanism. Charles Griffiths, Head of Technology and Innovation at IT site AAG explained: “It is predicted that all new cars sold in the UK will be connected to the internet by 2026, which exposes our vehicles to significant cyber threats. “Without effective cyber security, everything from the infotainment system to the engine control unit is at risk. “The issue is that the move toward connected, autonomous vehicles is outpacing automotive cyber security measures and regulations. “While it’s easy to think that the cyber security risk is limited to electric, semi-autonomous or self-driving cars, the threats encompass those with Internal Combustion Engines too. READ MORE: Drivers warned they risk life in prison for bad driving habits “Through the internet, hackers can exploit vulnerable systems remotely, stealing information without needing to be inside the car. “Cyber security considerations are paramount to the success of the next generation of the cars we drive. "Without it, information that is shared between your phone and infotainment system can be intercepted by malicious actors (hackers), putting your personal data at risk. "Hackers can also clone your key signal, giving them easy access without needing to steal the keys." DON'T MISS 'This is an urgent situation': AA warn of 'pump fiction' as costs rise [WARNING] 'Important milestone’: Red Bull unveil RB17 - A new £5million hypercar [REVEAL] Elderly driver urges young motorists to be safe on the roads [ADVICE] And once carjackers have entered a car with a cloned key, they can hack the engine control unit to turn the engine on and drive away. For cars in motion, they can tamper with settings like the auto-brake or steering, potentially causing a serious accident. In recent months, Honda acknowledged that hackers can remotely start the engine of some models and unlock doors by taking control of the car's remote keyless entry system after the flaw was exposed by researchers. And some Tesla cars, specifically the Model 3 and Model Y, were shown to be vulnerable to a Bluetooth hack which can also be used to unlock other marques, revealed by NCC Group, a UK-based cybersecurity research firm. Sarah Tooze, Consumer Editor at CarSite gave consumers some sensible advice: “Technology is progressing quickly, and we all need to be aware of what we can do to protect ourselves and our cars. “Updating software when required is a must. Most car makers help in this area by offering over-the-air updates automatically to ensure their vehicles are safe and secure. “Car manufacturers and equipment suppliers are investing heavily in cyber security technologies and strategies, but there is still more work to be done. “An effective measure that drivers can take is making sure that they delete any personal data that is stored in their car before they sell it.” What can drivers do to stay safe from cyber attacks?