The influx of buyers to the city saw the average price of a property pushed to nearly £500,000. Councillors in Brighton have voted in favour of looking into a ban on new-build second homes and holiday lets in some areas of the city. A report to Brighton and Hove City Council (BHCC) found more than 3,000 properties could currently be in use only as short-term holiday lets. A council committee agreed to target hotspots, rather than the whole city. Councillor Marianna Ebel said: “We have to do something. We have a housing crisis and thousands of residents are on our housing waiting list. “When flats and houses are used for short-term holiday lets and second homes, it not only reduces the number of housing units but causes massive problems for neighbours such as anti-social behaviour.” If a ban was to be introduced, it would make Brighton and Hove the first city to adopt the approach. READ MORE: ‘The best way’ to get your lawn to ‘thrive’ for summer - ‘important’ According to Rightmove, properties in Brighton had an overall average price of £463,795 over the last year. The majority of sales in the city were flats. The average price for a flat in the last year has been £324,418, while terraced homes sold for an average of £534,753. Semi-detached properties fetched £498,325. DON'T MISS:Watering tips: ‘Best’ time of the day to water plants in summer [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap and quick’ way to clean kitchen tiles [COMMENT]‘Great’ methods to ensure plants ‘survive’ while on holiday [INSIGHT] Rightmove said sold prices in Brighton over the last year were similar to the previous year and 13 percent up on the 2019 peak of £409,359. Labour councillor Amanda Evans said the cost of housing in Brighton was “frankly insane”. Amanda added that younger workers were being priced out of living in the city. The Queen’s Park ward councillor said that central Brighton, particularly her ward, was affected by the hidden poverty of people in low wage service jobs renting privately. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea She said: “All of this is highly connected to the frankly insane cost of housing in the city - to buy, rent or the land to build on. “Younger employees at the council are moving out to Worthing because they can’t afford to live in Brighton. “In my own ward, the Edward Street Quarter, I understand, is already 75 percent sold off plan for outrageously high prices, and I bet you they’re not being bought by people who are going to live in them themselves.” The report to the council’s Tourism, Equalities, Communities and Culture Committee said that similar bans had been introduced in small rural or coastal communities and largely through neighbourhood plans. Meanwhile, Cornwall has 12,776 second homes and more than 11,000 holiday lets. Last year, the council installed emergency one-bed shelters for vulnerable people in the areas of Truro and Penzance. The shortage of property in Cornwall has also pushed the average property price to £337,733, according to Rightmove. Overall, sold prices in Cornwall over the last year were up six percent on the previous year and a staggering 25 percent up on the 2019 peak of £270,603. St Ives, one of the region’s most popular areas for second homeowners, has an average property price of £480,436, up 26 percent from the 2019 peak of £380,255.