Houseplant owners will find themselves in a bit of a quandary when they go on holiday. Some indoor plants require regular watering, which means houseplant owners will need to find themselves someone to wear their plants while away. But those who don’t have the luxury of asking someone to water their plants, may need to get more creative. Founder of GardeningExpress Chris Bonnet has shared his “trick” to watering indoor plants while away from home using cotton wool and a plastic tub. He explained exclusively to Express.co.uk: “There is a bit of a trick. “You can get a tub - an ice cream tub or something - fill it with water and then you actually make a piece of wool moist. “You literally leave that [the wool] in the bottom of the tub next to the plant and then wick that into the compost. READ MORE: Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow  “As the compost dries, it sucks the water through into the plant. “It wicks it through the plant.” Those going on holiday could also ask someone to “adopt” their plants for a week or ask someone to pop in and water them. This may be a better solution for those going away for a fortnight or more.  DON'T MISSHow to clean windows and leave them 'sparkling' [INSIGHT]‘Do not use salt to kill weeds!' Paving expert condemns gardening hack [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘best’ way to clean ‘grim’ discoloured pillows [ANALYSIS] Alternatively, houseplant owners could fill a bath or saucer with water. Chris explained: “You could potentially partially fill your bath and use that as a saucer or a big reservoir. “Stand them in there so they’ve got a feed of water for a week or two. “You don’t want to water log them obviously by giving them a complete drowning. “But that can be an effective way so they don’t dry out in the summer.” The gardening expert suggested putting a couple of inches or up to 10cm of water in the bath tub for the hack to be most effective. The reservoir will act as a “wick”, allowing the houseplants to drink “safely”. He added: “The plant’s not going to be dry when you get back. “Even a week or so is probably okay.”  The gardening expert said houseplant owners will need to increase the frequency of watering in the warmer months. Keep an eye on how dry your houseplants’ compost gets. Increased sunlight, decreased humidity and rapid growth means they are likely to dry out quickly. Check the soil in each pot daily by putting a finger into the top inch of soil.