Manchester United are ’90 per cent’ likely to sign Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona this summer, it has been claimed. The Netherlands international is Erik ten Hag’s top transfer target at Old Trafford. And while negotiations have been slow, it still seems like the 25-year-old is destined to move to the Premier League this summer. Manchester United confirmed their interest in De Jong over the weekend, with supremo Richard Arnold confessing they were keen on landing the midfielder this summer. And, now, Spanish journalist Jose Alvarez Haya has claimed the Red Devils are ’90 per cent’ likely to land their man when speaking on El Chiringuito. United have, however, so far refused to bow to Barcelona’s demands. The Catalan giants want a massive £73million to let the player go, despite De Jong often struggling for consistency during his time in Catalonia. But United, aware of the La Liga giants’ need to balance their finances, aren’t willing to go that high. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez If United did, De Jong would become the club’s joint-fourth most-expensive signing of all time. The fee would be the same amount as they paid for Jadon Sancho 12 months ago, when the England international moved from Borussia Dortmund. But it would be less than what they paid for the likes of Paul Pogba, Harry Maguire and Romelu Lukaku in recent years. United are continuing to discuss a fee with Barcelona for De Jong, who only moved to Catalonia three years ago. And it seems like an agreement will be reached eventually, despite both teams still having work to do on that front. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen Elsewhere in Spain, AS say that Barcelona are aware of how much money United have to spend on new recruits this summer. And that may explain why they’re making negotiations so tough for the Red Devils at the current moment in time. De Jong has also been linked with Manchester City and Bayern Munich amid the uncertainty over his long-term future at the Nou Camp. But United are the only team in the race to land the 25-year-old, who scored three goals and registered three assists in La Liga last term. United are hoping their patience will be rewarded. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And, if De Jong does move to the club, he’ll become the club’s 10th signing from La Liga over the years. United landed the likes of Jordi Cruyff, Quinton Fortune, Ricardo, Gerard Pique and David De Gea when Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost. Under Louis van Gaal, in came Ander Herrera, Angel Di Maria and Victor Valdes. And, under Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer respectively, Eric Bailly and Varane touched down from Villarreal and Real Madrid. Regarding De Jong, meanwhile, former United star Luke Chadwick recently endorsed his old side’s pursuit of the Barcelona star. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I definitely think the club should go for someone like De Jong. United need new options in the middle of the pitch, and he’s a hugely gifted player,” Chadwick told CaughtOffside. “We’re not privy to his situation or everything that’s being said behind closed doors, but it does seem like every Ajax player past and present is being linked with United since Ten Hag got the job. “I’m sure those Dutch players in that incredible team that Ten Hag built at Ajax would relish the opportunity to work with him again. I’m sure someone like De Jong would at least want the opportunity to speak to the club. “He fits the profile, he’s a completely different character to Pogba in terms of how he conducts himself off the pitch. “In my eyes, looking at the player, but not knowing the entire situation, admittedly, I think United should go for him. I think he should be considered because of what he did at Ajax under Ten Hag previously.”