Yellowstone season five will be arriving on The Paramount Network on November 13. The new episodes will see John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner) continue to fight for his family's future. However, he could face another obstacle as an old enemy returns. Yellowstone fans are keen to see what happens to the Dutton ranch as John and his family face new threats. Season five should pick up directly after the events of the previous season, which saw John in the ultimate stand-off with Garrett Randall (Will Patton). He may be rid of one enemy, but there could be some ghosts from his past coming back to haunt him. Fans will remember Malcolm Beck (Neal McDonough) fell out with John over Thomas Rainwater's (Gil Birmingham) casino plans. He also plotted to take down John's family, including daughter Beth (Kelly Reilly) as revenge. READ MORE: Yellowstone's Cole Hauser delivers huge filming update on season 5 In a final standoff with John, Malcolm seemingly died as he was shot multiple times. However, actor McDonough teased a potential comeback to the Western melodrama. Speaking to TV Line, he said: "Did I die? Did I? I’m not so sure about that. "We have talked about the fact we didn’t actually see Malcolm Beck’s eyes close. There is always that possibility." The star was speaking out before the Monte-Carlo Television Festival. He added: "My brother won’t be coming back for sure, but there is a possibility." Malcolm was one of two antagonistic brothers, with Teal Beck played by Terry Serpico. There is a chance Malcolm miraculously survived the standoff with John, as he could have perhaps been wearing a bullet-proof vest. It is also possible that the bullets just missed his vital organs. Alternatively, the villain could appear in flashbacks in season five, confirming he really did die. DON'T MISS...Yellowstone season 5 cast: Who has joined the cast so far? [EXPLAINER] Kelly Reilly 2022 net worth: How much is the Yellowstone star worth? [INSIGHT] Yellowstone’s Beck star pays tribute to Kevin Costner [INTERVIEW] Yet as he was known to have caused so much grief for the Duttons in the past, they could still be impacted by his evil schemes. McDonough praised the show's creator, Taylor Sheridan, for writing such amazing characters. He recalled a particular scene which took "seven or eight hours" to film, with Malcolm in his office. The star recalled: "It ended up me throwing my desk over and smashing a flat-screen TV and crushing everything. "Malcolm Beck just crumbles. It was the genius of Taylor to let Malcolm really fly." The actor also paid tribute to his co-star Costner, calling him the "greatest actor on screen". McDonough concluded by saying he loved his time on the show, so it seems he would jump at the chance to return. The 56-year-old has been busy since he left Yellowstone, having starred in Altered Carbon, The 100, American Horror Story: Double Feature and the film Left Behind: Rise of the Antichrist. He also made appearances in Boon and Resident Evil: Welcome to Raccoon City.  Yellowstone season 5 will air on The Paramount Network on November 13