An MBE recipient could not believe his eyes when he read the email announcing he was awarded the Member of the Order of the British Empire for chairing a £4million North Edinburgh-based football charity. Douglas Samuel admitted to originally thinking the email was a wind-up. An MBE is the third highest-ranking Order of the British Empire Award and is given to someone for making a positive impact in their line of work. Speaking to Times Radio, the charity CEO Douglas Samuel recounted his awe upon receiving the award: "I found out via an email that was sent to me a few weeks ago. "And to be perfectly honest with you, I actually called the number on the covering letter just to check it wasn’t a wind up because I thought, this is a bit strange. "I wasn’t expecting it to be honest. "So, I did call the number just to double-check. "It was not wind up because it’s the type of thing that one of my friends might do."  "So, when I phone the office and spoke to the lady, she obviously reassured me that it was authentic", Mr Samuel said. "And I was obviously extremely flattered and extremely honoured to be nominated by someone. "And the thing is, right now, I still don’t know who it is that nominated me." Anyone can nominate someone for an honour. After submission, the nomination goes through various government departments to check the suitability of the candidate for an honour. Recipients have either made achievements in public life or committed themselves to serving and helping Britain. READ MORE: The Queen’s ‘must-have’ plants for every royal garden Mr Samuel added: "But I’m certainly extremely grateful to that person because you know it helps to shine a light on our project and on the charity. "I’m in no doubt that I’m accepting this honour on behalf of the hundreds of volunteers and all the staff there who’ve worked there from day one. "So, it is most definitely not about me. "It’s about a lot of people over a long period of time." DON'T MISS: ‘Made-up figure!’ Anti-royal commentator rages at Pierce’s 1 billion [REPORT]Calls for Scottish Republic erupt as Jubilee begins [REPORT]Naga Munchetty makes demands as she struggles through royal coverage [REPORT] Times Radio's host Calum MacDonald joked: "You’re going to have to update your email signature now and how you sign off or even your name on your office door. "You’re going to have to pop up all three extra letters on the end of it "Now, how do you feel about that?”, Mr MacDonald asked. Mr Samuel said: "If you knew me Calum, you’ll know that I won’t be doing that."