The iconic sports presenter announced on Thursday she will be retiring following this year's Wimbledon tournament. The 66-year-old's sports hosting profession has spanned three decades. In an official statement via the BBC, she said she has worked "with the best" as she reflected on her stellar career. It didn't take long for floods of comments demonstrating her popularity to full social media as fans have remarked on the "loss for the BBC". Responding to a tweet explaining the news, Twitter user @DavidHo34435012 wrote: "Well done and leaving on YOUR terms. "What a loss for the BBC. We'll always have great memories of what you have given to the world of tennis, in so many different ways." @ianComer3 fumed: "Well, good luck to the white middle-aged male sports presenters hoping to get Sue Barker's job for Wimbledon 2023. "Don't waste your time. To have the qualities that Sue has shown hosting Wimbledon over the years, is nigh on impossible. We should all treasure her last hurrah!" READ MORE: Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in for Gloria Hunniford @twa96 penned: "Wimbledon is Sue Barker. You will be missed." @CraigRunner recalled: "I used to book two weeks off work during the @Wimbledon fortnight. Gonna miss #suebarker presenting. #Wimbledon." "Aw....At least we have one more year to enjoy the wonderful Sue Barker @Wimbledon," penned @reelofthe51st. @rantingrose begged: "Please step back into your Question of Sport seat, we really miss you. #QoS #SueBarker." @drlaurajo remarked: "Oh no! Of course it had to happen eventually, but I can't actually imagine the coverage without Sue Barker anymore. Happy retirement, Sue! #Wimbledon." Peter H Todd shared: "I don't watch that much tennis, but I absolutely love Sue Barker. Her personality is one of a kind. "Who would I like to see in Sue Barker's place? I would love to see Hazel Irvine who's also another top broadcaster." In her official statement, Sue explained: "What a wonderful time I’ve had working on some of the biggest sporting events around the world. DON'T MISS... Sue Barker steps down from hosting Wimbledon after three decades [LATEST]A Place in the Sun's Leah describes moment health took a while filming [EXCLUSIVE]EastEnders theory: Bobby Beale heartbroken as Dana pregnant with Peter [THEORY] "I will miss it terribly but after 30 years I feel the time is right for me. I’ve worked with the best of the best." Other events Sue has been renowned for covering include the Olympic Games, the Commonwealth Games, World Athletics Championships, the London Marathon, the Grand National, Royal Ascot and Sports Personality of the Year. Barbara Slater, Director BBC Sport, described Sue as a "national treasure." She added: "We'd have loved for her to continue in her role for many years to come. "We do of course respect her decision and understand why, after 30 years of leading Wimbledon presentation, she's ready to make this year her last. "We thank Sue for the remarkable contribution she has made to sports broadcasting during what has been a truly extraordinary and illustrious career." Shocked fans have already begun to speculate who might replace Sue, but they all seem to agree her one-of-a-kind talent will be sorely missed. 