 Russia and Ukraine combined supplied over a quarter of the global wheat consumption prior to the war. As the conflict continues to escalate, shipments are being blocked and food shortages are ever increasing.   The Ukrainian President has declared the need for the weapons to fight back against Russia’s blockade in the Black Sea. According to President Zelensky, if the blockade is allowed to continue, 75 million tonnes of grain could end up stuck in Ukraine by the autumn. Due to ongoing heavy fighting and battles at the ports, 25 million tonnes of grain are already stuck in storage in the besieged country as exporters are unable to move the stock.   President Zelensky said: “Our strongest guarantee of unblocking export corridors is anti-ship weapon systems.” Russian President Vladimir Putin thought he had found a loophole into getting the EU and other Western allies to ease restrictions against Russia. The President tabled the idea of creating a corridor in the Black Sea for the exportation of ships carrying grain if sanctions were eased. The allies refused to bow down to the Russian bargain and rejected the offer. Boris Johnson had a conversation about the grain supply issues with Mr Zelensky. READ MORE: Biden suffers blow as 11,000 migrants head to the US-Mexico border  A Downing Street spokesman said: “The leaders also discussed diplomatic negotiations and efforts to end the damaging Russian blockade of Ukraine’s grain exports.” According to the British Ministry of Defence, the sinking of Russia’s warship the Moskva battle cruiser, led to Russian forces moving air-defence weapons to Snake Island in the Black Sea. The MoD said on Monday: “Russia’s activity on Snake Island contributes to its blockade of the Ukrainian coast and hinders the resumption of maritime trade, including exports of Ukrainian grain.” Despite reports of the Ukrainian side waning slightly, the Ukrainian forces announced it had forced Russian naval ships to retreat over 62 miles from the Black Sea coast of Ukraine. DON'T MISS: Plotting to oust Boris will end in electoral failure - PATRICK O'FLYNN [COMMENT] Johnson slammed for trying to regain trust with NHS rescue plan [REACTION]Queen should make key political decisions over Boris - new poll [INSIGHT]   The grain supply shortage which is increasingly being felt around the globe is pushing up wheat prices. In the year that Ukraine was hoped to produce 80.5 million tonnes of grain, wheat prices have skyrocketed by over a third since the invasion in February and many grain warehouses have been damaged or destroyed in fighting. Almost three weeks ago at the World Economic Forum, David Beasley, executive director of the UN’s World Food Programme said that the threat of famine from the grain shortage is “a perfect storm within a perfect storm…We will have famines around the world.” 