Over the past 70 years, Queen Elizabeth II has become a "real fashion icon". Speaking to 9honey, royal author Bethan Holt discussed the evolution of the Queen's style and how her own mother, the Queen Mother, played a huge part in influencing the monarch's fashion choices in her early years. 9honey's UK correspondent Karishma Sarkari spoke to Bethan about her book, The Queen: 70 Years of Majestic Style, which was released earlier this year. Ms Sarkari said: "One of the things that, I guess surprised me weirdly, to find out was how much the Queen Mother has influenced Her Majesty's style ethos. "What did she pick up from her mum", Ms Sarkari asked Bethan. The author replied: "So...the Queen really learnt a lot from her mother. READ MORE: Huge crowds as Prince Charles and Princess Anne arrive at Scotland's Thistle Service "You know, this was around the 1940s, 1950s which was a time when women really wouldn't leave the house without having their gloves, their hats, their handbags, all their accessories, kind of perfectly in place, perfectly matched." She added: "That's something that the Queen still does today, in an era where women are happy to leave much more casual in, kind of, trainers and hoodies". Ms Holt claimed that she learned the "proper way of dressing" from her mother. As well as what she learnt, the Queen also found a "huge respect for fashion' as well. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Key details of Prince Harry and Meghan's trip to England laid bare Speaking of the late Queen Mother, Ms Holt said: "The Queen Mother really used fashion too, kind of, cement her status as Queen after the abdication in 1936." She stated that the Queen Mother also was able to give the Royal Family a "glamourous makeover again", adding that the Queen "really carried that on" when she became Queen. She concluded: "She [the Queen] knew that she had to wear these grand gowns, employ those brilliant designers to really elevate her to regal status". Despite her ongoing health concerns, the Queen travelled to Scotland this week. DON'T MISS She was in Edinburgh for the historic Ceremony of the Keys at the Palace of Holyroodhouse. The Ceremony of the Keys event took place on Monday. At the event, the Queen was dressed in a light blue ensemble. READ NEXT: