The Prime Minister has been left wounded by the publication of Sue Gray's report into partygate as an increasing number of Tory MPs who are publicly calling for Mr Johnson to quit continue to speak out. Following significant losses to the Liberal Democrats and Labour Party in last month's local elections, Mr Johnson told colleagues he was planning to shake-up his Cabinet team. However, according to the Telegraph, the Prime Minister's plans have been delayed as anti-Boris Tory MPs suggest enough letters may have been sent to 1922 Committee chairman Sir Graham Brady to force a confidence vote. One member of Mr Johnson's inner circle told the broadsheet that July was now the earliest point at which a reshuffle would take place. This would also mean a change to the Prime Minister's top team would only come after by-elections in Wakefield and Tiverton & Honiton on June 23. The source said: "We are focused on the what, not the who." JUST IN: Boris Johnson admits considering RESIGNING amid Partygate row They added: "We are only just sweeping the debris off the deck." There are concerns having an immediate reshuffle could put the Prime Minister in a difficult position as former Cabinet colleagues may turn on Mr Johnson. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps, who backed Mr Johnson in the 2019 leadership contest, was even spotted at an upmarket bar in west London where many Tory MPs were alleged to have gathered to discuss a plot to replace the Prime Minister with Jeremy Hunt. Speaking to Mumsnet on Wednesday, Mr Johnson suggested he considered resigning after Ms Gray's report was published. READ MORE: ‘Real damp squib’ Tory MPs rally behind Boris after Sue Gray damning partygate report  He said: "If people look at the event in question, it felt to me like a work event. "I was there for a very short period of time in the Cabinet Office at my desk and, you know, I was very, very surprised and taken aback to get a fixed penalty notice but of course I paid it. "I think that on why am I still here, I’m still here because we’ve got huge pressures economically, we’ve got the biggest war in Europe for 80 years, and we’ve got a massive agenda to deliver which I was elected to deliver. "I’ve thought about all these questions a lot, as you can imagine, and I just cannot see how actually it’d be responsible right now, given everything that is going on, simply to abandon the project on which I embarked." DON'T MISS:Boris Johnson 'personally calling MPs' for support amid calls to quit [INSIGHT]David Davis forecasts Boris Johnson out by autumn amid growing fury [WATCH]'Unacceptable failings!' Leading Brexiteer Leadsom turns on Boris [REACTION]