Drivers of electric vehicles will now need to fork out over £220 more per year to get around. This is according to vehicle insurance provider GoCompare, and the UK’s leading EV charging app Zap-Map. The average cost of charging an electric car on the high-speed public network has risen by as much as 3p per mile since last year. Surging energy prices have resulted in increases across both regular and rapid/ultra-rapid EV chargers. The research showed that it now costs an average of 48p per kWh to charge at a rapid/ultra-rapid device, compared to just 35p per kWh in December 2021. Similarly, the cost per kWh at regular devices has increased from 24p to 33p in the same period. READ MORE: Electric cars may pay car tax through 'vehicle tracking technologies' Despite this, EV enthusiasts can still claim to be in a better position than drivers who have to fill up at the pumps. That’s because charging an electric vehicle is still plenty cheaper than paying for petrol - at around £326 less per year. With current petrol prices through the roof, it would cost an average of £1,246 to travel 8,000 miles (an average annual distance) in a petrol vehicle, and just £923 in an EV; and this is not taking into account further cost savings from charging at home or on slower, lower-powered units. Ryan Fulthorpe, a motoring expert at GoCompare, said: “Our research finds that unfortunately, climbing energy costs will have a knock-on effect on electric vehicle owners, at a cost of over £200 per year. DON'T MISS High petrol and diesel prices are making the UK’s roads safer [REVEAL] London councils and TfL rack up £1.25million in emission charges [INSIGHT] Drivers warned they risk life in prison for bad driving habits [WARNING] “However, drivers can clearly see that when compared to the price of petrol, charging an electric car is still the cheaper option. “So, if you’re looking to save money in the long-term and can afford to invest in an EV, this might be your sign to do so. “Or, if you’re still unsure, consider switching to a hybrid car. “These are a great way for motorists to dip their toe into the electric market, as they aren’t reliant on electricity alone.” READ MORE: Drivers rage over ‘unclear’ bus lane signs Melanie Shufflebotham, the COO and co-founder of Zap-Map, said: “The rising costs of fuel are crippling for many. “Electric vehicle charging costs are rising as well, but even factoring in charging at the most expensive rapid and ultra-rapid public chargers which are the closest equivalent of fuelling up at a petrol station, you could pay less than two-thirds of the cost. “In reality, many EV drivers charge at home for most of their energy needs or charge at less expensive low-powered public chargers over a longer period. “Electric cars remain a good choice for low running costs during these uncertain times and of course far better in terms of impact on climate change and air quality emissions.” Quentin Willson, the founder of FairCharge echoed Ms Shufflebotham’s comments. He told Express.co.uk: “The overall cost of ownership [of an EV], say I don’t know, over four years is significantly less than the one of a combustion car. "We’ve also got data that shows that electric cars are 20 percent more likely to pass their MOT than diesel and petrol cars because they’ve got no emission kit on and stuff like that." Mr Willson also highlighted that the second-hand values of electric vehicles are going up. He said: “That has a benefit in terms of your re-sale price." He continued: “It’s not factually accurate now to say that it’s more expensive to run an electric car because it’s actually not. “If you’ve taken all these costs, the zero maintenance, zero fuel, the zero road tax, the very limited appreciation, and the fact that you’ll pass MOTs better, those total costs are now less than the combustion car.“