Netflix subscribers still have two feature-length episodes of the nostalgic science fiction drama to look forward to this year. Ahead of the highly anticipated conclusion to Stranger Things season four, which airs next week, viewers have predicted a shocking twist for superpowered teen Eleven (played by Millie Bobby Brown) and her boyfriend Mike Wheeler (Finn Wolfhard). Fans are now convinced the use of Kate Bush’s Running Up That Hill could be a major clue for the final twist of Stranger Things season four. The iconic 1980s song was used earlier this season to rescue Max Mayfield (Sadie Sink) from the clutches of the evil wizard Vecna (Jamie Campbell Bower). However, the classic pop track has also been a regular motif throughout the series and was even used for the series’ trailer for season four, volume two. Kate’s hit song, and an ominous look at Eleven in the new footage, has led one fan to make a bold yet convincing prediction for the final season. READ MORE: CSI Vegas season 2: Why is William Peterson leaving? Reddit user Kallie said: “The Duffer Brothers have said Mike has an emotional scene at the end of the season. “Also, they’ve kept his scenes in volume two largely out of the trailers.” Mike is, indeed, conspicuously absent in much of the scenes featured in the recent trailer for the final two episodes of the season. This viewer is now convinced his disappearance could be due to the Hawkins hero making a brave sacrifice to save Eleven from Vecna’s clutches. Not only has Mike been wrestling with how to prove his feelings for Eleven, but the lyrics to Stranger Things’ song of the moment could be hinting at some devastating developments in the final moments of season four. “We know he loves El, but is also feeling a lot of guilt about not saying it,” the theory continued. “And then there’s Running Up That Hill that references making a deal and trading places.” Vecna is clearly after Eleven now his true identity has been revealed as a Hawkins Lab orderly who regained his experimental powers and faced off against her before the main events of the series. DON'T MISS:The Last Kingdom star exposes hidden meaning in King Edward change [INSIGHT]Saturday Kitchen fans ‘switch off’ over guest line-up [REACTION]Sam Heughan gives insight into Outlander prequel [INTERVIEW] Now the dark foe has found a way to terrorise Hawkins in the real world, Mike may have to step in to stop Vecna from dragging his girlfriend back into the Upside Down for a second time. “I’m thinking Vecna wants El to come with him to the Upside Down as retribution for banishing him there,” the Redditor predicted. “But Mike makes a deal with Vecna - to show his love - and takes her place. “This will set up season five, which will be Mike stuck in the Upside Down, and the crew trying to rescue him.” “This is also a way to bring his mom into the fold, which I assume is coming since she had her own promo poster.” Cara Buono, who portrays Mike’s mother Karen, has featured surprisingly heavily in the marketing for the current season, despite only having a few brief moments on-screen in the first seven episodes. If Mike is facing imprisonment in Hawkins’ sinister alternate dimension, Karen could have to join Joyce Byers (Winona Ryder) and the rest of the heroes to rescue him in what will undoubtedly be a staggering conclusion to Netflix’s biggest series. Stranger Things season 4, volume 2 will be released Friday, July 1 on Netflix.