The Blacklist is NBC’s highly acclaimed thriller which follows Red Reddington (played by James Spader) and the FBI task force as they take on some of the most dangerous criminals.As the episodes enthralled fans, one eagle-eyed viewer spotted a continuity error from season three with a key letter. Taking to the Movie Mistakes forum, a viewer exposed the blunder and shared: “The knife hole and blood on the envelope of the note to Scottie Hargrave changes. “In the first close up, the name is aligned to the middle of the hole and there's a trail of blood running down towards the corner. “In Scottie's hand, the hole/blood is higher up and the trail of blood is gone.” This took place in the series three episode titled ‘Susan Hargrave,’ which introduced her as a major villain. READ MORE: GB News: Anne Diamond forced to shut down guest over Diana comment Although Liz Keen (Megan Boone) was killed in the season eight finale, fans were made to believe she had lost her life back in season three. This was not only a huge shock for the show’s audience, but also for the other characters as Red was thrown into a hallucinogenic spiral, only for her to show up a few days later. Before her jaw-dropping comeback, Red and the task force were hard at work trying to figure out who had killed Liz, when Susan ‘Scottie’ Hargrave (Famke Janssen) was introduced. The episode’s synopsis read: “When Reddington links an elegant, powerful and extremely dangerous Romanian woman to the recent tragic events, the task force is forced to play a deadly cat and mouse game to stop her before she strikes again.” During the episode, Scottie was meeting with a client when she was interrupted with an emergency. When she headed to the warehouse where she assigned men in protective gear to guard her weapons, she found them all dead. Someone had killed every guard and not stolen a single gun. Instead, they had left behind a note which was attached to one of the dead bodies, it read: “We should talk. Call my extension,” and it is signed “R.” DON'T MISS...Len Goodman sparks uproar with curry powder comment - 'foreign muck' [INSIGHT]The Blacklist plot hole: Flashback scene had key modern-day feature [BLUNDER]The Blacklist fans ‘heartbroken’ as show confirms two major exits [BLUNDER] This was the scene where the eagle-eyed fan spotted the huge blunder with the knife and blood, which seemed to change depending on the shot. Later in the episode, Red and Scottie eventually met after she finally called him when the FBI and SWAT screwed up her oil shipment at the docks in Amsterdam. Red stated he wanted to meet in person to discuss Liz’s death and who hired them to kidnap her. The two planned to meet at the airport and as Red made his way, Tom Keen (Ryan Eggold) called and warned him it was a trap and Scottie had planned to kill him. Although Red went anyway, he soon discovered Tom was right as Scottie had a cop who she had on payroll escort him where there was no CCTV. Despite this, Red was a step ahead as his bodyguard Dembe (Tawfik Hisham) was already down there waiting for them. He was able to grab the cop’s gun and force him to take them to where Susan was, after an altercation Red demanded to know who hired her to go after Liz. When she refused, Red shot Susan in the arm and then revealed she was hired by Alexander Kirk. The Blacklist is available on NBC. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 