Princess Eugenie, 32, and Jack Brooksbank, 36, have recently announced they will be dividing their time between the UK and Portugal with their son August due to Jack's latest business contract. But where will the couple stay when they’re in the UK? The Princess of York and her family have spent their time in Frogmore Cottage since its former occupants Prince Harry and Meghan Markle left the UK.  However, when the Duke and Duchess of Sussex returned to the UK for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee weekend, they renewed the lease on the property, intending to keep it as their UK base. Eugenie and Jack have therefore reportedly chosen Nottingham Cottage in Kensington Palace as their UK base. Rather than return to their former home of Ivy Cottage where they used to live, it is believed the family will have Nottingham Cottage as their family home. Nott Cott, as it is affectionately known, is one of the smaller properties on the Kensington Palace estate. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'bulletproof' smile drops with Kate & Will - pictures It has two bedrooms and reception rooms as well as a kitchen, bathroom and small garden. The property was also once home to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and is even where Prince Harry proposed to Meghan back in 2017. Prince Harry lived in the home from 2013 until moving to Windsor after his wedding. The Christopher Wren-designed cottage has been home to royals and non-royals long before the Sussexes, including Prince William and Kate Middleton who lived there for a brief stint in 2013 with their newborn son Prince George.  This was while their mansion Apartment 1A was being renovated. The family have recently moved into the CostaTerra Golf and Ocean Club in Portugal as Jack is now working with property tycoon Mike Meldman, who is managing a 300-home development. It is believed that Jack has been brought on board to head up the sales for the sought-after homes, which will start from a staggering £3.6million. It sounds like an idyllic place for Eugenie and Jack to raise their son August and there are activities like golf, horseback riding and yoga on the agenda.  However, their new Kensington Palace home also has links to Meghan and Harry, as it is where the couple lived together prior to relocating to Windsor and is even where the couple got engaged. Harry was said to have put up a hammock in his back garden when he moved in. Nottingham Cottage was also home to Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester, and his wife, Princess Alice. Later occupants included the Queen's private secretary Robert Fellowes and his wife Lady Jane Fellowes, Princess Diana's sister.  Also, Prince Philip's private secretary Sir Miles Hunt-Davis and his wife Anita lived there for a time. The cottage was originally a grace-and-favour property for the Queen and Princess Margaret's childhood governess, Marion Crawford. Crawfie, as she was known, was given the house for life upon her retirement in 1948. But after she infamously sold stories about the Royal Family to the press, Marion was dismissed. She was completely ostracised from royal circles and the Queen reportedly never spoke to her former nanny again. 