Almost three million people in the UK receive Personal Independence Payments for a long-term condition, disability or illness. The benefit provides much needed assistance to cover the added living costs of being disabled, but for many, including cancer patients the waiting times are growing too much to bare. Allison, 55, from Sussex was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2011, and then found out she had cervical cancer in 2018. Alongside the devastating emotional, mental and physical effects of being diagnosed with cancer, Allison shared how the financial turmoil almost overtook everything else. She told Macmillan Cancer Support: "I’ve faced problem after problem in the nightmare benefits system, leaving me feeling broken both physically and mentally.” Due to her diagnosis, Allison was left unable to work, in debt and had to claim benefits to keep herself afloat. READ MORE: 'Don't click!': Expert fear as post scams cause alarm - how to spot fake delivery messages After the hefty application process and waiting times to receive a decision, she was left feeling short-changed, but without the energy to go through it all again. Allison commented: “I should probably be receiving a higher level of PIP, but I don’t have the energy to take on the process or the fear of them taking away the benefit altogether. “Most recently I was invited to a benefits reassessment at an assessment centre miles away from where I live, which I couldn’t travel to due to Covid concerns, and the DWP said it could be two years for face-to-face assessment.” She even admitted that her financial situation has been one of the worst side effects of her condition. She lamented: “The money problems have been one of the worst effects of having cancer and sometimes I feel guilty being alive.” Support Line and Macmillan have been a saving grace for Allison and many others in her situation. However, some have called for the Government to do more to ensure charities do not need to fill the gap. Director of advocacy at Macmillan Cancer Support, Eve Byrne, shared: “On top of the existing financial burden that can come with a diagnosis and the spiralling cost of living, it is unacceptable that people with cancer are still facing distressingly long waits in receiving the financial support they’re entitled to. “While it’s positive to see the average waiting time go down slightly, it is at 20 weeks, meaning many people with cancer are still facing huge delays and we’re hearing from people every day about the dire impact this is having on their wellbeing. “It’s vital that the Government goes further and faster to reduce the delays in the system with a clear plan to ensure that people with cancer get the support they deserve, when they need it the most.” Data from Macmillan revealed one in four people with cancer felt like they could not afford life at the moment. As a result they have been buying less food, doing less laundry and wearing coats inside to stay warm without heating. These cost-saving measures would affect the wellbeing of perfectly healthy people and could have an even greater impact on cancer patients. Cancer alone comes with a range of additional costs, from transport to their treatments to a drop in earnings. 83 percent of people with cancer experience some kind of financial impact when they are diagnosed, an effect that averages at £891 per month on top of their usual expenses. Macmillan has pledged an extra £3.5million to their financial grant scheme to help support these patients let down by the months-long delays and waiting times for PIP. A DWP spokesperson said: “We understand how difficult and life-altering a cancer diagnosis can be which is why we’re committed to getting people the support they’re entitled to as quickly as possible. “In cases of terminal illness, we fast-track PIP claims for anyone applying under Special Rules for End of Life to ensure people receive the financial support they need, typically within three working days. “We are also providing extra support including the direct payment of £650 for over eight million households on benefits and a £150 payment for people on disability benefits – including PIP, which can be paid as well as the £650 payment. On top of this all households will receive £400 through the Energy Bill Support Scheme and we have extended the Household Support Fund by £500million.”