  Amber Heard has claimed she “doesn’t blame” the jury for the outcome of her infamous defamation trial, as she broke her silence on the matter in a sit-down interview with Savannah Guthrie on NBC's TODAY show. The Aquaman actress went on to claim that the social media coverage of her throughout the trial - in comparison to the representation of her ex-husband Johnny Depp - was “unfair”.     Speaking in New York today, Heard explained to Guthrie how she did not blame the jury for Depp's success in the trial. “I don't blame them. I actually understand,” she said. “He's a beloved character and people feel they know him. He's a fantastic actor.” Heard went on to brand the massive amount of social media attention her case has received as “unfair”. READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning     The trial was widely discussed, debated and mocked on social media throughout its duration. Posts on both TikTok and Twitter appeared to overwhelmingly favour Depp, who was celebrated by fans following the verdict of the six-week trial. The trial, which was held in Fairfax, Virginia, concluded June 1, and saw Depp win all three of his claims against Heard. During the court case, the TikTok hashtag “Justice for Amber Heard” had received 27 million views, while one for Depp rose to 20 billion views.       In her interview with Guthrie, Heard went on to say: “I don't care what one thinks about me or what judgments you want to make about what happened in the privacy of my own home, in my marriage, behind closed doors. “I don't presume the average person should know those things. “And so I don't take it personally,” she added. “But even somebody who is sure I'm deserving of all this hate and vitriol, even if you think that I'm lying, you still couldn't look me in the eye and tell me that you think on social media there's been a fair representation. READ MORE... Kate Garraway left 'fretful' as husband Derek 'in and out of hospital' [LATEST] Carol McGiffin on not being intimate for seven years after sex drought [NEWS] Dean Martin made a multimillion fortune over his decades-long career [NEWS]     “You cannot tell me that you think that this has been fair,” the actress insisted. When the trial between the ex spouses concluded earlier this month, Depp was awarded $10million in compensation and $5million in punitive damages. Heard, who will have a chance to appeal the verdict, won $2million back in compensatory damages after winning one of her claims in the countersuit, but $0 in punitive damages for her countersuit. Depp sued Heard over a 2018 article in the Washington post, in which she claimed to have become a figure representing domestic abuse.      The actress didn’t name Depp, but The Pirates of the Caribbean actor claims he was the implied abuser and that it cost him acting jobs including his famous role of Captain Jack Sparrow. A spokesperson for Heard told Express.co.uk: “Johnny Depp’s legal team blanketed the media for days after the verdict with numerous statements and interviews on television, and Depp himself did the same on social media. “Ms. Heard simply intended to respond to what they aggressively did last week; she did so by expressing her thoughts and feelings, much of which she was not allowed to do on the witness stand.” The exclusive interview will air Tuesday and Wednesday on NBC show TODAY and in a special Dateline episode on Friday at 8pm Eastern Standard Time.   