While antique specialist Roo has appeared in several episodes of Bargain Hunt and Antiques Road Trip as an expert, she has only recently landed a new role as presenter of the daytime favourite. Although she described the hosting job as "exhilarating, exciting and great fun," she admitted the new BBC role also makes her cry "often". Roo is set to present her first episode of Bargain Hunt on Monday. The instalment will see her heading to an antiques fair in Southwell, Nottinghamshire, which she described as “exhilarating, exciting and great fun”. She added: "I’m loving every second of it! Bargain Hunt has such a happy, chilled vibe and that’s down to the contestants and the crew. "It’s like a big family. They say, 'Do what you love and you’ll never do a day’s work again,' - that is definitely me!" READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Triple exit for beloved villagers in tragedy However, the presenting gig has its downsides for Roo, who struggles with the early starts. "I am a night owl and definitely not a morning person," she explained. "So my morning alarm when filming often makes me cry into my pillow!" In her debut show, Roo will be testing local people's knowledge about the purpose of a mysterious antique kitchen gadget that would fox the best of chefs. It was recently announced that Caroline Hawley and Danny Sebastian would be joining Roo as the new team of presenters. This will expand the hosting team, which already includes Natasha Raskin Sharp, Christina Trevanion, Eric Knowles and Charlie Ross. Roo has been working on the popular antiques competition series since 2018. She also frequently stars in Antiques Road Trip, accompanying people around the UK to scale antique shops for the best buys. DON'T MISS... A Place in the Sun's Leah Charles-King talks about 'hardest part' [EXCLUSIVE]Eddie Izzard swears at WWTBAM bosses over 50/50 conundrum [VIDEO]Midsomer Murders star teases huge update on new series [LATEST] As well as lending her expertise in hit shows, the 42-year-old also works at her shop Kicreggan Antiques in Argyll and Bute, Scotland. She started up the business alongside her husband Mark after her dad passed away in 2013. Soon after, Mark's father also tragically died, and the life-changing events pushed the couple to leave their corporate jobs behind and pursue something they loved. Explaining how the shop came to be, Roo wrote on the website: "I'd always loved antiques and had developed a keen eye so my husband suggested we 'go for it' – and Kilcreggan Antiques was born. "Out of some of my darkest days came a sliver of light. Fate?" With her new role on the BBC show, Roo is likely to be busier than ever working in the field she's passionate about. Although Roo's episodes will air soon, fans will have to wait a little bit longer to see Danny presenting, as his episodes will not be broadcast until October. Meanwhile, Caroline’s first episode presenting will air on June 27 as she heads to RAF Cosford in Shropshire to get up close to a Spitfire. Bargain Hunt continues on Monday at 12.15pm on BBC One.