UFC president Dana White has confirmed that Conor McGregor’s comeback fight will take place inside the UFC Octagon and not in the boxing ring against Floyd Mayweather. McGregor has been out of action for nearly 12 months as he continues to recover from his leg injury. The Irish MMA star suffered a broken left fibula and tibia during his UFC 264 fight against Dustin Poirier last July but is now back in training ahead of his comeback. Among the list of names rumoured to face McGregor next are Charles Oliveira, Henry Cejudo, Alexander Volkanovski, and Michael Chandler with the latter being the most likely to get the call. However, rumours began to arise last week that Mayweather and McGregor were in talks for a mouth-watering rematch. Fuel was only added to the fire when McGregor hinted that talks could be underway by posting an Instagram picture of both men boxing with the caption: "I accept." But these plans may have hit a snag as White confirmed during a recent appearance on The Jim Rome Show that McGregor’s next fight will be under the UFC banner. When asked about the Mayweather fight rumours, White responded: “No, it will be in the cage. Conor’s looking to come back the end of this year, early next year. “When I do talk to Conor, Conor wants to fight. Conor gets all kinds of offers for movie roles and all these other things that he could go and do and make money, and he doesn’t want to do any of that. Conor wants to fight.” According to reports, McGregor's comeback is being targeted for February or March next year. The former two-weight world champion is currently 22-6 as a professional MMA fighter and 0-1 in pro boxing. That single fight inside the squared circle came against Mayweather back in 2017 when ‘TBE’ stopped McGregor in the tenth round. The fight recorded the second highest pay-per-view buy rate in the history of the sport with 4.3m buys in North America alone. And with Mayweather reportedly earning upwards of £230m ($280 million) from the fight and McGregor earning £107m ($130 million) it would come as no surprise if there was legitimate interest from both parties to run it back. Mayweather finished his professional boxing career with a perfect 50-0 record, winning world titles in five different weight classes. Since announcing his retirement after the McGregor fight, ‘Money Mayweather’ has begun partaking in exhibition bouts. So far, he has competed against Kickboxing ace Tenshin Nasukawa, YouTuber Logan Paul, and former sparring partner Don Moore all within an exhibition setting. His next bout is set to take place in September against Japanese MMA fighter Mikuru Asakura.