Bayern Munich will turn their attention to Cristiano Ronaldo if Robert Lewandowski continues to push for a move to Barcelona, according to reports in Spain. The Manchester United veteran is said to be frustrated with his current club's lack of progress in the transfer market and should it continue, he could consider his immediate future at Old Trafford. Erik ten Hag is yet to make a signing since replacing Ralf Rangnick and there is now concern about whether United are equipped to compete with the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool next season. Ronaldo wants to play Champions League football but is prepared to stay loyal to United, providing they show ambition in the transfer window but the signs so far, are not good. To date, there has been little progress in the pursuit of new recruits and now Bayern are seemingly monitoring Ronaldo's situation. According to Spanish newspaper AS, they are eyeing the Portugal international as a potential replacement for Lewandowski, who wants to join Barcelona. READ MORE: Man Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinations The Poland international is continuing to angle for a move after eight seasons at Bayern but the club are not keen on the idea of letting him go. Barcelona have now lodged their opening offer for the 33-year-old, worth in the region of £35million. Bayern sporting director Hasan Salihamidzic is still optimistic the Bundesliga record-breaker will stay put though following talks with the striker in Mallorca. “Lewandowski staying? Until now it's 100 per cent. July 12 is his first day at work, so I'm awaiting him," he told Sky Germany. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinationsMan Utd board 'in talks' over surprise first signing to kickstart Erik ten Hag eraWhat Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told Frenkie de Jong to spark dramatic transfer U-turn “Meeting in Mallorca with Robert was very good. Each side explained their position, good one." Lewandowski feels his time in Bavaria is coming to an end though, something he made clear at the end of the season in May. He said: “My era at Bayern is over. I don't see any possibility to continue playing for this club anymore. “Bayern’s a serious club and I believe they won’t keep me, I don't want to play there anymore. A transfer is the best solution. I hope they don't stop me." DON'T MISS: Taylor's Transfers - Liverpool clause boost, Arsenal priority deals, Armando Broja view on West Ham offer The Bundesliga champions will be hopeful that the arrival of Sadio Mane can help sway his thinking, although it seems Bayern are now drawing up plans for life after the Pole. Meanwhile, Ronaldo has just one year left on his United contract, which also contains the option for an additional 12 months. The five-time Ballon d'Or winner wants to continue playing at the highest level with the idea of competing for major silverware. United certainly have work to do if they are to force their way back into contention for trophies - something Ronaldo is seemingly aware of.