Chelsea's summer transfer plans have not got off to the best start with Todd Boehly already facing two difficult dilemmas to start his first window as the club's new owner. Liverpool have splashed big on Darwin Nunez while Manchester City won the race for the signing of Erling Haaland and Tottenham are also making their move this summer with Yves Bissouma set to be their third signing. Chelsea are already at risk of being left behind in the summer transfer window ahead of next season with pre-season training just around the corner. Managers often like having most of their business done early to get any new signings settled in before the start of the new campaign. That's easier said than done in many cases but Chelsea already face a number of difficult situations. Romelu Lukaku's future is yet to be resolved and Inter Milan have now reportedly lodged an offer to bring the striker back on loan. The Belgium international supposedly only wants to leave Chelsea for Inter, but the Blues are said to have rejected the Italy side's opening offer. The longer a decision on Lukaku's future is dragged on, the more issues Tuchel will face heading into next season. JUST IN: Tuchel draws up three-man wishlist after Lukaku exit given greenlight  Robert Lewandowski is supposedly on Chelsea's radar, but the Poland international is being strongly linked with Barcelona. Deciding on what to do with Lukaku, who Chelsea paid a club-record £97.5million to sign 12 months ago, will arguably be Boehly's biggest task. But even more important than solving Chelsea's striker situation is bolstering Tuchel's defensive options. Antonio Rudiger has now left for Real Madrid while Andreas Christensen also looks set to leave. Both were regular starters last season and Chelsea's top target for one replacement has always been Jules Kounde. But Barcelona have also now supposedly entered the race for the Frenchman's signature and are even said to be closing in on an agreement. DON'T MISS  Negotiations are said to be at an 'advanced' stage between Barcelona and Sevilla with the Catalan outfit willing to pay £51.5m. Missing out on Kounde will come as a huge blow to Tuchel and force Chelsea to look at less-preferred alternatives. Presnel Kimpembe, Josko Gvardiol and Jose Gimenez are just a few names reportedly on Chelsea's list of centre-backs. Tuchel has asked for his players to return for pre-season on July 2 with international players coming back a week later. But Chelsea look no closer to resolving their current issues and Tuchel faces the very real prospect of having far less options at his disposal this time around. Boehly has promised money will be spent on new recruits and it's very likely that players will eventually arrive at Stamford Bridge. But the stagnant start to the transfer window will not be a ringing endorsement for Tuchel, particularly due to the sagas surrounding Kounde and Lukaku.