The K-Pop boy band BTS explained they are going their separate ways for now. The popular South Korean band shared that they are on "temporary hiatus" to pursue solo careers, but they promised to "return someday". The news sparked a huge reaction online as fans compared the band's temporary "hiatus" to that of One Direction. The former X Factor stars went on an indefinite hiatus in January 2016, allowing all members to pursue other projects. The BTS band members have explained the group will be fronting solo projects amid their break. They announced the news during their annual FESTA dinner which celebrates the band as bandmember RM said it was time for them to work on their own. READ MORE: GMB's Charlotte Hawkins exudes elegance in show-stopper at Royal Ascot Several of the members broke down in tears as they talked about taking time off. The members are Jin, Suga, J-Hope, RM, Jimin, V, and Jungkook. Social media users immediately took to the micro-blogging site and shared their devastation over the news. @gcfjguk wrote: "I just realized that the mcountdown performance is bts' last performance before taking hiatus that's why they held it in an arena and invited thousands of armys. I'm crying." @sophienicole penned: "BTS hiatus is one of the most painful for me maybe because I'm just a 3-year-old army but whatever happens whatever it is I'm here to support and to love bangtan until the end. Always by your side." @kths said: "Wait BTS are going on a hiatus. I wasn't prepared for this information." @rose wrote: "I'm literally crying," while @niya remarked: "Never knew it’d hit me so hard in the chest. I'm crying." @Jkmey offered: "It feels different when namjoon is crying. You will feel the pain and the emotions that's why I cry harder when he's talking." DON'T MISS... Eamonn Holmes breaks silence on hospital dash and thanks NHS 'angels'[LATEST]‘Can’t stand the injustice’ Laurence Fox hits back over cancel[OPINION]Lily Allen in risqué braless display as she attends dinner solo[PICTURES] @Orchie Tay added: "Namjoon's tears breaking me apart... I LOVE HIM SO MUCH. I am so sad..." RM was the one to begin explaining their joint decision to their loyal fans during the pre-recorded dinner that premiered on YouTube. "I always thought that BTS was different from other groups, but the problem with K-pop and the whole idol system is that they don’t give you time to mature. You have to keep producing music and keep doing something," he mused. Jimin added: "We can’t help but think of our fans no matter what, we want to be the kind of artists that are remembered by our fans. "I think now we’re starting to think about what kind of artists we each want to be remembered by our fans. "I think that’s why we’re going through a rough patch right now, we’re trying to find our identity and that’s an exhausting and long process." Throughout the dinner - held to celebrate their 9th anniversary as a band - the seven singers all reminisced on their impressive career. Jungkook stated: "I promise we will return some day, more mature than now. Till then, we ask for your blessing."