Lady Louise Windsor was very present over the Platinum Jubilee weekend. Her style was constantly compared to that of her glamorous mother, Sophie, Countess of Wessex. How would a fashion expert describe Lady Louise’s style?  The founder of Style Necessity, Mosope Ogunjobi, is a hugely influential London-based fashion digital creator. She said exclusively to Express.co.uk: “As Lady Louise Windsor is becoming more prominent within the eyes of the public, her style has adapted with her as she blossoms with age. “Many of us remember her as a bridesmaid with a floral headband at Prince William and Kate Middleton's royal wedding over 10 years ago, when she was just seven years old, now 18, she is slowly making her way into the spotlight and taking her place amongst senior royals. "As the youngest granddaughter of the Queen, she is now making waves with her styling choices,” the expert claimed.  Mosope added: “I personally loved the silk cream gown she wore at the Service of Thanksgiving earlier this month, a true image of grace and elegance - a timeless outfit that can be worn time and time again. “She completed her look with a chunky pale pink headband, a metallic cylinder clutch bag and layered necklaces - giving a modern twist to a traditional timeless elegant look. Both neutrals and silk were predicted trends for 2022, so this outfit is totally 'on point.' "As well as being able to sport a timeless look, Lady Louise has also shown that she is up-to-date with current fashion trends, wearing on-trend colours such as vibrant pink. “She paired a pale pink jacket with a vibrant pink floral pattern fit-and-flare dress from Reiss at the Trooping of the Colour, plus this look was paired with a hat once worn by her mother Sophie Countess of Wessex.  “Sustainability - re-using and recycling is of course of high importance and I love how Lady Louise decided to rework older pieces available to her.” As well as her mother, who else does Louise pay tribute to with her fashion? The expert noted: "Louise shares her grandmother's love for horses, and she is carrying on Prince Philip's legacy with her carriage driving hobby - this was reflected during the Platinum jubilee event, at The Royal Windsor Horse Show, as she drove her late grandfather’s carriage. “Her style often reflects her shared passion and bond with the Duke of Edinburgh, as at his memorial service she wore the same equestrian broach, a simple silver design depicting the outline of a horse's head, using fashion to honour her beloved grandfather."  Daena Borrowman, the PR, Social and Digital Marketing Manager at jewellerybox also exclusively told Express.co.uk: “Lady Louise Windsor is growing into the mirror image of her mum, Sophie, the Countess of Wessex. “Sophie is one of the more underrated fashions of the British Royal Family and Louise is taking after Sophie’s classic tailored style. “Much like her own mum and many of her older royal cousins, Louise appreciates the value of re-wearing an outfit. “Evident increasingly in recent times, Louise has been paying the sweetest tribute to her mum, Sophie, by re-wearing elements from mum Sophie’s sophisticated wardrobe.  “A more recent example included Louise wearing Sophie’s beige Philip Treacy hat from Trooping the Colour 2009 to the same this year’s Trooping the Colour. “The 18-year-old even borrows coats, dresses and clutches from her mum and is turning into her mum’s style twin as she begins to explore and refine her style. Louise has been regularly wearing brands such as Zara and Reiss.” What tiara could Louise get to wear at her potential future royal wedding? Daena said: “As a grandchild of a monarch and the daughter of two senior royals, Louise could potentially be given access to tiaras from the Royal Collection, however, if her current style trajectory is any indicator, it is in fact her own mum Sophie’s wedding tiara - the Anthemion tiara, that Louise could end up wearing as a bride, one day in the future.” 