In a video on the Château de la Motte-Husson website, Escape to the Chateau couple Dick and Angel talked about their early experiences moving into the French chateau after deciding to up sticks and leave the UK to create a unique home and thriving businesses. The two laughed as they recalled a time they ran out of ice because it's impossible to get bagged ice in France. Chatting about how they found their feet in the chateau and hosting one event, in particular, Angel said: "I took on the responsibility, I so wanted it to be perfect." She confessed: "And actually I know that that's the sort of person I am. "It doesn't matter if it's a wedding or any other activity, I want that experience to be nice for everyone, and that's why I was in hospitality you know. "I care a lot, and I remember the meltdown over the silliest thing, because we had bought this little ice machine, and it was not a professional one but it was quite an expensive domestic one. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jacob Gallagher's linked to Nicola King's attacker "And it just couldn't keep up! And we were continuously out of ice, but no one really knew!" She added: "But we were literally like running around -" as Dick chimed: "You can't buy bags of ice in France!" Nodding her head, Angel explained: "They don't do it." "Yeah, you can't buy bags of ice," Dick confirmed. "And something like that is actually now why we probably have a chest freezer full of ice just in case we need one in our gin." Laughing, he went on: "That's where we are now, isn't it?" "It completely is" Angel agreed. Dick added: "We will never run out of ice again." "We built everything up and we managed to buy a commercial ice machine and we're never ever going to run out of ice," Angel repeated. "In fact, that's the reason why we have so much ice because I was scarred!" DON'T MISS... Eamonn Holmes admits he annoyed his father over childhood challenge [LATEST]Eamonn Holmes opens up on ‘hard’ time facing children [LATEST]Gardeners' World's Adam Frost opens up on new role away from BBC [VIDEO] The couple decided to buy and renovate the French chateau back in 2016. Since then, their exciting journey has been documented in the Channel 4 series. With their two young children, Arthur and Dorothy, in tow, they moved to France and have not looked back. Fans enjoy the couple's frequent updates and are often inspired by their DIY tips and tricks.  The two had their own wedding at the chateau back in the first series, and it had been a are against time to sort the castle out before the big day. However, all went according to plan, but there was still much to be done. The following series saw the couple fixing up different parts of the chateau as they expand on their vision. Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on All4.