The Queen is reportedly planning to host a joint birthday bash for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. William celebrated his birthday on Tuesday, June 21, while Kate turned 40 in January but her birthday plans were scrapped due to a surge in Covid cases. The party is due to be held at Windsor Castle or Sandringham later this summer with the Queen agreeing that the couple should “celebrate their landmark birthdays in style”. The Queen could join senior members of the Royal Family in celebrating the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s birthdays in line with the royal tradition of celebrating decade milestones. Royal expert Neil Sean spoke in an episode on his YouTube channel of Kate’s wish for Prince Harry to attend the birthday celebrations. Mr Sean said: “According to a very good source, Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge is very keen for Harry to be invited [to her and William's joint birthday party]. “[Although] no mention of Meghan, I noted in the quote I was told.” He also said that Kate would “very much like to see some relationship mounted back together” between the brothers. He added: “Apparently she thinks this would be an actual great way of bonding together. “Birthdays are a time, as she's pointed out, of celebration, families, and having loved ones around you.” Royal expert Angela Levin has said the Cambridges’ joint 40th birthday party would revolve around family. She told the Sun: “William and Kate will be equals on their birthday. It won't be about either of them, it'll be about both of them. It will be very family-oriented and wholesome rather than ‘look at me’.” DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's titles spark 'removal discussion' amid royals [INSIGHT]Kate and William 'don't want to be seen cosying up to Harry' - claim [LATEST]Meghan Markle 'hoped to reconcile with Kate' for children to bond [VIDEO] Royal author Phil Dampier added the guest list will not include lots of celebrities He said: “They’ll invite the people that actually mean something to them rather than who’s the biggest celeb they can get. “They’ll bring the people they’re closest to, the people they work with, people from the charities they support.” So what do YOU think? Should William invite Harry and Meghan to his birthday party? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.