Fern Britton, 64, has taken to Twitter to admit that she wasn’t fully dressed while speaking in a clip about her new book, The Good Servant. The author thanked all her fans for their loyalty and support.  In full view of her 113,900 followers, Fern explained that she’d had a tough day at work.  The presenter explained she had spent the day sending the book out on its “pre-trial voyage”.  She also added she had a 12 hour shift in total “signing lots of books”.  Fern said: “So I’ve had a wonderful day, sending the book out on her sort of pre-trial voyage today. READ MORE: Patriotic Kate Moss, 48, wears Union Jack ensemble for Jubilee “Doing a million interviews, meeting lots of amazing people and thankfully signing lots of books. “I'm so tired! Just got back after - Well it’s only a 12 hour shift. I know people do much worse.” She then went on to thank her fans for their loyalty and kindness before explaining that the reason her face was so close to the camera was because she wasn’t wearing any trousers. The presenter said: “I haven’t got my trousers on which is why I’ve got to do it this way - took those off!  “I’m going to have a cup of tea and go to bed, then start again tomorrow.”  Fans were quick to jump on to her post to share their well wishes.  @Alisonmb2002 wrote: “You are such a lovely lady.  “I have never forgotten your kindness when you rang me and donated your signed cycling tops to our charity ‘Rose’s Gift’ after we met you on the This Morning set back in 2009!” DONT MISS: Eamonn Holmes reacts to praise over 'chemistry' with GB News co-host (PHOTOS)Amanda Holden, 50, dares to go braless in dress on chilly London day (NEWS)David Beckham sends alluring message to wife Victoria while topless (LATEST) Fern replied: “Thank you Alison. I do hope all is well xxxxx” @Paulinehinsley1 wrote: “You are a lovely breath of fresh air- I love your tweets , from cats to beach walks to little messages. “From one old bird to another- I reminded my 6 year old grandson that I am 66 and a bit old to playing tennis for too long with him. “His answer -you don’t look 66 though nanna!” @Doodlerun said: “You are such a kind beautiful lady, you deserve nothing less, well done you, sending love.” Since 2010, Fern has published a number of bestselling novels and books of short stories and non-fiction. Her latest novel, The Good Servant, is a Royal historical novel. Before her recent foray into writing, she presented ITV’s This Morning from 1999 until 2009.