According to sources Boris Johnson is “apoplectic” about the Channel crisis which has seen thousands of illegal migrants trafficked across from France in small boats. Hopes of a solution thorugh a deal with Rwanda where people claiming asylum could be sent to the East African country were derailed earlier this month when an unidentified judge on the ECHR blocked the flight without hearing evidence from the Government. But now there are fears that UK law could make the plan impossible. The Government is now seeking to overturn the ruling to allow the flights to go ahead, but sources have told Express.co.uk that a law passed by Theresa May is an even bigger problem. A Whitehall source told Express.co.uk: “Nobody will be deported to Rwanda in the end because of the legal challenges. “The reason we went originally from 100 on the flight to five before the ECHR intervened was actually because of Theresa May’s modern slavery law. “It looks like it will be difficult to get around that.” The problem, according to sources, is that, under the law passed in 2015, the UK signed up to the Council of Europe Convention on Action against Trafficking in Human Beings "and then put bells and whistles on it". The result means that if anybody even raises a claim or suspicion that they have been a victim of modern day slavery they can get a right to remain and deportation can be blocked because of their victim status. The senior source said: “There is no need for proof at all so it is hard to see how we can actually deport anybody.” Another source noted: “Theresa May was so proud of that legislation s part of her legacy but it has caused enormous problems.” READ MORE: Tory rebel Steve Baker confirms new bid to oust Boris Johnson The Channel crisis remains “a top priority” for Mr Johnson’s Government with the Prime Minister holding “two meetings a day” earlier in the year to try to find a solution. The plan to send asylum seekers to Rwanda, introduced by Home Secretary Priti Patel, was meant to break the people smuggling business model because it would put migrants off from making the dangerous journey. One minister told Express.co.uk that the Prime Minister was “apoplectic” about the failure to stop the small boats packed with migrants coming over from France. “He really wants the crisis resolved.” MPs in Red Wall seats taken off Labour in 2019 have warned that a failure to tackle it will put them in danger at the next election. One said: “We have to show that we got Brexit done and controlling our borders is an important part of that.” DON'T MISS 'Something is rotten in state of Tories', says DAVID MADDOX [INSIGHT] Labour leader loses control as he FAILS to sack picket rebels [REVEAL] POLL: Should Sturgeon be allowed IndyRef2 so Scotland can move on? [REACT] Ironically, the Government wants to stop human trafficking bcause its victims are often forced into modern day slavery to pay the fee for having them shipped to Britain. This includes working in illegal sweatshops and being forced into prostitution. Proceeds from human trafficking are used to fund organised crime and terrorism. Earlier today Foreign secretary Liz Truss was challenged by Labour's Neil Coyle about the policy. Mr Coyle claimed that the policy was "illegal" according to the United Nations. But Ms Truss rubbished his claims, saying that the policy "is legal" and, when asked if she had been contacted by other countries about the policy, she added "yes, from others who want to copy us".