Speaking to the Royal United Services Institute (RUSI) land warfare conference in London, Chief of the General Staff, General Sir Patrick Sanders said the conflict in Ukraine was heralding a “paradigm shift” regarding how NATO responds to a crisis. Yesterday, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg announced the expansion of the alliance’s troops from 40,000-strong to 300,000, a direct response to the threat from Russia to European security. Sir Patrick said Russia knows now, more than ever, that they “cannot gain a quick, localised victory”.    Sir Patrick said: “So, how are we going to mobilise? Well, Article 5 remains the cornerstone of our national security. It makes it a critical national interest. “The conflict in Ukraine will herald, I think, a paradigm shift in how NATO delivers collective deterrents from a doctrine of reacting to crises to one of deterring them. “And this principle is at the heart of mobilisation: Russia knowing that they cannot gain a quick, localised victory. “That in any circumstances, in any timeframe, they will lose if they pick a fight with NATO.”    NATO leaders convened today in Madrid, Spain to discuss the crisis in Ukraine as well as the accession of Sweden and Finland to the alliance. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky is expected to make a direct call to NATO leaders for more weapons to repel Russian forces. He said today he had told NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg by telephone that his country needs missile defence systems to prevent Russian attacks. In comments on Twitter before a NATO summit, Mr Zelensky said: "Had a phone conversation with NATO Secretary General @jensstoltenberg. Coordinated positions on the eve of the NATOSummit in Madrid. Stressed the importance of a powerful missile defense system for Ukraine to prevent Russian terrorist attacks." READ MORE: Zelensky expected to make weapons call amid NATO turmoil [REVEAL]   Yesterday, Mr Stoltenberg announced a “new military blueprint” for NATO forces, increasing the bloc’s army more than seven-fold. He said the focus would be on NATO battlegrounds in eastern Europe with closer geographical links to Russia. He said tactical units of several thousand troops would be deployed, bolstering the forces to “brigade level”. He said: "I'm confident that Moscow, President Putin, understands our collective security guarantees, and understands the consequence of attacking a Nato-allied country. DON'T MISS: NATO Summit LIVE: 'Business of killing!' Protest erupts as group boost [LIVE] Boris Johnson says economic impact of war is 'worth paying' [INSIGHT] Ex-minister warns Putin will not stop at Ukraine [REPORT] "It will trigger a response from the whole Alliance. And to underpin that message, we are increasing the NATO presence." NATO's rapid reaction force is a combination of land, sea and air units designed for swift deployment in the face of attack. It maintains a reactionary role and limits itself to the deployment of troops only when other NATO members are attacked. Its forces have steadily grown in size over the past decade, increasing from 13,000 troops to 40,000 since 2014, and now to 300,000. READ NEXT: NATO expansion: Who makes up defence force?'The West is provoking us!' Putin's puppets prepare for NATO attack'Hostile action' Will Russia attack Lithuania?NATO to up 'high-readiness' defence force to 300k as Putin war fearsPutin poised to launch second deadly missile strike on Kyiv TOMORROW   