Megan McCubbin, 27, joined her stepdad, Chris Packham, for Monday's Springwatch, which returned to BBC Two last week. As she presented live from Hauxley Nature Reserve, Megan described some of the wildlife the site had to offer. The photographer explained how the area was home to 160 different species of bird, and while she talked about what some of the feathered animals were up to, she stated: "I love a shag." Of course entirely innocent as Megan was referring to the bird's feathers, her pre-watershed comment was most unexpected, and soon after many viewers at home took to social media to hit out at the "shocking" remark. Detailing what could be seen on the live camera, Megan said: "We have seen a lot of live-action here already. "Let's take a look at some of the species we've already seen - beautiful grey heron. "It's using precise precision to capture its prey." She added: "Resident all-year-round, you can see them in shallow waters. READ MORE: 'Where's Tom Jones?' Viewers torn as Diana Ross closes Jubilee concert "Look at that, shaking its head. And a shag, I do love a shag," she added, referring to its appearance. Following the bizarre comment, she continued: "They can go down to 45 metres, taking the plunge there, I hope it's a success for it." The comment didn't go unnoticed by confused viewers, some of whom were less than impressed. Twitter user @piklgredlit wrote: "#springwatch at it again. Megan McCubbin declaring how she loves a shag. It's 8.15pm. Shocking..."  @fruity61 furiously penned: "#Springwatch once again this dreadful programme sinks to a new level of idiocy. "BBC need to look at what qualifies the idiot Megan to present apart from nepotism." @SilverfoxFreed1 shared: "#springwatch I see her stepdad is teaching Megan his old habits on dodgy comments 'I love a shag.'" "How much was the presenter dared on #springwatch to say 'I do love a shag'?" asked Geoff Rodgers. DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Mitch shaken as brother Avery unveils secret [THEORY]EastEnders fans furious as Lola Pearce star ‘axed’ from BBC soap [REACTION]Tipping Point fans stunned by history-breaking move 'Taxi for three' [LATEST] Other fans of the show found the statement comical though, with @JoJeffs20 posting: "‘I do love a shag’ oh Megan that cracked me up! #springwatch." @Bravesword6 added: "BBC Spring Watch presenter talking about sea birds and one species in particular... 'I do love a good shag'. Naughty lady! #SpringWatch." "No way did she just say that! 'I do love a shag' #springwatch," @MattAllen89 chimed. (sic) Megan started to work with her naturalist stepdad Chris in 2020 when she joined him in Autumnwatch. She was back last year for the seasonal shows, with many praising her presenting skills. Speaking recently to Express.co.uk and other media, Megan admitted she had some concerns over her Springwatch role. "The reaction that I get from Springwatch is one that is overwhelmingly positive," she stated. "And the audience has been so welcoming and so lovely and so kind about me joining the show. “Obviously pronunciation, Irish names for me, that was the last series when I pronounced a few Irish towns wrong. “But I am dyslexic so sometimes I struggle pronouncing words that I say all the time and I'll just randomly say them wrong, especially if a word starts with the same letter." Springwatch continues on Tuesday at 8pm on BBC One.