From serum to surgery, anti-ageing does not always come cheap. Wellness Psychologist Ieva Kubiliute exclusively told Express.co.uk her five top tips for looking younger without a hefty price tag. Collagen is a protein found in the body and is responsible for keeping the skin firm and supple. But as people age, their collagen becomes fragmented, often leading to the skin becoming saggy. Ieva said: "The key to youthful looking skin is collagen. "I recommend collagen creams because they are proven to remove wrinkles by tightening the skin and enhance skin hydration and elasticity." READ MORE: 'Free botox': Facial yoga practitioner shares 3 facial massages This next top tip can reduce the appearance of ageing in just seconds. One problem many women have with concealer is that it sinks into the lines under the eyes that appear with age. To combat this problem, Ieva advised: "You can reduce creating attention in the eyes by applying the concealer on the inner circles under the eyes only. "You may also choose to substitute the concealer with a highlighter pen." According to this expert, the benefits of flaxseed are many. "I love flaxseed because they clear spots, thanks to Omega-3 fatty acids. "They also have anti-inflammatory properties that reduce redness and irritation. "My clients who use flaxseed have reported seeing fine lines ironed out in six weeks of frequent consumption." What's more, this simple ingredient is great for hydration. For those wanting to lose weight, eating fibre-rich flaxseed helps the body stay fuller for longer, curbing those processed food cravings. Flaxseed can be purchased from most supermarkets, and cost just £1 for a 150g packet at Tesco. Ieva stated: "Exercising regularly is beneficial to your general health." But which workouts are best for a more youthful appearance? According to the wellness guru, strength training - including both bodyweight and weighted exercise - can "tighten saggy skin". She added that research suggest that it could also "help reduce wrinkles". As the body ages, muscle mass decreases, so working the muscles is especially crucial later in life. Ieva's fifth and final tip was to try going meat-free. "I recommend loading your meals with fruits and vegetables for slower ageing. "They contain phytonutrients that reduce the effects of environmental radicals." A healthy diet filled with plenty of fruit and veg, supplemented with lean proteins, whole grain cereals and healthy fats will "improve your body functioning and reduce the ageing process". For those who can't imagine going totally meatless, meat-free Mondays or only eating meat for one meal of the day are less severe options.