McLaren's Artura GT4 public debut will take place at the 2022 Goodwood Festival of Speed from June 23 to June 26 in Chichester, West Sussex. The Artura GT4 is the race version of McLaren's new supercar. The new vehicle is also the first with McLaren Carbon Lightweight Architecture. It features a carbon fibre monocoque, a rigid structure providing stronger and safer driving. Ian Morgan, Director of Motorsport McLaren Automotive, explained: “The Artura GT4 is the second race car to be built from the ground-up by McLaren Automotive’s Motorsport division. READ MORE: British drivers rage over elderly man’s fine for overtaking a cyclist  "Based on the revolutionary new McLaren Artura, it represents a significant step up from the outgoing 570S GT4, itself a hugely successful competition car which has achieved many race and championship wins with our customer racing teams. "With lighter weight, extremely precise handling characteristics and enhanced durability, as well as the packaging and efficiency advantages and all-round serviceability for mechanics of the new V6 powertrain, the Artura GT4 will set new class standards, as we are already seeing from our extensive test and development programme.” The new car has a compact V6 engine and weight-optimised ancillaries and exhaust system. The Artura GT4 is more than 100kg (15 stone) lighter than the outgoing 570S GT4.  A seven-speed gearbox with onboard diagnostic software powers the super-fast car. This is different to the Artura road car’s eight-speed seamless shift gearbox as the race car uses the E-motor for reversing. Other improvements allow more grip and less tyre degradation. Pirelli has developed better suspension and handling with the front wheel width to achieve this. Customers who wish to purchase the new race car can register interest through McLaren Motorsport Retailers. Buyers of the Artura GT4 can make some tweaks to the car, including the fitting of a passenger seat and harness as well as changing the seat size. McLaren's new supercar will make its public debut at the Goodwood Festival of Speed taking place from June 23 to June 26. Visitors will be able to see the race car in action ahead of its competitive debut. McLaren Factory Driver Rob Bell and winner of last year’s Timed Shootout Final in the McLaren 720S GT3X will be at the wheel. The carmaker plans to continue the intensive test and development programme ahead of the 2023 season. The first customers will be able to see their own supercars compete next year.