Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall arrived at Trooping the Colour today in a carriage with Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. The Cambridge family are known to favour blue outfits, often appearing publicly wearing the colour, so why is this the case? At Trooping the Colour today, Prince George and Princess Charlotte sat in the carriage with their little brother Prince Louis seated between them. Charlotte was pictured wearing a cornflower blue dress, while George wore a very smart blue suit. Louis also wore a blue naval-themed outfit, and he at one point appeared to have his hand pushed down by his big sister while he waved enthusiastically. Blue is often the Cambridge family's colour of choice. Earlier this year, Prince George and Princess Charlotte joined their royal parents for the traditional Easter service, and the entire family was dressed in shades of blue. READ MORE: The Queen’s treasured item she carries to this day from father George The whole family also appeared to clap for the nation's carers in 2020 wearing blue in tribute to the NHS. There are multiple theories about why the Cambridge family often dress in blue. Kate and William are thought to dress their children in blue to symbolise their cohesion as a family in the public eye. But blue is also a powerful colour, which is fitting for the future King and Queen and their children. Karen Haller, Behavioural Colour Psychology and author of The Little Book of Colour, previously spoke to MyLondon about the Cambridge family's favourite colour. Ms Haller said: "Wearing the same hue when the Cambridges are showing they are coming together as a family, representing themselves as a cohesive unit. "When it comes to colour psychology darker blues communicates you are in a position of authority, trustworthy, reliable and can be depended on. "You have a sense of duty and take that seriously with committed focus. DON'T MISS:George, Charlotte and Louis mark key first with Trooping the Colour [INSIGHT]Trooping the Colour LIVE: George, Charlotte and Louis steal show [LIVE]Prince George, Charlotte and Louis tipped to be eased into duties [ANALYSIS]  "There is also an adverse side to blue and that is you can come across as aloof and distant so they don’t want to inadvertently create the feeling that they are unapproachable." Prince William wasn't present in the Cambridges' carriage today as he was taking part in the procession on horseback. But the Cambridge family will be reunited later today on the Buckingham Palace balcony. Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis will watch the RAF flypast alongside their great-grandmother, the Queen.