Rafael Nadal has revealed that Roger Federer sent him a congratulations message after he won a record-extending 14th French Open title. The success in Paris was Nadal's 22nd Grand Slam title, which is two more than long-term rivals Federer and Novak Djokovic.  Nadal had to fight through a painful foot injury to go the distance in Roland Garros before he comfortably dispatched Casper Rudd in straight sets in the final. And shortly after the match the Spaniard received a message from Federer as their relationship continues to blossom. "With Roger we have a good relationship and a special feeling,” Nadal told Sky Sports in Italy. “After the victory he wrote me a message to congratulate me." Nadal and Federer's relationship has grown stronger over the years and they are set to play doubles together at the Laver Cup in London later this year. There will be at least 42 Grand Slam titles on one side of the net when Team Europe take on Team World at the 02 Arena.   The pair have always had a good relationship on tour and event play one another in exhibition bouts, the most recent being the Match for Africa in February 2020, where 51, 954 people turned up to watch, the most to ever attend a tennis match. During lockdown throughout the coronavirus pandemic, Nadal and Federer had a video call on Instagram Live, much to the entertainment of thousands of followers who tuned in. There have been plenty of well-wishes between the two as Federer looks to return to the court later this year after undergoing surgery. Meanwhile, Mats Wilander has explained why Nadal is more fun to watch than Federer and Djokovic.   “The older I get, the more I enjoy watching him play,” the seven-time Grand Slam champion told L’Equipe. “We see that he trusts his variations more than when he was 22 or 23 years old. I find his tennis more fun than Roger's or Novak's. “With Roger, everything seems easy. It's simple and aesthetic. Rafa is different: his true personality arises when the racquet hits the ball. Of course, the beginning and the end of the motion are not as fluid as with Roger. But the contact with the ball is so pure, his touch on the ball is so extraordinary that I am blown away." 