Kylian Mbappe's new contract with Paris Saint-Germain is set to see the Ligue 1 champions conduct a major overhaul this summer. The Frenchman has signed a three-year deal to stay at the Parc des Princes, receiving wide-ranging influence in return. According to Mundo Deportivo, part of that influence will come when the club overhauls its squad over the summer window. It is stated that 13 players will be put on PSG's transfer list, six of whom may interest Manchester United and Arsenal. Both Premier League rivals are looking to boost their defensive options this summer. That could see Thilo Kehrer, who is said to be looking for a 'way out' attract interest, with the German capable of playing at right-back, left-back and centre-back. Though he has struggled with injury, Juan Bernat could also be an option, with both Arsenal and United looking for left-sided fullbacks. The 'door is open' for Bernat to leave Paris and would bring vast experience to a new club, having previously featured for Bayern Munich. READ MORE: Neymar given Newcastle transfer advice amid PSG exit rumours If Mikel Arteta or Erik ten Hag were looking for a younger player who they could develop, then Colin Dagba could make a cheap back-up at right-back. He was PSG's first-choice in the position before the arrival of Achraf Hakimi, which would make him an ideal number two. Having fallen down the pecking order at PSG, Julian Draxler is another who is free to leave the French capital. Draxler is capable of playing in a number of attacking as well as in central midfield, positions that both United and the Gunners are seeking to strengthen. DON'T MISS: Liverpool 'had Mbappe and Salah plan drawn up' before PSG u-turn (TRANSFERS)Chelsea consider PSG raid amid fear James may join City or Real Madrid (NEWS)Mbappe to rub salt in Real Madrid's wounds by pinching target for PSG (INSIGHT) Still only 27-years-old, Leandro Paredes would be a huge boost to the midfield departments at both Old Trafford and the Emirates. He has already won the Copa America and has impressed before in defensive midfield. With Mauro Icardi 'not fitting' PSG's project, he could be a prime target to solve Arsenal's striker problem. The Gunners will see Alexandre Lacazette depart and Icardi has consistently proven to be the reliable goalscorer Arteta is looking for.