Rafael Nadal has shared an assessment of his thrilling Grand Slam battle with Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic and says he's not bothered if Djokovic wins more Slams than him. For the last 15 years the trio have dominated tennis, sharing 62 major titles between them. They have all pushed one another to their limits and made each other better players in the process.  The trio have set the standard of men’s tennis at an unimaginable height. This time last year, Novak Djokovic had won his 19th Grand Slam and had beaten Nadal en route. The Spaniard only played two more matches after that defeat in 2021, ending his season early due to a chronic foot injury. As a result, the Serbian seemed the clear favourite to overtake Federer’s record of 20 Slams, but once again Nadal rose from the ashes and proved the naysayers wrong. Against all odds he triumphed at the Australian Open to win his 21st Slam, before increasing his tally to 22 with victory at the French Open on Sunday. The battle for the most number of majors is set to continue and as he has said multiple times in the past, Nadal is not consumed by the thought of finishing his career as men’s tennis’ most successful player at the grand slam level. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal 'respects and understands' Wimbledon ban decision as he explains ATP response "Of course, I want to be the player with (most) Grand Slams in history - that's competition," Nadal told CNN. "But it's not something that I am obsessed (with) and it's not something that changed my mind. “Honestly, it's something that does not bother me if Novak wins 23 and I stay with 22. I think my happiness will not change at all, not even one per cent." Nadal captured his 14th French Open title this past weekend, thrashing Casper Ruud in the final 6-3, 6-3, 6-0 in what was a truly ruthless performance. Eurosport presenter Mats Wilander, a former French Open champion in his own right, believes the 36-year-old’s astonishing record at the clay-court Grand Slam will never be broken. But Nadal, always eager to understate his achievements, thinks his record at Roland Garros could one day be beaten. "I always consider myself a very normal guy, so if I did it, maybe somebody else can do it," he added. "It's obvious the record of 22 Grand lams is something much more possible that somebody can increase that record. I am sure that's going to happen; 14 Roland Garros is something ... very difficult." The tennis legend has been suffering with his chronic foot injury of late and dismissed any fears he may be retiring after the French Open, but his long-term future in the sport remains unclear. "I never had in my mind (plans) to announce any retirement after this event, but of course, there is a possibility that things are not improving," he said. "Then I don't know what can happen." In his press conference after his latest Grand Slam triumph, Nadal said he will play Wimbledon if his body allow him to do so. If he does appear on centre court come the end of June, he will be aiming for a third straight major and the 23rd of his remarkable career.