All the sanctions that have been imposed on the country seem to have little effect on the aggressors, who seemingly simply brush aside threats from the world's major powers, says Paul Marston from Walsall, West Midlands. Putin knows his critics cannot risk a world war so he is able to continue his criminal activities. But where will Russia stand when the shocking war does end? Who, with any integrity, will want to deal with it again? And will Putin's "success" inspire other crazy regimes around the world? Other tyrants will be monitoring this conflict.  So now the G7 leaders agree to stay with Ukraine for as long as it takes. Well they need telling "as long as it takes" means Ukraine being razed to the ground and thousands dying, says Keith Woods from Manchester. G7 needs to move in with force to remove Putin. We have multiple deaths in a Kremenchuk shopping centre while G7 sit on their backsides, eat fancy dinners and talk while Ukrainians perish.  Ukrain's acceptance by EU members for their heroic and restrained defence is a well-deserved boost for morale going forward as a member candidate, says Valerie Silver from Basingstoke, Hampshire. I fear the war will continue as long as Putin is in power, changing course once again to focus on creating a land corridor in the East. A generation of Russians have a terrible legacy being left to them.  Former Prime Minister John Major dismisses the fact that thousands of people received blood transfusions that were contaminated with HIV and/or hepatitis C as "bad luck," says Robert Readman from Bournemouth, Dorset. No Mr Major. Bad luck, for this country and the people directly affected by this scandal, was having to endure you as Chief Secretary to the Treasury from 1987 to 1989 and then Prime Minister until 1997.  Why can common sense not prevail any more? Says Peter Rushton from Chorley, Lancashire. If boys want to wear shorts let them and if the girls wish to continue to wear a skirt let them. It is no wonder we have young children wanting to change sex with this nonsense going on. 