Ministers hope the eco-friendly project will help to reduce Britain’s CO2 footprint, and its dependency on gas. Energy bills have soared in recent months and are expected to swell even further by the time the next energy price cap review takes place. Some eligible candidates are able to apply for grants to fit the new technology, but costs can still reach as high as £35,000. The BUS scheme involves homeowners, in England or Wales, switching from traditional boilers to ground or air source heat pumps. Applicants can get £6,000 off the cost and installation of a ground source heat pump, £5,000 for an air source heat pump, and £5,000 for a biomass boiler. However, the latter only applies to rural areas and properties that are off the gas grid. You also won’t be eligible for a grant if you already have installed what the Government deems as ‘low-carbon heating systems’, such as combi boilers.  READ MORE: Laundry task to ‘always’ do when washing clothes for ‘best results’ So, is it worth getting your property fitted with the new system? Express.co.uk spoke with Myles Robinson, a heating expert from Boiler Central, to find out the pros and cons. Whether or not it makes sense for you to switch will depend largely on the suitability of your home. If your property is appropriate for ground source heat pumps, they can be “perfect - especially for underfloor heating”. Mr Robinson explained that compared to their air source equivalents they provide “more renewable heating, [are] capable of drawing more heat for less effort and require little-to-no electricity to run”.  He added: “They are also far less dependent on the weather, compared to air source heat pumps which struggle to draw warmth from cooler air temperatures, just when you need the heating the most.” But he countered that if you live in a flat, it’s not feasible financially or practically, to have either a ground or air source heat pump installed. Air source heat pumps are much cheaper to install - averaging around £7,000 - but they are entirely dependent on the outside weather. So, on colder days you will still need to use your boiler. The heating expert explained that the value of heat pumps does not come in a financial form, but, rather, in terms of “predictability and eco-friendliness”.  DON'T MISS: Inside Zara Tindall's £750,000 estate in Gloucestershire with Mike [INSIGHT]Energy crisis horror as households fork out more than £500m  [ANALYSIS]Jacob Rees-Mogg cannot reap benefits as Brexit ‘not done' [NEWS] He said: “As the name suggests, these pumps source their energy to heat a home from either the ground or the air. “If your home and pockets are fit for installing a heat pump, especially a ground source one, it really is absolutely fantastic for the environment.” Ground source heat pumps can last up to 25 years, compared with air source heat pumps, that degrade in around a decade. Gas boilers tend to have a lifespan of 15 years. Residents should also bear in mind that you generally won’t need to obtain planning permission for ground source heat humps, as they do not change the exterior of your property.  The same can’t be said for air source heat pumps though, which will alter the exterior and generate some noise pollution. Even if your home is suitable for a switch, you may not have the finances to afford one. Mr Robinson said the BUS scheme “seems to only be feasible for high-income households”, given total fitting costs can range anywhere between £5,000 to £35,000. He said: “The reality is that most homeowners are looking for immediate solutions to cutting their gas bills because of the cost-of-living crisis. They most certainly do not have tens of thousands of pounds to spare. “The Boiler Upgrade Scheme is not for them. It is for those who can already afford the significant upfront costs of a greener heating system.” Asked for a message to the Government, he said it should provide more help to Britons by extending its proposals “at least partially” to include other forms of green energy. He said: “Upgrading one’s boiler does not have to be limited to switching to heat pumps, which are currently inaccessible to the vast majority of UK homes, not just financially, but technically. “There are many greener, cheaper and - importantly - suitable alternatives, such as combi boilers, solar panels and hydrogen-ready boilers.” 