Sadio Mane has been handed extra motivation to leave Liverpool for Bayern Munich after his national team coach waded into the transfer saga. Mane has entered the final year of his contract at the Reds and is believed to be ready to leave Anfield for the Bundesliga giants. The two clubs are currently in negotiations over a transfer fee, with Liverpool already rejecting two bids from Bayern. Though his desire is to leave, Mane is yet to attempt to force through any exit. The 30-year-old is currently away on international duty, helping Senegal to win the opening two games of their Africa Cup of Nations qualifying group. And his manager for the Lions of Teranga has now encouraged his star winger to make the move to Munich. "It's not just Sadio, and I'm going to talk about it for all those players who are in a situation where they have to find a club, it's complicated. Why? Because it is all this problem that awaits us for the World Cup which is in November," Aliou Cissé told Source A, via Senego. READ MORE: Liverpool star Virgil van Dijk played integral role in Nunez transfer "And I tell my boys to try to settle the contract problems so that when their respective championships resume, they will have already found a base. I heard about Sadio at Bayern. For me it is a club that is of its standing. "Bayern is intensity, pressure football with a German coach. Sadio played in Salzburg in Austria which is a border country, and that means he is not going into unknown territory. For me, the club where he will feel the best is Bayern." DON'T MISS: Liverpool 'agree terms' with second star as transfer momentum builds (TRANSFERS)Liverpool 'expect' to gain cash boost for missing out on Tchouameni (NEWS)Liverpool 'change stance on Phillips transfer' as Klopp draws up plan (INSIGHT) Mane may need to get himself involved in the negotiations if he is to fulfil the wish of his national team boss. That is because Bayern transfer chief Hasan Salihamidzic has suggested that the club could walk away from talks with the Reds. "Generally speaking, we're trying to strengthen our team. We're working on several options in attack. The transfer market is not easy, it always depends on the financial possibilities of the club. I don't want to talk about players of other clubs. Of course we can't rely on one option to strengthen our attack. We must have several options," he said.