Princess Beatrice stunned crowds as she arrived at St Paul's Cathedral wearing an elegant blue ensemble. Many took to Twitter to express just how stunned they had been left by the eldest daughter of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson - not just for her style but also for her poise and elegance. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** One Twitter user, AkuaAfriyie, wrote: "Ok I will put Catherine in the Hall of Fame but wow look at her. "She looks wonderful. I love love love her look." Similarly, Royally Blunt wrote: "Princess Beatrice got me confused for a minute. She was looking so like Catherine. "I'm loving her and Edo in leaps and bounds!" Others said to be growing more and more fond of Beatrice. Angela Grace said: "My opinion of Princess Beatrice is changing. She is stepping up and is respectful." Another Twitter user, Mar0618, added: "I’m liking Princess Beatrice more & more at these events." Finally, AgathaMarple said: "Princess Beatrice is stunning. She has really come into her own with her style and her confidence." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan to christen Lilibet tomorrow with the Queen For this poignant service, Beatrice donned a blue long-sleeved dress, accessorised with a matching hat, dangly silver sparkly earrings, a clutch bag and nude pumps. Beatrice and Edoardo arrived alongside Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank. Eugenie wore a bright orange dress with short sleeves, paired with a black hat, heels and a clutch bag. The sisters and their husbands sat next to each other during the service and were positioned in the second row.  The seating arrangement was dictated by the royal pecking order, with the front row reserved for working members of the Firm. This marked the second public event Beatrice and Edo attended to celebrate the Queen during this extended bank holiday weekend. On Thursday, they were among the members of the Firm to watch the Trooping the Colour parade from the Major General's Office. The pair kept a low profile, and only Edoardo was spotted in a couple of pictures taken during the parade. The property developer looked at the spectacle by standing behind Meghan Markle and some of the Queen's great-grandchildren. Edoardo and Beatrice have taken part in a few public events over the past weeks. In May, they attended the preview night of A Gallop Through History, an equestrian show featuring more than 500 horses and 1000 performers. Upon leaving the arena where it took place, Beatrice was saluted with three cheers from the performers. The pair, who tied the knot in July 2020, were also among the attendees at the memorial service for Prince Philip in March. On that occasion, Beatrice was spotted in tears during the poignant tribute to the late Duke of Edinburgh.