There are many types of dementia, with Alzheimer's disease being one of the most common. It is a progressive neurologic disorder that causes the brain to shrink and brain cells to die. The AS says in 2040, there will be over 1.5 million people with dementia in the UK, at the current rate of prevalence. Around one in 10 people with dementia have more than one type at the same time and this is called mixed dementia.  The NIH says: “Damage occurring in the brain of someone with Alzheimer’s disease begins to show itself in very early clinical signs and symptoms.” It explains the first symptoms of Alzheimer’s vary from person to person. “Memory problems are typically one of the first signs of cognitive impairment related to Alzheimer’s disease. “Decline in non-memory aspects of cognition, such as word-finding, vision/spatial issues, and impaired reasoning or judgement, may also signal the very early stages of Alzheimer’s disease,” it adds. READ MORE: Arthritis breakthrough: Research may have found a way to treat and even reverse arthritis  Problems can include: It adds: “People with severe Alzheimer’s cannot communicate and are completely dependent on others for their care. Near the end, the person may be in bed most or all of the time as the body shuts down.”  The health body says that if you're worried about your memory or think you may have dementia, it's a good idea to see a GP. It says: “If possible, someone who knows you well should be with you as they can help describe any changes or problems they have noticed. “If you're worried about someone else, encourage them to make an appointment and perhaps suggest that you go along with them.” The NHS says there is no single test that can be used to diagnose Alzheimer's disease.  The AS says: “Although getting older is the biggest risk factor for dementia, evidence shows there are things you can do to help reduce your own risk. These include keeping active, eating healthily and exercising your mind.” It explains eating a healthy, balanced diet may reduce your risk of dementia, as well as other conditions including cancer, type 2 diabetes, obesity, stroke and heart disease. Though it notes: “No single ingredient, nutrient or food can improve brain health by itself. Instead, eating a range of different foods in the right proportions is what makes a difference. This is known as a ‘balanced’ diet.” The charity says also if you smoke, you’re putting yourself at a much higher risk of developing dementia later in life.  The AS notes: “Many people affected by dementia are concerned that they may inherit or pass on dementia. The majority of dementia is not inherited by children and grandchildren. “In rarer types of dementia there may be a strong genetic link, but these are only a tiny proportion of overall cases of dementia.” It also notes that not all kinds of Alzheimer’s disease are the same. Most people with the condition develop it during their 70s and 80s, but in a small proportion of cases, it can affect people in their 50s and 60s. This is known as ‘young-onset’ Alzheimer’s disease. 