The BBC Weather meteorologist said the mercury will slowly be climbing as the plume of hot air slowly moves towards the country. Southern areas are set to take in the best of the weather, with Cambridge forecast to hit nearly 29C (84.2F) on Friday, with the temperatures hitting mid-20s in most of the UK. He however warned some northern areas will have to go through a period of showers over the weekend and the early part of the coming week before being able to bask in the hot weather. Mr Rich said: "Temperatures could well become a bit of a talking point through the week ahead. "Low pressure to the northwest still bringing some front systems at times across western parts of the UK, so there will be some outbreaks but high pressure likely to dominate things towards the south. "As that high slips its way eastwards, it looks though the second half of next week we could start to tap in into some really quite warm air from the south. "So what would that do to the temperatures? Well, for parts of Wales and the southern half of England, we could see temperatures up into the mid to high 20s, so a burst of summer warmth, potentially. "Even further north and west, were there will be a little bit of rain at times, and it will be a little bit cooler, we will see those values well up into the 20s. It looks like there's something warmer on the way." But the forecaster conceded unsettled conditions will be in charge across northwest Scotland and Northern Ireland over the weekend before the weather starts to improve. Mr Rich also warned strong wind will be plaguing some areas. with gusts expected to hit 50mph in northwest Scotland. He continued: "Pretty soggy conditions at the moment across parts of Western Scotland. Some showers for Northern Ireland, just fringing into the far north of England as well. "Further south, that's where we've got a dry start, a little bit of mistiness here and there, that should clear quite quickly. "Then for England and Wales a decent amount of sunshine today, just one or two, mainly light, showers. "Northern Ireland will see some showers, and, for Scotland, those showers continuing through the day – some will be heavy, some will be thundery." The meteorologist added: "And here it will be really quite windy as well, generally windy across the northern half of the UK. "But in northern Scotland, gusts perhaps touching 50mph, unusually windy for this time of year. Temperatures 13C-14C in Northwest Scotland, compared with 22C in parts of eastern and southeastern England. DON'T MISS: Spain heatwave: Torrid 42C blast sparks urgent alert for holidaymakers [ANALYSIS]UK weather: Worry for Hay fever sufferers [INSIGHT]Scientists warn 'super pollen' to cause hayfever HELL [EXPLAINED] "Through this evening and tonight, we will keep some showers going, most of them will fade. "The winds will slowly start to ease a little, it will stay quite breezy, there will be some clear spells out there, temperatures typically between 9C to 12C. "Sunday is, for all intents and purposes, another sunshine and showers day. There won't be as many showers as there will be today. "The showers still more frequent the further north and east you are, in the south not so many showers and some decent spells of sunshine. Still quite breezy, not as windy as Saturday, and temperatures maybe 17C for Aberdeen, 19C for Cardiff, 20C the high in London."