Michael Weatherly is best known for his impressive 13-season stint on the hit CBS action-drama, NCIS. After departing the series in 2015, he went on to head up the new legal drama, Bull, on the same network. Now his follow-up TV role has also come to an end, fans have been speculating whether a return as Special Agent Anthony DiNozzo is imminent, and the star has just taken to Twitter to confirm his next career move. Former NCIS agent Michael took to Twitter on Tuesday to confirm he had made a return on Cameo. The app provides personalised messages from celebrities which users can request for a fee. Popular users include Steve Harvey, Ice Cube and The Inbetweeners’ James Buckley. Michael confirmed his return on his personal Twitter page, writing: “Just in time for Father’s Day.” READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen Many of his 468.3k followers were thrilled to see him come back to Cameo, especially after wrapping up the sixth and final season of Bull at the end of May. Luz Angela Vallejo J replied: “The most awaited return, great! I enjoy your little videos way too much. Big kiss from Colombia.” Heather Love-Hinton said: “Fabulous. We were all experiencing withdrawal symptoms.” @AussieFan13 commented: “Welcome back Michael, it's great to have you back on Cameo, you have been missed.” “Yes and stay on!” Patti Lipscomb exclaimed. “Especially this summer. “Everyone going through BULL WITHDRAWALS, even with reruns!” “Oh, yay!!” Sherri Keefer added. “I love watching your Cameos!! They always make my day!!” While @allegriallen pleaded: “I WANT DINOZZO. I can't think you'll never come back, there cannot be @NCIS_CBS WITHOUT YOU.” DON'T MISS:The Last Kingdom’s Edward star pays tribute to Sonya Cassidy [TRIBUTE]SEAL Team’s Max Thieriot’s status confirmed after landing new role [LATEST]Stranger Things season 4 dealt blow as rival crowned best of 2022 [INSIGHT] The NCIS fan base has been speculating his return even more than usual this year after Michael completed his work on Bull after six seasons. Nothing has been confirmed so far, but it’s looking more likely he could make a special appearance as Agent DiNozzo for the show’s milestone 20th season. Executive producer and showrunner for NCIS Steven D. Binder recently addressed the rumours, and didn’t outright deny any plans to bring him back to the fold. “I absolutely would love to do something like that”, he confirmed to TV Insider. “That’s going to depend on Michael Weatherly.” “He and I have talked over the years about it, and he was always on Bull, and [since] he was on Bull, it just seemed weird and not right. “The last conversation I had with him was that he’s going to take some time off and rest,” Steven added. Michael may be taking a well-deserved break for now, but he did recently reference giving his Ziva David co-star Cote De Pablo a call in another social media check-in. Could NCIS be building towards an epic reunion for season 20? Fans will have to wait until the series returns to CBS after the summer to find out. NCIS season 20 will premiere on CBS in the USA later this year. Season 19 continues Wednesdays on Disney+ in the UK.