Liverpool and Manchester City have shifted to transfer strategies akin to the rebuilds Sir Alex Ferguson completed to maintain success at Manchester United, according to reports. The Reds are widely expected to make Benfica striker Darwin Nunez their most expensive player amid wider changes to the club’s squad. Jurgen Klopp could make Nunez his first major summer purchase if the Anfield hierarchy can agree a deal for the player. Benfica are believed to want around £80m for Nunez, who scored 34 goals across all competitions last season. It comes after Man City completed the blockbuster signing of Erling Haaland from Borussia Dortmund. The two Premier League clubs are expected to welcome further arrivals ahead of next season, as City seek to retain the title and fend off competition from the Reds. According to the Independent, both clubs have moved towards strategies similar to the one legendary former Man Utd boss Ferguson oversaw at Old Trafford. Semi-regular overhauls helped the Scot maintain United’s dominance of English football in the 1990s and 2000s. JUST IN: Man Utd put forward 'higher proposal than Liverpool' for Darwin Nunez Ferguson replaced senior stars with fresh faces every few years to keep his squad in peak condition. Liverpool and City appear to be doing the same now. That is because Nunez is likely to replace Anfield icon Sadio Mane as the prolific Senegalese ace seems set to join Bayern Munich. It has been widely reported that personal terms will not be an issue, but Liverpool are still holding out for an acceptable fee. According to the Mirror, the Bundesliga side’s latest offer for the 30-year-old, including bonuses that are near-impossible to achieve, ‘insulted’ Liverpool. DON'T MISS...Man Utd put forward 'higher proposal than Liverpool' for Darwin NunezSterling urged to consider Liverpool but warned fear may be an issueFive Premier League deals that could be completed today Mane’s departure might be followed by a staggered sidelining of fellow senior players. For instance, Mohamed Salah has only a year remaining on his contract and while the Reds are keen for him to sign a new deal, they will not be held to ransom. That could see a replacement for the Egyptian bought within the next 12 months. At Premier League champions Man City, a similar pattern is being followed. Haaland has arrived at the Etihad Stadium while at least a couple of long-standing members of Pep Guardiola’s squad will leave over the coming months. The report continues that Raheem Sterling and Bernardo Silva have been offered to interested parties. The latter is courting attention from Barcelona, while there has been widely reported interest in Sterling from Chelsea. Klopp and Guardiola hope that refreshing their squads will deliver the same success Ferguson enjoyed at United. The Red Devils won 13 Premier League titles, two Champions Leagues and a plethora of domestic honours under the now-80-year-old.