The Duke of York, 62, looked pensive as he was seen behind the wheel of his Range Rover. Andrew's outing comes the day before British socialite Ghislaine Maxwell is to be sentenced in New York. The 60-year-old was convicted in December of sex trafficking and other crimes after a month-long trial that featured evidence from four women who said they were abused in their teens by the late billionaire paedophile Jeffrey Epstein. It also comes as other members of the Royal Family have travelled en masse to Scotland for Holyrood Week. The Queen, who has cut back on public engagements due to mobility issues, attended the historic Ceremony of the Keys at the Palace of Holyroodhouse earlier today. Prince Charles, Princess Anne, Prince Edward and Sophie have all headed north of the border for events this week. However Andrew no longer carries out public duties and will not be involved. The Duke stepped back from royal duties in 2019 following his disastrous Newsnight interview about his friendship with Epstein. His reputation was severely tarnished by his involvement in a civil sexual assault case brought against him in the US by Virginia Giuffre. He has always strenuously denied the allegations and the settlement earlier this year was not an admission of guilt on his part. Earlier this month, it was reported that Andrew wanted to make a royal comeback. A source told the Telegraph he wanted his royal status "reinstated, recognised and respected". But the Duke was forced to remain out of sight on Garter Day on after a "family decision" was taken to limit his appearance to a behind-the-scenes lunch and investiture ceremony. As Prince Charles, Prince William and other senior royals processed through the grounds of Windsor Castle for a church service commemorating the Order of the Garter, Andrew stayed behind closed doors. The Prince of Wales and the Duke of Cambridge are understood to have lobbied the Queen about the Duke of York's participation in the occasion. Royal expert Joe Little speculated that the events of Garter Day may cause Andrew to reassess his future and how "impossible" it is for him to return as a working royal. He said about the move to ban Andrew from public view: "I think the decision they've made is a sensible one, I think they're fully aware of the public's opinion of the Duke of York's conduct and that this is very much a damage limitation exercise on behalf of senior members of his family." 