Reports in Spain claim Jorge Mendes has proposed Cristiano Ronaldo leave Manchester United for a return to Juventus this summer. The Portugal international only swapped Turin for Old Trafford a year ago. But, with the Red Devils failing to qualify for the Champions League, it seems like there’s a chance he’ll leave the fallen Premier League giants this summer. Manchester United didn’t originally intend to sign Ronaldo a year ago. But, when it became apparent he’d be leaving Juventus behind, the Red Devils decided to intervene to prevent the forward from joining Manchester City. Ronaldo didn’t disappoint in his first season back at United, netting 24 goals amid a difficult campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. However, his goals were unable to propel the Red Devils into the Champions League qualifying slots. And, now, Sport say Mendes is trying to broker a sensational return to Juventus for the 37-year-old this summer. Ronaldo previously spent three years with the Serie A giants, firing them to two Scudetto triumphs in the process. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez But he decided to leave a year ago after deciding the time was right to pursue a new challenge elsewhere. Juventus secured a top-four finish last term but were 16 points behind league winners AC Milan, who claimed glory for the first time in over a decade. Yet Mendes is said to have ‘proposed’ his client head back to the Allianz Stadium this summer. While that’s the case, however, Ronaldo would have to take a pay cut - with the United star earning close to £400,000-a-week in Manchester. And Juventus are focusing on other players for now, too. Paul Pogba is their priority, with the France international recently leaving United on a free transfer for a second time. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen And they’re also looking to land Angel Di Maria, who was recently shown the door by Paris Saint-Germain after eight years in France. Ronaldo has indicated he will stay at United for the start of the Erik ten Hag era, with the 52-year-old recently named as the club’s new boss. But Jamie Carragher recently expressed a belief Ten Hag would be wise to jettison the forward this summer. "I'm convinced [Ten Hag] has got to do it with Ronaldo. I'm convinced,” he told Sky Sports. “Whether he's allowed to or not, and I've said this consistently through this season, that was not a good signing. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “Cristiano Ronaldo is one of the greatest players of all time, and I'm seen as the guy that's criticising Ronaldo. "Ronaldo's a miles better player than I was; I couldn't even lace his boots, obviously. But I'm not saying that to be disrespectful to him - he's amazing. “Ronaldo has never played in a team this bad. He's always played for great teams. His attitude of trying to be the main man, getting the goals, driving people on; when you're in a great team, they're seen as positives. "When you're not playing for a great team, it can be seen as a negative, and I think it has been a negative this season. “Man United can't go into next season with a forward who's going to be 38. Even if he does score goals, that's not right for Man United - one of the biggest clubs in the world." Ronaldo penned an emotional statement to Juventus fans after his move to United last August. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here He wrote, “Today I depart from an amazing club, the biggest in Italy and surely one of the biggest in all of Europe. I gave my heart and soul for Juventus and I’ll always love the city of Turin until my final days. “The ‘tiffosi bianconeri’ always respected me and I tried to thank that respect by fighting for them in every game, every season, every competition. “In the end, we can all look back and realise that we achieved great things, not all that we wanted, but still, we wrote a pretty beautiful story together. “I will always be one of you. You are now part of my history, as I feel that I’m part of yours. “Italy, Juve, Turin, tiffosi bianconeri, you’ll always be in my heart.”