Hilary Devey, who starred in Dragons' Den, has sadly died. The TV favourite died while in Morocco following a long battle with her health, her agent confirmed today. The award-winning entrepreneur made her millions as the CEO and Chairman of Pall-Ex, the UK’s leading palletised freight distribution network. According to reports, the businesswoman had been "ill for some time". They have since issued a statement that confirmed the news of her death. "I can confirm that Hilary sadly died yesterday," her spokesman said. READ MORE: Karren Brady talks royal 'pulling the strings' as Queen 'steps back' They added to The Sun: "She had been ill for some time." Tributes have since poured in for the entrepreneur following the shock news. Former Dragons' Den star Theo Paphitis paid tribute on social media, writing: "So sad to hear of the passing of the lovely Hilary Devey. She left us all with some fantastic memories, may she rest in peace. My thoughts are with her family." Twitter user, @thebarbraqueen wrote: "So sad to hear of the passing of @HilaryDevey today. A lovely woman with a fierce spirit. Will be sadly missed."   @chetanvanker commented: "RIP Hilary Devey." @dallaswatham penned: "RIP Hilary Devey, you absolute legend." Hilary has previously opened up about her health problems in the past after she suffered a stroke in 2009 which caused her to lose a portion of her brain. The entrepreneur explained the details of her stroke, which left her fighting for her life in intensive care. During an appearance on ITV’s ‘This Morning’, she revealed that at first, she thought she just had a headache, saying: “I took two paracetamol and drank some water and went to bed. DON'T MISS... Kate Garraway left 'fretful' as husband Derek 'in and out of hospital'[LATEST]Donny Osmond's wife rushed to singer's aid after 'terrible bout'[EXCLUSIVE]Harry Styles in Glasgow gig horror as fan plunges from top balcony[UPDATES] "The following morning when I woke, the pain was worse. I was trying to pack for a business trip - something I've done a million times - and I just could not coordinate packing a suitcase... I couldn't understand what was wrong with me.” During an appearance on ITV’s ‘This Morning’, she revealed that at first she thought she just had a headache, saying: “I took two paracetamol and drank some water and went to bed. "The following morning when I woke, the pain was worse. I was trying to pack for a business trip - something I've done a million times - and I just could not coordinate packing a suitcase... I couldn't understand what was wrong with me.” Hilary went on to explain that hours later her arm had gone “completely dead” and when she collapsed in the shower her son dialled 999, suspecting she’d suffered a stroke. Of the damage incurred by her stroke, she said: “I lost a third of my brain... and I think it took me six months to come to terms [with it]. I had no energy to do anything. “There is so much now that I can't do. I remember coming home from the hospital and getting into the bathroom - and I thought what do I do now, I didn't even know to turn the shower on." She explained that prior to her stroke she had suffered no health problems. Haulage boss Hilary, who received a CBE in 2013 for services to the transport industry and charity, starred in a series of TV shows. She featured on the Secret Millionaire in 2008 and donated more than £70,000 to the Back Door Music Project and the Syke Community Centre in Rochdale. In March 2010, she presented The Business Inspector for Channel 5, a four-part documentary series aimed at transforming struggling businesses. But twice-divorced Hilary's big break came in February 2011 when she joined the panel on the Dragons' Den, following the departure of James Caan. She later announced she was leaving the series in June 2012 after signing a two-year agreement with Channel 4 before joining the Loose Women panel in 2015. The entrepreneur made her fortune after launching freight network Pall-Ex in 1996.  