Former Chelsea winger Pat Nevin has claimed that Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski would be the “perfect” replacement for outgoing Romelu Lukaku, and believes that Thomas Tuchel bringing in the Polish star would be the “dream scenario”. Lewandowski has publicly stated his desire to leave the German giant, with Barcelona named as his ideal suitor, but Nevin hopes that the Blues hijack their move and bring the 33-year-old to Stamford Bridge. “The dream scenario for Chelsea is if they get Lewandowski and Romelu went,” Nevin told Boylesports. “That's the perfect solution. The decisions are Romelu's now. I never thought Lukaku was a Tuchel player, I was surprised at the move. “Purely in style terms, he's not suited. The problem is Chelsea's style isn't suited to Lukaku either. It's a very odd one. A lot of people were saying last year 'this is the final piece in the puzzle, they've added goals'. “I never saw it, they had goals already. they needed someone working hard, dragging players out of position, Romelu isn't that type of player. He wasn't like that at Everton or United. He can score goals, but the sort of payer Chelsea needed was different. If he stays, he has to adapt, Chelsea don't adapt to him, he adapts to Chelsea. That's a big ask, it's a big call for a player who isn't used to playing that way.” READ MORE: Chelsea line up Man City raid with defender set to join Sterling Lukaku is finalising a move back to Inter Milan, following Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen out of the club this summer and Nevin has named the number of transfers it would take for Chelsea to be able to compete with Manchester City and Liverpool. “Minimum of four,” he said. “Two centre-backs for a kick-off with Christensen and Rudiger gone. [Thiago] Silva is just fabulous, one of the best I've seen in the Premier League, but he's not going to last forever, he's not going to play every game and he might get injured. Can't fully rely on a player his age. DON'T MISS: Four players Maxwell may land for Chelsea if appointed transfer chief (INSIGHT)Chelsea follow up interest in Inter Milan star after Lukaku talks (NEWS)Chelsea owner Boehly holds talks with City to 'finalise' Sterling deal (TRANSFERS) “I also think they need a striker that worked in the Lewandowski sort of way, that would allow [Kai] Havertz to go into the ten role, one of the two behind the striker and he is world-class at that. He could be one of the greats in that role. He's already scored the winner in two finals, he's very young and he's already had the dream career a 38-year-old would want. He's improving all the time. “The other position, they need a bit more creativity, the [Hakim] Ziyech position. But they've got him and [Mason] Mount and him to be fair. In the end, Chelsea need the two players they didn't have last season which is [Reece] James and [Ben] Chilwell, who both missed a lot through injury. “Their success came when they were in the team, [at] the start of the season they were flying. It's like if you took [Andrew] Robertson and Trent [Alexander-Arnold] out of Liverpool, look where they would be. They will fall far and Chelsea are almost the same.”