The Platinum Jubilee celebrates Queen Elizabeth II's 70th year on the throne in 2022, with people spending the bank holiday weekend remembering her contributions to the UK. At the same time, thousands of other Britons will receive a similar commendation in her name. The list of people lined up to receive one of nine awards in the Queen's birthday honours was released by the Government today. Below is a summary of the top honours and those receiving them, if you'd like to see the full list click here. The century-old Order of the Companions of Honour, founded in 1917, will receive three new appointments in 2022. The order recruits those who have dedicated their lives to the arts, government, medicine and science. The birthday honours list includes English and creative writing professor Dame Marina Warner, illustrator Sir Quentin Blake and Sir Salman Rushdie this year. The Order of the British Empire (OBE) splits into five distinct categories, with the two highest rankings being Dame Grand Cross and Knight recipients. Anyone awarded an OBE can use the Sir or Dame moniker before their first name, but the Dame Grand Cross is a cut above both and recognises outstanding industry contributions. In 2022, Dame Sue Ion, the chairwoman of the UK Nuclear Innovation Research Advisory Board (NIRAB), is on the list. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie opens up in emotional message to Queen The Order of the Bath recognises contributions from military and Government officials. Usual recipients include senior ranking officers and civil servants. Bernadette Kelly, the Department for Transport permanent secretary and Charles Roxburgh, the second permanent secretary at the Treasury, received the award this year. Dame and Knighthoods go to those who make significant contributions at a national level to their industry. The latest list is a who's who of MPs and public officials, with top-ranking NHS officials recognised. Knighthood recipients include: Damehood recipients include: CBEs go to people who have made similar contributions to Knights and Dames. Recipients are usually those with permanent but less prominent national roles or who have made significant contributions to any industry. In 2022, 85 people have received CBEs, including actor Damian Lewis and designer Stella McCartney. OBEs go to people with a locally recognised role that has garnered them national renown. The 2022 list includes 246 people given the award, with several famous faces among them. Top sportsmen Rio Ferdinand and Moeen Ali are among those being recognised for their local contributions. MBEs award those who have made contributions at a similar level to their OBE colleagues but without national recognition. Ranking MBEs have made outstanding and long-lasting changes to their local communities. Recipients this year include Tony Blair's son Euan, singer Bonnie Tyler and 450 others. BEMs are the most recent addition to the British honours system, introduced by Tony Blair during the Queen's Diamond Jubilee in 2012. The awards recognise people who have made a "hands-on" service to their local communities. During the New Year honours this year, 304 people received a BEM for their work.