The first is an official declaration of independence by Taiwan and the second is internal unrest within the country. Both of these seem extremely unlikely for now. Taiwan is generally accepting of independence in all but name and its political mechanisms are largely stable. The third catalyst however would be the presence of foreign military personnel on Taiwanese soil or territorial waters, both of which the CCP considers to be its own territory. As of late last year, the US had doubled its unofficial military presence in Taiwan from 20 to 39. Still, this has yet to materialise into full-blown military deployment. But the CCP’s declaration that the 100-mile-long Taiwan Strait - which separates the island from the mainland - is China’s sovereign waters could offer the pretext for conflict. The Strait is considered international waters, which both the US and Royal Navy sail through. Should they do so now, after the CCP has declared the Strait to be theirs, the condition for action against Taiwan could be achieved. Hype? Perhaps not. Just this week, Taiwan scrambled jets to warn away 29 Chinese aircraft in its Air Defense Identification Zone (ADIZ), including bombers which flew to the south of the island. Such activities have become more frequent, designed to wear out Taiwanese forces by making them repeatedly scramble, as well as to test Taiwan’s responses. This was the largest incursion since May, when Taiwan reported 30 Chinese aircraft in its ADIZ. Also in May, China’s military conducted an exercise around Taiwan as a “solemn warning” against “collusion” with the US. In June meanwhile, Chinese President Xi Jinping signed a directive allowing for “non-war” uses of the military, perhaps paving the way for a ‘special military operation’ – akin to what Russia declared in Ukraine. China is studying the Ukraine war closely. Despite claims that Russian setbacks have put the CCP off Taiwan, Chinese state media has never stopped telling the Chinese people that Russia is winning. That alone could force the CCP’s hand. After all, people will ask, if Russia can go for Ukraine, then why can’t China go for Taiwan. Now Russia appears to be achieving victories in eastern Ukraine, pressure will mount on Beijing. The CCP has also seen the West, spooked by Russia’s nuclear arsenal and military capabilities, unwilling to get stuck into Ukraine. And Beijing believes the West is unlikely to impose Russia-style sanctions on China, given how dependent the US and others have become on Chinese manufacturing. Of course, Taiwan comes with its own set of challenges, not least the fact the Taiwan Strait is difficult to cross for much of the year. Still, Taiwan is over 16-times smaller than Ukraine, and as an island can be more easily blockaded to prevent Western military equipment from pouring in. The great danger for the West – and particularly the US – is that while Ukraine is of only moderate strategic value (to Washington at least), Taiwan’s strategic value is of a whole different magnitude. This is partly thanks to Taiwan’s outsized role in the global electronics sector, with its dominance in microchips. More importantly though, Taiwan is key to the ‘first island chain’ which blocks easy Chinese access to the Pacific. Should Taiwan fall to Beijing then the CCP is likely to gain dominance over the Pacific, undermining the US Navy’s role as guarantor of the sea lanes, with a potentially devastating impact on the US Dollar. Little wonder two US senators recently introduced a bill – the Taiwan Policy Act - to provide billions of dollars in security assistance to Taiwan. Like Russia vis-à-vis Ukraine, China also has the advantage of proximity to Taiwan. The CCP has militarised nearby islands in the South China Sea, and has the capabilities to fire at US forces in the region and beyond. All the US mainland is now within strike range of China’s Dongfeng-41 ICBM, while the success rate in shooting down ICBMs is extremely low. Mounting Western war fatigue over Ukraine could also embolden the CCP. China wants Taiwan by any means necessary. The loss of face of not going for Taiwan at some point could be too much to bear for Beijing. But the CCP still has to offer some pretext for going in. Short of a declaration of independence or full US military deployment – which could become necessary one day – claiming sovereign over the Taiwan Strait could then create the pretext Beijing needs.