Express.co.uk spoke to Rob Hobson, Head of Nutrition at Healthspan, about the top foods that could aid long Covid. He said: “First and foremost, it is about eating a healthy balanced diet which is reflective of the Mediterranean style of eating.” Mr Hobson added: “This type of diet will help to support all areas of your health including your immune system.” Apart from general healthy regime, the expert recommended specific food items and components that might help. For example, fatigue seems to be a major long Covid symptom, with the Office for National Statistics reporting this sign as the “most common” one. If you feel tired all the time, the type of carbohydrates you eat could play a certain part. READ MORE: Cancer warning: Three vitamin supplements linked to an 'elevated' risk of lung cancer Mr Hobson said: “If fatigue is an issue, then opt for wholegrain carbohydrates to help provide a sustained level of energy between meals.” Another common symptom among long Covid sufferers is loss or changes in sense of taste and smell. From smelling things that are not there to picking up unpleasant odours, Covid can hamper your senses in different ways. The nutritionist recommended trying to wake up your taste by introducing “strong flavours”.  He said: “Changes in taste and smell can impact on your desire to eat so try to include plenty of strong flavours to gain some essence of taste. “Try foods like spices, citrus fruits and string cheeses.” However, if you struggle with smells and tastes, you might find yourself without an appetite. Plus, aversion towards food is one of the recognised symptoms of long Covid. Mr Hobson advised: “If you are losing weight due to a poor appetite, then consider changing the way you eat to a little and often approach. “Make all your meals as nourishing as possible to get the most out of them nutritionally.” Another crucial aspect is gut health. The expert said: “Gut health is important for health and immunity so include foods that support a healthy microbiome which includes fibre-rich foods, such as wholegrains, vegetables, nuts, seeds and probiotic foods.” Apart from boosting your dietary regime with fibre-packed foods, Mr Robson also suggested supplements. “Probiotic supplements may help with gut symptoms but these are not proven to help with long Covid per se,” he noted. When it comes to supplements, another useful product could be vitamin D, according to Hobson. “If you are spending most of your time indoors as a result of long Covid then consider taking vitamin D all year around.” Although further research is currently needed to establish the exact role of the sunshine vitamin in Covid, some studies have discovered a potential link between the two. For instance, studies found that people deficient in this vitamin were more likely to test positive for the virus. Furthermore, those with high rates of vitamin D deficiency, who experienced acute respiratory failure, were at higher risk of dying, the Mayo Clinic states.