Rafael Nadal has confirmed he intends to play at Wimbledon following a successful treatment for his chronic foot injury. The Spaniard will bid to extend his Grand Slam record by winning a 23rd Major at the All England Club to pull further ahead of rivals Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer, who are still tied on 20 each. Nadal has confirmed in a press conference that he will travel to London on Monday with the intention to Wimbledon following the radiofrequency procedure he had last week in attempt to dull the feeling of pain in his foot caused by his chronic injury. The world No 4 recently won a record-extending 22nd Grand Slam title at the French Open and revealed he would not be at SW19 unless his latest injury treatment was successful. The 36-year-old has been practising on the grass courts of the Mallorca Country Club over the last week - following the expected timeline after his treatment to begin hitting within three to four days if he felt no pain. And he is now set to appear at the All England Club for the first time since he crashed out to Federer in the 2019 semi-final. Speaking at a press conference held at the club on friday, he said: "What was done in Barcelona [the medical treatment] is not a 100 per cent immediate thing, but the changes are noticeable, I have noticed a difference, some slightly strange feelings to be honest. With the treatment in the nerves, things happen in your foot, sometimes one part of the foot goes numb, sometimes another. It's normal apparently and after a few weeks the nerves reorganise themselves. I'm happy. I've felt a bit of pain, but it's different to what I had before, which for me is progress."   JUST IN: Emma Raducanu and Rafael Nadal inspire Ryan Peniston in 'best week'  Nadal also revealed he underwent two rounds of treatment as he confirmed: "My intention is to play Wimbledon," saying he would travel to London on Monday to practice at the All England Club. "It's a day-to-day issue. It's not a mathematical thing and less in the problem that I have," he said of his foot's response to the treatment. "I have had two sessions of this treatment and they were satisfactory. These five days have allowed me to train and have answered well." And the two-time Wimbledon champion said things had been improving every day since the treatment. "After three years without playing on grass you have to be patient - every day I have been improving a little in the sensations," he continued. "I have one week of training left in London. I hope it will help me to become competitive at Wimbledon." DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu faces Wimbledon nightmare amid Eastbourne decisionDjokovic warned of 'fatal mistake' in brutal putdown after Nadal claimEmma Raducanu sent Wimbledon warning as Sue Barker bites back  Nadal will also play an exhibition match at the Hurlingham Club next week, with Andy Murray also keeping the door open to play one match at the club after pulling out of Queen's.  "I will travel to London, play two matches there before the tournament and follow my normal schedule to prepare for Wimbledon," he said. "Who knows what can happen in a couple of days -- if the situation changes or something more negative (happens), there will be a moment to explain. But I am excited to travel to Wimbledon and to play for the first time in three years."  The 36-year-old also followed up by confirming his intention to play the US Open later this summer, using the Canadian Masters 1000 in August as a warm-up tournament before heading to Flushing Meadows. And he confirmed the previously-reported news that his wife was expecting their first child.  "If everything goes well, it's true that I'm going to be a father, but I prefer not to talk about my private life," he said. "I don't expect this to mean a change in my professional life."