The weather largely held out for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations this weekend, with the four-day schedule of events going ahead in relatively dry conditions. However, conditions are set to deteriorate over the coming days as a low-pressure system moves across the UK bringing heavy showers and storms. Tyler Roys, senior meteorologist at AccuWeather, said showers would begin to break out across southern England on Tuesday before the area of low pressure moves across much of the UK into Wednesday, bringing rain and thunderstorms. He told Express.co.uk: “An area of low pressure will move across N. Ireland and southern Scotland on Tuesday night and Wednesday. This will bring a period of rain overnight to N. Ireland, Wales, southern Scotland and England. "Spells of rain will be across central and northern Scotland on Wednesday, while thundery showers will be widespread across N. Ireland, Wales, southern Scotland, Northern England, and the Midlands. It is across this area that the thunderstorms could be the ‘heaviest’. “The odd thundery shower will be across southern England mainly in the afternoon, including London. Showers will likely be across N. Ireland, western Scotland on Thursday and across northwestern England, Wales and far southwestern England in the afternoon. “Showers will be scattered across N. Ireland, Scotland and northern England on Friday while the odd shower will be across Wales, Midlands and southern England.  “Showers are expected to continue across N. Ireland and Scotland on Saturday and for Sunday, while there is a risk for showers across northwestern England, Wales and southwestern England." However, Mr Roys added that parts of the East Midlands, southern England and Wales would see some sunshine into the weekend. Mr Roys said: “The best chance to see sunshine this week is likely Wednesday and Thursday in the afternoon in the eastern Midlands and southern England and Friday across much of Wales and England. Sunny periods are expected over the weekend.” The Met Office issued a yellow weather warning for rain in eastern parts of England which was in place until early Monday morning. READ MORE: UK Weather: Joy for soaked Brits as rain to clear  The forecaster told people to expect possible flooding, travel disruption and potential power cuts. A six-hour thunderstorm warning was in place across much of southern and central England on Sunday, threatening to bring an early end to Jubilee celebrations. It comes after the forecaster issued a warning on Sunday that unusually warm temperatures between June and August will prompt “likely heatwave impacts” including thunderstorms and downpours. The Met Office’s three-month outlook added stormy conditions to earlier heatwave warnings. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Desperate Russians turns to crowdfunding [LIVE]Eugenie delights fans with rare behind-scenes video of baby August [BREAKING]Over 40 NATO warships and 7,000 troops gather in Baltic [LATEST]  A spokesperson for the Met Office said: “Even with a slight reduction in the chance of a wet period, spells of wetter weather are likely to [bring] heavy showers or thunderstorms at times. “There is an increase in the likelihood of warmer-than-average conditions “Whilst this doesn’t necessarily mean heatwaves will occur, it does increase the likelihood of heatwaves compared to normal.” The three-month outlook warned of a 40 percent chance of extreme heat­­ - double that of normal years - and a 15 percent chance of a wet summer compared to 10 percent chance of a dry summer. 