 The Platinum Jubilee celebrations kick off today with Queen Elizabeth’s annual birthday parade — Trooping the Colour — which sees Her Majesty’s household troops on display at Horse Guards Parade. It is part of a special, four-day bank holiday, from Thursday, June 2 to Sunday, June 5, to celebrate the Queen’s 70-year reign. A special line-up of shows and presenters for the TV coverage of the Jubilee will feature on BBC throughout the weekend, with the first programme, ‘The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee: Trooping the Colour’, airing at 10am on Thursday. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 **  It will cover the momentous start to the Jubilee celebrations and capture the iconic scene when Her Majesty appears on Buckingham Palace balcony. Huw Edwards, presenter of BBC News at 10, will host the programme alongside Kirsty Young and JJ Chalmers. Huw, 60, has two decades of experience in royal reporting and has seen the country through multiple royal weddings, funerals and state occasions. Despite his veteran status, the presenter admitted that he still worries about making mistakes, telling the Daily Mail last week: “I'm a worrier. I tend to overthink.  “If I get a note from a viewer or somebody points out on social media that I've got something wrong – and I know they're right – it can wreck my entire day.” But Huw can smile at one mistake: calling the Massed Bands of the Guards Division the “Massed Gangs of the Bards Division” in a hilarious gaffe. He admitted: “I did that at the Festival of Remembrance at the Royal Albert Hall. “Thankfully the Queen hadn't arrived but everyone else had, including the Prime Minister, the Government and the heads of the Armed Forces.  “The place erupted in laughter. There was no hiding place. “I said, 'Should I say that again?' And people laughed again.” Huw also recalled a mistake he had made at his very first Trooping the Colour. He said: “For my very first Trooping the Colour in 2003, I was so nervous I said the Queen had recently seen either Harry or William passing out at Sandringham.  “It should have been Sandhurst. I knew straight away that I was wrong. I got letters saying: 'You shouldn't be doing this job.' “There were others that said: 'What is this Welsh guy doing, get him off!'” But the Llanelli-born broadcaster was soon reassured by an ally in the Army. He explained: “I confessed afterwards to a guy called Billy Mott, Garrison Sergeant for the Welsh Guards at the time, who was a massive character. “He said something along the lines of: 'Get a life! Of course people know you know the difference. Go and have a drink.'  “That was just what I needed. This guy was arranging the parade, so if he was happy I was happy.” As Huw prepares to present this year’s Trooping the Colour, he knows that he will have a particularly important watcher in his TV audience. He explained: “There's a telly on in the room in Buckingham Palace that opens out onto the balcony, so they all watch the coverage before they step out. “I've been told on good authority that Prince Philip would say something disobliging to the screen. Hopefully not about me!”  This was also the case for the recent State Opening of Parliament, of which the live coverage was presented by Huw. Her Majesty was unable to attend the State Opening for the first time in 60 years due to “episodic mobility issues”. Prince Charles and Prince William went in place of the monarch and took on her biggest constitutional duty. Huw said: “I'm glad I wasn't told during the broadcast that the Queen was back at Buckingham Palace or Windsor watching it herself.  “Apparently she watched the entire broadcast. So that brings its own pressure.” Huw Edwards presents ‘The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee: Trooping the Colour’ on Thursday at 10am on BBC One.