Jodie Burrage rushed to the attention of a ball boy and feed him Percy Pigs after he appeared to take a funny turn. The Brit's match was delayed as she ran to get him a bottle of Gatorade before other officials attended the scene. The ball boy was placed in a seat and drank from a bottle of Gatorade handed to him by Burrage before the Brit started giving him Percy Pigs. Burrage who was a set down against Lesia Tsurenko at the time of the stoppage after play had resumed following a rain delay. The Brit then helped the boy to his feet and walked him off court alongside Wimbledon officials. The worrying incident happened at the start of the second set as fans seemed to notify the players before Burrage grabbed him a drink. The match was then brought to a halt as the boy was tended to. Burrage, who crashed out after losing to her opponent in straight sets, said afterwards: "Yeah, he just said he was feeling really faint. He couldn't actually really talk. It was quite distressing to see. WIMBLEDON 2022 LIVE: Raducanu shows Nadal support as Day One interrupted by rain "Just tried to get him some sugar, gave him a Gatorade and a gel. The gel is not the nicest thing, so they managed to find some Percy Pigs somewhere along the line in the crowd, which he got down and then started to feel better. Yeah, hopefully he's feeling better now. "To be honest, it didn't affect me too much, I guess. I actually came out, hit a great serve, probably the best serve I hit in that match after that. If anything, it did help me. "But, yeah, I just hope he's okay."  The 23-year-old is one of nine Brits in action on the opening day of Wimbledon, including Emma Raducanu and Andy Murray who both play later today on Centre Court. However, her Wimbledon campaign has ended in heartbreak after Tsurenko claimed a 6-2, 6-3 victory. Burrage's compatriot, meanwhile, Yuriko Miyazaki can set up a blockbuster all-British affair with Raducanu if she and the US Open champion prevail from their first-round matches. Miyazaki is in action first on Court 17 and takes on France's Caroline Garcia while Raducanu is due on after Novak Djokovic as she makes her Centre Court debut against Alison Van Uytvanck. The British sensation is confident of getting past Uytvanck despite entering the tournament in mediocre form and with injury issues. Speaking ahead of the match, Raducanu said about her opponent: "I played her in August last year [at a WTA 125 event in Chicago]. It's nine months ago. I think she was the top seed at the time. I kind of just got into the tournament. "I definitely feel like game-wise I back myself pretty much against anyone. I feel if I really put my mind to it and commit, then I can be pretty good. So I'm definitely looking forward to the match." 