Liverpool have not ruled out the possibility of signing another forward before the end of the summer transfer window but will not pursue a move for Chelsea winger Christian Pulisic, according to reports. The Reds recently added to their attacking ranks by rubber-stamping a move for Benfica forward Darwin Nunez, with the six-time European champions paying a fee in the region of around £67million for his services. The Uruguayan marksman is widely expected to serve as Sadio Mane's replacement at Anfield, with the latter having joined Bayern Munich on a long-term deal until the summer of 2025. However, it seems as though Liverpool could return to the market to land yet another forward over the coming weeks as Jurgen Klopp looks to fine-tune his squad in preparation for the new Premier League season, according to CBS Sports.It is claimed that Liverpool could opt to recruit a second attacker to succeed Divock Origi, who is close to joining AC Milan on a permanent basis upon the expiry of his contract at the end of this month. They will not be targeting Pulisic, though, despite having been linked with the Chelsea man on a handful of occasions over the last few weeks.Pulisic endured a difficult campaign with the Blues last season after being forced to play a back-up role and has recently been tipped to leave Stamford Bridge in search of a new challenge before the action gets back underway. However, he remains tied down until the summer of 2024 and there is no indication that Chelsea will be looking to cash in over the coming weeks and months. JUST IN: Arsenal plan to hijack deal for Man Utd target with Bellerin swap deal The player himself has already insisted that he is excited to see what the future holds for him in west London after being left encouraged by his first meeting with new owner Todd Boehly, who recently purchased the Blues from Roman Abramovich in a lucrative multi-billion pound deal."I think I still got a lot of games, but it's always something that I'm working at and trying to be regular at club level as well to put myself in the best position to be fit when I come here with the national team," said Pulisic earlier this month. "At the end of the season, we were able to meet with them [Chelsea's new owners] and they were around the club a lot. They are really good people, so I'm excited moving forward."Meanwhile, it remains to be seen which players Liverpool could target if they dive back into the market to bring in another new attacker before the end of the summer window. They have been credited with a tentative interest in the services of Jarrod Bowen over the last few months, while the likes of Cody Gakpo and Raphinha have also been mentioned in connection with the Reds since the turn of the year. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here