Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame on Instagram after she started sharing clever cleaning tips and tricks. Now with more than four million Instagram followers, fans of the social media sensation often share their own finds, including how to remove rust from bathroom radiators. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to remove rust from her bathroom radiator after failing when using a Brillo pad. Stef Cubillo Lopez wrote: “Hey all! I hope someone can help me. How can I get rid of rust on my bathroom towel heater? “I tried with a Brillo pad but it was not too good.” Bathroom radiators are handy for drying towels fast, but they can also be a nuisance when it comes to rust. READ MORE: Toilet cleaning: How to remove yellow toilet seat stains The combination of metal and oxygen with water or air moisture can cause a chemical reaction which forms rust. This may happen if the bathroom is hot and steamy and the radiator has damp towels on it. While it can be hard to remove, there are a number of different cleaning tips to try, including using white vinegar and tin foil. Katie Hayes said: “Scrunched tin foil dipped in white vinegar and gently rub the rusty areas.” DON'T MISS: Mark Lane shares ‘best’ compost to use for a ‘simple’ way to grow veg [EXPERT]Lawn tips: How to to ‘thicken’ lawns and ‘crowd out weeds’ [INSIGHT]Gardening tips: ‘Best time of day’ to water your garden plants [TIPS] Tammy Brookes commented: “To remove rust, the easiest way I’ve found is to use white vinegar and buff it in with tin foil. “It sounds weird but it really works, my bathroom radiator looks amazing now!” Trudy Simmonds replied: “Tin foil gets all of my rust off and it’s insanely cheap, only 68p from Home Bargains.” The tin foil works by using its coating of aluminium oxide to help break down the rust. Debora Bell wrote: “I first used tin foil on its own, but then I saw a hack on this page to use it with white vinegar and it worked so much faster.” The rust may even come off quicker when combining the foil with white vinegar. White vinegar will help to break down the rust due to the acetic acid it contains. The two will react and oxidise any tarnish that may have built up. White vinegar can be purchased for as little as 29p from Tesco. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested pairing the tin foil with ketchup to remove rusty radiator stains. Tracy Laing said: “Rub tomato sauce on it, leave for five minutes then rub with scrunched up tin foil.” Mark Green added: “Tinfoil scrunched up into a ball dipped in ketchup will do the trick.” Ketchup is great to help break down the carbon that creates tarnish on metal. However, be careful not to apply the ketchup too liberally, as it can cause a mess.