Lorraine Kelly, 62, candidly confessed last week that she has struggled to find time to watch Piers Morgan’s new TalkTV show, Uncensored. The ITV host explained how her packed schedule means she has not yet been able to watch the former Good Morning Britain presenter’s new programme. When asked whether she has seen his new show, Lorraine said: “Do you know what? I have seen… Because obviously a lot of the people that worked with us are actually working with him behind the scenes. “The show is at 8 o’clock at night - it’s quite difficult. That’s usually when I’m doing my homework or catching up with stuff. “But, you know, it’s going to find its place. It’s going to find its place. “And look, the more choice the better, as far as I’m concerned. You know, you have more choice. READ MORE: Davina McCall flaunts bikini body as she shares ‘diary post’ of trip “It’s up to you, as a viewer, what you want to do,” the Lorraine star told The Mirror’s Jess Saying. Last week, Piers was dealt with a blow after his new show took a dive in ratings. The broadcaster had only recently returned to television screens back in April after a year-long hiatus after leaving Good Morning Britain. The first episode of his show boasted more than 400,000 viewers and proved an instant hit. However, the programme soon started to lose momentum, with figures dropping significantly since its inception in April. TV critic and broadcaster Scott Bryan has been monitoring the ratings and issuing reports on Twitter. He said: "Piers Morgan Uncensored continues to experience some of his lowest overnight ratings yet. "His first episode in April had 317,000 viewers. DON'T MISS...'Disgusting' Piers Morgan slams Prince Harry's 'terrible' decision [UPDATE]X Factor star hit by tragedy as fiancee dies on wedding morning [LATEST]'Glad to be here' Dick Van Dyke, 96, says he's happy to be alive [PICS] “Last night’s episode had *just* 32,000 viewers, a tenth of that." Last week he also revealed Piers had blocked his account, adding: "I tweeted the ratings of Piers Morgan Uncensored, and I’ve been Censored." Piers, on the other hand, seemed happy with his ratings as he shared the results from his interview with Usain Bolt on June 9. Piers tweeted: "UPDATE: Thursday's @piersmorgan with @usainbolt was our highest-rated show for 3 weeks, beating Sky News & GB News. "In our 28 shows to date, we've beaten @SkyNews 15 times (53%) and @GBNews 21 times (75%). If this is ratings 'failure', I can't wait to see what success looks like!" He also praised Uncensored back in May, again comparing his figures to those of Sky News. "BREAKING: @PiersUncensored beat @SkyNews in the UK ratings last night for the 14th time in our 21 shows so far," he said in the update. "Given that Sky’s been going 33 years & we’ve been going 36 days, that’s not too shabby. Thanks for watching!"