He respected and enacted the wishes of the majority of the public by promising to get Brexit done. Only Boris had the tenacity and boldness to see Brexit through - against the odds. Other politicians dismissed the referendum result, suggesting we weren’t clever enough to understand what we voted for. But the Prime Minister was on the people’s side – and ever since he’s got the big calls right. Like his brave leap with our pharmaceutical sector to develop and secure Covid vaccines, which saved countless lives and kept the British people safe. And his instincts got us out of lockdowns more quickly than most other nations across the globe. It is his inspirational leadership that is getting us through these challenging times. So I say to my colleagues who are critical: you must not bow to the ‘Westminster bubble’ media and Islington ‘champagne socialists’ whose only purpose seems to be to try to depose the most successful Conservative Prime Minister in a generation. Removing Boris Johnson would only serve the interests of Labour and the liberal elite ‘blob’. The time wasting and self-indulgence of changing leader now would not be forgiven by the British people. These are very difficult times, with high global inflation and a brutal and illegal war in Ukraine.  The public want us to focus on what matters. And Boris Johnson has the plan, experience and optimistic boldness to lead our country through these difficulties and into a positive future for the whole of the UK. We are already making so much progress – it would be foolish to throw it away. The Nationality and Borders Act is now actively curbing illegal immigration. The Energy White Paper is accelerating growth and a new industrial revolution, creating jobs and opportunities in places like Grimsby, where I represent. And the Levelling Up White Paper means real regeneration in our town centres - something no Government has done in living memory. The liberal elite ‘blob’ will stop at nothing to prevent all of this - and they know the only way to do that is to target the only person who can truly make it happen. This is the time for towns like Grimsby and hundreds of others across our great country. We have a Prime Minister who believes in us. The opportunity is too important to let it slip from our hands. We need to get behind Boris Johnson 100 per cent. A huge majority of the public voted for his vision of the county. We need to get on with the job. - Lia Nici became the first Conservative to win Great Grimsby since the 1920s in 2019. In February she was appointed Boris Johnson's parliamentary private secretary. 