Chelsea's search for summer reinforcements has seen them reportedly add Wolves star Rayan Ait-Nouri to their transfer wish-list, but Thomas Tuchel has already been warned over the 21-year-old. If the German is to see Ait-Nouri become a success at Stamford Bridge and fulfil his "top player" promise, the versatile left-back must first address his defensive frailties according to current boss Bruno Lage.  The Blues are on the lookout for reinforcements down the left as Marcus Alonso continues his attempts to push through a move to Barcelona. The Spaniard is understood to have informed Chelsea of his intention to leave this summer in order to head back to his homeland and join the La Liga giants. The West Londoners search for his successor has led them to Ait-Nouri, according to the Daily Mail, but it seems signing the youngster carries a risk. Though the French Under-21 international has impressed at Molineux over the past two seasons, he's by no means the finished article - according to his current Wolves boss, anyway. Speaking back in November, Lage continued to pile praise on the left-back, after he had ousted the experienced Marcal from that position. But he also issued the young star with a challenge: address the defensive concerns in order to become a "top player". JUST IN: Tottenham may have secret weapon next year in star who Mourinho rated  "I don't want anyone secure with their position because that's the way the performances go down," Lage said ahead of Wolves' November trip to Selhurst Park to take on fellow Premier League outfit Crystal Palace. "Marcal knows, when he comes, he needs to work hard because Rayan is doing well. "He is doing well because he worked in the shadow during seven games because Marcal was doing well. That's the thing we need every time to improve between our players. "We are happy with him. The quality he has, not just now, but also for the past, the way he plays in an offensive way. We talk with him and we work with him, if he's more consistent and if he wins more defensive duels, he can be a top player." DON'T MISS  It's a warning Tuchel should also now take note of. As Chelsea contemplate making a move for the full-back, the German should approach with caution. If Tuchel is looking to invest in a young player who has the potential to kick on and become a star of the future, Ait-Nouri is his man. However, if the Blues boss is hoping to replace Alonso with a player who will instantly be able to replicate his quality, both offensively and defensively, perhaps the club would be better off looking elsewhere.  Should Alonso depart, Ben Chilwell will likely be Chelsea's only option down the left. Though the England international continues to see his career blighted by injury, the 25-year-old could turn out to be the perfect mentor for Ait-Nouri and the ideal example to follow and learn from. It's now down to Tuchel to determine whether the Wolves left-back will be worth the risk. If he's willing to show his faith in the Frenchman, Chelsea could well have a "top player" on their hands. 