Manchester United are one of the benefactors from Romelu Lukaku's impending return to Inter Milan on loan from Chelsea. The Belgium international has been a monumental flop since his £97million transfer last summer. Chelsea look set to line United's pockets this summer as a result of their disastrous deal to sign Lukaku last summer from Inter Milan. The Blues broke their club record transfer fee to bring in the Belgian for £97million. The idea was to finally sign a reliable goalscorer to lead Thomas Tuchel's men to glory but it has not worked out that way. Eight goals in total in the Premier League and countless problems behind the scenes have seen Chelsea decide to cut ties with Lukaku after just one year. A return to Inter Milan is on the cards in a loan deal worth around £6m - resulting in a loss of £91m - making the transfer one of, if not, the worst deals in history. To make matters even more dismal for the Blues is that one of the benefactors of the move will be United. The Red Devils were owed £47m from Inter Milan last year as a result of selling Lukaku to them back in 2019 when the Serie A side purchased the striker for £73m, as revealed by Express Sport last year. Chelsea's signing of Lukaku last summer helped pay off that total while also adding on an extra amount due to a sell-on clause in the original deal. As the Belgium international prepares to return to the San Siro, Chelsea are yet to pay off their own transfer fee and still owe Inter two further payments after stumping up an initial £30m. With the Italian side utilising Chelsea's transfer fee to hand to United, that is essentially seeing the Blues hand their cash straight to the Red Devils. With plenty of targets in their sights, that is bad news for Todd Boehly in his first summer at Stamford Bridge since taking over from Roman Abramovich. The likes of Richarlison, Ousmane Dembele, Raheem Sterling and Gabriel Jesus have been linked with a move to Chelsea. United are also in the hunt for top players, including Frenkie de Jong, Antony and Jurrien Timber, who will cost a pretty penny. So any cash windfall will be happily accepted - especially if it is from a Premier League rival. Whether Lukaku will return to Chelsea remains to be seen after a breakdown in relationship with Tuchel that saw the 29-year-old benched for the majority of last campaign. However, one slight advantage to the deal is the fact that the Blues will get his £325,000-a-week wages off the books. Inter Milan have accepted to take on his salary, though Lukaku has also accepted to drastically lower his demands to force through a return to Italy. When the deal is confirmed, Chelsea are expected to ramp up their efforts on bringing in new players.