Although the weather is warm and sunny, many are left fighting a stubborn itch and a runny nose. “Latest pollen forecasts are very high for much of England and Wales tomorrow,” said airborne allergens expert and creator of HayMax organic allergen barrier balms, Max Wiseberg. “And with the threat of thunderstorms causing thunder fever, it’s not going to be an easy time for hay fever sufferers over the next day or two.” “The very high pollen forecasts are the result of sunny, very warm or hot weather at the peak of the grass pollen season,” explained Mr Wiseberg. Grass pollen is one of the most common hay fever triggers, with 95 percent of hay fever sufferers being allergic to it. The expert said: “And in amongst this fine weather, thunderstorms are also predicted which can also bring problems for hay fever sufferers – causing what has become known as thunder fever.” While it’s not entirely clear why this occurs, Mr Wiseberg shared some theories as to why this could make your hay fever worse. READ MORE: Dementia: Scientists identify vitamin deficiency that may cause decline - millions at risk He said: “There has been quite a lot of research into this and according to a report in The European Respiratory review, humidity breaks pollen grains into smaller allergenic particles. “So one pollen grain becomes two, which instantly raises the pollen count. “But these new pollen grains also turn into a kind of super pollen which appears to be more allergenic than normal pollen, causing more severe reactions in sufferers. “Storms cause great movements in the air, both bringing pollen grains down which might have otherwise risen above head height out of harm’s way, and whipping up pollen grains near the ground.”  This could see hay fever sufferers struggling with the usual symptoms, ranging from sneezing to headaches. According to the NHS, the main symptoms of hay fever include: To avoid these stubborn signs, Mr Wiseberg recommended preparing a hay fever first aid kit. What’s worse, he added that thunder fever might cause some remedies to be “no longer as effective”. He said: “Conventional, pharmaceutical remedies are generally based on either antihistamines or steroid nasal sprays, whilst natural remedies are based on physical preventative measures, immune boosters or natural antihistamines. “A good combination is a natural prevention, such as an organic allergen barrier balm like HayMax, to reduce the amount of pollen getting in your body, one (and only one) antihistamine, one (and only one) steroid nasal spray and eye drops.” One of the best-known treatments for hay fever are antihistamines – whether they are in the form of pills, drops or sprays. Mr Wiseberg said: “Antihistamine tablets and capsules can relieve most hay fever symptoms – sneezing, itchy, runny eyes, skin irritation, itchy nose and throat – but [they are] less effective for nasal congestion. “Antihistamine nasal sprays can quickly ease itching, sneezing and watering but are generally only proof against mild symptoms. “Steroid nasal sprays and drops reduce inflammation in the nose; they work best for clearing nasal symptoms – itching, sneezing, watering and congestion – and sprays sometimes clear eye symptoms too. “Eye drops may reduce itchy, watering, swollen eyes.” The NHS recommends speaking to your pharmacist about different treatment options.