Darwin Nunez’s former coach David Badia has explained the striker’s game and told Liverpool fans what they can expect from their new £85million signing. Badia was the assistant at Almeria during the majority of the Uruguayan's time in Spain as Nunez scored 16 goals in 30 Segunda Division games. “His physical conditions were completely amazing,” Badia told Sky Sports News. “He is a very tall player, at the same he has amazing pace and can also keep his speed in the long distance, not just the first three-four metres, that was very impressive for me. “Some of the players, they have one or two chances and can score one goal. They are there by luck but he is very clever and he can find the right position in the right moment to have the chance to score. “One hundred per cent, if there’s any league in the world that he can adapt, he can be much better than he is today, it is the Premier League.” Benfica announced that they had agreed a fee with Liverpool in the early hours of Monday morning. In a statement they confirmed that Nunez would join the Reds subject to a medical and personal terms in a deal worth up to £85million, which would be a club record signing for Jurgen Klopp’s side. He is expected to replace Sadio Mane, who continues to be linked with a move to Bayern Munich. Nunez was eased into the team at Almeria, and made his first start for the club in October despite signing from Penarol for £3.7m. "It is a very defensive league with veteran defenders who know everything,” Badia previously told Sky Sports. “They try to push you, they kick you, they are on you all the time. It is difficult. "We had several conversations with him. When he arrived from Uruguay, everything was different. The stadiums, even the pitches are different. The ball goes faster because we water the pitch. It makes for a faster style than in South America. For that reason, he had to adapt to this rhythm. He did it pretty well." Nunez spent just one season in Spain before moving to Benfica, where he scored six goals in his first season in Portugal but then got 26 goals in 28 Primeira Liga games, and six Champions League goals which prompted Liverpool to spend big on the striker. If Nunez does replace Mane at Anfield, he will join an attacking quartet of Mohamed Salah, Luis Diaz, Diogo Jota and Roberto Firmino, and he has been warned by former Manchester City defender Nedum Onouha that he may only play half of Liverpool’s games next season.