Mohamed Salah is reportedly not looking for a long-term contract and would be willing to sign a new two-year deal at Liverpool if they met his wage demands. Salah’s future has been the subject of much speculation this season, but with the campaign now concluded it seems the Egyptian star is ready to compromise to stay in Liverpool.    Salah’s current contract is set to expire in June 2023 and the 2021/22 season has been played out amid a backdrop of rumours about his intentions. His team-mate Sadio Mane, who is of a similar age and has the same length of contract, is poised to leave this summer for Bayern Munich. But, despite continued rumours linking him to Spanish giants Barcelona and Real Madrid, Salah is not ready to follow Mane out of the door. According to The Athletic, Salah will not leave this summer no matter what. He is understood to be committed to Jurgen Klopp’s side for the 2022/23 season and still wants to extend his contract. Salah’s agent Ramy Abbas flew to Miami for face-to-face talks with Fenway Sports Group president Mike Gordon in December, but the two parties could not agree on terms and there have been no talks since. Previous reports have suggested that the problem concerned both the financial aspects and the length of any new deal. JUST IN: Gareth Bale confirms Real Madrid transfer exit in classy statement  However, The Athletic says Salah would be willing to sign a new two-year deal if the terms were right. The forward will turn 30 on June 15 and is more concerned about his importance to the team being valued by Liverpool, rather than the length of any new contract. Salah is already among the top earners at Liverpool, alongside Virgil van Dijk and Thiago Alcantara. He is understood to currently earn around £200,000 per week and was offered a pay rise of 15 per cent by FSG chief Gordon in December, which would equate to £230,000. That would make him the club’s top earner, but is a lot less than some of the biggest stars in world football take home.  DON'T MISS Man Utd transfer target Arnaut Danjuma confirms Liverpool interest Crouch's Liverpool warning shows why Klopp wants to sign 'top boy' Liverpool receive Dembele transfer boost as Reds eye Mane replacement For example, Kevin De Bruyne upped his earnings from £350,00-a-week to around £400,000-a-week by negotiating a new contract with Manchester City in April 2021. Salah’s representatives think the wages he’s seeking at Liverpool would make him the sixth-best-paid footballer in the world – in line with his status in the game. Salah has scored 156 goals in 254 games since a £44million move from Roma in the summer of 2017. He has just concluded his joint best-ever campaign in terms of goals and shared the Premier League’s Golden Boot with Son Heung-min on 23 goals. 