The action begins tomorrow, with further strikes on Thursday and Saturday. A number of events will be impacted, including Glastonbury, Wimbledon and concerts by Elton John and the Rolling Stones, as well as school exams. Avanti West Coast A limited service of around a quarter of the normal timetable will operate, and only between 8am and 6pm. A number of routes will not be served, such as to North Wales, Stoke and Edinburgh. The operator has suspended ticket sales for travel between Tuesday and Sunday to “help reduce disruption and overcrowding”. C2c It will operate fewer than a third of normal services, only between 7.30am and 6.30pm. This will include two trains per hour from London Fenchurch Street to Shoeburyness via Laindon, and the same frequency from London Fenchurch Street to Pitsea via Rainham. No trains will run via Ockendon or Chafford Hundred. Caledonian Sleeper All departures are cancelled between Monday and Friday. Chiltern Railways No trains will run north of Banbury or to Oxford between Tuesday and Saturday. Services will be suspended on “most routes” on strike days due to “extremely limited availability of staff”. CrossCountry A “significantly reduced service” is expected on strike days. East Midlands Railway Services will be reduced between Tuesday and Sunday. Just one train per hour will run in each direction on most routes. Gatwick Express No service on strike days. A Sunday service will run on the days after the strikes, with late starts and early finishes. Grand Central On strike days it will run a “limited service”. Great Northern Very few trains on strike days, with no services east of Ely to King’s Lynn. An amended Sunday service will be in place on the days after strikes. Great Western Railway (GWR) Services will be “severely affected” between Tuesday and Saturday. Timetables for those days have not yet been released. Greater Anglia On strike days the firm will not run any trains on its regional and branch lines. A “very limited service” will operate on some routes to and from London Liverpool Street for part of the day. Heathrow Express A reduced frequency service will be in place, with later first trains and earlier last trains. Hull Trains On strike days, trains will only run between Doncaster and London King’s Cross. London Underground TfL said it expects severe disruption or no service on all Tube lines Tuesday, with no services before 8am on Wednesday. There will also be a reduced service on London Overground and the new Elizabeth line. On Thursday and Saturday, there will be a reduced service. Lumo There will be “some disruption” to services throughout the week. Merseyrail There will be a “significant impact” on services. Northern Passengers are urged “not to travel” between Tuesday and Sunday as services will be suspended “on most routes” during strike days, and there will be a “significant impact” on non-strike days. ScotRail No trains will run north of Glasgow or Edinburgh on strike days. Just two trains per hour will run between the cities via Falkirk. South Western Railway (SWR) A “severely limited service” will run between 7.15am and 6.30pm on strike days, and only on some routes. This includes only four trains per hour between London Waterloo and Woking, two per hour between London Waterloo and Basingstoke, four trains per hour in each direction between Waterloo and Woking, and two trains per hour in each direction between Waterloo and Southampton. Trains will not stop at all stations on these routes, SWR is warning. Southeastern Most stations and routes will be closed on strike days, and a “severely reduced service” will operate elsewhere. Southern Much of the network will be shut down on strike days. Services will run on the Brighton Mainline to London Bridge and London Victoria, with additional trains from Tattenham Corner, Epsom Downs, Sutton and West Croydon, via Crystal Palace. There will be eight services per hour each way between London and Gatwick Airport station. An amended Sunday service will operate after each strike day. Stansted Express A reduced frequency will be in place, with later first trains and earlier last trains. Thameslink There will be far fewer trains than normal on strike days. Services will be split north and south, with nothing running between London St Pancras and London Bridge. There will be eight services per hour each way between London and Gatwick Airport station. An amended Sunday service will operate after each strike day. TransPennine Express There will be a “significant reduction in available services” on strike days. Several stations will be closed, such as Middlesbrough, Scarborough and Selby. There will also be significant disruption on Wednesday and Friday. West Midlands Railway The industrial action will have a “considerable impact on the number of trains” that run on strike days. There will also be a “very limited service” on Wednesday and Friday.