The legendary actor stars in Kingsman: The Golden Circle, which airs tonight on Film 4 at 9pm. Over the years, Firth has appeared as a range of characters in films wildly different, proving his prowess and tenacity in front of the lens.   In Kingsman, he plays Harry Hart, a spy chief who oversees the young Eggsy who has inherited the title of his late mentor When the head of a major drugs cartel takes out most of his fellow agents, Eggsy must confront a new nemesis, and join forces with his American counterparts: the Statesmen. While Firth is best-known for his time on the screen, he has in recent years become more vocal outside of acting. This included in the run-up to and aftermath of the Brexit vote, when he opted to become a dual citizen of Great Britain and Italy — a move, he claimed, that was prompted by Brexit. Firth claimed that his move towards an Italian passport was due to the ever-increasing “uncertainty” in Britain shortly before Brexit was confirmed. READ MORE: Dame Deborah James' fearless efforts as she plans out final days with husband and family  His then wife, film producer and environmental campaigner Livia Giuggioli, is an Italian citizen. Both of their children Luca and Matteo Firth received dual citizenship with both countries. Firth and Giuggioli split in 2019 after 22 years together. The pair married in 1997 and later moved to Italy in the region of Umbria where they welcomed their two sons. Despite his seemingly increasing ties with Italy, Firth maintained his patriotic sense when receiving public backlash for his new dual nationality status.     He said: “I will always be extremely British.” “My wife and I are both extremely proud of our own countries. We feel that we’ve made a gift of that to each other,” he said. “Our children have been dual citizens since the beginning. We never really thought much about our different passports. “But now, with some of the uncertainty around, we thought it sensible that we should all get the same. “Britain is our home and we love it here.”  He added that in his profession, where many find themselves moving to the US for business, he had explicitly chosen to remain in the UK, further proving his patriotic sense for the country. Firth said that the move had nothing to do with the UK itself but purely because of the Brexit vote. He previously argued that an EU exit would be a “disaster of unexpected proportions”. Speaking to an Australian publication he noted: “Brexit does not have a single positive aspect for me. “Many colleagues, including Emma Thompson, are – like me – enthusiastic Europeans. And we still cannot believe it."  Despite this, Firth’s decision was not well received by the British public. TalkSPORT journalist Mike Graham challenged the actor’s choice in country, and potential hypocritical nature. He said: “He’s very welcome to do it, but I have to say becoming an Italian citizen – does he have any idea how Italy is run? “Italy is not exactly the best-run country in the entire world. The idea he’s now got a citizenship with Italy is extraordinary. “I find it absolutely extraordinary.” Colin Firth resumes his role as Harry Hart in Kingsman: The Golden Circle tonight at 9pm on Film 4.