Lara Lewington, 43, sparked concern amongst her followers yesterday as she posted a picture of her "stitched up" face after having an accident on an electric scooter. Martin Lewis' wife made sure the accident didn't get in the way of her Platinum Jubilee celebrations as she partied on the 2000's bus alongside a group of A-listers. The BBC presenter posted several happy updates today in view of her 26,500 Instagram followers from the double-decker bus. Martin Lewis, Sir Cliff Richard, Gary Lineker, Dame Shirley Bassey and Idris Elba were among the 150 celebrities who travelled in double-decker buses to pay homage to the Queen's final day of her Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The happy couple were joined on their bus by the likes of Gok Wan, Dragons Den's Deborah Meaden, Mo Farah and Brian Conley. Lara posted pictures of the celebrities from the bus, including a repost of Gok Wan's selfie of the whole bus crew. READ MORE: Lara Lewington sparks concern with 'stitched up' face snap She captioned the story: "Hiding behind a flag, but the 2000s Jubilee bus ride... and off we go." Lara also posted a selfie with Gok Wan who was the DJ for their double-decker bus. This comes after Lara sparked concern as she shared a selfie yesterday with large red cuts on her head, lip and nose. She captioned the photo in view of her 52,700 Twitter followers: "As an extremely clumsy person, always wobbly on two wheels, the electric scooter ride was never going to be a good idea. "After being cleaned up and stitched up, six days later I’m healing well, and I'm grateful it wasn’t worse. Back on @BBCClick & @PackedLunchC4 this week, cuts ‘n all!" (sic) Many social media users and friends alike rushed to the comments to wish the star well and offer their support. Steph McGovern said: "Hope you're ok!" She shared this along with a shocked face emoji, after being left stunned by the accident. DON'T MISS... Dan Walker makes jibe at Rod Stewart's 'baffling' Jubilee performance [COMMENT] Piers Morgan's fresh jibe to Gary Lineker at Platinum Jubilee [OPINION] Patriotic Kate Moss, 48, wears Union Jack ensemble for Jubilee [PICS] Meanwhile, Martin admitted that the happy couple did not know they were going to be part of a National Treasure bus today. On Twitter, Martin typed: "It's Jubilee day. Ridiculously I've been asked to go on a 'National Treasure' bus. "So we're on our way, union flags in the bag ready to wave. "I've been placed on the 2000s bus. No idea why but Mrs MSE and I are planning to suck in every moment," he added. Lara has been married to Martin Lewis since 2009 and the couple share one daughter together. The pair keep their love life quite private, with Martin giving an insight into their relationship with a throwback picture last April. Martin shared a sweet picture of the pair as he thanked his wife for her support during lockdown. He wrote: "Two years ago today. Lockdown with Mrs MSE... kindly, brilliantly and dedicatedly acting as producer/floor manager when I had to do my ITV show from home. "She was so professional, stopping her work at 2pm on a Thur, to dedicate the rest of the time to my show. I'm very lucky."