The Queen’s embattled son, Prince Andrew, appears to have been blocked from attending the public events at the Order of the Garter ceremony in Windsor on Monday, with reports claiming Prince William and Prince Charles intervened. The Duke of York was originally due to make a public appearance but his attendance was restricted to the private lunch and ceremony inside the castle. And on Tuesday, the Telegraph reported that Andrew has now asked the Queen to be reinstated as Colonel of the Grenadier Guards as part of the push to return to royal duties. The Duke has allegedly been lobbying his mother to restore his status as an HRH, allowing him to attend official events again. A source told the Telegraph: “The colonelcy of the Grenadier Guards was his most coveted title and he wants it back. Having remained a Counsellor of State, he also believes he should be included at royal and state events. “Most importantly for him is his status as an HRH and ‘Prince of the Blood’ and he feels that should be reinstated and his position recognised and respected.” Joe Little, managing editor of Majesty Magazine, said the events of Garter Day may cause Andrew to reassess his future in the Royal Family. When asked about the move to remove Andrew from public view, he said: “I think the decision they’ve made is a sensible one, I think they’re fully aware of the public’s opinion of the Duke of York’s conduct and that this is very much a damage limitation exercise on behalf of senior members of his family.” The Queen showed her support for Andrew by allowing him to escort her to the Duke of Edinburgh’s memorial service in March. He was forced to pull out of the Platinum Jubilee thanksgiving service at St Paul’s Cathedral earlier this month after reportedly testing positive for COVID-19. Andrew stepped back from royal duties and his public life in November 2019 following sexual assault accusations and a subsequent disastrous Newsnight interview. His military titles and royal patronages were returned to the Queen in January in the face of the legal charge brought by Virginia Giuffre, who was trafficked by the late Jeffrey Epstein. The Queen’s second son settled the civil sexual assault case outside of court to an undisclosed sum, but has always vehemently denied any allegations of wrongdoing. So what do YOU think? Should Prince Andrew have his royal status reinstated? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.