Valve's handheld Steam Deck PC is a fantastic piece of kit, providing a triple-A gaming experience in a bite-sized form factor (assuming you've got a big gob). Unfortunately, however, the Steam Deck has been incredibly hard to come by since launch, much like the PS5 (and to a lesser extent the Xbox Series X). If you're a UK customer looking to get your hands on a Steam Deck, then read on for the latest stock updates. If you want to purchase a brand new Steam Deck from Valve, then you need to visit the Steam store, login to your account and pre-order a unit. There are three options to choose from, beginning with the 64GB version with a carry case for £349. Alternatively, you can spend £459 to pre-order a 256 GB version with SSD drive and carry case, or pay £569 for a 512GB Steam Deck with SSD, carry case, and a selection of bonus profile items. You'll need to pay a £4 deposit to secure a unit, with the remaining balance to be paid after you receive an email to confirm that your Steam Deck is in stock. Current pre-orders are expected to ship in October or later, so you'd better put down a deposit now if you want one in time for Christmas. Judging by recent comments, there's a chance you may receive your unit earlier than expected, as Valve doubles down on Steam Deck production. That's according to a recent Valve post on Twitter: "Production has picked up, and after today we’ll be shipping more than double the number of Steam Decks every week!" Valve employee Lawrence Yang confirmed the news in a follow-up tweet: "In previous weeks we were shipping x units / week to customers, starting this week we'll be shipping 2x units / week." If you don't fancy waiting until October to get your hands on a Steam Deck, then you'll have to pay over the odds to pick up a unit. Various Steam Deck models are available at CEX and on eBay, although they don't come cheap. CEX is selling the 64GB model for a whopping £700, while the 512GB version costs a staggering £1,000. You can get the 64GB device for £600, just not in pristine condition. eBay listings are a little more unpredictable, with models starting at £460. Needless to say, if you are buying from eBay you need to check the listing carefully, and read up on seller reviews.