Obi-Wan Kenobi is almost over with just one more episode left to be released on the streaming service Disney+. Episode five saw yet another fierce battle take place with Darth Vader (played by Hayden Christensen) but this time it was against the show's resident villain Reva Sevander (Moses Ingram). As well as the dramatic fight, the episode revealed more of Reva's backstory, explaining why she became an Imperial Inquisitor, dedicating her life to hunting Jedis. WARNING: This article contains major spoilers from Obi-Wan Kenobi.Episode five begins with Reva, The Third Sister, being knighted as the new Grand Inquisitor which leads to a flashback moment. Reva managed to escape the Order 66 massacre as a child by pretending to be dead when Anakin Skywalker invaded her school. She was actually a Jedi in training at the time of meeting Darth Vader and swore her revenge and so joined the Dark Side to try and take him down from the inside. Reva pretended to be evil so she could find the right moment to attack but it didn't go according to plan. READ MORE: ‘Was very demanding’ Virgin River’s Doc star on 'exhausting' role She initiates a duel with Darth Vader, unleashing her double lightsaber but she was no match for him. Her weapon is snapped in two and he manages to spear a blade through her chest. As she is lying there helpless on the floor, Vader reveals he knew who she was the entire time. It is then discovered the original Grand Inquisitor (Rupert Friend) is not really dead, despite supposedly being killed off in the first episode. He states: "Revenge does wonders for the will to live," leaving fans wondering how he survived and if he was now on the Dark Side. Things are not looking great for Reva as she was left severely injured after her duel with Vader. However, all hope is not lost as the original Grand Inquisitor survived a similar attack which means it is possible for her to recover. The way the episode was left on a cliffhanger does also indicate that her fate is not sealed just yet. A further point that could prove it's not the end of Reva is the actress' IMDb page. DON'T MISS...Star Wars LEAK ‘Obi-Wan Kenobi movie to shoot in Northern Ireland’ [FILMING]The Kardashians season 2: Will there be another series? [UPDATE]How many episodes are in Ms Marvel on Disney Plus? [EXPLAINER] Actress Moses Ingram is behind Reva Sevander, who previously starred as Jolene in Netflix's The Queen's Gambit. According to her profile, Ingram will star in all six episodes of Obi-Wan Kenobi which means we haven't seen the last of her. So how will she survive that attack and is she going to continue fighting to get her revenge? Sadly, Obi-Wan Kenobi's first series is nearing its end with just one more episode left to go. The grand finale of the Disney+ series will premiere on Wednesday, June 22. There has been no talk of a second outing coming out on the streaming service. However, according to The Direct, a second series is in development but fans are just going to have to wait and see if this is the case. Obi-Wan Kenobi airs every Wednesday on Disney+.