BBC Breakfast reporters Naga Munchetty and Ashley John-Baptiste were outside Buckingham Palace on Thursday eagerly anticipating the morning’s Trooping of the Colour Parade. Unfortunately, their coverage was sidelined somewhat when Naga made a quick request for some water while Ashley spoke to Royal fans on the Mall. BBC presenter Naga had to ask for a glass of water after chatting to royal historian Kate Williams outside the Palace. “Crowds were gathering outside Buckingham Palace and down the Mall since yesterday - some even camped out overnight to secure their view of the parade,” she explained. After building up the celebratory atmosphere of the morning, Naga cut over Ashley’s introduction to make the request. “Please can I have a glass of water?” she asked as Ashley opened his interviews with the crowd. READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show Naga may have forgotten to switch off her own microphone to make the request, but thankfully her co-presenter was able to move swiftly on. Ashley proceeded to chat to fans who had been waiting hours for the Jubilee celebrations to begin outside Buckingham Palace. Some attendees had come all the way from Calgary in Canada to celebrate the Queen’s 70 years on the throne. One supporter said: “For me it means loyalty, it means a way to say thank you. “For her consistency, for her to always be here for us. She took on something as a young girl, and she hasn’t stopped doing what we expected of her and what was expected of her. “And I think it’s important that we’re here to say thank you, and to soak in the atmosphere and to become one happy family!” And a fan from Melbourne, Australia said: “This is a dream come true, obviously with the pandemic I didn’t think I’d get here. “I’m just looking forward to seeing it all and being a part of it. We don’t have this in Australia." DON'T MISS:NCIS season 20 theory: Torres commits murder in ‘dark’ clue [THEORY]Stranger Things' Jonathan Byers star hits back at lack of screen time [INTERVIEW]Conversations With Friends made major change to sex scene [INSIGHT] “And to be here and to recognise, give my respects - that’s what I’m looking forward to. “Seeing her and to acknowledge her and what she’s done.” Despite the exuberant atmosphere outside the Palace, some BBC viewers couldn’t help being distracted by Naga’s microphone blunder. On Twitter, @monty8391 joked: “Naga needs water to wash down her morning toast.” @Disgustington69 cracked: “I hope Naga Munchetty gets sent 500,000 cups of water.” While distracted viewer @stryder444 wrote: “I hope Naga gets her drink of water.” “Water... water for Naga NOW!” @DSRichard81 exclaimed. And @UKMarkLeeds chimed in: “Absolutely Naga, you can have a drink of water. Would you like a biscuit too?” The Jubilee will kick off with Trooping the Colour at 10am before the lighting of the beacons on Thursday, and finish with the Platinum Jubilee Pageant at 2.30pm on Sunday. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.