Many will hope to clear their mortgage before they retire, as their income is likely to be less. However, new research has highlighted how millions of people are reaching retirement age with outstanding mortgage debt. The LV= Wealth and Wellbeing Monitor showed 12 percent of retirees having remaining mortgage debt when they left the workforce. The average amount to pay off at retirement was found to be £43,000. However, some 19 percent of those asked said they had debts of more than £100,000 to reckon with in later life. For those who have not yet stopped working, fears about impending retirement and mortgages are stark. READ MORE: Pensioners ‘at risk’ of cold homes as energy costs soar A third of mortgage holders asked said they do not think they will have paid their mortgage by the age of 65. Some nine percent said they are not sure they will ever be able to pay off their debts. Certain individuals are considering continuing work or using their pension just to make ends meet. Clive Bolton, Managing Director of Protection, Savings and Retirement at LV=, said: “The study highlights how for millions of people the dream of a mortgage–free retirement is over. DON'T MISSHow you could become an asset ‘millionaire’ using your ISA [EXCLUSIVE]State pensioners warned ‘do not ignore letters’ as payment change due [UPDATE]Retirement and me: Postmistress, 92, continues to work and enjoys it [INSIGHT] “The huge rise in house prices – and accompanying longer mortgage terms - mean millions of people will go past their retirement age with large mortgages to pay. “Retirement is a major life change for people. “The switch from bringing in a regular income to living off pensions and savings for the rest of your life can put a strain on finances. “A mortgage is often a household’s largest monthly bill and LV=’s research shows that millions of people already worry about running out of money in retirement.” Mr Bolton also expressed concerns about rising interest rates and the impact they could have on mortgages. It could mean people are spending longer paying off their mortgage, which could eat significantly into their retirement. Furthermore, a large mortgage could also mean people draw down more money from their pension savings. This could be at an unsustainable rate, and therefore create other financial issues in later life. However, there are some options at a person’s disposal when it comes to paying off their mortgage. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Mr Bolton continued: “Selling your home and moving to a smaller property is one of the simplest choices. “But some people use the 25 percent tax-free cash to pay off or reduce their mortgage. “Others will consider a lifetime mortgage if the outstanding balance is small enough.” Many of these options can be financially complicated, it is worth noting. A lifetime mortgage, for instance, may not suit everyone as it means repayments are due when a person moves into long-term care or passes away. As such, Mr Bolton recommends consulting a financial adviser for any major decisions. These professionals can often offer tailored advice to assist Britons in their decision-making process.