Laura Pidcock has been accused of being a “typical lefty killjoy” after she attacked “unadulterated, unaccountable wealth, privilege, power and exploitation" in reference to the Platinum Jubilee celebrations to mark the Queen’s 70-year reign. Referencing the cost of living crisis, the former MP for North West Durham posted on Twitter: "I just feel like there is a real grossness to the state-driven Jubilee celebration fanfare. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** “People are skint, getting so much more skint & full of worry & we are supposed to go out & celebrate 70 years of unadulterated, unaccountable wealth, privilege, power & exploitation? Nah." But Express.co.uk readers vented their frustrations and accused the Labour Party of being “miserable” and a “joyless socialist nag”. Others pointed out the Queen’s decades of service to the United Kingdom. Jonty111 posted: “Typical lefty killjoy! Wonderful that this gracious lady has been our head of state for 70 years. Long may she reign.” SallyAnne posted: “ Ms Pidcock needs to read her history books, history is been made this year, our Queen is the longest Monarch to reign over us and the longest living Monarch ever in the whole world. “After 2 years of lockdowns we all need to go out, mix and enjoy ourselves and show our support, best thing that could happen to our country.” Dynamo David said: “Lefties are a miserable lot.” An Express reader added: “Another joyless socialist nag, another reason to never vote Labour.” gibbolincs commented: “ Your former constituents didn't want to listen to you so why would anyone else ? The Queen has done more good for this country in a day than dear old Laura could do in a lifetime.”  READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'going to have tough week' Uninspired added: “The woke mob at their best again, the Queen has spent all her adult life at service to this country. I am so sick of this toxic Labour Party that support anyone but the British public.” Bluemark wrote: “The left hate it that the Queen is loved and respected more than all of them put together.” StephenBrown said: “Unlike the leftie X Labour MP. Our wonderful Queen has spent 70 Laborious years representing our country all around the world.” Others accused the Left of “hating anything British”. RoseyChipplethwaite said: “Patriotism is Unity, which is what the left despise the most. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle's Jubilee stint slammed by GB News guest [VIDEO]Platinum Jubilee traffic chaos to start today [INFO]Zara and Mike Tindall's children tipped for special Jubilee appearance [INSIGHT] Another added: “Typical labour hate anything British.” Meanwhile, some Express.co.uk readers argued the Jubilee celebrations would generate cash and boost the UK economy at a time when it is facing a cost of living crisis. Jonnorfolk posted: “ Just shows how this Ex-MP doesn't understand economics the Queen's Jubilee will generate so much of a boost to the economy it makes the cost of holding the Jubilee tiny , No wonder she was a Labour MP.... “Plus the good that comes out of a royal celebration which pulls the country together ... “GOD BLESS THE QUEEN ....And LONG LIVE THE QUEEN” Krugermum added: “ People were much more skint and had endured much more suffering from rationing, injury and death during and after WWII, yet they turned out in their millions to cheer their new queen, throughout the country, with street parties, bunting etc. “People need to have something to celebrate! These labour and republican idiots would have us all living in a grey world!” The nation will pay tribute to the Queen's 70 years as sovereign during the Platinum Jubilee weekend starting from tomorrow (Thursday). Millions across the country are set to take to the streets for parties and Big Jubilee Lunches this weekend in honour of the nation's longest-reigning monarch. It is the first time in history Britain has celebrated a royal Platinum Jubilee.Patriotic tributes to the Queen around the UK include a life-size woollen knitted monarch plus corgi made by Holmes Chapel Community Yarn Bombers in Cheshire, and a 5ft 3in Victoria sponge cake in the shape of the sovereign by social media star Lara Mason.  The commemorations kick start with the traditional Trooping the Colour military spectacle on Thursday, involving more than 1,500 officers and soldiers and 350 horses from the Household Division. But the Queen's attendance is only likely to be confirmed on the morning, with royal fans hoping to see her appear on the balcony with her family for a special flypast, and possibly even review the troops. In the evening, more than 3,000 beacons will be set ablaze across the UK and the Commonwealth in tribute to the Queen, with the principal Tree of Trees beacon illuminated outside the Palace. There will be no ceremonial journey to the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral for the Queen on Friday June 3, and the monarch, if she attends, will use a different entrance rather than scaling the steep steps.