Everton could be poised for a surprise £24million cash injection as Juventus want to make Moise Kean’s two-year loan deal permanent a summer early, according to reports in the Italian media. Kean was a big-money signing by the Toffees in 2018, but struggled to make an impact on Merseyside. After scoring just four goals in 39 appearances for Everton, Kean was allowed to leave on loan to former club Juve last summer. The two clubs agreed a two-year deal that would be made permanent for around £24m (€28m). However, the Serie A club are apparently keen to make that deal permanent a year early. Italian publication Gazzetta dello Sport claim that Juve want to buy Kean so that they can sell him on. It will provide Everton with a welcome cash boost as they look to revamp their squad under Frank Lampard and, with this in mind, Express Sport looks at who the additional funds can be spent on as the Toffees look to get back to better times. JUST IN: West Ham spark Rice transfer panic as Man Utd and Chelsea sniff around Harry Winks Tottenham outcast Harry Winks has been linked with a move to Goodison Park. The Daily Telegraph reports that the 26-year-old is a top target in Lampard’s rebuild plans. Winks featured just 24 times after Antonio Conte was appointed as Spurs boss last November. He started in just nine Premier League games across the entire campaign. Winks would add quality to Everton’s midfield and regular game time could help him force his way back into the England reckoning. He has 10 Three Lions caps but the last came two years ago. DON'T MISS...Newcastle 'to make formal Calvert-Lewin bid' but give up on strikerArsenal chief Edu tipped to 'use connections' for first summer dealEverton £17m target 'very popular' with Toffees transfer officials Steven Bergwijn Winger Steven Bergwijn is another star who has found regular minutes hard to find at Spurs since Conte’s arrival. He started just four top-flight fixtures, with the last coming against Chelsea in January. Bergwijn last week revealed he intends to leave the North London outfit, saying while on international duty: “I barely got to play this season but here at the National Team the manager is giving me the confidence. I will join the club that’s the best option for me.” The Daily Mail have claimed that Everton hold an interest in the 24-year-old, with Dutch side Ajax also keeping tabs on his situation. Conor Gallagher Lampard could use his Chelsea links to lure England star Conor Gallagher to Goodison Park. The 22-year-old enjoyed a wonderful loan spell at Crystal Palace last season, but it is unclear where he fits into Thomas Tuchel’s plans at Stamford Bridge. Gallagher would fit into Lampard’s high-energy style and would add goals from midfield. He managed eight strikes for the Eagles across last term, including netting a brace against Everton. Chelsea would demand a huge fee for Gallagher if they sanction a permanent transfer, with a loan likelier. Keane Lewis-Potter A more left-field suggestion would be for Everton to target Hull City youngster Keane Lewis-Potter. The 21-year-old winger has emerged as one of the most exciting prospects in the Championship. Everton are believed to be interested in Lewis-Potter, who scored 12 league goals last term and broke into the England U21 squad. The Toffees lacked quality out wide last term, especially after Damarai Gray’s early good form deteriorated. Anthony Gordon was the only player capable of injecting some pace into Lampard’s side.