Astrologer Marissa Malik, who believes in astrology "to find the perfect place to call home", commented: “We’re seeing more and more people look to astrology for guidance in making big life decisions. Whether it be switching jobs or finding love, all of us are looking for answers in an uncertain world, so why should renting be any different? I hope that these horoscopes will give renters the confidence to make that big lifestyle change and feel happy to have found their place in the world.” Aries crave excitement and adventure, with a dash of danger. For them, a home must be situated on the edge of something thrilling, while the home itself doesn't have to contain chaos. The earth signs are known for being friendly, reliable, and lovers of great music. Taurus' are purveyors of luxury and joy, and crave stability in a home more than most signs. Geminis' curious and forever-changing nature will often lead them far and wide across the world. A naturally academic sign, Geminis need cultural stimulation and new experiences in the place they call home.  READ MORE: Best way to store bananas - perfectly yellow and edible for 15 days Cancers love cosy, nestled spaces and gentle environments. The home to them is everything and must provide them with all of the tools to allow for a quiet retreat, while also showing the people who visit them a great time. Leos love feeling loved and admired. The fierce fire signs exude a vitality that makes sleepier folks envy their outgoing drive. Their home has to be compatible with social activity and entertainment. Virgos serve hermit energy in the best way. The earth signs know their boundaries and aren't afraid to articulate them. They spend copious amounts of time alone, and rarely experience boredom. Virgos need nature, simplicity, and quiet.  Libras appreciate design and interiors. They may be indecisive at times, but always ground themselves in having a strong connection to what they value materially in a space. Scorpios are fiercely protective of their space. It's to do with their inherent need for people to respect their privacy. These water signs are the broody artists of the zodiac who experience their emotions on loud, but would rather not show it.  Those under the star sign are philosophers of the zodiac whose drive to discover more about the world pulls them through life. So when it comes to settling down, they have to be impressed with the setting they're settling for. Capricorns are always looking for efficient solutions. Whether it comes to making practical purchases or finding a balanced way to fulfil their needs, these qualities make them great hosts and even better workers. Aquarius: Glastonbury, England Aries: Liverpool, England Cancer: Brighton, England Capricorn: Margate, England Gemini: York, England Leo: London, England Libra: Bath, England Pisces: Penzance, England Sagittarius: Bristol, England Scorpio: Edinburgh, Scotland Taurus: Manchester, England Virgo: Exeter, England