With the cost of living crisis worsening, many homeowners are buckling under the weight of their repayments and the interest hike could be the final nail in the coffin for many. Recent data showcased almost half of homebuyers dread not having enough to cover the bills, with 31 percent of Britons struggling to keep up with their financial commitments. Online mortgage broker Trussle noted that this rise, combined with the four previous rises could see mortgage bills increasing by £1,667.16 annually. The Bank of England met for a fifth time today and the 0.25 rise was voted by a majority of 6-3, while those in the minority noted they would have preferred a 0.5 percent hike. As a form of control over the spiralling inflation rate, the BoE has increased the base rate by 0.25 base points, making the current rate 1.25 percent. This is one of the highest rates for over a decade. This could see savers receiving better offers and products, although as seen with past rises this could take a while to feed through to them. What will likely happen far sooner is banks passing on the rise to their mortgage customers, increasing and changing their payments if they are not on a fixed mortgage. READ MORE: Martin Lewis shares the 'best thing' to do with inheritance money  Experts have warned this could lead to a stampede of homeowners trying to remortgage, with the last base rate rise seeing a 43 percent year-on-year remortgaging cases in May. Chief commercial and growth office ast Smoove, Simon McCulloch, shared: “Whilst the rates continue to rise, we should expect a busy time ahead for mortgage brokers and the legal profession as individuals look to refinancing.” Martin Lewis took to Twitter to advise savers and homeowners alike on what to expect from the rise. He noted: “Variable rate mortgages will typically be £12/month per £100,000 more. “Fixed rate mortgages won't change till fix ends, then new rate likely higher.”   Research from Moneyfarm revealed 31 percent of Britons have struggled, or even failed, to meet a financial commitment in the last six months. Approximately 70 percent of the UK currently has some form of debt, with 40 percent of the population running out of money before their next paycheque. Karen Noye, mortgage expert at Quilter, noted this could just be the start of a “difficult period”. She said: “People are already struggling due to the cost-of-living crisis and an increase in interest rates, and as a result mortgage rates, compounds the situation. Fortunately, the large majority of borrowers are on fixed rate deals so at least in the short term, they won’t see a change. However, when those deals come to an end a severe shock could be in store. Those on variable or tracker mortgages will already see their monthly payments increase. “After today’s rise to 1.25 percent, someone with a mortgage worth £250,000 over 25 years would pay a monthly payment of roughly £970.”  She also added that “further rate hikes” are not “out of the question” warning that the housing market in general could be battered. Ms Noye concluded: “Once again, the biggest losers are first time buyers. “They face a steep uphill battle to get on the housing ladder having to contend with rising interest rates, which make mortgages less affordable, inflation eating away at their deposits and the rest of the cost-of-living pressures.” Richard Flax, CIO at Moneyfarm said the increase is more “conservative” than some expected, likely due to the risk of a recession, especially as they expect 11 percent inflation rate in October. Janet Mui, head of market analysis at Brewin Dolphin, shared: “The immediate impact of this hike is still limited but will certainly add incremental financial pain to people with floating-rate mortgages or who are getting close to the time for refinancing.  “Around 20 percent of the stock of mortgages by value have a floating interest rate. Interest rates on these mortgages tend to change one-for-one with Bank Rate so they will be most affected by today’s hike. “Quoted rates on mortgages have increased across the board and are likely to continue moving higher given BOE’s guidance of more rate hikes, so when homeowners come to re-finance some will find the terms to be less advantageous.” While Paul Coss, co-founder and chief customer officer at Haysto, noted the extreme level of difficulty first-time buyers face when trying to get on the property ladder. He added: “It's become incredibly difficult to get onto the property ladder, with savers being rewarded whilst borrowers left to feel the impact of the economic crisis. With the cost-of-living crisis impacting household savings, it's definitely more challenging to get onto the property ladder but not impossible. “The Government has been providing fiscal support and may need to further intervene, but this will need to be repaid at some stage but the priority has to be today's problems."