Damon Hill has said Nelson Piquet’s racist comments about Lewis Hamilton are “beyond the pale” and stressed the Brazilian “would not be welcome” if he turned up in the F1 paddock again. Piquet has come in for criticism over an interview he did in November which has resurfaced. The former Williams driver used a racially offensive term to refer to Hamilton while talking about his Silverstone crash with Max Verstappen last season. The FIA has condemned the comments but the Press Association claims F1 bosses are now considering banning his paddock access. When asked his views on whether the three-time champion should be banned, Hill told Express Sport: “I don’t think he would be very welcome if he did turn up. “I've always felt Nelson was a bit of an acquired taste and I didn't really acquire the taste. But this is beyond the pale now. “Even allowing for possible misunderstandings in the difference of languages between the Brazilian term and here, certainly it’s something that demands an apology. I'm not sure what sort of apology would be sufficient. READ MORE: Mercedes make comment on Lewis Hamilton racist attack “It's very sad really, Poor Lewis for having to put up with all this constantly and it’s blighted his experience of being a Formula 1 driver perhaps more than we will ever understand. We just wish the world was full of nice people really.” Hamilton has responded to Piquet’s remarks, claiming these “archaic mindsets need to change”. He also stressed the “time has come for action” after admitting he has faced similar attitudes throughout his entire life. Formula One tweeted their disgust on Tuesday, posting that “discriminatory or racist language is unacceptable in any form and has no part in society”. However, Hill insisted that F1 must do more to drive home their message and ensure such issues are thoroughly stamped out. DON'T MISSChristian Horner makes 'short memories' Mercedes comment [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton: FIA react to racist slur by Nelson Piquet [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton and Russell to benefit from ‘smooth’ British GP track [ANALYSIS] Hill added: “We have to be sure the sport is not just nodding in the direction of political correctness. It has to be absolutely clear. For a long time, I've wished the sport upheld and made it abundantly clear to uphold certain values but the argument against that was that they couldn’t be political… But this is not politics, this is decent human values. “I think we’ve always been slightly on the back foot when it comes to this issue.”