Liverpool have announced the signing of Uruguay striker Darwin Nunez, who has joined the Reds from Benfica after putting pen-to-paper on a six-year contract. And the 22-year-old has named the three things that surprised him when he arrived on Merseyside. “When I arrived at the training ground, I was really surprised to see the set-up and the structure and all the trophies here,” Nunez revealed in his first interview since signing for his new club. “You can then imagine yourself winning more trophies and then later on when you come here again and see the trophies on display, you can say, ‘look, I was a part of that - I was there at that time, winning trophies.’ “That’s one of the reasons why I came here to Liverpool - to win trophies and titles. I want to win a lot of trophies at Liverpool.” Liverpool have shelled out an initial £64million to prise Nunez away from Portugal following a stellar campaign where he bagged an incredible 34 goals. And Reds boss Jurgen Klopp will be hoping the player can fire his side to Premier League success after they missed out on the title by just one point last season. READ MORE: Liverpool's third summer transfer 'close' as Reds to unveil two stars    Nunez came up against his new employers twice during the last campaign as Benfica met the Reds in the Champions League quarter-finals. Klopp’s team ultimately had too much for their Portuguese rivals as they ran-out 6-4 winners on aggregate. But Nunez scored in both legs of the showdown as he was later extolled by Klopp. And the German clearly liked what he saw as he thrashed out a deal to bring the star to England. “I’m really happy and delighted to be here at Liverpool - it’s a massive club,” Nunez added. “I’d like to thank my partner and my parents and my son, who is a real source of pride for me. They’ve been really important to me in the stages in my career. I’m really proud of them, and for the work we do, me and my partner, as a team and I’m grateful to her that I’m here. DON'T MISS...Raphinha saga complicated as potential Leeds target suffers injuryArsenal told to sign ‘finished article’ striker in mould of AubameyangArsenal transfer confusion as Dusan Vlahovic explains his side of bid      “It’s a pleasure to be here in Liverpool and I’m very happy to be a part of this great club. I’ve played against Liverpool and I’ve seen them in lots of games in the Champions League, and it’s my style of play. There are some great players here and I think it’s going to suit my style of play here. “As I say, I’ve watched quite a lot and it’s a very big club and I hope I can give everything that I’ve got in order to help the team.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 