Liverpool need to keep a club icon's warning about Fabio Carvalho's contribution for next season after Harvey Elliott admitted he is "very excited" to link back up with him. Carvalho will join the Reds this summer after they confirmed a deal with Fulham, replicating their move for Elliott three years ago. Elliott enjoyed a breakthrough season in the campaign just gone, becoming a regular feature in Jurgen Klopp's side. And he has now revealed that he thinks Carvalho can follow him down that same path. "He was my favourite player to play with as a youngster to be honest at Fulham. Me and him had a great connection, on the pitch as well as off the pitch and I will definitely look after him when he arrives. But to be honest, I don't even think I will have to do that, he will just fit in perfectly with the rest of the squad," Elliott told the Liverpool Echo. "He's got everything in him, every attribute you can think of, and that's why Liverpool have signed him. So I am very excited to see what he can bring to this team as well as all the fans and I am sure he will show them very quickly. So I am just very excited to see him again after three years or so and I am just very excited to share the pitch with him again." READ MORE: Man Utd transfer target Arnaut Danjuma confirms Liverpool interest While Elliott may be excited to see Carvalho arrive at Anfield, the Reds would do well to keep in mind a warning from former star Danny Murphy. The one-time FA Cup winner believes that Liverpool's new signing will need at least two years to bed in at Anfield before truly showing his talent. “He's a really good young talent, but he isn't going to get into the XI as it stands now. So, we'd be seeing glimpses of him like we do with Harvey Elliott and Curtis Jones. Is he better than those two? We'll have to wait and see on that one, but I'm all for bringing in young talent and integrating it into the squad," Murphy told the Liverpool Echo last month. DON'T MISS: Liverpool receive Dembele transfer boost as Reds eye Mane replacement (TRANSFERS)Liverpool told the three signings they need as Munich close in on Mane (INSIGHT)Dani Carvajal says Champions League ‘tainted’ by Liverpool fan chaos (NEWS) “At the moment it's unlikely you can see anyone getting themselves into that side ahead of Diaz, Mane and Salah. Obviously, they think highly of him, and I've seen him enough to know he's a super talent, but I think he needs a couple of years learning at the top level before you could think of him breaking into a Liverpool XI.” Murphy won Liverpool's player of the year award in 2003 so is clearly aware of the difficulties Carvalho may face. The 19-year-old starred for Fulham as they won the Championship, but as Murphy said, Liverpool will need to be patient as he transitions into playing for a team challenging for major titles.