Kate Garraway, 54, has been very open about adapting to her new life since her husband Derek Draper, 54, was diagnosed with Covid in March 2020. The couple have had to adjust to a new way of loving each other, which Kate has spoken about in a new interview. The Good Morning Britain star documented her family’s ordeal in her most recent documentary, Caring for Derek. Derek was diagnosed with Covid in March 2020 and stayed hospitalised in a critical condition until a year later. He even travelled to Mexico to undergo cutting-edge medical treatment at a specialist clinic. Kate spoke in a recent interview about how her love for her husband has changed due to this new chapter in their lives. READ MORE: Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux She admitted: "When you nearly lose someone, it certainly brings everything into sharp focus. "In many ways, we’re still learning how we are as man and wife, as so much has changed. "It’s the same for the children – they’re having to relearn the experience of being with their dad. And, of course, the biggest learning is for poor Derek", Kate told Good Housekeeping Magazine. The mother-of-two has also previously opened up about how "lonely" she can feel while caring for her husband. She said: "It’s like there’s both grief and hope in the same moment. "There are flashes of the old Derek and then he disappears again, and you’re left just feeling really lonely. "Derek dreams about the ‘before’, and every morning it’s just so, so awful seeing him wake up, and the realisation of where he is. "There’s a kind of heartbreak in his eyes, every single morning. You can just see it", Kate told The Sun. DON'T MISS... Adil Ray vocalises backs Lewis Hamilton after Piquet's racist remark [OPINION] Dan Walker sets record straight on being ‘shackled at the BBC’ [COMMENT] Megan Fox unveils new blonde hair with beau Machine Gun Kelly [PICS]  She also described her own heartbreak over watching Derek become "emotional" as he reminisces about his previous lifestyle. She told This Morning hosts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby: "Waking up at home is an extraordinary thing. "If I catch him before he wakes up - it makes me emotional every time - you see him realise where he is and I can only imagine in his dreams he is the person before and he wakes up and he can't say what he wants to say and he can't move. "It's like watching this cloud form and he looks emotional and I say, 'You're going through that moment aren't you, that phase of remembering,' and he says, 'Yes'. "It's like watching heartbreak and your heart breaks a little bit every time." Kate and Derek married in 2005 and share two children together - Billy, 12, and Darcey, 16. Prior to Derek's Covid diagnosis, he was a former lobbyist, political adviser and also worked as a psychotherapist. He is also the author of two books, Blair's 100 Days and Life Support. The May issue of Good Housekeeping is on sale from 29th June