The neighbour says she is "being driven mad by the constant music," which sometimes continues until 11pm. The children, believed to be teenagers, also "screech incessantly" but, when their neighbour confronted the mother last week, she just told her to "ignore it". Now the despairing neighbour has taken to parenting forum Mumsnet to share her torment. The woman, who says she struggles to work from home due to the racket, posted: "My neighbour has two teenage children. One sitting A-level and one GCSE's which means they're on study leave apart from exams. "They have a kind of teenage snug at the end of their garden - glorified shed really with lights and speakers etc. This means that from 11am every day they are blasting (bad) dance music till 11pm at night. The night time I can cope with, but I work from home, and the only place I can work is the dining room - which is their side of the house. I am really struggling with working and having meetings with incessant music and screeching of teens. I mentioned it to neighbour who rolled her eyes and said to just ignore it. "I've got 3 months of this ahead of me! I don't have an office I can work from to escape it. And soon I will want the window open too. How can I explain that this is an issue and that EVERY SINGLE DAY and constant music isn't really acceptable?" The post has received more than 100 replies, Liverpool Echo reports, most of which support the neighbour.  One person wrote: "Work out what you can cope with - e.g. music after 5.30 and go back and talk to neighbour. If nothing changes then say you will have to contact the council." Another stated: "You have to tell your neighbour straight that it stops right now. There is nothing worse than loud music and you have to work!" A third shared: "I feel for you. When I was this age if the neighbour had come round to my parents and said I was disturbing them all day, every day I'd have absolutely been told to wind it in and stop being antisocial. But that was a billion years ago and now it's all MY LIFE MY RULES and the Mumsnet favourite 'if you don't like noise go live in the middle of nowhere on you own'. Rampant individualism reigns on here. All you can do is keep asking them to tone it down. You're not being unreasonable. Good luck." At the time of writing, 82% of Mumsnet users voted the neighbour was not being unreasonable to complain about the teenagers playing loud music. 