Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were booed when they left the Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral during their visit for the Platinum Jubilee. The surprise hostile reaction to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex came as a "big shock" to the couple, according to royal expert Neil Sean. Speaking on his YouTube channel this morning, the royal commentator claimed that company bosses at Netflix, Spotify and Penguin Random House, who all have deals with the Sussexes, want answers about the reaction. He explained: "As members of the Royal Family, you are used to being warmly welcomed at events, and any protests or unwelcome reactions are controlled by the police. "But as celebrities, you can't really control the crowds. "And that is what happened when Harry and Meghan rocked up outside St Paul's Cathedral as part of the Thanksgiving Service "When they got back to the States, they worried about your perception, especially to company bosses at Netflix, Spotify, and Penguin Random House, and they have to explain exactly where those boos came from." JUST IN: Kate and William's new home to spark 'tension' with Meghan and Harry  Mr Sean continued: "Harry and Meghan's team have to explain away to people why they were booed. "According to a very good source, this unwelcome reaction came to Harry and Meghan as a very big shock. "They found out they are not as well-loved as they thought. "That is not to say they do not have fans in the UK, they do, but it is a mixed bag now, after their outspoken comments."  Mr Sean noted that others were booed at the event, including Prime Minister Boris Johnson, who was met with boos and whistles by frustrated spectators. The Queen herself was not in attendance for the event due to "some discomfort" she experienced the day before. After the uncomfortable reaction, Megan and Harry skipped a luncheon following a thanksgiving service at St. Paul's Cathedral. DON'T MISS Sturgeon's independence hopes brutally crushed [INTERVIEW]Queen's funeral details leaked as new planning includes guest lists [INSIGHT]Toxic fire in China sparks apocalyptic panic after turning sky black [VIDEO]  The event marked Harry and Markle's first joint public appearance with the Royal Family in two years following their move to step back as senior members of the monarchy. During the trip, the couple also introduced their youngest child, Lilibet, to the rest of the Royal Family. A poll released on the eve of their visit showed that Harry and Meghan's popularity in the country had sunk to an all-time low. The research, carried out by YouGov on 1,692 adults in May, asked whether they held a positive or negative opinion of the Duke and Duchess. Just 32 percent see Harry in a positive light, compared to 58 percent who see him negatively. Meghan Markle's net favourability has also dropped from -39 to -42 in the latest poll. 