The 96-year-old monarch, who is facing ongoing mobility issues, was in Edinburgh for the historic Ceremony of the Keys at the Palace of Holyroodhouse. The event is the traditional opener to Holyrood week for the royals who have travelled to Scotland en masse. The Queen, dressed in a light blue coat and hat, was symbolically offered the keys to the city by Edinburgh Lord Provost Robert Aldridge. The tradition dictates that the monarch returns them, entrusting their safekeeping to the city's elected officials. The head of state, carrying a walking stick, was joined by Prince Edward and Sophie, known as the Earl and Countess of Forfar in Scotland. The Guard of Honour was provided by the Balaklava Company, the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders, 5th Battalion The Royal Regiment of Scotland, which was inspected by the Earl of Wessex on the forecourt of the palace during the ceremony. Music was provided by the pipes and drums of the Royal Highland Fusiliers, 2nd Battalion the Royal Regiment of Scotland and the Band of the Royal Regiment of Scotland. It comes as members of the Royal Family will be stepping out for a series of appearances in Scotland this week. Prince Charles, known as the Earl of Rothesay north of the border, and Princess Anne will be carrying out engagements along with Edward and Sophie. However, Prince Andrew, who has stepped back from public duties, will not be involved. The Princess Royal will conduct an investiture on behalf of the Queen at Holyroodhouse on Tuesday. On Wednesday, the Prince of Wales, Edward, Sophie and Anne will host guests at a garden party at Holyroodhouse in recognition of their positive contributions to communities across Scotland. Thursday will see Charles attend a Queen's Body Guard for Scotland Reddendo Parade in the gardens of the palace. The heir to the throne and Anne will also attend the Thistle Service at St Giles' Cathedral. Edward is set to host a celebration in the gardens at Holyroodhouse for Duke of Edinburgh Gold Award holders from across Scotland on Friday. Holyroodhouse is the Queen's official residence in Scotland and stands at the end of Edinburgh's Royal Mile. The monarch travelling to Scotland comes after recent Platinum Jubilee celebrations. She delighted royal fans by making two appearances on Buckingham Palace's balcony during the extended bank holiday weekend.  In a message marking the end of the festivities, the 96-year-old pledged to continue to serve "to the best of my ability, supported by my family". Royal historian Hugo Vickers said: "It was good that the Queen reaffirmed her intention to continue to serve. "We know she cannot do all that she used to - but she is there behind the scenes and we see her regularly on Zoom." Concern for the Queen's health has been heightened since she spent a night in hospital last October. The monarch, who has been suffering from episodic mobility issues, now regularly uses a walking stick and rarely carries out engagements outside of her royal residences. 