Alexander Zverev's brother Mischa has thanked Rafael Nadal for how he handled the third seed's freak injury retirement during their French Open semi-final clash. The 25-year-old fell on his ankle and was taken off court in a wheelchair before re-emerging on crutches to retire. Zverev retired after three hours on court when he fell on his ankle and was taken off court in a wheelchair. Nadal went off-court with his before the pair re-emerged to shake hands and paid tribute to the third seed in his in-court interview. After the German's freak injury retirement, his brother has thanked the 13-time champion for helping Zverev during the difficult scenes. "Rafa is a special person," Mischa Zverev told Eurosport. "He can feel it and he understands it. It helps Sascha when Rafa talks to him." The Spaniard - who turned 36 today - has struggled with injury himself in the last three months, fracturing his rib in Indian Wells before his chronic foot injury came back to haunt him at the recent Rome Masters. And the elder Zverev brother said it was "important" for the world No 3 to hear from someone who had struggled in the past. JUST IN: Wimbledon ban divides tennis fans after Djokovic and Nadal speak out   "In these moments you want to talk to the best and strongest. That's important and good to hear their stories. It can cheer you up," he added. The man dubbed the 'King of Clay' went straight over to his opponent after hearing Zverev's cries and then joined him off-court admitting it was tough to hear him cry. "I have been there in the small room with Sascha before we came back on court and [to] see him crying there, it’s a very tough moment so just all the best to him and all the team," he said in his on-court interview. Despite the devastating end to Zverev's second French Open semi-final, his brother said there were "worst situations" to be in. DON'T MISSMurray opens up to Foster on his tennis future and retirement fearsWimbledon ban divides tennis fans after Djokovic and Nadal speak outDjokovic coach backtracks with new Nadal claim after French Open loss   The former world No 25 said: "You can't compare that with anything. When you are injured like Sascha is now, a piece of your life is taken away from you for a certain time because you can't walk, you can't be on the tennis court. "But there are much worse situations, much more serious problems in the world today. Losing in the semi-finals of a Grand Slam tournament is the smallest problem. It's not even a luxury problem, it's pure luxury." Watch every match from Roland-Garros live and exclusive on discovery+ and Eurosport 