The Mirror’s royal correspondent Russell Myers was speaking to Australian TV about the relationship between the Royal Family and the Sussexes when he spoke about Harry. Discussing Harry’s most recent interview at the Invictus Games, he said: “Harry was giving an interview just a couple of weeks ago.  "It was all, sort of, bizarre language, he was there to protect the Queen and these things are not going down too well. "If it [their relationship] is to be repaired, then there needs to be a bit more water under the bridge". Russell Myers agreed with Australian TV Host Richard Wilkins on the Today Show. He claimed the royal couple may be trying to "have their cake and eat it, too". He added: "If Harry's looking for some, sort of, piecemeal then he was a long way off that.  "The people I speak to, the Palace every day, who [are] obviously very very well connected with the top players, as it were. "They are still absolutely furious". He continued: "You can't go on, you know, international television interview with Oprah Winfrey, complaining about your treatment with the family and then wanting to sit down with them when you're still giving interviews". He also claimed that Prince Harry’s tell-all interviews has left the Palace “absolutely furious”.  READ MORE: Prince William 'furious' after Kate 'ridiculed' In March 2021, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex sat down with Oprah Winfrey and made a number of allegations against the royal family. The pair stepped down as senior royals and moved to California last year. Myers made the claims on the show that aired on June 12, with him saying the situation between Harry and the family is “very very frosty”. He said: "The people I speak to, the Palace every day, who [are] obviously very very well connected with the top players, as it were.  DON'T MISS:Pensions set to rise by 10 percent with triple lock reinstated [INSIGHT]'Screaming’ woman demands neighbour gets rid of elderly dogs [COMMENT]Met Office storm warning: Homes at risk of FLOODING [ANALYSIS] "They are still absolutely furious". During the couple's interview with Oprah, they made some shocking allegations against the Royal Family. The couple accused a member of the family, who neither of them wanted to name, of making a racist comment about their son, Archie. Harry also made an admission that he had become estranged from his father, the Prince of Wales. He claimed he felt "really let down", but added that he would make it one of his priorities "to try and heal that relationship". 