Fans have gotten used to seeing Scottish actor Sam Heughan decked out in 18th Century period costumes in Starz hit historical drama, Outlander. With season six all wrapped up and the cast back on Fraser’s Ridge to shoot season seven, Sam has taken to Instagram to preview his next role in a gripping Channel 4 crime drama. Jamie Fraser star Sam has revealed a new preview of his character Ryan in the upcoming murder mystery series, Suspect. The new drama will premiere on Channel 4 this Sunday and feature an all-star cast, including James Nesbitt, Richard E Grant and Ben Miller. Irish actor James stars as Danny Frater, a detective on the hunt to find the truth behind what really happened to his murdered daughter. Fans will have to tune in over the next few weeks to unravel the mystery, as well as discovering what part Sam’s character Ryan will play in the investigation. READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen In the gripping trailer for the series, Ryan appears to be a potential suspect who warns Danny to stop “sticking his nose into things that are best left well alone”. Now, Sam has revealed a full-look at his character with his latest social media update. The Scottish TV star has traded Jamie’s signature kilt and red locks for a sensible trim and gym wear. He’s pictured reclining on a boxing ring next to a punching bag, so he could be providing a formidable physical adversary for Danny to face off against over the course of the series. Down in the comments, many of his 3.8million followers were thrilled to see the Outlander star taking on a completely different role. @shradermomma said: “Wish I could see it here in the US? Congratulations on your success!” @agustinaballerina10 replied: “Oh boy my heart skipped a few beats.” “I’m so looking forward to seeing you in something so different,” @sheeldav commented. “I know you’ll be as brilliant as ever.” DON'T MISS:Lincoln Lawyer season 2 bags Queen of the South showrunner [LATEST]NCIS’ Michael Weatherly announces new venture after Bull [UPDATE]The Boys’ Tomer Capone pays tribute to Kimiko fight scene [EXCLUSIVE] @kimmerelk exclaimed: “Looks awesome!! Hope we get to see it in the US sometime soon.” While @kathymiz8 joked: “Sam you look like a ‘Suspect’!!!!” And @railiedouglas agreed: “You definitely look suspect in this photo!” After years portraying the charming and kind-hearted Scottish highlander, Sam could very well be playing against type in the dark new drama. Each part of the eight-episode series will reportedly follow Danny’s interaction with one of eight suspects. As Sam has now teased his role on social media, there’s a strong chance he’ll be appearing in the first episode this Sunday, before the rest of the cast are given the spotlight in the coming weeks. Suspect will undoubtedly be the perfect opportunity for the Outlander star to show off his acting chops away from his most high-profile television role. In the meantime, Sam and his co-star Caitriona Balfe are hard at work on the seventh season of the hit Starz drama, which is expected to premiere early next year. Outlander seasons 1-6 are available to stream on StarzPlay. Suspect begins Sunday, 19 June at 9pm on Channel 4.