Taxpayers are going to be unhappy with William and Kate adding a third furnished home to their collection, according to the hosts of the Royally Obsessed podcast Rachel Bowie and Roberta Fiorito. It is thought that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will move into Adelaide Cottage this summer after William celebrates his 40th birthday. Alongside the new home in Windsor, the royal couple will also keep Kensington Palace as their family's London home, and continue to visit their Norfolk home, Anmer Hall, according to the Sunday Times. The Royally Obsessed hosts pointed out that there is "a lot of uproar" because the Cambridges splashed £12 million on renovations for Kensington Palace. Ms Fiorito added: "They wanted to make it more kid-friendly and family-oriented, and the promise was they would be there for the long haul." Ms Bowie noted that the Cambridges are keeping Kensington, just not as their primary residence. Ms Fiorito responded: "But to have three furnished homes! The taxpayers may be a little miffed about this." JUST IN:Kate and William's new home to spark 'tension' with Meghan and Harry  Ms Bowie defended the move, saying: "But this is the future king! Think about all the properties the Queen has." Despite the controversy, the hosts did praise the couple for the "really unprecedented" decision of down-sizing their primary home. Ms Fiorito said: "The fact they are moving into Adelaide Cottage is a shock. It is such a down-size. It is really low-key. It is just four bedrooms." Ms Bowie added: "It's right next to Frogmore Cottage. "Harry and Meghan are right over there, there's going to be some tension."  A source close to the Cambridges addressed the concerns about the taxpayers, telling The Sun: “Kate and William were very keen for a modest home to start their new lives in Windsor. “Adelaide Cottage fits the bill because it is a four-bedroom home and they do not need any more as they have no live-in staff. "They were adamant they didn’t want anything too showy or anything that needed renovating or extra security so as not to be a burden on the taxpayer. "The added bonus is they can send George, Charlotte, and Louis to school together locally." DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry irrelevant! William's 'brutal' Megxit verdict [LIVE BLOG]Ukraine wipes out Russian naval vessel in Snake Island missile strike [VIDEO]Charles and William snub Harry and Meghan over royal duties [INSIGHT]  The source added: "The three children will enjoy running around and playing in the gardens, which is the kind of life they enjoy so much when at Anmer Hall. "They will pay rent from their private account. All they need to do is move in some of their treasured furniture and possessions. "The whole family is looking forward to moving in this summer and starting a new chapter in their lives together in Windsor.” Royal experts suggest that William is moving to Windsor to be closer to the Queen, as he is stepping up his Royal duties in preparation for being a future monarch. Others claimed that the move is so the Queen can be closer to her grandchildren George, Charlotte, and Louis. 