The Duke of Cambridge's 40th birthday may be celebrated by the Queen with a new special military appointment. Traditionally, senior members of the Royal Family are treated as military members and receive promotions as they get older, typically when they reach milestone birthdays. Most recently, Princess Anne was promoted by the Army and the Royal Air Force - following the Queen's approval - to the roles of General and Air Chief Marshall respectively. These appointments were announced hours before the Princess Royal's 70th birthday in mid-August 2020. Earlier that same year, Prince Andrew was due to be promoted to Admiral of the Royal Navy in celebration of his 60th birthday. However, the Duke of York asked the Navy to defer this honorary promotion until his return to public duty. Five years prior, Andrew was promoted to Vice-Admiral to mark his 55th birthday. Andrew announced he would temporarily step back from royal duties in mid-November 2019, following his disastrous interview with Newsnight's Emily Maitlis focused on his association with convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. He has yet to resume his role as a working royal. Among other working members of the Firm to have obtained honorary military honours and promotions to mark their birthday there has been Prince Charles. READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'hoped to reconcile with Kate' for children to bond In November 2006, to celebrate his 58th birthday, the Prince of Wales received the titles of Admiral, General and Air Chief Marshal in all three British military services. In June 2012, as the monarch was celebrating her Diamond Jubilee, Charles was awarded the highest rank in all three military services, an appointment not made in connection to his birthday but to recognise his support for the Queen as Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces. At the time, only Prince Philip and the Duke of Kent held five-star military ranks among working royals. Prince William currently holds four honorary military appointments in the UK and one in Canada. In August 2006 he was appointed Commodore-in-Chief of the Royal Navy Submarine Service and of Scotland. Two years later, he became Honorary Air Commandant of RAF Coningsby. Since November 2009 William has held the title of Honorary Canadian Ranger. And in February 2011 he was appointed Colonel of the Irish Guards. As such, he took part in the Trooping the Colour parade earlier this month, riding horseback alongside Prince Charles and Princess Anne. And a few days prior he donned the full Irish Guard uniform to carry out the Colonel's Review, the last review of the troops ahead of the parade, at Horse Guards Parade. Prince William last donned his medals when he appeared on the balcony of Buckingham Palace alongside working royals and the Queen on June 2. Together, they watched the RAF flypast marking the end of the Queen's Birthday Parade. Ahead of his birthday, Prince William pledged to continue to put the spotlight on a cause he deeply cares about, fighting homelessness. In a comment piece he wrote for Big Issue, the Duke said: "I count myself extremely lucky to have a role that allows me to meet people from all walks of life, and to understand their full story – whatever it may be. "It’s a privilege that many of us, busy with our days, don’t always afford. "And while I may seem like one of the most unlikely advocates for this cause, I have always believed in using my platform to help tell those stories and to bring attention and action to those who are struggling. I plan to do that now I’m turning 40, even more than I have in the past."