Princess Eugenie is known to be one of the most fashionable of the modern royals, and during the Platinum Jubilee royal fans got a glimpse of a very trendy circle tattoo behind the Princess' ear. Eugenie is one of a few Royal Family members known to have a tattoo, and it is thought the tiny tat holds a very special meaning. Princess Eugenie hasn't spoken out about what the tattoo means to her personally, but traditionally circle tattoos have a philosophical element. Tattoo Seo explained to OK!: "One of the most basic, yet powerful, symbols, the circle is a representation of the universe in its most simple form. "It is a primal symbol that portrays life and the cycle that leads to death and back to life again. "The circle represents the cyclical nature of the universe and all life on earth." READ MORE: Princess Anne's husband leaves crowd in stitches with joke  Cyclical tattoos such as Eugenie's can also symbolise the sun and time, according to the tattoo experts. They added: "The circle can also represent the feminine and masculine. "In terms of the sun, it has a masculinity about it and when talking about the soul, the circle has a feminine quality to it. "Some have said the circle symbolises the cycle of time and the idea of movement. Everything is in motion all the time."  Eugenie's tattoo is incredibly subtle, and fans were only able to spot it because of her swept-back hairstyle during the Jubilee celebrations last week. But other members of the Royal Family are known to flaunt their tattoos including Lady Amelia Windsor, the granddaughter of Prince Edward, Duke of Kent. Lady Amelia has tattoos on her rib cage and wrists, and she sports a tiger tattoo on her shoulder blade. As for other royals, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex have all sported semi-permanent henna tattoos over the years. DON'T MISS:Kate opens up on Louis after tot stole show during Jubilee events [INSIGHT]Why Camilla didn't wear a tiara for her wedding like Kate and Meghan [ANALYSIS]Defining pictures from every decade of Prince Philip's life [PICTURES]  While Meghan was expecting her first child Archie she received a beautiful floral henna tattoo during a visit to Morocco. Kate also got a small henna tattoo during a visit to a music and arts hub in Sunderland in 2018. While permanent tattoos are uncommon in the British Royal Family, elsewhere in Europe several royals sport some fashionable body art. The future king of Denmark, Prince Frederik, is said to have well-covered tattoos that represent his time in the Danish Navy, while Princess Sofia of Sweden has tattoos on her back and her ankle. 