Ruth Langsford has become a regular panellist on Loose Women since she and Eamonn Holmes left their Friday slot on This Morning.  In the past, the Loose Women stars have addressed any feud rumours on the show, but in a new interview with Lorraine Kelly, Ruth said the panel never "falls out". When asked about how much fun she has on the show, Ruth admitted: "Sometimes we have so much fun, we forget we are on television." "It is very dangerous," Lorraine chipped in before adding: "You never know what you're going to say. "Obviously you have disagreements," the host said brushing upon their friendship. "But it's the power of a female friendship which is really important because we all disagree with our pals now and again, and that is that, you just get on with it." READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint "We do have some heated discussions," Ruth admitted. "But we don’t fall out. "Somehow people just love to pit women against women, don’t they." "Don't they, though," Lorraine agreed. "I bet you if that was a panel of fellas you'd never hear any of that." Ruth went on to explain: "We do disagree about things, but then five minutes later we laugh and talk about something else.  "We’re such a diverse group of women, different age groups, different views and opinions on things. "So many times I go on that show, I think one thing and by the end of the discussion I’ve changed my mind.” "That's great," Lorraine praised. "And I think that's why people love to watch because we get all of those different opinions." The host quickly changed the conversation to Ruth's lifestyle and how she stays fit and healthy. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star details moment he decided to quit acting  [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' baby Thomas DNA twist  [REACTION]GMB viewers demand Richard Madeley be removed over Rwanda question [VIDEO] She also asked her ITV co-star about her husband Eamonn and how he was feeling after being rushed to the hospital with back pain. "I try to do a little bit of everything," Ruth said about staying fit before adding: "But I don't do a lot of much. "I do a little bit of exercise, a little bit of mindfulness, which is walking my dog. "But I do like to have fun and I like to enjoy my life, I like a glass of wine and a gin." Lorraine promptly went on to ask about Eammon's health after spotting the pair at Ascot together. "How's he doing? I know he's had terrible back problems and all of that," she asked. "It must be so difficult and somehow he smiles through it all, he manages to do that." "Well, he was there," Ruth admitted. "He still had his stick with him because he's got these discs in his back, but he was out, he was smiling and it was a beautiful day." Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV.