If homeowners have noticed their shower flow getting a little weaker, don’t assume it’s a problem with the water pressure. It could well be, but it’s equally as likely to be down to limescale deposits inside the shower head blocking the ducts. When this happens, you’ll experience what seems like reduced pressure, a weaker flow and sporadic spray patterns. To help Britons out, Mrs Hinch fans have shared their ways of cleaning shower heads on dedicated cleaning pages on social media. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to remove the grime from her shower head. Uploading a picture of her shower head, Gemma Dickie wrote: “Noticed today how grime my shower head is. What’s the best way to clean it?” Limescale can build up easily over a long period of time in kettles, on shower heads and around taps. Hard water areas can often suffer the most from limescale build up which means problem areas need tackling more frequently. READ MORE: ‘Obvious’ signs you have low water pressure - how to ‘boost’ Shower heads are particularly prone to limescale but not just on the outside, it is probably loved in the head too. This can cause blocked ducts, which reduces the flow of water. According to Mrs Hinch fans, using white vinegar and a plastic bag is an “easy” yet “cheap” way to clean shower heads. Julie Burns said: “It’s so easy, cover the shower head in a plastic bag filled with white vinegar and leave it to soak overnight. DON'T MISS: Pests: ‘Effective solution’ to repel bugs from outdoor lights [EXPERT]Hydrangeas not blooming? How to ensure ‘vigorous growth’ [INSIGHT]Stop ants damaging plants using 70p method - ‘fatal to them’ [TIPS] “Not only does it work well but it’s super cheap and involves no harsh chemicals. “Also make sure the bag is filled up with enough vinegar to cover the limescale areas.” Becky Cooper suggested: “Tie a sandwich bag round it soaked in white vinegar, will rinse straight off in the morning.” Jenna Cooper commented: “Fill a plastic bag with white vinegar overnight, nothing else then the limescale will be gone by the morning. “I was amazed at how well it performed and without scrubbing. It cleans and gets rid of germs and bacteria this way.” Kelly Richards wrote: “Unscrew the head and soak for a few hours in white vinegar in a bag. It will come straight off.” Claire Mott said: “Sandwich bag of vinegar and tie with a hair band and leave overnight.” Susan Wilmot agreed: “Leave the shower head soaking in a bag of white vinegar overnight. “Don’t worry it won’t ruin the material like other harsh chemicals. Laura Morris added: “Leave overnight in a bag or jug of white vinegar. Comes up spotless and no scrubbing needed.” White vinegar has strong acidic qualities so it’s great at breaking down those pesky limescale deposits. As limescale is made of calcium carbonate, an alkaline, the acidity of vinegar works to break through the hard deposits. Vinegar is also a cost-effective method for removing limescale, available for 29p in Tesco.