Royal christenings traditionally follow a few months after the birth of every royal baby, and usually members of the Royal Family will gather for the special occasion. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's son Archie was christened in 2019 while his parents were still living in the UK full-time, and a sweet picture was released of Harry and Meghan cradling their bundle of joy while he was dressed in the traditional royal christening gown. Harry and Meghan now have a second child, a daughter named Lilibet after the Queen, who was born last June. There has been no official confirmation that baby Lilibet has been christened yet, either in the UK or the US. Reports have indicated Harry and Meghan might wish for their daughter to be christened in the US. Some were hopeful Lilibet could have been christened during her visit to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee this month. But the four-day weekend was jam-packed with royal events. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle appeared alongside the Royal Family for the first time in two years at some of the fixtures, and the Duke and Duchess were spotted watching Trooping the Colour from Horse Guard's Parade. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 'completely' excluded from Royal Family  The Sussexes also made a higher-profile appearance at St Paul's Cathedral to attend a Service of Thanksgiving for the Queen's 70 years on the throne. Lilibet and Archie weren't seen in public during the jubilations, but it is thought Lilibet was finally introduced to her great-grandmother, the Queen. And while a christening might not have taken place, the Sussexes still had cause to celebrate as it was Lilibet's first birthday on June 4. Friends and family are thought to have gathered at Harry and Meghan's UK residence of Frogmore Cottage in Windsor to celebrate the little one's milestone, and the Sussexes shared an adorable snap of Lili smiling on her big day.  If Lilibet is christened in the UK at a later date, there are a whole host of traditions that may be implemented for the special ceremony. Many of these traditions stem from the reign of Queen Victoria, such as the wearing of the royal christening gown, which is now a replica of the one first worn by Queen Victoria's eldest child Princess Victoria when she was christened in 1841. The original gown was worn by royal babies at their christenings up to Lady Louise Windsor's in 2004, but her brother James, Viscount Severn was the first to wear the replica gown after the original was deemed too delicate to be worn again. DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle and Prince Harry photo ban bitter pill to swallow' [ANALYSIS]Kate and William 'made no effort at all' to bridge gap with Harry [INSIGHT]Lilibet birthday photo has striking resemblance to baby Charles [PICTURES]  Royal babies are also baptised in the Lily Font that was specially created for little Vicky in the 1800s, and traditionally holy water from the River Jordan is poured over the baby's head during the service. The latest royal christening was believed to have been held for Princess Beatrice and Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi's daughter Sienna, who was born last September. Another christening was held jointly last year for Princess Eugenie's son August and Zara Tindall's son Lucas at the Royal Chapel of All Saints in Windsor. Joint royal christenings are very rare, and it isn't known whether Zara and Eugenie's sons took it in turns to wear the iconic christening gown during the service. 