Sir Tom Jones has unveiled his strange choice for the song he would like to be played at his funeral. The star, who is 82 today, shared the stunning revelation while discussing the soundtrack of his life.  When asked about the song he would choose for mourners to hear at his funeral, he opted for the odd choice of ‘Great Balls of Fire’.  He said: “It’s always been a favourite of mine.  “If someone wants me to sing something, I’ve always said: ‘If in doubt, do ‘Great Balls Of Fire’.  “But at my funeral, I’d have to play the original 1957 version released on Sun Records.” READ MORE: Patriotic Kate Moss, 48, wears Union Jack ensemble for Jubilee The Welsh singer also touched on other memorable songs throughout his life. Tom was asked by NME about a song he was unable to get out of his head. The It's Not Unusual hitmaker explained that it was the song Cry To Me by Solomon Burke. He recounted an experience involving the track that he shared with his co-star Olly Murs on The Voice.  Tom said: “And so when Olly Murs said to me on The Voice, ‘You knew Solomon Burke, right?’, I said, ‘Yeah, and my favourite Solomon Burke song has always been ‘Cry To Me’.’  “And so I sang it. Well, that was on Saturday night and apparently we went viral with it.  “So now I’m thinking, ‘After all these years of kicking this song around, it’s finally getting the recognition it deserves’.”  In time for his 82nd birthday, Sir Tom also shared a series of photographs of himself alongside the Queen for her 70th anniversary on the throne.   DONT MISS: Eamonn Holmes reacts to praise over 'chemistry' with GB News co-host (PHOTOS)Amanda Holden, 50, dares to go braless in dress on chilly London day (NEWS)David Beckham sends alluring message to wife Victoria while topless (LATEST) The legendary singer praised the monarch’s record-breaking reign with a relevant tribute in view of his 444,000 Instagram followers. He penned: “Always inspiring, the magnificent Queen Elizabeth II.” Tom also added the hashtag “#PlatinumJubilee”. The selection of photos included the hitmaker and the Queen shaking hands at the Royal Variety Show at the London Palladium in 1968. Another captured the moment Tom was knighted in Buckingham Palace in 2006. And finally, Tom included a snap of himself standing on the stage with the Queen and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall at the Diamond Jubilee concert back in 2012. Tom’s latest Album, Surrounded By Time, was released in May 2021. It went to Number One in the UK at the time, making him the oldest man to produce such an achievement.