Edinburgh is known for its history which is believed to date back to 600 AD. As a result of this, there are plenty of attractions to see including Edinburgh Castle. The castle is a prominent feature of Edinburgh’s skyline and dates back to the Iron Age. Unlike other cities in the UK, there is lots of beautiful green space in Edinburgh. There are more than 100 parks which makes it a great spot for young families and those who love to enjoy the city and the countryside. For those who are looking to ditch their cars, Edinburgh might just be the place to move to. The city is incredibly compact and has a fantastic public transport system. It’s also easy to walk and cycle around the city, although the weather is not the most reliable. Edinburgh is home to three excellent universities which means there’s plenty of options for families with older children looking to stay local. The city is also famous for the Edinburgh Fringe Festival - the largest arts festival in the world. READ MORE: Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow There are a plethora of different property types in Edinburgh from homes dating back to the 1700s and stylish, modern apartments. Homes in the city are more pricey but buyers will be able to easily snap-up a historic, listed Georgian property. Meanwhile, hidden gems can be found on the outskirts of town close to plenty of amenities. The average house price in Edinburgh and within a 20-mile radius over the last 12 months is £295,000, according to OnTheMarket. Property: Six bedrooms detached home Location: Ravelston Dykes Road, Edinburgh Price: Offers over £1,950,000 Marketed by: Simpson & Marwick, Edinburgh, via OnTheMarket. This six-bedroom, two-bathroom property is a stunner with everything a homeowner could need. The property includes a vestibule and reception hall, drawing room, sitting room, dining room, kitchen, breakfast room, sunroom, 5 double bedrooms, family bathroom, shower room and a study or sixth bedroom. The home is set over three floors and is 3,456 sq ft with ample parking, garaging and outbuildings. The property has been finished to an impeccably high standard with period features throughout. Described as a “period villa”, this property is packed with charm and character. DON'T MISSHow to clean windows and leave them 'sparkling' [INSIGHT]‘Do not use salt to kill weeds!' Paving expert condemns gardening hack [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘best’ way to clean ‘grim’ discoloured pillows [ANALYSIS] Exposed beams can be seen in the kitchen, which includes an island and a farmhouse sink, and ornate coving and ceiling roses can be seen in the reception rooms. This home is located in the prestigious residential area of Ravelston which is around two miles west of the centre of Edinburgh. Property: Two bedroom flat Location: Portobello, Edinburgh Price: Offers over £290,000 Marketed by: Umega, Edinburgh, via OnTheMarket. Located just five minutes from the popular Portobello beach and Promenade, this is an ideal project for a first time buyer or investor. The property is a blank canvas which can be decorated and refurbished to suit anyone’s personal taste. Despite being a flat in the city, the property includes a private garden which means the lucky owner can entertain outdoors in the warmer months. The property includes period cornicing and a large bay window at the front. The dining room is located to the rear of the property next to the small kitchen. Subject to planning permission, the dining room and kitchen could be opened up to create a spacious kitchen/diner. The galley kitchen includes a built-in oven, gas hob, and fridge freezer. Both bedrooms are well-sized, with one facing the front and another facing the rear. There’s also plenty of storage which is perfect for anyone who owns a bike. Property: Three bedroom semi-detached home Location: Newcraighall, Musselburgh Price: Offers over £299,000 Marketed by: Aberdein Considine, Edinburgh, via OnTheMarket. This is a stunning three bedroom, two bathroom home that has been impressively decorated throughout. The property includes an open plan lounge and kitchen, a garden and driveway and an ensuite in the master bedroom.  The open plan living area has modern bi-fold doors lead out to the rear garden. The modern kitchen area also has an oven, hob, hood, microwave, dishwasher, fridge/freezer and washing machine built in. The most impressive aspect of this property is the finish. It’s modern yet neutral with wooden floors downstairs luxurious carpet upstairs. All three bedrooms are sizeable with neutral decor throughout. The large garden is enclosed with a well-maintained lawn, patio space and a decking area which is perfect for a summer barbecue.