Royal Ascot is synonymous with fun and fabulous hats headpieces, and racegoers today did not fail to impress. Each Royal Ascot enclosure has a different Dress Code. In the Royal Enclosure, ladies should wear a hat, however, a headpiece which has a solid base of 4 inches (10cm) or more in diameter is also acceptable. Fascinators are not permitted. In the Queen Anne and Village Enclosures a hat, headpiece or fascinator should be worn at all times. READ MORE: Kate Middleton and Princess Sofia step out in identical dress The Windsor Enclosure does not have an official dress code but a hat or fascinator is recommended for ladies. Guest strolled in this morning wearing all manner of wonderful hats, fascinators and headpieces. One guest paired an electric blue fascinator with a blue clutch and white dress. She had in tow another guest who paired a vibrant orange and white dress - perfect for summer - with a white headband fascinator. One recegoer stunned in a white mini dress with embroidered detail, paired with a lime green fascinator and lime green feathered sandals. Another racegoer wowed in a chic maroon cartwheel hat, which she paired with dark sunglasses and a dark dress. Cartwheel hats were popular this morning, with other attendees opting for the style in pale pink and beige. One woman channelled Audrey Hepburn in a wide-brimmed black hat complete with a white bow. She paired this with a black and white polkadot dress featuring puffy sleeves. One of the standout hats at the event was a candy floss pink wide-brimmed number which boasted lots of feathers. And another guest stole the show with a swirly orange feathered fascinator. One woman looked regal in a crisp white fascinator with pink and red detail.  Today's guests faced some competition however, as yesterday's racegoers went all out. One woman looked divine in a marvellous creation decorated with an array of multi-coloured flowers and butterflies, paired with an orange dress. Not to mention, the Duchess of Cornwall looked sensational in a turquoise hat, equipped with ribbons and a large flower. The Countess of Wessex too looked very pretty in a pink and maroon hat. Princess Anne went for a modest burgundy fascinator paired with a summery yellow dress.