James Nesbitt, 57, takes to our screens tonight in the adaptation of the Danish series Suspect, with the drama expected to leave viewers on the edge of their seats. In an unearthed interview, the actor recalled the "mistakes" he made when he divorced his wife of 22 years Sonia Forbes-Adams back in 2016. James married Sonia in 1994 after meeting in 1989 at the final call-back for Hamlet at Loughborough Hall. The former couple had two daughters together, Peggy and Mary, who both appeared in the final two Hobbit movies as the daughters of Bard the Bowman. In 2013 the actor announced he and his wife were splitting, with the divorce being finalised in 2016. In an unearthed interview, James admitted his "regret" over the way things were handled at the end of his marriage. READ MORE: Tearful Fern Britton admits her children 'kept me alive' in dark times James recalled: "I certainly regret things, but I'm also aware that I can't change them. "You can try to learn from it. I regret any pain that was caused." He then discussed the "impact" the time had on him and even admitted the "mistakes" he made. James continued: "I think separating has an impact because you look at why it happened and you see mistakes that were made. "I'm lucky enough to be able to look back at stuff and say, 'Oh well that was then, I've had a good lash at that, and this is now'," he told The Radio Times. The former couple finalised their divorce in 2016, three years after it was announced that the couple were "living separately". James keeps himself busy starring in many TV series, such as Bloodlands and Stay Close. His success began when he joined the cast of Cold Feet back in 1997. DON'T MISS... Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [INSIGHT] Johnny Depp’s team accuses Amber Heard of ‘reimagining’ case [COMMENT] Liz Hurley, 57, shows off her phenomenal figure in bikini [PICS] James' latest series Suspect is about the death of a young woman, with the circumstances of the death being left unclear. This leaves ambiguity on whether she had committed suicide, or in fact, she was murdered. Her father, Detective Sergeant Danny Frater, played by James, is convinced she didn't kill herself. This leaves him to try to prove this and begins investigating his friends and co-workers. Each episode of the series will follow a different interrogation, only featuring DS Frater and the suspect he’s speaking to. James is the only actor to appear in every episode of the series. Other stars include Sam Heughan, Niamh Algar, Joely Richardson, Sacha Dhawan, Richard E Grant and Anne-Marie Duff. You can watch Suspect on Channel 4 at 9pm tonight