The Buckinghamshire resident realised missing funds just in time to save them as the transfer hadn’t gone through yet. Sharon Fowler shared her shocking story on Channel 5’s Phone Scams: Don’t Get Caught Out.  Ms Fowler found herself becoming victim to what's known as a SIM swap scam on an ordinary working day. A SIM swap allows a person to move their phone number to a new SIM, and usually helps if one’s old SIM has been lost, damaged or stolen. However, Ms Fowler had not ordered this SIM swap in the first place. On the train home from work she received a text from her mobile phone supplier saying: “We’ve processed your SIM activation request and your new SIM will be active within 24 hours.” She immediately called her supplier and explained that she had not asked for a new SIM. READ MORE: 'Excellent!' - Bank launches new savings account offering 'competitive 2.55% return' As soon as she got off the train Ms Fowler went to the nearest store, but an unexpected hiccup prevented her from getting any further. She stated: “Unfortunately, because of the security measures she had put on I couldn’t then access my account. They asked for some ID and it was a utility bill which I didn’t have on me. "He said ‘I’m really sorry, you’re going to have to come back in the morning’. I went home and was feeling slightly uncomfortable about it but he had assured me that it would be fine, they couldn’t cancel it but it would be all fine.” A little while later she managed to get through to her mobile phone supplier, and in the meantime ensured no transactions or money had been taken from any of her bank accounts. Ms Fowler went down to the store again where a clerk informed her of what this scam actually entails. She detailed: “He basically then told me that the reason this had been done; they are basically stealing your number. “They’re stealing your number to put it on another phone so they have access to that number so that when you log in to your bank account they log in to your bank account or credit card or any other account that you have. Essentially, this meant that every account where Ms Fowler would use her mobile number as a way of verifying her identity was now vulnerable and potentially already in the hands of fraudsters. She continued: “The guy and the store managed to stop it if you like and swap it back so I started to get signal back on my mobile.” While it seemed like the worst had past, it was only just beginning for Ms Fowler as she shared: “While I was there I used their WiFi to log on to my Premium Bonds account and I literally felt sick. "I had about £9,000 on my account and my daughter Ellie had about £1,800 on her account from her christening, because she’s under 16 it’s a linked account." “As a single mum it was pretty much all the money in the world I had. Just the thought that somebody had come in and thought they could just take it was massively insulting, I was furious actually.” She quickly called Premium Bonds, speeding through their call centre to reach their security team and alerted them to the situation. Luckily, the transfer had not yet gone through and so NS&I were able to halt the transfer and cancel the instruction.