Mrs Hinch rocketed to stardom when she started posting her nifty cleaning hacks on social media. She inspired an army of cleaning enthusiasts who created Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips, a Facebook page dedicated to helping each other with household chores. Heidi Burns took to the Facebook page to ask for help: "Does anyone have any tips on how to clean and degrease a BBQ please?" Her fellow cleaning enthusiasts came to her rescue right in the nick of time as BBQ season approached. Darren N Wendy Aucote stated: "Get it red hot, then wire brush it. No chemicals needed." Cathy Quinn agreed: "This is what my hubby does too, works great ." READ MORE: 10p hack to remove tea cup stains ‘in minutes’ with ‘no scrubbing’ Karen Williams offered an alternative method: "I take out the rack in my BBQ and pop it in the dishwasher. "I then get a scourer, a bowl of hot water with Fairy Liquid Platinum and scrub the BBQ to loosen up the grease build up and clean I all off. "I then use a few dry cotton cloths to buff it dry afterwards." Germaine Wilson was also on hand with a totally natural tip: "Cut a fresh lemon in half and wipe the bars with it. "Saw the tip on This Morning with the Australian chef, tried it and it was fantastic." A four-pack of Everyday Essentials Lemons is priced at 50p at Aldi, working out at 13p per lemon. Pamela Montford and Katie Jennings recommended Elbow Grease. Olivia Cornell suggested using a jet washer. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch share 'easy peasy' hacks for cleaning an Air Fryer Alisha Scarlett Nelson suggested: "Pink Stuff paste on scrunched tin foil it comes off so easily! "I also use one of those oven cleaning bags sometimes and they’re good too." An 850g container of Stardrops The Pink Stuff The Miracle Cleaning Paste is available at Asda for £1.49. Anne Marie McDowell advised: "Soak it overnight in hot water and Fairy Liquid and wash off in the morning." Sarah Cannon said: "I use these Ultra Grime wipes." A packet, complete with 100 wipes, are available on Amazon for £11.95. Kara Burgoyne said: "I just burn it all off before I use it, then wipe with a wet cloth while it's still hot." Finally, Sarah Jane recommend giving your BBQ a bubble bath. "I put mine in my bath, hot water and fabric conditioner, leave for a few hours, wipe and boom - it's clean."