Presenter Jon Kay sent himself into a panic on Tuesday morning after introducing BBC Breakfast with the wrong time. He was left red-faced after co-presenter Sally Nugent laughed off the mistake, while Jon apologised to the nation for disrupting their morning rush. Jon apologised to BBC viewers for potentially making them think they were two hours late for work with his blunder on Tuesday. As the clock approached 6:30am, Jon momentarily thought time had jumped forward to slightly earlier in the morning. “It's coming up to half-past eight... six!” he exclaimed, before adding: “Sorry.” His co-presenter Sally struggled to hold back her laughter as they sat together on the red sofa. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Hope returns as he takes revenge on Samson Jon himself looked a little shocked and looked down bashfully after his mistake. Thankfully, he quickly rectified his live TV gaffe after just a few moments. He urged viewers not to panic in case they thought they were late to work or dropping their kids off at school. Sally evidently saw the funny side of the blunder, and Jon eventually managed to flash a grin as well. As Breakfast airs from 6-9am, Jon momentarily suggested the show had just half an hour left before Morning Live took over the day’s schedule. The BBC presenters are usually on top of their timekeeping abilities despite their infamously early starts. Former presenter Louise Minchin would set her alarm for 3am before her departure in 2021. In the meantime, Jon has been filling in for former presenter Dan Walker, who left this year for a new role at Channel 5. DON'T MISS:Stranger Things plot hole: Creators admit major Will mistake [BLUNDER]Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly tried to axe Beth’s wedding dress [INSIGHT]Blocco 181: Salmo didn’t include new music in Italian drama [EXCLUSIVE] Dan was beholden to similarly early alarms during his six-year stint as Breakfast host. Jon originally joined BBC Breakfast in 2010 as a regular replacement for the show’s usual hosts. He has now been tapped to become Dan’s permanent replacement, although the broadcaster has also advertised the job externally. However, a BBC source has recently told the Daily Star the temporary presenter is the current favourite to take over. They said: “Jon Kay is very popular in the newsroom, but the process to replace Dan is still ongoing with a few weeks left apparently. “They definitely haven’t done the interviews yet. There has been a huge number of applicants obviously because it was advertised externally." For now, though, Jon will be staying on as temporary BBC host until a permanent replacement is announced later in the year. BBC Breakfast airs from 6am on BBC One.