Tense relations between Prince William, 40, and his younger brother Prince Harry, 37, hit rock bottom following Harry and Meghan's "tell-all" interview with Oprah Winfrey, which aired last March. The brothers previously had a close bond, particularly since the death of their mother, Diana, the Princess of Wales. It has now been reported that William's wife Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge is attempting to play "peacemaker" in order to shed a glimmer of hope that one day the brothers wll reconcile. Speaking on Royally Us, hosts Christine Ross and Christina Garibaldi discussed Kate's attempt to act out the fundamental role within the ongoing feud between the royal brothers. Ms Garibaldi said: "It seems like she's [Kate] doing her best to get the brothers back on track." A source told Royally Us: "There's a small glimpse of hope saving the brothers from never speaking again and that is Kate. "She can sense that despite everything that has happened William still feels the loss of Harry. "She's been frantically trying to play peacemaker but so far her efforts have proved unsuccessful". READ MORE: Prince Charles 'extremely conscious' of cost of living crisis as royal spending soars She also then read out a quote from an insider, which read: "She had a quiet word with the boys separately. "[She even went] as far as calling Harry in Montecito and suggesting that he reached out to William on his birthday. "The issue is both William and Harry are both overly stubborn so there's not much hope". Ms Garibaldi added: "I feel like we get this, you know, kind of information very few months that the brothers are just not on good terms still. "Other people say they are, I don't think we'll ever know what's going on between them but you know, you hope for the sake of family that two do get back on track." READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry should be 'congratulated' on financial Independence She concluded by saying that hopefully "Kate can be that mediator". Ms Ross said: "I think so many of us want them to, sort of, work it out and be on better terms", adding, "because we've seen how close they were [before]". Speaking previously to 60 Minutes Australia, royal author Tina Brown spoke of the brothers' relationship Ms Brown said that there is "very little communication" between Harry and William right now". Kate had previously made a subtle public attempt to reconnect the brothers at Prince Philip's funeral. She was spotted holding back and getting the brothers to walk side by side. DON'T MISS In 2020, Harry and Meghan announced their decision to step down as senior working royals. The brother's relationship was already strained prior due to William's past concerns over Harry fast-moving relationship with Meghan Markle. Prince Harry now resides in the US with Meghan and their two children, Archie and Lilibet. READ MORE: 