Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez’s relationship risks worsening and could become similar to Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber's when they were at the team, warns Damon Hill. The former 1996 champion warned the team could stoke ‘friction’ between the pair as they are a ‘confusing team’. Perez has just signed a new deal with Red Bull to keep him in the squad until the end of the 2024 season and the Mexican is still adamant he can fight for the championship with Verstappen this year. Team principal Christian Horner has also confirmed the drivers are free to race and he does not mind who wins the title. However, Hill says he is baffled at some of the things Red Bull have said as he thinks eventually one driver will feel ‘left out'. The team have already demanded Perez move aside for Verstappen at the Spanish Grand Prix this season. If free to race, Perez could have been just one point behind his team-mate in the championship fight. READ MORE: Max Verstappen warns Lewis Hamilton and Charles Leclerc ahead of Baku Speaking to the F1 Nation podcast, Hill said: “They just signed up Sergio, he’s not going anywhere for a bit. I’m quite surprised at some of the things they’ve said, I think that Red Bull can be quite a confusing team for when they have two guys who can be in contention. “I think they somehow seem to leave one side feeling left out and the other side feeling favoured and you get this friction. We had it a lot in the past with Seb [Vettel] and Daniel Ricciardo and with Mark Webber as well. And so watch this space.” While at the team Webber criticised Red Bull for giving priority to multiple champion Vettel. The team gave Vettel the only updated version of a new front-wing at the 2010 British Grand Prix, forcing Webber to retaliate. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen and Charles Leclerc sent Lewis Hamilton warning  [INSIGHT]Verstappen picks two F1 tracks he never wants to be axed from calendar [ANALYSIS]Red Bull think they’ve fixed Verstappen issue after 'painful lessons' [COMMENT] After securing the win, Webber claimed the result was ‘not bad for a number two driver’. Months later, the Australian even revealed the team had thrown their emotional support behind Vettel ahead of the season finale. Despite this, Webber continued at the team for another three seasons before retiring at the end of 2013. Horner has also previously said Daniel Ricciardo leaving Red Bull for Renault was partly down to concerns 'about his value’ at the team with the evolution of Verstappen. Perez now lies just 15 points behind Verstappen in the championship in what is becoming a three-way title fight.