Kate Middleton, 40, has not attended Royal Ascot so far in 2022, but has made her first appearance at the racecourse today with Prince William. As she arrived in the royal procession, the ITV commentators noted that the Duchess of Cambridge looked like the "personification of elegance". Kate paired her polka dot outfit with a pair of massive silver earrings and a large full brim hat.  Kate is in an Alessandra Rich white and black polka dot dress today. The dress is ankle length and features a very high neck with a bow at the top. The shoulders are puffy and airy, which is perfect for today's heat over 30 degrees Celsius. The Duchess tied her hair into a low bun, which was very neat and perfectly showed off her delightful floral hat. READ MORE: Meghan's 'firm' gesture to Harry - 'Signals of anxiety' The dark coloured hat featured white flowers around the rim of the gorgeous number. Kate's exceptional hat that she is wearing today is a custom/bespoke Sally Ann Provan hat. The 'Naeva boater hat' sells for £750. The hat helps to elongate the Duchess' elegant silhouette and looks sensational.  The floral decorations are even handmade from silk. For jewellery, Kate wore a pair of Princess Diana's diamond and pearl earrings. These diamond and South Sea pearl earings also contain pearls from the Princess' diamond and ruby earrings. A memorable time Diana wore these earrings was in December 1995 when she accepted the United Cerebral Palsy Humanitarian Award in New York.  The last time the Duchess was seen wearing Diana's earrings was at the BAFTAs in 2019. The Duchess also wore a new pair of Emmy London shoes today. The 'Rebecca Truffle' tan pointed high heel court shoes retail for a sensational £415. Kate then carried a £370 Emmy London 'Natasha Truffle' tan suede clutch bag to perfectly match her shoes. Royal fans took to social media to praise Kate's stunning polka dot dress.  Twitter user @LadyIngrid_ said: "So chic and lovely." Another, @cadimamartins added: "Pure elegance." Royal watcher @KarenMrozinski commented: "She's wearing Diana's earrings." Twitter user @KaylaAdams_ wrote: "The Duchess of Cambridge looking so elegant at Ascot today!"   