The EU has revealed that from 2024 a single, charging port will be required for mobiles, spelling the end of Apple's famous Lightning Port. This proprietary cable has been a fixture of iPhones for almost a decade, being first introduced with the iPhone 5 in September 2012. This cable replaced another Apple specific port - the 30 pin cable seen on models such as the iPhone 3G. The new EU regulations announced today means from 2024 iPhones will need to support USB-C, which is the standard cable for Android phones. Alternatively, there is speculation that Apple in future could do away entirely with wired charging ports and solely rely on wireless charging. The new EU rules that lawmakers agreed on today will also apply to tablets and digital cameras sold in the region, along with all mobile phones, ereaders, earbuds, headphones, headsets, handheld gaming consoles and portable speakers. Any of these devices that support wired charging will have to be charged via a USB-C port and cable. Laptops, meanwhile, will also have to be charged via a USB-C connection. However, manufacturers will have up to 40 months after the new rules come into force to make these changes to their devices. The EU said the changes, which come into effect in autumn 2024, will help consumers save over £200million each year on unnecessary charger purchases. The new rules have been announced after discussions on the issue have been taking place in Brussels for over a decade. Speaking about the landmark news, Thierry Breton, who is Europe's Internal Market Commissioner, said: "A common charger is common sense for the many electronic devices on our daily lives. "European consumers will be able to use a single charger for all their portable electronics -- an important step to increase convenience and reduce waste." While MEP Alex Agius Saliba said: "Today we have made the common charger a reality in Europe! European consumers were frustrated long with multiple chargers piling up with every new device. "Now they will be able to use a single charger for all their portable electronics." The EU also said they are looking at ways to harmonise wireless charging tech. The next step for these upcoming EU rules will happen after the summer recess for the European Parliament and Council. If the measures are approved, it will be published in the EU Official Journal. It will then enter into force 20 days after that and will start to apply after 24 months. Apple has previously hit out at the EU plans to introduce a standard charging port, saying it stifled creativity. Speaking last year a spokesperson for the tech giant said: "We remain concerned that strict regulation mandating just one type of connector stifles innovation rather than encouraging it, which in turn will harm consumers in Europe and around the world".