TV chef Matt Tebbutt welcomed wine connoisseur Olly Smith along with The Masked Singer presenter Joel Dommett and his wife Hannah Cooper to the Saturday Kitchen this week. Unfortunately, Saturday morning’s guest line-up failed to impress BBC viewers, with many of them taking to Twitter to complain, and some even switching off altogether. Fans weren’t happy with Joel and Hannah’s inclusion on this week’s edition of Saturday Kitchen. Joel is best known as the host of the UK version of The Masked Singer, which challenges celebrities to perform in outlandish character costumes. He was joined by his wife to enjoy a range of dishes, as well as promote their new podcast Never Have I Ever. However, BBC viewers were left frustrated and annoyed by their appearance, with many claiming they didn’t know who the Dommetts were before tuning in. READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen Cary Anne tweeted: “Don't often watch #SaturdayKitchen but left it on for the kedgeree [recipe]. “Hmm. But feeling old because I have no idea who the Dommetts are. “And why the f**k would you want to hear about someone watching their husband having a colonic irrigation?” (sic) Lee said: “Sorry the guests are so annoying, have switched off. You were always our favourite programme but not lately.” Kevin Wittering demanded: “Goodness sake, who are these two? They must have a good agent. User @GersPunk added: “I'm sorry but who the hell are these two celebs on #SaturdayKitchen?” Thankfully, not everyone was put off by Joel and Hannah’s Saturday Kitchen offerings. Twitter user @bertnews admitted: “A podcast with Joel Dommett and his wife, that does sound interesting.” DON'T MISS:NCIS LA’s Eric Christian Olsen dealt blow as project axed [LATEST]SEAL Team season 6 theory: Major death sealed by casting news [THEORY]Kevin Costner admits wife has reservations over Western role [INTERVIEW] And Emma Reed said: “I love Joel Dommett and his wife, but equally love prawns.. one of life's dilemmas.” This Saturday morning, Joel and Hannah attempted to win the audience over as they voted for them to experience their food heaven or food hell. Their food heaven was a cookie dough cheesecake with chocolate shavings, while their food hell was a mushroom broth. Unfortunately for the celebrity couple, 69 percent of the voters thought the guests deserved to experience their food hells, which also included prawns, anchovies and mayonnaise. The Dommetts were clearly cautious when the dishes were brought over, and Joel was stunned to learn he could bite straight through the shell of the prawns. Olly paired the meal with an affordable bottle of Muscadet white wine from Morrisons, and Hannah had to admit she was impressed with the prawns. However, they both failed to brave the mushroom broth on-air, so viewers were left wondering whether their food hell lived up to its reputation. Saturday Kitchen airs Saturdays from 10am on BBC One.