London Underground station staff are set for a 24-hour walkout beginning today (Monday, June 6). Members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union said the strike action is in protest of job cuts and a “looming threat” to pensions. Most London Underground lines operated by Transport for London (TfL) are expected to be impacted by the strike. Even if services do run, as in the case of the new Elizabeth Line, some tube stations may be closed along the way. In a statement, TfL said: "The Elizabeth line will run a normal service. "However, some stations on the Elizabeth line may be closed, where the station is also served by London Underground. READ MORE: Woman claims Union Jack leaves her feeling 'very unsafe' "Services may be busier than usual and queuing systems are likely to be in place, so check before you travel." The transport body added: "We will keep as many stations as possible open, but we expect that this strike will cause severe disruption and the closure of many Tube stations." Other TfL services, including the London Overground and rail services are not affected by the industrial action and will be running. DON'T MISSBBC backlash: Platinum Jubilee coverage blasted in furious rant [REPORT]Fury over tube strikes as HUGE paypacket revealed [INSIGHT]POLL: Should EU be ashamed for ignoring Queen's Jubilee? [POLL] However, other methods of public transport are expected to be busier than usual. TfL said: "Buses and local roads in London will be busier than normal (particularly buses from National Rail stations). "Allow more time for your journey and consider walking or cycling if you can. "Services will run normally but will be busier than usual. "Allow more time for your journey and consider alternatives. "If you are using National Rail and other TfL services from stations also served by London Underground, check before you travel for possible station closures." The tube strike will begin on Monday 6 and last for 24 hours. TfL warns disruption could last until 8.00am on Tuesday morning when "some stations may still be closed". Passengers and commuters are advised to avoid travel up until Tuesday morning if at all possible. TfL added: "If you need to travel, try to do it after 8.00am."