The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were seen at Oprah Winfrey’s California home which has sparked rumours of another chat following last year’s tell-all interview. Millions of people watched the interview which followed Meghan and Harry’s announcement that they would step down as working royals. Ms Levin took to Twitter to slam the rumours, questioning whether audiences would believe the royal couple this time around. She said: “If H and M are working towards another conversation with Oprah Winfrey, will people believe them this time round?” According to reports by The Mail Online, Prince Harry and Meghan were seen pulling into Oprah’s £81million mansion in Montecito, California over the weekend. Pictures show Prince Harry driving the car while the woman in the front seat is reportedly actress Janina Gavankar. Meghan was seen in the middle seat behind them with what looks like a baby seat next to her, although it is unclear if either of the couple’s children were withthem.  Meghan and Harry’s California home is said to be a five-minute drive from Oprah’s. The photo’s show Prince Harry driving a black Range Rover and sources said the three were only at Oprah’s mansion for about an hour. The last time the Duke and Duchess of Sussex gave an interview to Oprah, it sent shockwaves around the world. Meghan claimed to have had “suicidal thoughts” during her time in the UK and said that the Royal Family had denied her any help.  READ MORE: Queen health fears erupt as monarch's bruised hands spark worry She also claimed that there had been concerns about what colour Archie’s skin would be when he was born. Harry, for his part, said that his brother Prince William and Prince Charles were “trapped” in the Monarchy. The news of a rumoured second interview, comes as Prince Harry says he is in the process of writing his memoirs. The book was scheduled to be released in late 2022, however neither the Duke of Sussex nor the company publishing the book - Penguin Random House - have confirmed a date.  DON'T MISS:EU mocked for expensive £1.25 produce as Brexit delivers [REPORT]Ukraine LIVE: Erdogan slammed for wasting 'NATO card' in botched plot [LIVE]Ashen-faced Prince Andrew seen for first time since Maxwell sentencing [PICTURES] The book has been billed as “an inspiring, courageous and uplifting human story” while Prince Harry said he was not writing as a Prince, but as “the man he has become”. He said: "I’m writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become. "I’ve worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story - the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned - I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think. "I’m deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I’ve learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a first-hand account of my life that’s accurate and wholly truthful." 