The Russian President launched his brutal attack in February but it has not gone to plan and Sweden and Finland look set for NATO membership. President Vladimir Putin has made regular threats against Russia's Scandinavian neighbours since then as fears mount about what the strongman might do next. Express.co.uk looks at the Russian leader's threats to Sweden since Moscow has ramped up tension between Moscow and Stockholm. Military planes from Russia violated Swedish airspace earlier this month in a chilling warning against Russia’s neighbours. Two fighter jets accompanied a signal reconnaissance plane north of Visby on June 9 without reporting the approach. The tactic is a common one from Russia and in February this year, RAF jets were scrambled to intercept four Russian military aircraft flying north of Scotland. READ MORE: Ukraine: Putin hit by huge revolt The Russian President recently found inspiration in former tsar Peter the Great who fought against Sweden for 21 years. Mr Putin made the comments earlier this month when he said Russia returned its lands in the war and now it falls on the current generation to do so again. The warning increased fears that Putin could escalate his conflict to other states. After Russia invaded Ukraine the world watched in anticipation of how the NATO military alliance would respond. While its members separately supported Ukraine, Sweden and Finland sought to secure their own safety by applying for membership. In May, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov called it a mistake which will have “far-reaching consequences”, Interfax reported. DON'T MISS:Moscow in FLAMES: 'Suspicious' explosion as factory burns [INSIGHT]'Give up your palaces for migrants' Tory MPs demand of Archbishop [REACTION]Brexit POLL: Would YOU vote in a Brexit referendum on REJOINING EU? [POLL] Mr Putin’s ally Dmitry Medvedev did not mince his words after learning about Sweden and Finland’s NATO application. Speaking about the decision in April, the Deputy Chairman of Russia's Security Council said: "There can be no more talk of any nuclear-free status for the Baltic - the balance must be restored.” Russia has one of the biggest nuclear arsenal in the world and the comments heightened fears of nuclear war in Europe. Despite Moscow’s threats against Sweden, it is unlikely that the two countries will fight each other on the battlefield. Sweden’s NATO application and promises of military protection from western governments would cause a huge escalation and stretch Russia’s military too thinly. Threats against Sweden and other countries appear to be a Russian tactic to discourage other neutral countries from joining the military alliance.