John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner) left his adoptive son Jamie (Wes Bentley) completely blindsided at the end of Yellowstone season four when, despite years of refusing to enter the world of politics, the ranch leader was nominated to take over from Governor Lynelle Perry (Wendy Moniz). In yet another slap in the face to Jamie, John’s nomination hasn’t sealed his seat as governor just yet but with filming for season five of the Paramount Network hit underway, there are plenty of behind the scenes clues to suggest this will be the case. The cast and crew of Yellowstone were spotted in June filming outside the courthouse in Missoula, Montana. NBC Montana was on hand to capture some of the highlights from behind the scenes and shared the images on its Instagram page. The account captioned the clip: “@yellowstone Season 5 was for day 2 of filming in Missoula. On Wednesday, cast, extras, and crew were outside the county courthouse (including Kevin Costner). Locals and fans watched the action from across the street.” The compilation of clips from Yellowstone filming included road closure signs, hoards of cast and crew, eager fans watching from afar and even a shot of Costner donning a suit in character as John. READ MORE: Yellowstone’s Carter star debuts ‘unrecognisable’ new look While the behind the scenes compilation didn’t give too much away, eagle-eyed fans have seemingly worked out this could be from John’s swearing in ceremony once elected the new Governor of Montana. Taking to Reddit, a number of fans perused the new images to emerge from filming, with user Trayew commenting: “Looks like the Governor’s race is settled.” And AnnaNonna agreed: “I think you're right. At first I thought it was a campaign event but then I noticed what appears to be a judge........now I think it was a swearing in ceremony.” Fellow Yellowstone fan reck961 suggested : “In the second pic, it looks like the judge is holding a book with both hands. You know like how you’d hold it for somebody if they were being sworn in.” While AmericanWanderlust referred to NBC Montana’s social media clip, saying: “If you pause and zoom at one point you can literally see Costner's hand on the bible and his right go up to take the oath of office. “Gahhhh. This seems like such a copout!” they fumed, seemingly unimpressed with the storyline. (Sic) Fans will have to wait until Yellowstone season five arrives to be sure as spoilers are being kept close to show bosses’ chests for now - but these first pictures certainly don’t bode well for Jamie’s chances of becoming governor. While NBC Montana was able to share shots from filming, a number of the cast and crew have also sparked excitement among the fandom with shots from the set of their own. DON'T MISS:Yellowstone’s Kayce Dutton star addresses reaction to Monica pregnancy1883’s Tim McGraw on finding filming with wife Faith Hill ‘tough’Yellowstone season 5 theory: Jamie to take over from Rip on ranch? Colby star Denim Richards shared a sneak peek at himself back on the Yellowstone Ranch with a quick selfie earlier this month. “Let’s go to work,” he captioned the snap alongside a cowboy emoji, soon following this up with a second selfie from the ranch. Elsewhere, the likes of Forrie J Smith, Cole Hauser, Ryan Bingham, Jen Landon and Ian Bohen got together for a sweet message to mark Memorial Day in the USA. All dressed in character, the Smith spoke to the camera as the cast paid honour to the nation’s servicemen and women. Smith spoke: “Hey, Yellowstone bunkhouse crew wanted to thank all our servicemen and women and veterans on this Memorial Holiday. “Thank you for your service and sacrifices. Amen, God bless,” he signed off before Landon chipped in with a “thank you”. The fifth season has already been given a release date too, with Sunday, November 13 penned in for the first episode of season five. Yellowstone season 5 premieres on the Paramount Network in the USA on Sunday, November 13. Seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Peacock in the USA now.Yellowstone seasons 1-3 will be available to stream on Paramount+ in the UK when the service launches later this year.