Red Bull boss Christian Horner has opened up on a recent meeting between team principals that descended into a 'sparky' affair in advance of this week's British Grand Prix. The meeting was understood to have taken place in Montreal at the Canadian Grand Prix weekend earlier this month, with Mercedes chief Toto Wolff reportedly becoming particularly irate over the course of discussions. A camera crew from Netflix was in attendance to film the meeting for the upcoming season of Drive to Survive, which offers a behind-the-scenes look into the world of F1. Horner has since revealed that he was not sure why things took a negative turn when quizzed on what happened by Sky Sports ahead of this weekend's race at Silverstone."It's impossible to say, really," said the Red Bull boss. "It did get a little bit sparky in the last meeting for no apparent reason but that's the world we live in now."With cameras following us around you never know, you might find yourself as a part of it as well." JUST IN: F1 icon Ted Kravitz's favourite driver, track and which team he'd join It remains to be seen whether the apparent off-track tensions between team bosses will threaten to boil over at the British Grand Prix after last year's controversial race saw Lewis Hamilton tangle with Max Verstappen on the very first lap. The Dutchman is currently sitting pretty at the top of the Drivers' Championship standings after a hugely impressive start to the season, but Horner is well aware that his momentum could shift at the drop of a hat if things go badly at Silverstone once again this weekend."We've had a hell of a run, we've won six on the bounce," he added. "Silverstone's a different challenge, it's a fast circuit with flowing corners and we've seen Ferrari, particularly at tracks like Barcelona, be very strong. "We're hearing of a big upgrade for Mercedes as well, but it's always great to race at Silverstone in front of our local crowd. It's a fantastic race and we're really looking forward to being there."He's [Verstappen] arriving back at Silverstone as the reigning champion, he's leading the Drivers' Championship and we've got a good lead in the Constructors' Championship but we know these things can turn around pretty quickly."We saw that last year. Our focus is on getting the best out of the weekend and the car and seeing where we fare against our opponents." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE