Through her marriage to Prince Charles, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall counts the Cambridge children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis and the Sussex children Archie and Lilibet, as her step-grandchildren. But she also has five grandchildren through her children Tom Parker Bowles and Laura Lopes: Lola, Frederick, Eliza, Gus and Louis. Camilla is a devoted grandmother, and in a recent interview, she touched upon her close relationship with all of her grandchildren.  To mark her 75th birthday this year, Camilla told British Vogue that she loves to "spoil" her grandchildren and that she frequently picks one granddaughter up from school when she is nearby to spend some quality time together. She said to the magazine's Giles Hattersley: “You know the nice thing about being a grandmother is that you can spoil them occasionally, give them more of the things that their parents forbid them to have. “One’s at a school very near my house, so when I am in Wiltshire and her parents are away, I can nip over and pick her up and take her home. "The girls are beginning to get into clothes and make-up and, you know, it’s rather frightening when you see them, coming out with pierced ears and a lot of new make-up and funny-coloured hair and stuff."  READ MORE: Netflix wants Harry and Meghan 'to explain why they were booed' In the interview, Camilla also touched upon how she texts one of her granddaughters every day about how they've scored on the popular online daily game, Wordle. She added: "It’s very nice getting a text. "We learn from very young people and they learn from us, too. That’s the way it’s always been.” In addition to texting and spending time together after school, reading is a big part of Camilla's royal work, and she has spoken about how she involves her grandchildren in the pastime too.   She told BBC Radio 4's Today programme last year she purchased books for all of her grandchildren for Christmas with their interests in mind. The Duchess said: “I have a granddaughter that’s very into Philip Pullman and she’s been through His Dark Materials, so I think I got her La Belle Sauvage and the twin boys, one I got Dracula and the other I put onto Lord of the Rings…so those are the children’s books." Prince Charles is obviously keen to impart this love of reading to his grandchildren too. A few years ago Camilla sang Charles praises, telling the Daily Mail of his storytelling style: “He does all the voices, because he is a brilliant mimic. “It’s really sweet. He’s extremely good with children. They love it.”  DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan 'kept under control' - Royal expert praises Camilla [INSIGHT]'Like ships passing in the night!' Camilla opens up about relationship [ANALYSIS]Royal POLL: Should Prince Charles wade in on UK migration plan? [POLL] She added: “I always think they are going to be wriggling around in bed, but they sit spellbound.” Camilla has spoken on several occasions in the past of her love of being a grandparent, and in the ITV documentary The Real Camilla: HRH The Duchess of Cornwall, she said a few years ago that she would "recommend [grandparenting] to everybody". She added: "It’s very nice because you haven’t got the full responsibility. "You can give them a wonderful time, spoil them, give them all the things their parents won’t allow them to have and then give them back again.”  