Death in Paradise is a BBC One staple and the TV series is set to return for a 12th season soon. In June 2022 it was announced the BBC and BritBox had commissioned a spin-off which will be set in the UK. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who has been cast so far. Kris Marshall played the show's lead detective from seasons three to six, before being replaced by Ardal O’Hanlon. Beyond Paradise will spotlight his return to being a DI in his home nation. The clumsy detective was taken on board to investigate the death of his predecessor, Richard Poole (Ben Miller). He stayed on the island until his wife informed him she was leaving him. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Kris Marshall to return as DI Humphrey Goodman In the second half of season six, Humphrey resigned so he could start a new life in London with his girlfriend Martha Lloyd. Marshall is a 49-year-old actor known for playing Nick Harper in My Family and Colin Frissell in Love Actually He is married to Hannah Dodkins and has two children. The star left Death in Paradise so he could spend more time with his family. His son was about to start school and he was not able to take his family out to film with him. Martha and Humphrey formed a romantic relationship whilst she was on holiday in Saint Marie. The pair had been speaking online but Martha ended up moving in with him for a few weeks. In season six, she returned to London, leaving Humphrey heartbroken. He went out to visit her whilst in London and declared his love for her. He intended to move back to London so the pair could be together. DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise's Tobi Bakare refused to tell bosses he knew co-star [INSIGHT] When will Death in Paradise return? [EXPLAINER] Death in Paradise star details moment he decided to quit acting [INTERVIEW] Martha is played by Sally Bretton, a 42-year-old British actress known for playing Lucy Adams in Not Going Out. She has also starred in Green Wing and The Office, as well as Night and Day. A description of the series reads: "One of the show’s most popular characters, the endearingly awkward and rather unconventional DI Humphrey Goodman, led the island’s police team in solving the most mysterious of murders. "However, when Humphrey fell hopelessly in love with island tourist Martha Lloyd, he decided to leave the sun-soaked paradise to follow her back to the colder climes of the United Kingdom. "Seeking a quieter life away from the stress of the city, Humphrey has taken a job as Detective Inspector in fiancée Martha’s hometown. "However, they soon find that country life is anything but peaceful, and Humphrey can’t help but be distracted by the town’s surprisingly high crime rate with a new, and very different, case challenging him each week.” According to Deadline, the idea for a spin-off has been floating around for several years. BritBox Chief Creative Officer Diederick Santer described the series as a “no brainer”. No other cast announcements have been made at this moment in time.  Beyond Paradise will air on the BBC and BritBox.