The Co-op Chilli & Lime Protein Crunch could be a possible health risk for people with an allergy or intolerance to milk, and therefore it has been recalled. The Chilli & Lime Protein Crunch pack size 120g is the affected item. The presence of milk is not mentioned on its label. The affected product's best before date is August 15, 2022, and September 26, 2022. The risk statement from the Food Standards Agency reads: "This product contains milk, making it a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents." READ MORE: Mike Tindall's 'closeness to William created a dilemma' with Sussexes  Co-op has recalled the product from consumers. The supermarket said customers can contact the relevant allergy support organisations as they are aware of the recall. Co-op has also issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers. The notices explain to shoppers why the product is being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the product.  The Food Standards Agency advised: "If you have bought the above product and have an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents, do not eat it." Instead, it recommended "returning it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund". Shoppers can also contact Co-op’s Customer Careline on 0800 0686 727 or email customer.careline@coop.co.uk. But why are products recalled?  READ MORE: Meghan's 'firm' gesture to Harry - 'Signals of anxiety' Sometimes there is a problem with a food product and it can't be sold. The food item is then taken off the shelves or "recalled". This is when customers are asked to return the product. Products have to be recalled sometimes if there is a risk to consumers. It could be because the allergy labelling is missing or incorrect or due to allergy risk. The supermarket recently recalled another popular product: the Co-op Tuna Chunks in Sunflower Oil and Co-op Tuna Chunks in Springwater. This is because they may contain pieces of metal. Pack size: Three x 145g Best before: August 31, 2026