Sam Ryder became a household name following his Eurovision Song Contest triumph for the United Kingdom. Since the competition ended, the Essex-born singer has performed at the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations and has joined the cast of Celebrity Gogglebox. A music expert has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about what the future hold for the Space Man singer.  Sam, who lives in Maldon, boasts an impressive 13 million TikTok followers and he has more than 100 million likes on his videos. His social media presence was well established before his Eurovision Song Contest performance which is what Sigurdur Arnason, the co-founder of a musical content creation tool for social media called Overtune, believes contributed to his success. His TikTok audience has continued to grow and the singer has appeared as a guest on dozens of shows since coming second place in the singing contest. Sam, who has become renowned for his cheerful personality as well as his powerful vocals, made his Celebrity Gogglebox debut last Friday night to the delight of fans. READ MORE: NCIS’ Michael Weatherly announces new venture after Bull Talking about the key to Sam's stardom, Sigurdur told Express.co.uk: “Sam Ryder’s social media following certainly contributed towards his success in Turin. "The Eurovision Song Contest has transformed from being focused on songwriting alone to being more about the overall performance - including staging, dancers and even costume. "Some might even say it’s become a popularity contest. "But it’s no surprise that a TikTok star came in second place, as he was able to create a buzz around his song entry before the performance itself, which was then really well received both with audiences live in Turin and watching on TV around Europe.”  Discussing how musicians stand out from the crowd on platforms like TikTok, which has about one billion users, he explained: “Social media platforms have been instrumental in launching the careers of many performers and dancers in recent years." He said the music industry is having to adapt to the rise of social media as it is how many singers are finding fame. He added: "If singers/musicians - or simply creative people - can utilise these platforms for the purpose of launching their careers, then there is no limit on how big in terms of internet fame future musicians will become. "One thing is sure: stardom will not be found through three-minute-long audio tracks played on the radio, as it was before.” DON'T MISS...Sam Ryder made UK Eurovision history with major award  [UPDATE]Eurovision's Sam Ryder on ‘surreal’ friendship with Jamie Lee Curtis [INSIGHT]Royal Family watched and ‘supported’ Eurovision Song Contest [LATEST] Sam has expressed his love for Gogglebox in the past and Channel 4 viewers were thrilled when they discovered he had joined the cast for the latest series. When asked what the future holds for the 32-year-old singer, Sigurdur exclaimed: “I hope he will continue to create videos for TikTok as well as furthering his professional music career. "When there is so much content available at people’s fingertips, and new content being made every single day, the world can forget quickly - so creators need to continue to react to new trends and share new ideas. "Sam Ryder is an example of how keeping up your social following can impact your real life in a positive way.”  The co-founder of the Iceland-born app also said it felt right to have Sam perform as part of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations last weekend where he belted out his hit song Space Man to huge crowds. He sang at the Party at the Palace concert last Saturday night alongside George Ezra, Andrea Bocelli, Hans Zimmer and Rod Stewart. The singer has recently added more dates to his European tour in Poland and Austria. Celebrity Gogglebox continues on Friday at 9pm on Channel 4. 