Next month, James May will return with a new instalment of his Amazon Prime series, Our Man In Italy. The Grand Tour host will take viewers across the pond where he will explore what Italy has to offer. James will visit some of the country's iconic landmarks, as well as trying out some of its traditions. The series will see James take on the Sicilian capital of Palermo to the peaks of the Dolomites. During his trip, the former Top Gear star will discover the culture, food, industry, and even a bit of sport. In a first-look clip of the series, James got himself into a spot of bother after taking on several challenges in Italy. The beginning of the clip shows the host on a boat sipping wine, however, things quickly take a turn when he smashes a glass. READ MORE: Jane McDonald sparks frenzy with 'exciting' career announcement "Hello viewers or should I say Buongiorno," James said in the voiceover. "Yes, I am in Italy uncovering the secrets of the sweet life. Let's do that." As the trailer showed James flying in a helicopter and making his own cheese, he said: "There are things I'd like to do in Italy and things the producer and the director think I should do in Italy." At that moment, James let out a shriek as he almost capsized while in a canoe. He also tried his hand at making a full-English pizza, which horrified one of the Italian chefs. "I am speechless," the chef sighed as he watched James crack an egg on top of his pizza. The 59-year-old looked horrified as he was forced to dress in two fancy dress outfits, including a Viking suit with the full make-up. "Why did we agree to this?" an unhappy James asked the producers. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star details moment he decided to quit acting [INSIGHT]Royal expert erupts in angry row over Prince Andrew [VIDEO]Downton Abbey’s Joanne Froggatt pays tribute to Sherwood co-star [NEWS] "I hope that was as enjoyable for you to watch as it was for me to experience," he added as the clip came to an end. "But I bet it wasn't." When James' show was renewed last year, the series was thrown into jeopardy because of the coronavirus pandemic. He was initially meant to take viewers to America, but because of restrictions, show bosses had to change their plans at the last minute. At the time, the presenter took to Twitter to share the news with his followers, he said: “We recently announced that the second season of my Amazon series, Our Man in, I was going to be going to the USA and that was going to be awesome. “But, unfortunately having made that announcement, we now discovered that we can’t go, for various complicated and rather boring reasons like Covid and Visas." James may be famous for his presenting stint on Top Gear and now, The Grand Tour, but his solo series quickly became a hit with viewers when it launched in 2019. Our Man in Japan went down a storm with fans as they watched him explore the country and share his enthusiasm for its culture. His journey took him on land, air and sea as he met some of Japan’s most interesting people, including one of the few samurai sword-makers left in the country. James May: Our Man in Italy launches on Prime Video on July 15.