The fire broke out at around 3pm on June 8 in the municipality of Pujerra. The fire is similar to one that hit the area in September 2021. Around 140 firefighters were fighting the blaze on Wednesday and the authorities raised the alert level from one to two on Wednesday evening. Officials have also called for the military to be brought in to help tackle the terrifying Costa del Sol blaze. Juanma Moreno, the president of the Andalucian junta, tweeted that three firefighters had been injured in the fire. INFOCA, the official Twitter account of the Forest Fire extinction service tweeted: “During the extinction tasks, three firefighters have been injured, one of them with burns on 25 percent of his body, which has been transferred to Malaga hospital.” READ MORE: Busiest day for three years at UK airports as travel chaos continues Residents in Montemayor, Benahavis and Marbella Golf Club have been told to evacuate their homes. Security forces gave residents around an hour to get ready to leave and went from house to house to inform people. People are staying in marquees or nearby town halls while the fire continues to blaze. So far, thousands of people have been evacuated according to local officials. One witness, Salvador López Millán, told local media: “I saw the fire first at one point and then at another and soon the third appeared, there was a lot of smoke coming from three different sources.” Flames and smoke were visible from the popular tourist areas of Estepona and Marbella on Wednesday. High temperatures and strong winds in Malaga province created the conditions for the fire to spread. Charlotte Albutt tweeted: “We are currently in Isdabe where an ash cloud has begun to cover the sky and drop small pieces of ash.” Sinead Doran tweeted yesterday: “Plumes of apocalyptic smoke over Estepona this evening blocking the sun. Really strange light.” An information account ‘El Batefuegos’ warned people not to use drones to take photos of the fire. It tweeted: “The images from a drone are spectacular but remember they may not be flown into the airspace of a wildfire. “You can seriously interfere with air operations and put many lives at risk.” In another tweet it said: “Do not drive on the road if it is not strictly necessary. Free way for the evacuation of neighbours.” It said: “If your home is nearby it is recommended to keep an eye on the evolution of the fire. “Prepare for a possible preventive eviction. Anticipation is an opportunity for success.” Residents and tourists in the area are advised to follow advice of local authorities.