The Royal Family is expected to be out in full force when the pomp and pageantry of Garter Day returns to Windsor Castle on Monday. Traditionally the Queen leads other knights in a procession while wearing elaborate velvet robes, and a service is held at St George's Chapel, Windsor. Several members of the Royal Family have been inducted into the Most Noble Order of the Garter during the Queen's reign. The Queen has several working royals that support her with her public duties, but a few of them are yet to be received into the Most Noble Order of the Garter, including: The Duchess of Cambridge is yet to be given the same honour her husband Prince William holds, but the Queen has recognised her loyal service in other ways. READ MORE: Princess Anne's husband leaves crowd in stitches with joke  The Queen appointed Kate a Dame Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order (GCVO) in 2019. She had previously been bestowed the Royal Family Order of Queen Elizabeth II in 2017. Similarly, the Countess of Wessex was made a Dame Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order in 2010, as was the Duchess of Gloucester, the wife of the Queen's cousin Prince Richard, in 1989. The Queen is the Sovereign of the Order of the Garter, while her son and heir, the Prince of Wales, is a Royal Knight Companion of the Order of the Garter. Prince William became the 1,000th Knight of the Garter when he was appointed in 2008.  Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall was granted the prestigious honour in 2022 and she joins the following royals in the Order: The Most Noble Order of the Garter is an order of chivalry with a long history in Britain. Established by King Edward III of England in 1348, the Order of the Garter is incredibly exclusive and appointments are made at the discretion of the Queen. Knights and Ladies Companion of the Order are restricted to just 24, and the former prime minister Tony Blair was most recently appointed in 2022 alongside Baroness Amos, the former leader of the House of Lords. DON'T MISS:Will Prince Louis get a royal title? The age-long tradition explained [INSIGHT]Defining pictures from every decade of Prince Philip's life [PICTURES]Camilla put her stamp on royal wedding outfit in three key ways [ANALYSIS]   Stranger Knights and Ladies Companion, or Extra Knights and Ladies Companion, includes royals from across the world in an honourary capacity. In 2018 King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands was appointed, and the year prior King Felipe VI of Spain was given the honour. Queen Margrethe II of Denmark was the first appointee of the Queen's reign in 1979. Former and current kings and queens of Sweden, Spain, the Netherlands and Norway have been appointed in the past, as was Emperor Emeritus Akihito of Japan in 1998. 