Chelsea have been told that a move for Barcelona winger Ousmane Dembele would be a “no-brainer” as the Frenchman is available on a free transfer this summer. The winger’s contract at the Nou Camp expires this month and Dembele has been linked with a move to Chelsea. Former Blues full-back Glen Johnson believes it would make sense for Thomas Tuchel’s side to move for Dembele. “I believe it’s a no-brainer.” Johnson told bettingodds.com. “You’ve got to do some clever business. You can’t just go out and spend top dollar for all the best players. “If you can get players on the cheap or on a free then it makes absolute sense. You have to think, what would Dembele cost if he had four years left on his contract? So yes, I think if that sort of deal becomes available then you have to jump at it.” Dembele will become a free contract this summer, five years after his blockbuster move from Borussia Dortmund to Barcelona and Chelsea are reportedly the favourites for his signature, but he has also been touted to Manchester United, Liverpool and Paris Saint-Germain. The 25-year-old has had a disappointing spell in Spain, but since club legend Xavi took over as manager in November he has had a positive effect on Dembele. The Frenchman recorded 13 assists in 21 La Liga games this season. In what could be a very busy summer for Chelsea, Johnson also expects Romelu Lukaku to leave the club after a disappointing first season since his £97.5million move from Inter Milan. “I personally would want to go again next season and prove myself,” Johnson said, “but I feel with Lukaku that he’s had a whole season to show that sort of courage and he hasn’t. “I can’t see anything changing next season. If he was the sort of player that can stand up and show courage next season, then I think we would have already seen hints of that. “I can see him settling elsewhere because if he has that type of courage to bounce back in pre-season, then he should have had the courage to bounce back during his first season. I don’t see him bouncing back next season, so maybe a move somewhere else is best for both parties.” Lukaku scored eight goals in 26 Premier League appearances, and has been linked with a move back to Inter. There have also been rumours that the Belgian striker would be open to a reunion with Antonio Conte, who coached him in Italy as the pair won the Serie A title together. The Italian manager has reportedly reached out to Lukaku’s camp, but it remains to be seen whether Chelsea would be open to letting Lukaku move across London.