Everton are confident of landing former Burnley defender James Tarkowski in their first summer swoop, according to reports. The England international will leave relegated Burnley when his contract expires at the end of June, allowing the Toffees to complete a free transfer. Frank Lampard is desperate to inject his Everton squad with quality this summer after flirting with relegation until the final week of the Premier League season. The Merseyside outfit finished 16th in the top-flight and Lampard is keen for a far better season next term. Defensive reinforcements are a priority for Lampard having seen his side concede a whopping 66 goals in 38 top-flight outings. He has targeted Tarkowski, who was part of a Burnley back four who operated with a staunch defence and only conceded 54 goals last term despite suffering the drop into the Championship. The 29-year-old centre-back made 35 Premier League appearances but Burnley were relegated on the final day after losing 3-1 against Newcastle. Everton are set to fend off plenty of competition to sign Tarkowski on a free transfer. JUST IN: Arsenal choose 'priority' from three targets with decision days away According to the Daily Star, Lampard will get his first big victory of the transfer window by beating Newcastle and Aston Villa to the signing of Tarkowski. A couple of key advantages have worked in Everton’s favour to ensure they capture the twice-capped Three Lions international. The first is that rivals Villa have just spent £29million to sign Diego Carlos from Sevilla. Lampard’s former England partner Gerrard has already spent big since the season ended two weeks ago, with Carlos one of three major arrivals. In addition, Tarkowski is keen to remain in the north-west of England after leaving Burnley. He previously played for Oldham Athletic  and joined the Clarets from west London-based Brentford. Capturing Tarkowski will mark Lampard’s first foray into the summer market after a slightly disappointing January window. Winter deadline day signings Dele Alli and Donny van de Beek failed to make an impact at Goodison Park, with the latter returning to Manchester United following his loan spell. DON'T MISS.Everton's Jordan Pickford ready to lead England to World Cup gloryDominic Calvert-Lewin's view on joining Man Utd, Arsenal or NewcastleNewcastle 'prepare Calvert-Lewin bid' to rival Man Utd and Arsenal Everton are unlikely to spend vast amounts ahead of next season given the £250m losses the club has recorded over the last two seasons. Chief backer Alisher Usmanov has been sanctioned by the government over alleged ties to Vladimir Putin, limiting a key source of income. Selling either of star forwards Richarlison or Dominic Calvert-Lewin could provide a vital cash injection. Both have been linked with transfers away from Everton, with the Brazilian revealing on international duty that he has already told Lampard where he stands about his future. “I’ve already made it clear to the board. I’ve talked to Lampard with my agents and they know what I want. Let’s wait for June,” Richarlison told journalists while on international duty. “Now I can’t talk because when we talk about leaving a club I’m kind of like this, because of the history I have at Everton, the affection that the fans have for me. When we talk about leaving I’m a little speechless.”