TUI originally cancelled holidays to Sri Lanka until the end of May. It had already extended the cancellations until June 12. The holiday company wrote on its website: “Due to the ongoing political and economic instability in Sri Lanka, the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office have advised against all but essential travel. “As a result, we’ve unfortunately had to cancel all holidays to Sri Lanka departing up to and including June 30, 2022. “We will be proactively contacting all impacted customers in departure date order to discuss their options. “Please note this advice does not apply to customers transiting through Sri Lanka’s international airport and customers currently in resort can continue to enjoy their holiday as planned. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares hotel room security tip “We will continue to monitor the situation and update customers should there be any further updates. “We would like to thank customers for their understanding at this time.” The Foreign Office has already issued advice for Britons to avoid all but essential travel to Sri Lanka. The advice states: “The Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office (FCDO) advises against all but essential travel to Sri Lanka, due to ongoing political and economic instability. "This advice does not apply to airside transit through Sri Lanka’s international airport." Britons can continue to transit through Sri Lanka’s airport but are advised against holidaying in the country. Sri Lanka is dealing with a period of unrest with shortages of many basic necessities including medicines. The country is also struggling with shortages of cooking gas, fuel and food and there may be long queues at shops. Since the end of March, there have been a number of protests in Sri Lanka which could take place all over the island. The Government could impose restrictions such as a curfew at very short notice and tourists should avoid any protests. The State of Emergency in Sri Lanka has been lifted but some military are still on the streets. Tourists are advised to carry their passport at all times in case they need to show identification. TUI passengers will be contacted by the company if their holiday is impacted by the cancellations. It is as yet unknown whether the cancellations will continue into July if the situation in Sri Lanka does not improve. Sri Lanka is a popular tourist destination and many people visit the country’s beaches each year. It is a world-class surfing destination and also has many incredible ancient sites to explore.