The suspect, in his 40s, was detained by the Metropolitan Police at Gatwick Airport in West Sussex on Monday evening. A Scotland Yard spokesman said: “We can confirm that officers from the Met’s Counter Terrorism Command arrested a man in his 40s at Gatwick Airport on Monday 13 June on suspicion of offences under Section One of the Official Secrets Act 1911. “He has been taken to a London police station, where he currently remains in police custody. “Inquiries continue.” Section One of the Act relates to information contained within notes, plans or sketches which may be “useful to an enemy state”. The man was set to catch an outbound flight when he was arrested. A source told the Sun: "The suspect is believed to have been in the UK spying on behalf of the Putin regime. “He was kept under observation and arrested as he arrived at Gatwick to try and fly out of the country.’’ He was taken to Hammersmith police station, West London. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Pope sparks furious backlash - West PROVOKED war In March, the UK and allies exposed “historic malign cyber activity” of Russia’s Federal Security Service (FSB), the successor agency to the KGB. In a Government press release, the National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC) assessed it is almost certain that the FSB’s Centre 16 are also known by their hacker group pseudonyms of ‘Energetic Bear’, ‘Berserk Bear’ and ‘Crouching Yeti’, and conducted a malign programme of cyber activity, targeting critical IT systems and national infrastructure in Europe, the Americas and Asia. They were indicted by the FBI for targeting the systems controlling the Wolf Creek nuclear power plant in Kansas, US in 2017 but failed to have any negative impact. It comes after Russia's foreign ministry warned the West on Thursday cyber attacks against its infrastructure risked leading to direct military confrontation. In a statement, the foreign ministry said Russia's critical infrastructure and state institutions were being hit by cyberattacks and pointed to figures in the United States and Ukraine as being responsible. It said: “Rest assured, Russia will not leave aggressive actions unanswered. “All our steps will be measured, targeted, in accordance with our legislation and international law.” Meanwhile, Victor Zhora, deputy head of Ukraine's State Special Communications Service, said phones being used by the country's public servants have been targeted by Russian agents. She said at an online press conference: “We see a lot of attempts to hack Ukrainian officials' phones, mainly with the spreading of malware.” Ms Zhora confirmed there was no evidence that Ukrainian devices have been compromised so far.