Sharron Davies, a former swimmer who competed in the Olympics, said that the state-backed endorsement of the concept of self-identification would only make matter worse for female athletes. Mara Yamauchi, a former runner, told on Thursday, along with Sharron, of her concerns about the impact the new plans could have on female athletes.  The plan will allow people to change their legal sex by signing a declaration, with the pair claiming it will have a significant impact on sporting fairness. The former Olympians warned that the women’s sport is already at risk of being ruined by male-bodied athletes competing in female categories and said that a state-backed endorsement for the concept of self-identification would only make matters worse. Davies also claimed that female athletes currently competing were “scared” to speak out against the issue and accused the SNP of only consulting about trans issues with people who already agreed with its agenda. Susan Smith, a retired athlete, also voiced her concerns at a For Women Scotland event.  Davies said at the event: “I do think the SNP have to be very, very careful here because they are not asking the right people. “They’re asking the people they want to hear the answers from. “As much as I believe people are entitled to identify however they like, a feeling can never trump a fact. “No one ever asks the feelings of the girls who are left behind. Feelings are not what we should be basing laws and rules on. Self-ID is causing massive problems”. READ MORE: Malta makes huge post-Brexit passport U-turn for Britons   Supporters of the SNP reform have insisted the bill will have no such impact on sport, as individual governing bodies will be able to exclude trans athletes to preserve fair competition. But Mara, who competed in the 2008 Beijing Olympics, said the changes would send “the completely wrong message” and would make organisations reluctant to exclude trans individuals. She added: “My question for Scottish parliamentarians is this. There will be talented, hardworking Scottish girls out there right now, who could become the sports stars of the future and win medals for Scotland. Are you happy for them to quit sport altogether because they have no chance of winning against male-bodied people? “Self-ID is causing massive problems in women’s sport now. It is already, in practice, very difficult for sports clubs and officials to turn away any male who demands to participate in women’s sport. A large increase in the number of males in possession of a GRC will simply make this situation worse.” DON'T MISS:Boris Johnson's Tory plotters revel with glee as they twist knife [INSIGHT]Sturgeon skewered over referendum plot as thousands dying  [COMMENT]Brexit POLL: Should the UK withdraw from the ECHR? [POLL]  Both former athletes said they have been in contact with other female athletes who have expressed concerns but felt unable to raise the issue publicly. Davies added: “I would love to see more people coming out and speaking out. But it’s difficult when you have governing bodies, and sponsors, telling them to be quiet and they’re only just making enough money to pay their bills.” The event in Edinburgh was organised by For Women Scotland, and was attended by three Tory MSPs. A Scottish Government spokesman said: “Sports governing bodies set their own rules for participation of trans people, under the Equality Act 2010, and also provide for exceptions to be made in relation to sports and games where physical strength, stamina or physique of average persons of one sex would put them at a disadvantage. “The Gender Recognition Bill does not change the Equality Act in any way. The Bill also makes no changes to rules for women’s sport whether professional, amateur or in schools.” 