‘Fiery’ Friday will see Britain hotter than Barbados as a 600 mile-wide ‘Spanish swelter’ of air takes hold. Weathermen believe it could break June’s previous hottest day record set back in the heat-wave of 1976 - 35.6C (96F), though this remains to be seen.  The government and groups representing older people issued warnings as the temperatures soared, with weathermen predicting that the mini-heatwave will last at least into early next week. Age UK said there were a whole raft of very simple measures the elderly could adopt to avoid suffering ill health as a result of the unusually balmy conditions. These included: not spending too much time outside at the hottest time of the day (11am-3pm) when the sun is at its strongest and keeping in the shade wherever possible. In addition, the charity said it was a good idea for the elderly to carry a bottle of water when venturing out and and to also always wear a sun hat. In addition, older people should keep an eye on the forecast and look after their skin, applying regularly a sun cream of at least SPF15. Caroline Abrahams, Charity Director at Age UK, said: “Most of us are looking forward to some warmer weather as the week goes on, but with temperatures set to shoot up in many parts of the country Age UK is urging older people to take some simple precautions, particularly if they have breathing problems or a heart condition. “Older people can be at risk of dehydration and overheating when it gets hot, especially if they live somewhere that is hard to keep cool, so it’s a good idea to let people know if you have any concerns about yourself, especially if you live alone. For the rest of us, checking in on older relatives and neighbours is a nice idea – for example, you may have an extra fan you can lend, and the offer of an ice cream when it is sweltering will usually be appreciated too.  Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “Taking simple steps to keep cool during the hottest parts of the day is a good idea. At these times it’s best to remain indoors, wear thin, light clothing, drink plenty of fluids and eat normally, but perhaps more cold food than usual, particularly salads and fruit which contain a lot of water and help us stay hydrated. “We know that extreme heat can aggravate lung and heart conditions, so our advice is to take care and if you are breathless, even after you have rested, to seek medical advice. The symptoms of heat exhaustion can be similar to Covid-19 and include a high temperature, excessive sweating and pale, clammy skin and headaches so if you experience any of these symptoms make sure you self-isolate, drink water and call 111 for advice.” The advice was issued, alongside the first Government heatwave alert of summer, because of the dangers heat can pose to the elderly. Some 3,000 excess UK deaths were recorded during heatwaves in 2021, Public Health England figures show. Dr Vikki Thompson, climate scientist at the University of Bristol Cabot Institute for the Environment, said: “Heatwaves are one of the most deadly natural hazards, in the UK 3,000 deaths were linked to heatwaves in 2021. “The health issues related to heat include direct effects, such as heat stroke and cardiovascular failure, and indirect effects including poorer mental health and an increase in accidents such as car crashes and drownings.” And as the country continued to bask, amid the baking ‘Spanish plume’ of air that has moved over the UK from the continent, the Met Office warned that even warmer conditions would be seen on Friday - possibly record breaking.  A Met Office forecaster said: “Friday is likely to reach the low to mid-30s across large parts of central and southern England.” Met Office forecaster Marco Petagna said: “Friday is all about temperature watch.” Another Met Office forecaster Dan Rudman, added; “Many parts of the southern half of the UK are likely to exceed 30C, and may reach 34C in places.” ‘Fiery Friday’ could yet prove the hottest June day ever, as other forecasters predicted temperatures would edging close to the month’s 35.6C (96F) record. Even the North of the country is set to see temperature break through 30C. A spokesman for Netweather said: “Some forecast maps runs show 36C, which would be the June record.” The Weather Outlook forecaster Brian Gaze said: “Computer models have 35-36C maximum temperatures.” Bookmakers said they were now taking bets on it being the hottest June day. Coral spokesman Harry Aitkenhead said: “The June record is firmly under threat. It’s around a 50/50 call as to whether history record books are rewritten.” The 35.6C June record was set in the famous 1976 heatwave summer, on June 28 in Southampton, matching a record previously set on June 29, 1957, in London. Records began in 1841. 