Carol Kirkwood has recalled her first date with her now-fiance following her divorce from her husband of 18 years. The BBC Breakfast weather presenter, 60, announced last week that she was engaged to her mystery man boyfriend, Steve, after being questioned by her BBC colleagues live on air. In an unearthed interview, the star recalled the first time she met her beau. Carol said: "We [saw] each other at first sight. I think he's very handsome. "He gave me his phone number and didn't presume to ask me for mine." She added that their relationship got off to a slow start as they only chatted over the phone for a while. READ MORE: A Place In The Sun presenter Danni Menzies shares racy bedroom selfie Carol explained: "We didn't meet for ages afterwards, although we spoke on the phone quite a bit. "So we got to know each other over the phone at first." She went on to reflect on their first date, revealing that he was more anxious than she was. "He was really nervous when I met him for coffee and we just hit it off," she told The Birmingham Post. Last Monday, Carol announced that she is engaged to her boyfriend, Steve. It comes after the BBC Breakfast presenter confirmed she was dating last June. Carol made the announcement while she was presenting live from the Chelsea Flower Show while sporting a new ring on her left hand. It prompted her BBC colleagues Sally Nugent and Jon Kay to probe the weather star over the jewellery, at which point Carol announced the news. DON'T MISS... John Cleese slams Jacob Rees-Mogg over taxpayer’s money [INSIGHT]Catherine Zeta Jones stuns in unearthed snaps with Sir David Jason [ANALYSIS]Robert De Niro, 78, seen on set of film with 'rumoured love interest' [UPDATE] Carol's former BBC colleague Dan Walker was one of the first to congratulate the star on her exciting news. In view of his 759,000 followers, Dan shared a candid photo alongside Carol who cheekily had her arms wrapped around his neck. The former Football Focus presenter hinted he would return to BBC Breakfast if the weather forecaster decided to tie the knot on-screen. He penned: "Carol Kirkwood is the best of us. Delighted she has found someone who can handle her headlock hugs. Congratulations Carol. "If you get married live on #BBCBreakfast can I come back for a one off? @carolkirkwood." In an earlier post, he wrote: "Wonderful! Congratulations to Carol & Steve. THE BEST NEWS!" Since splitting from cricketer and field hockey player Jimmy Kirkwood in 2008, the star has lived in her Maidenhead home. The two were married for 18 years from 1990 until 2008.