In honour of Her Majesty's upcoming Platinum Jubilee, yesterday's episode of the BBC television show (May 31) was filmed at Exeter's Westpoint Arena, and heavily featured royal memorabilia. However, an incident during the show left viewers "fuming". The Red Team from the episode, which originally aired in May 2019, consisted of couple Tina and Dennis, who were helped out by Philip Serrell, while friends Jordan and Jack donned the blue Bargain Hunt fleeces and were assisted by Catherine Southon. However, some viewers argued the latter expert should be 'banned' from the show, after causing the blue team to lose a substantial amount of money at Westpoint Arena. After scooping a pair of novelty kangaroo napkin holders and a vesta case complete with built-in sovereign holder, the Blue Team had just a few minutes left on the clock to buy one last item for auction when they came across a dealer selling an antique bird scarer. According to Devon Live, the pair managed to purchase the scarer for £65, and shook hands with the dealer before things went terribly wrong. Catherine did not try the scarer out before it was purchased, and decided to, unlike her peers, try it after buying it. Although Catherine prepared herself for the loud rattling noise as she swung the scarer around, she was not prepared for the antique to snap, with part of it flying onto the floor. "Oh my god!" She exclaimed, "Oh great, why did that happen? What did I do?  "I mean, I did what you're supposed to do. I can't believe this; this is the worst thing that's ever happened."  After Catherine broke the object, the seller attempted to save the day. He said: "We could put it right, we've got a very good workshop. If I say [it will cost] £20, if it costs more then I'll stand the difference but we'll put it right." Unfortunately, the day could not be saved. After paying £85 for the item and its restoration, Jack and Jordan got only £45 at auction for the scarer, and made an overall loss across all four items, including Catherine's bonus buy, of £98. Although Jack and Jordan appeared to take the loss quite well, angry Bargain Hunt fans have since demanded that Catherine is axed from the show. Andy Gibson wrote: "Catherine Southon should be banned from @BBCBargainHunt after breaking an item she clearly isn't sorry about. That's someone's livelihood and she's making jokes like it's no big deal. Anyone else would be made to pay full price."  He then added: "I feel bad for the blue team because I want them to lose due to Catherine Southon. Perhaps @BBCBargainHunt can have them on again at a later date with an expert who isn't going to break things." Meanwhile, others argued that the team should not have been made to foot the repair bill. Carl Draper said: "The team should not suffer for the stupid expert breaking the item." DJ Fyne added: "The £20 repair fee should be dropped as wasn't the team's fault." Arguably, Catherine did look upset after breaking the rattle, and offered to take Jack and Jordan out for food or a beer to make up for her mistake. The Red Team ultimately took the Bargain Hunt crown, after making a profit of £35, even after rejecting their bonus buy. 