In order to stop receiving hefty fines for charging electric cars, motorists across the UK should “follow the rules” laid out by car parks and motorway services, according to a motoring expert. EV owners were also urged to stop using motorway chargers for more than two hours. Express.co.uk has previously reported several instances where EV owners were fined for charging or waiting to charge their cars. Most recently, an owner of Jaguar I-PACE received a big fine after he waited in a queue to charge his car at a motorway service station after all chargers were occupied. Richard Stewart, 64, was handed a £100 fine after he waited in a queue to charge his car. The pest control company boss waited for almost an hour to charge his vehicle as all the available chargers were occupied by fellow motorists. READ MORE: Tourist given three fines for parking in middle of market square The Jaguar driver received a parking fine for breaking the two-hour stay limit at the service station. Mr Stewart’s charging ordeal took him 20 minutes over the allowed stay. He said: "They want everyone to go electric and then you get penalised. I've tried to do the right thing but even that isn't good enough, it seems. “It takes around 70 minutes to charge and some cars take longer than that I think. If you get there just as someone else is plugging in and wait you are there for more than two hours.” DON'T MISS Cost of fuel is crippling driving instructors [REVEAL]London parking space costs same as three-bed house [SHOCKING] Fury as petrol hits £2 in parts of the UK [INSIGHT] Speaking about the issue, Olly Jones, the Co-founder at elmo, exclusively told Express.co.uk: “This is an annoyance for some drivers, but ultimately comes down to education. “You won’t be fined if you follow the rules - and if that means you have to go into a hotel car park reception to give your reg number then you should do it! “The bright side of this is that there are some locations where you can park and charge for free in your EV. “In general, drivers should not be using the types of public charging stations in car parks and motorways for more than two hours anyway. “Chargers in these locations are designed to be used as convenient top-up points rather than ‘fill the tank’ facilities. “If everyone used them appropriately as top-ups, it would help avoid queues and congestion as people hunt around for an accessible charger. “In line with this point on charging etiquette, drivers should unplug and vacate as soon as they have enough charge to complete their trip, especially when above 80 percent - as the battery fills up more slowly anyway from there. “To avoid waiting for a charger, apps like ZapMap can be really useful as they give users live availability of a charger so drivers can plan their stop accordingly.” An average 64kWh car will take around one hour to add 80 percent at a 50kW charging station. However, times can vary significantly depending on the speed of the charger, the size of the car’s battery, and the car’s starting charge level. Jack Cousens, head of roads policy for the AA, added to the debate saying: "It is unfair some EV drivers are being penalised for errors outside of their control."