This weekend, Baz Luhrmann’s long-awaited biopic of Elvis Presley, starring rising star Austin Butler, was released. The new film focuses on The King’s relationship with his controversial manager Colonel Tom Parker, who some fans believe made him the music icon he was, while others believe he held back the singer leading to his untimely demise. When cast in the role, Tom Hanks ended up having dinner with Elvis’ ex-wife Priscilla Presley who asserted that the Colonel wasn’t the villain some make him out to be. Speaking on Kermode and Mayo’s Take, Hanks said: “One of the things that had occurred is that my wife is good friends, well my wife knows Priscilla Presley from women's cancers events. And they ran into each other at a restaurant in Los Angeles. And Priscilla knew that I was doing this. And she said, ‘Oh my God, Tom's playing the Colonel and this thing, I hope it goes well!’  And Rita says, ‘Why don’t you come up to the house and we'll talk?’ And she did along with Jerry Schilling, who is one of the original Memphis Mafia guys. He knew Elvis back at Humes High School. That's how far back they go.” The 65-year-old was expecting a lot of negativity surrounding The Colonel, only to be totally surprised. Hanks continued: “I was prepared to hear horror stories of, as I was familiar, of the Colonel, how he was manipulative, how he was a puppet master, how he was evil and how he was a Rasputin and both Priscilla and Jerry said ‘the Colonel was one of the most delightful men I've ever met. He was caring!’ Was he a carny? And was he cheap? Can't really call him a crook, but was he fast and loose with some of the profits and some of the money? Yes. And when the time came, we got it all out from them. But in the day, he always said ‘yes’, he always had a sunny attitude and he brightened up every room that he walked into.’ And this was completely contrary to not only what I had heard, but also sort of to the direction that we were going. And Baz and the myriad of writers had created one of those kinds of relatively understandable show business sagas of a one-of-a-kind artist with a manipulative manager. And that's what we were going to go off and make.  And when Priscilla and both Jerry said ‘you have to understand this about the Colonel. He was not Elvis's manager. He was Elvis's promoter.’ The Colonel did not have an, an, an artistic bone in his body.” READ MORE: Elvis Presley co-star Barbara Eden says their film 'didn't make money' Hanks believes this reassessment of The Colonel, which the pandemic gave the production time to adjust to, ended up impacting the finished product. The Oscar winner said: “He did not care about the music. He cared about the deal. He got the same pleasure about taking $25 billion away from casinos in Las Vegas as he got from taking 25 cents away from somebody who bought a ticket to see dancing chickens, it was the same exact thing. So Baz and I had a protracted conversation about turning all the ‘No-no no-nos’ that the Colonel said to Elvis into ‘Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes’. And we ended up making a very different, from my perspective, a different sort of movie than what we would have if we had gone without COVID. So thank you, COVID!” Priscilla also shared with the star a unique aspect of Elvis’ character and more. DON'T MISSPaul McCartney on how Elvis inspired The Beatles to quit touring [PAUL MCCARTNEY]Elvis: The devastating real reason The King turned down A Star Is Born [A STAR IS BORN]Elvis: Lisa Marie's ‘very exciting’ memories of her first King concert [LISA MARIE] Hanks said: “Priscilla herself said, You have to understand this about my husband. He was Picasso. There was something genetically different about him that he only had an image for the translation of a song to an audience. He didn't care about business. He didn't care about an awful lot of things as far as even taking care of himself because they only really came true, I don't think it's too much to say that he only felt truly alive when he was performing in front of people. I think you could say that about Elvis… the thing about the Colonel, he never told anybody else, ‘Young man, I'll do for you what I did for Elvis Presley’, he handled Elvis Presley from the day he signed them to the day he died. There was no other client. And you can, you know, did he have the greatest taste in the world when it came down to the aesthetic that was Elvis? I'm going to say no…” Hanks added: “There’s this famous story about the early days of him handling Elvis and one of the first things he did was take him off television. As soon as everybody in America was talking about Elvis Presley, the Colonel said, ‘You will never do television again. You are never going to give away your talent for free. If anybody wants to hear you or see you, they're going to have to buy.’ That's brilliant because the saga was, he said, ‘last year before I represented my boy, he had a million dollars’ worth of talent. And this year he has a million dollars.’ That is a pretty basic understanding of the gospel according to Colonel Tom Parker." Elvis is out now in cinemas.