Roses flower from early summer in a variety of different colours including pink, peach, cream and yellow. Growing best in fertile, moisture-retentive soil, they also respond well to mulching and feeding. According to one expert, using banana peel can boost the nutrients a rose needs to survive. John Dempsey, gardening expert at Housetastic, told Express.co.uk: “Applying two or three banana peels to the soil will provide an advantage to newly planted roses. “You should put a chopped banana peel in the bottom of the hole before inserting the plant and mixing the rest with compost and soil around the new plant.” Banana peels provide many of the nutrients that roses need to thrive. This includes potassium, which can help the plant’s overall immune system. READ MORE: Homes Under the Hammer buyer transforms listed building for £14k Supporting the rose’s immune system can help it to fight off any disease. Peels are also a great source of calcium, magnesium, phosphates and sulphur. The expert added: “Watering the soil thoroughly afterwards will aid in the breakdown of the peels and will support new growth. “Putting a banana peel on the ground near the base of a rose plant is the simplest way to increase potassium levels. DON'T MISS:How to deter burglars this Jubilee weekend with ‘simple’ £1 deterrent [COMMENT]Gardening: Top plants to 'increase' your property’s value [EXPLAINER]I tried Astonish’s new cleaning paste - here's the results [PICTURES] “Chopping the peel first reduces the time it takes for the peel to degrade, allowing the potassium to reach your plants sooner.” Adding banana peel to your compost bin is also a good idea. According to John, they can improve the “richness” of the compost for “all your plants”. Container-grown roses can be planted all year round, which makes them great for those looking for a last minute pop of garden colour. Experts have also shared another trick gardeners can use to easily grow roses from cuttings. This includes using a potato, which has a high water content, keeping the cutting moist. Experts at Amaze Vege Garden said: “Some first-time growers may be shocked to hear about using potatoes to help propagate the roses. “With the flower and leaves trimmed off, the stem is then stuck into half of the potato and planted in the ground. “This boosts the roots of the stem to start growing and prevents it from going fry, which helps new leaves and roots to grow. “Having a good base that naturally provides all the nutrients and moisture needed for the new plant to grow means you won’t have to work as hard to ensure the rose will grow. “This is often the only way to grow a new rose as the environment might be too tough for new stems to grow naturally.” Many other flowering plants can also benefit from the use of potatoes.