Experts fear "non-fatal strangulation" is often minimised by the police, prosecutors and the courts. Abusers who throttle their partners in an attempt to control or induce fear now face up to five years in prison after a new offence came into force earlier this week. Before "non-fatal strangulation "was introduced, it was treated in law like a slap." "It typically involves someone throttling or intentionally affecting their victim's ability to breathe in an attempt to control or intimidate them." Victoria Atkins, minister for tackling violence against women and girls, introduced the offence after fears that men were avoiding punishment as it often leaves no visible injury. She said the Government would continue to highlight the dangers linked to strangulation and suffocation. Research highlighted by the Ministry of Justice revealed victims were seven times more likely to be murdered by their partner if they had been throttled or suffocated before. The Daily Express has been campaigning to reform the law in favour of abused women in our End This Injustice campaign. Ms Atkins said: "NHS England is funding a free online training event to occur in late June, which is aimed at NHS frontline staff including paramedics, GP practices and A&E staff, domestic abuse partnerships, staff in the statutory domestic abuse and sexual assault sector, the police, prosecutors, social work, judges and magistrates, probation and psychologists." Rebecca Hitchen, from the End Violence Against Women coalition, said: "We welcome the announcement of training for frontline staff following the introduction of the new criminal offence. "Strangulation is used by perpetrators of domestic abuse to harm, control and intimidate victims and is a huge risk factor for homicide, but it is often minimised by the police, prosecutors and the courts. "That's why we expect this training to reflect the specific danger strangulation poses to women and girls." The new law will also apply to British nationals abroad, meaning perpetrators can be prosecuted for offences committed overseas.