Liverpool have received further funds in the total of £15.4million upon the sale of Takumi Minamino to Ligue 1 club, AS Monaco. The Reds will be keen to save additional funds for further signings down the line - in their search for the "right" midfielder. Minamino penned a four-year deal at the Stade Louis II, costing the French side an initial £12.9m with £2.5m in add-ons. His stay at Anfield was cut short upon his £7.25m switch from Red Bull Salzburg in 2020, as he failed to cement a first-team spot in Jurgen Klopp's squad. He spent the second half of the 2020/21 season on loan at Southampton, making a total of 10 appearances and netting twice. Now speaking on his move, the Japan international said: “It is a great joy for me to join AS Monaco. I am happy to be part of the club’s project, which has just finished on the podium twice in a row and is one of the most recognised in an exciting championship.” READ MORE: Chelsea chief Petr Cech the latest to quit club after 'Lukaku dispute' Meanwhile, Klopp who hailed the midfielder as a “super talented player”, said of the news of his switch to France. “It’s hard to see Taki go, but it’s a great move for him and one he thoroughly deserves. An amazing professional; super, talented player. As a person, he is full of warmth and makes everyone feel positive. A manager’s dream, to be honest. “I’m sure there will be those who think it didn’t quite work out. Those who think this are wrong. I don’t accept that. His contribution far outweighs the opportunities we were able to give, in terms of starting matches. He made us better each and every day he was with us – not just in the games he played in but every single session in training. Perfect attitude, winner’s mentality." DON'T MISS: Chelsea eyeing Man Utd transfer hijack as Blues ‘hold Antony meeting'What Frenkie de Jong has told his agent about Man Utd moveCristiano Ronaldo 'not going anywhere' as Bayern respond to links  While some Reds faithful have pointed out that the club need to strengthen their midfield, Klopp is reportedly confident heading into the new season, despite receiving funds to do so from Minamino's departure. The German is willing to wait for the “right midfielder at the right price,” and will not settle for “second-best.” It is no surprise that the Reds had their eyes set on ex-Monaco’s Aurelien Tchouameni before his move to Real Madrid was confirmed. Although the club was reportedly put off by his price tag of reported £85m. Klopp is prepared to wait for England international Jude Bellingham, after a potential switch to Anfield this summer was not realistic, as Borussia Dortmund sanctioned the transfer of Erling Haaland to rivals Manchester City. Numbers-wise, Klopp is not short of options for midfield and is reportedly happy with the players that he’s got. He will be looking to hand new opportunities to players who were less utilised last season – with the likes of Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, James Milner, Curtis Jones, Naby Keita and Harvey Elliott.