The third season of the dark comic book drama was one of Netflix’s must-watch releases of this year, even coming hot off the heels of another blockbuster edition of Stranger Things. Unfortunately, some fans of the streaming series aren’t convinced the latest outing of The Umbrella Academy lived up to the hype after some major changes were made to Number Three, aka Allison Hargreeves (played by Emmy Raver-Lampman). Allison immediately came under fire from fans upon the release of the long-awaited third season of The Umbrella Academy. Emmy’s manipulative hero was introduced in the first season as a celebrity who had harnessed her abilities to make people do her bidding to become a famous actress. Although her narcissistic traits repelled some fans in the Hargreeves’ first outing, Allison won them over when she found a new lease of life during the family’s jaunt through the 1960s. However, now the superpowered adoptive siblings are back in the present day, some viewers have claimed the writers of the show have forgotten about her crucial character development. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jacob Gallagher's linked to Nicola King's attacker She is undeniably the most affected by the show’s shifting timelines as she realises her daughter is no longer alive in the present day, though many fans think she took her response to the trauma a step too far. Nowhere is this more evident than in episode four, Kugelblitz, in which she uses her abilities to try and force Luther (Tom Hopper) to sleep with her against his will. On Reddit, Decent_Orange_1903 fumed: “That scene with Allison and Luther was disgusting. “Trauma or not, that was attempted sexual assault. Already hating the fact that people are excusing it.” User wisteriagardens exclaimed: “Hey Allison what the f**k! Obviously she has an insane amount of trauma but I feel icky about the writers throwing that scene in.” And whops_it_me commented: “I wanted to sympathise with her so bad but holy s**t, that scene in episode five with her and Luther destroyed all my goodwill. “I cannot understand for the life of me why they felt the need to make that happen.” Meanwhile, fans on Twitter have also been taking direct shots at the series’ writers for including the controversial scene. DON'T MISS:Simon Cowell covers his eyes as act balances neck on sword [VIDEO]NCIS’ Pauley Perrette thrills fans with co-star reunion [LATEST]Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly teases big change to Beth [INSIGHT] “The writers are very weird,” @korysverse said. “You take Allison, one of the best characters and completely butcher her character by making her do something EXTREMELY out of character and just disgusting in general… for what?? “Definitely side-eyeing because that s**t doesn’t make sense at all in context of anything because Allison would never do that, mourning or not… “Like y’all wrote that s**t and actually kept it in giving people valid ground to hate on her like y’all are WEIRDOS!” And @buildingsunsets tweeted: “I used to love Allison but the way they made her rumour Luther into kissing her just because she was mourning Ray and Claire.” “That is one sick sick mf thing to do. That’s not mourning and it really puts her in a horrible light.” (sic) Although, some viewers have enjoyed Allison’s antagonistic turn, with @ohram_ quipping: “Allison in her villain era this season. I’m just here to say I support womens’ wrongs.” Netflix has yet to confirm if the Hargreeves will make it out of their latest conundrum in a fourth season but, hopefully, Allison will be able to bring back some of her fans’ goodwill if The Umbrella Academy returns. The Umbrella Academy seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Netflix.