Rafael Nadal is sounding positive ahead of his latest treatment for his chronic foot injury. The world No 5 won a record 22nd Grand Slam title at the French Open on Sunday and revealed he had been playing with anaesthesia injections in the nerve of his foot to dull the pain. He will now be undergoing radiofrequency with the goal of creating a similar effect long-term and said he “trusts” the procedure will “go well”. Nadal is set to try a new procedure to dull the pain of his chronic foot injury this week after winning his 14th Roland Garros crown. After admitting he played with his foot “asleep” during the tournament, he said he wouldn’t be taking the “risk” again and was instead going to use radiofrequency in an attempt to dull the feeling in the nerve of his foot.  The Spaniard also confirmed that he would only be playing Wimbledon if the treatment is successful and has now given a positive assessment of his upcoming procedure. “The objective is clear: to make a radiofrequency in the nerve to try to achieve the sensation that I have when I play with my foot asleep,” Nadal told the ATP Tour.  “If we get the treatment to work, leaving the nerve touched, I'll be able to continue playing. I usually go step by step,” he continued, having previously told reporters in Paris that he would have to consider a more serious surgery if the procedure was unsuccessful. But the 36-year-old sounded positive about the latest technique to help his troublesome foot, adding:  “I trust things will go well.”  JUST IN: Raducanu fuels fear she may miss Wimbledon as 'freak' injury explained  Nadal limped off the court at the Italian Open just 24 days before winning his 22nd Grand Slam title as the foot issue came back to haunt him in his three-set defeat to Denis Shapovalov but he said that he now knew he could successfully compete with his the feeling in his nerve dulled following his fortnight in Paris, and was hoping to recreate the effect without turning to more injections. He explained: “We seek to maintain it permanently. If it works, we'll take the sensitivity out of the sensitive part of the foot. And there is another important thing: with distance blocks it has been shown that I can play.” DON'T MISSRaducanu Nottingham opponent 'shocked' after early injury retirementAndy Murray off to winning start at Stuttgart OpenEmma Raducanu retires injured 30 minutes into Nottingham opener    The Spaniard’s participation at Wimbledon hangs in the balance after he confirmed he would not rely on anaesthetic injections to get him through another tournament.  "The risks I took here, I won't take them for the rest of my career. That was a one-shot," he admitted after beating Casper Ruud 6-3 6-3 6-0 in Sunday’s French Open final. "Wimbledon has always been a priority. If it works with the new treatment yes [I will play]. If not, no, I won't do anaesthetics again, it's not my philosophy of life." 