The Prime Minister is said to be considering throwing his weight behind a new amendment to scrap a ban on selective schools in a bid to win over rebellious backbenchers. A Government spokesperson denied such plans were currently in play, but said it was “considering options” as to how it might “spread their DNA through the wider education system”. New grammar schools were banned by Tony Blair in 1998, though the New Labour Government allowed pre-existing ones to continue operating as they were. At present, there are 163 such schools in England, according to House of Commons data. David Cameron had opposed repealing the ban when in power, and Theresa May’s attempts in 2016 failed to gain traction. However, it is believed there is now appetite on the Tory back benches for a change to the Blair-era law – with Sir Graham Brady, the chairman of the 1922 Committee, expected to table just such an amendment when the Government brings its Schools Bill later this year. READ MORE: I’ll spread the DNA of grammar schools, says NADHIM ZAHAWI Sir Graham said: “After twelve years of Conservative-led Government, it is really very odd that we still have a statutory ban on any new selective schools. “At the very least lifting that ban would provide freedom and flexibility for people where there is demand.” Those in favour of such a move are said to estimate that as many as 80 percent of Tory MPs would back such an amendment if given a free vote. Downing Street is now said to be discussing whether Mr Johnson should throw his weight behind the amendment, or risk another rebellion after squeaking through a confidence vote earlier this month. A minister told the Times: “There’s more of an open door on grammar schools than there has been in years. “It’s now something that there is a conversation about in Downing Street.” David Canzini, one of the PM’s senior advisers, has reportedly suggested that the issue could become a key dividing line with Labour come the next election. A Conservative Party source told the paper: “When you look at the numbers, Number 10 is going to have to back grammars. DON'T MISSPOLL: Should potholes be prioritised over cycle lanes? [POLL]Fatal flaw in Europe’s plan to save Ukraine laid bare [INSIGHT]Kate and William's latest move is a 'slapdown' to Meghan and Harry [REVEAL] “The PM can’t withstand the sort of rebellion he’d get if he whips against them.” Grammar schools appear to be a pet policy of some Red Wall Tory MPs, who see them as an opportunity for social mobility. Jonathan Gullis, MP for Stoke-on-Trent North since 2019, said: “By lifting Labour’s ban, we can spread opportunity fairly across the country and turbocharge social mobility in places like Teesside and Ashfield which we are determined to level up.” However, research shows that grammar schools have no effect on attainment by pupils from disadvantaged backgrounds; rather, it is their home life and their parents’ ability to help them with school work that has more of an impact on grades. A study by the Sutton Trust, an education think-tank, in 2016 found that bright students were just as likely to do well at a comprehensive as a grammar school. They also found that ethnic background played a role in entry, with black and white working-class kids far less likely to get into a grammar school than a child from an Asian background. In 2020, Matt Dickson, from the University of Bath, and Lindsey Macmillan, from the UCL Institute of Education, said that “social mobility – as measured by progression to elite higher education – is unequivocally damaged by the selective schooling system”. Robert Halfon, Tory chair of the education select committee, said that there must be a “cast iron guarantee” that grammar schools take more of the most disadvantaged children before the ban should be lifted. A Government spokesperson said that grammar schools are “a valuable part of the school system”. They added that “through our new Schools Bill, we are considering options on how we can spread their DNA through the wider education system, but there are no current plans to open new grammar schools”.