Max Verstappen has fired a word of warning to Charles Leclerc despite Ferrari taking pole at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix. The Dutchman claimed Red Bull have a ‘good opportunity’ for Sunday's race and stressed his car was ‘quite good’ despite lacking pace over a flying lap. He said: "The start of the lap was good then it went away from me a little bit. Tiny mistakes. So not ideal. In general I was struggling to find front and rear balance over one lap. Not of course what I want but still as a team, being second and third, we have a good opportunity for tomorrow. "We'll find out tomorrow but I think overall we seem to lack a tiny bit over one lap but clearly in the long runs normally our car should be quite good." Team principal Christian Horner was also confident the team could give Ferrari a ‘hard time’ come race day. Leclerc secured pole as he set a time two-tenths faster than Red Bull’s Sergio Perez. Verstappen was quick enough for third, a further tenth of a second behind. READ MORE: Red Bull have 'problem' as Perez looks to dethrone Verstappen The reigning champion has appeared to lack the space of his team-mate all weekend with Perez topping him across all the free practice sessions this weekend. Leclerc admitted he is aware of the Red Bull threat, claiming he thought Perez and Verstappen would be ‘stronger’ heading into qualifying. He explained after his fourth straight pole position: "It feels good! This one, obviously all pole positions feel good, but this one I probably did not expect it. I thought Red Bull were stronger, especially in Q1 and Q2 I really struggled to see that we were faster. "Then in the last lap everything came together and I managed to do a good lap so I'm extremely happy. I'm really excited for tomorrow. Tyre management is a big thing here. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton faces investigation after Azerbaijan GP qualifying [PICS]Azerbaijan Grand Prix qualifying red-flagged as Lance Stroll crashes [INSIGHT]Red Bull boss Christian Horner responds to Max Verstappen's dad Jos [ANALYSIS] "In Barcelona and Monaco we managed it well even though Monaco was difficult to see anything. Overall our race pace has done a step-up since we brought the upgrades so tomorrow will be very interesting to see if it's the case here too." Perez was frustrated he did not enjoy the benefit of a tow after his car suffered some issues ahead of the session which meant he entered the track well behind Verstappen, but  the Mexican - the winner last time out in Monaco - stressed he was looking forward to seeing what the team could do in the race tomorrow. He said: "It was not an ideal qualifying because at the end we had a problem with the engine and we couldn't turn it on. So, I was basically on my own and that's very powerful around here. Tomorrow it's a very long race, we just have to make sure that we're there. At any point you can make a mistake, so that's it."