A property could be one of the biggest and best investments Britons make in their lifetime, so why not make the most of it by adding as much value as possible. The rule of thumb when it comes to adding value is to utilise what you already have. Any additions that are too costly might not bring you much of a return when the time comes to sell up, so work with the space you have and think about how it could be transformed to make it more useful. Additions to your home can see a big uplift in its value when it comes to selling but not every modification will result in extra money. Whilst some changes may look nice in photos, in practice they could have a negative impact on the resale value and how potential buyers will view the home. With this in mind national furniture retailer, ScS, has partnered with webuyanyhouse.co.uk to provide tips on what does actually add value to a property. Taking the top spot for home improvements, replacing radiators can add up to £10,000 to a house value. READ MORE: Property: How to add house value using ‘must-have’ houseplant The experts said: “The heating system is one of the most important parts of any property and upgrading radiators can ensure they emit enough heat to keep the room warm, as well as improving appearance. “Free standing, aluminium radiators are perfect for a stylish, modern upgrade to your heating system. “Black or charcoal coloured radiators not only add a classic and chic element to your living room but are also the advised option as they emit the most heat.” This will ensure the rooms in homes are at a nice cosy temperature. DON'T MISS: How to remove yellow duvet stains using ‘easy’ 4p hack [TIPS]‘The easiest and cheapest’ way to kill weeds without using chemicals [EXPERT]I tried Bar Keepers Friend stain remover to brighten my tile grout [INSIGHT] Improving interior doors are also a great area in the home to focus on updating and it can add a surprising £7,500, according to the property pros. They explained: “By upgrading your interior doors, you can create a stylish feel and add to your property value by creating the impression of elegance and luxury. “The addition of single or double sliding doors leading into your living room provides more functional and flexible access. “It also elevates the style of the room by creating the option of having open space and flow throughout the house.” Kitchens are the heart of the home and there’s nothing more appealing than a big welcoming room in which to cook up a feast and entertain. However, they can cost a pretty penny to improve and update. Instead, try focusing on one feature of the kitchen that gains a lot of attention, such as the flooring. According to the property gurus, only replacing the kitchen floor can increase house value by £5,000. The experts said: “Replacing your kitchen floor can not only update the look and feel of the room but can also provide buyers with the insurance of longevity. “Doing this can result in a clean and comfortable finish, which is practical and affordable. “Modern porcelain tiles are an effective way to add value onto the kitchen.” This is because they're “hard-wearing, waterproof, stain-resistant and durable”, says the pros.