Amber Heard has opened up about the highly publicised trial after Johnny Depp sued her over a 2018 article that the actress wrote for the Washington Post about her experiences as a survivor of domestic abuse. The actress has revealed her fears she’ll be sued again in the second half of an interview with NBC in the US. The actress told broadcaster Savannah Guthrie she felt she wasn’t the “perfect victim”. Amber was questioned on a text shown in evidence at the trial in which Johnny seemed to threaten her with “total global humiliation”. She said: “I know he promised it. I testified to this. I am not a good victim, I get it. I am not a likeable victim. I am not a perfect victim. “But when I testified I asked the jury to see me as human and here, his own words, which is a promise to do this, it seems as though he has." Read more: Amber Heard admits 'horrible' behaviour during relationship with Depp Amber was asked if she was nervous about what she can say in pubic and whether she’s afraid her ex-husband will sue for defamation again. “Of course. I took for granted what I assumed was my right to speak,” she continued. "I am scared that, no matter what I do, no matter what I say or how I say it, every step that I take will present another opportunity for silencing, which I guess is what a defamation lawsuit is meant to do - it is meant to take your voice." Despite the trial, the actress admitted she still “loves” the actor. “I love him. I loved him with all my heart and tried the best I could to make a deeply broken relationship work. And I couldn’t. “I have no bad feelings or ill will towards him at all. I know that might be hard to understand. “Or it might be really easy to understand if you have just ever loved anyone... It should be easy." The first half of the interview with NBC was released on Tuesday. DON'T MISSAmber Heard denies 'slightly insane' claim she was axed from Aquaman 2 [INSIGH T]Piers Morgan says 'Amber Heard is like Meghan Markle'  [VIDEO]Amber Heard claims ex Johnny 'lied' about physical abuse in marriage [INTERVIEW] Amber confessed to making a “lot of mistakes” during her relationship with Johnny. She said: “I did do and say horrible, regrettable things throughout my relationship. “I behaved in horrible, almost unrecognisable to myself ways. So much regret. “I have freely, openly and voluntarily talked about what I did. I talked about the horrible language, I talked about being pushed to the extent where I didn't even know the difference between right and wrong. “I will always continue to feel like I was a part of this, like I was the other half of this relationship - because I was. And it was ugly and could be very beautiful. “It was very, very toxic. We were awful to each other. I made a lot of mistakes, a lot of mistakes. I have always told the truth.” On July 1, the jury found that a 2018 article Amber wrote for the Washington Post was defamatory towards Johnny. The actor was awarded £8.2million in damages while Amber was awarded £1.5million in damages after winning on one count of her counter-suit. In 2020, Johnny sued The Sun for defamation after the tabloid referred to him as a “wife beater”. The actor lost and the British judge found The Sun’s characterisation of Johnny was “substantially true”.