The Duke and Duchess of Sussex recently made their much-anticipated public return to the UK to attend the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Prince Harry and Meghan made high-profile appearances at several events over the bank holiday weekend, including their attendance of Friday’s Thanksgiving Service in honour of the Queen. During the couple’s visit, the royal family reportedly made a specific effort to protect the Duke and Duchess from unwanted media glare that may have stained the experience. Despite the efforts of the Palace, Prince Harry and Meghan were not observed at any of the Jubilee events across Saturday and the couple departed on a private flight on Sunday, before the celebrations had concluded.  Speaking on the American royal podcast, Royally Us, journalist Jonathan Sacerdoti said: “They were treated exactly how they should have been, as family. “They were invited to a certain number of the events, they were with the rest of the family during Trooping of the Colour, to watch in private, that was, again, treatment like any other royals in the family. “I think they were treated very well and they, themselves, had said they wanted to escape the glare of the media and the public, as much as they had had to suffer during their time as working royals. “I think the royal family respected that, keeping them out of the public gaze as much as possible.” Harry and Meghan were observed during the Trooping of the Colour balcony appearance as they watched the display from the sidelines, accompanied by other members of the wider royal family. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex did not appear alongside the Queen during the balcony presentation as Buckingham Palace had previously announced the appearance would be restricted to close working members of the royal family only. Mr Sacerdoti suggested the reserved appearance of Harry and Meghan during Thursday’s celebrations was part of a deliberate strategy by royal authorities to protect the couple from media glare and unfavourable public opinion. He added: “I think we saw why because when they did go to the special service of Thanksgiving for the Queen, we saw that they were booed on the way into the service.” Read more: Bookies celebrate Jubilee by donating profits of Royal Ascot race Mr Sacedoti continued: “That was obviously quite upsetting to them and their fans. “I think that perhaps the royal family was right to try to steer them away from that sort of reception, knowing how most British people I think do see them. “Harry, remember, was once one of the most popular royals in the royal family. “That’s really gone south since they left the country and left the working royals.” Don't miss: Kate hailed after Duchess pays 'lovely surprise' over Jubilee weekend [REPORT]Charles monarchy hopes doomed by 'popular' William [ANA;YSIS]Princess Anne wears significant horse brooch to Ascot - here's why [REVEAL]  Prince Harry and Meghan were not present for Saturday’s celebrations as the couple skipped the Jubilee ceremonies to celebrate their daughters first birthday. The Duke and Duchess reportedly marked Lilibet, the couple’s youngest child, turning one with a small private gathering at their UK residence, Frogmore Cottage. On the final day of the Platinum Jubilee Weekend, Harry and Meghan flew back to their California home on a private flight before the official celebrations came to an end. Despite their stay being considerably short, Mr Sacedoti suggested the royal family had mediated with the couple to ensure their time in the UK was as enjoyable as possible given their past public reputation.   