The most recent figures show that inflation in the UK has hit a decades-long high of nine percent. Many financial excerpts believe the inflation rate could hit as high as ten percent sometime later this year. Recently, the building society has increased the rates on its savings and ISA products to benefit its customers. As part of this move, Nationwide launched a new issue of its One Year Triple Access Online ISA. The account is now paying a very competitive one percent AER/tax-free (variable) for 12 months. Furthermore, Nationwide also launched a new issue of its One Year Triple Access Online Saver. This new issue has an increased rate of one percent AER/gross per annum (variable). READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum  Both accounts allow customers to make three withdrawals during the 12-month period, however any further withdrawals will revert the interest rate back to 0.10 percent. The bank’s savings and ISA accounts can be opened and managed online through the Nationwide website, Internet Bank and Mobile Banking App. Each account has a minimum operating balance of £1. As well as this, Nationwide raised the interest rate across its one-year fixed rate ISAs, bonds and online bonds. The new rates are: Tom Riley, the director of Banking and Savings at Nationwide Building Society, explained why the financial intuition has chosen to hike rates at this time. Mr Riley said: “ISAs remain an important product for many savers, as interest earnt on a cash ISA doesn’t count towards your Personal Savings Allowance. “Our new Triple Access Online ISA will offer a market-leading rate from a brand savers know and trust. “For those who want to save outside of an ISA, we are also increasing the rate on our Triple Access Online Saver. “We like to give savers a choice of fixed rates, which is why we are also launching a new range of one, three and five-year fixed rate products.” On the impact of inflation on savings, Sarah Coles from AJ Bell shared what saves can do to mitigate the detrimental impact. The senior personal finance analyst said: “Easy access savings accounts are sensible homes for our emergency savings of three to six months’ worth of essential expenses, but leaving our cash in these accounts for the long term can be a disaster from an inflationary perspective. “In order to have the same buying power as 20p in 1982, you’d need 83p today. However, if you put 20p into the average easy access savings account in 1982 it would currently be worth just 79p – so you would have lost money after inflation is taken into account. “Of course, you can do far better if you track down the most competitive accounts on the market, over the periods that suit you best. “Right now, the average easy access rate sits at 0.39 percent (according to Moneyfacts), but you can earn up to 1.32 percent in easy access with no strings attached, 2.38 percent if you’re prepared to tie your money up for a year, or 2.5 percent if you’re prepared to fix for 18 months. “However, for the past year, even the best rates on the market have fallen behind inflation. By contrast, if you had invested your money in a FTSE All-Share tracker in 1982, it would be worth £2.51 today. “Over the short term you would have seen its value rise and fall, but clearly over the longer term of five to ten years or more, it offers you a much better chance of staying ahead of inflation. “ It doesn’t mean we should be ploughing everything we have into the stock market. However, once you have your emergency fund, and cash for planned expenses over the next five years, it’s at least worth considering investment.”