After the Jubilee celebrations, Joanna Lumley joined Lorraine Kelly on her self-titled ITV show to talk about being part of the festivities. However, talk soon turned to The Crown as she was asked about her view of the drama series. Joanna didn’t hold back as she slammed Netflix for “making up” conversations and events. Joanna commented: “Do you know, I’ve now had the great honour and pleasure of meeting most of the Royal Family and speaking with them and knowing them a bit. “And, all these conversations are made up and it’s rather like someone making a conversation up about you and your husband,” she said pointing at Lorraine. “Or you and your child but from somebody who doesn’t even know you and has made it up. “It becomes history and I thought, ‘I don’t want to be part of that because I don’t believe it’s true, that’s all.’” READ MORE: Simon Cowell slammed by BGT fans over wildcard announcement 'A joke!' “I understand completely what you’re saying because I felt that when I was watching,” Lorraine replied. “There were conversations between who was playing Princess Diana and who was playing Prince Charles and I’m like, ‘But there was only the two of them there, so we don’t know whether or not that happened.’” Joanna agreed, adding: “How do we know?” This isn’t the first time Joanna has shared her disapproval of the Netflix series. Earlier this year, she told Radio Times she finds it “distressing” to watch due to her friendship with some members of the Royal Family. “I don’t watch The Crown because I know quite a lot of the Royal Family,” she explained to the publication. “I know how distressing it must be to have your life made up and then played out as truth.” In another interview, Joanna said it “wasn’t right” how The Crown portrayed feuds between the royals. DON'T MISS...Alan Titchmarsh shuts down The Crown advisor over series accuracy [VIDEO]Kate Middleton wears 'most expensive' crown jewel worth £66.3million [PICTURES]Queen's simple gesture showed full power behind Crown [INSIGHT] Speaking on The Jonathan Ross Show, she stated: “I think we all look from the outside and we don’t actually know what’s going on on the inside – we second guess it. "And I think we all believe television shows that are made about them, like The Crown. “I don’t watch it because I know it’s made up... these are real people and suddenly they’re made up to be different people and I don’t think it’s right. “I don’t think we really know what goes on behind anybody’s closed doors.” She added: “I think, I have a suspicion, that that family’s much closer than we think.” Joanna has met the Royal Family on several occasions and insisted they were “so friendly” and “polite”. “You’ll find kindly, good-hearted people,” the star explained. Lorraine airs weekdays on ITV from 9am.