Ex-aides to Joe Biden, 79, claim the 46th US President is determined to launch a re-election bid in 2024. The suggestion comes just days after Mr Biden made yet another blunder by falling off his stationary bike near his holiday home in Rehoboth Beach, Delaware. According to the Telegraph, even Mr Biden's inner circle may find it difficult to persuade the President to back down from the challenge. A former Biden staff official told the broadsheet: "He's going to want to vindicate himself, and I don't think he's going to be easily pressured not to [run]. "I don't think even Jill [Biden] or Valerie [his sister] would be able to persuade him. I don't think it's going to be easy to push him aside when there's no obvious replacement." Another added: "The writing is on the wall that he's a one-term President. "There are a lot of people who entered the administration hoping for more and are thinking: 'What have we really accomplished?'" Mr Biden has faced an uphill struggle since entering the White House as he has led the US response to the cost-of-living crisis. Inflation hit 8.6 percent on the other side of the Atlantic in May, according to the US Bureau of Labor Statistics. JUST IN: Frexiteer calls for Emmanuel Macron to 'submit resignation' after President loses majority Consumer Price Index increases on food and energy are even more profound, rising by 10.1 percent and 34.6 percent respectively. However, the cost-of-living crisis could be just one reason why Mr Biden has now positioned himself as the least popular Commander-in-Chief at this stage since polling records began after the Second World War. Polling aggregator FiveThirtyEight put Mr Biden's net approval rating at -14.4 percent. In comparison, Donald Trump, who turned 76 last week, had an approval rating of -9.4 percent at the same stage in his first term. Mr Trump could also throw his hat in the ring, leading the 45th President to face off against his successor yet again. However, while Mr Trump lagged behind the former Vice President in most polling before election day in 2020, he now finds himself potentially on track for a return to the Oval Office. READ MORE: Macron FAILS to win outright majority but beats left-wing and Le Pen, exit poll says YouGov gave Mr Trump a two-point lead over Mr Biden in a survey conducted last week. If Mr Trump emerged victorious in 2024, he would join Grover Cleveland in becoming just the second President to serve two non-consecutive terms in the White House. However, if Mr Trump was to win the popular vote he could even flip Arizona, Georgia, Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin back into the Republican column. Mr Trump lost the key swing states in 2020 after trailing his Democrat challenger by 4.4 percent. But Mr Trump also lagged behind former First Lady Hillary Clinton, 74, in 2016 when the ex-property tycoon shocked the world by winning the race to 270. Mr Trump also finds himself under pressure after Congress opened up an internal investigation into the Capitol Hill riots on January 6. DON'T MISS: Paras face sacking 'for activities that bring regiment into dispute' [REPORT] Palace shoots itself in foot by not releasing Meghan bullying report [REVEALED] Kate and William's latest move is a 'slapdown' to Meghan and Harry [LATEST] More than 850 people were arrested for storming the US Capitol after Mr Trump, who has continued to peddle the unfounded claim the 2020 election was rigged, told supporters: "If you don't fight like hell you're not going to have a country anymore." However, he added: "I know that everyone here will soon be marching over to the Capitol building to peacefully and patriotically make your voices heard." Responding to the bipartisan investigation, Mr Trump said: "It’s a one-way street. It’s a rigged deal. It’s a disgrace and it’s never happened in the history of our country where we have no representation." The investigation has not deterred Mr Trump from continuing with his unofficial election campaign. Mr Trump will return to the campaign trail in Mendon, Illinois on June 25. The 45th President also attacked Mr Biden's administration in a statement on his website.