Majorca in Spain’s sunny Balearic Islands is a top destination for British tourists. Famous for stunning beaches, fantastic weather and as the home of Love Island, there’s plenty to draw British tourists to Majorca. However, one stunning village has been named as one of the prettiest destinations in Spain by a special campaign. Pollenca on the island of Majorca was chosen by the Los Pueblos Más Bonitos de España campaign. The campaign celebrates Spain’s prettiest villages and towns which were all chosen as some of the country’s most authentic spots. Pollenca is located in the north of the island offering heavenly hidden coves and a bewitching Old Town. READ MORE: Flight attendant check 'housekeeping' room at hotel to save money The town’s top attraction on Tripadvisor are the 365 Calvari steps which offer tourists incredible views of Pollenca. One visitor wrote on Tripadvisor: “Utterly gorgeous walk up the steps, beautiful views and quintessential Majorcan architecture all around. “Beautiful, just beautiful. There is a small church at the top and a coffee shop but don’t attempt it in the midday heat!” Another visitor said: “The views from the top are wonderful.” They added that the owners at the cafe were “super friendly.” Pollenca is home to many beautiful coves, many of which remain off the beaten track to most tourists. Some of the small beaches are only reachable on foot so tourists are advised to bring closed shoes for the descent. A popular beach is Cala Formentor which is overlooked by the famous Hotel Formentor, a spot many celebrities enjoyed in the past. Winston Churchill and John Wayne visited the magnificent hotel which is just 12km from Pollenca. At the town’s museum, tourists can see Gothic artefacts as well as award winning contemporary art. Tourists can also wander around the town’s boutique shops or purchase fresh fruit at the market. Visitors shouldn’t leave Pollenca without sampling a traditional Majorcan dessert, ensaïmada. The unique cake is made with lard and filled with cream, pumpkin marmalade and sugar. Budget flights are available to Palma Majorca from most major airports in the UK. It takes around 60 minutes to travel from the airport to Pollenca town and its stunning beaches. Britons could travel to the town in September or October if they want to escape peak travel prices. The island has warm temperatures for much of the year and even the winter is mild. Majorca is one of Spain's pricier destinations but Britons could save by avoiding peak season.