Novak Djokovic was far from his best in his Wimbledon first-round win over South Korean Soonwoo Kwon with Laura Robson claiming the Serbian was "rusty", but the former British tennis ace feels he is still the favourite. Djokovic has won three Wimbledon titles on the bounce and is aiming to win an record-equalling seventh men's singles trophy at SW19. But it's been far from an ideal preparation heading into Wimbledon this year with Djokovic enduring a mixed bag in 2022 so far. The Australian Open fiasco meant his season was put on hold until the end of February. From there, he was playing catch up with his tour rivals in trying to get match fit. But Robson also feels Djokovic needed several months to "get over something like that". His only title of 2022 came at the Italian Open and he came into Wimbledon not playing a single warm-up event on grass. And it showed in the opening round match against Kwon, ranked No 75 in the world, who more than matched Djokovic in the first two sets. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic wants even more after breaking insane Wimbledon record  The performance may act as some motivation for the likes of Rafael Nadal and Matteo Berrettini in wanting to win Wimbledon and dethrone Djokovic. But Robson isn't changing her pre-tournament prediction despite Djokovic's poor form early on. "He was my favourite going into the tournament, and he is still my favourite after today," she said on Eurosport. "After the last couple of months, it’s understandable that he still has a little bit of rust. "He was saying in his interview that Kwon was playing some difficult tennis. It was tough to get the rhythm he wanted going into the match and everyone wants to beat him. All the pressure is on Djokovic and not his opponent. They all think that there is a chance [to beat him] because he’s not necessarily playing his best tennis at the moment. DON'T MISS  "To get through these early rounds with a win is enough for him right now. He is a bit rusty. You can tell from the match that he is still a bit rusty. What happened in Australia really lasted for a few months, weighing on his shoulders. "The amount of drama that we went through there, and it takes a long time to get over something like that. To have a chance to play on Centre Court on day one has always got to be one of his favourite days of the year. "He’s so comfortable out there, and even when he isn’t playing his best tennis, it is enough to win and Djokovic needs to get through a few of these early rounds. He’s still the favourite.”