Max Verstappen has called for changes to the Azerbaijan Grand Prix circuit after Lewis Hamilton suffered severe back pain throughout the weekend. The Red Bull star warned the track should be resurfaced ahead of next year's race after several drivers complained of issues. Verstappen also insisted the track was getting “way too bumpy”, an issue which seems to have worsened with the new cars. He said: ”It is enjoyable to drive, just, I think, it's getting a bit bumpy in some places, especially now with the new cars being so stiff and low to the ground. "I think the main straight is way too bumpy, we have to really try and find a bit of a line. So it would be nice if that could be resurfaced for next year. “But overall, I think it's a special track, also the second sector, you know, between the castle bit, it's quite unique, I would say." Hamilton appeared to be the worst affected by the bouncing after the race on Sunday. READ MORE: Toto Wolff singles out F1 driver who disagrees with porpoising issues The seven-time champion struggled to get out of his car and at one stage even screamed that his back was “killing him” over team radio. The Mercedes star even revealed he was biting down on his teeth in pain throughout the race and was “praying” for the chequered flag. He said: “I just got through that race on adrenaline, biting down on my teeth through the pain. I can’t express the pain that you experience, especially on the straight here. And at the end, you’re just thinking of all the people relying on you for the points.” Haas driver Mick Schumacher also demanded changes ahead of next year's race after porpoising caused a water leak on his car during practice. The German claimed the heavy bouncing “broke the clamp” which caused water to pour out of the car. DON'T MISSLando Norris suggests Mercedes fix to help Hamilton and Russell [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton shares why his car was worse than George Russell's  [ANALYSIS]Ralf Schumacher brands Lewis Hamilton a 'big loser' with two excuses [COMMENT] He warned the FIA should take action ahead of next year's race to ensure the track is not as brutal on drivers and cars. He said: “It’s the first time physically that I do feel an effect of [porpoising]. It’s quite harsh on the body and also on the car. “So it’s definitely something to think about for future events if we come back here to maybe have a think about resurfacing.”