The most recent incident of the graffiti tag, which seems to say 'AVOS', is on Trevenson Road, Pool, near the college campus and on bus stops. The vandalism prompted calls from local residents for a greater police presence patrolling the streets. David Carlisle, from Pool, told CornwallLive that on a walk across his hometown he spotted 16 graffiti tags, all seemingly from the same person or group. After hearing complaints from shop owners in Pool, Mr Carlisle walked from the town’s McDonald's to Lidl on the other side to see what the fuss was about. “It was a relatively short distance,” Mr Carlisle said, “but I spotted 16 different areas covered in graffiti. It all seems like the same person in so much it was a name or a tag. The farm store, innovation centre and Lidl - all of them affected. “They’re not just a little spray, it’s big ones which cover the entire walls at times. And it wasn’t there until recently. I want to say I’m not prepared to put up with it. I’ve lived here for 25 years and this is an area with huge potential and one person is lowering it. It’s shocking.” The same tag has been spray painted across Pool including on road signs towards Carn Brea, bus stops, electric cabinets, roadside walls, Bensons for Beds, bins and advertising boards. Meanwhile, a few other unrelated tags seem to have cropped up around the same time. These other ones are unintelligible, but are different in style to the “avos” tags. Other locals share Mr Carlisle's perspective. Cheryl Caddy wrote on Facebook: "It's so sad. I like graffiti in the right context but this is awful just tagging. I feel sorry for all the business affected. I was thinking someone must have seen something."  Rhiannon Smith: "Someone must have CCTV of the culprit, seeing how many businesses they’ve targeted. Blatant disregard for other people's property, businesses and the local area, so sad to see! Hopefully they can be stopped." Another local, Glyn Woollacott, asked: "What happened to policing the area?" Devon and Cornwall Police said in a statement: "Over the last few weeks numerous buildings and signs have been damaged throughout the Pool and Redruth area with a graffiti ‘tag’ that appears to say ‘AVOS’. The most recent incidents being on Trevenson Road, Pool, near the college campus and on bus stops. "If anyone has any knowledge or information about who is responsible for this damage please can you contact Devon and Cornwall police and quote reference CR/46523/22." 