More than 22,000 fans attended the Platinum Party at the Palace event in tribute to the Queen’s 70-year reign. Royal historian Tessa Dunlop commented on the event and claimed she missed seeing the Sussexes taking part in the celebrations. Harry and Meghan have “a certain star power” which goes “well beyond our shores”, she said after stressing their non-attendance at yesterday’s concert was “a bit bah humbug”. Speaking at Sky News, Ms Dunlop said: “I did slightly miss the Sussexes. “And the papers certainly have this morning. “They do have a certain star power. “I was talking to some friends in Europe. “They were like ‘we love that service’. “What if Harry and Meghan’. “The gossip goes well beyond our shores. “And I felt that it was a bit bah humbug not to rock up last night." READ MORE: Princess Charlotte steals the show as she makes surprise appearance The Queen did not attend the concert, but she opened the show with a pre-recorded sketch together with Paddington Bear. The video was a surprise for all and showed the Queen and the famous bear sharing a chaotic cream tea at Buckingham Palace. At the end of the opening clip, Paddington Bear is seen saying “Happy Jubilee Ma’am. And thank you. For everything”. The Queen modestly responded: “That’s very kind”. DON'T MISS: 'Mind your own business!' Biden and Pelosi savaged over Brexit row [WATCH]Brexit plot for EU laws bonfire torn apart with warning UK goods  [LISTEN]Britain’s fish exports to Canada grow fivefold [INSIGHT] Following the sketch, the concert started with an incredible performance by the famous band Queen and Adam Lambert with the songs “We Will Rock You”, “Don’t Stop Me Now” and “We Are The Champions”. During the concern, the Prince of Wales and the Duke of Cambridge paid tribute to the Queen. The Prince of Wales began his address “Your Majesty, Mummy” and continued by thanking the Queen for a “lifetime of selfless service”. Speaking in front of Buckingham Palace, he also added: “Your Majesty, you have been with us in our difficult times. And you bring us together to celebrate moments of pride, joy and happiness”. “You have met us and talked with us. You laugh and cry with us and, most importantly, you have been there for us, for these 70 years. You pledged to serve your whole life – you continue to deliver. That is why we are here”.