Controlling food cravings is a big part of weight loss issues a lot of people experiences, as they end up snacking. But Dr Michael Mosley has shared one key tip to stay fuller for longer without the need for a stick diet. He suggested people increase their protein intake early on during the day as it appears helps to stay fuller for longer, aiding weight-loss and reducing cravings. Dr Mosley said: "Protein can help you stay full up and studies show it reduces your hunger hormone. "It also boosts the level of a hormone known as peptide which makes you feel full." By including higher levels of protein into their diets, people will see a boost in their metabolism while reducing their appetite. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "It is well known that moderately increasing the amount of protein in your diet can help you feel more satisfied after meals," Dr Mosley added. And eating it early on can also impact hunger, therefore contributing towards positive weight-regulating health hormones. "To test whether protein at the first meal of the day could help people to feel fuller for longer, a US-based study in 2014 divided volunteers into three groups," he continued. "One group ate a breakfast containing 35g of protein, the second group ate breakfast containing 13g protein and the third group skipped breakfast altogether. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "Later on that morning, the volunteers... were asked to rate the intensity of their pre-lunch food cravings. "The results were clear, of all groups, the high-protein breakfast group recorded the highest dopamine levels and lowest pre-lunch food cravings." He suggested people indulge in high protein breakfasts such as: Greek yoghurt Porridge Eggs READ MORE: Fitness: How to 'increase fat burning' in a heatwave - expert advice Peanut butter Lean proteins such as fish and chicken He said: "I sometimes have porridge with wheat bran for breakfast, which comes to about 22g of carbs and five grams of fibre." A protein rich breakfast is particularly effective if paired with quality fibre, such as small amounts of fruit (not fruit juice) and vegetables. "Eating protein at the first meal of the day helps you feel fuller for longer because after a protein meal, levels of a chemical called tyrosine rise inside the brain," Dr Mosley continued. "By increasing its own dopamine supply as the next meal approaches, the brain experiences a much weaker dopamine hit from high calorie food." High carbohydrate breakfasts should be avoided, as the insulin spikes these cause can increase food cravings later in the day.