Alexander Zverev joked that he ‘s**t’ himself during his eventful French Open quarter-final victory over Carlos Alcaraz. The third seed progressed to the semi-final with a four-set success against the 19-year-old starlet. Zverev won the first two sets 6-4 but was pegged back in the third. He had to battle through a tie break to beat Alcaraz in four sets. It was a dramatic match, in which Alcaraz saved match point and Zverev lost on his own serve at match point. The courtside interviewer asked the German if it was possible to enjoy playing while those incidents happen, but Zverev interjected, admitting: “... Shitting my pants as well.” The quip failed to draw the laughter around the court that it was perhaps supposed to. Zverev revealed that he was happy to beat Alcaraz due to his previous form on clay. JUST IN: 'Very stressful' Tennis ace Novak Djokovic's sad admission about wife The Spaniard - who is tipped to be the heir to Rafael Nadal and has beaten both his countryman and Novak Djokovic this season - recently won at the Madrid masters. He has shot up to sixth in the world rankings. Zverev added: “At the end of the day, I know I had to play my best tennis from the start. He kept on coming back. I told him at the end: ‘You are going to win this tournament a lot of times. Not only once’. I hope I can win it before he starts beating us all. “It was obviously a fantastic match. Carlos seemed really unbeatable so far on the clay this season. I did that. I am happy to close it out in four because five would have been tough. DON'T MISS...'There's a risk' Rafael Nadal's wife refuses to attend his matchesZverev claims Alcaraz will win French Open 'a lot of times' after exitAlcaraz not ready to win a Slam as Zverev reaches French Open semis “I am in the semi-final of a Major and I just beat the best clay court player this season. I showed I can play as well. I think people forget that.” Zverev will play either Novak Djokovic or Rafael Nadal in the semi-final. It will come as a relief that he will play his final-four clash on the Philippe-Chantrier court after complaining that Roland-Garros organisers were being unfair in deciding who plays on the main court. “I played on Chatrier once, Djokovic played twice, Nadal three times, like Alcaraz,” Zverev said following his Round of 16 win over Bernabe Zapata Miralles. “Sure, he (Alcaraz) is the new superstar, the new face of tennis and it’s nice to see something new too, but in our half of the draw it should be more divided who’s playing when and where.”