The Royal author joked about being asked by the Duchess of Cornwall if she was still working on her new Royal book. Ms Levin claimed that Camilla had said a lot of things to her. Ms Levin boasted about the Duchess jokingly saying she had to be nice to her, as she was writing her book. But Ms Levin pushed audiences to go and buy her book to find out more.  Ms Levin told GB News: "She said lots of things, you have to buy it and see." Ms Akua said: "No no go on, tell me... Give me one thing she said." Ms Levin added: "I'll leave all my... Well, she said to me Angela are you still writing. "She said I've got to be nice to you haven't I." JUST IN: Police release CCTV footage of suspects attacking Margret Thatcher's statue  The Queen announced that Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall will become Queen consort when Prince Charles takes the throne. Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the changes the Royal family are implementing into the institution. Ms James told Express.co.uk: "Her behaviour might not look like a forensic campaign of ingratiation but Camilla has put patience and stealth above more active PR campaigning to win over a public that viewed her as public enemy number one in the days after Diana’s death." Ms James added: "She very carefully shows no signs of wanting or enjoying the limelight or the attention. "Her appearances with Charles place her firmly in the role of support, with little if any stepping up and upstaging her husband, who has a tendency to jealously when and if that occurs." According to a report from YouGov on the Duchess of Cornwall's popularity, 40% of Britons like her. And 31% of those who took the poll say they dislike her, whilst 26% remain neutral in their opinion.   DON’T MISS: Man dies after being tasered by police and falling into River Thames Putin warned that West will 'decisively and directly' attack Russia if red line crossed 'Only they could suck life out of Jubilee!' BBC's coverage savaged in furious on-air rant Despite popularity polls, Camilla has gained more favour from the public over the years. Professor Otnes, co-author of ‘Royal Fever’ told Express.co.uk:  “I was sad for Camilla. “She is a very interesting figure in this whole [royal] story because of course there was a whole time when she was the vilified Viper. “I was sad for her during the period where she and Charles wanted to clearly be a couple and she couldn't even come out and do anything for like 10 years. “She had to wait till the Queen would say hello to her and all to orchestrate this stuff.” 