Navy veteran Roger Edwards, 75, served in all phases of the Falklands War, and then decided to settle on the islands afterwards. However, his decision meant his state pension was frozen as a result of a policy for those living in certain countries overseas. The state pension is only uprated for those living in certain places, which are outlined as: Because he lives in a country not covered by the uprating, Mr Edwards is now losing £35 per week, or £1,800 a year, compared to his UK counterparts or those living in several other overseas nations Although the Falklands are British territory UK pensioners, including military veterans, living on the islands are missing out on annual uprating of the state pension. READ MORE: Pension alert: You could ‘disqualify yourself’ from receiving benefits Mr Edwards has penned an open letter to the Prime Minister, condemning the Government for the ongoing frozen pensions issue. In the letter, he writes: “When I fought for my country, with pride and good faith, I would have never imagined that Great Britain would forget me and leave me without the full pension I deserve and paid for. “It is unfathomable to think this has happened to half a million fellow pensioners, including those who have built the Falkland Islands into the thriving community that it is today. “As we celebrate the liberation of the Falklands forty years ago this week, I want to remind you that British pensioners living on British land are being abandoned – left to face the uncertainty of retirement on pensions depreciating year by year.” DON'T MISSPension alert: You face a test at 75 which will determine tax [ANALYSIS]'Not enough to live on!' Carer, 62, laments state pension sum [EXCLUSIVE]Britons could slash tax bill by ‘up to £1,220’ but thousands miss out [INSIGHT] Mr Edwards is now calling upon the Government to end the “two-tiered” approach to state pensions. He added: “I hope you will recognise that nothing - not even lip service - will pay our bills and maintain a quality of life like a full state pension.” The frozen pensions policy is the outcome of a series of historical reciprocal agreements negotiated with a number of countries. However, campaign groups such as End Frozen Pensions argue the policy can be changed through domestic legislation. The group estimates over 500,000 people have been impacted by the policy, describing the matter as a “postcode lottery”. It is also thought 90 percent of those impacted live in Commonwealth countries. Some, like those in the Falklands, are living on British overseas territory, but still do not benefit from an annual state pension rise. John Duffy, Chair of the International Consortium of British Pensioners, said: “Around 60,000 military veterans around the world are being abandoned by the very country they devoted their lives to serving. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “How can it be just that a pensioner residing in the Falklands, on British land, should have their pension frozen, while if they moved to Jamaica, the US, or the Philippines, they would receive their payments in full? “No logic, moral or fiscal reason can justify the unfairness of this policy. “It’s high time the UK Government paid all pensioners the full pension they deserve.” A Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "We will forever be indebted to our brave personnel who fought and gave their lives to liberate the Falklands. “This year we will spend over £110billion on the state pension and our priority is ensuring every pensioner, including veterans, receives all the financial support to which they are entitled. “We understand that people move abroad for many reasons and we provide clear information about how this can impact on their finances. The Government’s policy on the uprating of the UK state pension for recipients living overseas is a longstanding one of more than 70 years and we continue to uprate state pensions overseas where there is a legal requirement to do so.”