The total of retirees turning to equity release schemes is rocketing – as some analysts say prices may stall soon. Quick-thinking owners want to guarantee a comfortable retirement. The tactic is also being used to spare children and grandchildren from tough decisions about selling off the family home to pay sky-high later life care costs. Under equity release, older owners borrow against the value of their home. The rush to cash in on property funded £3billion of spending last year and that is set to top £5.6billion this year, as the number of scheme users doubles. House prices boomed by 9.8 percent in the year to March, to an average £278,000 – up £24,000 on 12 months homeowners using equity release each year is expected to rise by more than a third in the next decade. “This is part of a broader trend of homeowners turning to their property wealth to help support their retirement, alongside a boom in house prices which has seen our homes become such an important asset.” David Burrowes, chairman of the Equity Release Council trade body, said the popularity of the schemes this year is due to products giving greater flexibility and property market growth that has far outstripped inflation, alongside an ageing population: “After two years where customer numbers have been subdued by the pandemic, realising gains from rising house prices can make a major difference to people’s quality of life. Not only are more people considering equity release, but they are doing so for many different reasons...helping old and young alike to fund everyday costs and major life events. “Innovation has made equity release products more adaptable to customers’ changing circumstances. Our standards mean lifetime mortgages remain the most secure type of retirement home finance, with customers protected from interest rate rises, repossession and passing on debt due to negative equity.” The average house price is £278,000 – some £24,000 higher than a year ago – but some analysts say the good times cannot last forever and the bubble will soon burst. Equity release lets over-55s access money tied up in the value of their home without having to sell it. Homeowners can continue to live in the property, but take out a loan from an equity release provider secured against it. The loan is repaid when the borrower moves into care, or dies. The schemes are designed for people who have lots of money locked away in their property, but little in the way of an income. Greater use of equity release comes as homeowners are hit by rising inflation, high living-costs and the spectre of age-associated health concerns. The use of equity release to fund retirement is expected to double to one in 10 retirees, with cash used on everyday spending as well as luxuries. Analysis by Legal & General and Centre for Economics and Business Research consultants shows £1 in every £90 spent by retired people was funded that way. Homeowners have released £1.4billion already in 2022, and that is tipped to hit almost £6billion by the end of the year. The trend does come with warnings. However, Equity release is not a surefire way to an easy retirement, with debt held against homes increasing through accrued interest. Some observers say money is better off left invested in property than as cash in the bank. Just five percent of homeowners use equity release to fund retirement now. Stephen Bacic, founding partner of Sandringham Financial advisers, said more clients are using equity release to raise funds for children and grandchildren “which helps sidestep the crucial issue of whether the family home should be to benefit the parents or the next generation”. Estate agent Charles Wycherley, of Lewes, East Sussex, said: “We have had two-and-a-bit years of phenomenal sales and price rises ... but of course you cannot be at a peak forever. The surprise to many was the market going even higher after [the stamp duty incentive] due to pent-up demand.” Care costs are set to triple to £94.1billion by 2040 as around one in ten over-65s has dementia, rising to one in three over-85s. Someone with assets of more than £23,250 is likely to pay care fees in full. In 2019 then-Health Secretary Matt Hancock vowed that no-one would have to sell their home to pay for care in old age. House prices have continued to soar in recent months - with the latest Halifax House Price Index claiming average house prices in May 2022 were 10.5 percent higher than the same month in 2021. This is a new record high, with the price of homes rising for the 11th month in a row. However, the annual growth rate has started to slow which suggests that economic reality is finally catching up with the housing market. And with interest rates hiked up to 1.25 percent in an attempt to curb inflation which will hit homeowners with mortgages, and the effect of the cost of living and a possible recession, some observers fear a correction on house prices and possible crash is on the cards. Kevin Bell and his wife Pearl, both 74, took out £75,000 on a drawdown plan from their property wealth through equity release. The couple, who live in Cambridge, initially released £29,000. They wanted to maintain their current standard of living when Mr Bell retired from his role as a sales manager. “The idea of us taking money out of the house to live a better retirement really made sense,” he said. “We’ve lived in this house for over 30 years – it was, and still is, the family home, so selling it was never really an option." “Taking out equity release has meant we’ve been able to continue the same standard of lifestyle without the financial pressure." “In light of the current cost of living crisis, I’m more relieved than ever that we did so." “Our energy costs are likely to be our biggest bills." “We involved both our children before making the decision to go ahead with equity release because it’s their inheritance." “They said they would be thankful for whatever they inherited anyway and were of the opinion we should use the money to travel and do the things we want to in retirement." ----------------------------- The main advantages: 1. You don’t have to move house. 2. You can spend the money however you like. 3. Your monthly outgoings will not increase. You don’t have to repay until death or you go into long-term care. 4. You can take money out of your home as and when you need it if the scheme has a “drawdown” element. 5. Money you receive from a lifetime mortgage loan is tax-free  The disadvantages: 1. Interest charges can mount up. The longer you borrow through a plan, the more interest can build so when the plan finishes you and your family may owe money. 2. Your family may receive a smaller inheritance because you have to repay your provider. 3. You may miss out on house price increases. 4. It is often very expensive to cancel a policy. 5. Some schemes can involve large set-up costs, such as valuation and legal advice. ----------------------------- Comment by Craig Brown Kevin Bell and his wife Pearl, both 74, took out £75,000 on a drawdown plan from their property wealth through equity release. The couple, who live in Cambridge, initially released £29,000. They wanted to maintain their current standard of living when Mr Bell retired from his role as a sales manager. “The idea of us taking money out of the house to live a better retirement really made sense,” he said. “We’ve lived in this house for over 30 years – it was, and still is, the family home, so selling it was never really an option." “Taking out equity release has meant we’ve been able to continue the same standard of lifestyle without the financial pressure." “In light of the current cost of living crisis, I’m more relieved than ever that we did so." “Our energy costs are likely to be our biggest bills." “We involved both our children before making the decision to go ahead with equity release because it’s their inheritance." “They said they would be thankful for whatever they inherited anyway and were of the opinion we should use the money to travel and do the things we want to in retirement.” Craig Brown is the Chief executive of Legal & General Home Finance.