On The Ramsey Show - Highlights YouTube, Katie called in because she was not sure what to do about her husband's life insurance. Katie and her husband took out life insurance when he was 64 however the premium is $210 (around £174) a month and it’s for life. Katie does not work as she was made redundant, so she was not sure if the couple should continue paying his life insurance each month, as they solely rely on her husband's income. He makes about $70,000 (around £58,000) a year. Their home is paid off and they do not live their children. Due to bad decisions when they were younger they have “virtually nothing” in their nest egg, they have around $60,000 (around £50,000). She does not think they will be able to retire as she will probably “get another job”, however it has been hard due to her age. READ MORE: 'Racked in fear' - Man 'cried his eyes out' after hackers stole £18,000 in devious scam The pair are working towards paying that off their debt first before saving for retirement. Katie reassured the finance expert that they had cut up their credit cards and do not use it anymore. Katie and her husband are on a budget and are hoping to have their money paid off in the next year. Mr Ramsey said: “Okay so then you guys are going to get your emergency fund in place and stack up everything you can into retirement as fast as you can.” Their home is paid off and they do not live with their children. Due to poor decisions when they were younger they have “virtually nothing” in their nest egg, they have around $60,000 (around £50,000). Due to this, Mr Ramsey suggested that she keep the life insurance in place as it acts as a guaranteed income if her husband was to die. He continued: “You’ve got a paid for house, and you’ll be debt free soon but you don’t have any money. “I would keep that for a while but as soon as you’ve got $300,000 (around £248,000)saved which you ought to have in a few years, I would look at dropping it at that point. “The point is, are you okay financially when he dies if you have a paid for house and $300,000 (around £248,000) saved, you’ll probably be okay.” Katie was just worried that they were “doing something really stupid”. However Mr Ramsey reassured her that she was not, however she had to play “catch up” now. “You need get on the horse and kick it hard,” he said.