Property prices in the UK have steadily increased over the last year, now firmly within the £200,000 range across the UK. The UK-wide average, according to the House Price Index (HPI) currently sits at £289,099, an increase of £23,100 from £265,999 in June 2021. Those prices have risen consistently since October 2021, but they are due for a change, one the Bank of England may help manifest. The BoE's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) is due to meet this week on Thursday when it will decide whether to raise the interest rate again. Economists believe the committee will opt to introduce its fifth consecutive boost following similar decisions in December, February, March and May. The total will likely settle between 0.25 percent and 0.5 percent, the highest since 2009, putting the breaks on an already slow economy. READ MORE: Homes Under the Hammer buyer spends £2k to boost value by £24k The resulting 1.25 or 1.5 percent interest rate will ultimately mean lenders have to pay more. And, as they pass those costs off to consumers, the rates may leave demand dwindling. Experts believe price growth will either slow or the steady upwards trend will flatten. Others have predicted the rate would cut into net inflation in the housing market. Buying agents Henry Pryor said hikes to interest would cut a couple of points off the overall inflation rate by 2023. They said: “It will dampen enthusiasm, but it won’t cause prices to fall. "House price inflation this time next year will be two percent rather than five percent.” But they said demand wouldn't change significantly, as agents have a steady supply of buyers. The agents said: “Demand always exceeds supply, even when house prices historically fall. “The average estate agent’s office today has about 20 houses for sale but nearly 400 buyers on their books.” Analysts have already spotted some slowing in the property sector since the year began. While house prices hit a new high in May, data from Halifax shows annual growth cooled to 10.5 percent. Mortgage activity has also started to slow, which the bank believes will eventually reduce activity on the market. The bank's managing director Russell Galley said price inflation had hit house hunters to variable degrees. Mr Galley said buyers searching for a flat need £10,000 more, while those set on a detached home need an additional £50,000. He added that the change would hit first-time buyers worst as the rungs on the housing ladder "widen".