The offender, said by police to have "been known to the victim", attacked the teenager and his mother, who is in her 40s, last night. Both victims were rushed from the address in Miles Platting, Manchester, to hospital, where the teenager has since died. The mother is now in a stable condition and is being supported by specialist officers. Police said the incident is "domestic" and Manchester Evening News reports no arrests have yet been made. The boy is understood to have been 'trying to defend his mum'. Officers say the attacker is an Asian man who was wearing dark clothing at the time. He is believed to be aged in his mid 40s and of medium build and medium height. Greater Manchester Police also say the man was last seen walking on Sawley Road in Miles Platting shortly after the attack took place. Anyone who spots him is being urged not to approach and instead call 999 immediately. Detective Chief Inspector Gina Brennand, of the force, said: “Last night’s events are nothing short of devastating as a teenage boy has tragically lost his life and a mother is grieving in hospital after also being seriously attacked. “We have trained family liaison officers dedicated to supporting her and her family at this incredibly distressing time, and we are committed to doing all we can to make sure we bring the person responsible to justice.  "This is a shocking incident for the people of Manchester to wake up to, but I do wish to stress that our enquiries so far suggest this was a contained and domestic-related incident; however, anyone that sees a man fitting our description looking suspicious should not approach him and call 999. "This is a ferocious attack that has seen a teenage boy fatally injured and we are working at a tremendous pace to find the person that did this and to take them off the streets and into custody where we can continue to piece together what we know about this utterly tragic incident." A large police cordon remains in place at the scene of the incident this morning. Officers from the Major Incident Team are carrying out investigations.