Stacey Solomon, 32, has fired back at cruel trolls mocking her body after the Loose Women star posted a snap of herself on Instagram. She shared the picture in response to a fan’s questions about her favourite outfit. On the picture-sharing app earlier today, a fan posed a question to Stacey based on her saying: “Ask me anything about summer/swim collection”. The anonymous user wrote: “Which piece did you think would be most out of your comfort zone but absolutely love?” The question was asked in full view of Stacey’s 5.3 million followers. Stacey answered, saying: “I can honestly say I’ve found this collection most daunting of all. I am so grateful for my body and I love it. READ MORE: Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo “But I am fully aware that there are so many people out there who will have their opinions on what I look like because I am no Victoria’s Secret model. “So I was nervous making swimwear and then modelling it and sharing it on here but no matter what anyone says about you or how society tends to make people feel about themselves just keep telling yourself… “F*** what anyone else thinks. Don’t give them that power.” The snap shows Stacey wearing a white pineapple-patterned bikini. She also last week shared a post on her main account which was aimed at the issue of not worrying what others think. The post addressed her daughter Rose alongside a short clip of the two playing on the sand. Stacey explained she hoped Rose didn’t grow up worrying about her appearance. She wrote in the caption: “Dear Rose, I hope you grow up and love who you are. DONT MISS: Catherine Zeta-Jones causes a stir over being 'serenaded' by Bono (PHOTOS)Richard Osman breaks silence on replacing Anne Robinson on Countdown (NEWS)Amber Heard 'cleaned up' after Johnny Depp ‘lost control of his bowels (LATEST) “I hope that love is never determined by your appearance. To the moon and back darling… “It’s going to be 34 [degrees] in some places tomorrow. “Where Whatever Makes You Feel Comfortable. You’re beautiful. Never let anyone make you believe otherwise - This is not a paid post but I am wearing my Bikini from My Range [AD].” The presenter’s fans were out in droves on the social media platform to share their well-wishes. Missgreedyshome wrote: “Love you two so much.” Nanobebe_uk said: “Love this.” Gabyroslin commented with a series of red love hearts.