Russia’s invasion of Ukraine prompted both Sweden and Finland to bolster their own security arrangements by applying for NATO membership. The military alliance is an exclusive club of the world’s most advanced economies and membership guarantees protection from outside threats. The Scandinavian countries took a step closer to becoming NATO members today after receiving an invitation to join the alliance. A NATO statement published during the alliance’s summit in Madrid read: “We reaffirm our commitment to NATO’s Open Door Policy. “Today, we have decided to invite Finland and Sweden to become members of NATO, and agreed to sign the Accession Protocols. “ READ MORE: Putin’s artillery devastated by Ukrainian military using US howitzers Their membership was held up due to Turkey, a current NATO member, which had concerns about whether Finland and Sweden would support a Kurdish group it considers terrorists. Sweden and Finland released statements confirming they would not support the Kurdistan Workers’ Party, which is also deemed a terrorist group by the EU and US. A statement from Finland’s President today expressed support for condemning all forms of terrorism. It read: “Over the past weeks, Türkiye has raised its concerns over the threat of terrorism. Finland has constantly taken these concerns seriously. “Finland condemns terrorism in all its forms and manifestations. As a NATO member, Finland will commit fully to the counterterrorism documents and policies of NATO.” NATO’s protocols need to be ratified in Sweden and Finland before the countries can become members. Once NATO’s protocols have been passed in the two countries, all current members of the alliance need to notify the Secretary General of their acceptance. Only after this is done can Sweden and Finland become formal NATO members and enjoy the benefits of the alliance. NATO General Secretary Jens Stoltenberg said the alliance would fast-track the applications which are expected to be completed in a matter of weeks. Until then, NATO members are not obliged to come to Finland or Sweden’s defence if they are attacked by Russia, although some countries have made commitments to do so anyway. DON'T MISS:Furious French vow to COUNTER EU ally’s army plot [ANALYSIS]Ukraine LIVE: Erdogan slammed for wasting 'NATO card' in botched plot [REACTION]Ukraine destroys £12m Russian helicopter with British-made missile [INSIGHT] The UK confirmed in May that it would come to their aid should either suffer an invasion, including through military support. A statement from Boris Johnson read: “We confirmed that, should either country suffer a disaster or an attack, the United Kingdom and Finland will, upon request from the affected country, assist each other in a variety of ways, which may include military means.” Swedish and Finnish troops could be part of NATO’s newly improved Response Force, which is expected to grow to more than 300,000 troops in a state of high readiness. Mr Stoltenberg announced plans earlier this week to “transform the NATO response force” which is facing its biggest challenge for decades. Right now, thousands of NATO troops from across its members are stationed in Eastern Europe in Poland, Latvia and Estonia, protecting the alliance’s border with Russia. Russia has publicly threatened Sweden and Finland in recent months, and warned them against joining the alliance in a chilling message which appeared to threaten an escalation of the war in Ukraine. The Kremlin called Finland’s NATO aspirations an “error” and said: “Such a change in the country’s foreign policy could negatively affect Russian-Finnish relations.” Both countries ignored Vladimir Putin’s threats and proceeded to apply for membership anyway, raising the realistic prospect of extending NATO’s borders to northern Russia.