Kate and William attended the memorial service to mark the fifth anniversary of the Grenfell Tower fire earlier today. They were seen conversing with attendees of the service, before taking their seats in the front row. The multi-faith service, organised by Grenfell United, took place at the foot of Grenfell Tower. It consisted of prayers, readings and choir performances. There was also a 72-second silence to mark the 72 people that were killed in the fire. The fire took place on June 14, 2017 in a tower block in West London. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are expected to lay wreaths and flowers to pay tribute to the victims.  Ahead of the service, they met privately with survivors of the fire and those who lost loved ones. Prince William previously accompanied the Queen to meet those affected by the fire in June 2017, including local residents, members of the community and emergency responders. More recently, William and Kate met Grenfell survivors during a visit to mark the launch of the National Emergencies Trust, of which The Duke is Patron, in November 2019. Grenfell United was formed in the wake of the fire by a group made up of survivors and the bereaved. It works to provide care and support to those affected and also advocates for families to ensure that the Grenfell disaster is not repeated. Grenfell United held memorial services in 2018 and 2019. While these services did not run during the pandemic, the organisation instead facilitated individual visits to the site for the bereaved and survivors of the event. This morning, victims of the blaze were also remembered at a Westminster Abbey service. The multi-faith service took place at 11am, beginning with a read-out of the names of the victims. The Dean of Westminster, the Very Reverend Dr David Hoyle, said the loss was "still vivid and sharp". He added: "We gather as those who look for justice and a renewed commitment to securing safety in our homes; safety in times of fire. "Grateful for the support of the communities and individuals that have sustained the bereaved and the survivors over the last five years, we meet in faith and hope looking to a better, safer, surer future." In attendance was former prime minister Theresa May, Mayor of London Sadiq Khan and Housing Secretary Michael Gove. 