Chelsea are in pole position to pip Arsenal and Tottenham to the signing of Everton striker Richarlison, according a new report. The London trio are all avid admirers of the Brazilian, who could leave Goodison Park for the right price this summer. Richarlison played a pivotal role in securing Everton's top-flight status in the final weeks of last term after months spent flirting with the relegation zone. And his tally of 11 goals and five assists in all competitions has put him on the radar of some of the Premier League's biggest clubs. Arsenal, Chelsea and Tottenham have all been chasing a summer deal for Richarlison, but it's the Blues who are expected to snap up the Brazilian ace, according to a new report from The Independent. After months of uncertainty, Chelsea are finally able to start laying down concrete plans for next season under their new owner Todd Boehly - and they 'expected to trump' interest from Arsenal and Spurs to land Richarlison to kickstart their summer spending. READ NOW: Ronaldo has ‘approved’ Man Utd signing but now the Glazers must act Landing Richarlison would be a major boost for Blues chief Thomas Tuchel, who saw his side struggle for goals last term. It was a torrid season for Chelsea's strikers; including club-record signing Romelu Lukaku. The Belgian's 15-goal haul was more than any other player managed last term - but much, much more was expected of the £97.5million man, who is now expected to seal the temporary return to Inter Milan that he has spent the past few months pining for. Richarlison is comfortable operating as a central striker or on the flanks, and his versatility would be a welcome asset for Tuchel as he looks to build a squad capable of mounting a sustained title challenge next season. DON'T MISSTen Hag 'disappointed' as Van Gaal set to stop Timber joining Man UtdChristian Eriksen has 'accepted' element of Man Utd transferMan Utd have Fernandes opinion on De Jong as details emerge As well as Richarlison, Chelsea have also been linked with a shock move for Raheem Sterling. The Manchester City star has just one year remaining on his current deal at the Etihad and could also be on the move if the Premier League champions receive an adequate offer. Despite his starring role for the England national team over the past 12 months, Sterling has still found himself in and out of City's team and is believed to be open to exploring a move this summer. And given that Sterling is a proven Premier League goalscorer after netting 78 league goals over the course of the past five seasons at the Etihad, the 27-year-old definitely has the clinical touch that most of the Blues forward players were lacking last year.