 Many driving experts have highlighted hypermiling as being one of the key resources to combat the rising fuel costs. In some instances, using simple hypermiling techniques can help cut petrol and diesel usage by up to 40 percent.  Karl Dyson, Founder of hypermiler.co.uk, spoke to Jeremy Vine on BBC Radio 2 earlier today to explain the benefits of fuel-saving methods. He said: “Hypermiling is using a series of techniques and tricks to maximise the efficiency of your vehicle. “There are a number of tools that hypermilers use to help them increase efficiency is in-gear coasting, but certainly turning off the ignition removes things like power steering. “So that really is a big no-no. READ MORE: Drivers could be fined thousands for letting an ambulance go past  “Most modern engines and vehicles, when you move your foot off the accelerator, your engine uses no fuel at all. “Obviously when you're engine is idling which is putting your foot on the clutch, you are actually using fuel. “But obviously they have their advantages and disadvantages. “With the clutch depressed, you will roll further than you would if you were essentially doing in-gear coasting. DON'T MISSDrivers warned of large fines for low fuel error - 'No excuse' [WARNING]EU speed limiters set to launch next month despite widespread concerns [URGENT]Eyesight warning to elderly drivers after pensioner sinks car in water [SHOCKING]  “It's about weighing up the road conditions and using them at the right time.” This comes as drivers across the UK struggle to deal with the ever-increasing price of petrol and diesel. Both fuel types have broken price records this week, with petrol hitting 178.5p a litre on Monday and diesel reaching 185.2p per litre. The RAC has predicted that the cost of a litre of fuel could soon hit £2 per litre, meaning an average tank of fuel would cost “an unbelievable £110”.  Mr Dyson continued by advising drivers on the best ways they can save on fuel and boost their efficiency. He added: “Normally peak efficiency for most vehicles is around 50 to 60mph and in cities, you will do less to the gallon. “But yes, slowing down will help increase fuel efficiency. “The way that I would say it to others is if you’re going under 40mph, wind down the windows.  “Anything over that obviously put the air con on but also put the recirculation mode on, which means it will be cooling the air within your vehicle rather than cooling the hot air from the outside.” RAC fuel spokesperson Simon Williams called on the Government to take “drastic action” to help ease the burden on drivers from the “never-before-seen pump prices”. This reiterated the call to action that the RAC made yesterday, demanding the Government take further action after the 5p fuel duty cut in March. The motoring organisation supported “radical Government intervention” to lower costs as the cost of living crisis rages on. Alex Hasty, director at comparethemarket.com, said: "As the cost of fuel increases, it is becoming tough for many drivers to stay on the road. “Our research shows high petrol and diesel prices are now forcing drivers to make fewer journeys, and some are needing to cut back on seeing friends and family. “More than eight in 10 drivers are worried about the increasing fuel prices and one in three fears they won't be able to cover the cost of driving in the coming weeks. “Concerningly, 31 percent of drivers think they will need to take on additional debt to afford to keep driving.”