The 89-year-old award-winning actress revealed she could not work for the BBC for 10 years after speaking up to male executives about having her own sketch show. She recalled how the head of the BBC and head of comedy were "not happy" about her wanting a sketch show as they were worried it would "destroy" her "tizzy blonde" image.   Sam asked Sheila if there were things she had done in her career that she wished she hadn’t put up with during the podcast interview. Sheila replied: “When I did the programme that they gave me to shut me up because I was complaining about only doing rubbish sitcoms. "They gave me a thing called Now Seriously with Sheila Hancock - which then became a series called Simply Sheila, which was sketches and interviews and all sorts of things. "And there was one sketch which I’d done in the theatre about a very racist and horrible landlady who hated everybody, it was a vicious sketch by a wonderful writer. READ MORE: GMB viewers demand Richard Madeley be removed over Rwanda question   "The person directing it, who was a man, said, 'You can’t do that Sheila', and I said, 'Why not?' "And he said - along the lines of - you are going to destroy your image, which at that point was tizzy blonde." She continued: "And I said I know it works and I want to do it, he said 'I am saying you can’t'. "Now it was the one time I thought, 'Okay I’m not going to take this lying down, I said can I take it higher.'    "So I went to the head of comedy and he said, 'I don’t think you should do it either' and I then went to the head of the BBC Huw Weldon. "I said, 'I wanted to do this sketch', and it was unheard of - dare I say - for a woman to stand up for herself like that. "Anway, he and all of them eventually said, 'Look you can do it to the studio audience and if it goes well it can go in the programme, but we’re not happy about it, and I did it and it went like a bomb and it went in the programme and I didn’t work for the BBC for 10 years after that.” The actress went on to star in a host of major films including The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas and was awarded a DBE for her services to drama and charity in 2021.  DON'T MISS...Sheila Hancock admits she ‘should be anti-royal’ while praising Queen [LATEST]Prince William was 'a little scared’ giving damehood to Sheila Hancock [INSIGHT]Sheila Hancock recalls ‘embarrassment’ of Queen’s damehood [INTERVIEW]   Sheila recently opened up about the honour during an appearance on The One Show. The modest star quipped she was certain they “must have got the wrong person”. “Prince William was a little bit scared because he hadn’t done it for two years,” she said. “But it was all so gentle and friendly, and everybody was treated with respect. I thought it was lovely.”    Sheila added she loves “a parade, carriages, jewels and all that”, but feels she should be “anti-royal” because she is a “leftie”. However, she went on to compliment the Queen for serving the nation for 70 years. Sheila told Radio Times: "To have this little woman who is just herself rather than pretending to be something [like some of our politicians] is amazing, isn’t it? "Let’s pat her on the back," she added. Sheila's interview on The Shift with Sam Baker, part of the Acast Creator Network, is out now. 