Summer Higgins (played by Piper Perabo) made quite the introduction to Yellowstone in season four, striking up a romance with John Dutton (Kevin Costner) before being manipulated by his scheming daughter Beth (Kelly Reilly) to wind up behind bars. Heading into season five of the Paramount Network drama, Summer is facing a lengthy stint locked up thanks to Beth’s meddling but with John set to run for Governor of Montana alongside a new clue from Perabo’s Instagram, perhaps she’ll be back on the Yellowstone Ranch sooner than anticipated. The latest clue to suggest Summer could be a free woman at some point in Yellowstone season five comes via her Instagram Stories. Perabo reshaped a snap taken by Yellowstone director and Cinematographer, Christina Alexandra Voros. Voros took a breath-taking snap of the horses on the ranch against the backdrop of blue skies and fluffy white clouds, captioning the post: “Wild horses couldn’t drag me away…. S5.” (Sic) The picturesque snap caught the eye of 1883’s Eric Nelsen who replied with a series of love-heart-eyed emojis while Laramie star Hassie Harrison quipped: “How much did you pay those clouds to do that?!!” READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5: John 'confirmed' as Governor after filming clue Perabo, meanwhile, shared Voros’ post to her own page with the simple caption: “@yellowstone” alongside a blackened love heart. Could this mean Perabo was on set to see the snap taken firsthand? If so, with the photo clearly on the ranch, perhaps it means Perabo was filming alongside Costner on the famous grounds rather than behind bars. The only way for this to happen, of course, would be if Summer were released from the lengthy sentence she faces in the fifth run. This is the first reference to Yellowstone season five Perabo has shared since filming began in Montana last month. Therefore, could it be safe to assume this moment captured by the show’s director held a special meaning to the actor? While it may be one piece of evidence to support the theory, another could be the fact John looks set to win the race for Governor of Montana. After blindsiding Jamie (Wes Bentley) with his endorsement from Governor Lynelle Perry (Wendy Moniz), the race for Governor of Montana appeared to have a new frontrunner - although his victory wasn’t confirmed. DON'T MISS:Yellowstone 1932: John Dutton foreshadowed plot for new Paramount showYellowstone season 5 theory: Beth and Rip take over ranch from John?Yellowstone’s Rip and Lloyd stars reunite in sweet message However, with season five filming underway in Montana, a clip shared by NBC Montana has left some eagle-eyed fans convinced John will indeed be sworn in. The network shared a compilation of the Yellowstone cast and crew shooting in Missoula, Montana outside the courthouse. Reddit user and Yellowstone fan AmericanWanderlust shared NBC Montana’s social media clip on the forum site, saying: “If you pause and zoom at one point you can literally see Costner's hand on the bible and his right go up to take the oath of office. “Gahhhh. This seems like such a copout!” they argued, unimpressed with the possibility of John’s victory. (Sic) So if John is indeed given governor status, surely he’ll do what he can to see Summer freed. After all, he was horrified by Beth’s antics to land her there and was similarly gobsmacked by the judge’s verdict. With the two pieces of social media clues combined, is it enough to convince fans Summer will indeed be freed in season five? Yellowstone season 5 premieres on the Paramount Network in the USA on November 13. Seasons 1-3 will arrive on Paramount+ when it launches in the UK later this year.