Experts are warning that dental charges are still “rising well above inflation” despite the Government’s attempt to mitigate the rising cost of medical care. Recently, NHS prescription charges were frozen for the first time in 12 years to help families with the cost of living crisis. Currently, inflation is predicted to hit 11 percent by the end of the year and energy bills are forecast to reach as high as £2,800 by October. With the prescription charge freeze, items will remain at £9.35 for a single charge or £30.25 for a three-month prescription prepayment certificate (PPC). However, experts are sounding the alarm about the state of dental care in the country and are calling for a similar charge freeze when it comes to dental work to help households survive soaring inflation. Research conducted by the Association of Dental Groups found that there were 2,000 fewer dentists carrying out NHS treatment this year. This could potentially leave as large as four million people in the UK without urgent dental care. READ MORE: 'I didn't eat for a week!' Mum of three devastated after losing £4,000 in bank scam Furthermore, a survey conducted by the group found that one in five Britons are worried they will not be able to afford appointments due to the rise in the cost of living. As well as this, the Association’s poll revealed that over one in 10 young people aged between 18 and 34 have not been to the dentist in the past year due to anxieties over the expense of treatment. Some one in 10 expect they will be forced to cut down on appointments to help their finances during the cost of living crisis. Around two in five respondents to the survey admitted to not having been to the dentist in over a year.  One in five of this group cited being unable to afford a dental appointment as part of their reasoning. Almost three-quarters of people polled said they would support a political party which promised to improve access to NHS dentistry Neil Carmichael, the chair of the Association of Dental Groups and former Conservative MP, outlined how much prices for dental treatments have risen in recent years. Mr Carmichael explained: “The cost of living is rising sharply, and people should not have to choose between living costs and caring for their teeth. “It is now harder than ever to get access to dental care in this country and the Government’s slow progress on NHS contract reform is making the situation worse “This poll confirms that the next General Election is where the politicians are going to be judged on levelling up – bread and butter questions such as ‘Can I get access to an NHS dentist? And why are the waiting lists for care so long?’ along with improving the provision of other local public services.” Furthermore, the former MP highlighted how a potential freeze on dental charges could be potentially politically beneficial going forward. He added: “Many MPs know this is the number one issue in their ‘constituency postbags.’ At the root of the problem is a lack of NHS dentists in England. “We have outlined six measures that will help us to make up the deficit and attract more clinicians back to the NHS.” “NHS dental charges have been rising well above inflation for several years until 2021 – as with prescription charges the Government should now reassure the public and announce a freeze to avoid people being deterred from seeking care due to the cost of living crisis. “If there was ever a candidate for 'levelling up', NHS dentistry must be it. “Funding has been flat for the past decade and recruitment is now near impossible in rural and coastal communities – particularly the East of England from Whitley Bay to the Wash.”