The Royal Family wore an array of wonderful outfits over the Platinum Jubilee weekend; from Zara Tindall and Princess Eugenie’s beautiful bright dress at the Service of Thanksgiving to Meghan Markle wearing head to toe bespoke Dior and Kate Middleton recycling classic outfits with new accessories. But the most popular outfit of them all was Prince Louis’ sailor suit. Research conducted by entertainment experts at JeffBet has revealed Prince Louis’ outfit on Thursday for the Trooping of the Colour was extremely popular with the public. The adorable outfit caused Google searches to explode by 2,531 percent in the UK just hours after the parade. The sharp white sailor suit has also become increasingly popular on Twitter as it is said to be the same outfit his father, Prince William, wore to Trooping the Colour back in 1985. The Queen, on the other hand, provided Royal fans with numerous stylish and elegant outfits over the weekend. READ MORE: ‘Elegant’ Sophie Wessex dazzles in Valentino dress & Prada shoes But her chic ‘green coat dress’ caused an explosion in searches by 736 percent, which she wore to the Beacon lighting on Friday at Windsor Castle. The increase in searches means the Queen had the second most popular Royal outfit. The striking green coat dress from Stuart Pravin complimented the Queen's excellent sense of style, which was accessorised with a Racheal Trevor-Morgan hat, white gloves, a new Platinum Jubilee brooch and pearl jewellery. In third place is Princess Beatrice’s powder blue coat dress, which caused an increase in searches by 683 percent after attending the National Service of Thanksgiving at St. Paul's Cathedral alongside her husband, Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. DON'T MISS...Food Awards England 2022: Full list of winning restaurants and pubs [NEWS]'Soggy suitcases!’ Luggage rolls of P&O Cruise liner into sea [UPDATE]Meghan and Harry ‘presented’ Lilibet to the world in ‘un-royal’ manner [BODY LANGUAGE] The blue coat dress by Beulah London was accessorised with a bowed hat, simple grey pumps and a statement clutch by Sophia Webster, which read ‘Wifey for Lifey’. Meghan Markle’s outfit was more popular than all of Kate’s according to the research. Having opted for a full Dior moment, Meghan’s effortless trench coat dress caused searches to explode by 442 percent, proving how impactful the Duchess is. Despite not having visited the UK in the past two years, the Duchess make a bold statement by only choosing pieces from the 2022 Dior Haute Couture Spring-Summer collection. She completed the look by flying out her stylist crew, Daniel Martin, for makeup and George Northwood for hair. Zara and Lady Fredrick Windsor opted for bright pink at the Thanksgiving Service, and searches for ‘pink coat dress’ exploded 435 percent after they were seen posing together. The Duchess of Cambridge, however, came sixth with the yellow dress that she wore on Friday. A spokesperson from JeffBet commented: “The Queen's platinum jubilee gave the royals a tremendous opportunity to showcase their own personal style where they have once again outdone themselves for one of the most fashionable weekends in royal history. “It has been proven by the explosion in searches on Google, just how much royal fans across the UK want to recreate these iconic looks and get their hands on some of the pieces worn by their favourite royals.” 1. Prince Louis 'Sailor Suit’ - 2531 percent 2. Queen ‘Green Coat Dress’ - 736 percent 3. Princess Beatrice ‘Blue Coat Dress’ - 683 percent 4. Meghan Markle 'Trench Coat Dress’ - 442 percent 5. Zara Tindall & Lady Fredrick Windsor 'Pink Coat Dress’ 435 percent 6. Kate Middleton 'Yellow Midi Dress’ - 298 percent 7. Princess Eugenie 'Orange Midi Dress' - 261 percent 8. Princess Charlotte 'Baby Blue Dress’ - 173 percent 9. Prince George 'Navy Suit’ - 85 percent