Despite announcing his retirement, Tyson Fury is resisting the urge to kick back and relax. The Gypsy King is working out twice a day and has been broadcasting his workout routine to his five-and-a-half million Instagram followers in a clear indication he could fight on. In one Instagram video Fury told fans that he's "absolutely flying" amid claims from US promoter Bob Arum that Fury could step back in the ring to face the winner of Oleksandr Usyk vs Anthony Joshua. He said: "Second session of the day finished. Come on. Smashed it, Get up! absolutely flying... flying." In another recent video, Fury told fans while running across the Morecambe seafront that he was training alone again as his training partners had “all slacked off”. "Lovely little day in the bay, the sun is shining over there somewhere,” said Fury. "While everybody is on holiday, we're in the bay grafting because that's how we roll. Alone again, no training partners today they've all slacked off. Back down to the lone soldier, but here we go don't worry about it." Fury last fought in April of this year when he stopped long-suffering WBC mandatory challenger Dillian Whyte at Wembley Stadium. After the fight, he revealed to fans that he would be stepping away from the sport with “nothing left to do”, but many including his own promoter believe the WBC heavyweight champion isn’t finished yet. Speaking to Fight Hype, Arum said: "Well, I think Fury is going to wait to see how the Joshua fight comes out with Usyk, and then he'll make a determination whether he wants to continue. Other than fighting the winner of Joshua-Usyk, there's really nothing that's really of interest to Tyson Fury, so we will have to see." The Gypsy King is being given time by the WBC to make his final decision on retirement before he is stripped of his heavyweight title, opening the door to a future undisputed fight against the winner of Usyk and Joshua. In an interview with Planet Sport shortly after Fury’s last fight, WBC president Mauricio Sulaiman said: "We're going to give him the time he needs to reflect, to relax, he just did the mandatory of the division. There's no hurry to pressure him or his team into making any decisions. We will be in communications, he's having a holiday with his family.”