Sherwood aired its second instalment on BBC One on Tuesday evening which was full of sinister twists and turns. The series follows the story of a manhunt in Nottinghamshire with the locals and police searching for two killers. However, an "awkward" scene with actor Adeel Akhtar in the latest episode sparked fury among viewers who did not understand its relevance to the plot.  In the opening episode, tensions started mounting between Conservative councillor Sarah Vincent (played by Joanne Froggatt) and her father-in-law Andy Fisher (Adeel Akhtar), who was a Labour supporter. Things took a darker turn in the second outing of the BBC One drama and viewers witnessed a jaw-dropping development at the end of the instalment. While fans took to social media to express how stunned they were at the episode's ending, many viewers hit out over a scene which involved Andy and a Bluetooth speaker. When the character's son Neel (Bally Gill) showed off his new speaker by connecting with his dad's phone Bluetooth, it epically backfired. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes stunned as MP cuts interview short A scene of Andy alone at home watching late-night porn on his phone was aired to viewers confused viewers. Unfortunately for Andy, the speakers blasted out the adult content and woke up Sarah. Sarah phoned Neel to investigate the noise, telling him: "The noise is coming from the speakers, I can hear it's coming from downstairs. "Are you sure it's not you watching a dirty porno in your room?"  Neel stressed how he was miles away in Manchester and insisted the Bluetooth speak "would not reach that far". As Andy was continuing to watch adult content on his phone, his son decided to call and said: "I don't know how to tell you this but I think you are watching something which is coming through the speakers." A mortified Andy denied watching porn and turned his phone's Bluetooth off and started crying with humiliation. The "cringeworthy" scene was slammed by many viewers who did not understand what it had to do with the storyline. DON'T MISS...Sherwood: The true story behind chilling BBC series  [INSIGHT]Sherwood on BBC: Are 'spy cops' real? [EXCLUSIVE]Downton Abbey’s Joanne Froggatt pays tribute to Sherwood co-star [LATEST]  @ASuperGav tweeted: "What was the point of showing us that?" "#Sherwood, was that scene really necessary?" @Lennybow fumed. "Do we really need to see this? #Sherwood." An unimpressed @Dayjur added. A horrified Lara Badger added: "Oh no the cringe! Imagine it. #Sherwood."  However, Marcus B Rabess clapped back at critics, adding: "Turn your telly off, if it's too much for you." Luna Loco quipped: "Well, they're even now on the awkward scale. #Sherwood." The description for episode two reads: "As the hunt for the killer continues, Kevin Salisbury from the MET arrives to assist in the investigation. "And tensions mount as the killer torments the community further." Sherwood continues on Monday at 9pm on BBC One. 