The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are set to move into Adelaide Cottage on the grounds of Windsor Castle before their three children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, start a new school term in September. The young family are set to move into the modest four-bedroom cottage near the Queen’s permanent residence. The move will allow the Duke to keep in close contact with Her Majesty and her staff, with her private secretary and closest aides working from the castle. Royal experts have suggested the move to Windsor is to allow William to spend more time with his 96-year-old grandmother as he steps up his royal duties in preparation for one day becoming King. The family’s move from Kensington Palace to the cottage nearest to Her Majesty’s residence has been welcomed by fans of the Cambridges, arguing that it marks a stark difference Prince Harry’s life in the United States. Royal fan Catyanna commented: “Glad the Cambridges will be close to the Queen. Harry is spending 4 days a week in the gym and playing polo weekly. “Good thing the Queen doesn’t depend on him as he tried to make out. William and Catherine will be there and do the right thing for HM.” Another royal fan said: “The Cambridge devotion to family and duty is a breath of fresh air in Windsor.”  The move has been dubbed a “down-size” by royal observers who point out that the cottage will have no live-in staff or renovations. Speaking on his official YouTube channel, royal expert Neil Sean said: “Prince William and Kate have decided to move back into the grounds of Windsor Castle to be close to Her Majesty The Queen. “They are making sure that the very right people are around her. “They are going to move into a modest four-bedroom cottage, Adelaide Cottage. No renovations will be taking place and they will be looking after themselves with no staff on hand. “There will, of course, be staff nearby at Windsor Castle but no live-in staff as before.” Adelaide Cottage requires no renovations or extra protection as it falls under the already high security of the wider Windsor estate.  READ MORE: William and Harry not ‘enamoured’ with Camilla The Cambridges will be the first members of the royal family to live there. It has previously been occupied by the families of Simon Rhodes, son of the Queen’s cousin Margaret Rhodes, and Sir Hugh Roberts, former Director of the Royal Collection. Its best-known resident was Peter Townsend, who lived there from 1944 with his wife and two sons. He later struck up a relationship with Princess Margaret. Alongside Adelaide Cottage, the royal couple will also keep their Kensington Palace apartment as their family's London home, where their staff will remain. It is understood that their staff will remain at the Palace, where the pair will continue to work from their London office 30 miles away rather than setting up a satellite office alongside the Queen’s staff at Windsor. DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Meghan 'misunderstood' Kate's olive branch [LIVE]Meghan fans accuse Firm of bid to 'silence' Duchess [LATEST]Eugenie and Beatrice's working royal future dashed [BREAKING]  They will also continue to visit their Norfolk home, Anmer Hall, where they are said to feel most at home. It is believed that their country residence will be used for some weekends and holidays with a move to the Duke and Duchess moving back in the long-term. The Cambridge’s three children, eight-year-old George, seven-year-old Charlotte, and four-year-old Louis are all expected to attend the same co-educational prep school near Windsor from the autumn. The move will allow the children to spend more time with their great-grandmother, with the cottage a short work from the Queen’s permanent residence. It also marks a transition for the Cambridges, placing Windsor as the royal court’s new centre surrounding Her Majesty. 