Manchester United's current turmoil could be turned into an advantage for Arsenal in the transfer window with both clubs looking for different targets. Erik ten Hag and Mikel Arteta have big ideas ahead of the summer. Arsenal might find that their transfer problems could be solved simply by pinching as many as four players of United this summer. Both Premier League clubs had a miserable campaign after missing out on the Champions League. Ten Hag has big changes planned at Old Trafford as he prepares to begin a seismic task of taking the Red Devils back to the top. And that could include an overhaul of the squad. Several are already on their way in the form of Edinson Cavani, Paul Pogba and Juan Mata but there is plenty of speculation over the rest of the cast. Arsenal are in a similar position, they are keen to bolster their squad across the board. Marcus Rashford has been strongly linked with an exit from Old Trafford this year after dropping down the pecking order under Ralf Rangnick. Ten Hag might yet revive his career but the England international is desperate to return to the international fold. That could mean a move away to a club where he is guaranteed football while still playing at the highest level possible. It is fair to say he did not have the best of seasons after scoring just four in the Premier League. But Arteta might be the best-placed coach to give Rashford what he wants - a run up front - with the Gunners making a striker a priority in the transfer window. In a similar vein, Arsenal could also launch an audacious move for Anthony Martial. It is clear that the Frenchman has no future at United and his loan move at Sevilla did not go to plan, either. But in Arsenal's fluid forward line, the 26-year-old might rediscover his touch in front of goal that made him such a prospect in his early days at Old Trafford. Together with Rashford, the two could form a deadly partnership - one that Arteta is craving at the Emirates. A cheaper and, perhaps, more attainable target might have already fallen into his lap in the form of Jesse Lingard. The playmaker is out of contract at United and can move wherever he wants for free with the likes of West Ham and Newcastle interested. However, Arsenal could do with the 29-year-old, who was underused in his final campaign with the Red Devils. Finally, another anticipated exit from Old Trafford who has lost his way is Aaron Wan-Bissaka - once tipped as one of the best defenders in the country, a lack of proper coaching has left the former Crystal Palace star in a rut. A return to Selhurst Park has been earmarked but, amid reports Hector Bellerin wants out, a move to the Emirates could be the answer to provide cover at right-back. Arteta is keen to bolster his full-back positions where Takehiro Tomiyasu and Kieran Tierney, though top performers, have had a litany of injury woes. Signing four players from United would not only be bold of Arsenal but could be a masterstroke, though no doubt it would be a risk. This quartet of stars are in dire need of new clubs to kickstart their careers and Arteta might be the man to do so - and the Gunners will benefit.