The adviser to the board of trade discussed Brexit protocols during a debate in Camden. Lord Hannan argued that the UK wanted countries in the EU to prosper and be wealthy neighbours. This week the Brexit row got even more heated after Prime Minister Boris Johnson announced plans to write off parts of the Northern Ireland protocol. Despite threats from Maros Sefcovic, the European Commission Vice-President, who has vowed to take legal action against Britain over Mr Johnson's decision. Lord Hannan claimed he was happy to be in an independent, free and prosperous Britain after Brexit.   Lord Hannan told Intelligence Squared: "The EU, let's report this, is the only actor to have put however briefly to have invoked a border in Ireland. "For the sole purpose of preventing vaccines from reaching the United Kingdom. "And what I infer from that is although we are trying to be good neighbours, although we recognise that we want the EU to prosper just as we want it to be secure. "We want it to be rich we want them to be wealthy neighbours so that they're good customers and we like them. JUST IN: Have Your Say: What do you want to see Boris do to make Brexit a success?     Lord Hannan added: "They have still not got over the idea that Britain is a recalcitrant province that needs to be taught a lesson and brought to heel. "Ultimately I would rather live in a generous open country, interested and engaged in the affairs of every continent including Europe. "Than in one that cannot get over its relations with its biggest market and closest neighbour. "And that's why I am happy in a global Britain, prosperous, independent and free." READ MORE: Putin humiliated as Zelensky's troops capture deadly Russian thermobaric weapons    Prime Minister Boris Johnson announced plans to scrap parts of the Northern Ireland Brexit bill earlier this week. His announcement has been denounced by some EU political figures but has been backed by Foreign Secretary Liz Truss. The special trade agreement was needed for Northern Ireland after the Brexit vote in 2016. And Ms Truss has claimed that the protocol has caused more problems which were not expected when the agreement was first signed. Maros Sefcovic a Slovakian politician who is also serving as the Vice-President of the European Commission for Interinstitutional Relations has pushed back on Britain's plans to scrap parts of the protocol. Mr Sefcovic has now threatened to take legal action against Great Britain, after calling Mr Johnson's plans "illegal". Mr Sefcovic claimed the new plans were "ultimately breaking the law". He added: "Let there be no doubt: there is no legal nor political justification whatsoever for unilaterally changing an international agreement. Opening the door to unilaterally changing an international agreement is a breach of international law as well. So let's call a spade a spade: this is illegal." When asked about taking further action against the UK by reporters, Mr Sefcovic said:  "If this draft Bill becomes the law then I cannot exclude anything. "But we are not there yet and we want to solve this issue as the two partners should, through negotiations, looking for the common ground and delivering for the people of Northern Ireland." 