Motorists could face charges of as much as £27.50 under the new proposals outlined by Sadiq Khan. The plans would see the ULEZ zone expand from the North and South Circular Roads to the entire Greater London area in August 2023. Owners of vehicles that do not comply with minimum emission standards would face a £12.50 fee for entering the zone. This would include residents inside of the zone. That fee, however, is separate from the £15 congestion charge which must be paid daily for cars driving through the centre of London. If motorists own vehicles that do no comply with the emission standards and drive through the city centre, they will face a whopping daily charge of £27.50. READ MORE: Driver charged £229 after paying £85 for parking that doesn't exist Mr Khan has previously claimed that he was “excited” to be expanding the zone. In October, the mayor marked the expansion of ULEZ between the North and South Circular Roads. He said that the expanded zone would bring “health benefits” to millions living in London. Mr Khan added that at least six in 10 households in the expanded zone do not own a car but still “suffer” as a result of pollution. DON'T MISS Private parking firms to increase fines to £120 [SHOCKING] Urgent warning issued to drivers as thieves target road signs [WARNING] Hybrid cars are a much better choice than EVs [REVEAL] The London mayor said last October: ”I'm excited to be expanding the ULEZ this month. “It will bring significant health benefits of clean air to millions of Londoners both inside and outside the zone. “I know it's been opposed by almost half of the Assembly here today. “We know from the Central London ULEZ that focussing on emissions works and the impacts on air quality can be rapid. “Eighty-seven percent of vehicles that drive in the zone now meet the standards up from 39 percent in February 2017 when the toxicity charge, the precursor to the ULEZ was announced. “This had helped reduce toxic nitrogen dioxide by nearly half, fine particulate matter by 27 percent and carbon emissions by six percent. “But I know pollution is not just a Central London problem which is why I'm expanding the zone up to the North and South Circular roads. “Six in 10 households in the expanded zone do not own a car yet suffer appealing air quality in part caused by polluting vehicles.” Motorists have now been advised to familiarise themselves with the proposed expansion, which is subject to a TfL consultation. Currently, the daily charge runs from midnight to midnight, seven days a week, every day of the year, except Christmas Day. Drivers will face fines of up to £160 for failing to pay for their cars, vans, and motorbikes. The fee will go down to £80 if paid within 14 days. Motorists will also face additional congestion charges. Whether or not a vehicle is liable for the ULEZ charge depends on how much nitrogen dioxide (NO2) it emits. NO2 damages lungs and can exacerbate existing conditions such as asthma and lung and heart disease. For diesel cars to avoid the charge they must generally have been registered after September 2015, while most petrol models registered from 2005 are exempt. Mr Khan previously ruled out introducing a Clean Air Charge, which would have affected drivers of all but the cleanest vehicles.