Nicola Sturgeon is to launch the first in a new series of papers that she says will form an "updated independence prospectus". The Scottish First Minister is due to unveil the first of documents in the Scottish Government's Building a New Scotland series at Bute House in Edinburgh on Tuesday. She has slammed Boris Johnson for his lack of "interest in democracy". Speaking to ITV's Border, Ms Sturgeon said: "I'm dealing with the reality that we have a Prime Minister who doesn't respect democracy. "I have to navigate a way forward that delivers a lawful process, because I do, unlike Boris Johnson, respect the rule of law. "We know that the competence of the Scottish Parliament without a Section 30 Order is contested, so that's what we are navigating. That work is well under way." And while she said the papers - seen as update of the independence white paper published in the run-up to the 2014 referendum - would "set out openly the challenges a newly independent Scotland would face", she also stressed they would also "point the way" to a wealthier, fairer and more resilient nation. READ MORE: Boris to unveil Brexit masterplan TODAY but faces bitter row with MPs  The launch comes after Ms Sturgeon's SNP won the 2021 Holyrood election on a manifesto which included a commitment to hold another referendum on Scotland's place in the UK once the Covid crisis had abated. The SNP did not win a majority of seats in the Scottish Parliament in that election, but voters having also returned a record number of Green MSPs created a pro-independence majority within Holyrood. Scottish Green co-leader Patrick Harvie will join Ms Sturgeon in Bute House - the First Minister's official residence - for Tuesday's launch event. The SNP leader has repeatedly made clear she wants a referendum before the end of 2023 - despite fierce opposition from the UK Government to such a vote taking place. And while she said "having the full powers of independence does not guarantee a better future" for Scotland it was "striking just how successful" countries that are similar to Scotland were in comparison with the UK. Such nations, she said, "can help point the way to a new Scotland that is wealthier and fairer, more resilient and better placed to help people with issues such as the cost of living crisis than a UK Government committed to a hard Brexit whatever the cost". Speaking ahead of the launch of the first paper, the First Minister added: "The Building a New Scotland series will set out openly the challenges a newly independent Scotland would face, how they could be overcome as well as the opportunities that come with independence - as demonstrated by the success of comparable independent nations as well as our own resources and talents." Opposition MSPs however insisted the Scottish Government should be more focused on issues such as the cost of living crisis. DON'T MISS Sturgeon squirms over SNP's finances as she earmarks £20m for indyref2 [VIDEO]FMQs: Bitter Sturgeon demands Tory 'self-reflection' [ANALYSIS]Commons in stitches with MP's sewage remark after Boris's vow to stay [INSIGHT] Scottish Conservative constitution spokesman Donald Cameron said: "Nicola Sturgeon is wilfully ignoring Scotland's priorities to push ahead with plans for a second divisive independence referendum in 2023. "The vast majority of Scottish people don't want the distraction of another referendum next year. They want the government 100% focused on our recovery from the pandemic, the global cost-of-living crisis, supporting our NHS and protecting jobs. "Yet Nicola Sturgeon is recklessly pressing ahead with her obsession anyway. This is nothing short of shameful when the country is facing so many momentous challenges." Mr Cameron insisted: "The distraction and disruption of another bitter referendum debate is the last thing Scotland needs right now."