Martin Compston, 38, has said that he once had a run-in with footballer Wayne Rooney, who he describes as a “mammoth” and “intimidating”. It comes as the Line of Duty star appears in Soccer Aid 2022 this weekend.  The actor said he was playing in last year’s match when he had a brief interaction with Wayne.  He added he also bumped into his other football heroes and longtime idols, such as José Mourinho.  Martin said: “It’s dream stuff, playing with heroes like Mo Farah and Usain Bolt.  “I sat in the box next to José Mourinho once and he talked serious tactics with me. READ MORE: Patriotic Kate Moss, 48, wears Union Jack ensemble for Jubilee “There was one point in last year’s match when Wayne Rooney was running at me: he is absolutely mammoth, so intimidating. “It’s fantasy land, to be on the pitch with those guys.” Speaking to Radio Times about the event, he went on to gush over his passion for football. Martin said that he played football professionally before going into acting.  The star admitted playing football was “all I did”.  He explained he and his friends would go to school and play matches before then going on to train every night.  The actor explained his whole life “revolved around” the sport.  He furthered that he became aware of his limitations and understood he had a more practical chance at pursuing acting. DONT MISS: Eamonn Holmes reacts to praise over 'chemistry' with GB News co-host (PHOTOS)Amanda Holden, 50, dares to go braless in dress on chilly London day (NEWS)David Beckham sends alluring message to wife Victoria while topless (LATEST) However, Martin doesn’t ever miss a chance to play when he can. The former footballer said he still plays in as many charity games as he can. He even explained he had a Celtic-themed bar in his house after brewers Tennent’s gave him a tap. Martin is best known for playing anti-corruption unit detective inspector Steve Arnott in BBC Drama Line of Duty. He spoke to the publication about the potential future for the show. The Scottish actor said that he is “delighted” that fans are still interested in more Line of Duty episodes after “all that time”. He spoke of director Jed Mercurio, adding that if he is able to develop more storylines, the cast will work with him to accomplish it. In April, DS Ian Buckells actor Nigel Boyle spoke about a series seven possibility, saying he tried to speak to executive producer Simon Heath about the prospect.