Ghislaine Maxwell has been sentenced to 20 years in a US prison for helping disgraced former financier Jeffrey Epstein abuse young girls. Maxwell, 60, was convicted in December of recruiting and trafficking four teenage girls for sexual abuse by Epstein, who killed himself in a Manhattan jail cell while awaiting trial in 2019. Before her sentencing, Maxwell apologised to the victims, saying she empathised with them and that meeting Epstein was “the biggest regret” of her life.  She said: “My association with Epstein will permanently stain me,” adding that she hoped her prison sentence would allow the victims “peace and finality”. During the Nineties, Maxwell and Epstein rubbed shoulders with the society’s elite, including former US presidents Donald Trump and Bill Clinton. Maxwell has been described as a “connector” who deliberately set out to form friendships with important people. And according to Couri Hay, a gossip columnist, the socialite used Prince Andrew as her “big card”. Mr Hay told the 2022 BBC documentary ‘House of Maxwell’: “She really was a connector. She had this invisible butterfly net, and she would go out in the social scene in London and New York and she would whisk her net and capture the beautiful people. READ MORE: Ghislaine Maxwell jailed for 20 years over sex trafficking of Jeffrey Epstein's victims “The rich, the famous, the powerful people. And she had this posh accent. She was well-educated. “She was witty, she was fun! I mean everybody talks about how much fun she is, and she deliberately set out to make friends with important people.” Mr Hay continued: “And she used her royal Rolodex to do that. Her big card was Prince Andrew. “That was her main calling card. Everywhere she went, it’s Prince Andrew this, Prince Andrew that. “They say in America that if you put out a lamb chop, everyone will come. Well, if you put out Prince Andrew, it’s a rare bird in New York City. You can see all kinds of wildlife here, but royalty is somewhat unusual. So they all came. “There’s no question that Prince Andrew elevated Ghislaine Maxwell and Jeffrey Epstein. It just gave her this veneer: ‘Oh, she’s in the royal court. She’s a friend of the prince. “It coated her with a veneer of respectability.” Maxwell and Andrew are believed to have known each other for almost two decades before she is alleged to have introduced him to Epstein. The pair reportedly met when Maxwell was a student at Oxford University in the Eighties. DON'T MISSPrince Andrew 'causing almighty row' as aides [VIDEO]Meghan and Harry caught in Netflix 'mess' after master plan ruined [ANALYSIS]Kate and Meghan 'right in step' with royal Jubilee memo [INSIGHT] In the years that followed, the Duke of York travelled with Maxwell and Epstein several times, including multiple visits to Epstein's homes and his private island, Little Saint James. It was during this period that Andrew is alleged to have been introduced to the then 17-year-old Virginia Roberts Giuffre, who has claimed she was trafficked by Epstein. The duke settled a US civil lawsuit with Ms Giuffre for an estimated £12million earlier this year without any admission of guilt — but has consistently denied all allegations against him. During his disastrous interview on BBC Newsnight, Andrew gave some insight into his relationship with Maxwell. He explained his relationship with Epstein was always through the prism of Maxwell, the daughter of newspaper mogul Robert Maxwell. Mr Hay, who met Maxwell and Epstein in the Nineties while he was working for Avenue Magazine and Hamptons Magazine as their society columnist, said that Maxwell acted as Epstein’s “social secretary”. He told the documentary: “Ghislaine Maxwell, when she was in a room, you knew she was there, and she wanted you to know she was there. So she performed. “She was on, she was effervescent, and I felt that she knew she was being watched, she wanted to be watched. But I thought Jeffrey Epstein was another case. “He was a little bit shy. He didn’t really stand out. “And so, Ghislaine fulfilled the idea of being his social director. It was almost like she was his social secretary. “Her little black book was everything to her. And she dealt in the commerce of introductions.” Maxwell has been in custody since her arrest in July 2020, held mostly at Brooklyn's Metropolitan Detention Center. Her case has been one of the most highly publicised since the emergence of the #MeToo movement, which encouraged people to speak out about sexual abuse. The judge allowed four survivors to speak at the hearing, as well as allowing a statement by Ms Giuffre to be read by her lawyer in her absence.