The Umbrella Academy has taken the world by storm since season three landed on Netflix. The superhero TV series continued to follow the dysfunctional Hargreeves family as they attempted to end the kugelblitz. Viewers are keen to find out about the show's future and Express.co.uk has all you need to know.  The Umbrella Academy came back with a bang as the Hargreeves siblings returned to an alternate universe. They unknowingly brought the dreaded kugelblitz with them and it started to eradicate the entire population. Not only this, but the gang had to contend with the Sparrow Academy, their siblings from another timeline. In the end, both groups worked together in an attempt to set the universe back to its original state. They managed to fix things eventually but ended up losing their powers in the process. READ MORE: The Umbrella Academy: How old is Number 5 in The Umbrella Academy? The ending poses a long list of questions, including what happened to Sparrow member, Sloane (played by Genesis Rodriguez)? She married Luther (Tom Hopper) and was heartbroken when he was 'killed' by Reginald (Colm Feore). As for whether season four has been confirmed, Netflix is yet to give the show the green light. There are no plans for season four just yet, but judging by the show's cliffhanger ending, this is likely to change. The series has made its way into the streaming platform's top 10, taking the number one spot in many countries. With this in mind, fans should remain hopeful that season four will get the go-ahead. They will need to wait a couple of weeks before Netflix has a chance to review viewership figures. But with the series already hitting the top of the charts, it puts the series in a very good position. The showrunner for the series, Steve Blackman, has opened up about its future and has suggested season four may be the last. He told The Wrap: "I think if we got to season four it would be a great ending for the run of the show. DON'T MISS... Who plays Sloane in The Umbrella Academy? Meet Genesis RodriguezWho is Lester Pocket in The Umbrella Academy?Umbrella Academy season 3: Fans slam show for ‘butchering’ Allison "I’m not saying I couldn’t do more, but you know, I think that would be very satisfying for the audience, four seasons.” Blackman is believed to have shown Netflix a plan for a potential fourth season. With this in mind, the streaming service is aware of what he wants for the show. As for what fans can expect from season four, the star said: "I want to pose to the viewer and the fan, ‘Would they be happier without their powers?’ "I mean, all they do is complain about being who they are. “So will Victor, will Diego be happy without it or will they feel like they’re missing an appendage? "Will the world not be right for them anymore without powers? Can they be ‘normal’?” Fans have plenty of questions that need answering after the gang disbanded at the end of season three. Will Luther find Sloane? And will they ever get their powers back?  The Umbrella Academy seasons 1-3 are on Netflix now.