Liverpool and Manchester City fans have engaged in a war on words in the comments of his recent tweet saying goodbye to Erling Haaland. His post, reacting to Haaland's suggested Borussia Dortmund farewell, unsurprisingly lured transfer speculation-fuelled supporters. On Friday, Haaland took to Twitter to accompany black and yellow hearts with images from his spell in Germany. He followed it up with another post showing images of him as a child wearing a Man City top, all but confirming where he'll be playing next season. In response to his Dortmund-related post, Bellingham replied with a teary-eyed emoji - a fitting reaction to losing a teammate who has scored 86 goals in 89 appearances since joining from RB Salzburg. But his tweet prompted chaos below, with hundreds of supporters attempting to persuade him over an Anfield switch amid reports of Liverpool's interest. @LFCTIMO wrote: "Come to liverpool king." While @JAMESFF14527589 posted: "Come to Liverpool and play against him." Another Liverpool fan, @diazrole, said: "Come to liverpool bro." JUST IN: Tottenham 'agree £20m deal' to sign Djed Spence "Come to Liverpool lad x" was what @juliabuzniak told Bellingham while @klassic_kb went as far as writing: "Welcome to Liverpool." Another supporter replied: @Lutch14: "Liverpool awaits you." But Man City fans joined their rivals in attempts to make Bellingham opt for a reunion with his Dortmund team-mate. Some even directly fired back at their Liverpool counterparts after pipping the Reds to another Premier League title last season, thanks to a late final-day comeback against Steven Gerrard's Aston Villa. One wrote: "Nah he wants to win the PL." After losing Haaland to the Citizens for a cut-price fee, after his £51million release was triggered, Dortmund are unlikely to sanction another high-profile departure in Bellingham. But the 18-year-old midfielder, already a fully-fledged England international, could be on the move next summer and will likely demand a record Premier League transfer fee. READ MORE: Chelsea chief Petr Cech teases big transfer window as rivals get busy Liverpool have been urged to bolster their midfield after completing a deal for Benfica striker Darwin Nunez. And ex-Premier League star Gabby Agbonlahor believes Bellingham would 'fit in perfectly' as part of Jurgen Klopp's squad. Speaking on talkSPORT, he said: "Nunez is a top player. He will improve and get even better. But Liverpool need midfielders. "Thiago has injury problems, Jordan Henderson's legs will start going now he's in his thirties. They need two midfielders. Jude Bellingham would fit in perfectly for them." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.