According to Kidney Care UK, diabetes is the "most common cause of chronic kidney disease", which may mean an organ transplant might be needed later on down the line. What are the early indications that high blood sugar has now damaged the kidneys? The NHS cautioned that symptoms of kidney disease tend not to appear "until it reaches an advanced stage". "This is because the body is usually able to cope with a significant reduction in kidney function," the health body explained. A blood or urine sample – typically taken for another health problem – could reveal kidney disease at this early stage. Over time, however, kidney disease may lead to tell-tale signs that something isn't right. For example, a person who has kidney disease may lose weight unexpectedly and without trying; this may be accompanied by a poor appetite. READ MORE: Kate Middleton health: The Duchess' severe allergy - symptoms can start 'within minutes' The condition could also lead to oedema, which is when the ankles, feet and hands swell in response to water retention. Furthermore, kidney disease could lead to shortness of breath, tiredness, and nausea. It's not unheard of blood to appear in urine, or for a person to feel an increased urge to urinate at nighttime when the kidneys are damaged. Moreover, kidney disease may cause insomnia, itchy skin, muscle cramps, and headaches. "See your GP if you have persistent or worrying symptoms that you think could be caused by kidney disease," the NHS advised. "The symptoms of kidney disease can be caused by many less serious conditions, so it's important to get a proper diagnosis." High blood sugar can cause numerous ailments within the body, which is why it's crucial to do all that you can to manage type 2 diabetes. Not only can high blood sugars lead to kidney disease, the condition can lead to vision loss, blindness, nerve damage, and stroke. Leading charity Diabetes UK stated: "Effective diabetes care can only be achieved through working closely with your diabetes healthcare team." Alongside professional assistance, which you should gain from your doctor, taking responsibility for your health is crucial. "An important part of managing your condition is to eat a healthy, balanced diet," the charity pointed out. "There's no such thing as a 'diabetic' diet or 'diabetic' recipes." A well-balanced diet involves eating the five main food groups, which are: In addition to eating more healthily, it's helpful to exercise daily to help control blood sugar levels. If you need insulin injections to manage your condition, you will need to regularly check your blood sugar levels. For more information on living with diabetes, visit Diabetes UK.