Sadio Mane may want to leave Liverpool to get away from Mohamed Salah and be the main man at a club, according to former Arsenal winger Perry Groves. Mane is out of contract at Liverpool at the end of next season but is widely reported to be keen on leaving Anfield this summer. Bayern Munich are strong favourites to sign the 30-year-old. Mane will be a Liverpool legend even if he leaves this summer. He has won every trophy possible during his spell at the club. But there has often been speculation over his relationship with team-mate Salah. Mane has, in the past, been clearly upset with Salah for not passing to him when in a good position in front of goal. Salah was Liverpool's top scorer last season and Groves says the Egyptian outshining Mane may be a reason for him wanting to move on. READ MORE: Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's Eriksen move, Dembele to Chelsea update, Sterling's showdown  Groves said on talkSPORT: "Do you think that Mane wants to be the main man? Because at Liverpool Mo Salah is the main man. "Although they work, [Roberto] Firmino plays, [Luis] Diaz has come in, [Diogo] Jota's come in, they play with a front three so can always rotate. Salah's always the first name of the three and Mane is the second name of the three. "Firmino used to be important but he's sort of drifted in and out of the importance to Liverpool." Meanwhile, former Liverpool striker Dean Saunders believes his old club must bow to Mane's wage demands to keep him. Saunders has also warned Mane that the grass may not necessarily be greener if he does leave Merseyside. Saunders said: “You can’t let it happen. You have just got to give him what he wants. DON'T MISSNewcastle ready to launch 'monster offer' as Arsenal pull out of £85m transfer race [REPORT]Chelsea target Declan Rice may be enticed by 'dream shirt number' at Stamford Bridge [TRANSFERS]Gareth Southgate blames England loss on Hungary star and responds to boos [INTERVIEW]  “Mane, I think, sends all his money back home. He does a lot. He’s built a village, houses for family and the village he came from. He does some unbelievable things. I don’t think it is about money. “But if you are, arguably, the best player in the world – he’s up there, then he wants to be paid what [Robert] Lewandowski is getting, what [Cristiano] Ronaldo is getting, what [Harry] Kane is getting. He will want the going rate. “He’s the star player in a magnificent team. [Philippe] Coutinho and [Gini] Wijnaldum, around the corner the grass is not always greener. "He should stay where he is. He is in his prime right now. There is more to win."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here