Lewis Hamilton has opened up on the terrifying nature of his Azerbaijan Grand Prix, which was plagued by porpoising on Baku's rough street circuit. The Briton struggled with back pain throughout, and had to cope with fears that the car would veer into the wall at high speed, which he described as a 'very strange experience'. Even before Sunday's race, Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff was outspoken about the fact that Baku's bumpy circuit was not well suited to the cars driven by Hamilton and George Russell. And so it proved, even though a double retirement by Ferrari meant that the Silver Arrows came through to take a respectable third and fourth. Max Verstappen also benefitted from Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz suffering car troubles as he came through to take another win, ahead of Red Bull team-mate Sergio Perez. After the dust settled, Hamilton opened up on the terrifying nature of his race. "There were a lot of moments when I didn’t know if I would make it," said the seven-time world champion, per PlanetF1. "Just whether I was going to keep the car on track because I don’t know if you saw it, I nearly lost it in the high-speed several times. DON'T MISS: F1 news LIVE: Horner's Hamilton swipe, Lewis confirms Canada GP decision, Silverstone ban "So the battle with the car was intense. And then at the end, the last 10 laps to the flag, I was just having to go internal, like ‘you can do this, you’ve got this, just bear with it’. The thing was bouncing so much sometimes. There were so many times I was nearly going into the wall. "So that was a concern – safety-wise at 180mph, smashing into the wall…I don’t think I’ve really ever had to think about that too much as a racing driver. You don’t really ever think about keeping it out of the wall at that high speed. A very, very, very strange experience." Hamilton and co have not been given long to rest and recover after a gruelling Grand Prix, with the grid heading straight to Montreal for the season's next instalment. There had been fears that the 37-year-old would not be able to make it as a result of his back pain in Baku, which he claimed over the team radio was 'killing him', but Hamilton has since revealed on social media that he will be there. The Brit will hope that Mercedes' porpoising issues will be reined in at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve, which has not seen F1 action since 2019. And he is not the only one, as Alpha Tauri star Pierre Gasly also discussed the health concerns associated with the bouncing that comes with this season's new ground-effect cars. "It’s not healthy, that’s for sure," he explained, per Motorsport.com. "I’ve had a physio session before and after every session, just because my [spinal] discs are suffering from it. You have literally no suspension. It just hits going through your spine. "The team are asking me, 'okay, we can compromise the set-up?' and I’m compromising my health for the performance. And I’ll always do it because I’m a driver and I always go for the fastest car I can."