Currently, prescriptions are free of charge for people who have reached age 60 in England, however proposals have been made to push this age up to state pension age - which is 66 at the moment. There are a variety of ways to qualify for free prescriptions, one of which is different illnesses or conditions which qualify for a medical exemption certificate. Medical exemption certificates allow people to get free prescriptions and are valid for five years. The certificate does not cover dental treatment or help with other health costs and need to be shown when collecting their prescription. The NHSBSA has noted that medical exemption certificates that expired between December 14, 2021 and March 1, 2022 will be extended for a further six months. This is to reduce the workload on stretched GP practices across the country. READ MORE: State pension age will rise to 70 and beyond as DWP brings retirement age hike FORWARD  The NHSBSA is expected to write to all patients who are affected, and they will receive a new certificate in the post. If patients have already applied for a new certificate they may receive two and are advised to use whichever has the longest expiry date. To apply for one’s first certificate, they will need to get an application form from their doctor. They can expect to receive their first certificate within 10 days of the NHSBSA receiving their application. People with one of more of the following conditions could be eligible for the certificate: Additionally, people with cancer can be eligible if they are undergoing treatment for: People may find they need to pay for prescriptions whilst waiting for their certificate to arrive, but they can get a refund for these costs. However, they must ensure they get an FP57 refund receipt when they pay as they will not be able to get one after. They should double check the start date of their certificate does in fact cover the date they paid for prescriptions. Britons must notify the NHSBSA if they have a medical exemption certificate and they undergo a change of circumstances such as a name change. To change a name on the certificate, the claimant must send the existing certificate to the NHSBSA along with one of the following to prove the change: