Motorists across the UK have shown their massive support for claims that electric vehicles should be taxed as they cause “more pollution” than petrol and diesel cars made by the chairman of the Government’s independent science advisory group on clean air. Alastair Lewis, a professor of atmospheric chemistry at the University of York, argued that particulate matter emitted from electric car tyres is a massive risk to public health. He claimed that it posed a larger problem than CO2 emissions coming from petrol and diesel cars. And now, hundreds of British drivers have rejoiced at his claims. Taking to the comments section hundreds of Express.co.uk readers supported the argument with one user saying that someone is “finally seeing some common sense”. READ MORE: Low Emission Zones launching today - Polluting vehicles to be banned Another commenter, Mr Rusty, added: “Electric cars are heavier and therefore have more tyre wear and brake wear than ICE vehicles. “There is data out there to show the PM2.5's from tyre wear are a far bigger risk now than particulates from the exhaust which are to all intents completely filtered out. “Everybody dragging around an extra one or two tonnes of batteries should consider that nothing is for free, and however it is calculated dragging all that weight around consumes more energy than not dragging it around!” Bill Klinton said: “Every vehicle that uses the public-funded highways should be liable for tax, even cycles. DON'T MISS Tourist has car flooded after parking in harbour and ignoring advice [SHOCKING] Nearly 100,000 drivers at risk of losing their licence [REVEAL] 15-year-old girl caught teaching dad how to drive [INSIGHT] “Rates should be based on mileage (wear of the highways), not on engine size or false degrees of pollutant emissions, and apply to all vehicles, including electric. “Cycles should have an annual charge of say £25 as they are an inconvenience to other road users. “This is a simple way of getting some revenue back into the exchequer. “Scrap the vehicle excise license (two million don't pay it) and put the cost onto fuel. “That way, those who use the highways more, pay more and this will encourage people to drive less, cutting pollution. “In all cases, an EV over its life span is far more polluting, than a modern diesel vehicle.” Covkid15 added: “Electric cars, the biggest con since heat pumps and windmills. “The energy needed to run and manufacture all these technologies is colossal. Only clean AFTER manufacture. Dirty as heck during.” Another reader named It's come to this agreed saying: “EVs should carry a tax for all the damage done to the environment from the sourcing of materials required for their batteries alone!!” However, many others disagreed pointing to the fact that EVs do not pollute as much as petrol or diesel cars and are more environmentally friendly. Several readers said that if the charging infrastructure improves, electric cars will be the way forward. This is supported by the recent EV data which showed that British drivers have bought more EVs this year than ever before. In March alone, motorists across the UK registered more EVs than in all of 2019. The evidence of the soaring demand for battery-electric cars was provided by the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT), a lobby group. Across all of 2019, Britons bought 37,850 electric vehicles. In March 2022 alone there were 39,315 sales. Some experts also predict that battery EVs will become the most popular fuel type as soon as 2025.