X Factor star Tom Mann has announced the heartbreaking news his fiancee died on the morning of their wedding day. The Stereo Kicks singer said he felt he had “cried an ocean” as he reflected on what should have been the best day of their lives. In view of his 79.2k followers, Tom explained that his fiancee Dani, mother to his young son Bowie, had died. He posted a stunning black and white photo of the young mum with Bowie. “I can’t believe I am writing these words but my darling Dani - my best friend, my everything and more, the love of my life - passed away in the early hours of Saturday morning, 18th June,” he wrote. “On what was supposed to be the happiest day of our lives ended in irreversible heartbreak. I feel like I have cried an ocean. “We never made it to the alter; or got to say our vows, or dance our first dance, but I know you know that you were my entire world and the best thing that has ever happened to me, Danielle. “I will wear this ring that I was always supposed to wear as a sign of my unconditional love to you,” he added. “I am completely broken trying to process this and I honestly don’t know where to go from here, but I do know I need to use any strength I can muster for our little boy. “I will not be a mark on the parent that you had already become but I promise I will do my everything to raise Bowie just the way we always wanted. “I promise you he will know how amazing his mummy was. I promise to make you so so proud.” The heartbroken dad continued: “The most beautiful person inside and out. The most incredible soul. “We have lost such a special person and I am sure we are about to see an abundant outpouring of love that reflects that. “I will try to find peace in your messages and comments, but right now I am grieving and I will be for a very, very long time. DON'T MISS...Jeff Goldblum, 69, steps out with young wife Emilie Livingston, 39 [PICTURES] John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning [VIDEO]Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [INSIGHT] “My darling Dani, the brightest light in any room, my world is nothing but darkness without you. I will miss you forever.” Tom’s musician friends and fellow X Factor stars sent messages of support on the post. Strictly star HRVY wrote: “so so so sorry Tom, we all love you [love heart] thinking of you man”. Lewis Capaldi added: “Love you brother”. Mimi Webb penned: “Tom I’m so so sorry [love heart] sending all my love to you & thinking of you [love heart] love you brother x we are with you”. Tom did not state what Dani’s cause of death was. The PR executive’s final posts on Instagram features several loved up snaps with her fiancé and their adorable son. Alongside one photo in which the parents are beaming as they held Bowie, Dani wrote that she had a “very full and happy heart”.