As Queen and Adam Lambert continue their 10 night residency at London’s The O2, their Freddie Mercury biopic is currently the No 1 movie on Netflix in the UK this weekend. Bohemian Rhapsody defied lukewarm reviews from the critics, going on to make over $900 million at the box office and win more Oscars in 2019 than any other film. It’s hardly surprising then, that fans are hopeful for a sequel. Bohemian Rhapsody concluded with Queen’s iconic performance at Live Aid in 1985 and Freddie letting the band know he was HIV positive. The Queen singer died in 1991, so a sequel could cover his last six years with him tenaciously continuing to work through his AIDS-related illness. Such a film could include Queen’s final tour for A Kind of Magic in 1986, Freddie performing Barcelona with Montserrat Caballé in 1988 and the band recording 1989’s The Miracle and 1991's Innuendo, perhaps accumulating in 1992’s tribute concert to the late star. Revisiting such a difficult period would be tough for Brian May and Roger Taylor, with the latter previously telling Express.co.uk he didn’t think he was interested in making such a movie. He told us: “Right now it’s not something I’d like to see.” But things can change and Brian has since told us they’re considering ideas for Bohemian Rhapsody 2. The Queen guitarist previously said in an exclusive interview: “It’s going to take a lot of careful thought and a lot of magical inspiration – which is what happened [with Bohemian Rhapsody]. Y’know, it took us 12 years to put that film together. So maybe it’s going to take just as long for this. For the moment we’re just looking at ideas, that’s it. It is exciting, I have to say. The thought of going through that all again is very attractive; working with that wonderful team again. The four guys who played us and the team who produced it and directed it and everything. It was all amazing.” As for a possible title for Bohemian Rhapsody 2, Brian was rather taken by our suggestion based on a Queen song. DON'T MISSBrian May shares ‘incredible rare moment’ during ‘punishing schedule’ [BRIAN MAY]Brian May shares ‘risky’ Platinum Jubilee entrance BBC failed to show [PLATINUM JUBILEE]Queen and Adam Lambert live filmed concert announced by Brian May [QUEEN AND ADAM LAMBERT] We asked Brian: “What else could it be called but The Show Must Go On?”  The Queen legend replied: “Ahhh…it’s a distinct possibility, isn’t it? I can’t say it’s a bad idea…” It would certainly make sense given it was the final track on 1991’s Innuendo album, the last Queen record released in Freddie’s lifetime. The song, written by the guitarist, summed up the singer’s powerful attitude to his final years.