Tom Hanks has had an incredible and varied career so far, including two Best Actor Oscar wins for Philadelphia and Forrest Gump. The nicest guy in Hollywood is often cast in roles as the American everyman who you can get behind. However, there’s one movie series he made that he felt was a load of nonsense. Hanks stars as Robert Langdon in the 2006 film adaptation of Dan Brown’s best-selling mystery thriller The Da Vinci Code. The fictional storyline saw the Professor of Religious Symbology uncovering a 2000-year conspiracy by the Roman Catholic Church to cover up Jesus Christ having married Mary Magdalene and had a daughter together. The 2003 novel and the movie were met with boycotts and harsh criticism from the Catholic Church and laity. In a new interview promoting his new movie Elvis, Hanks admitted: “God, that was a commercial enterprise. Yeah, those Robert Langdon sequels are hooey. The Da Vinci Code was hooey.” Speaking with The New York Times, Hanks continued: “I mean, [author] Dan Brown, God bless him, says, ‘Here is a sculpture in a place in Paris! No, it’s way over there. See how a cross is formed on a map? Well, it’s sort of a cross.’ Those are delightful scavenger hunts that are about as accurate to history as the James Bond movies are to espionage…All we were doing is promising a diversion.” The Da Vinci Code and its follow-ups in Angels & Demons and Inferno were somewhat box office successes but received generally bad reviews. Hanks added: “There’s nothing wrong with good commerce, provided it is good commerce. By the time we made the third [film, Inferno], we proved that it wasn’t such good commerce.” The $75 million threequel made only $220 million at the box office, which was a lot less profitable than the previous two films. Despite all this, the Hollywood star has a hilarious memory of changing his pants in front of a famous piece of art. DON'T MISSElvis movie review: Tom Hanks Colonel very much the villain of biopic [REVIEW]Tom Hanks: 'Colonel Parker was cheap crook but no Elvis without him' [TOM HANKS]Elvis movie: Priscilla defended 'wonderful' Colonel to Tom Hanks [THE COLONEL] Hanks added: “Let me tell you something else about The Da Vinci Code. It was my 40th-something birthday. We were shooting in the Louvre at night. I changed my pants in front of the Mona Lisa! They brought me a birthday cake in the Grand Salon! Who gets to have that experience? Any cynicism there? Hell no!” Elvis hits cinemas on June 24, 2022. SOURCE