Sir Paul McCartney lit up the stage at Glastonbury at the weekend with a three-hour set. It was a tour de force trip down memory lane that delighted fans old and new. At the age of 80, how does Sir Paul do it? On a 2020 episode of the podcast SmartLess, The Beatles legend revealed his novel approach to staying fit and healthy. Speaking on ITV's This Morning, Doctor Sara shared the jucy details that came out of the podcast. "It's a mixture of everything but his exercise regime has been described in quite a lot of detail in a podcast," the doc explained. She continued: "He starts on a yoga mat every day, doing his stretching on a foam roller. He'll do that for 10 to 15 minutes every day. After that he'll do cardiovascular exercise. He'll go for a run. He took up horse riding as a hobby as well." READ MORE: Longevity: The vitamin that can slash your risk of dying from 'any medical cause' by 57%  According to Doctor Sara, Sir Paul ends his daily exercise regime with a headstand every time. "It doesn't like much but actually it is," the doc said. She explained: You need core stability, strength, balance. Because you have to use all those different facets - you need core strength to be able to do that and flexibility to have that balance." He also engages in meditation which brings myriad health benefits, the doc pointed out. DON'T MISSCancer symptoms: The 'common' sign when you eat [INSIGHT]Dementia signs: Three 'repetitive' behaviours to spot [ADVICE]Prince William: 'It's just a blur' Royal on dwindling eyesight [INSIGHT] Meditation is "extremely good" for mental health while bringing numerous benefits for physical health too, such as lower blood pressure, which in turns means better vascular health and longevity, said Doctor Sara. Diet is also a "big one" for Sir Paul, who became vegetarian in 1975, explained the TV doc. Sir Paul decided to go veggie alongside his late wife Linda. In fact, at the time it was hard to go vegetarian so it was a "big movement" he started, said Doctor Sara. READ MORE: Prince William: 'It's just a blur of faces' Royal on dwindling eyesight- 6 vision problems The benefits of going plant-based are hard to ignore. As the doc reported, research from World Cancer Research UK has shown that there is a 14 percent decreased risk of cancers in people who are vegetarian. Another study found you're less likely to become type 2 diabetic, she said. In Doctor Sara's "school of thought", longevity is usually about following the Mediterranean diet. According to the Doc, the diet is supported by a "very big wealth of research". The Mediterranean diet is high in vegetables, fruits, legumes, nuts, beans, cereals, grains, fish and unsaturated fats such as olive oil. Most novel of all, the Beatles icon credits his good vision to regularly practicing "eye yoga", explained Doctor Sara. Exercises in eye yoga include "palming", which involves placing your warm palms on your eyelids for about 10 seconds. You could even try blinking very fast for 10 to 15 seconds, or "zooming" - focusing on an object in the distance and then moving to a closer one, and going back and forth. The doc rightly pointed out that claims that eye yoga enhance vision cannot be substantiated but they probably help Sir Paul's eyes feel "rested" which is no bad thing.