For the last few years, Bruce Willis has churned out a string of direct-to-video movies, some of which see him only cameo in a few scenes. But then in March 2022, the 67-year-old’s family announced he would be retiring from acting after being diagnosed with aphasia, a condition that affects language cognition. Following the news, the Die Hard legend still has a few movies to release this year, with his latest being White Elephant. White Elephant sees Willis play mob boss Arnold Solomon, opposite The Walking Dead’s Michael Rooker, who plays Gabriel Tancredi. The latter is a former marine turned mob enforcer who breaks his code of conduct to save the life of a cop played by Quantum of Solace’s Olga Kurylenko. She witnessed a failed assassination attempt that was ordered by Solomon. The action-packed trailer has plenty of gunfire and also features John Malkovich as Glen Follett. One scene near the end depicts Bruce’s Solomon, covered in blood, ready to fire a machine gun. After Willis’ aphasia diagnosis was made public, White Elephant director Jesse V Johnson told the LA Times: “It was clear that he was not the Bruce I remembered [from being a stuntman years ago]”. As a result, it was requested that his scenes be finished by lunchtime so could be let go early. Tragically, the action star would ask crew members: “I know why you’re here, and I know why you’re here, but why am I here?” One crew member recalled: “It was less of an annoyance and more like: ‘How do we not make Bruce look bad?’ Someone would give him a line and he didn’t understand what it meant. He was just being puppeted.” The director was offered two more movies with the star, but said: “After our experience on White Elephant, it was decided as a team that we would not do another. We are all Bruce Willis fans, and the arrangement felt wrong and ultimately a rather sad end to an incredible career, one that none of us felt comfortable with.” DON'T MISSDie Hard on ICE trailer: John McClane parody is HILARIOUS – WATCH [DIE HARD]Bruce Willis cheered on as he's seen for first time since aphasia [BRUCE WILLIS]Aphasia: 'I would tell Bruce Willis to keep trying' [APHASIA] White Elephant was released in select US movie theatres by RLJE Films and has been streaming on AMC+ since June 3, 2022. A UK release is TBC. Bruce still has four direct-to-video movies to be released this year with the next being Wrong Place, released on July 15. That will be followed by Die Like Lovers and Wire Room, while his final movie may well be Paradise City. That movie sees him play a man who enters the Hawaiian crime world to seek vengeance on a kingpin, played by John Travolta, who murdered his father. SOURCE