Police are continuing to search for two people following the incident on Roadford Lake in Lewdown, Okehampton, at around 1.30pm on Wednesday. Six adults were on the boat when it capsized in the reservoir. Four were rescued from the water, with two treated at the scene and two taken to Derriford Hospital, Plymouth, for treatment. One has since been discharged but the other remains in hospital in a critical condition. The search for the two missing people resumed today after it ended at nightfall yesterday. Their next-of-kins have been informed. A road closure has been put in place at the Roadford Lake Activity Centre. A spokesman for Devon and Cornwall Police said: "Police remain at Roadford Lake in Lewdown, Okehampton, following an incident on Wednesday where a boat capsized in the water. "Police-led searches have recommenced today Thursday and efforts continue to locate two missing people. "Two people were removed from the water and taken to Derriford Hospital for treatment. "One person has since been discharged and one person remains in hospital in a critical condition. "Two other people were removed from the water and checked by ambulance teams before being discharged at the scene. "We are supporting the families of all those involved. "The lake will remain closed for public access for the foreseeable future and localised road closures remain in place at the activity centre to allow access for the relevant emergency services." Emergency services were first called to the lake on Wednesday afternoon, with police, ambulance, air ambulance, fire crews and the coastguard at the scene. In a statement, Devon and Somerset Fire and Rescue said: "We were called at 1.21pm to an incident at Roadford Lake near Okehampton. "A boat carrying a number of people had capsized. "Firefighters responded quickly and supported the rescue operation alongside other emergency services.  "Police-led searches have recommenced today, Thursday 9 June, and efforts continue to locate two missing people. "Two people were yesterday removed from the water and taken to Derriford Hospital in Plymouth for treatment. "One person has since been discharged and one person remains in hospital in a critical condition. "Two other people were removed from the water and checked by ambulance teams before being discharged at the scene." 