Brenda Blethyn has played DCI Stanhope since the ITV series began in 2011. Originally, the detective was joined by her sidekick Joe Ashworth (played by David Leon) until he made the decision to leave in 2014. However, Joe was quickly replaced with a new detective, Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty) who has remained by Vera's side ever since. Brenda, who began her acting career on stage at the age of 27, never expected to work in TV or film. However, after featuring in several hit shows and films, Brenda landed one of her own playing leading lady Vera. Despite the programme's success, the actress admitted in an interview that if she was offered the role now, she may have to "reconsider" it. Brenda spoke with Graham Norton in his podcast about the show's success and the fact it has been running for over 10 years. READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint "If they'd said to me on day one you'd be doing this for 10 years wearing that mack and hat, I'd have reconsidered," the actress jested. Graham went on to point out that the show's success is a great advert for Land Rover, which is the iconic jeep DCI Stanhope drives. "Isn't it lovely, that car," Brenda continued as Graham quizzed the actress on what type of car it was. "It's a Land Rover," she replied before adding: "It's a Discovery. "I absolutely love driving it, I really do. They had to put an extra step on the side for me to get in and out because I come out as if I am coming out of a shoot. "I get in and out so quickly, but because they added the step..." Brenda went on to discuss the locations where they film the ITV series, as she told the host: "It is so beautiful. "The seascapes, the landscapes, the moorland, it is really lovely and the people are so nice." DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star details moment he decided to quit acting  [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' baby Thomas DNA twist  [REACTION]GMB viewers demand Richard Madeley be removed over Rwanda question [VIDEO] When asked whether filming becomes harder when crowds of people come to watch, the actress replied: "It doesn't, no, "Although the crowds are bigger when we are filming, they are very well-behaved. "If we tell them to go to the other side of the road, then they go to the other side of the road." "They are quiet," the actress added as she thanked her fans for their ongoing support.  Filming for series 12 of the ITV drama has already begun as the cast have been spotted filming in Newcastle. However, Vera fans are still eagerly waiting for the final episodes of series 11 to air. The first four have already been broadcast, although the remaining instalments are yet to be shown. Vera is expected to air on ITV later this year. 