The 28-year-old singer revealed the wedding day tragedy in a ­poignant Instagram tribute to the “most incredible beautiful person inside and out.” He also shared a photo of PR executive Danielle, who was 34, with their eight-month-old son Bowie and promised to raise him “just the way we always wanted”.Tom, who came fifth in the 2014 ITV talent show with his band Stereo Kicks, did not reveal the cause of the tragedy.Danielle died in the early hours of Saturday morning.Stars including Ellie Goulding, Emma Bunton and Lewis Capaldi led a wave of sympathy.Tom, who is now a songwriter, said in his social media post: “What was supposed to be the happiest day of our lives ended in irreversible heartbreak. I feel like I have cried an ocean. We never made it to the altar or ­got to say our vows, or dance our first dance." “But I know you know that you were my entire world and the best thing that has ever happened to me, Danielle.” The singer vowed to wear his wedding ring as a sign of his “unconditional love”, adding that he would muster his strength to raise their son. “I will not be a mark on the ­parent that you had already become, but I promise I will do my everything to raise Bowie just the way we always wanted." “I promise you he will know how amazing his mummy was. I promise to make you so, so proud.” He called Danielle “the most beautiful person inside and out.” He added: “My darling Dani, the brightest light in any room, my world is nothing but darkness without you. I will miss you forever.” Capaldi said on social media “Love you brother,” while Ellie wrote: “I’m thinking of you non stop…You are so strong. Here for you always. Love you xxxx” Former Spice Girl Emma added: “Heartbroken for you. A beautiful soul that will live on. Thinking of you all.” Nadine Coyle said: “Sending so much love, light & healing to you, Bowie and everyone who loved Dani.” Singer Gabrielle Aplin posted: “Oh Tom, I’m so devastated for you all. I am so, so sorry. Sending so much love and strength to you and your little boy xxx” The couple were due to marry two years ago but postponed the ceremony because of the pandemic. They had just returned from a holiday in Sardinia. Before starting her PR career, Danielle had been a professional dancer who performed on Strictly and alongside One Direction and Little Mix.