Former World No. 1 Jon Rahm is a passionate player who wears his heart on his sleeve and often animatedly displays his frustration on a golf course. However, the Spaniard let his anger get the better of him on Friday as he threw his club and nearly struck an on-course television worker during the second round at The Memorial. It’s been a while since Rahm has had an outburst on a course, but fans were treated to one during Friday’s second round at The Memorial Tournament at Muirfield Village. While playing the 11th hole, Rahm pulled his wedge shot wide left. “Oh my god... amazing line there, Jon,” Rahm said sarcastically. “That is incredible.” Rahm then threw his club towards his bag. However, the club took a deceptive bounce and nearly took out a sound operator following his group around the course. READ MORE: McIlroy makes 'appealing' Johnson admission as star joins Saudi League The woman had to duck to avoid getting hit by the wayward club. Rahm immediately apologised to the woman, who laughed the whole situation off. At time of writing, Rahm is tied for 20th on the leaderboard at the Memorial Tournament, which has a purse of $12 million. The 27-year-old had turned it around after being one-over when he threw the club, but is currently two-under. The moment comes after Rahm was confirmed to take part in Nickelodeon’s first-ever golf broadcast, the ‘Slime Cup’. Rahm will be joined by the likes of Justin Thomas, Collin Morikawa and Lexi Thompson in the event. DON'T MISSTiger Woods fan in viral PGA Championship pic lands star role in TV adSpain: Las Colinas Golf and Country Club – reviewPro golfer hit with three-year ban for making Nazi salutes at West Ham The broadcast will reportedly be heavily altered by augmented reality technology, bringing the golf course ‘to life’ with graphics and references to other Nickelodeon programmes. According to a release distributed by Nickelodeon, four teams will compete on a ‘Nick-ified’ golf course” to reach a final round at the Rose Bowl stadium in California. “With one-of-a-kind tee boxes, far-out fairways and greens, physical challenges, and lots of slime, the special will culminate with ‘The Unfairway’,” Nickelodeon said. “The final hole where players battle it out to win the ultimate Nickelodeon Slime Cup, a Nick orange blazer and the epic honor of getting slimed.” In the NFL, Nickelodeon’s coverage of the last two Wild Card playoff games has driven massive viewership and seen an increase in interest among younger audiences. Other sports leagues have moved quickly to develop similar concepts albeit to varying levels of success.