Crowds cheered the pair as they arrived, with the couple smiling and waving at onlookers, but boos could also be heard. British Prime Minister Boris Johnson was also met with boos and jeers as he arrived with his wife Carrie. Former prime ministers, including Sir Tony Blair and David Cameron, were met with polite applause. Harry and Meghan processed through the nave of the church hand in hand, with Meghan smiling and Harry seen biting his lip. The couple sat in the second row from the front, with Harry next to Princess Eugenie's husband Jack Brooksbank and Meghan next to Princess Margaret's daughter Lady Sarah Chatto. It comes after Prince Harry and Meghan attended the Trooping the Colour celebrations at Horse Guards on Thursday. Harry and Meghan stayed out of the spotlight inside the Duke of Wellington's former office with more than 30 members of the royal family. The couple travelled to the UK with their son Archie and daughter Lilibet.  READ MORE ABOUT A JUBILEE FLAGS ROW  A royal commentator said on Friday the Queen would have had her first chance to meet her great-granddaughter Lilibet on Thursday evening. Omid Scobie, author of Finding Freedom, told BBC Breakfast that the Sussexes have a "warm and close" relationship with the Queen and as the couple and the monarch were in Windsor on Thursday evening, it could have been the first time Lilibet met her great-grandmother. Lilibet, who was named in honour of the Queen, will celebrate her first birthday on Saturday. The trip is the youngster's first to the UK. Mr Scobie said: "I think people are expecting some sort of big birthday extravagant event that we're going to see photographs from. From what I'm told, we shouldn't expect anything.  DON'T MISS: Britons slam 'disgraceful' Archbishop suggestion to forgive Andrew [REVEALED]  Ukraine: ‘Sending your soldiers to die!’ Putin faces mutiny [LATEST] Putin health update: Russian leader treated for cancer in April [REPORT] "Those moments with Lilibet are very much private between them and the Queen and of course we know how much she's been looking forward to it. "They've been held back by a pandemic. Of course the times that Harry has been here it's just been by himself for quite sombre occasions. And so this really was the first time. "Of course we know the Queen went back to Windsor Castle yesterday, the couple went back to Windsor as well where they're staying at Frogmore Cottage. "So that would have been the first moment or the first chance for her to meet her namesake."  At the thanksgiving service - attended by more than 2,000 people - Kate, who was wearing a pale yellow Emilia Wickstead dress and a Philip Treacy hat, walked in the main procession with William, Charles and Camilla. There were smiles from the Earl and Countess of Wessex as the Archbishop of York referred to the Queen's love of horse racing, while the Princess Royal nodded her head in approval. The Most Rev Stephen Cottrell told the congregation: "I don't have any great tips for the Derby tomorrow, but since the scriptures describe life as a race set before us, let me observe that her long reign reflects the distance of Aintree more than the sprints of Epsom.  "Certainly, less dressage than most people imagine. But with endurance, through times of change and challenge, joy and sorrow, she continues to offer herself in the service of our country and the commonwealth. "Your Majesty, we're sorry you're not with us this morning in person, but you are still in the saddle. And we are all glad that there is still more to come." 