Later this month Elvis, the latest Elvis Presley biopic, will retell the story of the King of Rock and Roll in a brand new way. This time around, it focuses on his boss, Colonel Tom Parker, and how he influenced the star's life. Elvis' daughter, Lisa Marie Presley, has already said Butler - the star behind Elvis - should receive an Oscar for his performance. But long before he signed into the film, One Direction star Harry Styles was in the running. Australian director Baz Luhrmann has revealed he was looking at a few stars for the role of Elvis. Not only were Butler and Styles part of the pitching, but so too were Miles Teller and Ansel Elgort. In a new interview Luhrmann revealed he revealed that, during the consideration phase for the movie, Styles sent him something surprising that may have set him apart from the rest. Luhrmann explained: "I know Harry well. He sent me a video of him impersonating Elvis as a six-year-old." As if the thought of a young Styles bouncing around the room to Blue Suede Shoes wasn't convincing enough, Luhrmann added even more praise to the former boyband singer. Styles has carved out a unique part of the music industry for himself with his overtly-sexual music and ambiguous sexualities. And this, Luhrmann revealed, worked in the star's favour. READ MORE: Lisa Marie delivers heartfelt confession at Elvis Graceland premiere Luhrmann said: "Harry embodies so much of Elvis. He has the nail polish, feather boa and sparkly jumpsuit. Yet he’s incredibly masculine. Mick Jagger? Same thing. But Elvis did it first, in terms of the white performers." He then noted how Elvis was extremely feminine while being the traditional picture of masculine at the same time. "Elvis had incredible style,” Luhrmann gushed. "Before people talked about [gender] fluidity, he had knitted bolero tank tops with his midriff hanging out, truck driver sideburns, make-up and dyed black hair." He added: "He wore what would have been called, in the 19th century, dandy clothes." Eventually, though, Luhrmann could not hire Styles to play Elvis. DON'T MISS...Lisa Marie delivers heartfelt confession at Elvis Graceland premiere [NEWS]'Desperate' One Direction star rejected for Elvis Presley movie [INSIGHT]Elvis confessed two greatest dreams that never came true in interview [INFO] Luhrmann noted how Elvis needed an incredible actor to take on the role - something that Styles is - but he needed something else as well. "Harry is a really talented actor," he said in a separate interview. "I would work on something with him... [but] the real issue with Harry is: he’s Harry Styles. He’s already an icon." He added: "Harry and I came to a place - genuinely, I mean - he was just desperate to put the suit on and explore. He’s such a great spirit and I have nothing but great things to say about Harry Styles." Eventually, Butler was the only option for Luhrmann. Butler has only had a handful of roles in Hollywood thus far. Perhaps the biggest was the real-life killer Tex Watson in Once Upon a Time in Hollywood, where he played opposite Brad Pitt. Luhrmann said: "The thing about Austin was that - he will tell you himself - I didn’t pick him. It’s as if he was drawn... the role drew him in because he was almost born to play it." Elvis hits cinemas on June 24. SOURCE