The royal was pictured in his Range Rover earlier this morning at Windsor Castle. Andrew cancelled his attendance at the Jubilee celebrations at the last minute, after announcing that he had tested positive for Covid. He had planned to attend the thanksgiving service at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday to celebrate the Queen's 70 years on the throne. But on Thursday it was announced that he would be missing the event "with regret". A palace spokesperson said: "After undertaking a routine test the Duke has tested positive for COVID and with regret will no longer be attending tomorrow's service." Andrew had met with the Queen in the days leading up to his positive test, but he had been undertaking routine testing and had not met with her after testing positive. READ MORE: Embarrassing Prince Andrew song hits UK charts on Queen's Jubilee He was not planning to appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony after Trooping the Colour, as the Queen announced that this appearance would be for working royals only. A statement from the palace said: "After careful consideration, The Queen has decided this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday 2nd June will be limited to Her Majesty and those Members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of The Queen." This meant that Meghan Markle and Prince Harry were also absent from the iconic balcony moment. DON'T MISS: Kate's reaction to Meghan Markle exposed as Duchesses reunited [REVEAL] 'Isn't worth my respect' Dr Shola launches vicious attack on Monarchy [REACTION] Meghan Markle warned against 'appalling tactics' at Jubilee [INSIGHT] Andrew retired from royal duties after Virginia Giuffre brought a civil suit against the Duke of York, accusing him of sexual assault. The case was settled out of court and Prince Andrew has made no admission of guilt. The 62-year-old royal has repeatedly and vehemently denied the allegations. Andrew was last pictured riding a horse in Windsor a week ago.  The news of the Duke's positive covid test came as the country geared up to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The Queen was absent from several engagements as a result of her health issues. She is understood to be suffering from "episodic mobility issues".  The 96-year-old royal appeared at Trooping the Colour - where she watched from the balcony - and made a surprise appearance at Sunday's pageant. She also appeared virtually at the BBC's Party at the Palace in a pre-recorded comedy sketch featuring Paddington Bear. However, she was unable to attend the service at St Paul's and the Epsom Derby. Meanwhile, thousands of people across the UK celebrated the Queen's Platinum Jubilee with street parties and lunches.