Mauricio Pochettino has appeared to say goodbye to Paris Saint-Germain with a succession of cryptic Instagram posts. Pochettino has faced an uncertain future at PSG ever since the end of the season – and it seems as though he is now braced to be sacked by the French giants.    PSG are planning a major overhaul across all levels of the club this summer, with Kylian Mbappe’s decision to stay the first piece of the jigsaw. Sporting director Leonardo has been sacked, with Luis Campos expected to arrive as his replacement and wield the axe in pursuit of the elusive Champions League title the club craves. The Parisian club is sure to be busy in the summer transfer window, but first they have to decide on their manager. Pochettino won the Ligue 1 title last season yet has been surrounded by speculation over his future for the past few months, with Campos reportedly keen to bring in Nice boss Christophe Galtier as his replacement. L’Equipe says the former Tottenham manager’s fate has been sealed for ‘several months’. The delay is merely a formality, while PSG plan their next moves, with Pochettino due a pay-out of between £12-17million (€15-20m) thanks to the year left on his contract. JUST IN: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte 'pursues second Inter transfer deal'  Pochettino appears aware that a sacking is just around the corner, judging by his activity on social media. On Thursday evening, the 50-year-old posted a succession of nostalgic pictures from his playing days at PSG between 2001 and 2003, with the caption “great memories”, on his Instagram story. According to Fabrizio Romano, Campos is set to be officially announced by PSG on Friday, meaning Pochettino’s future to be decided ‘in the coming days’. While Galtier is favourite for the role, having worked with Campos at Lille, ex-Real Madrid manager Zinedine Zidane and Roma manager Jose Mourinho have also been linked with the job. DON'T MISS Jose Mourinho being 'strongly considered' to become PSG manager Man Utd’s Paul Pogba misery continues amid seven-figure payout Newcastle transfer plan hits stumbling block due to Mbappe  Pochettino insisted recently that PSG’s 2021/22 campaign had been a success, despite their defeat by Real Madrid in the last-16 of the Champions League, and said “impatience” was to blame for the current mood around the club. “PSG are desperate to win the Champions League. The goal is to win it and it is normal for troubles to occur, but we overcame them by winning the Championship just as City won it in England,” he said. “With the expectations and the dressing room we have, this season has been a continuous learning curve. We were one step away from eliminating Madrid, as were Chelsea, City and Liverpool. “We won like [Carlo] Ancelotti, [Laurent] Blanc... other [PSG] coaches. But there is a lot of impatience in the club. I think we're going to find the right form of agreement so that the players, the technical staff and the management can all go in the same direction.” 