Jurgen Klopp has ignored the advice of a former Premier League star by reportedly signing a new back-up for Trent Alexander-Arnold. The right-back has starred for Liverpool since breaking into the senior set-up and has only been kept out of Klopp's line-up through injury or suspension. Despite that, the England international will face fresh competition for his place in the upcoming season. That is because, as The Mirror report, Liverpool have 'agreed a deal' to sign Aberdeen star Calvin Ramsey. The Dons will receive a fee in the region of £4million for the 18-year-old, who Klopp is a 'big admirer' of. Ramsey will complete his move to Anfield next week, having been named the Scottish Football Writers’ Young Player of the Year last season. He will link up immediately with the first-team squad and Klopp is 'not considering' sending him out on loan. That means he will be challenging Alexander-Arnold for the right-back spot, with Klopp ignoring former Aston Villa star Gabby Agbonlahor with that decision. READ MORE: Liverpool agree transfer deal with Aberdeen for Calvin Ramsay Agbonlahor had insisted that Klopp did not need to bring in a new player to back-up Alexander-Arnold. Instead, the former striker believed that Neco Williams and Joe Gomez could handle those duties. “It’s very difficult to know who’s out there who is going to come in for Trent Alexander-Arnold for limited game time. He’s never injured, if he’s injured for a month a season then Gomez is more than capable of filling in," Agbonlahor told Football Insider in March. DON'T MISS: Liverpool boss Klopp gets Premier League fixture wish after criticism (INSIGHT)Liverpool make Sadio Mane promise as Bayern Munich prepare third bid (TRANSFERS)Liverpool urged to sign Sadio Mane replacement from Bayern this summer (ANALYSIS) "Then Henderson can be the one who gets on the ball and play those through balls to Mo Salah and Sadio Mane. I don’t think they need to sign another right-back. Gomez can do a job until Alexander-Arnold comes back. They might keep Neco Williams next season and not let him out on loan.” Klopp will hope that Ramsey can have a similar impact to Kostas Tsmiakis has had at left-back, where he provides competition to Andy Robertson. If not, Agbonlahor will have been proved right about the need for another option in Alexander-Arnold's position.