Stuart Highway (played by Ricky Champ) has been struggling to come to terms with becoming a father after Bernie Taylor (Clair Norris) agreed to be a surrogate. The undertaker and his wife Rainie Highway (Tanya Franks) were desperate for a baby but Stuart has been unable to bond with Roland despite his wife’s elation at having a child. Could the undertaker leave EastEnders for good if he continues to reject his son even if Roland receives a heartbreaking health diagnosis? In upcoming scenes, Stuart is wary about looking after his son for the day. Sonia Fowler (Natalie Cassidy) realises something is wrong when Stuart ignores his son’s cries in the café. He brushes off her concerns but later she visits him encouraging him to open up on what’s on his mind. Stuart admits he doesn’t feel anything for Roland and is struggling to bond with his son. The nurse gives him the details of a cancer mental health support group. Read more: EastEnders star Natalie Cassidy reacts to soap axing five stars Later, Vi Highway (Gwen Taylor) bumps into Sonia who explains the problems Stuart is dealing with. Vi tells her grandson she thinks it’s a great idea that he’s turning to a support group for help. However, the undertaker feels betrayed and snaps throwing the information in the bin. In the heat of the moment, Stuart tells his grandmother he doesn’t want to be Roland’s dad. Meanwhile, Rainie prepares for the social worker’s visit to discuss the parental order. But she panics when she can’t track down her husband. As Rainie attempts to stall the social worker, Callum Highway (Tony Clay) and Vi try to find Stuart. When they finally find him they both encourage him to step up and be there for Rainie. Stuart agrees but becomes quickly overwhelmed and abruptly ends the meeting. DON'T MISSAnita Dobson British Soap Awards appearance leaves viewers distracted [VIDEO]EastEnders theory: Mick Carter killed by Janine Butcher at Christmas [THEORY]EastEnders theory: Stuart Highway abandons family after fleeing [SPOILER] Infuriating Rainie, Stuart orders the social worker to leave immediately. Once alone, Stuart hits out at his wife and begins to spiral out of control. The undertaker takes Roland back to Bernie much to Rainie’s horror. He tells the Taylors he doesn’t want his son and Karen Taylor and Bernie agree to look after him. Rainie rushes over and pleads with the mother and daughter to let her explain what’s happened. The pair listen to Rainie but will it be enough to convince them Roland is safe with Stuart? Meanwhile, Vi’s concerns for her grandson grow when Stuart makes a scene in the market. Stuart is struggling to reach out for help and sees no way out of his current situation. If baby Roland falls ill and receives a heartbreaking health diagnosis which means the youngster requires a stay in hospital, Stuart may spiral out of control further if he still doesn’t bond with his son. Will a health complication with Roland result in Stuart deciding his future exists away from his son? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.