Gabby Agbonlahor has warned Sadio Mane to be “very careful” or he could risk tarnishing his Liverpool legacy. The Senegalese star has been linked with a move to Bayern Munich and has teased a move publicly as Liverpool are reportedly willing to accept a fee of around £40million for Mane. Ahead of the Champions League final, Mane told reporters that he would give a “special” decision on his future. Then, on international duty, the forward claimed that he would do what the people of his country wanted him to do, when told that an online poll in Senegal said that 60-70% of people wanted him to leave Anfield. However former Aston Villa striker Agbonlahor has warned Mane that his antics could damage his reputation among Reds fans. “I’d be very careful if I was Mane to not lose his Liverpool legacy,” Agbonlahor told Football Insider. “For me, he’s a Liverpool legend and he doesn’t want to say the wrong thing and lose the respect of the Liverpool fans. “He says he wants to leave and he can still be respectful to Liverpool. “They bought you for a big amount of money from Southampton and given you a platform to prove you’re a top, top player. I don’t think there’s any need to say the things that he’s said. “Players need to understand now that if there’s a camera in front of you or a microphone you can’t be making jokes about your club. It’s a sensitive time for Liverpool fans. “He just needs to say ‘You know what, I want to leave, Liverpool can’t meet my contract demands, I want to go somewhere else and I’ll love Liverpool forever’. There are ways to go out.” The Telegraph claims that Liverpool expect Bayern to return with a new offer for Mane which would meet their valuation of over £40m. The Reds have reportedly turned down two derisory bids for Mane, which featured add-ons that would only be met if Mane picked up a hat-trick of Ballons d’Or, despite George Weah being the only African to win the award in 1995. Since joining Liverpool from Southampton in 2016, Mane has lifted every trophy possible with the club and should he leave this summer, he will depart Anfield with 120 goals and 48 assists. Jurgen Klopp’s side are set to replace Mane with Benfica striker Darwin Nunez, who could become the club’s record signing. Reports from Portugal claim that Liverpool will pay £68million up front and £17m in potential add-ons, which if achieved would eclipse the £75m fee the club paid for Virgil van Dijk in 2018.