Prince Harry, Meghan Markle and their children, Archie and Lilibet, are hours from arriving at Windsor, having jetted out of California for the Platinum Jubilee. The Sussexes have left LAX Airport with their children Archie and Lilibet; the youngest will meet her great-grandmother, the Queen, for the first time as she turns one on Saturday. One source suggested they left overnight last night, according to the Daily Mail, and will land in London this afternoon after a 12-hour flight.  It is predicted the Sussexes will stay at Frogmore Cottage over the bank holiday and will only leave to attend two Platinum Jubilee events. Harry and Meghan are jetting abroad for a royal event as members of the Queen’s extended family, so will have to abide by protocols. Daena Borrowman, the Marketing Manager at jewellerybox spoke to Express.co.uk about rules the royals must follow when travelling. She said: “There are dozens of protocols in place that stylists and dressers of the royals have to familiarise themselves with to prevent working royals from landing into embarrassing fashion faux pas. READ MORE: Are shops open on Jubilee bank holiday? Aldi, Tesco, IKEA and more “It is customary for senior royals to dress modestly during public appearances, in order to preserve the sanctity of the Royal Family. “Royal women are expected to wear tights whenever their legs are exposed in public. They are also discouraged from showing off their cleavage.” Therefore, Meghan will be expected to follow these modesty rules when back in the UK for a few days. What must the Duchess of Sussex carry in her suitcase when travelling here to the UK? The expert commented: “While the Queen favours bold colours and prescribes them to her family because royals are meant to be easily distinguishable in a crowd, a tragedy delivered a life lesson, giving rise to a whole new protocol that applies to this date. “When Queen Elizabeth’s flight landed in England after the death of her father, her dresser realised they hadn’t packed a black mourning outfit for the new mourning Queen to be received by her ministers. “Ever since then, Royal Family members have to compulsorily pack a black outfit when travelling.” Meghan is expected to attend the Service of Thanksgiving on Friday – what style rules must she follow during this event?  Daena added: “Royal women are expected to keep their coats on at social events, as disrobing in public is perceived as distasteful according to royal protocol. “This would explain why so many royal women prefer coat dresses. “Whilst touring abroad, royal protocol dictates that royal women also honour local history and traditions by sporting the colours of the country they are in, wearing jewellery gifted to the Queen by that country or respecting local customs such as covering of the head with a scarf.” If Meghan is to follow this rule, it will be expected she will wear clothes and jewellery by British designers. The Duchess famously broke royal protocol back in 2018 when she wore dark nail varnish on her fingernails.  Daena said: “Royal women are not permitted to wear bright or dark nail paint on their fingernails. “Only nude shades, sheer whites and light pinks are allowed.” Archie, Meghan and Harry’s son, is three years old, and technically is not allowed to wear long trousers as a royal boy. Daena explained: “Little boys of aristocratic standing cannot wear long trousers until the age of seven or eight. “This is the reason Princes George and Louis have only been spotted in short trousers.” 