The new series of Stranger Things deepened the mythology of Hawkins as audiences gained an insight into the experiments conducted at the town’s lab by Dr Martin Brenner (played by Matthew Modine). There was also more about the new villain of the series Vecna (Jamie Campbell Bower), who had the power to enter people’s minds and use their trauma against them before he killed them. There was also a big flashback right at the start of season four, volume one which featured a bloody massacre and most of the numbers killed. In the massacre scene, it appeared all of Dr Brenner’s child experiments were killed by Vecna/One. Graphic shots saw lifeless bodies in Vecna’s wake with the villain turning his attention to Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown), whom he then battled with. Eleven miraculously overpowered Vecna and sent him into the Upside Down when she accidentally ripped a hole in time and space. Interestingly, Eight/Kali Prasad’s (Linnea Berthelsen) wasn’t pictured among the dead at the Hawkins Massacre but how could she have escaped the onslaught by Vecna? READ MORE: Who plays Enzo in Stranger Things? This seems to create something of a plot hole as the suggestion from the massacre was no one survived apart from Eleven. But as fans will remember, Eleven found her sister Kali after having a fight with Jim Hopper (David Harbour). Kali and Eleven bonded as the youngster spent time with her sister’s rag-tag group of friends. Fans also saw how Kali had different powers to Eleven which meant she could create visions, which seemed very real. Much to Eleven’s chagrin, Kali conjured up a vision of Dr Brenner to torment her and at one point even created spiders to frighten one of her friends. This leaves a huge plot hole which the show’s creators will have to address at some point and it seems very strange to leave it unresolved. Kali is said to have escaped from the lab after she managed to grow her powers and used them to flee. Could Kali have fled from Hawkins Laboratory before Vecna started manipulating Eleven? If so, this could explain how she wasn’t there when he carried out his killing spree. DON'T MISS...Stranger Things author drops hint at prequel spin-off [INSIGHT]Stranger Things: Is Dr Brenner really Eleven's dad? [EXPLAINER]Stranger Things: Did the experiments on Eleven happen in real life? [ANALYSIS] Many Stranger Things fans have taken to Twitter to comment on this apparent plot hole with user @_yoboistan posting: “I could not be the only one who expected Kali/Eight, the sister of Eleven from previous season, to appear on Season 4. It seems a major plot hole to me. #StrangerThings.” While @ayoodole wrote: “Expecting to see more of Kali in season 4 of stranger things. She can't just go like that.” Viewer @itsaaudraw tweeted: “where is kali, netflix? where are you keeping her??!?!?! #strangerthings.” Another audience member @jespertalent said: “remember Kali from stranger things season 2? neither do the writers.” Enraged fan @calmheedattea_ posted: “stranger things s4 spoiler. WHY IS KALI NOT SEEN IN THESE SUPPOSED MEMORIES OF EL THIS IS P***ING ME OFF LIKE ARE WE JUST FORGETTING KALI EVER HAPPENED WHAT [sic].” Another @legocereal added: “#StrangerThings spoiler why was kali the only one with different abilities tho :/ the concept of all of the kids powers developing differently was so cool whyd they just completely ignore it this season [sic].” Considering Kali featured in the pivotal flashback scene when Terry Ives (Aimee Mullins) broke into the rainbow room in the lab and tried to rescue her daughter, it seems like a huge oversight if she has now been forgotten. If anything, the writers are likely to fix this plot hole either in volume two of season four or even in the fifth and final season when the story will be concluding. Stranger Things season 4 volume 2 will be released on Netflix on July 1