As Wimbledon gets into full flow in London, weather fronts will sweep across the northern areas of the UK, Carol Kirkwood said, beginning in North Wales and Northern Ireland before moving to the midlands and then up to the northeast. Concurrently, heavy showers will hit East Anglia and Kent before disappearing over the North Sea. These thundery episodes are set to continue into Friday, though Ms Kirkwood said there would be some “sunshine in between”, with temperatures peaking at around 22 degrees celsius.    Ms Kirkwood said: “We’ve got this clutch of weather fronts currently producing some rain in the west in Northern Ireland and North Wales. “And the whole lot is moving northwards across Scotland, taking its rain with it. Eventually, that will become confined to the far northeast. “We’ll see further showers develop - we’ve got some at the moment - but we’ll see further showers develop over the course of the day. “Heavy and thundery, sunshine in between, or at least bright skies, and another weather front just clipping the coast of East Anglia and Kent.    “At times, it could produce a little bit of rain right in the east. Most will stay dry. “Temperatures 14 to about 21 degrees. Now, through this evening and overnight, a lot of the showers will fade, but we’ll have a cluster of them, which could be heavy and thundery, in the midlands, moving up into northeast England. “Meanwhile a weather front drifts northward. We’ll see some heavy rain for a time, actually, in Aberdeenshire. Most of the UK, however, will be in double figures [degrees celsius]. “So here’s that weather front bringing heavy rain into Aberdeenshire, which it will do again tomorrow until eventually pushing up into the northern isles. READ MORE: Storms strong enough to cause FLOODS set to hit the west [REVEAL]   “And then later on in the day, another weather front will bring some rain across from Northern Ireland and eventually into Wales. “So, eventually, we will see that rain push up to the northeast. Again, more showers develop behind it. “Tomorrow, again, there is some potential for them to be heavy and thundery but we’ll have a brisk wind tomorrow so they will move through that bit quicker. “Temperatures around 13 to 22 degrees celsius.” DON'T MISS: Solar storm could hit Earth TODAY as 'crack' opens in Earth's magnetos [REPORT] Met Office flood alert: Heavy rain to trigger traffic chaos [REVEAL]UK heatwave: 30C Azores high to blast country - Maps turn RED [REPORT]   Coming into the first weekend of July, the forecast for summer looks equally miserable. A band of rain and heavy showers is expected to push over the UK on Saturday. While there will be the occasional sunny spell, as there will be today and tomorrow, it will be a largely wet Saturday. It is set to be a drier day on Sunday with the odd light shower in places, particularly over western Scotland, staying largely dry with some sunny spells elsewhere. READ NEXT: BBC Weather: Carol Kirkwood in Wimbledon rain warning amid downpoursBrits brace for thundery showers as unsettled weather rumbles 'Poorer, s*** coffee and awful weather' US presenter rants at EuropeEurope heatwave: Scorching Italy's temperatures soarFlooding expected in Scotland as heavy rain batters the west  