Manchester United's pursuit of Feyenoord left-back Tyrell Malacia could see Alex Telles forced out of the club before the new Premier League season gets underway, according to reports. The Red Devils are said to have agreed a transfer fee with Feyenoord to land Malacia, who has been keenly admired by Erik ten Hag for some time. The 22-year-old initially looked set to join Lyon before United barged in to submit a better offer at the eleventh hour, with those in power at Old Trafford now believed to be discussing personal terms with the player's representatives. It seems as though the start of one United career will spell the end for another, though, if Alex Telles is shipped out as a result of Malacia's potential addition to the squad.The proposed move would effectively mark the end of Telles' spell at United, with club chiefs prepared to listen to offers for his services until the end of the transfer window, according to the Manchester Evening News. The Brazilian defender largely failed to impress over the course of last season and will reportedly be allowed to leave if a suitable bid is tabled for his signature this summer.Any move away for Telles would, of course, be dependent on United's pursuit of Malacia and the Red Devils will be desperate to wrap up a full agreement to make him their first signing of the Ten Hag era in the near future. Feyenoord director Frank Arnesen confirmed on Monday that a deal had been struck with the 13-time Premier League champions but it remains to be seen whether Malacia will manage to agree personal terms over the coming days. JUST IN: Chelsea handed Neymar transfer boost as PSG make stance clear "The agreement is there," Arnesen told Dutch media. "We are now waiting for Tyrell. If he says yes, then a transfer to Manchester United is imminent."Malacia has been a regular at Feyenoord for the last two years and remains tied down to the Dutch outfit until the summer of 2024 as things stand. The man himself hinted at the possibility of a summer move away when quizzed on his immediate future while on international duty with the Netherlands earlier this month."I'm certainly ready for the next steps, but first I want to focus on the Oranje squad and play here," Malacia told reporters. "I feel like everything happens for a reason and everything is written. If it's the right time, it's the right time. I'm not really thinking about it, it's in the back of my mind, but I don't want to comment on it."Malacia racked up 50 appearances in all competitions for Feyenoord over the course of last season, chipping in with a goal and five assists in the process. He was duly rewarded for his strong form with a debut Netherlands call-up in September and has since earned a total of five senior international caps for his country. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here