Cliff Richard, a "national treasure" as Loose Women host Ruth Langsford introduced him, joined her and fellow panellists Sophie Morgan, Coleen Nolan and Denise Welch on Monday to talk about his career and involvement with the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. While reminiscing about his career, which has spanned more than 60-years, he revealed he refused a photo with singing legend Elvis Presley due to the King of Rock and Roll putting on "some weight". Almost skipping onto the studio floor, the Loose Women ladies were ecstatic to have the chart-topper with them. Ruth even pointed out his chipper entrance and said: "Good to see you. Look how you sprung down the steps! You just leapt down our steps." Joking, Cliff replied: "I am just proving to people I can still do it." Although he did not perform at the Jubilee concert, he did appear on the bus, which toured around during the Platinum Jubilee Pageant, which was packed full of British icons. Read More: Rod Stewart defends Sweet Caroline Jubilee performance after being blasted by fans As the show went on, the conversation moved to his illustrious and nostalgic career. When asked if he thought he would still be performing after his first single launched when he was just 17, he said: "It never crossed my mind. In those days, I was 17 when I made that record Move It, and we didn't think further than next month." He went on to add: "It wasn't until we got to our tenth year that we thought 'Oh' and that's when longevity came within grasp." Coleen had a special link to the guest as it was he who they opened for at the start of their career. He jested: "I introduced you all... and I do regret it." Describing the "50s" icon bus that Sir Cliff rode on, he mentioned how songs from other artists such as "Elvis" played. Ruth asked: "Did you ever met Elvis?" "No, I didn't actually," he responded. "There was this one time. I was promoting Devil Woman in America, and this journalist came and talked to me, and I said to him, 'Well, Elvis is my inspiration.' DON’T MISS…Len Goodman blunder: Strictly star sparks uproar with curry powder comment- 'foreign muck' [LATEST]Top Gear's Chris Harris details painful injury sustained during filming 'Really dangerous' [LATEST]Virgin River season 4 theory: Jack's shooter to be exposed as Mel's ex's sister Stacie [LATEST] "He said, 'I know him well. Do you want to have your photograph taken with him?' "When the interview was over, he said, 'Well, when do you want to do it?' Bringing his hand to his face as he retold the story, his regret was visible as he continued with his response to the journalist: "I tell you what, let's wait." Looking at the panel, he added: "Because he [Elvis] had put on a lot of weight. Finishing his story, he concluded: "And I said to him, 'Look, if I am going to have a photograph with Elvis stuck on my refrigerator door, I want him to look great.'