As fans eagerly await the seventh season of Starz’s romance series, Outlander’s showrunner opened up about the future of the show. The executive producer Maril Davis also shared her feeling about the series coming to an end.  March saw the release of Outlander's sixth season, after a nearly two-year hiatus which fans dubbed as ‘Droughtlander.’ Although the instalment only contained eight episodes, it was action-packed with a number of storylines and its tragic finale set up for the upcoming seventh season. Outlander is the on-screen adaptation of the best-selling novel series written by Diana Gabaldon. Davis shared hopes of seeing the show adapt her 10th book, which she is currently writing, following the release of her ninth novel in the series, ‘Go Tell The Bees I’m Gone.’  READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show The upcoming seventh season will be mostly based on Gabaldon’s seventh book, ‘An Echo in the Bone.’ Speaking to Parade, Davis disclosed: “I’d love to see it through to the end, I think this has been such a fun project to work on. “It does make me pretty sad to think one day it will end, because there’s no other show I have as much fun talking about.” Gabaldon also opened up about the show coming to an end and hinted at a potential timeline on the FAQ page of her website.  The author wrote: “I think the Outlander books will end in 1800. If this tells you anything, more power to you.” After revealing the story will end in Scotland, she added: “Yes, the last book will have a happy ending, though I confidently expect it to leave the readers in floods of tears, anyway.” As well as Davis, Jamie Fraser star Sam Heughan also knows how the story of Outlander will end. The showrunner continued: “I don’t know what she’s [Gabaldon] planning, she sent me the last page of the last book, but I feel like that’s not enough for me.  DON'T MISS...Dermot O'Leary takes swipe at Anton Du Beke over ticket sales [INSIGHT]Outlander’s Jamie Fraser star Sam sparks frenzy with night shoot snaps [INSIGHT]Outlander writer shuts down Jamie Fraser time travel theory [INSIGHT] “I want to know what book 10 is going to be already. I still have questions, though. I’ll be honest, I still have questions.” During an appearance on Watch What Happens Live, Heughan admitted Gabaldon “revealed the ending, the last scene of it”. The actor added: “But she's still writing the 10th book so we've got a long way to go.” As fans shared their hopes on Twitter of Jamie time-travelling to “live out his life in Lallybroch,” Gabaldon responded: “Sorry, Not Happening.”  Although the author is working on Outlander’s final chapter, it was also revealed Gabaldon was writing its prequel spin-off. Back in 2020, she told a fan the storyline will focus on the relationship between Jamie’s parents Ellen Fraser and Brian Fraser. Although viewers have heard a lot about his parents from his relatives, Murtagh Fitzgibbons (Duncan LaCroix) and Jocasta Cameron (Maria Doyle Kennedy), they died long before Jamie met Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) in season one. Fans can expect to see a host of new faces in the prequel and potentially a younger version of Jamie, as it’s unlikely Heughan will make an appearance. Outlander is available in the US on Starz and in the UK on Starzplay. 