Amanda Owen has explained what will happen to Ravenseat Farm now that her and husband Clive, who both starred on Our Yorkshire Farm together, are divorcing. The mum-of-nine assured fans they will still work together on their shared land. “Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together, with our number one priority the happiness and well-being of our children,” she wrote in a statement on Instagram. “We would also like to thank everyone for their support and would ask that the media please respect our privacy as we work through this difficult time.” She began her statement with the sad news of their split. "Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate," she explained. "This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family." Amanda and Clive had met when she decided to swap her modelling career for some hands-on experience at local farms in the Yorkshire Dales. While training to be a shepherdess, she knocked on Clive’s door one night as she was looking for a tup, which is a male sheep. Faced with the stunning Amanda at his door so late in the night, Clive was taken aback. "I do remember this six-foot something woman knocked on the door. I was very taken with her. You couldn't not be," he said. Despite their 21-year age gap, love blossomed between the pair. "It was a slow burn thing we kind of got to know each other. Made friends first then went out a little bit together," said Amanda. "With us both coming from non-farming backgrounds we were kind of peas in a pod really but we didn't know that at the time." DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly, 62, causes stir as she unveils secret procedure [ADMISSION]Amanda Holden, 51, flashes endless legs in thigh-high split dress [PHOTOS]Piers Morgan in tears as gun massacre speech reminds him of daughter [INSIGHT] They went on to have a brood of nine children - Raven, 21, Reuben, 18, Miles, 15, Edith, 13, Violet, 11, Sidney, ten, Annas, eight, Clemmie, six, and Nancy, five. Amid reports Amanda and Clive were experiencing difficulties in their marriage, they responded with a public statement in October 2021. It read: "With the TV show and the books we've always aimed to show the reality of life on the farm. "And just like any marriage, we have our stresses and strains, coupled with all the complexities of what we do on the farm and bringing up nine kids.  "We’re a normal family and we’ve never said our marriage is perfect." They added that they had been experiencing a "rocky patch". Amanda recently made headlines when she revealed she received a “yellow flag” from social services about how she was raising her children. She did not specify why, but insisted she wanted them to spend time outdoors without being overly anxious about health and safety all the time.