Princess Eugenie recently caused a stir by posting a selection of images from the Platinum Jubilee weekend on her Instagram. In one of the photos, the Princess posted a picture of the royals on the Buckingham Palace balcony after the jubilee pageant. However, the picture noticeably cropped out Kate Middleton at the end.  This caused outrage among royal fans and particularly supporters of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. Judi James, a body language expert, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to analyse the relationship between Eugenie and Kate. She claimed: “There are several reasons why Kate and Eugenie might be something less than good friends, fueling the current speculation over why Eugenie appeared to have cropped Kate from her Jubilee balcony photo. “There could have been old gripes about Kate’s lack of royal blood. “One well-viewed piece of footage of the royals leaving church one Christmas seemed to show Eugenie pushing past Kate and this is often cited as a visual example of some form of resentment. “In actual fact though the moment is probably misleading. “It’s hard to judge perspective in scenes like this and Eugenie could easily have been in a hurry but not have been as physically close to Kate at that moment as she seems,” the expert opined. What is Eugenie’s relationship with Prince Harry and Meghan Markle?   Judi suggested: “There is also the fact that Eugenie and Jack remain firm friends with Harry and Meghan, even visiting the couple in the US. “But the deepest cuts, if they really do exist, might have been caused over William’s approach to Eugenie’s father Andrew, whom he seems very keen to ban from any return to royal life. “Eugenie and her mother Fergie and sister Beatrice have always seemed to have loyalty as one of their strongest traits and this apparent rejection of her father could easily have caused some frost between herself and the Cambridges,” the expert claimed. Eugenie and Kate regularly posed together at Trooping the Colour and on other royal engagements in the early 2010s.  What was their body language like then? Judi explained: “In actual fact, Kate’s body language history with Eugenie appears to suggest closeness between the two women. “Their greetings have been warm and they have often been seen engaging in conversations that Kate, in particular, appears to enjoy, using animated gesticulation to involve Eugenie. “Their hug at an evening event in 2014 looked fonder and friendlier than necessary. “As an intentional gesture we can see both Kate and Eugenie holding their arms out from quite a distance on the approach and Kate is arching her back.  “This non-verbal cue suggests both surprise and delight at seeing someone and it adds extra intensity to what could just be an approach and air-kiss.” Judi continued: “Both women are capable of sticking to the etiquette basics if need be, but their displays here do show a desire to signal closeness and pleasure in each other’s company. “The poses are all quite old, though. “With Andrew out of royal life it is possible some resentment will build between his loyal daughters and the royals that seem instrumental in prolonging his banishment,” the expert suggested. 