The former Labour Prime Minister told the Sky News presenter that Britain is at war with both Europe and the US over Northern Ireland amid efforts to fix the controversial Brexit Protocol. Gordon Brown was asked to clarify how a state of war may exist between London and Washington, with the former Prime Minister stating that America is unwilling to sign a trade treaty with the UK until the Brexit problems in Northern Ireland are resolved. Mr Brown told Sky News: "If we cannot repair our relations with Europe and America, and we are at war if you like with both of them for different reasons..." "Why are we at war with America!?," quizzed Ms Rigby. "We are at war with America over Ireland," replied the former Prime Minister. "Because America will not sign a trade treaty with Britain as long as we can't sort out the issues related to Ireland."  Ms Rigby said: "Actually, President Biden I asked him about this explicitly last year, last September and he did say that he thought the two things were separate. "That there was a trade deal and then there was the Good Friday Agreement." Mr Brown responded: "But he may think that but the American Congress will not think that. "There is no chance of a trade deal between Britain and America unless we can sort out the problems that arise in Ireland.  It comes as the European Commission stated the body is willing to negotiate trading arrangements for Northern Ireland with Britain, but only if talks are constructive and do not resume with an outcome already set by London, a top EU official said on Wednesday. "Our doors are open for negotiations but it has to be constructive negotiations and it cannot be done in a way that we negotiate but the result is given in advance," Commission Vice President Maros Sefcovic told a news conference in Brussels. Mr Sefcovic delivered a speech in London later on Wednesday, two days after legislation allowing Britain to scrap some of the rules on post-Brexit Northern Ireland trade passed the first of many parliamentary tests. He told his British audience that the UK bill was not only a violation of international law but would lead to "constant uncertainty". DON'T MISS:Have Your Say: Should Boris let Sturgeon have IndyRef2? [REACT]Tory MPs dreading Boris Partygate inquiry [INSIGHT]Boris expected to bring back winning election campaign chief [REVEAL] "Put simply: it would not work," he said, with British ministers able to change the rules on a whim and a dual regulatory regime burying businesses under bureaucracy. The British government also had to be honest with its own public, Sefcovic said. Minimal checks can work for goods moving to Northern Ireland from the rest of the United Kingdom, he said, but "zero checks is not an option". The Commission's proposals to reduce customs documentation and checks would, Sefcovic said, bring stability and legal certainty. They would also prevent the return of a hard border between Northern Ireland and EU member Ireland, which has been avoided by keeping Northern Ireland in the EU single market for goods.