Mamma Mia would not be the same without Meryl Streep's stellar performance as leading lady Donna Sheridan. The Hollywood icon took on some of ABBA's biggest ballads for the 2008 romantic comedy, but broadcaster Jonathan Ross seemed somewhat distracted by Donna's clothing when watching the film. During an episode of BBC's Talking Pictures, Meryl shut down Jonathan about her character's costumes.  In a clip from Friday Night With Jonathan Ross in 2008, Jonathan asked the Oscar-winning actress about starring in the musical film which had recently been released in cinemas. A scene where the cast was singing Dancing Queen by ABBA was shown to the studio audience and Jonathan asked if the movie was shot in Greece. Meryl replied: "Yes, it was shot in the north." Jonathan swiftly moved on to the costumes Meryl's character had to wear for the film and commented on how she only seemed to be wearing navy dungarees. READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show She shut him down during the interview by saying: "What, you don't like them?" Jonathan awkwardly replied: "Well I don't have a problem with them. "I personally don't like them because for a man, if you have the straps done up incorrectly, it can be a little unaccommodating." "You have to make a decision," she joked following his comment.  He continued: "How much of the year did you spend in dungarees when you were filming that?" He then showed the audience a still from the movie where Meryl looked as though she was able to do the splits in the dungarees. "Are you on strings or are you just jumping on a bed?" Jonathan asked. Meryl laughed and admitted: "I didn't think about that before I did it, but I should have because I felt it the next day." DON'T MISS...Meryl Streep details campaign to steal Sophie's Choice role from rival [INTERVIEW]Meryl Streep opens up on 'making mistakes' in career [INSIGHT]Robert Redford's relationship with Meryl Streep once caused 'ripples' [LATEST] However, the blue dungarees she wore in Mamma Mia were soon swapped for the blue power suits she donned when playing Margaret Thatcher in 2011's The Iron Lady. Meryl went on to win an Oscar for her role as the late Conservative Prime Minister in the biopic. Speaking about the leader with Andrew Marr in 2012, she recalled: "I remember when she was elected and we were all secretly thrilled that there was a female head of state. "And we thought it if could happen in Britain it would happen in America." 