Stranger Things is coming back to Netflix very soon and an official trailer for the second part of season four has been released. The trailer shows Vecna (played by Jamie Campbell Bower) warning the gang that they will lose the war. Fans are keen to know whether the story ends here, or whether there is more to come. Season four of Stranger Things left fans open-mouthed as it revealed some shocking truths. Vecna, the new big bad of the series, relentlessly attacked vulnerable residents of Hawkins. His shocking origin story was revealed in the part one finale, as it was revealed he was in fact 001, Henry Creel. In the trailer for the final two episodes, Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) is warned Hawkins will fall as her friends are "not prepared for this fight". Robin Buckley (Maya Hawke) says: "I have this terrible feeling it might not work out for us this time." READ MORE: Star Wars boss Kathleen Kennedy 'in talks with Stranger Things star' Thankfully the gang's journey will not end here as the series has been given the green light for season five. The supernatural drama was actually renewed for a fifth season back in February 2022. However, it is not all good news as it was announced season five would be the final season. The Duffer brothers said the full story arc was always expected to be four or five seasons. They have, however, suggested some spin-off shows could be in the pipeline. The pair said in a statement: "There are still many more exciting stories to tell within the world of Stranger Things. "New mysteries, new adventures, new unexpected heroes. But first, we hope you stay with us as we finish this tale.” In the new trailer, Vecna warns the Hawkins gang: "It is over, now I just want you to watch." The protagonists including Eddie Munson (Joseph Quinn) and Steve Harrington (Joe Keery) are seen back in the Upside Down as they search for Nancy Wheeler (Natalia Dyer). Jim Hopper (David Harbour) is also seen reunited with Joyce Byers (Winona Ryder) in Russia as they look for an escape. DON'T MISS... Stranger Things season 4 theory: Steven and Robin deaths ‘sealed’ [THEORY] Stranger Things theory: Eddie survives as star teases return [DISCUSSION] Stranger Things fan predicted season 4 Vecna twist 6 years ago [THEORY] In the final moments, Vecna is heard saying: "Your friends have lost", so the battle could continue into season five. When it was announced season five would be the final season, the Duffer brothers published a lengthy letter. They said: "[Season four] is also the beginning of the end. "Seven years ago, we planned out the complete story arc for Stranger Things. "At the time, we predicted the story would last four to five seasons. It proved too large to tell in four but, as you will soon see for yourselves, we are now hurtling towards our finale." Some details about what to expect from the fifth season have already been released. Ross Duffer said there would be a time jump in order to coincide with the actors' ages. He told Forbes: "Ideally, we’d have shot [seasons four and five] back to back, but there was just no feasible way to do that.” The writer did not specify how long the time jump would be. Most of the actors are now in their late teens or early 20s, with Steve Harrington actor Keery aged 30.  Stranger Things season 4 part 2 airs on Netflix on July 1.