Royal expert Angela Levin accused the Duke and Duchess of Sussex of acting like “petulant teenagers” after they greeted fans from their car by winding down the windows. She highlighted something dangerous could have happened but the pair did not want to stay out of the spotlight, which contradicted Prince Harry’s claims he does not feel safe in the UK.  Ms Levin told GB News: "There he was, in a car with black windows, so they’ve obliged them with that so nobody could see who it was, and they both opened the windows right down and started waving at the people. "That was an indication to me that they couldn’t be out of the spotlight. However, that is very dangerous; someone could throw a bomb or a load of tomatoes through the window, you make yourself very vulnerable." Meghan and Harry lost their taxpayer-funded police protection in the aftermath of their sensational decision to quit royal duties to forge new careers in California in 2020. Since then, the couple have relied upon a private security team in the US but the couple’s legal representatives argue this team does not have adequate jurisdiction abroad or access to UK intelligence information which is needed to keep the Sussex family safe. The Duke of Sussex last year launched legal action against the Home Office to appeal the decision not to provide his household with the same level of protection as working royals would. Harry has previously argued he wants to bring his son Archie and baby daughter Lilibet to visit from the US, but he and his family are "unable to return to his home" because it is too dangerous, a legal representative said.  READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry 'very upset' after being 'ignored' But the row appeared to be temporarily put to the side when Prince Harry returned to the UK with his wife and children to celebrate his beloved grandmother’s momentous Jubilee celebrations. The pair largely stayed out of the spotlight, only officially attending a thanksgiving service on Friday for the Queen in their first public appearance together in Britain since quitting royal duties. The pair joined other senior royals at the service at London's St Paul's Cathedral, the latest event in Platinum Jubilee celebrations marking the Queen's 70 years on the throne.  DON'T MISS GMB's Richard Madeley wants to snoop around Meghan Markle’s house [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry absent from family Jubilee lunch [INFO]Meghan and Harry's permanent UK return questioned after behaviour [OPINION] While their two young children did not appear in public, but are thought to have met the Queen for a special lunch on Thursday. This would have been the first time the monarch met her great-granddaughter, Lilibet Diana.  Ms Levin said the couple did not appear enough for the momentous occasion, adding: “I thought they were like petulant teenagers, really. “If they didn’t get what they wanted they would leave.  “They did leave early, they left before the pageant on Sunday. But they also didn’t go to anything else."