Meghan Markle and Prince Harry were surprised by William's reaction upon their arrival back in the UK, according to a royal expert. Neil Sean, the royal expert, said that a "very good source" told him that William still holds a grudge against the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Meanwhile, the Queen has shown "kindness and forgiveness" to Harry and Meghan after controversial interviews in the US. Harry and Meghan had expected William to be "more forgiving and welcoming" on their return, according to Mr Sean. However, the frosty reception on show at yesterday's service of thanksgiving shows that it is "not looking good" between the two brothers. Mr Sean explained: "The Queen has shown kindness, forgiveness, and compassion to Harry and Meghan after they damaged her monarchy and family. "But another senior royal is less forgiving." JUST IN: GB News: Anne Diamond forced to shut down guest over Diana comment  He continued: "The Queen at 96 is looking after her own personal legacy. "She wants to be sure that what she leaves behind is the right image. "But according to a very good source, there is one particular, senior member who is not as forgiving - William. "Sadly for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, he is the least able to accept and move forward. In public yes but in private not so. "For Harry and Meghan, they moved on. They told their story. They wanted to get their side of the story out. "They think William should be as forgiving and welcoming as the Queen. "Sadly for them, William has bigger things to look at, like the future of the monarchy and supporting his father. "For Harry and Meghan, it is not as welcoming as they thought on their return." This comes as the royal editor of the Daily Mirror, Russell Myers, revealed that it was "very, very frosty" between the Sussexes and Cambridges in yesterday's appearance at St Paul's Cathedral. DON'T MISS: Jubilee LIVE: Harry and Meghan face 'big test' with royals TONIGHT [LIVE BLOG]Ukraine wipes out key Russian communication base [VIDEO]Corbyn could scupper Prince Charles' accession with unprecedented move [INSIGHT]  Far across the aisle from the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Harry and Meghan sat in the second row, behind the Wessex family and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester. Mr Myers said: "The brothers didn't lock eyes or make eye contact at all. "Harry was craning his neck to look at William and William didn't look back at him. "I think there's still a lot of bad atmosphere going on and there needs to be a bit more water under the bridge until those brothers come back together." 