It was recently announced that the Queen is set to host a joint birthday party, later this summer, for Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge. Since news of the birthday bash, questions have arisen as to whether Prince Harry and Meghan will return to the UK for the family celebrations. Speaking on a latest episode on his YouTube channel, royal expert Neil Sean discussed the couple's different views on a return. Mr Sean claimed: "It does appear that there's a bit of, shall we say friction, between Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, according to a very good source, and as ever we say allegedly because he would be keen to return for his brother's 40th birthday. "He, of course, knows about royal duty and how things would look if he doesn't return, it's as simple as that." He added: "[But] according to the good source, Meghan Markle is not keen at all, to go back into a room, you know some may say a hornet's nest which she did her own stirring, to spend an evening, afternoon, day whatever, that might be celebrating someone that clearly has got issues with her, and likewise, visa versa." The royal expert claimed that Prince Harry is probably "looking back at his life and thinking to himself [that] this something [he] truly wants to do". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry SECOND interview fears as couple spotted on Oprah trip He claims that the brothers were previously "good and close, whatever you may have thought", adding that "invitations have yet to be issued". He continued: "If Prince William does designate an invitation to both Meghan and Harry, and I truly believe he could because, you know, he's gracious and kind, then the tricky bit is will Harry come alone." He added: "The difficult point for, then, Prince Harry is if he goes alone, what strife will he be leaving behind and more importantly, returning to when he eventually goes back to California." It was reported earlier this month that Prince William did not spend any time with his brother when the Duke and Duchess of Sussex visited the UK for the Platinum Jubilee. READ MORE: Scot republicans viciously attack the Queen as she arrives 'last time she was booed!' Tensions between Prince Harry and Prince William have been ongoing for some time, in particular since Harry and Meghan's royal exit in 2020. The pair made the decision to step down as senior working royals "after many months of reflection and internal discussions". In their official announcement, which was made via their Instagram account, the couple declared that they planned to "work to become financially independent" but all whilestill "continuing to fully support Her Majesty The Queen". DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan stuck in 'stalemate' with royals [INSIGHT]Meghan's comments on Kate 'really damaging' for Harry and William [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry 'thinking of relinquishing title' - claim [VIDEO] Meghan and Harry's UK visit for the Platinum Jubilee was their first official return since their move stateside. For their trip, they bought their two children, three-year-old son Archie Harrison and one-year-old daughter Lilibet Diana. During the trip, the Queen was able to meet her namesake great-granddaughter, in person, for the first time. READ NEXT: