Mary (played by Louise Jameson) has always had somewhat of a strained relationship with Rhona (Zoe Henry) even before she came to the village. The fact they have both been looking after Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) following his stroke earlier this year on Emmerdale has allowed them both to be honest about their feelings for the first time in years. However, it seems they might not know everything about each other as upcoming scenes on the ITV soap will see Mary talk about her sexuality and there are hints dropped she might not be who she says she is. The drama begins in next week's episodes of the weeknight serial drama as Mary spends more time with her new friend, Kim Tate (Claire King). As the pair enjoy a cup of tea together at Home Farm, Kim seems to press a trigger to a very emotional time in Mary's life as she asks more about her past. For the first time since she has been in the village, Rhona's mother tells her friend she is a lesbian and has been all her life. Feeling a weight has been lifted off her shoulder, she tells the businesswoman about someone she loved who she had to let go. Knowing how much this means to the newcomer, Kim encourages her to be open with her daughter about her sexuality so they can discuss it without any need for secrecy. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast ‘lining up GB News host’ as Dan Walker replacement At first, Mary is apprehensive about telling Rhona as she knows the village vet is very busy with work and looking after Marlon. However, she asks her daughter to sit down with her so they can talk about something important, which Rhona agrees to do. The last thing she is expecting to hear though is her mother is a lesbian and is left in a state of shock over the admission. Wanting to find out more, the vet questions the newcomer about the revelation and whether she has been keeping this secret her whole life. Rhona learns the neighbour who Mary has spoken about before who died suddenly before she came to the village was actually her love interest. Mary wanted to come to the village as she knew she was grieving and needed to be close to her daughter, no matter what the state of their relationship was like. Unfortunately, Rhona is still confused by everything she has heard and she begins to wonder if her whole life has been a lie. With the anger building inside her, wondering if her mother was ever in love with her father, she tells the room her mother is gay. The newcomer is left hurt by this reaction as she thought she would have had the support of her daughter during this moment. Needing a distraction from her daughter, Mary decides to spend the day with Bear Wolf (Joshua Richards) and they talk more about her sexuality. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Natalie Anderson surprises husband with vow renewal abroad [COMMENT]Emmerdale’s Rosie Bentham pleads for co-star’s return 'A lot of drama' [COMMENT]'Traumatising' Emmerdale's Mark Charnock humiliated on the train [COMMENT] However, it could be during this conversation, Mary tells Bear about another secret she has been hiding from Rhona all these years. Mary could explain she was never actually in love with Rhona's father and he was a sperm donor who was willing to give her a child. Unfortunately, she could have learned she wasn't able to have children of her own and so she used ended up adopting a baby. In the times when Mary would have been trying to get pregnant, advances in medicine such as surrogacy and IVF wouldn't have been so accessible. Therefore, adoption may have been her only option after discovering she couldn't conceive naturally. Rhona would not be happy to discover Mary isn't her mother, never mind how much they have been at each other's throats in the past. If she were to discover this secret, she could blame Mary for taking her away from her birth family and not giving them the chance to come back to her. This would dive into a new storyline for Rhona as she would go looking for the family she was born into and discover if she has any siblings. Although this would hurt Mary, she would know she would have to let her daughter do this now the secret was out in the open. Will Mary and Rhona ever be able to move past this or will their relationship end here as the vet decides to cut ties with the woman who raised her? The actress who plays Mary, Louise, has spoken out about her character in the past and how she is able to form relationships. Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, the soap star said: "I think Mary functions off expecting people to like her so 'appreciate' might not be the right word, but she definitely loves having more friends around than she has been used to. "It’s an unusual experience for her to feel so needed by her family. But yes, it’s always good to feel of value. "It’s in times of crisis where you discover the ‘inner’ of a person and Mary is currently coming up trumps (most of the time)." Will she decide to stick around now she has friends in the village or leave for good if Rhona rejects her? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.