The triple lock mechanism of the state pension was suspended this year due to warped earnings data, and pensioners were left with a state pension increase of 3.1 percent this year. As inflation sits at nine percent, many pensioners on low incomes may be struggling to keep up with rising bills and may have to consider working past state pension age to make some extra cash. Do you think state pension age will still exist when you retire? Vote in our poll. Currently, inflation in the UK stands at nine percent and households across the nation are experiencing an energy bill rise of £693 annually. Inflation erodes the value of a person’s money over time, which can create problems later on in one’s life. This is because any cash saved for retire to devalue over time, potentially impacting specific goals they someone may have had in mind. While investments are typically intended to grow money over time, pensions are not immune from the impacts of inflation. READ MORE: Dragons' Den reject pitch labelled 'flawed' - business now worth £5million According to their calculations, if someone was looking to get a comfortable post-tax income of £26,000 a year and wanted to get a guaranteed income paid to them via a joint-life annuity, they’d need a pot of £265,420. This factors in receiving annual state pension of around £16,000 as a couple, so people would need to generate annuity income of around £10,000 per year. To get the same amount from income drawdown, which sees someone keeping their money invested in their pension and withdrawing a regular income, they would need £154,700. This assumes that one’s savings grow by three precent annually. Producing post-tax annual income of £41,000, including the state pension, would mean an initial pot of around £757,000 to buy a joint-life annuity or £442,020 invested in income drawdown. Do you think you could afford to retire by state pension age? Have your stay in our poll. Currently, Britons have to wait until they reach 66-years-old to draw their state pension. For people born after April 5 1960, there will be a phased increase to 67, and eventually it will increase to 68-years-old. The state pension age is going to be kept under review, which means that it will change again in the future. The Centre for Social Justice (CSJ) is suggesting changing the state pension age to 70 by 2028 and to 75 by 2035 as people are living longer. Many people look forward to claiming their state pension so they can retire or reduce their working hours. However campaigners claim increasing the state pension age may leave some people struggling financially. What do you think about state pension age rising further? Do you think state pension age should rise beyond 66? Have your say by voting in our poll and leaving a comment below. The full new State Pension is currently £185.15 per week, however the exact amount people receive depends on someone’s National Insurance record. Britons normally need to have 35 years’ worth of qualifying National Insurance contributions to get the full new state pension. However people can buy extra National Insurance years to boost their state pension. Most people build up National Insurance credits during their working years, but if they had to take time out from their job, they may have holes in their record. These can include people choosing to become stay-at-home parents or full-time carers for loved ones. At the moment, people can buy years for any gaps in their record back to 2006. But the rules are changing from April 5, 2023. After this date, people will only be able back to go buy back six years’ worth of NI contributions. What benefits do state pensioners receive?