Sanctions enacted by other countries following Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine is making it impossible for the Kremlin to pay off part of its debt. Sanctions have restricted the country’s access to international banking networks, with the money now reportedly stuck in a holding account via financial company Euroclear. Euroclear is meant to distribute the payment to investors, but it has not yet been received. Jay Auslander, a US lawyer who has worked on many government debt cases, said: "They have not got it. If this money has not arrived within 30 days of the due date, that is, Sunday evening, that will widely be considered a default.” Russia paid the money to Euroclear on May 27, but because it has not been distributed to the owed parties, it will count as a default if the money is not received by the end of Sunday. The payment was made by Russia two days after the US Treasury decided not to renew the special exemption in sanctions rules allowing investors to receive interest payments from Russia. Euroclear has said it is adhering to international sanctions but did not say if the payment had been blocked. Russia has said it now wants to pay debts in Roubles direct from Russian banks, but this would be in direct contravention of many financial contracts. READ MORE: G7 leaders brutally mock ‘bare-chested’ horse riding Putin Before Russia launched its invasion, in 2021 Russia’s national debt stood at 17.02 percent of GDP according to Statista from June 1, 2022. Russia’s debt has actually shrunk this year, with Statista placing the current debt at 16.77 percent of GDP - lower than 2021. National debt for Russia is expected to rise after 2022 for a number of years, when the war in Ukraine will hopefully be over. Statista has projected the national debt to rise to 18.9 percent of GDP in 2023, growing further in 2024 to 20.04 percent. In 2025, it’s expected the debt will rise again at a smaller increment to 21.43 percent, and again in 2026 to 21.43 percent. Statista predicts 2027 will be the next year in which the debt is reduced, dropping slightly to 21.16 percent of GDP. UK general government gross debt was £2,382.8 billion at the end of 2021, equivalent to 102.8 percent of GDP; this was 34.5 percentage points lower than the average debt of the G7 member states. DON'T MISSMacron facing hell as energy companies issue a dire warning [REPORT]Putin calls up obese Russian general, 67, as he 'scrapes the barrel' [INSIGHT]'Russia has already lost' Blinken slaps as Ukraine will outlast Putin [REPORT] Defaulting on debt is a big blow to a country's international reputation, which seems to hardly matter to Vladimir Putin currently. The development is largely symbolic given that Russia is already an economic, financial and political outcast to plenty of countries around the world. Takahide Kiuchi, an economist at Nomura Research Institute in Tokyo, said: “A declaration of default is a symbolic event. “The Russian government has already lost the opportunity to issue dollar-denominated debt. Already as of now, Russia can’t borrow from most foreign countries.” Russia has the resources to pay off its debts, but could struggle to acquire loans in the future if it has a default registered. Finance Minister Anton Siluanov has called the situation a “farce”, and insisted that because Russia has paid the money to Euroclear it does not count as a default. He said on Thursday: “There is every ground to suggest that in artificially barring the Russian Federation from servicing its foreign sovereign debt, the goal is to apply the label of ‘default’. “Anyone can declare whatever they like and can try to apply such a label. “But anyone who understands the situation knows that this is in no way a default.”