Chelsea could take advantage of Raheem Sterling’s situation at Manchester City as he prepares to make a decision on his immediate future after the international break. The 27-year-old will enter the last 12 months of his City deal this summer - and faces an uncertain future at the Etihad. Sterling, who has found regular game time hard to come by, did not start in the final two games of the season or in either leg of the Champions League semi-final defeat by Real Madrid. The 27-year-old wants to play regular football but may be forced to do so elsewhere, however, if he is to make an appearance at this year's Qatar World Cup with England. While Chelsea may be a destination for the winger, Spanish giants Real Madrid are understood to have ‘stepped up their interest’, according to The Times. Despite there not being any formal contact between the two parties, Sterling previously admitted he would “love to play abroad” to see “how I meet that challenge.” JUST IN: Steven Gerrard tells Liverpool what they must do in transfer market   But Chelsea have recently turned their attention to the former Liverpool player as they look to reinforce their attack this summer with Romelu Lukaku, Timo Werner, Christian Pulisic and Hakim Ziyech futures uncertain as they continue to be linked with moves away from Stamford Bridge. Chelsea’s summer spending is not clear yet however, after American billionaire Todd Boehly recently completed the £4.25billion club takeover recently. With a number of players coming to the end of their contracts including Antonio Rudiger, Andreas Christensen, Cesar Azpilicueta, Thiago Silva, the Chelsea boss is certain to reinforce his squad as they are set to compete in the Champions League for a fourth consecutive season next year. Even if the England international chooses to stay at the Etihad, he will face strong competition next summer to get into the team as a regular starter, which would only minimise his chances of making Gareth Southgate’s World Cup squad list this winter. Phil Foden, Jack Grealish and Riyad Mahrez have been ahead of the England international, filling the wide positions while promising academy graduate Cole Palmer is set to be given further first-team opportunities on the right wing. City’s chairmain Khaldoon al-Mubarak confirmed in a recent interview that the club intent to add two more players to the squad this summer, despite sealing the signing of playmaker Erling Haaland. City will also seek to replace Fernandinho in midfield and perhaps opt to bring in a full-back or even a replacement for Sterling, should he choose to end his seven-year connection with the club. "His evolution as a player, but more importantly as a person, I think has been exceptional," the al-Mubarak said of Sterling back in 2019. "He has become a leader, both on and off the pitch, he's become a leader in this squad at Manchester City, he's becoming a leader at England serving his country, and a leader in the community. "I'm so happy for him, I think he's a wonderful young man and... one thing I'm sure of, Raheem is only going to improve and only going to grow as both a player and a leader, so the future is very bright for Raheem and it's a pleasure to have him as part of the team." The Citizens slapped a £67million price tag on the winger last October following previous interest from Barcelona and Bayern Munich. But given Sterling’s current contract situation, Chelsea may be able to swoop the playmaker for a reasonable fee. Should the West London side get a deal over the line, it could be considered to be a major transfer in Tuchel’s reign, after the club record signing of Lukaku proved not to be successful, in the end.