Centenarians are a fascinating phenomenon. For decades, researchers have attempted to unlock the secrets of reaching the age of 100 and beyond. From lifestyle to genetics, there are many pieces to the puzzle. One of the more novel findings to come out of the literature is the impact that personality traits may have on longevity. In a study published in the journal AGE, researchers sought to explore whether personality "influences" longevity. To gather their findings, the researchers examined the personality characteristics of centenarians. The researchers developed a method that compares an actual personality test score for centenarians with a predicted test score for a 100-year-old, calculated from younger controls. The participants consisted of 70 cognitively intact Japanese centenarians aged 100–106 years and 1,812 elderly people aged 60–84 years, all residents of Tokyo. READ MORE: How to live longer: Your eye health may determine how long you live - here's how The NEO five factor inventory (NEO-FFI) was used to assess the “big five” personality traits: neuroticism, extraversion, openness, agreeableness, and conscientiousness. The results showed higher openness in both male and female centenarians, and higher conscientiousness and extraversion in female centenarians, as compared to controls. "These results suggest that high scores in the specific personality traits conscientiousness, extraversion, and openness, are associated with longevity," the researchers wrote. They concluded: "We speculate that these personality traits contribute to longevity through health-related behaviour, stress reduction, and adaptation to the challenging problems of the 'oldest old'." DON'T MISS'Many patients' develop statin side effects at a particular time [INSIGHT]Cancer: The  drink that may raise cancer risk by 70% [ADVICE]Liam Neeson health: Star's 'agonising' pain from caffeine [INSIGHT] Since this study was published, researchers have also identified the personality trait that's less associated with longevity. According to a study of longevity markers, published in the journal PLOS One, lower levels of neuroticism is more conducive to longevity. The study explored the prediction of longevity from both individual perspective and family perspective based on demographic and psychosocial factors. A total of 186 "longevous" family members and 237 ordinary elderly family members participated in a cross-sectional study, and a sample of 62 longevous elderly and 57 ordinary elderly were selected for comparative research. In terms of psychosocial factors, longevous elderly showed lower neuroticism and social support, while higher extraversion, compared with the ordinary elderly. Neuroticism is the trait disposition to experience negative effects, including anger, anxiety, self‐consciousness and irritability. Although the researchers in the study did not probe this association further, neuroticism is associated with a wide array of physical conditions, such as cardiac problems. The role personality type plays in influencing longevity should therefore not be discounted. However, it's vital to not neglect the basic tenets of longevity: eating well and exercise. These two lifestyle pillars provide a buffer against a host of chronic diseases. Whatever your age, there's strong scientific evidence that being physically active can help you lead a healthier and happier life. It's essential if you want to live a healthy and fulfilling life into old age. To stay healthy, the UK Chief Medical Officers' Physical Activity Guidelines state that adults should try to be active every day and aim to do at least 150 minutes of physical activity over a week, through a variety of activities.