The Duchess of Sussex always looks undoubtedly chic but has caused quite a stir over the years with her fashion choices. One such time was at the British Fashion Awards, where the royal made a surprise appearance in a black gown and matching nail polish. Meghan Markle presented the British Womenswear Designer of the Year award to Givenchy's artistic director, Clare Waight Keller. This seemed only right, as the talented designer worked closely with Meghan to design her fabulous wedding dress. But despite Clare winning the prestigious award, all eyes were on the Duchess. Fittingly, Meghan took to the stage in a bespoke Givenchy dress. She paired these with exquisite strappy gold heels by British designer Tamara Mellon, with a recommended retail price of around £440. To match, she wore a cluster of gold bangles on one wrist from Pippa Small. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice is fabulous in huge headband at Trooping the Colour The Duchess wore her hair in a slicked back bun. But it was her nails that royal fans could not keep their eyes off of. The royal opted for a bold one-shoulder number. To top this off she also chose a dark nail polish. Royal fans took to Instagram to discuss the daring fashion move. @pissedpeggy stated: "Glad about the nails...Forget about the Royal baby breath colours!" Royal women have access to a global wardrobe but are subject to more style rules and regulations than the rest of us. Daena Borrowman from jewellerybox told Express.co.uk some of these royal protocols. “There are dozens of protocols in place that stylists and dressers of the royals have to familiarise themselves with to prevent working royals from landing into embarrassing fashion faux pas." These include wearing tights, covering cleavage, dressing modestly and keeping their coats on so as not to disrobe in pubic." And while it is not forbidden, it is rumoured that the Queen is not a fan of dark nail polish. The monarch herself has reportedly not changed her manicure routine in several decades, and is loyal to the pale pink Essie's Ballet Slippers. @jennyjumpmt mused: "I didn't think they couldn't wear coloured nail polish." @tatismoreira added: "I think she's saying goodbye to [six] royal rules and she looks fab." @martavelac said: "Protocol police about to pass out." @jodiheartz commented: "So sleek, so sophisticated, I love [sic]." @margotfashionfiles said: "I don't know when people are going to get it into their head's that Meghan will never be Queen, nor Harry King. "They don't have to be held to the same standards as Will, Kate and in years to come, George." But interestingly, while Kate does tend to go for a paler shade of nail polish, she has in the past experimented with darker colours - on her toes. In May 2012, Kate added a pop of colour with red nail polish on her toes to complement her cream dress at a dinner hosted by The Thirty Club. In the same year the Duchess attended the Royal Albert Hall in a turquoise gown and dark toenails to celebrate the 2012 Summer Olympics. In 2017, she attended the re-opening of Hintze Hall at the National History Museum in a pale blue dress and striking red toenails. As for the dress style, Kate is also a fan of one-shoulder pieces and has occasionally been spotted in one herself. Most notably, the Duchess of Cambridge was radiant in a red one-shoulder dress for a portrait celebrating her 40th birthday.