Whether it’s to take your dog for a walk or brave a dip in the water, a visit to the beach is always a treat. Although the weather is unpredictable, especially near the sea, the UK’s beaches are marvellous sights to behold. From white sands to pebble shores, each one is different, and those living outside of Britain seem to think so too. Travel and Leisure has listed the 18 best beaches in the UK, from the sandy headlands of the Gower Peninsula in South Wales to the singing sands of Antrim in Northern Ireland, there is something for everyone. Interestingly, Holkham Beach in Norfolk tops the publication’s list. Known for making an appearance in Shakespeare in Love, featuring Gwyneth Paltrow, the beach is enormous and windswept, backed by a grassy nature reserve filled with wondrous walking trails. Northumberland’s best beach is next on the list, which, according to Travel and Leisure, is Bamburgh Beach. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares how to get free upgrade to First Class Overlooked by a magnificent castle, the beach is popular with families, dog walkers, and horse riders – there is space for all on its broad sands and dunes. Much more suited to walking than sunbathing, Northumberland’s windy coastline stretches from Berwick in the north to Amble in the south. Another of the region’s beaches is also listed by Travel and Leisure: Druridge Bay. Splattered with rocky dunes, this wild beach is perfect for hikers and bird watchers with a desire to gulp in the unspoiled, fresh North Sea air.  Third on the list is Whitepark Bay in Antrim, Northern Ireland. Famous for its singing sand, which makes whistling sounds as you walk along the shore, this beach sits on the same coastline as the infamous Giant’s Causeway, Ireland’s first World Heritage site. Next, Travel and Leisure takes the reader to Kynance Cove in Cornwall, home to white sands, hidden coves, and clear turquoise waters. Only an hour’s drive away from Penzance, Kynance Cove is a popular summer destination, but it’s just as beautiful in winter. Number five on the list is an incredibly remote, isolated beach on the Lewis and Harris island in the Scottish Hebrides. Named Scarista Beach, there isn’t even a sign to inform tourists where it is, according to Travel and Leisure. This ensures the beach is untouched and adds to its magic. Wales’ beaches feature heavily on the list, and in eighth place is the Gower Peninsula’s Oxwich Bay Beach. Travel and Leisure described this wild, windswept beach as “one of the most jaw-dropping spots” in the country. The 18 best beaches in the UK Holkham Beach, Norfolk, England Bamburgh Beach, Northumberland Whitepark Bay, Antrim, Northern Ireland Kynance Cove, Cornwall, England Scarista Beach, Lewis and Harris, Scotland Compton Bay, Isle of Wight, England Whitby Sands, North Yorkshire, England Oxwich Bay Beach, Wales Pentle Bay, Tresco, Isles of Scilly Llanddwyn, Anglesey, Wales Porthcurno Beach, Cornwall, England Durdle Door, Jurassic Coast, Dorset, England Three Cliffs Bay, Wales Whitstable Beach, Kent, England West Dunes, Camber Sands, England Hunstanton Beach, Norfolk, England Cuckmere Haven, Seaford, East Sussex, England Druridge Bay, Northumberland, England