Prince Louis, four, is in for a whole slew of title changes as he grows up, but uncommonly for a man, his last name is also due to change sometime in the future. The cheeky young prince, who thoroughly entertained the public with his rare outings over the Jubilee weekend, will follow in the footsteps of his father with an unusual name change later in life. His current and official title is His Royal Highness Prince Louis Arthur Charles of Cambridge, and he sits fifth-in-line to the throne But when Prince William’s official title changes to the Prince of Wales when Prince Charles becomes King, Prince Louis will immediately become Louis Wales, while also maintaining his full title. This will be following in the footsteps of his father, who used Wales as his last name at school and while working in the Royal Navy. The same will happen to Prince Louis’s elder siblings, George and Charlotte. READ MORE: Princess Charlotte to nab a historic title from Princess Anne Prince George is in line to become the Prince of Wales and would be the 28th incumbent following in the footsteps of his grandfather Prince Charles and father Prince William. Like Prince Harry, Prince Louis and Princess Charlotte will likely revert back to using the Mountbatten-Windsor family name when their brother becomes the Prince of Wales. Prince Harry uses the Mountbatten-Windsor surname and has passed it down to his two children, Archie and Lilibet. The children of dukes usually use the dukedom as their last name, for example Cambridge or Sussex. But the children of first in line to the throne can use the Wales appendage if they choose. Prince Louis will also likely take a dukedom from one of his family members when he eventually marries. The young royal has been tipped to take the Duke of York title from Prince Andrew if he is no longer alive on the day Prince Louis weds. Traditionally the Duke of York title has been given to the monarch’s second-oldest son. DON'T MISSKate might soon be heading to Australia for royal tour [INSIGHT]Kate portrait blasted by art critic [REPORT]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan revelations could tear apart Monarchy [INSIGHT] The Duke of York title has a sentimental connection to the Queen, given that she was known as Princess Elizabeth of York when her father was second in line to the throne as the Duke of York. The Queen also opted to give the title to Prince Andrew when he married in 1986 and is often cited as being the monarch’s favourite child. Even with the recent scandal surrounding the Duke of York, the Queen has not made the rare decision to enact the procedures to strip her son of his address. Any attempt to remove the Duke of York title would have to be voted on in Parliament, with a statute passed by both the House of Commons and the Lords. Prince Louis nearly didn’t get a royal title if his great-grandmother the Queen hadn’t intervened in centuries-old law. An old law was in place which meant that only Prince Charles’ first grandson would be given an official title in the years before Prince Louis was born. If this law had not been changed, the youngest Cambridge child would have been known as a Lord instead.