UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss will put legislation before the House of Commons next month which would see Britain rip up and override large parts of the hated Northern Ireland Protocol. But the EU has warned the UK will face fierce retaliation if it follows through with the plans - sparking fears of a potentially damaging post-Brexit trade war. Earlier this month, Joe Biden's spokesman issued a slap down to Boris Johnson over any move to amend the protocol, insisting he should instead show "leadership" and keep talking to EU envoys about the argument. Nancy Pelosi, speaker of the House of Representatives, has insisted the protocol is needed to maintain the peace agreement in Northern Ireland and warned any move from the UK to change it could endanger a trade deal with the US. The intervention from Pelosi was followed by a warning from Derek Chollet, a senior adviser to the US secretary of state, Antony Blinken, who urged Britain to avoid a “big fight” with the EU. But Nile Gardiner, a Washington-based foreign policy expert and former aide to Margaret Thatcher, wants Mr Johnson to warn Mr Biden to stay firmly out of the row with the EU. He told Express.co.uk: "Joe Biden and Nancy Pelosi need to mind their own business as they are interfering in British internal matters. "It is not the role of the US House or Speaker of the House of Representatives to lecture the British people on their own laws and policies. "This is exactly what Biden and Pelosi are doing. "It is a demonstration of a complete lack of respect for the UK and British people." He added: "The Biden administration and Democrats in Congress are stirring the pot and creating a far more volatile situation. READ MORE: Jubilee fury explodes as ex-Labour MP fumes at 'gross' celebrations "They are encouraging divisions and slapping Britain in the face - it's actually highly insulting. "It's time for Boris Johnson to tell Biden to back off as you can't have the US President telling Britain what to do. "The UK Government has to stand up to the Biden administration." The latest warning for Mr Biden echoes comments made by former Brexit minister and lead negotiator Lord Frost earlier this month. DON'T MISSUK to invest £25bn in own 'world-class research' after being banned EU [REPORT]'That will be the trigger' Boris's judgement day pinpointed [COMMENTS]David Davis forecasts Boris Johnson out by autumn amid growing fury [LATEST] He used an appearance at a conservative think tank in Washington to attack the US President and warn the UK doesn't need "lectures" from outsiders. Asked about the interventions from the Biden administration on the issue, Lord Frost said in a speech to the Heritage Foundation: "I know the administration is looking at this very closely. I'm not convinced the niceties are well understood. "I get slightly frustrated when we are told by a third party, albeit a very important one in this context, how to manage these issues. "It is our country that faced terrorism, faced the Troubles. "I am old enough to remember having to check under my car every morning, as a diplomat, before I went to work. Most people were very affected in one way or another by this. "So we don't need lectures from others about the peace process and the Good Friday Agreement. We are well aware of this and nobody wants to go back to it. "In the end it has got to be our judgement about what is needed to preserve that agreement and preserve the unity of the country and the consent of everybody in Northern Ireland for these arrangements."