Angela Rayner defended her stance on why Prime Minister Boris Johnson should resign as leader of the country when asked by BBC host Nick Robinson. Boris Johnson has been facing the fallout of the Sue Gray investigation into lockdown rule breaking and wild parties which took place in Downing Street. Ms Rayner discussed the investigation into Partygate and the mess made by Tory MPs that cleaners had to clean up.   The Deputy Leader of the Labour party confirmed once again that if she and Sir Keir Starmer, the Leader of the Labour party were found guilty of breaking the rules during the lockdown, they would both resign as they insist Boris should. Mr Robinson said: “One reason they say that is you used to say, look if Boris Johnsons investigated by the police he should resign, he didn't. "You’re now being investigated by the police along with Keir Starmer and they say well why don't you resing then.” Ms Rayner told Radio 4's Today programme: “Sure and the difference is there were like multiple parties, like literally, over 150 fixed penalty notices, numerous occasions they were partying. JUST IN: Can Labour call a vote of no confidence? Keir rages as Boris wins vote 'Unfit for office!'  The Deputy Leader of the Labour party confirmed once again that if she and Sir Keir Starmer, the Leader of the Labour party were found guilty of alleged rule breaking during the lockdown, they would both resign as they claim Boris should. “I mean the cleaning staff had to clean up vomit, get rid of wine stains that were all up the walls, that was serial partying. Ms Rayner said: “Myself and Keir have been clear right from the start that we were working at the time, we were following the rules, we were so stringent in following those rules. "That we said if we were found to of broke those rules then we would resign both me and Keir have said that. “And I think that's the right thing to do, the Prime Minister, however, has broken the law and will not resign!” Parliament held a vote for Boris Johnson after countless letters of no confidence were handed in by Tory MPs to the 1922 Committee. READ MORE:'Put it behind us!' Boris vows to 'unite' Tory Party after narrowly seeing off rebels     Ms Rayner and Sir Keir Starmer have not been the only MPs calling for Boris Johnson's resignation. Some of his Tory MPs have continued to do the same, despite Mr Johnson winning the vote of no confidence by 59 percent. Tory MP Dehenna Davison claimed to have been one MP in the 41 percent to vote for Mr Johnson to leave. In a statement, she explained that she didn't make the decision lightly and it felt right to share her vote. DON'T MISS:Unable to unseat Boris, unsure of what to do next Tories in a mess [COMMENT]Boris vows to 'unite' Tory Party after narrowly seeing off rebels [REACTION]Ex-Tory leader calls on Boris to quit following confidence vote [UPDATE] 