Princess Ingrid Alexandra's 18th birthday is being marked, after a six-month delay, with two days of celebrations. The teenage princess is the elder child of Crown Prince Haakon and Crown Princess Mette-Marit and the granddaughter of Norway's current King, Harald V. Among the initiatives and events taking place, the Norwegian Royal Court also released three new official portraits of the heir to the throne. Taken by photographer Ida Bjørvik, the pictures show the princess in a blue gown adorned with all the honours and medals she has already earned. Ingrid Alexandra is donning miniatures of the Order of St Olav, the Royal House of Norway Centenary Medal and His Majesty King Harald V’s Jubilee Medal 1991 – 2016. Moreover, she can be seen wearing for the first time the Grand Cross of the Order of St Olav. On her chest, Princess Ingrid Alexandra also has appointed the medal of His Majesty King Harald V’s House Order. Both these honours were granted to the teenager on her 18th birthday. While the princess' birthday fell on January 21, celebrations were postponed to June 16 and 17 due to the coronavirus pandemic. In the portraits, Ingrid Alexandra can also be seen wearing a splendid diamond and pearl tiara. READ MORE: Eugenie and Beatrice 'stuck to their seats' to prevent Harry photo-op The extraordinary piece of jewellery was passed on to the princess from Princess Ingeborg of Sweden, the grandmother of King Harald V. The royal will wear the tiara tonight, at the gala dinner being held at the Royal Palace. Hosted by King Harald and Queen Sonja, the gala is expected to be attended by royals coming from across Europe. Among them, will be King Felipe of Spain - who is also one of her godparents. Crown Prince Fredrik of Denmark, his wife Crown Princess as well as Princess Martha Louise of Norway and her fiancé Durek Verrett are also included in the guest list. Similarly, the future Queen of Sweden Crown Princess Victoria, her husband Crown Prince Daniel and their children are expected to be in attendance. Among the younger future heads of state to travel to the Royal Palace of Norway tonight, there are future Dutch Queen Princess Catharina-Amalia, who turned 18 last year, 20-year-old Princess Elisabeth of Belgium and 10-year-old Princess Estelle of Sweden. Celebrations for Ingrid Alexandra took place also on Thursday evening, when 200 people were invited to Deichman Bjørvika in Oslo for a black-tie dinner hosted by the Norwegian Government. Prime Minister Jonas Gahr Støre was joined by Minister of State Trygve Slagsvold Vedum and Oslo Mayor Marianne Borgen in greeting the royals at the event before walking down the red carpet together. During the dinner, Mr Støre congratulated Ingrid Alexandra on her place in history, saying: "You were born as the first female heir to the throne in the history of the kingdom. "You have now passed 18 years of age and are of legal age. It is historic." Sharing a piece of advice, he added: "Be who you are. Know your country. The people who live here. The lives we live. The dreams we have. "The fear we can feel. This is how you create the bonds that bind royal houses and the people together – in new generations." Ingrid Alexandra will be able to become the first Norwegian female head of state thanks to her father Prince Haakon, who requested the implementation of absolute primogeniture as a succession law in 1990 to allow his firstborn to succeed him on the throne no matter their gender. The last female sovereign to rule over the country was Queen Margaret, who in the 15th century was the ruler of Denmark, Norway and Sweden.