Paris Saint-Germain have emerged as a possible rival to Manchester City in the race to sign Leeds United star Kalvin Phillips this summer, according to reports in France. Phillips is one of Man City’s priority targets this summer, but Pep Guardiola’s side could now find themselves in a fierce competition with PSG for his signature.    Leeds have been busy bolstering their options in central midfield in the early stages of the summer transfer window. Red Bull Salzburg’s Brenden Aaronson arrived for £24.7million (€29m) in May and has now been joined by Bayern Munich’s Marc Roca for an initial £10m on Friday. That significant outlay in central midfield has added fuel to speculation that Leeds are ready to let Phillips leave this summer. The 26-year-old England international is a Leeds fan and has spent his entire career at the club, but appears set to leave before the 2022/23 season. City have been known admirers of Phillips for some time, but PSG are a new name in the frame. According to RMC Sport, the French giants have made enquiries about his availability recently, with new sporting director Luis Campos exploring his options. JUST IN: Arsenal star Hector Bellerin 'ready to give up £5.7m' to quit club  Le10 Sport reports that Lille’s Renato Sanches and Porto’s Vitinha are the top targets for PSG in central midfield. Sanches is believed to be available for around £25m (€30m), while Porto are seeking closer to £34m (€40m) for former Wolves loanee Vitinha. Christophe Galtier is expected to replace Mauricio Pochettino as PSG’s new manager and he knows Sanches well from his time at Lille. Nevertheless, it seems that Phillips is being considered as another option, with Gini Wijnaldum yet to pull up any trees in Paris since his free transfer from Liverpool last summer and Leandro Paredes, Idrissa Gueye and Ander Herrera deemed expendable. DON'T MISS Arsenal chief Edu takes subtle dig at Chelsea after Nketiah signs deal Joel Glazer’s current actions as Man Utd push for De Jong transfer Bremer makes decision clear after Chelsea 'offer' for Tottenham target  Man City are still strong favourites to land Phillips however. The Athletic says Leeds are braced for an official offer for the midfielder. City reportedly believe a bid of around £45m and £50m will do the trick – and that Phillips is keen on the move. Fernandinho, 37, is leaving City at the end of the month and Guardiola needs a long-term successor at the base of his midfield. City have been tracking Phillips for some time and stepped up their focus once Fernandinho announced his departure in April. Should he join the club, he would provide competition for Rodri. City have already secured the signings of Erling Haaland from Borussia Dortmund and Julian Alvarez from River Plate and are now targeting Phillips and Brighton left-back Marc Cucurella. Having received £50m for Ben White from Arsenal last summer, Brighton are ready to play hard ball over a fee for Cucurella, but should he arrive then Oleksandr Zinchenko is expected to leave, with Arsenal among the suitors for the Ukraine international. 