Richard Madeley and Judy Finnigan presented This Morning together from 1988 until 2001 before they went on to host their very own chat show, Richard and Judy, until 2009. While Richard has continued with his television career since their show ended, Judy has opted for a life out of the spotlight. When he was invited onto Friday's instalment of Loose Women, the journalist explained his wife does not miss being on television "at all". The 66-year-old Good Morning Britain presenter was questioned about his career, marriage and family on the ITV chat show. While being interviewed by the panel, Stacey Solomon asked Richard: "So Judy never wants to come back to telly?" Richard frankly replied: "No, not really. She tried this show for a while, didn't she? "She had a great time on Loose Women." Judy, now 74, became a regular host on Loose Women in 2014 and her final appearance on the programme came just a year later. READ MORE: GMB viewers demand Richard Madeley be removed over Rwanda question Richard continued: "I always say this about Judy, considering in my eyes she was probably the best female TV presenter of her generation, she was amazing, but she never really enjoyed it that much. "She enjoyed the job and the process but all the rubbish which comes along with it, you know like being in the papers and all of that, and these days, of course, social media which has transformed it. "She never enjoyed that, and she was in telly for more than 30 years, but she loves not being on telly anymore." "She doesn't miss it at all, not at all," he insisted to the Loose Women panel.  Host Kaye Adams told Richard it "takes such strength of character" to say that as it "is the life everyone tells you that you should want". Richard nodded while he started drinking his mug of coffee before Kaye added: "Well, actually, she's seen it, she's looked at it and she has done it and thought, 'That's not actually the life I want thank you very much.'" Richard agreed with the panellist and said she was "exactly" right about his wife. Richard met Judy in 1982 when they worked on separate programmes for Granada TV and they later tied the knot in 1986. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley recalls on-air altercation with Shakin' Stevens  [MUST SEE]GMB viewers demand Richard Madeley be removed over Rwanda question [LATEST]Richard Madeley and wife Judy in rare joint appearance at Ascot [PICTURES] The couple went on to have two children together, Jack and Chloe, and Judy has twin sons, Dan and Tom, from her first marriage with journalist David Henshaw. The pair, who launched This Morning which is now hosted by Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield among other presenters, recorded the first episode in October 1988, live from Liverpool’s Albert Dock. They moved to Channel 4 for their show Richard and Judy in 2001. The show ran until 2009, with the couple claiming in a statement that "viewers simply couldn't find us" as figures were dropping.  During his Loose Women appearance, Richard also opened up about his daughter Chloe who is due to give birth at the start of August with her former rugby player husband James Haskell. "She was due on August 5 but they have moved it to August 7 now," he explained. "She's in France at the moment and she is coming up to 34 weeks so she is flying back in three or four days." Loose Women airs on weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV. 