Both Russia and Ukraine have suffered “massive losses” in the ongoing battle since the beginning of the invasion in February. The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (UNHCHR) has confirmed that civilian casualties in Russia’s war on Ukraine have exceeded the 10,000 mark.  In a scathing op-ed for The Spiked, Mr Furedi stated: “This is a war like no other. “There has not even been an official declaration of war yet – the Kremlin still euphemistically refers to the invasion as a ‘special military operation’, whose ‘sole purpose is [Ukraine’s] demilitarisation and denazification’.” Linking the concept of “special military operation” with China, he said: “This ‘non-war’ category of ‘special military operation’ has also been adopted by the Chinese government. “President Xi Jinping signed an order this month allowing China’s military to undertake ‘non-war’ ‘special military operations’ abroad.   “Observers fear that this is an indication that China is preparing to do to Taiwan what Russia has done to Ukraine.” Officials said they have recorded 10,046 civilian casualties in the country, including 4,481 who were killed and 5,565 injured. Ukraine has seen the most casualties in the eastern Donbas region, where 2,611 civilians have been killed and 3,103 have been injured, the UN office said. Donbas is the site of the heaviest fighting in the besieged country at present. READ MORE: Putin's troops sustain such serious losses they can't attack  Officials have said that the actual numbers are likely higher. Mr Furedi continued: “The war in Ukraine is one that neither side can win nor dare lose. The issues at stake are existential: Ukraine’s status as a sovereign nation and the integrity and survival of the Russian Federation. “It currently looks as if neither side is capable of inflicting a decisive victory over the other. “Russia may consolidate its pre-war position in eastern Ukraine, and Ukraine can thwart Putin’s ambition and survive as an independent nation. DON'T MISS:Leaver says UK won't 'take back control' Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry leave William's plans in tattersBoris Johnson ‘snubs’ Red Wall event for surprise Kyiv visit