As the eldest son of the heir to the throne, Prince William had his future path laid out in front of him from birth. Speaking to Lorraine, royal expert Jennie Bond, who worked as BBC's royal correspondent for 14 years, discussed how Princess Diana  used to speak about her sons and a sweet nod of approval that she gave towards William and his future as king. Speaking to Lorraine Kelly, Ms Bond said: "I watched him [William] through those difficult troubled adolescence years. "He was a troubled young man, of course, with his parents' marriage breaking up before his eyes". The royal expert claimed that she used to speak to the late Princess sometimes "about the boys and bringing them up". She said: "I remember one thing she said about William. READ MORE: 'Never had anything to sell!' Meghan and Harry's Netflix bosses slammed after booing "She said that the burden of kingship weighed heavily on his shoulders but she thought he was going to be alright. "Those were her words, William's alright and the country is very lucky to have William". She continued: "It was a simple sentence but you know, I think it's true. "We are lucky to have him". READ MORE: Eugenie and Beatrice's working royal future dashed as William 'on same page as Charles' Prince William, who turns 40 on Tuesday, is currently second in line to the throne. William was 15 when his mother tragically died in a car crash in Paris in August 1997. His younger brother was just 12. Growing up, Prince William, though young, was his mother Princess Diana’s "most trusted confidante", claimed Piers Morgan in an upcoming book by royal author Tina Brown. According to Tina Brown, author of The Palace Papers, Harry "idolised Diana" but, being slightly older, William "understood" their mother more. As a teenager, William was aware of Diana’s press strategy, but struggled with the publicity of his mother’s private life. DON'T MISS Following the separation from Charles, Diana began a romantic relationship with the famous England rugby player, Will Carling in 1995. In 1996, William sat in on Piers Morgan's interview with Diana. Ms Brown, retelling an anecdote from Mr Morgan’s own book, describes how William had a picture of Carling's wife, Julia, on his dartboard at Eton.