The latest chapter in the epic Star Wars saga continued this week, as former Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi (played by Ewan McGregor) infiltrated an Imperial Base to rescue the young Princess Leia (Vivien Lyra Blair). The Disney+ miniseries has featured plenty of references to the extended canon so far, but fans weren’t expecting one of their favourite characters to be revealed to have been unceremoniously killed off-screen. Star Wars enthusiasts have been mourning the loss of Jedi Master Tera Sinube, who was confirmed to have been killed by Order 66 in Obi-Wan Kenobi, Part IV. Some fans may have mistaken Tera’s preserved corpse for the lifeless body of the much-maligned prequel character, Jar Jar Binks (Ahmed Best). However, upon closer inspection, eagle-eyed viewers have determined the body is a Cosian male Jedi who made his first appearances in the animated series The Clone Wars, voiced by Greg Baldwin. Viewers have expressed their disappointment with the shocking reveal, as this most likely means Tera won’t be featuring in the live-action Star Wars series any time soon. READ MORE: Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes' Robert Lee Cook tweeted: “My heart literally sank seeing Master Tera Sinube's corpse in that tank. “The same seeing Master Coleman Kcaj's in another,” he added, referencing another Clone Wars character who briefly appeared in Revenge of the Sith. Obi-Wan fan @santa_td fumed: “Why they gotta do my boy Tera Sinube like that!!!” “The Jedi tomb in Fortress Inquisitorius is straight up nightmare fuel,” @ParagonaM added. Star Wars devotee @D_mvrt added: “Well. We asked for a Clone Wars reference to get in #KENOBI . . . Pour one out for Tera Sinube.” “There goes my theory of Tera Sinube saving Grogu,” joked Twitter user @TFrazier1990. And @its_lewis_b wrote: “I can’t believe they did my boy Master Tera Sinube like that.” The discovery of the Jedi tomb was a horrific experience for Obi-Wan, who would have fought alongside many of the fallen masters during the Clone Wars. DON'T MISS:Ms Marvel’s Kamran star pays tribute to Iman Vellani [TRIBUTE]Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly pays tribute to Kevin Costner [INTERVIEW]Stranger Things’ Vecna star ‘full of hatred and fury’ on set [INSIGHT] Fans have been thrilled to see elements from the animated Star Wars spin-offs acknowledged in the new series. Some of the most prominent inclusions include gunslinger Cad Bane (Corey Burton) and Jedi Ahsoka Tano (Rosario Dawson), who will be returning to head her own series. However, this certainly wasn’t the live-action debut Star Wars fans were hoping to see for some of the more obscure players from The Clone Wars. Tera’s tragically brief appearance in Obi-Wan Kenobi may be extra disappointing to some fans considering his intriguing storylines from the extended canon. Previously serving on the Jedi High Council before the Invasion of Naboo, Tera later immersed himself in the criminal world of the city-planet Coruscant to become a private detective. He later returned to his Jedi ways, however, to train Coruscant’s young Padawans in the ways of the Force, which was probably how he got snuffed out by the Empire. The Jedi master is closely tied to Ahsoka and other Clone Wars heroes, however, so there’s still a small chance he could show up before his death in future Star Wars projects. Obi-Wan Kenobi continues Wednesdays on Disney+.