Amad Diallo wants to leave Manchester United on loan again this season as he targets more regular playing time, according to reports. The young Ivorian prospect spent the second half of the campaign at Rangers as the Scottish Cup winners reached the Europa League final, where they were eventually beaten on penalties by Eintracht Frankfurt in Seville. Yet despite European heartbreak, Amad's loan north of the border was still deemed a relative success. He managed three goals in 10 Scottish Premiership outings and now he has the taste for senior minutes after a slow start to his Manchester United career. According to Norwegian journalist Fredrik Filtvedt, Amad is open to another loan after holding talks with Erik ten Hag. He said: "Amad Diallo naturally wants playing time and is open for another loan. "Has been in dialogue with Ten Hag, but nothing decided yet." READ MORE: What Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told Frenkie de Jong to spark dramatic transfer U-turn Amad arrived at Old Trafford on transfer deadline day in October 2020 for £37milllion, although he would not join his new team-mates until the following January. At Atalanta, he was widely regarded as one of the brightest young talents in Italian football, which is why United were willing to invest big money in the teenager. He went on to score against AC Milan in the Europa League before making three appearances in the Premier League. Yet competition is fierce at Old Trafford and with Ten Hag looking to shake up his attacking options, Amad is unlikely to receive assurances of game time. Instead, his best option could be to depart on loan before returning to United in better shape. READ MOREMan Utd 'make £40m transfer offer for Antony' with agreement anticipated 'very soon'Man Utd can pay £2m more for better signing if Ajax star Jurrien Timber snubs transferWhat Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told Frenkie de Jong to spark dramatic transfer U-turn The same applies to Facundo Pellistri, who has spent the past 18 months on loan in Spain with Alaves. United are expected to sign another striker to compete with Cristiano Ronaldo next season but there could also be new recruits in the wide areas. Mason Greenwood's future remains unclear as he is still suspended by Manchester United. Marcus Rashford, who was reportedly subject of enquiries from Tottenham, will need to improve his form if he is to nail down a place in Ten Hag's side. Jesse Lingard, Edinson Cavani and Juan Mata are all set to leave United at the end of the month, meaning United are light in attack. Ajax winger Antony is one player believed to be of interest to Ten Hag following the pair's previous success together in Holland. He wants to move to the Premier League and would therefore be open to an immediate reunion with the Dutchman. The arrival of other wingers is only likely to push Amad further down the pecking order but long-term, United still have big plans for the 19-year-old.