What a bejewelled Platinum Jubilee weekend HRH the Duchess of Cambridge had. Fans of the Duchess are still reeling from her appearances, festooned in dazzling gemstones with historic provenance. To start the four days of celebrations at the Trooping of the Colour with other members of the Royal Family, the Duchess wore a very poignant pair of earrings. At the annual event celebrating the Queen's official birthday, Her Royal Highness wore an ivory Alexander McQueen coat dress and a blue and ivory Philip Treacy hat. The look was coordinated with some truly special jewellery. Two large Burmese sapphires surrounded by eight diamonds hung elegantly from each ear as Cathrine led the carriage procession to the Trooping of the Colour. alongside her three children and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall. READ MORE: Kate Middleton in £75k of 'beautiful' and rarely-seen jewellery linked to Diana These earrings were none other than those given to the late Princess of Wales by the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia for her wedding. They form part of the Saudi Sapphire Suite and were made by Asprey. The pieces perfectly complemented her engagement ring, also once belonging to Princess Diana and made by Asprey. Renowned diamond expert, Lisa Levinson of the Natural Diamond Council, said: "The Duchess wears jewellery in a beautiful and intentional way. DON'T MISSKate Middleton's 300k ring vs Crown Princess Mary's vibrant ruby [COMPARED] Kate Middleton's sapphire earrings with link to Queen Mother [ANALYSIS] Kate Middleton earring's 'NOT likely to have belonged to Diana [SHOCK] "She often selects pieces that highlight the connection she has to both people and places, and Kate's choice of jewels during the Platinum Jubilee pays tribute to Princess Diana. "Diamonds have a rich history as family heirlooms with significant emotional value passed down from generation to generation. "We feel the presence of Princess Diana seeing her daughter-in-law wearing her diamonds. "It is a beauty for us all to witness her legacy being kept alive for future generations." The following day, Friday, Kate paid tribute to Her Majesty at the Thanksgiving Service at St Paul's with the Queen's pearl and diamond earrings, worn with a pastel yellow Emilia Wickstead coat dress. They were a wedding present to Her Majesty, from the Hakim of Bahrain in 1947. In a beautiful symmetry, future Queen Kate wore the pieces to bid farewell to Prince Philip at his funeral last year. These elegant earrings each have a large Bahrain pearl suspended below four smaller round cut diamonds set in a cluster. These hang below three baguette-cut diamonds, all attached to a large round cut diamond that sits in the ear. The Monarch wore the pair 70 years ago for her first-ever Royal Command portrait taken by Dorothy Wilding. Recently another expert analysed the "most important and sacred item of Royal Regalia" and why the Queen has only seen it five times in her life. Josie Goodbody, author and historian, discussed two of the most important pieces of jewellery belonging to the crown, the St Edward's Crown and the Imperial State Crown. The former of which has only been worn once in the past 70 years, and then only, for a minute when it was placed on the head of Her Majesty the Queen. 