Hustle star Adam Sandler, 55, has appeared on TV sporting an injury that those around him couldn't help but notice - the actor sported a black eye. The star confessed on Good Morning America that he'd been struck in the head by his own phone while he slept. He said that he'd kicked up his feet to unravel his bedsheets during the night so that he could reach for his phone. The device then flew upwards and hit him right in the eye. Shocked and amazed, GMA anchor George Stephanopoulos exclaimed: "That is the most elaborate black-eye story I’ve ever heard!" "I refused to acknowledge it," the TV star admitted to him. READ NOW: Deborah James answers critics after ‘uncalled for’ Meghan Markle jibe "I felt blood and said, ‘Ah, there’s something going on, but I gotta sleep.’" As his co-hosts laughed around him, he conceded: "There’s nothing cool about this thing." Adam added that he pictured people looking at him judgmentally while he was out and about, imagining that he'd been in a bloodthirsty fight. "When I’m on the streets of New York, like, I see people going, ‘Oh, OK. He likes to fight, that guy,'" he joked, after backtracking and insisted his injury looked "cool".  Drew, who has also appeared with him in the rom-com The Wedding Singer, replied: "That's sick!" The following year, history repeated itself and he found himself with a black eye on Jimmy Kimmel's NBA Finals Game Night show. He admitted that he was meant to have been getting a tire changed on his car when he secretly ventured into a pickup game of basketball instead - but the visible mark meant he couldn't be incognito. "Some guy didn’t call a pick and smashed my head, my head blows and then I couldn’t lie about it," he explained. "I came home with a black eye and had to tell the truth." He added: "Then [I] paid a guy to change the tire.” Meanwhile Adam's new movie, Hustle, available on Netflix, also has a basketball theme. He plays Stanley, a sporting talent scout who travels the world in search of the next big star.