Ants are social insects, and you may be surprised to know they’re related to bees and wasps. Ants live in nests which contain several hundred, sometimes thousands, of other ants. Most are wingless sterile females, known as workers, as well as fertile females, known as queen ants, and males. More than 30 species of ant thrive in the UK, with a few of these – including the familiar black garden ant – occurring in homes and gardens. When choosing control options, you can minimise harm to non-target animals by starting with non-pesticide methods of control. Jaylea, owner of Flourishing Plants explained that black pepper is a “very effective” repellent for ants to ensure plants remain healthy. He said: “Black pepper acts as a natural antibacterial agent for plants. “Biologically, it’s an essential spice and its secondary metabolites are used as insecticides and bacterial agents. “Black pepper water can be used as a spray to treat fungus infestations because of its intense aromatic properties. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to keep ants away from homes - ‘cheap’ trick “Mixed in garden soil, it will prevent insects, larvae, or ants. “There are many organic ways of growing healthy plants and black pepper has been shown to be very effective in doing so.” Insects, ants, bugs, and unwanted herbs all damage plants badly. For all these problems, black pepper provides a natural solution. It can do much more than just a food flavouring agent. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: I tested the ‘miracle cleaning paste’ to clean my burnt pan [INSIGHT]‘Great budget-friendly’ way ‘guaranteed' to improve your living room [EXPERT]Cleaning: How to remove limescale from taps using ‘easy’ 13p method [TIPS] The plant pro noted how gardeners can apply black pepper to their plants. Jaylea instructed: “Mix water and black pepper powder and spray it around your plants. “The spray will not harm the plant, only the pepper smell will continue to linger around it. “Water from the spray evaporates and the pepper stays on the leaves and gives its effect.” The smell of pepper irritates insects, so it helps to keep them away from plants. Even a “thin layer” of pepper is enough to deter ants. The expert continued: “Ants cause severe damage to plants, and black pepper proves fatal to them. “Add a thin layer of pepper around the plant or at the edges of a flower bed. “You will notice a reduction in ants in a few days.” What’s more, it is so much cheaper than chemical pesticides as ground black pepper can be picked up from Asda for as little as 70p. Black pepper can also be mixed with water to create a spray solution by adding half a teaspoon of black pepper to warm water. Spraying black pepper or its oil on plants helps prevent the spread of diseases. Black pepper contains piperine, an antibacterial chemical that prevents the growth of mould and bacteria in plants. It can kill mould without the use of chemicals or pesticides, preventing the spread of diseases and blemishes. Fungal and bacterial infestations are common in plants. When black pepper is mixed in the soil, it breaks down into different nutrients and has an antibacterial effect, which can protect plants and also boost their nutrition. However, unless it’s really a big problem, ants should be tolerated in gardens wherever possible.