The EU has announced fresh legal action against the UK as part of a series of measures in response to the Government's move to unilaterally scrap parts of the Northern Ireland Protocol. The European Commission is also resuming legal proceedings against the UK which were shelved last year to facilitate negotiations on post-Brexit trade. The EU has described the legal steps as a "proportionate" response to the Government's tabling of domestic legislation which would give ministers the power to axe large parts of the deal governing the movement of goods from Great Britain to Northern Ireland. Speaking to BBC's Good Morning Ulster, Lord Frost said: "The fact that the institutions aren't working is pretty concrete evidence that it's not working. "While the Good Friday Agreement doesn't mention trade as such, that argument works both ways. "I think trade is a pretty important part of interaction and wherever it's going is part of the problem. "The protocol's intention was to support the Good Friday Agreement, that's what we wrote it but it obviously isn't doing that. READ MORE: 'We have a £30m shortfall' Jeremy Vine caller minutely tears Sturgeon "I think the best thing the EU can do is look at the real world try and adjust the situation." Host Mr Buckler hit back: "This idea that the institutions aren't working as a result of the protocol. "That's not true, is it? We had the protocol, it's been in existence and nothing has changed in terms of the implementation. "I know it's not fully implemented at this stage but nothing has changed from the moment Stormont was working to the moment it was not working. "Except for the moment the DUP decided to go back into Stormont that it's not going to be part of the executive and it's not going to allow the Assmebly to meet and function as normal. "That is a political decision. It has nothing to do with the protocol and the UK-EU relationship and it is what some politiciains have called ransom politics." Lord Frost continued: "I just don't believe that. I don't think the protocol has been implemented and it has produced this situation. "One thing has led to another and it's a political situation." DON'T MISS Braverman slams broadcaster's 'malevolent' reporting Johnson's Brexit [VIDEO]Angry Boris hits out as EU threatens trade war [INSIGHT]Why is there French on the British passport? Reason for translation [ANALYSIS] The bloc has insisted its "door remains open" for talks with the UK to find an agreed resolution to the furore over the so-called Irish Sea border. The stalled legal action related to the UK's unilateral extension of protocol grace periods in 2021. Resuming the proceedings, the EU is issuing the UK with a "reasoned opinion" and giving it two months to respond. If the UK does not respond to the bloc's satisfaction, it will refer the matter to European Court of Justice. The two new infringement proceedings announced on Wednesday relate to alleged UK failures around Sanitary and Phytosanitary (SPS) checks on agri-food produce entering Northern Ireland from Great Britain and also an alleged failure to provide the EU with data on the movement of goods across the Irish Sea.