Christine McGuinness, the wife of Top Gear star Paddy McGuinness, has spoken openly about the emotional ordeal she suffered when her husband was outed on Instagram walking with another woman in the early hours of the morning. Christine, who had been at the couple's home miles away at the time, has said it was her grandparents' wisdom that prevented the showbiz marriage from falling apart. Loved-up Christine, 33, has shockingly admitted she had never considered leaving Paddy. However, her pain was intense - and everyone from her friends to strangers on social media were advising her to step away, with the words: "Leave him! Don't stay with him!" "In the space of a few hours, suddenly everyone had an opinion of my marriage, and I didn't know what was going on myself," she explained of the day when the photos leaked. "I felt physically sick. I ran to the toilet to vomit," she told the world in her book, A Beautiful Nightmare, according to The Mirror. READ NOW: Elton John ‘booed by crowd’ at farewell tour after Newcastle quip "Still to this day I can remember that absolutely pit-of-your-stomach feeling," she continued. After Instagram and showbiz news websites blew up, with everyone discussing the photos, Paddy desperately began to reach out to his wife, but she ignored his calls. In a bid to salvage their relationship, he cancelled his London filming plans for the Keith and Paddy Picture Show and told her he was coming back to Cheshire, to the home the couple shared. "I just didn't want to look at him," the devastated model admitted after the "sickening" pictures emerged. She continued that there had been "no rows or arguments" - just a sickening feeling of hurt and betrayal. "He was home for two days before he returned to London for work," she explained. "[But] while he carried on filming, my life in Cheshire became a nightmare." Christine added: "It was a horrible whirlwind that took over our lives, but I couldn't split up with him at this point, I just couldn't. DON'T MISS: Dame Deborah James' fearless efforts as she plans out final days [LATEST] Dame Deborah James in farewell to brother but warns 'don't come back' [PHOTOS] Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux [INSIGHT] "I'd have photographers following me while I was doing the school run." Six weeks after the media storm first begun, the heartbroken stay-at-home mum drove to her grandparents' house for comfort. It was then that she received some words of wisdom from her grandmother, who'd been through marriage crisis points in the past herself. "Marriage is difficult. I've been through it all with Grandad, and look at us now. I wouldn't be without him," she told her. "That advice has always stuck with me," Christine explained. Though the pair didn't speak much about what had happened, they gradually began to get back to normal. Christine told her Instagram followers: "Things go wrong so you can appreciate them when they're right. She added: "Sometimes good things fall apart so that better things can fall together."