Former Strictly Come Dancing professional dancer Aljaz Skorjanec has surprised fans with a recent admission about wanting to move into the acting business. The ballroom dancer recently announced his departure from the BBC dancing competition and has now revealed what he plans to do with his free time. Aljaz starred on Strictly for nine years and quickly became one of the most popular dancers. However, fans of Aljaz could expect to see him on their TV screens sooner than they thought, as he recently revealed his plans to move into acting. He explained: "Dancing is acting without any script. You are telling a story through movement. So I would love to do some acting. "Hopefully, I’ll get to do films. That industry is something that has always intrigued me a lot, so I would love to do that," Aljaz told the Daily Star. READ MORE: Death in Paradise star details moment he decided to quit acting The dancer also admitted to wanting to try his hand at soap acting as he presented a gong at the British Soap Awards last weekend. He revealed: "One day, hopefully, I will be there as an attendee from a soap!" Back in March, Aljaz announced his departure from Strictly Come Dancing after posting a heartfelt post on his official Instagram page. Alongside two collage images of his time on the show, the caption read: "A little while ago, I made the tough decision that Strictly 2021 would be my last. "The show has given me an opportunity and freedom to create and express myself in front of millions of people every weekend for the last nine years. "Being a part of a group of professionals that inspire and push you to be better every step of the way is humbling, and I will carry that inspiration with me forever," he revealed. "Thank YOU, the people that watch Strictly who have been so kind to me all these years. "Every comment, vote, and kind message never went unnoticed. You are the reason we all do it, thank you! DON'T MISS...Shirley Ballas bids 'difficult farewell' as she issues health update [LATEST]James Martin recalls Strictly mishap after producers cut off mic [INSIGHT]Claudia Winkleman admits she ‘never wanted to do’ quiz show  [WATCH] "I have lots of exciting stuff planned that I will fill you in on soon. I can't wait to see what the future holds! KEEP DANCING!" Aljaz wasn't the only one to announce their departure from the series this year, as professional dancer Oti Mabuse also quit. Back at the beginning of the year, Oti revealed she would be leaving the show to pursue other projects. Judge Bruno Tonioli also confirmed he would be leaving after being absent from the latest series due to the coronavirus pandemic restrictions. Anton Du Beke stepped in last year to keep his seat warm, but has since been named a permanent member of the panel alongside Motsi Mabuse, Craig Revel Horwood and Shirley Ballas. Whilst fans are eagerly waiting to find out who will be taking part in the 20th series, rumours have already begun about the potential line-up. Rumours have mentioned TV chef Gino D'Acampo, TV presenter Helen Skelton, Olympic Diver Tom Daley, Actress Dawn French, journalist Louis Theroux and comedian Rosie Jones. During the last series, Strictly bosses set a first when they signed EastEnders actress Rose Ayling-Ellis as she was the first deaf contestant. Strictly Come Dancing returns later in 2022 on BBC One.