A leaked image has revealed Manchester United and Tottenham Hotspur are among several clubs with scouts watching Monday's UEFA Nations League match between Austria and Denmark. Both United and Tottenham have been credited with an interest in Christian Eriksen ahead of the summer transfer window. On Saturday, reports claimed the Red Devils had joined Spurs, Brentford and Everton in the race to sign Eriksen on a permanent transfer this summer. Erik ten Hag knows the 30-year-old playmaker well after allowing him to train with Ajax ahead of joining Brentford on a short loan in January. The Dutchman was left so impressed with Eriksen that he believes he can contribute to the early years of his rebuild at Old Trafford. And his form after returning to the Premier League backs that up, with the Bees winning seven of the 10 games he started. On Monday evening, Eriksen was named in Denmark's starting lineup against Ralf Rangnick's Austria. An image on social media shows the 11 clubs with scouts present at the game in Vienna, including United, Spurs and West Ham United from the Premier League. JUST IN: Liverpool-linked Valencia ace 'released' as Gattuso green lights sale  It's unconfirmed whether any scouts were present at the game to scout Eriksen specifically. However, just days after United's interest came to light, it's unlikely club figures have travelled simply to check how their former interim manager is getting on in his new role. The Red Devils could also be getting a glimpse of Konrad Laimer as a potential midfield alternative to Ten Hag's leading target, Frenkie de Jong. But links with the RB Leipzig star have died down since Rangnick, who is understood to have recommended him, left Old Trafford rather than starting a two-year consultancy role. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag 'prepares £34m bid' with Man Utd leading race for signing  Eriksen left Inter Milan after suffering a cardiac arrest during a game at last summer's European Championship. Brentford were hailed for giving him the chance to reignite his career, and their show of faith could be a crucial aspect of the race for his signature this summer. Tottenham have Champions League on offer, though, and he would likely welcome the chance to return to north London under ex-Inter boss Antonio Conte. But United's presence at his latest international fixture indicates Ten Hag's interest in bringing him to M16 is concrete, and it's certainly a developing story to watch. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.