Leeds United have reached an agreement with Bayern Munich for Marc Roca, according to reports. Jesse Marsch could announce his third signing of the summer later this week as the Whites spend big to try and avoid the kind of relegation scrap they found themselves in last term. Leeds' injury woes almost cost them a place in the Premier League last season, escaping on the final day thanks to a pivotal away win at Brentford. The club's transfer chief, Victor Orta, is seemingly in no mood to take such a chance again and has already nailed down two signings to give Marsch depth. A hefty £35million has already been spent on RB Salzburg duo Brenden Aaronson and Rasmus Kristensen, both of whom are expected to make an instant impact in the first team. And the Daily Mirror claim that a further £12m is set to be splashed on Roca. The former Espanyol midfielder has been a bit-part player at the Allianz Arena, notching a combined 15 Bundesliga appearances over the past two seasons. JUST IN: West Ham could do Tottenham big favour after Spurs 'agree £25m Yves Bissouma transfer' Nevertheless, the German giants are set to turn a profit on the 25-year-old, having spent just £8m on him back in 2020. That's not bad business on a peripheral player whose career has stalled, and Julian Nagelsmann has supposedly informed the Spaniard that he is free to go. Personal terms have already been agreed between Leeds and Roca, and with the finer details being sewn up, Whites fans could clasp eyes on their new singing later this week. Despite that taking their summer spending up to £47m already, Orta and Marsch may not be done there. READ MORE: Man Utd made mistake eight years ago and could do it again this summer A new striker is believed to be high on the priority list after Patrick Bamford spent the vast majority of last term side-lined with injury. Wingers Jack Harrison and Raphinha finished the campaign as top scorers, and both have been linked to moves elsewhere in recent weeks. The latter's departure was viewed as a dead certainty if Leeds tumbled down to the Championship, but clinching survival may have changed the game completely. The Brazilian is thought to be keen on a move to Barcelona, who have shown the most interest thus far, but financial struggles could see them priced out. Arsenal have also shown a 'genuine' interest, however, and Manchester United hero Paul Parker has urged his former side to rival the Gunners for Raphinha's signature.  "Now, he’s not a centre-forward, he’s a wide player, he’s creative," Parker told BonusCodeBets. "He plays off the cuff, he improvises. So, I would say that he’s everything that Manchester United are about. "I have to say that he would be a very good signing and the fact that he’s playing in the Premier League is a fact that makes even more sense. They haven’t got to worry about integration. So, common sense says, if he’s available, I would say he would be a very, very good signing for Manchester United."