Arsenal have confirmed their first summer signing after completing a deal for highly-rated Brazilian winger Marquinhos. The Gunners are expected to be incredibly busy during the transfer window and Marquinhos marks their first foray into the market. The 19-year-old, who joins the North Londoners from Sao Paulo, has been dubbed a ‘player for the future’ by technical director Edu. Marquinhos is likely to be eased into Mikel Arteta’s first team and could feature for the club’s U23 team. “We’re delighted to have completed the transfer with Sao Paulo, as Marquinhos was a player we had been watching for a while. At 19, he is still very young, so he is a player for the future,” Edu told the club’s website. “We look forward to Marquinhos now joining us for pre-season, making his new home, and continuing to grow and develop with us.” JUST IN: Lineker explains why Haaland's Man City move is a 'seminal moment' Arsenal hit a slight obstacle in their bid to sign the teenager. It was widely reported that Wolves felt they had a pre-agreement to sign Marquinhos this summer, and the Midlands club are believed to be seeking legal advice, according to The Athletic. The player made 33 for Sao Paulo last season and attracted plenty of interest from across Europe. Arsenal have secured a coup in attracting him to the Emirates Stadium, amid speculation that he could join another of football's elite clubs. Arteta and Edu are expected to be incredibly busy this summer after missing out on the Champions League last term. A late spiral in form saw rivals Tottenham pip the Gunners to the Premier League's fourth place, meaning they must play in the Europa League next season. DON'T MISS...Harry Kane fires warning to Erling Haaland and Darwin NunezFrenkie de Jong handed extra incentive for Man Utd transferSpurs star Son's father hints transfer is needed to become world class Signing a new striker is high on Arsenal's list of priorities ahead of next season, with their failure to qualify for the Champions League largely down to a poor record in front of goal. The departed Alexandre Lacazette managed just four Premier League strikes. Arsenal have been boosted by the fact that Eddie Nketiah has U-turned on his desire to leave in search of game time. The former England U21 captain scored 10 goals after being offered the starting role in Arteta's side for the final stretch of top-flight fixtures. But despite that, the club are in the market for an elite No.9. They are set to lose out to Liverpool in the race to sign Darwin Nunez, which is a further blow to Arteta in his pursuit of a striker after missing out on Dusan Vlahovic in January. Arsenal have also been linked with Napoli's Victor Osimhen and Everton's Dominic Calvert-Lewin.