The Duke and Duchess of Sussex joined the Royal Family to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee over the weekend, the first time they had returned to the UK as a family since they quit their roles as full-time royals in 2020. They kept a relatively low profile throughout the weekend, only being seen in public attending the Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams said the lack of appearances shows that are "obviously outsiders" in the Royal Family.  He told Express.co.uk: "A deep rift with the royal family remains although a lot obviously went on behind the scenes to allow for their visit for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. "This follows their visiting the Queen before the Invictus Games began. It would benefit everyone if it could be healed and the royal family were united." Mr Fitzwilliams said it is "unsurprising" the couple renewed a lease at Frogmore Cottage in Windsor, giving them a "base" in the UK. The cottage was converted into one home in 2019 for the Sussexes, costing £2.4million, having previously been five separate properties for staff. It is thought to have five bedrooms, a kitchen, a sitting room, and a nursery. Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank have been living there since Harry and Meghan moved to California with their children Archie, three, and Lilibet, who turned one on Saturday.   Mr Fitzwilliams went on to list the reasons why the Sussexes will not return to make the UK their permanent home in the future. He added: “It was only over a year ago that they carried out their last royal duties and their strained relations with the Cambridges were on show for the Commonwealth Day Service at Westminster Abbey. “Then came their interview on Oprah, which was so destructive and their behaviour, whilst having found freedom as they see it in California, has been unpredictable to put it mildly. "Their relations with the Cambridges remain distant. Their popularity ratings in Britain are dire. Harry’s memoir is supposedly due out later this year and there is a reported “fly on the wall” documentary series for Netflix, though details are unclear. "Their future obviously lies in the United States, but with periodic trips to Britain if relations with the royal family improve and if Harry is satisfied with security." READ MORE: Mike Tindall reveals royals met for a drink after Jubilee concert There was no sign of the couple at the People's Pageant on Sunday amid reports that they chose to flow back to the US early after they were allegedly booed at St Paul's. Before departing they did hold an intimate birthday party for Lilibet to which they reportedly extended an invitation for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. However, due to a diary clash, they were unable to attend. DON'T MISS: Will Prince Louis get a royal title? The age-long tradition [EXPLAINED]Meghan and Harry absent from family Jubilee lunch [INSIGHT]Queen taking Harry's titles was Meghan's 'most painful' moment [ANALYSIS]  No official attendees have been confirmed but it is believed Princess Anne's daughter Zara and her husband Mike Tindall were present with their three children. Mike Tindall revealed that the family had a "good cousins lunch" on the first day of the Jubilee celebrations adding that it was "a highlight". He didn't share any further details or reveal who exactly was in attendance but royal editor Rebecca English said she did not believe Meghan Markle and Prince Harry were among the attendees. 