Amanda Owen, 47, shared earlier this month that she was splitting from her husband of 21 years, Clive Owen, after having nine children together. The Yorkshire shepherdess spoke in a recent interview about a hidden tie she still has with her soon-to-be ex-husband, in a very candid update. Many fans have been left distraught this month as Amanda took to social media to confirm her marriage split. Since the statement, the shepherdess has not said much on the topic, however, in a recent interview, she shared a detail of how things will be on the farm going forward. Amanda was asked about her farm dogs, and she replied: "We have three Border collie sheepdogs and two terriers. "The sheepdog pack is made up of Nell, who is my son Sidney’s dog, Midge, who is my husband Clive's dog and Kate, who works with me", she told Game Fair. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast's Carol Kirkwood bids farewell to 'emotional' colleague This comes after Amanda released a joint statement confirming the couple's split earlier this month. The statement read: "Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate. "This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family. "Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together, without our number one priority the happiness and well-being of our children. "We would like to thank everyone for their support and would ask that the media please respect our privacy as we work through this difficult time. "Amanda & Clive Owen," the statement ended. The couple share nine children together; Raven, Reuben, Miles, Edith, Violet, Sidney, Annas, Clemmy, and Nancy. Amanda previously opened up about how she met Clive back in 1996 on her farming show. At the time, she was a trainee shepherdess and was sent to his Ravenseat Farm to borrow a male sheep. DON'T MISS... Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [INSIGHT] Jasmine Harman shows off bikini as she 'learns to love wobbly bits' [PICS] Madonna, 63, poses up a storm in busty bodice, but leaves fans worried [VIDEO] Speaking about this on an episode of Our Yorkshire Farm, she admitted it wasn’t love at first sight for the pair. She said: "It was a slow burn thing we kind of got to know each other. "Made friends first, then went out a little bit together." "With us both coming from non-farming backgrounds we were kind of peas in a pod really but we didn't know that at the time," she said. Amanda added he was "perfect husband material", saying: "My kind of fella, like the same sense of humour and type of things. It was just fate." It didn't take long for the couple to get hitched, with nine children quickly following. The Game Fair will be held at Ragley Hall, Warwickshire from 29-31 July. You can purchase tickets here.