In celebration of the Queen's Jubilee, the Loose Women panel rocked up to Thursday's show dressed as the Monarch at different stages of her life. Jane Moore was dressed as an 18-year-old Queen Elizabeth II during her days as a mechanical engineer. Gloria Hunniford wore a yellow two-piece, which was the outfit she wore to Prince William and Kate Middleton's wedding. Kaye Adams donned the outfit the Queen wore during her coronation when she was 27, and finally, Linda Robson was dressed in the royal's horse-riding attire. During one segment, the panel spoke with royal expert Hugo Vickers to chat about the Queen's Jubilee. Jane began by asking Hugo what he thinks the future of the Royal Family looks like. "I think it's looking good. I was watching another channel earlier on and there you saw the wonderful Cambridges with their three cute little children. I mean, they're just amazing. "And they're all so good. I mean, like the Duke of Kent, the ones who are the most successful are the ones who don't compete with the Queen but support her. READ MORE: Michael Le Vell age: How old is Coronation Street's Kevin Webster? "And certainly now that she's 96, she needs a little bit of extra help, so they're all rallying around, which is fabulous." Hugo went on to praise Prince Charles before Kaye asked: "Do you think he'll be the backbone and the Cambridges will be, when I say showbiz, I'm not trying to belittle them, but they'll be the public face?" He replied: "They were very much the public face during the pandemic, weren't they suddenly? "I used to think that Catherine just needed to be a wonderful mother with their three children, but all through the Zooms as she was talking to us and listening to her, you know, and her message is very good, they're very engaged and I don't think they're celebrities." However, the chat quickly turned towards Meghan and Harry as Linda asked: "Quickly, can I just ask you what Harry and Meghan will think about the celebrations?" Shutting the host down, Hugo replied: "I kind of made a resolution not to talk about them at all during the celebrations." "Oh, okay," Linda interrupted before the expert added: "Simply because I'd really like it to be focused on the Queen. "I think they're there, aren't they? We've been told that they're there." DON'T MISS...Stranger Things plot hole: How did Kali survive the lab massacre? [CAST]Coronation Street fans 'work out' Toyah's killer plan as Imran exits [REACTION]'Such bad taste' Vera's Brenda Blethyn details 'awful' acting role [INSIGHT] Later on in the programme, the Loose Women panel cut live to Buckingham Palace for the Trooping of the Colour. They watched on as the Queen and the Royal Family walked onto the balcony for the start of the Jubilee celebrations. Kaye Adams said: "It has to be said, Hugo, people are looking (and saying), 'Are Harry and Megan going to be there? Is Prince Andrew going to be there?'" Hugo seemed to ignore the question as he replied: "It was probably Princess Alexandra because she was one of the working royals we were told was going to be there."   Linda went on to ask: "Do you think she'll be sad that Andrew can't be there?" "Well, she understands the reasons why he can't but she's quite a lot of him privately," Hugo replied. Turning the chat back to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, Kaye asked: "Harry and Meghan, Hugo are they going to be in the picture today?" "I've been told not, I can't see them there, can you?" the royal expert replied. Pushing him to answer again, Kaye asked: "Are you happy not to see them there?" "I'd like the focus to be very much on the Queen for this weekend," Hugo hit back. "It's a great opportunity to thank her... she tells us she wants to thank us but I think we want to thank her." Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV.