On Saturday night, BBC viewers tuned in to watch the third day of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Platinum Party at the Palace kicked off with a performance by Adam Lambert singing Queen's iconic track We Will Rock You. Jax Jones and Diversity also took to the stage to perform for the Royal Family. However, when Sir Rod Stewart's performance came around, viewers became confused as to why he sang Neil Diamond's Sweet Caroline, instead of one of his chart-topping hits. The Maggie May hitmaker was even baffled himself as he admitted to the crowds ahead of his performance: "The BBC made me sing it. Join in and make it comfortable for me." Despite his nerves about singing the song, the crowds cheered and sang along to the song. However, BBC viewers were left divided by the performance, and many took to social media to share their thoughts. READ MORE: Hunniford in savage Meghan swipe upon Jubilee return User @MBBrownSF3 quizzed: What, we get to see only one song from Rod Stewart and it's a cover of Sweet Caroline?!? #PlatinumPartyatthePalace." Steve Swan tweeted: "So Sir @rodstewart only had one song on the broadcast of the #PlatinumPartyatthePalace and it was a @NeilDiamond song ...Okay then.." (sic) While user @VinylContessa added: "Also still confused about Rod Stewart singing Sweet Caroline. It just didn’t mesh well." "Anyone else feel like Rod Stewart singing Sweet Caroline was just wrong?!!" user @MASlipka tweeted.  User @pirateluvs quizzed: "Sir Rod Stewart WHY did you do that to sweet Caroline??" User @fla_buckeye commented: "Why did Rod Stewart sing Sweet Caroline? He’s got a ton of his own hits?" Other viewers were unimpressed by the performance and claimed Rod "ruined" the song for them. There may have been a lot of confusion among fans, but Prince William and his son Prince George seemed to love the performance as they were spotted waving theor Union Jack flags and singing along. DON'T MISS...Queen shocks fans in brilliant Paddington skit  [REACTION]GB News: Anne Diamond forced to shut down guest over Diana comment [VIDEO]Hunniford in savage Meghan swipe upon Jubilee return [INSIGHT] The Queen may not have been present at the concert on Saturday night, but Rod has sung in front of the royal several times in the past. Earlier this week, Rod spoke with BBC Breakfast's Naga Munchetty about his Platinum Jubilee performance. At the time, he told the host that he thought Prince Charles would be the first to get up and dance along. Rod even made a cheeky admission about his wife Penny Lancaster, where he admitted the Loose Women star has a "thing" for the royal. "I love him, and my wife absolutely adores him,” he said. “I think they’ve got a thing going on," he went on to joke. Rod laughed with embarrassment as Naga teased: “You know I’m going to keep that in the edit!” The presenter asked what Penny’s reaction will be, to which Rod confirmed: “She’s going to die of embarrassment." Platinum Party at the Palace is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.  