Dawn Whitear, 33, travelled to Puerto Vallarta feeling safe in the knowledge that doctors said she was fine to fly. She was astonished when she felt contractions just two days into the two-week vacation.  Baby Hugo was born three-and-a-half months premature, weighing below 2lb - less than a bag of sugar. In the four weeks since then, he has been kept in hospital on a ventilator due to problems with his intestines and blood. Travel insurance is funding his hospital stay but Dawn and her partner David Wright, 30, are desperately trying to raise money to stay by his bedside while they wait to get him home. They've launched a crowdfunding appeal to help with this. Speaking from Mexico, David told Express.co.uk: "Hugo is extremely weak. He's 14 weeks premature and on a ventilator. "He's already had a blood transfusion as his blood levels were getting low. He also has a couple of issues with his intestines, which they are monitoring.  The couple, from Eastbourne, East Sussex, were desperate to get away for a final break before the baby - their first together - so booked a last-minute trip to Mexico last month. They left on April 28. David, who is a plasterer, said: "We just wanted a break before the baby came along. "One of the scans was just two weeks before we went away, and we told them 'we are going to Mexico' and they were fine with it. They wished us well, as everything was healthy. "Who thinks that they're going to give birth at 26 weeks?"  Now, David and Dawn are staying in an apartment next to Hospital Joya in Puerto Vallarta, a popular resort town on the western coast of the country. They are paying for the accommodation, essentials, and may need to pay for further healthcare, which they estimate could cost as much as £10,000 while Hugo recovers. Dawn, a law student, and her partner are also struggling with the language barrier in Mexico, a Spanish-speaking nation. "It's tough. It's particularly hard to get more details on Hugo's problems because we don't speak Spanish, and their English is limited too," David added. "He's getting stronger but problems can still occur. "We think our little fighter can smash this. I would just like to say a massive thank you to everyone who has donated. These guys have been truly amazing. I've received lots of messages and advice too. "Hugo needs to put on weight. They have started bottle feeding him, which will help, and he's fighting." To donate to the appeal, visit https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-us-and-our-baby-boy-hugo 