Sherwood first made its debut on BBC One on Monday, June 13, delving into the loosely based real-life story of a manhunt for two murderers in Nottinghamshire. The community was already in pieces, still affected by the Miners' Strike from years prior and, once again, there was friction among neighbours. As fans have enjoyed watching the drama unfold, questions have been raised on exactly what time period Sherwood is in. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Sherwood.  The events of Sherwood on BBC One takes place between two timelines. Throughout the series, there are flashbacks from 1984, depicting what happened to the community during the Miners' Strike. This is the year that the strike took place in the United Kingdom in real life. But the murders actually happened decades after the protests came to an end. READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint    The present-day scenes in Sherwood, including the murder of Gary Jackson (played by Alun Armstrong), happened three decades later in 2014. The BBC series is loosely based on the real-life Miners' Strike and the two murders which shook the Nottinghamshire community. However, the timings in Sherwood is different to how they actually unfolded. The murders of the two village residents which inspired the drama happened in 2004, 10 years earlier than shown in the limited series.   In the latest episode of Sherwood, Tory councillor Sarah Vincent (played by Joanne Froggatt) was attacked by her father-in-law Andy Fisher (Adeel Akhtar). Andy and Sarah had been at loggerheads, initially because he was a Labour supporter but later on it worsened as she made some horrible remarks about his deceased wife. In a fit of rage, Andy grabbed at a box of spades that he had brought round for her and his son and whacked Sarah around the head. He scarpered as his daughter-in-law was left with a potentially fatal injury, laying in a pool of blood. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star details moment he decided to quit acting  [CAST]Sherwood creator pays tribute to miner victim’s family  [TRIBUTE]Downton Abbey’s Joanne Froggatt pays tribute to Sherwood co-star [EXPLAINER]  There was also the discovery that there could be a "spy cop", an undercover police officer, living among them. But who could it be and what will the community do when they discover the truth? The synopsis for the third instalment of the BBC drama reads: "As Ian and Kevin are called to the scene of a second murder, news breaks of a former spy in the community at Gary’s memorial service. Meanwhile, Scott remains at large." While the series is halfway through, there isn't too much longer to go before fans have to say goodbye to the drama.  Two new episodes of Sherwood are coming out every Monday and Tuesday on BBC One. So fans won't have to wait very long for the fourth episode to air as Sherwood returns tomorrow, Tuesday, June 21. The final two instalments will be out next week, with the big finale premiering on Tuesday, June 28. Sherwood continues every Monday and Tuesday at 9pm on BBC One. 