Marcus Rashford is optimistic about a Manchester United revival after talking to Donny van de Beek about new manager Erik ten Hag. Van de Beek spent two-and-a-half years under the tutelage of Ten Hag at Ajax before making a big-money move to Old Trafford in 2020. Rashford burst onto the United scene at the start of 2016 after progressing through the club’s academy. And he soon became a regular in the starting XI under Louis van Gaal. The 24-year-old has racked up 303 appearances for the Red Devils - but his career has stalled over the last year. Rashford missed the first three months of the last campaign after undergoing shoulder surgery following England’s penalty shootout agony against Italy in the Euro 2020 final. He was slowly introduced back into the fold last autumn during Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s last month in charge before starting Ralf Rangnick’s first three Premier League matches at the helm. But Rashford soon fell out of favour under the Austrian and struggled to command a place in the team as the season wore on. And his future at Old Trafford has been cast into doubt as a result. READ MORE: Christian Eriksen has 'accepted' element of Man Utd transfer But according to Goal, Rashford now wants to be given the opportunity to establish himself at Old Trafford in his favoured role on the left of attack. And he’s discussed Ten Hag’s methods with Van de Beek and former United defender Daley Blind, who also played under the manager in Holland. Rashford has heard promising things about Ten Hag and has now made United his priority. The pacy frontman is hoping to benefit from a full pre-season this year and feels he needs to be man-managed to make the most of his potential. And he is looking for a manager to believe in him. DON'T MISS  Rashford will be vying with the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Jadon Sancho and Anthony Martial for a place in the United starting team next season. But he believes an impressive start would allow him to force his way into Gareth Southgate’s World Cup plans after he was once again left out of the Three Lions’ latest squad. The ace had been a regular in Southgate’s England squads. But he has not played for his country since missing his spot-kick in the penalty shootout that decided Euro 2020. And with England enjoying the luxury of having a string of superstar forwards, Rashford knows he must rediscover his best form with United if he is to get his international career back on track. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 