Raheem Sterling wants to leave Manchester City in order to join Chelsea this summer, according to reports. The 27-year-old is said to have emerged as a priority target for the Blues, with Thomas Tuchel believed to be keen on bringing him to Stamford Bridge in advance of the new Premier League campaign. Sterling's long-term future at City has been called into question in recent months after falling down the pecking order at the Etihad Stadium over the last few seasons. He is now said to be at the top of Chelsea's summer wish list and it seems as though he would be keen on joining the Blues before the on-pitch action gets back underway in early August.Fabrizio Romano has claimed that Sterling has decided that he would like to make the switch to west London after taking some time to weigh up his options in the market. Chelsea are now said to be preparing a new bid for the Jamaican-born winger after seeing their initial offer rebuffed by City earlier this month.The defending Premier League champions are willing to sell for the right price, though, with those in command at Chelsea believed to be harbouring 'positive feelings' about the possibility of a deal being done. Personal terms have already been discussed between Sterling's representatives and the Blues, who are yet to rubber-stamp any summer arrivals despite their best efforts in the window thus far. JUST IN: Newcastle consider hijacking Man Utd plans for defender after Botman Sterling is said to have been lined up by the Blues to play a crucial role in their front three next season in place of Romelu Lukaku, who is widely expected to rejoin Inter Milan on loan by the end of this week. The City man could be available for a relatively modest fee this summer, with his current deal in Manchester poised to expire in a year's time as things stand.Goals were an issue for the Blues last season and Sterling has proven himself to be a shrewd operator in that regard during his time at City. He has bagged a total of 131 goals in his seven-year spell with the Premier League champions and managed to find the back of the net on 17 occasions over the course of the previous campaign. However, it remains to be seen whether Chelsea will be able to settle on a fee as they look to step up their interest in the forward, with talks set to resume over the coming days. Former Blues defender Scott Minto recently urged his old club to push hard in their pursuit of Sterling, who he believes would be the perfect signing to improve their attacking ranks ahead of the new campaign."It's a no-brainer," Minto told talkSPORT earlier this month. "I mean, my goodness, you think where could he go? He's not going back to Liverpool, he's not going to go to United."The next best, Chelsea would be perfect for him. I think Chelsea and Spurs would be two good moves for him, but Chelsea would be able to bridge that gap more than Spurs could do, so absolutely [they should] go for him." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here