New research from Wise found that many Britons would be put off moving abroad because they’d miss the food too much. Just under 20 percent of Britons said food would stop them relocating. Around 10 percent of Britons said they would miss their local pub too much to make the jump overseas. This could explain why the Spanish resort of Benidorm is so popular among British expats. According to data from Spain-Holiday, Benidorm is the top destination in Spain for British expats. Expats will find a wealth of British culture in the resort with a whopping 40 British pubs and restaurants in Benidorm. READ MORE: Suitcase packing tip: ‘Number one accessory’ Sunday roast fans will be able to enjoy the traditional dish while fish and chips are also popular in the resort. Australia is also a top destination for Britons who like their home comforts as the country has a thriving pub culture. Britons aged 65 and over were the most worried about missing the pub overseas, making Benidorm a great choice for British retirees. Almost 15 percent of Britons are nervous of moving abroad as they are frightened of driving overseas. Many British expats in Spain are currently unable to drive as they didn’t exchange their licence before the post-Brexit deadline. Britons who have a UK licence have to take a driving test in Spanish to qualify for a Spanish licence. However, unsurprisingly around 96 percent of Britons said the British weather wouldn’t stop them relocating. In fact, the main reasons most Britons wanted to move abroad were to enjoy better weather and improve their mental health. READ MORE: Airbnb and holiday homes under review in tourist towns Many British expats in Spain say the lifestyle is more relaxed and they feel healthier living there. Over 30 percent of Britons thought it would be easier for them to pursue a healthy lifestyle overseas. However, a quarter of Britons worried that managing the admin of moving abroad had become more complicated since Brexit. Over 10 percent weren’t sure how they’d manage their money overseas while almost 40 percent said they’d count on getting a bank account. Nilan Peiris, Chief Product Officer at Wise, told Express.co.uk: “With all the events of the past few years, it’s unsurprising that Brits are seizing the opportunity to lead more international lives, and pursuing new adventures to fit their passions. “This comes with its own set of challenges, including adjusting to new ways of living, and tackling admin challenges, such as managing your finances during and after the big move. “It’s important to find a financial provider that works flexibly with your lifestyle, such as a multi-currency account, which can help you access local bank details, save money on exchange rates and spend like a local. “Relocating abroad involves a lot of moving parts, and finding a flexible financial provider that suits your needs is one of the ways that you can make it as stress-free an experience as possible.”