Despite being one of the newest property experts on Channel 4's A Place in the Sun, Leah has become a staple of the show. Using her former presenting skills, she said being in front of a camera never fazed her, which helped when she joined the hit series. However, speaking to Express.co.uk, the property specialist recalled a scary moment she nearly passed out from the heat and filming had to be stopped. Talking about the difficulties that come from filming in far-away locations, Leah reflected on how the weather has a big impact. "When you're filming in the summer heat, that's very different," she commented. "Obviously the heat and the dehydration - I mean, last week I almost passed out while I was showing somebody around. "They actually had to stop because it just got to me, I was really dehydrated so we had to stop filming for about half an hour. READ MORE: Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes' "I did feel awful because I don't want anybody waiting for me or worrying about me - I really tried to power through. "But I could feel my eyes glazing over and thought, 'Right, I need to stop, I'm going to pass out.'" Leah explained: "It was just because it suddenly got super hot. "Really early in the morning, it got super hot, and it just took me by surprise really.  "So those are the kinds of things I've found hardest so far." Leah also described how not being able to fully prepare for the next filming location can be tough. "We never really truly know where we're going until maybe the day before we go, so it's hard to prepare. "I like to be ready in different ways. So I know I'm going away, I'm going somewhere but I have no idea where I'm going." DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Bobby Beale heartbroken as Dana pregnant with Peter [THEORY]Piers Morgan fumes Heard and Depp trial 'should not have been televise [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest emotional over grandfather’s rugby valuation [VIDEO] Leah has also faced mental health struggles and opened up about how it can affect her job. "For me, I have anxiety as well as bipolar, so these bits of information would be really helpful. "There are things that I can control and there are many things that are out of my control, it can also be things like the weather. "I was in Alicante last month and it had been the worst weather they'd had in 100 years! "And we were trying to film on this mountain and as soon as I stepped out of the vehicle my umbrella got blown away. "I got pushed around by the wind, it was actually really bad! "I was like, well I have to draw the line! I'm usually up for anything but I did have to draw the line there. "And there was no way it [the footage] could have been used, everything was blowing away. We're A Place in the Sun!" A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 4pm on Channel 4.