Andy Murray put in arguably his most impressive performance of the year so far, to defeat world No. 5 Stefanos Tsitsipas in the quarter-final of the Stuttgart Open. Murray was out on the German grass continuing his all-important preparation ahead of Wimbledon which kicks off at the end of this month. The Scottish star has enjoyed a successful week so far in the Stuttgart sun, but things got even better during Friday’s clash with Tsitsipas. Murray brushed aside the tournament’s top seed in straight sets, putting in an inspired performance to win 7-6, 6-3. There is no doubt Murray came into the clash as the underdog, but the former world No. 1 more than held his own in the early stages, with the first set a tight affair. Both players battled to hold onto their serves in the opener, forcing a tie break to decide set one. The tie breaker followed suit which again proved cagey, before Tsitsipas was the first to crack as Murray broke serve to move 5-3 ahead in the tie break. Knowing he was within touching distance of an opening set lead, the three-time Grand Slam winner sent down a crushing ace, before following up with another point soon after to take the early lead. Rolling back the years, the Scot gave himself the perfect platform to cause an upset against the top seed. Like the first set, the opening stages of the second follow suit, with both exchanging games giving Murray the advantage. All the former world No. 1 knew he had to do was hold his serve just as he did in set one. With the 35-year-old doing just that, Murray then looked to capitalise on the world No. 3’s serve, after breaking in game six of the second set to move 4-2 ahead and within two games of a spot in the final four. The Scot no doubt needed to keep his nerve, and did exactly that, holding on in the game after to move him within touching distance of a thumping victory.  Just two games later victory was his, as he saw of Tsitsipas in game nine of the second set to secure a hugely impressive straight-sets triumph. His victory means he is yet to drop a set whilst out in Germany after two straight set wins over Alexander Bublik and Christopher O'Connell prior to his win over the Greek star. The British star will now take on either Nick Kyrgios or Márton Fucsovics in the last four for a place in the final.