Warmer weather and longer days means gardens are thriving at this time of year. While it’s definitely the time of year to be enjoying the garden, July, which is just days away, is also a month for maintaining a garden and ensuring it is “looking its best”. Homebase have shared their tips for looking after gardens in July. The experts shared which jobs gardeners need to be tackling next month. The gardening pros shared their comprehensive list in a video from June 2017. The caption for the video read: “July is the month to harvest any fruit and veg, clear away any dead foliage and keep topping up your water for the birds daily.” The experts also said July is a great month for harvesting certain vegetables and keeping plants well-fed. READ MORE: How to stop grass turning yellow - 4 tips to keep lawn They continued: “Days are long and hopefully warm at this time of year. “To keep your garden looking its best, clear away disease and spent foliage and keep an eye out for pests. “Make sure plants are well-fed and remember it's not just the garden that needs water.” Gardeners should also give birds a helping hand in July. DON'T MISS‘Incredibly easy’ vegetables to grow on a balcony or patio [INSIGHT]‘Valuable’ kitchen essential to give gardens a boost without chemicals [UPDATE]Alan Titchmarsh shares how to avoid ‘mildew and black spot’ on roses [ANALYSIS] Keeping bird baths topped up will keep them happy. Birds also like clean water to drink so gardeners should ensure the water is changed daily. Clean water prevents birds catching diseases. Gardeners should also work to keep weeds from releasing seed heads. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The experts said: “Capture seed heads from dandelions and other weeds before they have a chance to release. “Give lawns of summer feed to keep grass healthy. “Harvest courgettes, peaches, apricots, nectarines and garlic. “Remove any blanket weed that develops in your pond to keep the water clear and healthy. “Cut back faded perennials to keep borders looking smart.” The warm weather also means pests are making a come back.  Gardeners should keep an eye out for pests to catch problems early before they develop. Pests to keep an eye out for include aphids, spider mites, slugs and snails. It’s often best to deal with pests without using chemicals which can have an impact on the surrounding environment. The Homebase experts added: “Feed crops with general fertiliser to encourage plentiful growth. “Clear away disease and spent foliage in the vegetable garden to help plants flourish. “Turn compost in your composter to keep it aerated and speed up the composting process.”