Nile Gardiner, a former adviser to Margaret Thatcher, spoke about the Sussexes, who have returned to the UK for the Jubilee weekend. In particular, he hit out at Meghan, claiming she "relentlessly thinks about herself". Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Gardiner said: "I think it's very clear that Meghan and Harry have been using their royal status to advance their own personal agenda and that's especially the case with Meghan Markle.  "If you look at their vast Netflix deals, there's a huge amount of money involved and Meghan Markle especially has used her royal status as a sort of publicity machine to advance her own personal interests. "And I think that it would be absolutely appalling if the Platinum Jubilee celebrations were used by Meghan and Harry to advance their own personal agenda. "The Jubilee celebrations are all about celebrating the Queen in her 70 years of service and her life of dedication. "Meghan just relentlessly thinks about herself, while at the same time launching attack upon attack against the Royal Family.       Meghan Markle criticised several members of the Royal Family during her 2021 interview with Oprah Winfrey. For example, she claimed that the Duchess of Cambridge had upset her during a spat over flower girl dresses. Mr Gardiner's comments come as Meghan and Harry have returned to the UK together for the Queen's Jubilee.     While they did not appear on the balcony at Trooping the Colour, they did attend the service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral on Friday. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are also planning to attend the BBC's Party at the Palace this evening. This is the first time the couple has returned to the UK with their two children, Archie and Lilibet. Meghan and Harry have only returned to the UK once together since stepping back from royal duties in March 2020.  DON'T MISS: 'Isn't worth my respect' Dr Shola launches vicious attack on Monarchy [REACTION]  Meghan Markle warned against 'appalling tactics' at Jubilee [INSIGHT] Queen facing 'high element of risk' as Meghan to exploit Jubilee [ANALYSIS]   However, Mr Gardiner claimed the Queen is facing a "high element of risk" with Meghan's presence at the celebrations. The commentator said: "I don't think their presence at the Jubilee is in any way helpful for the celebrations. "The Queen is an immensely big-hearted person who wants to embrace the whole family and that's her decision.    "But the reality is that Meghan Markle in particular is guilty of attacking the institution of the monarchy and undermining the British Royal Family, including the Queen. "So I think that there's a high element of risk with Meghan attending these celebrations in London that she will utilise this as an opportunity to advance her own business agenda, her political agenda. "She's clearly politically ambitious. "This is not the moment for Meghan Markle to be in any way undermining the British Royal Family."   