Tottenham have announced that 12 players have left the club after their contracts weren’t renewed. And the north Londoners have also bid farewell to goalkeeper Pierluigi Gollini, who will return to his parent club Atalanta following the conclusion of his loan spell. Development squad players J'Neil Bennett, Kacper Kurylowicz, Dermi Lusala, Thimothee Lo-Tutala, Josh Oluwayemi, Tobi Omole and Isak Solberg have all departed Tottenham Hotspur Stadium after their contracts expired. And under-18s youngsters Jez Davies, Jordan Hackett, Khalon Haysman, Renaldo Torraj and Oliver Turner have also exited following the conclusion of their scholarships. “We wish them all the best in the next stage of their careers,” Spurs wrote in a statement. “We thank Pierluigi for his service and wish him well for the future.” Gollini made 10 appearances for Tottenham during his time in north London, but failed to feature in the Premier League as No 1 Hugo Lloris played every minute in the top flight. And his departure could pave the way for Spurs to sign Southampton shot-stopper Fraser Forster, who they have been linked with in recent days. READ MORE: Paraguay legend unleashes on Jack Grealish after 'talking s***' about Miguel Almiron  Spurs are set to play in the Champions League next season after boss Antonio Conte guided his side to a fourth-place Premier League finish last time around. The Lilywhites had looked set to miss out on a top-four spot but gained the advantage after Arsenal lost to Newcastle in their penultimate match. And Tottenham thrashed Norwich 5-0 at Carrow Road on the final day of the campaign to take their place among the European elite. That means Conte will be desperate to bring in signings who can make a significant impact when it matters to help the team compete for honours at home and abroad. Spurs have already confirmed the signing of Croatia international Ivan Perisic, who passed a medical on Monday and is set to arrive in the capital when his contract with Inter Milan expires. MORE NEWSLiverpool star Mohamed Salah 'wants Premier League transfer' if he fails to sign new dealTottenham chief Fabio Paratici 'already held January talks' over discreet summer dealLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting      Perisic is Conte’s third signing from Serie A in less than six months following the arrivals of Rodrigo Bentancur and Dejan Kulusevski from Juventus in January. Kulusevski joined on an initial 18-month loan but has excelled in the Premier League and will likely become a permanent signing further down the line. Conte has reportedly asked Tottenham chiefs to sign six new players this summer. And if he gets his way, the Italian will be confident of overseeing another fine season next time around after he committed his future to Spurs for another year when he met with sporting director Fabio Paratici last Friday.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here