According to Camilla Tominey, associate editor at the Daily Telegraph, there is a "distinct lack of Brexiteerism in any of Boris Johnson's potential replacements". A recent YouGov poll revealed the top choices as a replacement for Mr Johnson were Ben Wallace, Liz Truss and Jeremy Hunt. However, the problem with these candidates is that none voted Leave.   Ms Tominey said this is a problem because "some fear that the attempted ousting of the Prime Minister is part of a Remainer plot to reverse the EU Referendum". It will be a struggle to find a Right-leaning Eurosceptic candidate to replace Mr Johnson. It has now been claimed the Conservative Party will have to look towards “comeback granddads”, such as Iain Duncan Smith and David Davis to find a suitable Eurosceptic to replace Mr Johnson. Ms Tominey also stated in her Daily Telegraph article that, "Michael Gove’s lockdown zealotry rules him out, while Mr Hunt’s successor Sajid Javid enjoys the support of just 3 percent of the membership, according to YouGov." READ MORE: Remember what Boris has done and Labour offers, says ANDREA JENKYNS  Mr Johnson successfully survived a no-confidence vote in his leadership on June 6. The vote of confidence was held amongst Conservative Party MPs on the Prime Minister, Boris Johnson's, leadership of their party. Mr Johnson won the vote with the support of 211 Conservative members of Parliament, 59 percent of the total. Out of 359 MPs, 148, or 48 percent, voted against him. However, Iain Duncan Smith has warned that Mr Johnson is now "on probation" after successfully surviving the no-confidence vote. Lord Duncan, speaking to the BBC Scotland’s Sunday Show, said: "He’s got a task ahead of him right now. DON'T MISSBrexit impasse could break with Boris Johnson resignation [INSIGHT]BBC hits back at viewers accusing broadcaster of 'editing' booing clip [ANALYSIS]Patel vows to take on challengers to Rwanda deal after court ruling [INSIGHT]  "He is on probation. "If he fails that probation, the Tory party will do what it always does with leaders who are not delivering, they will remove him." Referring to Mr Johnson, Lord Duncan added: "He probably is in troubled waters. "If you can make people, almost, forget what has happened over the last few months, then he has a slim chance of carrying on. "But I would have thought that would be very slim." 