The dogs, who are the Queen's favourite breed, enjoyed a walk around the Aberdeenshire royal estate before posing for photos. It was organised by the Corgi Society of Scotland and the UK Corgi Club.   The event brought together dozens of Cardigan Welsh and Pembroke Welsh corgis. Her Majesty has owned over 30 Corgis and Dorgis, which is a cross between a corgi and a dachshund, during her 70 year reign.  Most of the dogs have been descended from her first corgi Susan which was given to her on her 18th birthday in 1944. Susan also reportedly gatecrashed her honeymoon three years later, smuggled beneath a rug in the royal carriage after her wedding to Prince Philip.   The dog died in 1959 and is buried in the cemetery on the Sandringham estate in Norfolk. Hilary Greensill, a member of the Cardigan Welsh Corgi Association lauded the "fantastic" atmosphere.  She said: "We have been to Balmoral before and with it being the Platinum Jubilee year, the estate approached us and suggested we might like to come back in the summer time. "It is a really nice opportunity to showcase the breeds and how much fun they are and help celebrate the Platinum Jubilee with dogs the Queen is fond of." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'surprised' by William's 'frosty' reaction  "It has been fantastic, very very jolly and noisy, lots of barking, and lots of fun. "We have had the most glorious day and the sun has been shining down and that has made everyone really happy."  Corgis have become an integral part of British history since being introduced into the Royal Family during King George VI's reign. King George VI brought home the family's first corgi in 1933 three years before he became King. DON'T MISS:  Duke fumes after UK crowds heckle him and Meghan [REVEAL] Queen last-minute diary change scuppers Harry and Meghan Netflix plan  [INSIGHT] Royal Jubilee: Andrea Bocelli leaves royals and fans emotional [SPOTLIGHT]    The dog was officially named Rozavel Golden Eagle. Her Majesty sees the dogs not just as beloved pets but also a link to her childhood.  Seven years after the Queen's coronation in 1960 corgi registrations peaked at nearly 9,000 puppies. In 2009, the Pembroke Welsh Corgi was added to the Kennel Club's 'At Watch' list for the first time - this is a list of British breeds whose annual registrations number between 300 and 450 a year. 