Motoring experts have warned drivers that the Platinum Jubilee traffic chaos will start today as British drivers are predicted to make over 2.5 million car journeys on Wednesday. If motorists are planning on setting off today, they should do so after 10am. The RAC has urged motorists to avoid travelling before 10am today. The experts also revealed the worst traffic hotspots that motorists will face on the roads. Drivers have been warned of particularly heavy congestions on the M25 anticlockwise between junction four and junction one. Motorists should also avoid the A303 west towards Solstice Park and the A36. READ MORE: EV driver receives fine after waiting in queue to charge his car Unfortunately for anyone planning to get away this Platinum Jubilee bank holiday, traffic conditions will get much worse on Thursday and Friday. According to the RAC, around 20 million holiday-makers will hit the road towards the end of the week. The experts said that Friday June 3 will be the busiest day with an estimated 3.6 million motorists on the road. The worst times to travel on Friday will be between 7am and 2pm. DON'T MISS 15-year-old girl caught teaching dad how to drive [SHOCKING] Drivers face £2,500 fines for arguing while driving [REVEAL] Young motorists are now safer drivers compared to the elderly [INSIGHT] Motorists have been urged to avoid the A303 and the M25 where traffic conditions will be the worst. Thursday will also prove tricky for anyone planning a road trip. An estimated 3.3 million drivers will take to the roads. Motorists have been advised not to travel between 9am and 2pm. The most congested traffic hotspots will include the M5 and the M25. Sunday, on the other hand, will be the quietest day during the upcoming back holiday. The RAC expects 2.3 million motorists to travel on the last day of the Platinum Jubilee. RAC traffic spokesman Rod Dennis said: “Drivers clearly see a double bank holiday this close to the summer as a gift with so millions eager to make the most of it – although many appear keen to keep their car journeys short, perhaps mixing a daytrip or two with a Jubilee celebration at home. "The fact the bank holidays coincide with the end of half-term in many places has the potential to put some extra pressure on the road network, so planning a journey carefully is important to beat the worst of any queues. "The best way for drivers to avoid breaking down this week is to check over their vehicles before setting out – yet our research shows less than a fifth do this routinely. "Making sure oil, coolant and screenwash are all at the right levels takes just minutes, as does ensuring tyres are free of damage and are inflated properly. "A bit of TLC now could make the difference between a straightforward trip and one beset by a breakdown."