Camilla Parker Bowles joined Prince Charles as the couple entered the Ascot racecourse in the first of the three royal carriages. In the second carriage was the Earl and Countess of Wessex, Edward and Sophie, while Princess Beatrice sat in the third. Camilla looked ravishing in an all-white outfit and matching hat. The Duchess opted for a white dress with a large, wide-brimmed hat to protect her face from the sun. The hat also featured a thick ribbon around its middle. Camilla accessorised the outfit with strings of pearls around her neck and a pair of stud earrings. READ MORE: Biggest WhatsApp update in years is now available on your phone The Duchess’ necklace was a chunky choker featuring four strings of pearls clasped together with a diamond brooch. Described by the jewellery experts at The Court Jeweller as “one of the absolute workhorses of Camilla’s jewel collection”, this necklace has been worn by the Duchess many times. It is the perfect day necklace as the brooch as it’s centre is smaller than some of the other brooches – or stones – featured on Camilla’s pearl necklaces. This was the pearl choker the Duchess wore to the races yesterday too, matched with a pair of dangling pearl earrings.  Today, Camilla chose to wear a pair of large gold and silver stud earrings. Underneath her four-string pearl choker was another necklace: a thin gold chain. Camilla’s hair was neatly blow dried underneath her hat, and her make-up look was subtle. She wore a little eyeshadow, bronzer, and a light pink lip. Royal fans were quick to praise Camilla’s white outfit on social media this afternoon. Twitter user @camilla17071947 said: “Camilla is absolutely glorious in white.” Camilla was at Ascot yesterday too, marking the first day of the races. For the occasion, she donned a teal blue dress with a matching wide-brimmed hat. The hat was adorned with ribbon and a large blue rose on the side. As for accessories, Camilla wore the same pearl choker as she wore today, as well as dangling pearl earrings, and a silver brooch. The brooch was studded with tiny diamonds and was in the shape of a knot. The Duchess completed her look with silver bracelets and a matching silver clutch bag.