RAC Fuel Watch currently reports that all prices are “likely to rise” with unleaded petrol costing 186.59p per litre and diesel at 192.48p per litre. To combat the massive price increases, experts have been urging drivers to make small changes to their driving habits to cut down on their usage and their bills. One of the key steps that drivers are urged to do is remove excess weight from the car. By removing anything on the roof of the car, the drag on the car will dramatically decrease and keep the car more aerodynamic. Roof racks and boxes all add to fuel consumption and can use up to 25 percent more fuel than without by impacting its aerodynamics. On average, this will cost drivers around £3.15 more over a 100-mile journey. READ MORE: Hidden features in your car you never knew existed Even an empty roof rack uses up to 15 percent more fuel. CarShop’s Ben Scholes urged drivers to use some of the fuel-saving tips to boost their efficiency and lower their costs at the petrol station. He added:  “It’s more important than ever to consider how we drive and maintain our motors too. “Just a few changes to how we drive – and how we look after our cars – can save us a pretty penny on fuel costs over time. DON'T MISSPetrol stations reveal the ‘shocking’ amount of money they make [SHOCKING]Furious drivers appalled by Government scrapping of EV grant [REACTION]Motorists will be 'pleasantly surprised' when using hypermiling tricks [INSIGHT] “And, let’s face it, this has never been more important.” More technical aspects of motoring can also help reduce fuel consumption, including using the right specification of engine oil. Drivers should check their vehicle handbook to see what engine oil they should use, as most Modern engines are built with finer tolerances and therefore require thinner oils. Those with lower viscosity can improve fuel economy by around three percent, saving around 26p per 50-mile journey in an average diesel car. According to PetrolPrices.com, all UK regions are paying more than 50p per litre for diesel and unleaded compared to the same day last year. In the first week of 2021, the average price for unleaded petrol was 117.19p per litre, with drivers seeing steady increases through to early December when prices hit an average of 147.37ppl. The Russian invasion of Ukraine saw global oil prices rise, causing domestic petrol and diesel prices to spike. By the end of March, the average price of unleaded stood at 170.38ppl, followed by a lull after the 5p fuel duty cut. Average prices are now at 187.93ppl, with a worrying expectation that there may be more increases to come. Diesel was massively affected by the Russian invasion with prices rising an average of 7p per litre higher than petrol, when previous levels were only around 2p higher. This surge in the price of fuel has translated to spending around £25 more to fill an average tank. Northern Ireland saw the biggest increase in petrol prices since last year, with a 61.54p difference, followed by Yorkshire with a 58.15p difference. In the time, between June 2021 and 2022, South West England saw the smallest increase, going from 131.30p per litre to 185.54p, representing a 54.25p difference. Scotland, North West England and Northern Ireland all saw average prices for diesel increase more than 60p compared to last June.