But more unusual causes of things like dry eyes and sneezing come from wearing jewellery, getting a tattoo – and even drinking wine. Of those who do experience seasonal allergies, the warmer months from May to August are when they are worst hit, with one in four (26 percent) of these often experiencing severe reactions. It emerged more than half (54 percent) of those with allergies have learnt to live with their symptoms, and have not explored ways they can help to keep them at bay. While seven in ten (71 percent) have even self-diagnosed themselves with an allergy. Anshu Kaura, pharmacist at LloydsPharmacy, which commissioned the research, said: “It’s clear from our research that allergic reactions are not only extremely common amongst Brits, but are also not mild and can often be really debilitating, making it incredibly difficult to continue with their everyday lives. “That’s why it is so important for those who do live with allergies – especially those that flare up seasonally – to speak to a pharmacist or GP to know exactly what is causing them, so they can get the best possible support to mitigate the symptoms.” The research went on to reveal itchiness, a runny nose, and watering eyes are the most severe and common impacts of seasonal allergies. But worryingly, nearly one in four (23 percent) of those who experience allergies say their symptoms can make them struggle for breath. It was also highlighted how allergies are impacting people’s lives – with one in five saying their reactions to seasonal changes limit what they feel they can confidently do in everyday life. In fact, nearly two-thirds (63 percent) have actively avoided doing something because they are concerned about the impact of an allergy. More than one in three (36 percent) have dodged going outside at certain times of the day – and 25 percent have ducked out of picnics. Allergies are also having an impact on romantic lives, with over one in ten (13 percent) admitting to declining a date because they were conscious about an outbreak of symptoms. Three in five (61 percent) Brits who have seasonal allergies have consulted a professional about their problems because they have been so bad. Of these, nearly half visited their GP (46 percent), while 26 percent sought advice from a specialist, and 20 percent paid a visit to a local pharmacist. Despite this, more than a quarter (28 percent) said they find it hard to know who to speak with about allergies. And 33 percent claim it is difficult to find out information about specific allergies, according to the research conducted via OnePoll. TOP 20 MOST COMMON ALLERGIES: