Mrs Hinch is a cleaning sensation who rose to stardom by sharing her top tips and tricks on social media. Three bestselling books later, the cleaning guru has inspired an army of Mrs Hinch fans who share their favourite hacks for getting household chores done. One Mrs Hinch fan, Kayleigh McLachlan, turned to Mrs Hinch's Cleaning Tips for help. She said: "Hi everyone. I’m wondering if anyone can recommend the best stain remover for clothes? "My kids have been back to school one day and already have their new white polo tops stained. "I used the Vanish Oxi Action spray and put in an anti-stain wash but as you can see the stains are still there." READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 80p hack to banish washing machine odours  Fellow Mrs Hinch fans flocked to the comments section to give their top tips for removing stains. Stacey Agnew previously had a stubborn stain: "I put a dishwasher tablet in the drum with my usual powder detergent and a full wash. "Whites came out brilliant." A packet of 80 Finish All in One Max Dishwasher Tablets costs £8.89. The Fairy Washing Up Liquid Original 433ml is available at Tesco for £1. Lindsey Brown added: "I always wash in the sink then spray with Elbow Grease, leave for a while and scrub in sink again." Hayley Bather also swears by these products.  She said: "Good old Fairy Liquid and spray Elbow Grease." A 500ml bottle of Elbow Grease All Purpose Degreaser is currently 90p on Amazon. The good thing about this tip is that it's super quick. "Leave for about 10 mins and wash with whites as normal." Nicola Jane Sheldon seconded this: "I always use Fairy Washing Up Liquid, wash in the machine and stick it on the line in the sun.  "I will leave it out a few days if I need to, then just wash it again - never had to throw any of my little ones' clothes out." Janet Baker suggested a handy tool for removing stains: "I've always found hand washing the stain with Fairy Washing Up Liquid first works well if it's a stubborn stain. "I use an old tooth brush then pop it into the washing machine with more Fairy on the stain." Donna Jarvis said: "I’ve tried all sorts, best thing I have found is Stardrops White Vinegar." Cleaning enthusiasts can get a 750ml bottle of Stardrops White Vinegar Multi Surface Cleaner Spray from Amazon for £4.21.