Prince Charles, 73, and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, 74, had starring roles in the popular soap opera EastEnders on Thursday evening. The royal couple made the appearance towards the end of the episode, where they were introduced to many members of the cast by Danny Dyer and Kellie Bright, who play the popular Mick and Linda Carter. They interweaved their charitable endeavours, such as the Prince’s Trust and Camilla’s work for ending sexual abuse and domestic violence into the episode.  What was their body language like? Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to analyse the couple’s acting debut. She said: “An appearance like this should show the more accessible, fun side of the couple and they do play themselves very well. “So convincingly in fact that at times it looks as though they think they are on a genuine visit to genuine people READ MORE: Princess Eugenie must be 'selective with her food choices' in Portugal  “Especially when Camilla commiserates over a death and Charles thanks Sonia for working on the front line as a medical worker.” Did the cast play their roles well as they were surrounded by royalty? Judi added: “The cast’s acting works in much the same way, with some seeming to blur the lines between reality and acting. “Camilla probably emerges with the best profile glow-up, especially as she trades banter over a bottle of rum with Patrick."  “Unlike Charles she is barely heard to speak on their real visits so even this acted version sounds like a plug for her ability to chat well one-to-one with a more down-to-earth manner,” the expert opined. How was their performance received by EastEnders fans? Judi commented: “For fans of the soap this is a bit of a disrupter, dragging them away from plotlines and characters they have a partial subconscious belief in by putting some ‘real’ people into the mix. “But for Charles and Camilla it is an only slightly toe-curling opportunity to show they are good sports and more in touch with popular culture than people might imagine.”  The BBC confirmed the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall would be appearing in an episode earlier this month. At the end of the episode, a special theme tune in tribute to the royal appearance aired. The tune had been composed by the original theme tune composer Simon May. Chris Clenshaw, Executive Producer, said: “To have Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall not only visit us all in Walford but to also appear in an episode, we felt it was only right that we marked this extremely momentous episode with a fitting tribute and what better way than to wish Their Royal Highnesses on their way from Albert Square than with a special Jubilee version of our iconic theme tune, remastered by the very talented Simon May.” The scenes were filmed in March earlier this year when the royal couple visited the EastEnders set.  In a touching moment, Camilla placed a purple ribbon on a tree planted by Karen Taylor (Lorraine Stanley) for victims of domestic abuse. The Duchess of Cornwall said: “This is for your daughter. “This is for all victims of domestic abuse. “It’s very important she’s remembered. “My heart goes out to you, a lot of people have lost children.” 