The average broadband bill is around £30 a month according to experts, yet many British households could be saving hundreds of pounds over the course of a year. Millions of people could be missing out on huge discounts available through social tariffs. Some 10 million people are estimated to be eligible for cheaper broadband because they are on low incomes, yet as little as one in six (15 percent) apply for them. Many vulnerable households have not signed up to a social tariff they could be eligible for, yet it could save them up to £234 a year on their broadband bills. BT broadband's home essentials package is for people claiming Universal Credit, Pension Credit, Employment and Support Allowance and Jobseeker’s Allowance. More than four million households could apply for the BT package which costs £15 a month and promises speeds of up to 36 megabits per second (Mbps). READ MORE: 'Far from the end!' Martin Lewis signals further interest rate rises Uswitch recently found that two-thirds of financially vulnerable households were unaware these social tariffs existed. They could be saving up to £20 per month on a cheaper broadband deal. Ernest Doku, broadband expert at Uswitch.com, said it’s more important than ever for people to check their entitlement to things like cheaper broadband. He said: “At a time when the cost of living is soaring for many households, more need to be aware of the deals that might be available to those customers who struggle the most." DON'T MISS'Strong impact on savers!' Bank of England raises interest rates [ALERT]State pension could be slashed long term due to a key July change [WARNING]Martin Lewis shares the 'best thing' to do with inheritance money [INSIGHT] He continued: “With almost three quarters of people having never heard of social tariffs, it’s not surprising that take-up isn’t as high as it could be. “Social tariffs are an important way for financially vulnerable households to get a decent service at a lower cost, and providers like BT, Virgin Media, Community Fibre, Hyperoptic and others are doing their bit to help out.” The BT offer is available to both new and existing customers so people who are already with BT can get in touch and ask to change tariffs. Virgin Media also offers Universal Credit claimants speeds of about 15 Mbps for £15 a month. Meanwhile, anyone who doesn’t already have broadband installed can actually get it for free if they are looking for work. This initiative is available to people who aren’t working to help them look for work online and prepare for job interviews. It was launched last year thanks to a collaboration with TalkTalk and the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). In the first instance people should talk to the DWP to find out if they are eligible. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea How can I claim free broadband? TalkTalk provides referral codes to the DWP and these codes are then passed onto eligible customers so they can use them to pre-pay the service from the fund. The customers then call TalkTalk directly using a dedicated number to redeem and get set up. To claim, people will need to speak to their work coach and ask about the Flexible Support Fund.