Aries (Mar21/Apr20) Someone seems to think you have taken on more than you can handle. Although annoying, their watchfulness is more concern than criticism. It may be that they know you better than you think and this is your chance to ease your load by accepting help that is offered. Taurus (Apr21/May21) A working relationship comes under the microscope. You may have underestimated the influence a colleague has on a project you are involved in. They have the power to bring things to a halt or to allow the work to continue. Gemini (May22/June21) Getting a balance between work and play is vital now. People are relying on you to fulfil obligations and you need to prove you do take your responsibilities seriously. In finances don't take anything for granted. Cancer (June22/July23) No matter how much time and effort you put into it, a job you are working on will seem to make little progress. Just as you are about to give in, someone or something will come along to help you achieve your aims. READ MORE: Star sign: Best dog for each star sign - 'perfect' compatibility Leo (July24/Aug23) It's all about keeping up appearances if you want to impress someone who matters. The problem is, the more you act, dress and behave in a way other people expect of you, the more you lose touch with the real you. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) Negotiating the sale of property or possessions will not be as easy as you first anticipated. An offer received could be changed and this will put you in two minds about whether or not to go ahead with this transaction.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) You want to act on your ideas to get out of a rut and to add more excitement into your life. A chance to improve your lifestyle will be offered. If it has already come up in conversation, this would be a good time to set up home with a partner. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) Someone will ask for a favour as the week begins. You won't have the time to help out and although it is true there is only so much you can do in a day, a feeling of remorse might strike you later. You may regret not having helped someone who needed it. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) Someone will ask you to give a new job or arrangement a chance before deciding it isn't for you. Intuitively you feel you aren't going to like this but to please them you will go along with their request. Even so, this should not prevent you from looking at other alternatives. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) You can't be too careful in a group situation. Someone who is asking questions may use information received in a way that causes upset and argument. Disagreements will have a negative effect overall on relationships. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) New arrangements will have to be made when an event or appointment is cancelled at the eleventh hour. A partner or housemate won't be happy with this change of plans and despite what they think, you aren't doing this to upset them. Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) You can't do right for doing wrong. Obstacles seem to arise to cause problems with almost everything you attempt. You're getting annoyed with yourself and with others too who aren't exactly being helpful. Someone close will know how to soothe your ruffled feathers.