A National Insurance scam is once again circulating as fraudsters try to get their hands on Britons’ hard-earned cash. A number of people have reported receiving a phone call, with an automated message informing them about an issue with their National Insurance number. The message tells the person there have been “unethical financial transactions” supposedly associated with their number. They are then informed their National Insurance number is set to be terminated in a “final warning”. In order to resolve the alleged issue, Britons are then prompted to press one on their receiver to obtain further details. However, this is all part of an elaborate ruse which has been deployed many times by fraudsters. READ MORE: State pensioners warned ‘do not ignore letters’ as payment change due The call is a phishing attempt, which could lead to serious consequences such as identity theft and an individual’s bank account being cleared. In some cases, Britons have been threatened with arrest or legal action against them in the message. However, this is a sinister tactic from the scammers designed to make people panic and comply with their wishes. Anyone who responds to this call could reveal personal details which are likely to put their finances in danger. DON'T MISSNationwide offers 2% interest rate and £125 to switch [INSIGHT]Premium Bonds: NS&I dispels ‘popular myth’ about winning chances [EXPLAINED]Britons warned they could miss out on £650 cost of living payment [UPDATE] As a result, it is vital anyone who comes into contact with this scam immediately puts the phone down. Individuals may also wish to block the number to avoid being contacted in this way again. In the last few days, a number of people have taken to social media to report a fresh spate of the scam, and warn others to stay vigilant. Twitter user @bubbaslondon wrote: “Hi everybody, I just received a call saying my National Insurance is at risk and to press number one on my keypad. “Please block and report as this is a scam.” The worried @p0wurdead added: “Guys I almost got caught up in a scam for my National Insurance number. These people are wild. “I feel so bad for the elderly and people who’s English isn’t strong. “He threatened me saying all my banks and accounts will be suspended and all my activity would be blacklisted.” @DaveYuu63 said: “I received a scam claiming to be about National Insurance payments. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “Thing is, some of them sound so convincing, it’s no wonder some people get taken by them.” While @LeePeter6779 added: “It’s a recorded message saying that your National Insurance is a risk and to stop this you must press number one on your keypad. “When you do this you get put through to a scammer who tries to scam you.” Those who are concerned about scams have been encouraged to report the matter to Action Fraud, or if in Scotland, Police Scotland. These authorities can investigate the matter further, to see what can be done to protect Britons. Those who believe they may have parted with sensitive bank details are encouraged to reach out to their bank straight away.