A painting of Prince William and Kate Middleton, which was commissioned last year, was unveiled as a gift to the people of Cambridgeshire. It showed a suited Duke of Cambridge standing side-by-side with emerald dress-wearing wife Kate. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge shared the portrait to the couple's joint @KensingtonRoyal Twitter account. The portrait was painted by award-winning artist Jamie Coreth. Mr Coreth has been described as “one of Britain’s leading portrait artists” who “focuses on the character of his sitters, evoking a sense of their presence in his work” on his website. He met with the Duke and Duchess as the couple viewed the painting on Thursday. JUST IN: 'So deeply appreciated' Meghan Markle sends wishes to US mums in 'moving' tribute After looking at the painting, Prince William said: “It’s quite big.” The Duke also told Mr Coreth it was “amazing”. Mr Coreth also expressed his own delight in producing the painting. He said it was the “most extraordinary privilege of my life to be chosen to paint this picture”. READ MORE: US gun row as British reporter told to 'go back to your country' by angry Republic Mr Coreth added: “I wanted to show Their Royal Highnesses in a manner where they appeared both relaxed and approachable, as well as elegant and dignified. “As it is the first portrait to depict them together, and specifically during their time as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, I wanted the image to evoke a feeling of balance between their public and private lives. “The piece was commissioned as a gift for the people of Cambridgeshire, and I hope they will enjoy it as much as I have enjoyed creating it.” Mr Coreth's portrait will be loaned to the National Portrait Gallery during 2023 as the gallery reopens its doors. DON'T MISSHow much does the Royal Family cost the UK taxpayer? [ANALYSIS]Can the Queen declare war? [EXPLAINER]Harry SHOULD apologise to William but ‘too late’ [POLL] Fans of the Firm also took to social media to make their thoughts on the portrait known. TV presenter Rylan Clark replied: “That's gorgeous to be fair.” Another user, operating under the handle @RoyallyBelle_, added: “This is absolutely stunning. I’m in awe.” @DukeandDuchess12 added: “Incredible portrait, the artist managed to make it glamorous at the same time accessible.”