Meghan Markle looked ravishing as she attended the Salute to Freedom Gala on November 10, 2021. But this wasn't the first time a royal wowed in a plunging red number, with Sophie, Countess of Wessex rocking the trend a decade before. The Duchess of Sussex turned heads when she stepped out in a floor-length red gown by designer Caroline Herrera. The dress featured two thin straps and a plunging neckline. It had a thin piece of ribbon at the waist to cinch the Duchess in. The dress also had a stylish slit up one side, unveiling Meghan's slender legs. READ MORE: Kate & Beatrice step out in nearly identical outfits - pictures She chose a red poppy, white earrings, a white bracelet and a gold bangle for accessories. The Duchess also opted for red velvet slingback heels with a trendy diamond clasp. These were from the luxury Italian footwear brand Giuseppe Zanotti, costing £260. As for her hair and makeup, Meghan opted for a slicked-back bun and a dewy look. For a pop of colour, she went for a pale pink lip and a striking flick of purple eyeliner. But while Meghan looked breathtaking, she wasn't the first royal to try this look. Ten years prior, on the eve of Prince William and Kate Middleton's wedding, Sophie Wessex attended a pre-wedding dinner in a similar red number. She donned a scarlet Bruce Oldfield gown, which boasted two straps - a little thicker than Meghan's - and a similarly plunging neckline. The bodice was unique and had a layered look, while the skirt of the dress fell straight to the floor. While the Duchess of Sussex went for a more minimal jewellery look, the Countess of Wessex went all out. She wore gold and diamond drop earrings in the shape of flowers and an extravagant large gold and diamond necklace. As for shoes, she opted for nude pumps. Royal fans flocked to Instagram to compare the two looks. @kayj141111 said: "Sophie looks gorgeous." In a post dedicated to Meghan Markle's most iconic looks, @desireedietz commented: "Long before she was a Duchess I always wanted to be able to dress like her. She always looks so chic, always great shoes, too." @sab_marst added: "Modern queen, love her."