Meghan Markle is over in the UK for the Platinum Jubilee, and all eyes will be on her to see what she’s wearing and what messages she is choosing to send with her clothes. The designer of Princess Diana’s wedding dress, David Emanuel, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk and predicted what some of the royals will wear for the occasion. The expert expanded on whether the royals should wear British designers to celebrate the Queen’s milestone.  “I always say that,” Mr Emanuel commented. “British designers should design for the British Royal Family, and they’re generally well supported by the British designers. “I'm waving the flag for British designers because we have wonderful designers in this country. “To me, you’d expect the royals to support that.  READ MORE: Are shops open on Jubilee bank holiday? Aldi, Tesco, IKEA and more “The Queen, all her life, was wearing Norman Hartnell and a bit of Hardy Amies. “So yes, come on and support the British designers, we’re good!” Mr Emanuel went on to discuss royal wedding dresses and how he thinks they should pick British designers as a general rule. He expanded on the Duchess of Sussex’s wedding gown which she wore back in 2018.  Mr Emanuel opined: “I was disappointed with Meghan Markle’s dress. “She was in Givenchy which is a French house, I mean come on! “She stepped out and made a big bold statement ‘I'm going to wear a French house’. “As we know, Givenchy was responsible for dressing Audrey Hepburn, very chic numbers and hers was very understated, but I was disappointed in that.”  The Queen wore Norman Hartnell for her wedding, and Princess Diana, of course, wore a dress designed by David Emanuel and his former wife, Elizabeth Emanuel. In 2011, Kate Middleton wowed royal fans in a British dress by Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen. What could have improved Meghan’s dress from Mr Emanuel’s point of view? He added: “I felt so they should have sent over a fitter. “All brides, whether they’re excited or a bit nervous, lose weight.  “It’s a natural fact and I say to all brides, don't leave it too late and don't leave it too early to get fitted. “Get the appointment as near as you can to the date, because brides' bodies change. “I would say it could have done with another fitting personally. "With Meghan, other than a French gown, the veil was embroidered with all the flowers of the Commonwealth and that was lovely. "It was done by the Royal School of Needlework, who I work with, and they did a fabulous job." This interview was made possible by Emarsys. Click here to view Emarsys’ Jubilee shopping research. 