Zara Tindall, 41, the daughter of Princess Anne, looked radiant today in a girlish floral dress and sunglasses at the Platinum Jubilee Pageant in front of Buckingham Palace. The Olympian appeared to be wearing a Zimmermann floral eyelet dress with Illesteva sunglasses. The dress was ankle-length with a tie around the waist and puffed, three-quarter-length sleeves. The dress also had a delicate trim around the high neck and a concealed back zip. The beautiful garment also has small holes in it, known as “eyelets”. Zara teamed the look with tortoise shell “Leonard” sunglasses from Illesteva. The royal styled her blonde hair with soft curls to her shoulders and paired the look with small, gold hoops. READ MORE: Princess Charlotte steals the show as she makes surprise appearance According to Revolve.com, the sunglasses cost £189. On We Select Dresses, the Zimmerman dress cost $850 (£680). The dress is remarkably similar to a dress Princess Mary of Denmark was seen wearing at a trade dinner in Seoul in May 2019. Mary paired the dress with nude peep toe heels.  DON'T MISSUS 'bewildered' why Meghan holds duchess title after royal swipes [INSIGHT]Duke fumes after UK crowds heckle him and Meghan [UPDATE]Zara Tindall's girls Mia, 8, and Lena, 3, spotted with Mike [ANALYSIS] She also wore a thin gold bangle on her wrist and diamond earrings. The royal wore her brunette hair scooped off her face and teamed the look with a nude clutch bag. Mary was pictured with Crown Prince Frederik of Denmark at the trade dinner. The dinner celebrated the 60th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic ties between the two countries. Zara was photographed alongside her daughter Lena Tindall and Labour leader Keir Starmer at today’s event. Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall, was also in attendance at today’s Platinum Pageant. The Duchess of Cornwall looked stylish in white. She wore a tweed jacket with a black and white dress underneath.  The dress she wore had black detail around the neckline. Camilla also wore a silver brooch, a pearl necklace and pearl earrings. Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, was also spotted at the event wearing a stunning pink dress by Alexander McQueen. She wore the dress with statement earrings.