Fraudsters are using a cruel new scam to con people of thousands of pounds. Santander is warning customers to be on their guard as the bank has seen cases of the new bank fraud increase. The scam starts when a fraudster contacts their victim – usually by phone, although it can also be by text message, email or via social media. The scammer pretends they are getting in touch from the victim's bank, the police, National Crime Agency or other official body. Then the fraudster falsely warns their victim that their bank account has been "compromised" - claiming it is now dangerous to use their own name and personal details to set up a new account. They tell them that a "safe" account will have to be set up in a different name. READ MORE: Attendance Allowance: Pensioners with heart disease may be able to get extra £369 a month Santander revealed it has even seen cases where scammers use a trusted family member to deceive victims. This variation of safe account fraud manipulates the trust between family members and loved ones. The victim moves their money to a family or trusted friend's account. But after a few days, the fraudster then gets back in touch with the victim and informs them that a new bank account has been set up on their behalf and it is safe for their trusted loved one to transfer the money into it. Therefore if the victim's loved one receives a notification from their own bank that the new account details given do not match up with the name of the victim, they are unfazed and agree to authorise the payment. Sadly, the safe account is nothing of the sort. In fact, it is simply an account owned by the fraudster. Once transferred out of the loved one's account, the money disappears and the fraudster cannot be contacted – or even traced. Mr Ainsley continued: “By getting customers to transfer to a friend or family member in the first instance, it gives scammers more time to set up an account to receive the money back into – and also helps to lull victims into a false sense of security. “That is, that their money is being guarded by a friend before it is sent to the new account.” On its website Santander said: “While there’s no one-size-fits-all approach when it comes to protecting yourself from fraudulent activity, we’ve put together a list of things that can help you spot and avoid fraud and scams. “Always think carefully before making a payment, especially if it’s a lot of money for you. “Speak to someone you trust first, like a friend or family member, before making payments. “Pay extra attention to the warnings we provide when making a payment. “They’re in place to help you bank safely and avoid being scammed."