While vitamins and minerals are mainly used to boost low levels of essential nutrients and stave off disease, some potentially dangerous side effects have been popping up. One product that might also be problematic is aconite. “I strongly advise you to keep off aconite supplements,” said Nataly Komova, fitness expert at JustCBD. Derived from a namesake plant, aconite’s root is used for medicinal purposes. However, even the plant itself contains certain poisonous chemicals which can be harmful for your health. The supplement is used to target various problems, including joint pain, inflammation, gout and even hair loss. READ MORE: High cholesterol: Cramp in five areas of the body can signal a build-up in the arteries   Aconite might also be sometimes used as a disinfectant to treat wounds. The reason why the expert recommended against the supplements is their side effects. Mrs Komova said: “They have more potential side effects such as nausea, fatigue, breathing difficulties, or heart problems than the expected benefits of lowering inflammation and joint ache.” MedicineNet advises against all aconite use, warning that especially the root is “unsafe” when taken by mouth.  The health portal shares: “All species of the plant are dangerous, and so are processed products. “Aconite contains a strong, fast-acting poison that causes severe side effects.” Apart from the problems that the expert listed, aconite is also linked to vomiting, weakness and death. MedicineNet stresses that pregnant women shouldn’t even use aconite cream or lotions. Holland & Barrett notes that certain aconite supplements should be only taken for a short time. They share that the only time to take the supplement for a longer term is when you’ve been instructed by a practitioner to do so. When it comes to the dose of this product, MedicineNet explains to always consult your pharmacist or a doctor. “Keep in mind that natural products are not always necessarily safe and dosages can be important,” they add. The appropriate dose of the supplements might depend on various factors, ranging from age to other conditions. MedicineNet explains there’s not enough research to determine a certain range for the correct dosage. That’s why it’s necessary to consult a medical professional before starting the use of this supplement. However, Komova advised against it due to its potentially harmful effects.