Something had rattled the customary inscrutability. What happened? Joe Biden had had the temerity to utter some intemperate remarks.. which seemed to hit a nerve. Mr Biden, for his part, was never really one to shy away from getting in your face, his capacity for a verbal slugfest is legendary, developed over his 45 years of public service. Since winning the presidency though he is showing an increasing inclination to pepper his remarks with cognitively factual inconsistencies. Drivel in other words. This is worrisome. Is the Chinese political hierarchy so encouraged by Biden’s weakness that they feel emboldened to have a go? To his credit US Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin played a thoughtful innings, batting away much of China's mischief making. He gamely stuck to the plan, unequivocally reiterating the US policy position on Taiwan. China on the other hand is now making noises clearly aimed at eventually governing the Taiwan Strait. It is just the latest chess move in China's clear desire to dominate world events and in time to dominate the world. Just take a look at the checklist: Starting with their unilateral proclamation of almost the entire geographical area of the South China Sea being sovereign Chinese territory. Then the Belt and Road policy of co-opting financially limited developing or third world countries into a debt trap. We might also consider the malignant manoeuvres in the Himalaya region, both in Tibet and India, which already lead to violent confrontations over territorial disputes. Then, of course, we have China's appalling political meddling in Hong Kong that has effectively ended the former British colony's role as a financial and commercial hub. The list goes on. China has enormous economic strength, principally measured in massive GDP. The Chinese government championed by their CCP masters preside over an economic goliath, fully supported of course by the globalist elite in the nominally free world. But it is becoming increasingly obvious the Chinese authorities simply don’t play by universally practiced rules. They tend to do what suits them when it suits them to do it. And right now they are simply cooking the books. A global reset is needed urgently. A combination of accountability and a sharp reduction in placing all strategic global manufacturing in China is long overdue. The world cannot and must not be held hostage to China's runaway nationalistic ambition, and desire for conquest and control a moment longer. We live in dangerous times. Vladimir Putin continues to run amok in Ukraine, although he’s taking a well-earned hammering in doing so. Likewise, the CCP are seeking to dominate and control the world, stifling all dissent in the process.   In the UK we are witnessing an assault on our Commonwealth by CCP opportunists who are brazenly luring some of those member states into debt traps that will reap the most dreadful consequences. We thankfully ditched a major Chinese tech company from being involved in the development of our 5G network, but many of our educational institutions remain under threat from Chinese money and influence. There is a sinister common denominator extant in both the People’s Republic of China and the Russian Federation too - authoritarianism. Any opposition to the desired status quo, real or perceived, is ruthlessly suppressed by both. We have just departed one such authoritarian entity in the form of the EU, who by the way show an amazing collective ineptitude for push back against a combined Chinese/Russian authoritarian onslaught and the dire consequences that go with it. That’s not a hard one to understand though, since all authoritarians have an overwhelming need to control, the EU included. We have almost achieved Brexit and if our leadership has the bottle, then we can successively confront the other two authoritarian monsters. 