A traffic warden left a £50 penalty charge notice on the windshield of a car that had just arrived from war-torn Ukraine. The silver SUV with Ukrainian registration plates was parked in Church Street, Birmingham City Centre, without a ticket. The handwritten note, which was left on the car’s dashboard, stated the vehicle “just arrived” from Ukraine. The note read: "We have just arrived from Ukraine to 1 Victoria Square and don't have coins to pay for parking, only credit card. "Sorry. We will move about 10 pm." In order to park on Church Street, a ticket needs to be purchased from a nearby machine and displayed on the dashboard. READ MORE: Elderly driver fined £1,152 for overtaking cyclist too closely The owners of the car seemed to know this but left a note on their windscreen asking not to be fined instead. BirminghamLive reported that the address 1 Victoria Square belongs to office space rental agency Regus. Victoria Square is also home to the Council House and the Town Hall which may be where the owners of the car were heading. But, the warden who issued the ticket said the machine was compatible with card payments. DON'T MISS Drivers could be fined thousands for suffering from hay fever [REVEAL]Clean air zones are a ‘logistical nightmare’ for businesses [INSIGHT] Drivers warned not to keep soft drink cans and sun cream inside cars [ADVICE] Birmingham City Council also insisted the machine took digital payments. A Birmingham City Council spokesperson said: “The driver of a vehicle parked on Church Street on June 13, 2022 left a note explaining their circumstances. “They may not have known which car parks have machines that take card payments, so if they wish to challenge the PCN, they can do so via the council’s website – or only pay £25 if fine is paid within 14 days. "Cashless payments can be made either online or on mobile phones via RingGo – which accepts card or digital payments such as Apple Pay or Google Pay.” Since the war in Ukraine started on February 24, the UN has reported that more than seven million residents have fled to other European countries. The UK has taken in more than 160,000 refugees. The news comes after a man was slapped with a parking ticket at his wedding while waiting for the bride to arrive. A lorry decorated for a wedding was issued a parking ticket - as the groom sat waiting for his bride. Driver Dominic Marshall parked in a loading bay in Wokingham believing it was "an agreed space from the council". Mr Marshall, who was getting married in the town hall, parked the vehicle at around 2pm on Saturday, June 11. However, he was hit with a £70 ticket just nine minutes later, reported BerkshireLive. He explained he was "shocked" as he thought he had permission. He added: "The first traffic warden walked past and didn't say a word, and two minutes later his friend turned up and no matter what we did, it was getting a ticket, unless I drove it round the block. “Being the groom, I thought it was slightly more important that I was at the altar rather than driving round the block." After being issued a £70 fine on his special day, Mr Marshall decided to reach out to the local council. As a gesture of goodwill, the council decided to pay the fine.