Kim Fox (played by Tameka Empson) is struggling with her emotions in EastEnders after recently discovering Howie Danes (Delroy Atkinson) has feelings for her. The Kimfluencer was convinced her friend was interested in men and attempted to matchmake him before Howie told her the truth. However, will their love story be over before it’s even begun when Kim overhears her new beau talking to Patrick Trueman (Rudolph Walker)? In next week’s episodes, Kim encourages Howie to perform as a grime act at Lily Slater’s (Lillia Turner) birthday party. Howie’s reluctant but is forced into the situation by Kim. The party doesn’t go to plan but before the children’s entertainer can hit out at, she saves the day. Howie’s grateful and the pair open up to each other in a touching moment. Read more: EastEnders theory: Lily Slater in danger after running away Determined to move forward with her life, Kim leans in and kisses Howie. Although it seems as if the mum-of-two could finally get a shot at romance, Kim begins to panic. She tells Denise Fox (Diane Parish) that she’s not sure she can love again after Vincent Hubbard (Richard Blackwood). The concerned sister offers some advice leaving Kim confused over what to do. Will Kim throw herself into a new romance or will she call time on her friendship with Howie? Later, Kim overhears a conversation between Howie and Patrick. The Kimfluencer isn’t pleased with what she hears and things become awkward between the potential new lovers. Will an angry Kim head off to find comfort in another man’s arms? DON'T MISSEastEnders theory: Bernie Taylor blackmails Rainie over Stuart [THEORY]Why has Maddy Hill left EastEnders as Nancy Carter? [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Fresh heartbreak for Carters as Shirley murdered [SPOILER] Denise’s conversation may leave Kim fearing she’ll never love again and may convince her she has to do whatever it takes to move on. However, EastEnders fans will know Kim is a fiery character and she may lash out after overhearing Howie’s conversation. Later in the week, Kim boasts to a surprised Denise and Patrick about her relationship with Howie. The duo are taken aback by her odd behaviour around her new lover. Could Kim be feeling guilty about spending the night with another man? EastEnders fans will know the mum-of-two is one of the most confident Walford residents on the square. She’s known Howie for some time now and if she truly wanted to give their romance a try Denise and Patrick would be able to tell. If Kim does spend the night with a mystery lover she could find herself pregnant leaving Howie heartbroken. Will Kim and Howie be able to give their romance a chance or will they face too many obstacles? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.