Grant Shapps’ Department for Transport axed the Plug-in Car Grant last week. This in turn means that drivers planning on buying electric vehicles that cost less than £32,000 will no longer receive a £1,500 subsidy. Mr Shapps claimed that the grants were axed to allow the Government to focus on improving the EV charging network. He added that successive reductions in the size of the grant, and the number of models it covers, have had little effect on rapidly accelerating sales, or on the continuously growing range of models being manufactured. However, the news came as a blow for motorists planning on purchasing EVs. Experts at This is Money have now revealed that the sudden end to the scheme resulted in increased prices of electric cars. READ MORE: Driver fined £100 after parking for 25 minutes Drivers can now expect to pay £9,200 more on average for an electric car compared to the cheapest petrol equivalent. In addition, several EVs have shot up in price by £1,500 in a matter of days. The increase in cost has affected some of the most affordable EVs. For example, a Vauxhall Corsa-e is now 65 percent more expensive than the lowest-priced petrol version. DON'T MISS Plans to simplify electric car charging for drivers to promote switch [REVEAL] Motorists advised to use fuel-saving trick when at the petrol station [ADVICE] Traffic wardens striking - no parking fines may cost council £30k [INSIGHT] The Corsa-e is one of Britain's most popular new electric models in 2022 with a range of around 209 miles. The termination of the Plug-in Grant means the cheapest version of the vehicle costs £28,555. This is compared to the £17,340 for the entry Corsa with a petrol engine. The figures are roughly the same when it comes to other “affordable” battery-powered vehicles that had qualified for the £1,500 saving up until last week, according to This is Money’s research. Drivers who wish to buy the most affordable EVs currently available on the market can now expect to pay a premium of around £10,000 compared to the cheapest petrol equivalent. Before the grants were axed, 23 electric cars were eligible for the scheme. Some 15 of them had comparable petrol or petrol-hybrid equivalent. According to the research, the average price of these 15 EVs is £30,100 while their cheapest petrol alternatives cost an average of £20,862. This in turn means that buyers will have to fork out £9,238 for an EV. Mr Shapps claimed he will now support the purchase of other road vehicles, where the switch to electric requires further development. The DfT also made clear it will continue the drive towards net zero and ensure effective use of taxpayer funds. Some £300million will now be refocussed towards extending Plug-in Grants to boost sales of plug-in taxis, vans, trucks, motorcycles, and wheelchair-accessible vehicles. The shift in focus is also meant to help Boris Johnson eradicate “range anxiety” and make sure the transition to zero-emission transport is easy and convenient for all drivers across the UK. A statement released by the DfT added all existing applications for the grant will continue to be honoured.