Hotels in Majorca, in Spain's Balearic Islands, are exceeding occupancy levels this summer and some are reportedly putting up their prices. A report by the business association Pimem said eight out of 10 hotels in Majorca have increased their nightly fees this summer. The group said, however, that "loyal customers don't seem to mind". According to local Spanish newspaper Ultimahora.es "hotels in the main holiday areas of Majorca will stop sales over the next few weeks due to the great tourist demand that has occurred in recent weeks". This is "mainly from the European source markets and the United Kingdom". READ MORE: Cruise packing tips: 5 items you’re not allowed to take onboard  "The objective of the businesses is to avoid occupancy problems and encourage tourists to be diverted to hotels with occupancies lower than expected. "The tour operators TUI, FTI, DER Touristik, Alltours, Schauinsland, Jet2 Holidays and easyJet Holidays agree that they are exceeding all their reservation records to Majorca. "This is despite the competition of Greece, Croatia, Turkey and Egypt." According to the Majorcan source, hotels "have been overwhelmed by the avalanche of reservations, both via tour operators and online, since the end of May".  Recent data from AENA-Palma showed that Majorca airport exceeded the traffic figures and passenger movement in June compared to the same month in 2019. Last week, the airport registered nearly 850,000 passengers.  Business association Pimem explained: "Loyal customers prioritise value over price. "Most of the stays are longer than seven days. "And the promotion strategy is based on offering exclusive, personalised and dynamic services in recognition of their loyalty, instead of just the price offer. "The 2022 summer season will be the year of recovery, with numbers very similar to those of 2019. "Even being able to be surpassed if last-minute bookings remain on the current trend." President of the Hotel Association of Alcúdia-Can Picafort, Jaume Horrach, added: "The situation has turned around in the last two weeks and the arrival of tourists from the main European source markets is widespread." The restaurant management associations advised tourists to always book in advance. “Without prior reservation, it is very difficult to access a table. "Even more so with the massive arrival of tourists," they warned. Additional reporting from Rita Sobot.