Amanda Owen rose to fame with her Channel 5 show, Our Yorkshire Farm. The programme follows the Shepherdess, along with her husband Clive and their nine children as they go about the day-to-day duties of running Ravenseat Farm. Amanda also keeps her Twitter followers regularly updated about her life and goings-on at the farm. And as well as posting happy news about new lambs being born, the mum-of-nine also shares the sad news when one of their beloved animals dies. Discussing how she copes with the death of one of their flock, Amanda admitted: "I am utterly pathetic when one of my sheep dies. "I feel like a bit of a failure. The old adage of ‘when you have livestock you have deadstock’ is true. READ MORE: CSI Vegas season 2: Why is William Peterson leaving? "You have to put it behind you, you can’t dwell on it. Just recently we lost a ewe that had two lambs at foot. "You can’t shepherd or farm without accepting you are going to lose animals. It is part of the job." Speaking about the hardest and most rewarding thing about living in such a remote part of Yorkshire, Amanda continued: "You can lose yourself and distance yourself from everyone and everything. "Once I go out of that door to work it is back to basics. My home life is busy and chaotic, but my work life is solitary." "Too much of each one is not good, but living in a remote place gives me peace and quiet," she admitted. "The worst thing about living here is when there’s any kind of emergency. "Take last Tuesday, I had everything in place for my mare to foal. "On the day, we had no power on the farm due to repairs after storm Arwen." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street fans 'work out' Sonya's identity in Nicky DNA twist [SPOILERS]BBC Breakfast host pokes fun at Owain Wyn Evans' appearance [VIDEO]BBC Breakfast host worries fans after rush to hospital [REACTION] The power cut also meant poor Amanda was unable to get in touch with a vet. "It all went ok but I can feel a bit vulnerable," the farmer added. "You have to find an inner strength to deal with anything. You have to be able to cope in an emergency." Earlier this month, Amanda confirmed she and her husband Clive had decided to separate. In view of her 513,000 Instagram followers, Amanda penned: "Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate. "This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family. "Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together, with our number one priority the happiness and well-being of our children."  Our Yorkshire Farm is available to watch on My5.