Brighton University student Rachel Kennedy matched all seven EuroMillions numbers on February 26, 2021, which meant an incredible win of £182million. However, due to insufficient funds she and her boyfriend missed out on this life-changing win. Rachel and her boyfriend Liam played the numbers 6, 12, 22, 29, 33, 6 and 11 for five weeks before they hit the jackpot at the end of February. And when Rachel checked her National Lottery account, she saw the magic words "winning match" displayed. The 19-year-old immediately told her mum and boyfriend, 21-year-old Liam McCrohan, the incredible news. She called the National Lottery to confirm, only to receive some shocking news. READ MORE: How to look younger for £1 plus the 'key to youthful skin' While she had picked the winning numbers, Rachel's account did not have enough money in it for the payment of the ticket to go through. A EuroMillions ticket is priced at £2.50. Rachel was "on top of the world" when she thought she won, but her boyfriend was even more devastated, she told The Sun. The economics student had already spent some of the money in his head. He admitted he was "heartbroken", having envisioned a "dream" life for himself and Rachel, complete with a new house and car. Rachel will continue to play the National Lottery, but she will no longer be using 6, 12, 22, 29, 33, 6 and 11. The ill-fated lotto player now considers them to be unlucky. She revealed that there are two sets of numbers she has used when playing the lottery. The first numbers are sentimental dates such as family members' birthdays. The rest were just chosen at random. Rachel said that she isn't someone that wins a lot of competitions. She said she has the "worst luck" when it comes to competitions. As for who officially won the jackpot, it was claimed by someone in Switzerland. While Rachel and Liam did not win £182million, the National Lottery did share their sympathies with the couple. Organisers Camelot contacted the pair to wish them both good luck in future draws. They said they hope she gets in early for a chance to win the next huge draw.