Tommy Fury has reportedly recruited Shane McGuigan as his new trainer in preparation for his upcoming grudge match against Jake Paul on August 6. It is presently unclear what this means for his father and current trainer John Fury. Rumours began to circulate online last week that Fury would be calling upon the services of McGuigan. The British boxing trainer recently hinted that a new fighter would be joining the stable amidst growing speculation. But now, that fighter has been revealed to be Tommy Fury. According to No Smoke Boxing, the trainer change is expected to be announced at Wednesday’s press conference with McGuigan believed to be travelling to the United States, especially for it. Fury will be joining the likes of Daniel Dubois, Lawrence Okolie, Adam Azim, and Chris Billam-Smith at the McGuigan Gym should the move be completed. Fury’s Father John was originally touted to continue working with his son ahead of the Paul fight but due to an inability to attend the fight in America due to visa issues is expected to take a back seat for the August clash. For a time, the long-awaited showdown between Paul and Fury looked unlikely to happen. The pair were set to face each other in December of last year but the fight was cancelled after Fury sustained a rib injury and a bacterial infection in camp. After the pull-out Paul preceded to knock out former UFC welterweight champion Tyron Woodley in his place and claimed that fury had ‘blown his shot.’ But last gasp breakthrough discussion on Thursday meant the fight was given the green light. Taking to Twitter on Thursday, Jake Paul wrote: "Okay people he grew a set overnight. It’s official, I'm taking this little Fury’s head off. Amanda Serrano and I dual main event at the Mecca of boxing. Official press conference and ticket on sale this Wednesday, June 29th at 11 AM. #PaulFury." MORE BOXING NEWS... Tyson Fury gets fans to chant 'Jake Paul is a p***y' Chisora in another outburst as he claims to have hard-on for Pulev Julius Francis calls out Mike Tyson after being arrested for KO video On the same card, featherweight world champion Amanda Serrano defends her WBC and WBO belts against mandatory challenger Brenda Carabajal. Serrano was expected to rematch Katie Taylor next but has chosen to go back down in weight to defend her belts instead. Paul currently holds a professional record of 5-0 with wins over UFC stars Ben Askren and Tyron Woodley. While Fury is 8-0 having come off a career-best victory against then 10-1 polish prospect Daniel Bocianski.