A Scorpio Moon is always an intense one, especially coming after a balanced, easy-going and harmonious Libra. It can bring with it a heightened sense of resourcefulness and determination, which are always great energies for going after what you want. However, darker traits of jealousy and resentment never tend to be far from the surface, so watch out for this. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for June 10. Mercury will form a trine with Pluto today, which might signal answers and solutions for issues that might have escaped us in recent months. Cafe Astrology said: "A trine between Mercury and Pluto suggests an opportunity to gain a mental advantage. “Our mental faculties are attuned to otherworldly impressions, offering us increased insight, psychological understanding and awareness, and focused attention. “We are drawn to looking for truths and to unexplored topics and ideas.”  READ MORE: Avoid these shades' Colour psychology expert reveals best room colour  Mercury actually formed in this same aspect in April, and once again in retrograde, in May. You might have been looking to the past for answers, but now, in this transit, you might have more hope of realising them, according to Cafe Astrology. This planet positioning represents easy harmony to communicate with force or see and understand the deeper motivations of others. Cafe Astrology said: “We might discover new information that gives us an edge or finally “see” the truth of a matter that we’ve been avoiding.  “It’s a good time to let go of something that has kept us bound to harmful elements of the past.” This opens for a perfect segue into this evening’s Moon transition into Scorpio. Heightened perception and pensiveness can stir during these transits, which will go hand in hand with the afternoon’s trine-induced cognisance. Live About said: “Scorpio has emotional fortitude, and that makes this Moon's mood one of being willing to go there.  DON'T MISS:Flight attendant shares hotel room security tip [INSIGHT]‘Potent smell’ to keep wasps at bay in the garden during summer [EXPLAINED]Pests: ‘Natural deterrents’ to get rid of slugs and snails [ANALYSIS]    “You're willing to take the risk of a deeper look. If you've been overwhelmed, it's one for balancing the water element, with self-care. “You let the choppy waters reveal something, and then calm.” However, Scorpio Moons can also be highly transformational, according to The Moon School. It said: “As the sign of the shaman and the witch (and ruled by Pluto, no less) Scorpio is a sign that brings ego death like no other! Expect to be challenged. Expect to fall. And expect to rise.  “Symbolised by three animal totems – the Pheonix, the Eagle, and the Scorpion – this zodiac sign knows about shifting through space and time to become something new. “The transformation that this Moon promises us all needs courage and bravery. Scorpio Moons ask us to face harsh truths about ourselves.” Embrace the heightened perception and look inwards to uncover and work on the hidden truths in order to propel yourself forward. 