Manchester United are reportedly considering hijacking Manchester City’s move for Hoffenheim left-back David Raum as they search for a replacement for Luke Shaw. Shaw struggled to hold down a regular starting place at Old Trafford last season amid a string of injury issues and has been unconvincing in recent years. Pep Guardiola’s City side have reportedly enquired about the availability of Raum and are said to be in talks over a move for the 24-year-old. But, according to Sky Germany, the Red Devils have now entered the race to sign him. Raum, who has won nine caps for Germany, is known for his attacking credentials and scored three goals and laid on 11 assists in the Bundesliga last season as he delivered the most crosses into the box of any player in Europe’s top five leagues. Borussia Dortmund were thought to be in pole position to land the defender this summer - but a transfer fee in excess of £25.5million wouldn’t be feasible for the German giants unless they sold players first. And with Hoffenheim likely to demand more than that for the ace, a move to the Premier League now appears to be on the agenda. READ MORE: Christian Eriksen 'makes decision on Man Utd transfer' as Tottenham twist takes place   United endured a miserable season last time around as they finished sixth in the Premier League and missed out on Champions League qualification. They also exited all three of their cup competitions in the early rounds as they struggled to find a winning formula under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and his interim successor Ralf Rangnick. The Red Devils now have Erik ten Hag at the helm and will want to see a huge improvement under the Dutchman when the 2022/23 campaign gets underway at the start of August. But Ten Hag will first be desperate to bolster his defence to ensure the United backline isn’t as leaky as it was last time around. DON'T MISSLiverpool told to sell Jurgen Klopp favourite who is 'not good enough' - 'Time to go'Man Utd star David De Gea 'unhappy' as details emerge ahead of Erik ten Hag eraArsenal 'cooling' Youri Tielemans transfer interest with Fabio Vieira set for medical      United shipped an incredible 57 top-flight goals during the last campaign as they finished with their lowest points tally in the Premier League era. The north west side accumulated a mere 58 points as they won just 16 of their 38 league matches. If Ten Hag can get his hands on Raum, the player would no doubt be regarded as an upgrade to Shaw and Alex Telles, who also occupied the left-back role at times last season. But City could yet come out on top of the transfer battle. Like United, the Citizens have enormous spending power. But unlike United, they could offer Raum the opportunity to play Champions League football for the first time in his career. Meanwhile, the likes of West Ham and Newcastle are also said to be keen to sign the defender. So he could have a big decision on his hands in the coming weeks.  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here