Nicola (played by Nicola Wheeler) has been seen trying to balance her work life with her marriage to Jimmy King (Nick Miles) in recent episodes of Emmerdale. Wanting to spend some more time at home, she asked her sister Bernice Blackstock (Samantha Giles) to take on some of her council duties and this will lead to a rivalry forming between the sisters. However, as her relationship with her sibling struggles in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, she will find herself at the centre of an attack as she is left for dead but will this be the end for the beloved character? The drama begins in next week's episodes as Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy) tries to broker peace between Nicola and Bernice. To try and stop this latest war between them, Laurel arranges for the trio to head into town and enjoy some drinks at a bar. Unfortunately, it seems Nicola is not in the mood and it's not too long before she makes her excuses and decides to head home. When she gets to her car, the beloved villager is accosted by a group of teenage girls who are looking to make some trouble. As she confronts them, Nicola doesn't expect what comes next as she is mugged and badly beaten, leaving her unconscious. READ MORE: 'Where's Tom Jones?' Viewers torn as Diana Ross closes Jubilee concert It seems an ambulance is called for Nicola as the next time viewers see her, she is lying injured in a hospital bed. Outside, Jimmy, Bernice, Laurel and her father, Rodney Blackstock (Patrick Mower), are all waiting to hear if she will pull through. By the time she wakes up, Jimmy is by her side and wanting answers, he questions his wife about what exactly happened to her. Embarrassed to have been attacked by a group of teenage girls, Nicola lies to her husband and tells him she cannot remember. Seeing his wife's reaction, Jimmy knows she doesn't want to talk about it and she is embarrassed by what happened in the car park. However, she does eventually open up to Harriet Finch (Katherine Dow Blyton) when the police officer asks her about the attack. The councillor explains she is worried the girls are going to find her as her driving licence with her address on was stolen. Nicola is also worried the group will come to the house to try and attack her again or her children. Reliving it all over again stirs up some strong emotions for Nicola as she later breaks down in tears over the thought she was going to die. Jimmy is devastated to see his wife in such a state and he worries she might never be able to get over the traumatic ordeal. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Rosie Bentham pleads for co-star’s return 'A lot of drama' [COMMENT]'Traumatising' Emmerdale's Mark Charnock humiliated on the train [COMMENT]Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley addresses behind the scenes ‘trouble’ [COMMENT] What he might not expect is for his wife to succumb to her injuries once she is discharged from the hospital. After the doctors say she hasn't sustained any major damage to her body, they will let her go home to be watched over by her loved ones. They might not have picked up on a slow bleed Nicola had to the brain following a head trauma inflicted upon her in the attack. As she heads to bed for the night, a headache could start to brew but she would think this is because of the stress she has endured. Unfortunately, she might not wake up as the bleed gets worse during the night, resulting in her exit from the weeknight serial drama. Jimmy would be heartbroken to think the attack resulted in his wife's death and he would want answers as to why the doctors didn't pick up the bleed. He might also feel a sense of guilt himself, having thought he should have taken her back to the hospital when the headaches started. With his wife being as stubborn as she was, Nicola could have told him she would be alright and just needed a good night's sleep. Will Jimmy be on a quest for revenge as he makes it his mission to get justice for his wife? The actress who plays Nicola, who is also called Nicola, has addressed whether her character would be killed off in the past. Nicola explained: "We do chat ourselves about what makes a regular in soap. “I guess it is characters who can do a bit of everything – they can make you cry, laugh, get angry and then you love them again. “But never say never. If the story is good, they can still kill you. I do feel lucky and I love the variety of working in the soap." Having been in the show for 20 years, the soap star added: "When I came into Emmerdale, I was young. It doesn’t make me feel sad though. "I love it here," she said in an interview with The Mirror. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.