The festival will take place across four drama-packed days between June 23 and June 26. Over 200,000 spectators are expected to make their way to West Sussex to witness one of the greatest motoring events on the calendar. One thing that motoring enthusiasts can look forward to is a tiny electric car that will attempt to set an overall record at Goodwood. The EV has previously been compared to a Batmobile, because of its similar look. It belongs to a British EV brand called McMurtry Automotive. The car, named McMurtry Spéirling, made its debut at the Goodwood Festival of Speed last year. READ MORE: Electric cars are now £9,000 more expensive after EV grant axing However, this year it plans to return with the aim of conquering the famous hill climb while setting a record in the process. The car has a single seat and runs purely on electricity. It has been previously claimed that the vehicle is faster than the Bugatti Chiron. The manufacturers added that the Spéirling can go from 0 to 60mph in 1.5 seconds. DON'T MISS James Bond supercars up for auction at Goodwood Festival of Speed [REVEAL] The UK’s most fuel-efficient cars named - Mercedes, Volvo, Volkswagen [INSIGHT] Motorists advised to use fuel-saving trick when at the petrol station [ADVICE] It also has a top speed of 150mph. While the exact figures have not been disclosed, it is believed that the car weighs just under one tonne. Max Chilton, a former F1 driver, is leading the Spéirling's development as the manufacturer attempts to set an overall record at the Goodwood Festival of Speed. Currently, the record belongs to Volkswagen I.D. R, which set a run of 39.9 seconds at the famous hill climb event. Thomas Yates, managing director of McMurtry Automotive, said: "Our aim is to win the event and we feel that the record is within reach if everything aligns for us. “Of course, this is motorsport and you can never take anything for granted but we are turning up with a highly competitive package. “The last time a fan car competed in motorsport was when Niki Lauda dominated the 1978 Swedish Formula One Grand Prix." Electric car lovers will have plenty to do at the event this years with the organisers introducing a brand new feature called the Electric Avenue. The feature will showcase all things EV with cars presented by marques from all around the world. This will include well-known hatchbacks as well as electric supercars. Spectators will also be able to enjoy a number of interactive features. The exhibition will show off all the latest EVs as well as those that will be launched in the future. Experts will also be available at hand to answer any burning questions about the state of electric motoring. Festival organisers said that they will not reveal the exact details of the exhibition just yet but added that it will involve “city cars, saloons, SUVs, sportscars and hypercars – whatever kind of EV you’re interested in, you’ll be able to see it in Electric Avenue”. The event will also play its part in spreading EV awareness. The organisers said: “The Festival is the greatest celebration of motorsport, automotive culture and future tech there is, and as the UK moves towards a deadline of 2030 for the electrification of all new cars, showcasing and exploring an electric future has never been more important.”