A YouGov poll of 1,000 US adults from May 18-21, 2022 found just 45 percent now having a "favourable or somewhat favourable" view of the Duchess of Sussex. Less than half (46 percent) had a "very or somewhat unfavourable" view of her. Nile Gardiner, a Washington-based foreign policy expert and Royal Family enthusiast, told Express.co.uk: "The popularity of Meghan and Harry in the US has declined significantly over the course of the year, and that will continue to decline. "The image of Meghan is plummeting in the US as it is in the UK. "The Queen is hugely admired in the US, as is Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge. "Meghan's image is significantly falling in the US." Mr Gardiner also claimed Royal Family fans in the US are "bewildered" as to why Meghan still retains her Duchess of Sussex title. Express readers echoed the poll, with user Mr. Marmaduke saying: “Royals...you've been taught to love them...I think differently.” Another user, Cissy, said: “Meghan’s problem has always been believing her own pr. “She was touted as being a breath of fresh air for the monarchy just like every other royal bride but unlike all the others she let that go to her head and decided that she was the messiah who was there to save them all." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan revelations could tear apart Monarchy More users chimed in, with gillmags saying: “It's been on a slippery slope for a long while, news about their Jubilee behaviour will have filtered back, but just pre Jubilee she made the uninvited trip to Texas raising eyebrows, she pens a letter to a well established support group in America and signs off still as the Duchess of Sussex." User ADLus added: “How can something “plummet” if it barely exists to begin with?" DON'T MISS Princess Eugenie involved in efforts to manage Harry and Meghan Brexit LIVE: Rejoiners cut down for ignoring 'blindingly obvious' Meghan Markle popularity and image 'plummeting' in the US - expert It comes after royal biographer Andrew Morton, speaking recently on “Pod Save the Queen,” suggested Meghan and Harry planned their exit from royal life just six months after their royal wedding in May 2018. The Mirror reports Mr Morton said: “Harry was having conversations in a London hotel with Oprah Winfrey back in November 2018, just six months after they’d been married. “So, they were thinking about a different direction of travel pretty early on.’ Mr Morton also claimed Meghan would have been a “natural royal’, but did not “try long enough”. He said: “The great tragedy, I think, is that Meghan and Harry didn't give it long enough to see whether they could give it a go. “They were on the out almost before the wedding music had finished. "Meghan is a natural, I've got pictures of her when she was age 10 leading a march against the first Gulf War at her school.”