Emma Raducanu has "left millions of dollars off the table" through her agency limiting the amount of sponsor days a year. It was just 12 months ago when Raducanu was still relatively unknown before she burst onto the scene at Wimbledon. The teenager would only go from strength to strength from there though as she made history in winning the US Open. That victory rocketed her to superstardom with big sponsors from all over the world wanting a piece of her. Raducanu joined up with Max Eisenbud, who has a history of working with female tennis icons such as Maria Sharapova and Li Na. And she was quickly signed up as brand ambassadors on three or five-year contracts with companies such as Nike and Tiffany worth millions of pounds. But Eisenbud insists his company, IMG, had to leave even more money on the table so as not to cause a distraction for the teenager. He says IMG "left millions of dollars off the table" with Raducanu having just 18 sponsor days a year. JUST IN: Djokovic and Nadal handed Wimbledon boost after Ruud comments  "We could have done 50 days of shoots," Eisenbud told the BBC. "I've never seen the amount of excitement and companies that wanted to be in business with Emma after the US Open." The decision to choose just 18 days on Raducanu's schedule for sponsors appears to stem from Eisenbud's experience with Sharapova. "So we did this exercise through the entire year and we figured out that there was probably 18 days a year that she can give to sponsors that won't affect her tennis training or her tournament schedule," Eisenbud added. And it was a similar story when IMG were in discussion with Li's family. "Again with the same philosophy," he added. "Never a week or so before a tournament, never in a tournament week and never right after the tournament. DON'T MISS  "I understand how people who don't understand that philosophy could think that it is distracting her, but I think when you see how it's laid out, it really is not the case. Emma decided that she wants to start her shoots at 12pm or 1pm and go until 8pm or 9pm and have the option in the morning to either train or work out or do some fitness. "Not all the days have been used of the 18. There are sponsors that have those days, but many of them don't use them. I would imagine by the end of the year the amount of days she uses will be around 13. "But when the 19th day comes, and it's millions of dollars and you have got to say 'no' because you're being true to the 18 days - it's tough."