During the 1980s, Argentina invaded a British overseas territory in the South Atlantic, known as the Falkland Islands. After overwhelming the local garrison, it assumed control of it and several other British settlements. The development sparked the beginning of a two month-long conflict, which would become recognised as the Falklands War. The Falklands War began on April 2, 1982 following Argentina’s invasion. It prompted the UK to respond and dispatch a naval task force to engage with the Argentine Navy and Air Force. After 74 days of fighting, the war came to a conclusion with Argentina’s surrender, on June 14, 1982.  READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Putin disaster as fighter jet destroyed By the time the fighting was over, 255 British and about 650 Argentine servicemen had died. Historically, Argentina has laid claim to the Falkland Islands, and has said it inherited them from the Spanish crown in 1767. But it claimed that in 1833, the Islands were seized by Britain. The UK has said it had previously established a settlement there and never relinquished sovereignty.  Since 1833, the UK claimed it had continuously inhabited and administered the islands. The South American nation refutes this story, and has enshrined the reclamation of the islands in its national constitution. Most Argentines agree with its Government’s stance that the Falkland Islands belong to Argentina. And in Argentina, the islands are known by the name of Las Malvinas.  DON'T MISS: Russia on brink of humiliation as Moscow running low on infantry [INSIGHT]Nurse fired after 40 years of service vindicated with huge payout [NEWS]Britain's 'most dangerous plant' is spreading across country [ANALYSIS] On Tuesday, June 14, 2022, it will be 40 years since the end of the Falklands War. To help commemorate the anniversary, the Falkland Islands Government unveiled a year-long programme of recognition and celebration. On its official website, it said: “We will be reflecting on the brave sacrifices of those who restored our freedom, as well as showcasing the modern Falkland Islands, our achievements since 1982, and our ambitions for the future. “The strapline that sums up the spirit of the anniversary is 'Looking forward at 40’, which sends out the clear message that we are a forward-looking nation, determined to take control of our own destiny and shape our own success.”  In Britain, the Royal British Legion will hold a remembrance event to help commemorate the anniversary, at the National Memorial Arboretum. The event will take place on Tuesday and will see veterans of the campaign, their families, bereaved family members, and civilians who supported the Armed Forces come together. Those who are unable to attend the event can watch along virtually, via the charity’s official website or Facebook page. It will also include a live link to the Falkland Islands at 3pm, so its Act of Remembrance can coincide with the service, taking place at the 1982 Cemetery in Port Stanley. 