For some, losing weight is difficult enough without the added confusion of inaccurate advice and dramatic dietary claims. Having found four of the top diet myths people have fallen for, experts have debunked the misconceptions surrounding a healthy diet and proper nutrition. Nick English from BarBend sat down with trainer and fitness expert Jordan Syatt, to set the record straight on the nation's four biggest myths. It has long been believed that eating carbs can lead to weight gain, but the experts explained it is important not to go to extremes when it comes to cutting out carbohydrates. "If you are cutting carbs from your diet and not replacing them with anything else, you will be consuming fewer calories, leading to weight loss," they said. "However, for many people, dropping carbs means dropping fibre (perhaps the best natural appetite suppressant there is) resulting in eating more calories. "Carbs are often great sources of nutrients and fibre also has links not only to weight loss but also to lower risks of bowel cancer, Alzheimer’s disease, and more." If people are looking to lower their carb consumption, they can start by limiting refined carbs such as sugar and white flour as they are not filling and very low in nutrients and fibre. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake There has been lots of debate surrounding this particular myth with many experts advocating for intermittent fasting. But Nick and Jordan insisted that this is not strictly true. "A calorie is a calorie at 8am and 8pm; it does not matter what time you are eating, it matters how much you are eating," they said. "One of the easiest ways to dispel the myth that eating before bed makes you fat is to look at the research surrounding intermittent fasting. "People basically save most of their calories before they go to bed, and it is consistently found that as long as you are in a calorie deficit, you will lose weight." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Many diets that are around today can consist of high-fat foods, such as the ketogenic diet, and many have found success with it. But the experts revealed: "Fat has more than twice the calories of protein or carbs, with nine calories per gram versus four calories per gram. "So, 10 grams of fat will make you ‘fatter’ than 10 grams of chicken breast, if you are already eating over your daily calorie burn." But that does not mean that a person should eliminate fat altogether, as it serves essential functions like maintaining hormonal health and improving your absorption of essential nutrients, such as Vitamin D. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim While a keto diet is high in fat, the exerts revealed they tend to lose weight faster because they're "nearly eliminating carbohydrates causes the body to lose a lot of water weight". "They see radical weight loss initially but hit a wall a few weeks later – because now they are not just losing water weight, they must lose fat now," they said. "The reality is, to lose fat, you need to be in a calorie deficit." Many keto advocates claim that the method causes the body to burn more fat for fuel and although this is true, results from meta-analysis of 32 trials that compared carbohydrate intake suggested it does not seem to promote more weight loss when calories are controlled. "Ultimately, you can do keto and see great progress, or you can follow a different diet and see great progress," they explained. "As long as your calories are in check, you will lose weight over time."