With many people continuing to move home, it is important for owners to get the best price possible. Sharing tips in a recent Move iQ video, property expert Phil Spencer shared top tips for increasing buyer appeal for an affordable price. The television presenter said homeowners should focus on their gardens. Phil said: “Today I’m asking, have you ever thought of your garden as something that adds value to your home? “Believe it or not, a well-kept garden can add as much as 20 percent to your property’s price and a decent outdoor space can definitely widen the pool of potential buyers, making your home much more appealing. “A well cared for garden is part of ensuring your home is presented for sale in the best possible light, so make sure sheds are cleared out and broken fences or gates are fixed.” According to the expert, homeowners should see their gardens as “another room” in the home. READ MORE: ‘All-natural home remedies’ to ‘kill’ all houseplant pests Phil continued: “It can be a major draw for buyers and I think that’s especially so in urban areas where space is at a premium but I’d also think carefully before spending a lot of money on pricey garden improvements. “I think you can do an awful lot with a little amount of money and a fair bit of hard work.” For many potential buyers, a garden filled with plants can be seen as high maintenance. Phil said too much in the garden could actually put a buyer off buying a home. DON'T MISS:Lynsey Crombie shares the surfaces to ‘never use’ citric acid on [EXPERT]Common garden lighting mistakes to avoid - what to go for instead [COMMENT]Easy ways to banish ‘pesky’ garden bugs - from garlic to coffee [EXPLAINER] Instead, Phil recommended planting up container plants which can be easily moved. He said this can improve “buyer appeal” without “breaking the bank”. What’s more, container plants can add lots of colour to the garden with minimal effort. The property expert said: “Also make sure paths and patios are free from weeds, paint of re-varnish fences and decking. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Brighten up the patio or the back garden with hanging baskets. “Give a little bit of colour to the flower beds with bedding plants. “It’s really straightforward to do and you don’t need to spend a lot of money.” According to Phil, features that tend to impress buyers are things like brick barbecues and pizza ovens. Garden rooms are also attractive to buyers too, as they can be used for multiple things like a gym or office. Phil explained: “In most cases as long as the summer house is less than half the size of the garden, planning permission isn’t actually required. “You do need to think about where the boundaries are as well. “Modern summer houses are highly flexible meaning buyers can choose to use it as an office, a reading room, a play room…there’s so many uses.” Location, Location, Location continues at 8pm on Channel 4