Zara and Mike Tindall live at Gatcombe Park with their children, Mia, Lena and Lucas. All three children were spotted by royal fans enjoying the Platinum Jubilee pageant on Sunday. Princess Anne also lives on the Gatcombe Park estate with her husband Timothy Laurence. Gatcombe Park in Gloucestershire is one of the lesser-known royal residences. It is a 700-acre estate, and a private, royal country home. Its main building is an impressive, Grade II listed home, which is where Princess Anne lives. The home sits within 700 acres of land on the estate, where the Princess also holds annual equestrian events.   Dotted around the large estate are other royal homes, including Mike and Zara’s. What is it like inside? Mike and Zara have their very own home gym, as revealed by Mike when he participated in the 2.6 Challenge in April last year. It has exposed brick walls with a Union Jack flag on display, as well as an exercise bike where Mike took part in the charity bike ride.   While Princess Anne, Mike, and Zara’s home was bought privately by the Queen over 50 years ago, it was extensively refurbished and renovated prior to the family moving in back in the late 1970s, funded by the Crown purse. According to reports, the main manor house of Gatcombe has five main bedrooms, four secondary bedrooms, four reception rooms, a library, a billiard room, and a conservatory. Princess Anne's son Peter Phillips also lives within the grounds of the 700-acre estate, along with his daughters Isla and Savannah. Gatcombe has been the home of the Princess Royal since 1976, when it was bought privately by the Queen for her and her then-husband, Captain Mark Phillips.  In 2013, Anne and Timothy were joined by Mike and Zara when they sold their Cheltenham home and went to live on the Gatcombe estate. The Tindalls moved to Gatcombe just before welcoming their first child, Mia. Gatcombe is a convenient place for the Tindall family to be, with equestrian Zara having many of her horses stabled on the estate. The estate is the former home of the Festival of British Eventing, and Zara herself has often competed there.  Princess Anne spoke to Countryfile about her love for Gatcombe, explaining: "It's really nice to come back and just be yourself in an area like this. “Being able to take on a place like this – for me, I’ve got to make it work. “This is not something that comes free, this has got to pay its way, otherwise I can’t stay here." The estate is reported to have been bought for around £750,000.