The Cambridges shared a heart-warming photograph with his three children to celebrate Father’s Day on Sunday, June 19. It shows a relaxed Prince William carrying his youngest son, Prince Louis, on his shoulders, with his arms around Prince George and Princess Charlotte. The picture was taken during a family holiday in Jordan in 2021 and captures the four mid-laughter against a rocky landscape. Sharing the photo on Twitter, the duke and duchess wished a Happy Father’s Day to the world’s fathers and grandfathers. Royal fans were delighted by the picture of the family, which is thought to have been taken in Petra. Seven-year-old Charlotte in particular drew adoration from fans of the Cambridges, who took to Twitter to praise the young princess. One Twitter user, JennyM, said: “She is adorable and was such a star during the Jubilee.” Another, Mona, said: “This girl is already a Beauty.” Twitter user Isa said: “Nothing better than seeing Prince William being a dad.” The duke, who turns 40 on Tuesday, wears a casual khaki-coloured outfit in the photo, while the younger children are dressed in navy and white tops. Eight-year-old Prince George, who is third in line to the throne after his father, wears a camouflage-print T-shirt and shorts. The Cambridges used a similar photo taken during their trip to Jordan in autumn 2021 for their official Christmas card last year. The Duchess of Cambridge lived in Jordan for three years as a child when her father worked for British Airways in Amman. READ MORE: Father's Day: New photo of Prince William and children - picture Buckingham Palace also released a photo of the Queen with her father King George VI in 1946 in a Father's Day tribute to royal fans. The photograph shared on Twitter shows a 20-year-old Queen Elizabeth laughing with her father as they walk among flowerbeds. It was taken six years before the King's death and Elizabeth’s ascension to the throne. Marking the 70th anniversary of the start of her reign, the Queen said earlier this year that “even after 70 years, I still remember [the day] as much for the death of my father”. Prince Charles also marked Father's Day by sharing a collection of photos paying tribute to fatherly love among his family members. DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: ‘Deluded’ Andrew set to ruin Balmoral trip [LIVE]Queen should NOT retire but ‘continue to delegate’ her duties' [LATEST]Like ships passing in the night!' Camilla opens up about relationship [INSIGHT]