Thousands of rail workers across the country have walked out in a three-day national strike. This has caused major disruption to travel, particularly for those attempting to make their way to and from work. Tube driver Mark Harding last week told GB News he had “sympathy” for those disrupted by the action, but stressed: “Sometimes you have to suffer a little bit.” Demonstrators were given the go-ahead after the Rail, Maritime and Transport workers’ union (RMT) confirmed that last-minute talks on pay, jobs and conditions had fallen flat. A fierce debate followed this announcement, with the Conservative Party criticising “militant union barons” for disruption and pro-strikers insisting there was no other choice. Polling now shows Britons are themselves split 50-50 on whether those demonstrating against their current work conditions should be considered “selfish”. Forty-one percent of respondents of a new poll said that they should, with the same amount arguing that they should not. A further 18 percent said they did not know. The group most heavily in favour of the notion that those striking are “selfish” were the self-employed, perhaps because their ability conduct work without travel, or to make up for lost work, is more limited than for those who have company-based employers. Just shy of 78 percent of respondents in this group said strikers are “selfish”, while only 33 percent of employees agreed. READ MORE: Fury erupts in France over ‘anti-Semitic' mural of Macron the puppet The likelihood of believing strikers who cause disruption are “selfish” also rose with age. One-third of those in the 18-35 age-group took this view, compared to half of those over 64. There was, as there is on most political issues, also a dividing line over the view strikers are “selfish” around the issue of Brexit. DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] Polling suggests that half of Leave voters take this view compared to 41 percent of Remain voters. There are, however, a number of prominent Brexit-supporting backers of the strikes. Pro-Leaver and unionist Paul Embery has, for example, expressed his support for the union behind the action and has noted his opposition to what he sees as the Government’s view that “workers should expect to keep getting poorer”. The RMT itself told its members in 2016 to back Brexit. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps has, on the other hand, scolded RMT for “punishing millions of innocent people”. He stressed that the “major disruption” would cause “misery” for people across the country. The polling was conducted by Techne, a member of the British Polling Council, between June 22nd and 23rd. Its questions were answered by more than 1,600 Britons.