State pension age changes have been a subject of debate for a number of years, as the retirement age for women rose to align with men. However, some women affected, who were born in the 1950s, argued these changes to state pension age were not amply communicated with them. One campaign group which has sought to garner awareness of the matter is Women Against State Pension Inequality (WASPI). The organisation has argued additional notice for women impacted by the changes would have provided more opportunity for individuals to adjust retirement plans. This weekend, the group said they are celebrating what they consider to be a “boost” for their campaign. It was today announced the Chair of WASPI, Angela Madden, has been named a “platinum champion” by the Royal Voluntary Service (RVS). READ MORE: 'Not easy' Widow, 65, struggles on late husband's 'small' pension Ms Madden is one of 490 individuals who have been recognised in this way, and one of 70 who have been invited to celebrate at the Platinum Party at the Palace tomorrow. Acknowledging her award, Ms Madden said: “It is a real honour to be recognised in this way. “But I’m accepting the award on behalf of the whole WASPI team who have done so much in the past seven years to win justice for women born in the 1950s. “This weekend will be a great celebration both of Her Majesty’s long reign and of the inroads we have made with our campaign. DON'T MISSState pensioners urged to do simple check which could boost income [INSIGHT]Energy rebate warning as scam tactic 'could drain bank accounts' [UPDATE]Best places to retire in the UK - areas which boast the top care [ANALYSIS] “But the real celebration for WASPI women can only come when the government finally recognises the injustice meted out to us. “Fair, fast compensation for DWP’s maladministration is the only way to resolve this issue. “We see the award as a big boost to our campaign, and we intend to carry on fighting until ministers hear us.” The WASPI campaign was founded in 2015, in efforts to “fight for justice” for women born in the 1950s affected by changes to the state pension age. The group agree with the idea of age equalisation, but dispute the way the changes were implemented. Consequently, it has continued in its calls for compensation for those affected by what it describes as a “lack of notice” to state pension age increases. Andrew Gwynne, Co-Chair of the All Party Parliamentary Group on State Pension Inequality for Women, described the WASPI campaign as a “major success story”. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea He added: “I am proud to support the group in their quest for justice, which is very much overdue.” A DWP spokesperson previously told Express.co.uk: “Both the High Court and Court of Appeal have supported the actions of the DWP, under successive governments dating back to 1995, and the Supreme Court refused the claimants permission to appeal. “In a move towards gender equality, it was decided more than 25 years ago to make the state pension age the same for men and women.” Express.co.uk has contacted the Department for further comment.