Looking to increase the value of your home? There are two rooms that you should consider transforming if you want to “add the most value” to the property. Express.co.uk spoke to Jake Barlow, Founder of Property Store about home renovations. Jake said: “Kitchens and bathrooms are always the areas in a property that are going to add the most value. “You can add a quick lick of paint to the rest of the property for very little money, but a quality kitchen will give the much needed ‘wow’ factor to a prospective buyer. “Another area that should never be overlooked is the doors and windows. “These are the gateways to the outside world and not only help make the property look nice, but they also indicate safety and security to a purchaser subconsciously. READ MORE: How to finance your home renovation - 4 key tips from credit expert “So I’d advise replacing those blown window panes and installing UPVc doors where possible.” In terms of how much profit a homeowner could make versus the initial cost to transform a room or two, Jake explained: “When it comes to profit made out of a renovation project, with the increasing costs of trade supplies in the current climate, it’s difficult to say. “However, the typical rule is that forced appreciation through renovation works tends to be greater than the amount you spend as long as you don’t over-spec the key areas such as bathrooms and kitchens - especially if it isn’t your forever home.” DON'T MISS...Princess Charlotte's 'just like Kate' with her subtle corrections [BODY LANGUAGE]Fridge or cupboard? Correct place to store ketchup to get 'best taste' [EXPERT]Make towel ‘stains fade away’ without a washing machine [EXCLUSIVE] For anyone considering selling their home, Jake also shared his top tips to make it as attractive as possible and lure potential buyers. “I can’t stress this enough, but stage your property!” He remarked. “You can either do this with the furniture that is already in the property, or you can use a property staging company that will either rent you the furniture or digitally stage it using CGI. “When it comes to the time of year to market, try and sell during the summer months. “During winter people are usually busy with the festive holidays and tend to have less money. “They can also be less inclined to leave home to view properties simply due to the weather.” Jake added: “Do not take the listing photos yourself. Listing photos should be professional and I’d advise anyone to pay the extra for a virtual walkthrough. “This will increase buyer intent when they come for viewings as they will have seen much more of the property when they arrive.” Property Store is a software solution dedicated exclusively to property portfolio management. They believe in making things simpler for property professionals, from sourcing deals to looking after your lettings. Property Store is the one-stop shop for all property management operational needs. Visit www.property-store.co.uk for more information.