England manager Gareth Southgate has hit back at claims that his side are too cautious following their goalless draw with Italy. When asked by Channel 4 if he would call his side's performance cautious, Southgate replied: "I don't see how you can really, because we are trying to move the ball through against a very good, well organised team. We have got the ball into our forward players, we have given them all a go in trying to refresh it because we know the state of the season we are at, so at the moment that little bit of sharpness in the final third isn't quite there but I was pleased with the general performance." The draw with Italy means they remain bottom of their Nations League group and are yet to score a goal from open play in their three matches against Hungary, Germany and Italy. Southgate added: "There were things that we did against Germany that we did really well, and there was things that we needed to improve on and we improved on a lot of those things today. Getting the ball through their midfield press and getting it on to the next line, we were much better at. We have had two or three really good chances and we just need that little bit of sharpness in the final third. "But I thought our general performance was good and I was pleased with. There was a lot of positive individual performances from players that we needed to see and who have gone in and done well. You can’t ignore the fact that when you are really pushing, especially in the second half when we were the better team, we don’t have a crowd to push us on and put the opposition under pressure, and that makes a massive difference to the team. "I have said that we have been too reliant on Harry [Kane] and Raheem [Sterling] for our goals. Other players have got to step into that space. A lot of them do it for their clubs but at international level at the moment they aren’t quite doing that. We have looked dangerous without getting the goals that are needed to win these bigger games." Southgate made several changes to the side that drew 1-1 with Germany, including bringing in Arsenal goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale for Everton's Jordan Pickford and AS Roma striker Tammy Abraham started up front as Kane was given a rest. "Well I thought today that Aaron Ramsdale did very well." Southgate said. "He made a couple of really important saves and I thought his composure with the ball was exactly what we hoped. I thought Fikayo [Tomori] also did very well and I was really pleased that he managed to come through after having that slight injury, that is going to give us strength in that area of the pitch. And I thought James Ward-Prowse did well today, he used the ball well, his passing was good. So I think there have been some positives from the players that we need to look at and I thought Tammy [Abraham] was fine. I haven’t seen the chance right at the start but that is one that you probably look at and we felt we needed to refresh the three players when we needed to, but I wasn’t unhappy with Tammy’s performance at all." The goalless draw was played in front of just 2000 fans under the age of 14 as a punishment for the fan trouble that occurred at the Euro 2020 final last July. Under UEFA rulings, they are allowed free admission to fixtures played behind closed doors.  Southgate admitted that the trio of Nations League games have been tough, and having no crowd support his side played a part. "This has been a difficult series of games." The 51-year-old said. "You have two away games and you can see with Hungary how difficult they are to play against with their result against Germany tonight, then to go to Munich and then we have the advantage we don’t have the advantage because we have no crowd. That has been tough for the players because physically and psychologically that is tough. A stadium like this means the crowd can get right behind you, so yeah we are looking forward to a full crowd on Tuesday." Chelsea midfielder Mason Mount missed England's best chance of the game, and he claimed that Southgate's side should have scored at Molineux. "I think we had chances today and we probably should have scored." The 23-year-old said. "Sometimes you go through those periods as a team where it is difficult. The only thing we can do is to remain focused, keep working hard in training and look where we can improve. We have the players to do that, we have the quality so it’s just to keep working at it.      