Former Tory MP Angela Knight has argued that Northern voters look at Sir Keir Starmer and say "he’s not one of us" in a brutal slap down of the Labour leader's bid to win over key Red Wall seats. Ms Knight, who is herself from Sheffield, has told GB New presenter Nigel Farage that the Labour leader is simply not the type of politician the North will support in her view. Ms Knight told GB News: "I come from Sheffield so I come from if you like a Red Wall, and politics has been very complicated in some respects in recent years, because it was always Labour, Labour, Labour, it wasn't conservative, it was just Labour and then labour started to lose it, and they lost it partly to the Lib Dems. "They've now got the greens in there." She added: "The other thing about the Red Wall seats I would say that for quite a lot of them, they look at Kier Starmer, and they say, well, he's not one of us either. "He's just one of those down there, he's one of those southerners, he's Notting Hill, he's North London." The former Tory MP continued: "It's there is not the same sort of traction, he's not one of those types of Labour leaders, which the North will vote for. Mr Farage added: "But they're not scared of him as they were with Jeremy Corbyn." "You're absolutely right," replied Ms Knight. "He might not be one of them, but he's not going to do things against them and that was their worry with Jeremy Corbyn." Sir Keir has said Conservative MPs should act in the "national interest" by voting "no confidence" in Boris Johnson. The Labour leader said the Prime Minister has lost the trust of the public and has made a "big mistake" by trying to cling to his job. It comes after the 15% threshold of Tory MPs to submit letters of no confidence was reached over the weekend, triggering a vote in the House of Commons. Speaking to LBC Radio on Monday, Sir Keir said Conservative MPs "have got to show some leadership and vote against the Prime Minister". He said: "He has lost, I think, the trust of the country - that is pretty clear from the evidence that I have seen." DON'T MISS How long has Boris Johnson been PM? [INSIGHT]'You resigned from his cabinet!' Justin Webb makes Javid squirm [VIDEO]Andrew Neil insists Boris in trouble even if he wins confidence vote [ANALYSIS] Sir Keir also said the public mood has changed with a "general sense that this man doesn't really tell the truth". He said: "I think the mood has changed. I think the public have made their mind up about this man. "They don't think he's really telling the truth about many, many things - not just partygate - but just the general sense that this man doesn't really tell the truth, (he) can't be trusted." He added: "We've got a Prime Minister trying to cling on to his job and most people would say: 'Your job is to help me through the cost-of-living crisis and you're not doing it because you're distracted."'