More than eight in ten of these believe they are just as capable as their male counterparts of performing certain roles – and 28 percent of those who feel this way think they are, in fact, more capable. And more than eight in ten (81 percent) say it is important their career makes a “positive contribution” to society. The research was commissioned by energy and home services provider, British Gas, which has committed to creating 3,500 apprenticeships over the next decade – with the ambition for half of all new recruits to be women. Jessica Rawstron, British Gas smart energy engineer, said: “My inspiration initially came from my dad, who specialised in the gas field for many years. “And with the support of my family, friends and colleagues, my confidence has grown ever since the day I first started as an apprentice. “There are no stereotypes to conform to, and we value the diversity in our team.” It emerged over a third (36 percent) of girls, who are keen to pursue a career in a traditionally male field, have been positively influenced by their teachers, while 44 percent have been inspired to do so by their family. This is despite over half (56 percent) saying none of their own female family members work in any of these industries. Nonetheless, an encouraging 64 percent believe it’s easier for women to get a role in an industry like energy, construction, or engineering today, compared to when their mum was the age they are now. But 62 percent are convinced their gender will still have some sort of impact on their future job prospects, with seven in ten saying there are still barriers that make it difficult for females to land a particular role. More gender equality within the workplace is the top improvement those polled would like to see for working women in the future (43 percent). And having the same job opportunities as men (42 percent), better help with childcare (39 percent), and better pay (38 percent) also featured high on the list. The study, conducted via OnePoll, found almost three-quarters (73 percent) of girls are confident we will see more women in traditionally male-dominated roles in the near future. And although the average female teen reckons it will take 15 years until there is total gender equality within the workplace, 72 percent agree their generation will be the ones to make this change happen. Jessica Rawstron added: “Young women have more opportunities than ever before – both in terms of the roles available to us, and the impact we can have on the world around us. “The need to reduce emissions and reach Net Zero is critical, and the skills we learn as Smart Energy Engineers can make a real difference. I’m proud to be playing my part in fighting climate change.”