However, a plume of warm air from the continent brings a risk of some thundery showers in the south from Saturday. The Met Office has predicted that the Jubilee weekend will start rather cool in northern areas, while closer to average temperatures for the time of year further south.  The South is expected to witness temperatures of 23-25C today. For the remainder of the weekend, the highest temperatures are likely to be in the northwest of Scotland, with cooler conditions further south. According to the department, western areas look most likely to see a few heavier showers on Friday, with a small chance of one or two for central parts, while areas further to the east should get the best of any sunshine. Met Office Deputy Chief Meteorologist Rebekah Sherwin said: “It may be an unsettled start to the long weekend for some with showers for Northern Ireland, Wales and western England.   “However, many parts will see much more settled conditions, with plenty of dry weather and good spells of sunshine. “Temperatures could reach 25C in the south on Friday, although this will likely be the warmest day and later in the weekend the highest temperatures are likely to be in the northwest. “A plume of warm air, currently across the continent, then pushes north over the UK through the weekend. “There remains some uncertainty on how far north it will stretch but southern areas are likely to see a spell of showers on Saturday and Sunday, which could turn heavy and thundery at times. READ MORE: Catherine Southon faces calls for 'ban' from Bargain Hunt viewers  “However, there will also be some breaks in the cloud even here, and northern areas are most likely to stay fine and dry. “Northern Ireland, Scotland and northern England look like they’ll see the driest conditions from Saturday onwards, most likely enjoying some prolonged periods of sunshine.” The weather experts have suggested that from Saturday, there is still a good deal of uncertainty in the forecast. The department forecast stated: “Settled weather is on the cards for most northern areas with patchy cloud and sunny spells. DON'T MISS:Zelensky lauds Ukraine’s ‘testament to the faith’ US military hackers conduct ‘defensive’ operations to aid UkraineMeghan and Harry WILL attend Queen’s Thanksgiving Service