The Duke and Duchess of Cornwall expressed their "love" for the BBC's dance contest show amid growing speculation about whether the future King and Queen could host Strictly at Buckingham Palace. Prince Charles, 73, is reportedly "open" to the idea and his wife Camilla, 74, is said to be a "superfan". In a statement to the Mirror, representatives at Clarence House "declined to comment" on the rumours but admitted the Prince of Wales and his wife "love Strictly". Reports have suggested the royals are in secret talks with BBC bosses and even that Queen Elizabeth II, 96, has given her blessing for Buckingham Palace to host 'Strictly'. In a statement to The Mirror, representatives at Clarence House "declined to comment" on the rumours but admitted Charles and Camilla "love Strictly". A source also told the Sun that the royal couple are "very much driving" the chance of the BBC's show coming to the Firm's chief London residence. JUST IN: ‘Perfect pose’ Queen taught Prince George crucial lesson during Platinum Jubilee They also claimed "the BBC couldn't quite believe what was being offered". The potential showing at Buckingham Palace has been described as "TV dreamland". According to the Royal Family website, Buckingham Palace has 775 rooms. These include 19 state rooms, 52 royal and guest bedrooms, 188 staff bedrooms, 92 offices and 78 bathrooms. READ MORE: Kate and William's stunning 20-room second home on Queen's estate Despite speculation about Strictly coming to Buckingham Palace, another insider claimed more needs to be done. The source told the Sun "a lot of work needs to be done to get it over the line." With Charles and Camilla "delighted and honoured" for Strictly to come to the Palace, the source added "there is a commitment and sense of goodwill to achieve" the reality of hosting Strictly. It has been suggested the palace could host either the quarter or semi-finals of Strictly in a move which could be a fitting end to the Queen's Platinum Jubilee year. DON'T MISS:Kate opens up on Louis after tot stole show during Jubilee events [COMMENT]London emergency: Stratford station evacuated  [PICTURES]'Looked pretty serious' Police swoop to tape off quiet city street [INSIGHT] Platinum Jubilee celebrations drew to a close last weekend after millions of Brits marked the Queen's 70th year on the British throne. Several major events took place at Buckingham Palace over the four-day weekend. The Trooping of the Colour concluded once the royal procession returned to the Queen's London residence and the Royal Family greeted them as they passed by. Prince William was on the other end of the Queen lighting the principal beacon from Windsor Castle. Buckingham Palace also hosted both the Platinum Party at the Palace and the Platinum Jubilee Pageant.