Going on holiday doesn’t always have to mean spending a fortune on overpriced flights and accommodation, in fact, there are plenty of desirable destinations that can be found right here in the UK. Whether your trip abroad has been cancelled due to flight chaos, or you’re trying to stick to a smaller budget, there’s something for everyone to enjoy on home soil. From historical architecture to stunning coastal views, these are the best landmarks to visit this summer. Here’s where to find them. New data from ASDA Money has found 93 percent of Britons are planning to travel abroad this year, but it won’t be possible for everyone to make the journey. Airline disruption and financial struggles have forced many households to adjust their summer travel plans, leaving thousands of families to seek out staycation alternatives instead of those famous overseas landmarks. To help everyone have the chance of enjoying a holiday - no matter their budget, Asda Money has scanned the UK and overseas to find twinned destinations that look so familiar you’ll do a “double take”. READ MORE: Deep vein thrombosis on planes: The drinks that can increase risk If Italy is the top destination on your radar this summer, look no further than Wales for an “uncanny” staycation alternative. Portofino is one of the most well-known spots in the North of the stunning country and is best loved for its colourfully painted buildings that line the Mediterranean shore. The town is clustered around its half-moon shaped harbour, filled with summer yachts and odd fishing boats - not to mention the long stretch of luxury outlets, including Gucci, Pucci, Hermès and Louis Vuitton. While Portmeirion in Wales may not be home to the same opulent hotels and shops as Portofino, the architecture is not to be missed. The breath-taking village is built in the style of classic Italian towns, with an uncanny resemblance to the bright hues found in its Mediterranean counterpart. Barcelona Cathedral is one of the must-see spots to visit in Spain, but there’s no need to venture beyond England if impressive architecture is what you’re after. Made up of a collection of spiky towers and arches, the famous Barcelona Cathedral mirrors the equally impressive York Minster - with its historical foundations stretching back to the year 627. The stunning site can be found in North Yorkshire, with the central tower standing at an impressive 235 feet tall. If you’re itching for a trip to New York, it may surprise you that you will be met with a similar city experience in England’s very own Liverpool. According to the team at Asda Money, many ‘New York’ scenes are actually filmed in Liverpool. With similar architecture from skyscrapers and high-end shopping, Liverpool offers a slice of the big city life right here in England. DON'T MISS:More holiday hell as airfares set to soar [LATEST]POLL: Are you still going on holiday despite latest travel chaos? [POLL]Priti Patel fights to ensure Rwanda migrant deportations go ahead [INSIGHT] The Odeon of Heroes in Atticus, Greece, will have hosted musical concerts back in the first few centuries AD. While its British counterpart is not quite so old, the Minack Theatre in Cornwall is more than a match for the Greek Odeon of Heroes. The west-country amphitheatre was built in the second half of the 20th-century, so there’s still plenty of history to take in while admiring the unbelievable view. Scotland is renowned for its breathtaking views, and while the Isle of Skye is beautiful in its own right, it is a great alternative to visiting Kirkjufell, Iceland. These North Atlantic cousins are home to some of the world’s most incredible scenery, from unusual mountain formations to sweeping plains, and rugged coastlines to dramatic highlands. Prior to the coronavirus pandemic, thousands of visitors from across the world were visiting the Burgundy region of France for its charming villages, but the Cotswolds is a strong competitor when it comes to country charm. If you’re looking for quaint pubs and country walks, this is the place for you - without the hefty price tag. While you won’t be able to beat the sprawling vineyards found in Burgundy, there is plenty in the way of cultural gems to enjoy in the five-county wide region known as the Cotswolds.