Holly Braithwaite was 34 years old when she was diagnosed with frontotemporal dementia; she is believed to be one of the youngest people in the UK with the condition. Holly, from Teeside, began to experience what she thought was post-natal depression in 2019. After giving birth to her daughter, Alba, Holly's behaviour began to shift, which friends and family put down to a thyroid issue that the new mum had recently been diagnosed with. Holly's behaviour changes, however, continued to intensify – and her personality seemed to have altered. Frontotemporal dementia The NHS pointed out that this "uncommon type of dementia" causes "problems with behaviour and language". Affecting the front and sides of the brain, personality and behaviour changes might include: Language problems might include: speaking slowly; struggling to make the right sounds when saying a word; getting words in the wrong order; or using words incorrectly. READ MORE: Hair loss – Popular hair washing tip could be 'bad for your hair' – might lead to hair loss Mental faculties can be impaired, causing a person to become easily distracted and incapable of planning and organisation. Memory issues, which tend to be heavily associated with dementia, do not occur until the later stages of frontotemporal dementia. Physical manifestations of the disease might include slow or stiff movements, loss of bladder control, and difficulty swallowing. "Holly's condition is progressing faster than any of us anticipated," school friend Sophie Poulton, 33, said. "As family and friends, we are doing all we can to support Holly and create a safe, loving and caring environment for her during this scary, confusing time." Sophie and another school friend of Holly's, Kayleigh Spooner, 34, raised over £7,000 for Rare Dementia Support, a service funded by The National Brain Appeal. "Rare Dementia Support offers specialist social, emotional and practical support services for individuals living with, or affected by, a rare dementia diagnosis," the charity noted. Sophie said of the charity: "The Rare Dementia Support team have been a godsend to those caring for Holly. "We are devastated and broken hearted to see what is happening to our beloved friend. "We know there is no cure and we just want to be there for her and do whatever we can for her, Alex [Holly's husband], Alba, Chris [Holly's mum] and all the family.” The NHS advised: "See a GP if you think you have early symptoms of dementia. "If you're worried about someone else, encourage them to make an appointment with a GP and perhaps suggest you go with them." While the disease does not have a cure, treatments on offer can help to control some of the symptoms. Medicines, therapies, and support groups can all help to slow down the progressive disease. "Home-based help will usually be needed at some stage, and some people will eventually need care in a nursing home," the NHS noted. "The average survival time after symptoms start is around eight to 10 years."