Meghan Markle and Prince Harry were "very, very quiet" about flying into the UK, according to Daily Mirror’s Royal Editor Russell Myers. However, Mr Myers revealed that the pair still had a "very, very frosty" reception from "some quarters" of the Royal Family at the start of the Platinum Jubilee. Speaking to Sky News Australia, he said that certain people at the Palace were still "very, very nervous about their attendance here". However, despite these claims, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex maintained a notably low-key presence on Thursday, the first day of the celebrations. They remained in the background for much of Trooping the Colour yesterday, with Meghan and Harry photographed speaking with the queen’s cousin the Duke of Kent and playfully chatting with some of the Queen’s great-grandchildren. Mr Myers commented: "They promised the Queen that they wouldn’t upstage her. "Certain people at the Palace were very, very nervous about their attendance here. JUST IN: Dan Wootton fumes ‘not the day’ as guest questions Queen’s role  He continued: "So we weren't sure if they were going to come or not, but they have been invited. "The Queen has always said they are much-loved members of the family. “They seemed like they were having a good time, there was no sense of nervousness. "We saw a couple of pictures of Meghan having a sort of playful chat with the children.  “But I still think it’s very, very frosty in some quarters. "There needs to be a lot of water under the bridge before they are invited around the Christmas dinner table anytime soon." The BBC's royal correspondent Sean Coughlan echoed this, saying that "Prince Harry and Meghan will have been urged to stay on-message and remain in the background, part of the backing band rather than the centre of attention". DON'T MISS: Queen last-minute diary change scuppers Harry and Meghan Netflix plan [VIDEO]UK weather: Brits bask in 25C Jubilee heatwave [FORECAST]Jeremy Clarkson reacts as EU flag flown amid Queen's Platinum Jubilee [REACTION]  They are expected to be more visible today when they attend a service of thanksgiving for the Queen but the monarch has sadly decided to withdraw from the event. Last night, Buckingham Palace announced the monarch would not attend the service after she experienced "some discomfort" during Thursday's events. In a statement, the Palace added: "The Queen greatly enjoyed today's Birthday Parade and Flypast but did experience some discomfort. "Taking into account the journey and activity required to participate in tomorrow's National Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral, Her Majesty with great reluctance has concluded that she will not attend. "The Queen is looking forward to participating in tonight's Beacon lighting event at Windsor Castle and would like to thank all those who made today such a memorable occasion." Prince Andrew has also been forced to withdraw after testing positive for COVID. More than 400 people such as key workers, charity volunteers and armed forces members will be at the Cathedral in recognition of their contribution to public life. 