Anne Hegerty, 63, has said that her experience on I’m A Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! revealed the side of her that is “sad” and crying all the time. The Chase star said she thought the show revealed a “pathetic side” of her. The Chaser was speaking on BBC Radio 2 about her experience in the jungle. She spoke to Zoe Ball today about fans seeing “another side” to her. Zoe said: “When you were in the jungle I think we got to see another side…” Anne responded, saying: “Well, yeah, you did. You got to see the side of me that was just sort of sat there crying. READ MORE: Patriotic Kate Moss, 48, wears Union Jack ensemble for Jubilee “’I’ve got worms down my bra!’ “So you know, you got to see the pathetic side of me, which people seem to like.” The host added that the show “does that to people”. She also spoke about her “pathetic” experience to the Daily Star last year. Anne, who is best known for her role as The Governess on The Chase, reflected on her time on the show. She said it came as a surprise to her that she ended up being “an underdog”. The star, who was on the 2018 run through, was part of the series eventually won by football manager Harry Redknapp. She told the newspaper: “I thought I was going to be great. DONT MISS:Eamonn Holmes reacts to praise over 'chemistry' with GB News co-host (PHOTOS)Amanda Holden, 50, dares to go braless in dress on chilly London day (NEWS)David Beckham sends alluring message to wife Victoria while topless (LATEST) “I didn’t expect to be so pathetic, so that was a bit of a surprise. “I didn’t expect to go in there and be the underdog because I didn’t expect to be so absolutely freaked out by everything.” I’m a Celebrity is a show known for its creepy crawler trials. Anne, who was diagnosed with Aspergers in 2005, wishes she’d have been better prepared before heading out into the Australian jungle. She said: “One of the things I regret is my agent asked me if I wanted to go to the zoo and do a desensitisation course. “I said, 'No, no, no, I’ll be fine,’ but I really wish I had. "I found I was deeply freaked out by anything that scuttled.” Due to Covid uncertainty, the show has since been set in Gwyrch Castle in Wales. Anne said she would have preferred to be in that location. She said: “It would be more familiar being in the castle because you wouldn’t feel quite as alienated as in the middle of nowhere in Australia, but on the other hand you’d be really cold.”