John Cleese, 82, has taken to Twitter to admit he declined the peerage he was once offered. The Monty Python star sarcastically said he regretted the decision. The actor posted the tweet out in full view of his 5.7 million followers. He said he had never previously regretted turning down the peerage - a decision he made because of the British weather. John said: “Until now I have never regretted declining the peerage I was offered. “But today I'm sad I didn't accept it. READ MORE: Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo  John said he wished he had accepted the peerage, so that he could then return it if Dacre received one. Rumours surfaced earlier today that he is due to receive a peerage from Boris Johnson. Fans were quick to jump on to the post and share their thoughts. @ThallonW commented: “Is that a news bombshell, @JohnCleese? “Until now, I thought I knew everything about you.” @Helikesbananas said: “If only I knew what peerage was/is. “It’s too late in the evening to Google it. Sorry you feel sad. Hugs.” @Palcongo wrote: “Of course, there’s no way to fact check this claim.” DONT MISS: Catherine Zeta-Jones causes a stir over being 'serenaded' by Bono (PHOTOS)Richard Osman breaks silence on replacing Anne Robinson on Countdown (NEWS)Amber Heard 'cleaned up' after Johnny Depp ‘lost control of his bowels (LATEST) In response, @OediBaby said: “If John Marwood Cleese says it, it's a fact!” In UK democracy, a peerage is awarded by the Prime Minister with the Queen’s approval and the selected person is entered into the House of Lords. John turned down the peerage in 1999 and joked that he didn’t want to accept the offer as it would mean spending winters in England, he told The Mirror in 2011. The Fawlty Towers star divides his time between England and sunny California. The actor is a generous donor to the Liberal Democrats and has appeared in several party political broadcasts. He declined the offer for a peerage shortly before Ashdown quit as leader in 1999. John said: “I turned down a peerage actually. “Paddy was going to offer me one when he ceased to be leader of the Lib Dems, for political services – not because I was a wonderful human being but because I’d helped them a lot. “But I realised this involved being in England in the winter and I thought that was too much of a price to pay.” He also says he turned down a CBE in 1996 “because I think they are silly”.