Homes Under the Hammer visited Wolverhampton in a recent episode where a property was selling at auction. Presenter Dion Dublin said: “This is our house. It’s got two bedrooms, a guide price of £30,000. In the auction catalogue, it said that you are standing flush to the pavement, and it is.” Upon entering the property, Dion was pleasantly surprised by it. He said: “Central heating hits you right in the face, that’s a positive. “This room is nice and bright, big double-glazed windows in good condition, that’s not a fault.” Searching the rest of the property, Dion said the house was of good standard. READ MORE: Common garden lighting mistakes to avoid - what to go for instead He added that the property was “faultless”. The home also had a decent size garden which wasn’t overlooked at all. Who purchased the property when it went to auction? Catering manager Phil managed to secure the home for £71,000, more than double over its guide price. DON'T MISS:Easy ways to banish ‘pesky’ garden bugs - from garlic to coffee [COMMENT]Lawn: Common causes of ‘patchy’ grass and how to revive it [EXPERT]I tried The Pink Stuff 99p paste to clean my towel radiator - results [PICTURES] Despite not viewing the property beforehand, Phil had big plans for the home. He said: “We are going to replace the boiler, that needs doing. New carpet, flooring throughout the property. “We are going to get rid of some of the feature walls and go neutral, ready for the rental market.” The bathroom was also going to be fully remodelled because it was the only room Phil “didn’t like”. Fortunately, the catering manager had a close circle of friends who were carpenters, electricians and plumbers to help him do the work. With a budget of £5,000, Homes Under the Hammer revisited Phil once he had completed the renovation work. The downstairs had been completely renovated, with fresh plaster, paint and carpet. There was also new flooring throughout. But the renovation hadn’t been easy for Phil who ended up fitting a whole new kitchen into the home. Phil said: “Doing the renovation, we found a couple of problems. “In the dining room, when I peeled off the wallpaper, the whole wall came down so we had to re-plaster the dining room and we had the same issue in the kitchen as well. Upstairs, the bedrooms had been given a complete makeover with fresh carpets and walls. The bathroom had also been completely replaced. Phil added: “My initial budget was £5,000. To date, so far, I think I’ve spent half of that.” With his timescale, Phil fell behind due to a death in the family. He said: “We had my grandmother pass away which put me behind by about three, four months…A little trivia, I actually have in the bathroom are two of the photos from her house. “So we put them up in the property for when we’re showing.” With a total spend of £73,500, how much profit could Phil be looking at getting if he sold the property? One expert said: “It’s been finished to a high standard. Looking at this property, I’d market it at £95,000.” The other estate agent said: “My expected price for this property would be offers in the region of £90,000, with a view to achieve up to £95,000.” Taking the upper valuation of £95,000 would mean Phil would see a £21,000 pre-tax profit. He had also increased the house price by £24,000.