The 77-year-old's appearance on stage at Buckingham Palace on Saturday night divided opinion, with many fans unhappy with his rendition of the Neil Diamond hit Sweet Caroline. Viewers watching the show live on BBC One were left baffled as to why the star was covering another person's song, particularly considering Stewart has a huge back catalogue of his own songs. Stewart, who was ranked 17th most successful artist on the Billboard Hot 100 All-Time Top Artists, defended the performance, claiming the broadcaster had asked him to sing it. He told BBC Entertainment News after the show that the song "wasn't my choice", and that while the track was good "it's not one of mine". While Stewart remains one of the country's most celebrated stars, how much he has earned through an illustrious career in music is often still hidden under wraps. But according to Celebrity Net Worth this year, Stewart has amassed around £238million ($300million) throughout his career. Amongst his portfolio and wealth are the impressive estates he has purchased throughout his career, which saw him claim a first number one in 1971 with Maggie May. The report notes that in 1896, Stewart bought a £700,000 property ($1million), which later sold for six times the price in March 2019. Six years before that he also purchased an 18th Century castle, complete with 50 acres of space. Other properties the crooner owns include an oceanfront home in Palm Beach, Florida, which is reported worth £16million ($20million), which was purchased in 1995. He also can count among his property portfolio a 20,000-square-foot mansion, found in a gated community on top of Beverly Hills, called Beverly Park. JUST IN: Zoe Ball blamed for 'painful' Jubilee version of Sweet Caroline This property is reported to be now worth around £48million ($60million). Stewart has eight children with five different women, ranging in age from 59 to 11. His son Alastair was born in 2005, when the hitmaker was 60, with then-fiance Penny Lancaster, with the couple marrying in 2007, and having a second child four years later called Aiden. Ahead of Saturday's performance, Stewart discussed his love of the Queen, and the Royal Family, with the BBC. DON'T MISS:Rod Stewart poses with family after ‘disappointing’ Jubilee show [INSIGHT]Rod Stewart 'disappointed' by Harry and Meghan's treatment of Queen [ANALYSIS]Dan Walker makes jibe at Rod Stewart's 'baffling' Jubilee performance [LATEST] He said: "I’ve grown up with this woman. "I was seven when she came to the throne, so she’s always been a part of my life and the fact that I’ve met her on seven occasions makes it even more important to me." He added: "She has been so much a part of my life, she’s almost like a sister. "She has always been in the background." Stewart was one of the celebrities chosen to perform for the Queen in the star-studded event, who was not in attendance due to “mobility issues.” Speaking to the BBC’s Naga Munchetty before his performance, Stewart said: “I’m so happy just to be part of it. ”Because there was a point where I thought: ‘Oh no, they don’t want me!’ And I was over the moon when I was signed on.” He continued: “I’m singing a song that I never ever sang before. “It’s going to be nerve-wracking because usually, I like to rehearse thoroughly, but this time I won’t have a chance.”