Katie McGlynn, 28, who played Sinead Tinker on Coronation Street, has revealed that she was haunted by a particular scene during her character’s battle with cervical cancer. In heartbreaking episodes, Sinead was diagnosed with the condition in 2018 and died the following year. However, for Katie, the storyline hit close to home as she had previously lost her beloved grandfather to prostate cancer.After witnessing her grandad go through his own treatment, she had an added insight as she navigated portraying Sinead’s illness.She explained in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk: “I remember one of the scenes, and it’s probably not even one of the key scenes but it always sticks in my mind, and that is the first time Sinead has chemo.  “It kind of messed my head up that day because as soon as I got in there, all the thoughts and memories of my grandad kept coming back into my head. READ MORE:Nick Knowles, 59, and girlfriend Katie Dadzie, 32, loved-up at Ascot “And then when Sinead was in her final week, all the little nuances and things that I was doing, I just had flickers of my grandad as well.  “I couldn’t not be reminded of him while I was doing that story, it would be weird if I didn’t.”Katie also says that she was conscious about showing the “full story” and doing it “justice” in a bid to encourage viewers to get checked.The former Strictly Come Dancing star continued: “After watching things on TV, I feel like they didn’t always give the full story. “I was thinking of people like my grandad, we had to go through all of that and it was just heartbreaking. I wanted to showcase it all so that people do get checked.”It comes as Katie has teamed up with men’s health charity, Prostate Cancer UK, ahead of Father’s Day to raise awareness about the disease.Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men, with one in eight contracting the disease.It is not always life-threatening and the earlier it is caught, the more likely it is to be cured. DON'T MISSJames Martin in rare outing with secretive girlfriend Louise Davies[PICTURES]Carol Vorderman, 61, puts on busty display in tight-fitting dress[LATEST]Repair Shop’s Will Kirk admits breaking down in tears after 'awful’ mo[INSIGHT] Discussing the campaign, Katie continued: “Prostate cancer doesn’t have a screening programme like cervical cancer or breast cancer.“It can be hard to detect. There are symptoms, but they are not always reliable.“So, we want to raise awareness, get people involved, and donate so that we can pull together and get this screening programme.” According to the NHS website, symptoms include an increased need to pee, difficulty while on the toilet, feeling that your bladder has not emptied fully and blood in urine.Although these symptoms do not always mean you have prostate cancer, it is important to go and get checked.To hear more about Katie’s story and how she is supporting Prostate Cancer UK this Father’s Day, visit: prostatecanceruk.org/the-sit-down You can watch The Sit Down with Katie, Jenny Powell and Arabella Chi here.