Coronation Street's troubled teenager Max (played by Paddy Beaver) has recently been keen to impress his new girlfriend, Sonya. After being expelled and trying to get on the straight and narrow, Max turned his interest to Sonya, and the pair began messaging online in the latest episode. However, ITV viewers came up with a worrying theory after they felt he wasn't really talking to Sonya. Max and Sonya began messaging one another online when she agreed to go on a date with him. As their messages flowed back and forth, fans became worried he was being pranked after Max was seen hanging out with a group of friends. The boys were seen winding him up, and viewers questioned if the teenagers were pranking him, with or without the help of Sonya. Viewers took to Twitter to express their theories with one another, with @mikepreistly13 commented: "I think it’s not the girl messaging Max it’s one of his 'mates' just a thought." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Chas Dingle in heartbreaking baby adoption twist @jazzxhunter replied: "Yeah, I said the same! And that's why they're saying to keep it quiet." @spartacus2906 asked: "Who Max is actually messaging… #Corrie." @itzzzo_ theorised: "Are we sure Max is talking to a girl, and it’s not just his mates winding him up?" With @MisTintehotbabe concluding: "I can see Max getting bullied and being the target of a prank with these new people." (sic) Official spoilers for the coming events also see Max getting nervous about his date as he decides to cook a surprise tea for David (Jack P. Shepherd) and Shona Platt (Julia Goulding). Curious as to why he is cooking for them, he admits that he wanted to practice his cooking skills before Sonya made her way over. If Sonya is on the other end of the messages, could his new romance see Max turn a corner and forget his troubled past? However, if Max's friends are pranking him, could this send Max back into his spiral of bad behaviour? DON'T MISS...Coronation Street fans predict Toyah's pregnancy as Adam exposes lies [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Tracy Barlow kills again in Ken Barlow twist [LATEST]Coronation Street fans fear for Toyah as Imran's real killer exposed [MORE] Max has recently been kicked out of school after it was revealed he was behind the spiking of fellow pupil Amy Barlow (Elle Mulvaney), a drink that was intended for teacher Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard). Daniel eventually found out about his wrongdoing and ended up being pushed down the stairs to save his own skin. Scared at the prospect of going to prison, Max decided to do a runner but ended up lacerating his leg on broken glass when trying to get his phone. He ended up collapsing in the street and was later found by Jacob Hay (Jack James Ryan) and was taken to hospital. Since his accident, Max has kept a low profile until a couple of weeks ago when David and his wife Shona had worried about sharing some news with him. Max only came clean about the incident in recent weeks, and Amy was shocked to find out that he was behind the incident. Could Amy get her revenge by telling Sonya what she knows? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.