Dame Kelly Holmes came out as gay this weekend and joined Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield on This Morning to talk about her sexuality. The Olympian broke down in tears on the ITV programme as she admitted she felt she needed to reveal she was gay after suffering from a breakdown.    Choking up, Kelly said: “But I became a self-harmer, I didn’t want to be here frankly at some points in my life. “I’ve been in a bad way a lot and in 2020 I had a really bad breakdown. I knew if I couldn’t release it, then I didn’t know what I was going to do, so I had to do it.” The Olympian’s new documentary Kelly Holmes: Being Me airs on ITV on Sunday. Read more: Phillip Schofield breaks down as Kelly Holmes opens up on coming out  In it, she explains that one of the reasons why she kept her sexuality a secret was because she was in the army. Until 2000, it was illegal to be gay in the army but Kelly admitted she “absolutely loved being a soldier”. Kelly revealed: “You were read the rules of homosexuality in the army - that it was illegal to be gay - and yet you can’t change who you are. “So I grew up with that fear in the head because I absolutely loved being a soldier in the army. It was something that I really wanted to do.”    “I was in there for nearly 10 years and yet I couldn’t express that. It was really difficult because there was interrogation that happened,” she said. “In the documentary, I explain it a lot and I speak to people that dealt with some shocking things, but for me personally, having raids, it was scary, humiliating, embarrassing.” She continued: “People were tipped off, the Royal Military Police would come into your barracks and literally turn everything upside down, take everything out, you’d be left with your belongings laying around. They were trying to find any evidence you might be. “If you got tipped off… you’d put everything into a box that wasn’t anything to do with your sexuality, into a box and hide it in the boot of a car because you don’t want to risk being court marshalled.” DON'T MISSRichard Madeley lashes out over rail strikes in GMB row  [INSIGHT]Lisa Nandy dodges strike probe as Raworth grills MP over action [VIDEO]GMB viewers demand Richard Madeley be removed over Rwanda question [INSIGHT] “But saying that the documentary also goes through how great it is now. “I’ve been so scared if anyone found out… for 34 years. It was only when I had a really bad breakdown in December 2020 that I knew I had to do something because it was so bad.” Kelly came out in an interview with the Sunday Mirror before opening up to her fans on Instagram.    She wrote: "I can finally breathe. Yes I have been petrified of putting this out - you have no idea. "This journey has been the hardest part of life. Living with any kind of fear is debilitating". Before 2000, gay, transgender and bisexual people in the military faced prison if their sexuality or gender identity was discovered. This changed after four servicemen and women won a case in the European Court of Human Rights after being sacked for being gay. This Morning airs on ITV on weekdays at 10am.   