  Dan Walker has insisted weather presenter Carol Kirkwood is an “integral” part of BBC Breakfast. The presenter explained Carol’s “magical” qualities in an interview with Olympic snowboarder Aimee Fuller.      Dan, 45, previously worked with Carol, 60, on BBC Breakfast before moving over to present Channel 5 News last month. He opened up about his former colleague during an interview for podcast Monday Mile with Aimee Fuller. Aimee shared an anecdote with Dan about how her nan had become starstruck when she met Carol at the BBC studios. “There’s something magical about Carol Kirkwood,” Dan confirmed. READ MORE: David Hasselhoff, 69 steps out with wife Hayley Roberts, 42     Dan then went on to share a story of how he had taken his former Strictly Come Dancing partner Nadiya Bychkova to him when he was working at the BBC. Nadiya helped Dan finish in fifth place on Strictly, despite the presenter having absolutely no previous dance experience. Dan insisted that, while the pair got along, Nadiya would end up preferring Carol. He told Aimee how he had anticipated that Carol would quickly become the dancer’s “favourite person on the planet”.      Once the pair had met, Nadiya confirmed Dan was indeed right and that she “loved” Carol. “Everyone loves Carol,” Dan added. He went on to describe how people questioned how the show might go on when stars such as Louise Minchin or himself left BBC Breakfast. “My point is always, ‘The show is much bigger than the people on it,’” Dan began. READ MORE... X Factor star hit by tragedy as fiancee dies on wedding morning [BREAKING] Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux  [INSIGHT] 'Horrendous!' Bake Off's Paul Hollywood on marriage breakdown scrutiny [NEWS]      “Apart from Carol Kirkwood!” he added with a laugh. “You can’t get rid of Carol. She is integral to that programme.” Carol joined the BBC as a weather presenter all the way back in 1998. She also participated in the 13th series of Strictly Come Dancing back in 2015.      Carol delighted viewers when she announced her engagement to her new partner live on BBC Breakfast last month. The star was previously married to Jimmy Kirkwood, whom she divorced in 2008. Dan joined BBC Breakfast in 2016, but left this year after he landed a new presenting role on Channel 5. Monday Mile with Aimee Fuller is available to listen to here.   