The 40-year-old cancer campaigner sadly died on Tuesday following a five-year battle with bowel cancer. She had been receiving hospice-at-home care but had continued to raise awareness of the signs of the disease and was determined to make the most of her final weeks. Speaking to BBC Breakfast on Wednesday, broadcaster and close friend of Deborah James, Tony Livesey, explained how she felt she'd done deals with the devil and confessed she was "scared" before her death. Talking about her bravery, he stated: "Another sign of her strength of character was in January after an interview, we put the phone down and she immediately collapsed, she had sepsis and almost died. "We subsequently talked about it, literally putting the phone down and she was in hospital being treated for it and she was still dictating pages of her book to someone sat next to her bed. "She had this amazing drive - she talked about it as a deal with the devil I think, she lived longer than she expected too, thank God. "And she said to me in her garden in that last interview, 'I can't do more deals with her devil,' kind of saying, 'My time's up.' READ MORE: McCartney's team hit out at BBC for Glasto farce "She was driven by a love for her family of course, but just had this inner drive to save lives. "Fame was a byproduct for Debs, she just wanted to save lives." BBC Breakfast host Nina Warhurst asked: "There was that moment where she said to you, 'Tony, I'm scared now,' what's it like hearing that from a mate?" Tony replied: "Subsequent to that interview going out, people said, 'How have you managed that?' "And to me, all I thought was we were just having a conversation on a park bench."  "And I did what I could, metaphorically I put my arm around her, and what can you say to someone who knows they're dying and knows they're frightened?" He continued: "My mum died when I was 13, and I didn't know she had cancer, she one day said to me, 'I don't think I'll ever get better.' "And I've processed that for the rest of my life, so all I could do with Debs is just say, 'I'm here if you want me.' "But it breaks your heart. All through, her and Rachel were fighters. DON'T MISS... Doctor shares heart-warming message from Deborah James [VIDEO]Sky reporter 'blocked' from asking Tom Felton about Rowling [LATEST]Wimbledon fans slam 'empty seats' during Andy Murray's match [REACTION] "And were determined to laugh at cancer, to ridicule it, to call it out, knowing, in the end, it would probably get them. "Never say someone's fighting cancer or battling cancer, they were adamant about that. "Rachel used to shout at me and she's knocked it out of me now. "Because it's not one person against the disease, they have the condition which many of us will have to cope with. "And it just happened that Rachel and Debs just coped with it like heroes. "And Debs showed a bit of vulnerability towards the end but my God, she was allowed to do that. "The answer to your question Nina is I just said, 'I'm here for you if you want,' there's not a lot else you can do. "It's a journey we all have to go on by ourselves ultimately, but Debs did it in the glare of the public eye - what a strong, powerful... the breadth of people paying tribute to her today... "I repeat myself but save your own lives, check yourself whether it's poo, breast, anything, go to the doctor's and check yourself." BBC Breakfast airs daily from 6am on BBC One.