Rafael Nadal has insisted his announcement on Saturday that he is expecting to become a father will not affect his tennis career. Nadal confirmed he plans to play Wimbledon next Monday and it looks as though this year's tournament won't be the last time he plays at SW19. The Spaniard, 36, announced on Instagram on Saturday morning that he was expecting a child with his wife Maria Francisca Perello, much to the delight of his fans. Many questioned whether he would stay committed to the sport amid rumours he could soon retire due to long-standing injury problems and the fact he faces the added responsibility of being a parent. But the Spaniard quashed those rumours by claiming the news will not 'change his professional career'. "My intention is to try to play at Wimbledon," Nadal said on Instagram. "On Monday I travel to London and see how the training week goes. I will train there for a week and play an exhibition match in Hurlingham. I'm not used to talking about my personal life because I'm already exposed enough. For peace of mind and the way we understand life together with the people I live with, we like to have a lower profile and in accordance with our privacy. "That said, and if all goes well, I'm going to be a father. I don't know how this is going to change my life, but I don't expect it to change my professional career. Thank you all for the love and respect you have always had." The Majorca-born star has the chance to claim his third Grand Slam of the year after winning the Australian Open and the French Open so far in 2022. A superb comeback win in the final against Daniil Medvedev in Melbourne was coupled by a straight-sets win over Casper Ruud at Roland Garros. Nadal has the chance to complete a Calendar Slam if he manages to win Wimbledon although he hasn't won the men's singles competition since 2010. He would then need to win the US Open. It would be the first Calendar Slam of any male since Rod Laver completed the sensational feat in 1969. Injury could hamper Nadal's progress as he aims to battle on in his illustrious career which has seen him become the most successful men's player of all time. The Spaniard will play in an exhibition next week at Hurlingham to get himself back towards peak fitness for the grass-court Grand Slam. And fans will be eager to see how he does in west London ahead of the first round at Wimbledon the following week.