Notice brown stains and marks on the inside of your tea cups and coffee mugs? There’s an easy way to get rid of them and it involves no scrubbing. Express.co.uk spoke to Howard Moss, CEO at Astonish about the best products for the job. The stains inside a ceramic cup or mug are caused by tannins. Tannins are a type of plant compound naturally found in foods and beverages, such as tea, coffee, chocolate and wine. Tannins don’t stain mugs immediately, this will happen over time. Some people choose to bleach the inside of their mugs to banish the stains, but bleach may not get rid of the tannin build-up, it will only bleach the area. READ MORE: Food hack: Avoid keeping butter in door compartment of fridge Many use a scouring pad and try applying pressure, but this is a time-consuming method. Howard, CEO at Astonish spoke about using Clean and Revive powder which requires no effort. He explained: “The specially tailored formula is made to banish ingrained stains with minimal effort. “No scrubbing is required for an easy clean. Leaves no residue and no smell. “Simply add a tablespoon and hot water and leave until cool.” DON'T MISS...Heineken warn Father’s Day beer competition on WhatsApp is a scam [NEWS]Why you should never boil rice - correct way to cook rice [GUIDE]Costa Coffee announces FREE iced drinks - here’s how to claim [LATEST] Astonish Specialist Clean and Revive is made specifically for “tea and coffee cups, teapots, flasks plus much more”. It’s formulated to “banish ingrained stains that dishwashers leaves behind, restoring items to like new”. If you have several mugs that need cleaning, Astonish recommends: “Adding one tablespoon (15-21g) of product to flasks or pots or half a tablespoon per cup. “Place stained cups, saucers etc. in the sink or on the draining board as the reaction may be vigorous and water may overflow. “Fill with hot (near boiling) water and leave to cool for one to two hours. “Rinse well with clean water after use. “For heavily stained items, repeat if necessary.” The product can be used on glazed ceramics, glass, stainless steel and plastic pots and flasks - all items must be dishwasher safe. Do not use it on gold, silver or aluminium. But does it work? The product has been given a five-star rating online. Lucy H left a review which read: “This product is a game-changer, and I have bought tubs of it for so many friends and family members now. Love it - so easy and brings mugs up sparkling! Use it once a month usually.” Clare M wrote: “Brilliant stuff! Gets tea stains from cup and teapots in minutes, with no damage.” Elizabeth M commented: “An excellent product which is easy to use and cleans off tea stains from teapots and flasks that could not be removed by scrubbing or bleach or even limescale remover. Amazing.” Astonish Specialist Clean and Revive is £3 if you buy direct from the website or £2.50 in Wilko. That works out to be 10p per 15g usage or 14p per 20g.