Leanne Stevenson launched a desperate search for her missing white cockapoo Charlie on Facebook after he went missing at 2.30pm on Tuesday in the Latchford area of Warrington in Cheshire. But in a bid to find her pet pooch, she claims she was approached by a man who claims to have Charlie - but at a price.  Ms Stevenson was told she would get Charlie back if she paid money upfront via a bank transfer. She posted on Facebook: “I have just had a call of a male saying he has my dog and that I have to pay him money upfront before meeting him if I want my dog back, I’m currently on the phone to the police. “The guys surname was woods. “And he has give me the following bank details: Sort code 090128 Account 54369892. “If anybody knows who this gentleman is I am now paying a reward for not only the save return of Charlie but for finding this bloke. “I do believe this is a scam however I’d like to find the male.” (sic) She contacted Cheshire Police to report the suspected scam. Cheshire Police told Express.co.uk: "Shortly after 7.30pm on Tuesday 31 May police were called to reports of a man contacting a woman in Latchford, Warrington in relation to her dog going missing. The man said he had her dog and asked for payment in order for it to be returned to her.  READ MORE: Sensational advice to give dogs SUNGLASSES to protect health  "Officers have spoken to the woman and she has not given money to the man. "Officers believe the call was a scam and their enquiries are ongoing. "Anyone with information is asked to contact Cheshire Constabulary online quoting IML 1282504." Meanwhile, Charlie, who wears a red tartan harness, is still missing.  DON'T MISS BGT 'fix' row as fans claim dog act was 'robbed' of place in final [CLAIMS]The Yorkshire Vet Peter Wright shares ageing fears after dog operation [INFO]'My faithful companion' Special corgi Susan helped Queen through grief [REVEALED] Ms Stevenson said he is “friendly” but “wary” of strangers so has asked members of public not to approach him. She posted: “My Cockapoo Charlie has been missing since 230pm on 31st May 2022, he has possibly headed into Novelis Factory warrington and over the field into the Latchford Area. “He was wearing his red harness at the time but he has possibly now lost this. “Charlie is very friendly however he is currently scared and surviving on his instincts, so if you see him please don’t try to chase him or catch him as this could make him flee and go further away from home. He is very very fast! “Please any sighting please message me on Facebook or contact me on 07395570706. “Alternatively take him to a local vets as he is chipped. Thank you all for sharing and thank you all for helping find him.” In another post, she added: “CHARLIE has still not been found, there has been a sighting of him on Barrymore Avenue/Bridgewater Avenue Latchford, he’s possibly lost his harness but this is not confirmed! “I’ve also been informed he’s possibly run into the back area of my street and over through the fences at Novelis Factory, if anyone has friends or family who work there please tell them to look out for him.  “I beg everyone of you who live in the area of Edgewater Park, and surrounding areas heading towards Kingsway South Bridge to please check your CCTV. “If people can also possibly check their sheds or garages incase he’s gone to look for somewhere to hide. “If you’re a dog Walker I’d be grateful if you could look out for him, and although it pains me to say, please check the water on your route. “Thank you to every single person who has helped me , I will be forever grateful.”