Newcastle United’s move for Reims striker Hugo Ekitike appears to have hit a stumbling block as the French striker does not seem keen on joining Eddie Howe’s side. The 19-year-old scored ten times in 24 Ligue 1 appearances and has been linked with a host of Premier League clubs, though he was close to joining the Magpies in January. When Newcastle’s pursuit of Ekitike ended they turned their attention to Burnley striker Chris Wood, who scored two goals in 16 appearances after Howe’s team activated the New Zealand star’s release clause. Reports had claimed that Newcastle agreed to a fee with Reims once again this summer and could be the club’s first signing of the summer, but the striker does not appear too keen on joining the Premier League side. TuttoMercatoWeb claim that there is an agreement between the two clubs of €35million (£29.8m) plus an additional €10million (£8.5m) as potential bonus payments, but the youngster has “no plans to accept the transfer”. The French youth international could be holding out for a move to what he perceives to be a bigger club, as he has been previously linked with Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain. The news will be a blow to Newcastle’s newly-appointed director of football Dan Ashworth, who finalised his move from Brighton on Tuesday. Ashworth, who previously worked for the English FA as part of their elite player development team, before joining Brighton as their technical director in 2018. He will be hoping to make a positive start to life in Newcastle as he and Howe will look to build on their strong end to the season which saw the Magpies finish 11th and the former Bournemouth boss nominated for the Premier League Manager of the Season award. Express Sport has looked at four players that could be exciting first signings for Ashworth, as a deal for Ekitike now looks more unlikely. Newcastle do have Wood and Callum Wilson on their books as strikers after Wilson made his return from injury in the 2-0 win over Arsenal, but the club are expected to add reinforcements in attacking areas as they push towards the European football places. Newcastle had a successful January window, their first under the new ownership as the signings of Bruno Guimaraes, Dan Burn and Matt Targett particularly were widely praised. Burn and Targett boosted a defence that improved hugely under Howe while Guimaraes added quality to the midfield and scored crucial goals against Arsenal, Norwich and Leicester City. Whether Ekitike will join the list of successful Newcastle signings remains to be seen, however, as the Toon will have to work to convince the French striker to join the club.