The long-sleeved graphic tops, which are selling for £10 in-store, are proving difficult to get hold of - with one customer likening it to "the PS5 scenario all over again". Many fans of the Netflix show are begging stores to restock, while others have taken advantage of the situation and have begun selling them on eBay for a significantly inflated fee. One listing, in particular, shows that people are willing to pay above and beyond to unleash their inner Hawkins High nerd, with the seller flogging just one coveted tee for £150, reports The Mirror. It is easy to see why the graphic top has proven so popular, looking more or less identical to the one sported by metalhead Eddie Munson and the rest of his Dungeons & Dragons team. After checking online for a UK size medium, it appears the top is still available in a few Primark stores up and down the country, including at branches in Bexleyheath, Derby, and Ipswich. However, there are far more red crosses than green ticks, as further illustrated by various fruitless shopping outings recounted via social media. It appears tackling The Mind Flayer himself may well be a far less arduous task than tracking down this particular clothing item. One person tweeted: "Trying to get the Stranger Things Hellfire Club T-Shirt in Primark is literally the PS5 scenario all over again. It’s sold out everywhere." Another lamented: "Every Primark in my whole county is sold out of Hellfire Club t-shirts. Please tell me what I've done to deserve this." A third fed-up person said: "Trying to explode everyone who got a Hellfire Club shirt with my mind. I raced down at seven this morning to my fourth Primark and nothing." A number of others have claimed to have seen their sizes in stock at their local store after checking online, only to find out this was not the case after actually getting there. Meanwhile, eBay sellers are profiting off such frustrations - for example, the £150 listing for a small top. According to the listing: "From a smoke-free, pet-free home. This has been packed and stored ready for delivery. Will be posted first class recorded delivery. "Sold out in the store and no restock as advised. This is sold in the men's department so sizing is men's sizing."