Just as the country is trying to come out of the worst health crisis most of us have ever known, and when the threat of a major recession hangs over households up and down the land, the RMT union is determined to make this a miserable summer of rail and Tube strikes. Promising the “fiercest resistance possible”, RMT leader Mick Lynch has shown that he cares not one jot about his fellow citizens. Disruptions will ruin people’s holidays, cause stress to those taking exams and put an extra burden on the economy. Lynch’s campaign is politically motivated, his methods antiquated, his attitude reprehensible. As such, he needs to be treated like a pariah. The legal ban on agency staff filling in for striking workers should be repealed. And if the Labour party had any genuine principles it would denounce Lynch and his cronies without reservation. This sort of industrial tyranny has no place in modern Britain. Britain has a massive immigration problem. Almost every day, migrants are paying criminal gangs huge fees in the hope of making it safely across the Channel to our shores. Some don’t make it, while people- smugglers walk away with blood money. For years, we have all said that something must be done – but nothing changes. Now, finally, something is being done. We accept that sending illegal migrants to resettle in Rwanda as part of a £120million deal with the African country is deeply controversial. We also accept that it’s a risky policy – but where would we be if controversial and risky decisions were never taken? Last week, a court ruled that the first flight to Rwanda should go ahead tomorrow and government minister Brandon Lewis yesterday confirmed the intention that this should happen. And so it should. We can no longer sit on our collective hands and hope that the migrant crisis just goes away. Let’s give this bold initiative a chance. Travel overseas has become a lottery. Cancelled flights galore, long delays at airports, people shuffled on and then off planes without ever actually taking off. And afterwards, acrimonious squabbles over refunds. But, hold on, Britain is set to be hotter than the Algarve this week thanks to a powerful Spanish plume of air, with temperatures reaching 90F. So get out the deckchairs, dust down those Panama hats and let’s enjoy our good fortune. Because it won’t last!