Ms Britton reported the Queen's former Governess, Marion Crawford, wrote and published a popular book about the Royals which ultimately resulted in her dismissal. The author claimed that the book lead to the decision for her to be cast out of the Royal Family. The Royal Family are known to be private about their personal lives and how they live day to day, despite much public prying and speculation.  Ms Britton claimed the Royal Family made it known that they were cutting ties with Governess Crawford by not sending her a Christmas card. She told Lorraine: "An insider and Crawfie Got caught up in a web, and I'm not going to say anymore. "But what happened was the book was published and she was cast out of the Royal Family and she didn't really know until not Christmas card came. "And then she left her grace and favour house and she retired, the book made her a lot of money so she went off to Scotland and stayed there until the end. JUST IN: Scale of Boris betrayal laid bare in stunning map – 90 rebels kept quiet     Ms Kelly said: "Right, but she was kind of cast..." Ms Britton added: "She was utterly cast out in modern language, she would say she was cancelled. "And in the book I've connected her with, you've probably seen him on the crown, Tommy Lascelles, who Margaret called a snake." "Because he was the one who stopped her marrying Phillips, Peter Phillips... Not Peter Phillips, Peter Townsend."  READ MORE:‘Three out of five’ Belgium mocks royal blunders in Queen’s Platinum Jubilee tribute    Ms Britton has now written and published a book about called the Good Servant which includes details about the former Governess. Another author, Wendy Holden has written about Ms Crawford's time with the Royal Family. Ms Holden wrote in the Telegraph: "She entered their service reluctantly. "A young trainee teacher, Marion Crawford, had been hired by Lady Rose to teach her daughter in the holidays. "Zooming in on the lively 22-year-old, the Duchess decided Marion was just the ticket for her own girls. "She turned her famous charm up to eleven and persuaded the doubtful student to come south for a trial month 'to see if you like us and we like you'."  Ms Holden also explained that it was "love at first sight" when describing the relationship between the Princesses and Crawfie. 