Dan Walker, 45, took to Twitter yesterday to mark the start of his “new TV life” as he prepares to appear on Channel 5 for the first time. In view of his 761,000 followers, Dan sent his former BBC Breakfast co-star, Sally Nugent, a message about his new job move. He shared a picture of himself sitting on the Channel 5 News desk as he prepares to appear on the channel’s flagship news programme for the first time. Dan made the comment as he announced he was appearing on Good Morning Britain this morning to discuss his new job. He wrote: “First day of my new TV life tomorrow and it will start in a very strange way… on @GMB “See you in the morning with @susannareid100 (thankfully not too early) and then at 5, on 5.” READ MORE: Deborah James answers critics after ‘uncalled for’ Meghan Markle jibe Tagging his former co-presenter, Dan added: “PS I still love you @sallynugent” Friends and fans of the TV star replied to his tweet wishing him luck on his new venture. Johnhorneartist said: “Good luck Dan with your new role on Channel 5 news, I know you'll do great, as you did on Breakfast. “I know a lot of viewers will miss you but wish you all the very best. “Also enjoy your time on GMB tomorrow, it's always the best morning TV with Susanna at the helm." BrianMcFadden added: “Good luck buddy. Deserve it! Your golf might suffer with all this working shenanigans though!” ITV News UK editor Paul Brand wrote: “Good luck at @itn Dan!” Last month, Dan bid farewell to BBC Breakfast after presenting the programme for six years. DON'T MISS...James Whale throws Lizzie Cundy off TalkTV for blasting Meghan Markle [LATEST]Piers Morgan's fresh jibe to Gary Lineker at Platinum Jubilee [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis' wife posts update from Jubilee pageant after accident [UPDATE] On April 4 of this year, Dan announced his exit with a clip in which he explained the move had been a “massive decision” to make. He said: “In the next few weeks I will be leaving BBC Breakfast and moving to 5 News and to Channel 5. “I'm really excited but this has also been a massive decision for me because I love BBC Breakfast, I love working alongside Sally and I love the team there. “But Channel 5 came with big ambitions, with big plans and I don't think opportunities like this come around very often and I can't wait.” Speaking on social media ahead of his exit last month, Dan admitted it felt "surreal" to be leaving his role on BBC Breakfast. Announcing his last day on the red sofa, Dan wrote: "So… my final day on #bbcbreakfast will be 2 weeks today! (May 17th) "It still feels a little surreal but @sallynugenttv has promised to bake me a goodbye tart," he penned alongside a laughing emoji. "Thank you for all the kind comments. You’re all lovely,” Dan concluded.  Watch Dan Walker present 5 News tonight at 5pm on Channel 5.