A driver in Wales has been fined £2,500 and given six points on his licence after a shocking video saw him tear past a cyclist, almost knocking him down, then jumping from his car to threaten him with a volley of abuse. He was handed the fine after initially claiming he wasn’t able to attend due to being bitten by a squirrel. In the video, filmed from the cyclist’s mounted camera, the car can be seen flying past at speed, causing the rider to almost lose control. Due to the coned-off area shown in the video, cars would have been expected to wait until it was safe to pass the cyclist. Changes to the Highway code brought in earlier this year meant car drivers always have to give at least 1.5metres of space when moving round a cyclist. READ MORE: BMW and Mercedes owners warned of car theft as police issue appeal As he struggles to maintain his balance, the cyclist, who goes by the name ‘Mike’ on his Youtube channel, shouts after the driver of the white Ford, calling him a f**king idiot. That results in the driver pulling over, getting out of his car and marching back down the road. The two exchange swear words, with the driver threatening to knock the rider off his bike. Eventually, as ‘Mike’ says ‘enjoy being contacted by the police’ the video ends. Mike explains on his YouTube video what happened after that, writing: "(The) driver (was) offered a £60 fine and drivers awareness course, he appealed the decision by operation SNAP (North Wales police). "A magistrates court date was set, I attended as a witness for the prosecution to show my evidence (this video). "The driver did not attend court because he was bitten by an animal (squirrel),” reported The Sun. He added: "The magistrates found in favour of the prosecution, he was prosecuted with driving without due care for other road users, costing the driver £1,690 and 6 points on his licence. "He appealed the magistrate's decision as he could not defend himself as he didn't attend court, there was another court date set and it was escalated to Crown Court, again I attended as a witness to show my evidence. “The driver again did not attend court. "The Crown Court found in favour of the prosecution and with the added Crown court costs took the driver's fine to £2,460 and 6 points on his licence." Many commenting on the video on social media were united in their anger at the car driver. James Roddis on Facebook said: "That has made my day, shocking driving, funny how he moans about him shouting while his daughter is in car but yet slams brakes on gets out and starts shouting and swearing." While Steve Gourley commented: "Was bitten by a squirrel, imagine the stress of having to make up a story for not attending court and that being the best you could come up with. "I bet the dog ate his homework a lot at school."