What our current monarch has achieved is awe-inspiring. None of us can imagine what it’s like to do a job for 70 years. She can’t resign when she feels ‘burned out’. She can’t take a career break or a duvet day. She can’t go and do another job. What is the longest time any of us have ever stuck at anything? Certainly rare to find anyone doing anything approaching 70 years. The Queen’s experience and service is not only greater than most of us have ever known, its more than any of us can even really imagine. Perhaps then, this goes some way towards explaining the magic of this monarch. What she has achieved is incomprehensible, unknowable, almost mystical. As her reign has gone on, this has only grown in magnitude. This level of continuity and service is not just about what the Queen does. It’s about what she is and what she represents. This goes to the very heart of what it means to be British. Ask anyone around the world about the British and they will tell you about the tradition, reliability and the continuity of Britain. The Queen represents an unbroken line that goes back almost 1000 years to William the Conqueror. Irrespective of where you were in the Brexit debate, it was a legitimate question: “Why should a country with almost 1000 years of unbroken sovereignty give way to one barely seventy years old?” When asked about the influence of the French Revolution, the late Chinese premier Zhou Enlai is reputed to have said: “it’s too early to say.” It was supposed to indicate something profound and say something about the patient and far-sighted nature of Chinese leaders, in comparison to Western democratic politicians. This was ironic given that when he said it the Chinese Communist Party was less than 50 years old. Britain is one of the world’s oldest democracies. It passed the first human rights legislation with Magna Carta in 1215. It has been at the forefront of human rights ever since. It is no accident that the document sits alongside the American Declaration of Independence in Washington DC. So, at some point in the next few days take a moment to consider what we have in this country. We’ve been privileged to witness one of the longest-serving monarchs dedicate her ‘whole life’ to one of the oldest democracies. She made good on her coronation vow. In a changing world, this really is quite something. The test of time is a powerful one. It is the best test. Of course, you’ll hear lots of people complaining in the country. They will be angry, even very angry about this or that. Have you ever seen The Queen rant and rave in anger? Of course not, her commitment and self-discipline would not allow it. And this is not because she’s without problems. She has many that are often made worse by the fact they are played out in public. And bear in mind something else, that when the country criticises, these complaints can be heard. That doesn’t make us weak. There are many countries out there where you won’t hear any complaints. That doesn’t make them strong. This country and even this monarch may have their faults, but perhaps chief among them is its tendency to dwell on the negative. So maybe we should just give thanks for an extraordinary person and her extraordinary service in what by any standards around the world, is an extraordinary country. Penny Mordaunt is Conservative MP for Portsmouth North and Minister of State for Trade Policy.