Tottenham have reportedly made Everton an eye-watering £100million package offer for Richarlison and Anthony Gordon after Daniel Levy had dinner with Toffees chairman Bill Kenwright in London on Monday evening. Spurs are seemingly in the ascendancy for the attacking duo with the north London club ready to fully back their manager Antonio Conte by paying big bucks to bring both players to the capital next season...  Tottenham's interest in Richarlison has been well documented for several weeks and they officially opened talks with Everton for the Brazilian last week. Yet in the past few days, it's become clear that he was not the only player of interest to Spurs - with Gordon also on their radar. The two clubs have been in dialogue over a deal for central midfielder Harry Winks, who is attracting interest from the Toffees as talks continue over a £20m move to Merseyside. But now the talks and negotiations have become fluid with both clubs keen to sign players as part of an extensive, complex transfer deal. READ MORE: Raphinha makes transfer decision affecting Arsenal and Spurs after Barcelona agent meeting According to The Sun, Tottenham have now offered £100m (£80m plus £20m in bonuses) for both Richarlison and Gordon, as they look to land both of Frank Lampard's highly-rated forwards in one, mega-money deal. Winks is still seemingly in line to move to Goodison Park, although other Premier League clubs are also interested in his services. Levy is understood to have dined with Kenwright in Scott's restaurant, Mayfair on Monday evening as he looked to thrash out a double deal with Everton. The pair have maintained good relations following Dele Alli's deadline day transfer to Goodison Park in January. DON'T MISS THE LATEST TRANSFER GOSSIPTottenham 'tracking three left-field attackers' in addition to Raphinha and RicharlisonLeeds 'receive mystery £60m Raphinha bid' from English club as Arsenal and Spurs circleTottenham 'could pull off surprise Leipzig deal' as new defensive transfer target emerges Interestingly, The Telegraph are also reporting that Spurs have offered Everton the chance to sign Steven Bergwijn as part of a deal to sign Richarlison. The Dutchman remains of huge interest to Ajax but they have been unable to agree a fee with Spurs. He is free to leave Tottenham this summer. Ajax offered £17m but Tottenham are looking for closer to £25m after signing the 24-year-old for £27m from PSV in January 2020. Richarlison is believed to have disclosed to his manager Lampard that he wants to pursue a new challenge, although he's cautious of souring his relationship with Everton supporters in doing so. The Selecao international, who is on course to make Tite's World Cup squad for Qatar, dreams of playing Champions League football, something he is yet to taste since arriving in Europe in 2017 with Watford. The Hornets do also have a clause that entitles them to 10 per cent of any fee Everton receive for the player, over £40m. Ideally, Everton do not want to sell any of their most-prized assets this summer after dangerously flirting with relegation last season. Dominic Calvert-Lewin is also attracting interest from Newcastle, meaning plenty of tough decisions lie ahead for the Toffees.