Our current heating systems could be outlawed in the same way that new petrol and diesel car sales will be banned from 2030. Yet experts insist it will be hugely expensive to replace the nation's 24 million gas boilers, and involve massive cost and disruption. Sir John Armitt, chairman of the National Infrastructure Commission, has doubled down on claims that gas boilers must be scrapped to help households tackle the cost of living crisis and go green. He said they must be completely outlawed by 2035, and called on the Government to abandon its caution and make a "bold intervention" to enforce a ban and decarbonise our homes. Armitt wrote in The Daily Telegraph: “A cut-off date with necessary milestones in place would provide certainty for investors in greener alternatives.” It would also provide a spur to industry to accelerate innovation in replacements such as air source heat pumps and ground source heat pumps, which will reduce upfront costs for consumers. READ MORE: Dragons’ Den pitch labelled ‘ridiculous’ is now the 'top ever brand' to come from the show Armitt said: "The implications of this are stark. Until we replace 24 million gas boilers, we will never reach net zero.” This is a man who has the ear of Boris Johson and his words will strike fear into homeowners, especially those who are considering changing their heating system, and will wonder what to do now. The public is understandably worried as we have all grown up with gas boilers, said Rebecca Armstrong, director of Mersey Eco Grants. “Heat pumps are a new technology and they have not been around long enough for us to fully trial their effectiveness,” she said. They are a new and unknown entity, Armstrong added. “Their effectiveness has yet to be seen when installed en masse.” Air source heat pumps are also very expensive and there are fewer qualified and experienced installers to do the work. Installing heat pumps can costs from £10,000 to £30,000, depending on the size on age of your property. In some cases, your entire heating system might have to be ripped out, including your radiators, with bigger ones required. Yet the government’s Boiler Upgrade Scheme gives grants of just £6,000 towards a ground source heat pump, or £5,000 towards an air source heat pumps. This will not be anywhere enough to cover the work in most cases. Heat pumps work best in well insulated homes with double or triple glazing, Armstrong said, which makes them less suitable for older properties. Yet the revolution won’t be stopped as the Government moves to net zero emissions while gas prices rise. “Sustainable sources are the future,” Armstrong said. Trudy Woolf, sustainability director at Legal & General Surveying Services, said with our homes contributing up to 40 percent of greenhouse emissions, gas boilers have to go. Homeowners who do not act could see the value of their home fall and it could even become unsellable. "If homes do not meet the required levels of energy performance, they risk losing value and becoming unattractive to future occupiers.” Woolf added: “It’s natural for people to be concerned about the costs involved but, as gas and electricity bills spiral, the long term savings some improvements can bring may become more tempting.” Matthew Jenkins, heating expert MyJobQuote.co.uk, said there is no point rushing into replacing a perfectly functional gas heating system when a ground source heat pump currently costs at least £10,000 to install, and possibly a lot more. He urged homeowners against making any decisions until exact dates are set for a complete ban. “By then, there may be incentives and grants created to make it easier and cheaper to make the change.” By delaying, you are giving time for new technologies and more efficient products to come onto the market. Jenkins added: “Just look after your gas boiler to ensure it lasts before changes are needed.”