Helen and Kieron Buxton have lost an incredible 27 stone between them in just two years. The couple decided to tackle their weight when Kieron was referred to Slimming World by his doctor after developing type 2 diabetes, which he has now reversed. The couple has now been awarded Slimming World’s Couple of the Year 2022. A couple from Nottingham has lost an incredible 27 stone between them after joining Slimming World on Valentine’s Day. Helen and Kieron Buxton joined Slimming World after a 12-week referral from Kieron’s GP. Kieron weighed 29st 12lbs before joining, after losing 19st 7lbs, he now weighs 10st 5lbs, has reversed his type 2 diabetes and no longer needs medication for the condition. Kieron, 50, said: “I’d been overweight for much of my life, to the point where I didn’t really acknowledge it anymore. “Being inactive, wearing 5XL shirts and asking for seatbelt extenders was just normal life for me. I was even used to the abuse that would get thrown at me in the street. READ MORE: Fitness: How to 'increase fat burning' in a heatwave - expert advice “It wasn’t until my doctor told me that an injury to my leg was struggling to heal because I’d developed type 2 diabetes that I decided to make a change. I knew that type 2 diabetes was often weight-related, so it was a big wake-up call for me. “I was almost 30st at the time and couldn’t even put my own shoes and socks on, Helen used to have to do it for me.” Helen, 51, was keen to support her husband of 16 years, explaining: “I had struggled with my weight since school and although I’d had the odd weight-loss attempt here and there, I never really had much success.” Helen weighed 18st 4.5lbs and lost 8st 1lb, making her weight now 10s 3.5lbs. “I thought joining Slimming World with Kieron would be a good way to support him and to improve my own health as well,” she added. DON'T MISS...5p hack to remove stubborn stains from clothes in 10mins - no washing [EXCLUSIVE]Food storage hack: How to keep celery crunchy for 4 weeks [GUIDE]Cornwall Airbnb superhost says people snubbing holiday lets [COMMENT] “It wasn’t until my doctor told me that an injury to my leg was struggling to heal because I’d developed type 2 diabetes that I decided to make a change. I knew that type 2 diabetes was often weight-related, so it was a big wake-up call for me. “I was almost 30st at the time and couldn’t even put my own shoes and socks on, Helen used to have to do it for me.” Helen, 51, was keen to support her husband of 16 years, explaining: “I had struggled with my weight since school and although I’d had the odd weight-loss attempt here and there, I never really had much success.” Helen weighed 18st 4.5lbs and lost 8st 1lb, making her weight now 10s 3.5lbs. “I thought joining Slimming World with Kieron would be a good way to support him and to improve my own health as well,” she added. “The first group we could attend happened to be on Valentine’s Day. We don’t usually celebrate it, but it turned out to be a great night for our marriage.” Helen and Kieron followed the eating plan and Kieron said: “I didn’t know much about Slimming World so I assumed I would be on a diet of salad and worried it would be very restrictive and complicated to follow. I was blown away when I discovered how wrong I was. “We found it really easy to fit the plan around our lives and we still eat our favourite meals like satay chicken, cottage pie and homemade chips – we just cook them in a different way – and we’re never hungry. “The group was really great too. I was worried about being judged, having my weight read aloud or being the only man, none of these things happened though and instead we found ourselves surrounded by so much support. “After a few weeks the country entered a national lockdown, so our group moved to a virtual service. READ MORE: Letitia Dean weight loss: How actress dropped 4 dress sizes “It was still brilliant in ensuring we never felt alone though – without the usual visits from our family and friends it became a bit of a lifeline for us. It was the highlight of our week and really kept us motivated.” The couple also took part in the physical activity programme, Body Magic and “loved it”. “This was really important for us as we hadn’t been active at all beforehand,” Kieron explained. “We found it reassuring that even little improvements to our activity all added up. I could barely walk 100 steps at first, but that didn’t matter because we were making those all-important changes.” Helen and Kieron’s gentle walks gradually increased until they were doing 10,000 steps a day or more. Kieron added: “Before losing weight we’d get the bus or the tram for even short journeys. “We’d started to really enjoy our walks though, so by the time Helen went back to work I started walking her there and back – most days I’d done a few miles before the ‘old me’ would have even woken up. I’m still in shock that such simple changes have totally transformed our lives. “I genuinely think that if I hadn’t tackled my weight when I did, I wouldn’t be alive right now.” Helen has dropped from a size 26 to a 12 and seen improvements in her rheumatoid arthritis. Kieron believes losing weight has had a positive impact on his mental health as well as physical health and he’s started volunteering with a mental health charity. Helen commented: “The difference in our lives really is amazing – it’s like the whole world has opened up for us. “We’re off to Berlin soon and for the first time ever we aren’t worried about being uncomfortable on the flight or asking for a seatbelt extender – we’re just looking forward to spending time together. For us, life really has begun at 50.”