The advice came during a Mass service last weekend in the Vatican to mark the end of the 10th World Meeting of Families. Catholic mums present at the service were told they should stop ironing their son’s shirts and encourage them to go and get married. The 85-year-old head of the Catholic Church also had some words of wisdom for men. He told them they shouldn't "take the easy road" by returning to their mothers in “moments of difficulty”. The advice came despite the Pope himself having never been married or having any children. He said: "We see so many young men who don’t have the courage to get married and mothers often say to me, 'Do something, speak to my son, who is not getting married and is 37-years-old'. "But Signora, don’t iron his shirts, make the first move by sending him out, let him leave the nest." He added that familial love "is not possessive, it's for freedom always. "And then, in the moments of difficulty, in crises – all families have them – please don’t take the easy road: 'I'm going back to Mum'. "No, move ahead with this courageous gamble. "There will be difficult moments, hard moments, but move ahead, always." The Pope also appeared to respond to the US Supreme Court’s overturning of constitutional protections for abortions last week. While he did not explicitly mention the ruling or abortion, the pontiff condemned "selfish" decisions that "thwart the desire to bring new lives into the world". He added: "Let us not allow the family to be poisoned by the toxins of selfishness, individualism, today's culture of indifference and waste, and as a result lose its very DNA, which is the spirit of welcoming and service." READ MORE: Pope takes aim at divorce with marriage plan [REVEAL] He has previously equated life-saving abortion procedures to "hiring a hitman to solve a problem". Speculation soared about the Pope's health after he was pictured needing help to stand up last week. The moment came shortly after Argentinian said that old age was "a time to find strength in frailty", and encouraged the elderly to embrace the helplessness that comes with it. The Pope also stoked discussion when he stated that Russia’s invasion of Ukraine was "perhaps in some way provoked".