Kerry Katona, 41, has been busy house-hunting with her fiance Ryan Mahoney, 33, in Marbella. The former Atomic Kitten star is hoping to find her dream home as they plan to move away from the UK. The TV personality shared snaps of her and Ryan enjoying the sun after a day of house hunting. In view of her 800,000 followers, Kerry penned: "We’ve had the best time out here in Spain looking for our new home with @liamwalsh_marbs @crystal_shore_properties." She added: "Honestly can’t wait for our new start. Can’t wait to come to continue the search." Addressing the move in her latest column, the former Atomic Kitten band member said she is "excited" to get the ball rolling. READ MORE: Piers Morgan says 'Amber Heard is like Meghan Markle' Last month Kerry revealed she plans to start a new life in Spain with her partner Ryan. The singer hopes to find her dream home and plans to "look at schools soon" ready for the big move abroad. Kerry detailed how she hopes to relocate in her latest OK! Magazine column by this time next year. She revealed: "We are likely to do another 12 months in the UK."   The former singer also explained how she went to London for work the week before and the long journey put her off staying in the UK due to the trip taking a whole day. She shared how you can hop on a plane and be in Marbella in "less time". Kerry has five children from previous relationships, Molly Marie McFadden, 20, Lilly-Sue McFadden, 19, Heidi Croft, 15, Maxwell Croft, 14, and Dylan-Jorge Kay, eight. It comes after the on-screen personality opened up about her plans to move house after "not feeling safe" because of the ordeal she went through last year, as she expressed her regret at moving back "up north" to Cheshire. DON'T MISS... GMB's Charlotte Hawkins exudes elegance in show-stopper at Royal Ascot[LATEST]Sir Lenny Henry questions lack of diversity at Glastonbury[OPINION]BTS fans in tears as K-Pop superstars bid emotional farewell[MUSIC] In December Kerry was left completely devastated when her Range Rover was stolen while out shopping, and 11 days after her fiancé Ryan's car was taken from outside their home. Addressing the incident in her column for New! Magazine, she talked about moving out of her home. Kerry added that it's "really is a horrible feeling knowing that someone has been to your home," before explaining that she felt "violated" and still doesn't feel safe despite it happening weeks ago. The mum-of-five then revealed that she can't wait to move out of her current abode and buy a home with her fiancé. "We’re currently renting where we are," she told readers, before explaining how she had mulled over buying the place they are renting but have now decided against it. She concluded by saying the family will stay in the same area that they are in now. Back in December when the cars were stolen, Kerry said: "Two cars gone in 11 days. Been completely and utterly watched and targeted. Makes me feel really unsafe that they've been to my home." In an emotional Instagram video, the former Atomic Kitten member then added: "Kinda really regretting moving back up North if I'm honest."