Lee Anderson, speaking to GB News, was locked in a fierce argument with journalist Nina Myskow over the BBC’s coverage of the Prime Minister’s no-confidence vote on Monday. When Ms Myskow said the BBC was only “mirroring the people” and their beliefs, which, according to the latest polls, are overwhelming out of favour of Mr Johnson, Mr Anderson accused her of “talking nonsense”. Mr Anderson said: “At the moment, the BBC is actually the official opposition in this country. The Labour Party is next to useless. “It’s the BBC and the mainstream media that are beating us with a stick. And quite frankly, some of the behaviour from the BBC, they’re like vultures circling. “They’re pecking at the Prime Minister all the time. Look, I’m not happy with everything he’s done but leave the man alone. Give him a break, and let him get on with running this country.” After being prompted by GB News host Dan Wootton, Ms Myskow said: “I disagree entirely with Lee.    “Just because someone has a different point of view to the one you do, you think that they are biased. “There is no witch hunt. A witch hunt is an unfair vendetta, which means it has no authority to attack somebody. “The BBC are only mirroring the people. A YouGov poll has said that 70 percent of people do not want to move on. They are not happy with this. Mr Anderson, having sarcastically put his thumbs up to his camera during Ms Myskow’s points, said angrily: “When was the last time you spoke to people in my constituency? You’re talking nonsense. Absolute nonsense.” READ MORE: PMQs LIVE: 'Last chance' Boris issued warning ahead of Starmer battle [LIVE]   Boris Johnson will face Parliament for the first time since surviving a confidence vote, with pressure mounting to spell out how he plans to cut taxes to win back support from the 41 percent of Tory MPs who did not back him. Mr Johnson's allies can be expected to stage a public show of support when he steps up for his weekly Prime Minister's Questions session. But tensions are running high after 148 of the 359 Conservative MPs refused to support him in the vote of confidence. The range of issues that have caused discontent in the Tory ranks means there is no single response the Prime Minister can make to win over doubters. DON'T MISS: GMB viewers slam 'desperate' interview with Boris Johnson's ex [REVEAL]Ian Blackford savaged over SNP's Queen Jubilee snub [REPORT]Brexit LIVE: Tensions erupt as Irish PM savages 'bad faith' Britain [LIVE]  While it was the Sue Gray report into lockdown parties in Downing Street which prompted the confidence vote, it also revealed deep unhappiness among MPs on different wings of the party across a range of issues. They include promised legislation to override the Northern Ireland Protocol with the EU, as well as concerns over the high levels of tax and spending amid reports that rebel MPs could start staging "vote strikes" on policies they oppose. In an attempt to rebuild his standing in the party, Mr Johnson has pledged further tax cuts and is under pressure from MPs and ministers to show how he can ease the burden on households and businesses. After Mr Johnson insisted on Tuesday it remained a "fundamental Conservative instinct" to cut taxes, Chancellor Rishi Sunak used a speech to the Onward think tank to reaffirm his intention to reduce taxes for business in the autumn.   