There are many reasons why the biggest names in golf might consider joining the Saudi-funded LIV Golf Invitational Series. However, with £20million in prize money on offer in each of their eight scheduled events this year, it's fair to assume money is a major motivation for most of those turning their back on the PGA Tour. Lee Westwood is one of the 48 names taking part in this weekend's inaugural LIV event at the Centurion Club in St. Albans, Hertfordshire. But while some have appeared squeamish when quizzed on their reasons for joining the breakaway competition amid accusations of 'sportswashing', the 29-year pro veteran has been among the more honest. "This is my job," said Westwood in May after confirming he had requested a release from the PGA and DP World Tours. "I do this for money. It’s not the only reason for doing it. But if anybody comes along and gives any of us a chance at a pay rise, then you have to seriously consider it, don’t you?" That stance is of course fair in any economy, but fans have noticed a certain double standard in Westwood's views. That's after the 49-year-old made a jibe about football's heavyweights when plans for a ring-fenced European Super League emerged in April 2021. READ MORE Dustin Johnson drops huge bombshell as he quits PGA Tour for rebel Saudi golf circuit  It was then that Westwood tweeted a GIF of someone making 'snow angels' in piles of cash, with the caption 'European Super League'. The short-lived competition was effectively a money-making ploy concocted by some of the continent's biggest clubs, who would have turned away from the domestic leagues in which some of them had rich histories. The similarities between the European Super League and the LIV Golf Series have not been lost on many fans of the sport. The rebel golf tournament—which is bankrolled by Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund (PIF)—has assured it will not interfere with the PGA schedule, though there's no guarantee that will be the case in the coming years. DON'T MISS Phil Mickelson dodges PGA Tour ban question ahead of Saudi debut and makes US Open stance LIV golf explained: Saudi-funded tournament which Tiger Woods rejected Rory McIlroy leaves practice range in hysterics after takedown of golf icon Sir Nick Faldo  The PGA released a memo on Thursday confirming any players participating or planning to participate in the LIV Golf Series would be suspended. Former world No. 1 Dustin Johnson had already announced his resignation from the Tour, while Phil Mickelson, Sergio Garcia, Louis Oosthuizen and others will be absent. Westwood is also among that contingent facing an uncertain future in regards to the Tour and golf's majors, as well as the Ryder Cup. The Nottingham native has every right to prioritise a pay rise, but he didn't appear to be an advocate of such plans when it was football's elite considering rebellion.