Meghan Markle and Prince Harry renewed their lease for Frogmore Cottage after it was announced that Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank are moving to Portugal. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are back in the UK for the Platinum Jubilee and are staying in their former royal home, Frogmore Cottage.  Suzanne Roynon, an expert interiors therapist and Feng Shui consultant spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to offer her analysis. She claimed: “In Feng Shui terms, after the significant renovations of 2019, Frogmore Cottage would be regarded as a ‘Bad for People/Good for Money’ property.” Ms Roynon noted: “The couple had been riding high in public opinion after their wedding in May 2018, but at the time of their move to Frogmore things their popularity waned and stories of a rift between the couple and other members of the Royal Family emerged. “Tension and stress is something we see all the time in Feng Shui when people live in or move into a property which isn’t supportive,” opined Roynon. READ MORE: Kate Middleton has 'most popular diet' - 'had to work for attributes' “The energy of a home can make or break a family when it isn’t providing the balance and harmony they need. “A ‘Bad for People’ property can cause divorce, illness, emotional and mental health issues and a feeling of total overwhelm, almost as though the world is ‘out to get you’. “It’s easily fixed with the right interventions, but even the beautiful interior design scheme created by Vicky Charles of Soho Farmhouse renown, won’t in itself have been sufficient to iron out the pockets of negativity within Frogmore Cottage. “This ‘Bad for People’ energy will have put immense pressure on the couple and left a sour taste as they settled in, I imagine the tension this created and the impact on their wellbeing ultimately resulted in their painful decision to move abroad to build a new life primarily as private citizens.” Ms Roynon suggested: “Harry and Meghan are clearly drawn to neutral colours which are known to provide a sense of calm and security. “From the few images available of the interior of Frogmore Cottage on Princess Eugenie’s Instagram feed, and by comparing the décor with the Duke and Duchess’s new home in Montecito, California, both couples are comfortable with a palette of white, cream and grey. “Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank will have added their own personal touches to the space, but the original relaxed and elegant styling decisions made by Meghan and Harry are likely to remain at the core of the design scheme.  “They provide a tasteful, soft base which would work in any home.” Ms Roynon said: “With her love of art and a keen interest in her charity work, the snippets we’ve seen online of Princess Eugenie’s former home reveal the importance of a comfortable, homely family space encompassing her ethical perspective and the importance of her anti-slavery message. “She and her husband have worked hard to establish a warm and friendly environment for their son and seem to have rebalanced the home either by accident or design to support the Feng Shui and reduce the impact of the ‘Bad for People’ energy.  “I predict Frogmore Cottage will provide a welcome base for Harry, Meghan, Archie and baby Lilibet for at least part of their Platinum Jubliee visit, and they will be happy to know their home is in safe hands.” Frogmore Cottage, on the grounds of Windsor Castle, was renovated from old staff accommodation into a luxurious five-bedroom home. After the couple relocated to the USA, Princess Eugenie, her husband Jack Brooksbank and her baby son August made Frogmore Cottage their home with Prince Harry’s blessing. However earlier this week it was announced Eugenie and Jack are moving to Portugal, and when they are in the UK they will stay in Ivy Cottage in Kensington Palace. Meghan and Harry will continue to stay in Frogmore Cottage whenever the couple is back in the UK. 