Dan Walker worked for the BBC as part of the BBC Breakfast team for 13 years, having chatted with all kinds of guests on the famous red sofa since 2016. A new journalist is temporarily filling in for the presenter and viewers are keen to find out more about him. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about Jon Kay. Jon Kay has been covering for Dan Walker since he moved over to Channel 5, and the news correspondent joined the BBC in 1993. He worked as a trainee reporter for a couple of local radio stations before moving to London to work as a political reporter and news correspondent. Viewers may recognise him from his coverage of the 2012 Olympics, and he has worked as a foreign correspondent in LA. The star spent some time living in California where he studied at high school. His degree is in politics, and he attended the University of Exeter. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes in candid admission over family concerns Jon, who was born in Hull, is married to his wife Francesca Kasteliz, a former BBC News journalist. The couple met through work as they worked together in Bristol in 1998. The 52-year-old has three children with Francesca. As a couple they travelled the globe for a year, reporting from various locations including China and Mexico.  Away from BBC Breakfast, Jon hosts a true crime podcast on BBC Sounds, called Fairy Meadow. The podcast investigates the disappearance of Cheryl Grimmer,  a three-year-old who was kidnapped from Fairy Meadow Beach in Wollongong, New South Wales, in January 1970. In 2014, he reported from Portugal on the investigation into the disappearance of Madeleine McCann. He has also reported from Cape Town on the trial of Shrien Dewani. DON'T MISS... Harry and Meghan 'kept under control' - Royal expert praises Camilla'You’re letting down working people!' Labour skewered by RMT bossBBC Breakfast staff 'uneasy' over ‘hasty’ Dan Walker replacement The star is on Twitter and he regularly updates fans on his latest success stories and ventures. In June 2022 he said: "I’ve just been told that #FairyMeadow has now had more than 2.5 MILLION listens - making it one of the top five podcasts on @BBCSounds this year. "So pleased that the story of Cheryl Grimmer and her family has finally reached a wider audience." In one of his latest posts, he poked fun at BBC Morning Live after a viral video of presenter Janette Manrara accidentally kicking a dog in the face was shared. He shared the video of Janette kicking the dog during a dance routine, saying: "Anything @BBCMorningLive can do… Let’s try this tomorrow morning @sallynugent?? #BBCBreakfast @GethincJones." The BBC had been advertising Dan Walker’s role externally and viewers were keen to know whether Jon would become the permanent host. A source from the BBC confirmed to the Daily Star that he is likely to secure the role "on a long-term basis". Since Dan’s last day on May 17, Jon has been presenting alongside co-host Sally Nugent. BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One from 6am.  