The Culture Secretary took to social media to voice her frustration about the RMT's upcoming rail strike. Ms Dorries said: "Weeks ago, union said it would never negotiate with a Tory Government. "Now, complaining that there haven’t been talks with ‘the Government'." The Mid Bedfordshire MP accompanied her tweet with #makeyourmindup. Members of the RMT Union confirmed 40,000 workers from Network Rail and 13 train firms will take action on June 21, 23 and 25 over both pay and redundancies. The action is expected to leave only half of Britain's rail network open on strike days and there will be very limited service on lines which remain available. JUST IN: Boris hails Brexit Britain's 'regained' ability to boost relationship with Commonwealth Strike action has led to across despatch box spats between Labour and the Conservatives. Sir Keir Starmer, who was stung by accusations of being "boring", included an attack against Boris Johnson while dropping jokes about Love Island and Star Wars at Prime Minister's Questions. The Labour leader said: "I don’t want the strikes to go ahead but he does. "He wants the country to grind to a halt so he can feed off the division." READ MORE: 'Breaking own law!' EU shoots itself in foot with Brexit trade threats – must follow WTO Mr Johnson responded by lambasting the Leader of the Opposition. He accused Mr Starmer of being "on the side" of RMT strikers. Mr Johnson added: "We are on the side of the travelling public." Transport Secretary Grant Shapps has since called on the Labour leader to "put people above your party coffers" by rejecting donations from any unions involved in the strikes. DON'T MISS:Von der Leyen has a masterplan to deal with Liz Truss [INSIGHT]Charles issued warning over Royal Family's future after Rwanda row [REACTION]Putin's troops sustain such serious losses they can't attack [ANALYSIS] Mr Shapps' letter comes after it was revealed RMT gave Labour and CLP's £250,000 over the last decade. The Welwyn Hatfield MP added: "The public will not forgive the Labour Party for siding with those who are attempting to bring our country to a standstill next week. "It’s time for Labour to stop backing these strikes, and urge your union paymasters to talk, not walk." Mr Shapps' stinging attack on the Labour leader came after the Mail on Sunday claimed minutes from a meeting of Labour’s ruling body showed Sir Keir opposed Government moves to restrict industrial action by the Aslef train drivers’ union.