Aquatic hero The Deep (played by Chace Crawford) is once again under the thumb of the Seven’s narcissistic team leader, Homelander (Antony Starr) in the brand new season of dark superhero parody, The Boys. However, that could all change after the psychotic Supe tortured his teammate with a rather unappetising meal at the start of the Amazon Prime Video drama’s new season. Kevin Moskowitz/The Deep could become a vital ally in the fight against Homelander after his cruel and unusual torture in episode three of The Boys’ third season. In Barbary Coast, the series’ answer to Aquaman is reinstated into the Seven, angering Annie January/Starbright (Erin Moriarty), whom he sexually assaulted when she first joined the team. To ensure his returning teammate doesn’t step out of line, Homelander forces the Deep to consume one of his close sealife friends, an octopus named Timothy. After apologising to his eight-armed companion, he picks him up and eats him alive, in what has to be one of the most stomach-churning moments in The Boys history. READ MORE: 'Where's Tom Jones?' Viewers torn as Diana Ross closes Jubilee concert His compliance may keep him in good stead with the Seven’s wildly unpredictable captain for now, but it might not be long before the Deep starts to resent his place on the superhero squad’s food chain. If the Deep catches wind of Starlight and her boyfriend Hughie Campbell’s (Jack Quaid) plans to take down the Supes, he may finally start to confront where his loyalties lie. Much like earlier iterations of DC’s underwater hero, the Deep’s oceanic abilities are often regarded as a joke by members of the Seven and their fans. However, he has regularly proven himself to be a formidable adversary to Billy Butcher (Karl Urban) and others who have stood in the way of the Seven’s domination. At some point during the rest of season three, Homelander’s cruel bullying could prove too much and force the Deep to join forces with the show’s eponymous anti-Supe taskforce. Butcher and Hughie have already proven they’re not opposed to using powers to achieve their goals, as a smuggled batch of temporary V24 have already aided a bout with superpowered marksman, Gunpowder (Sean Patrick Flanery). Once the Deep realises a government-endorsed task force has made it their mission to take down Homelander, he may try to quietly make his exit from the Seven to join their cause. While fans wait for the next episode to drop on Friday, Deep star Chace has opened up exclusively to Express.co.uk about filming one of his character’s most unpleasant sequences so far. DON'T MISS:NCIS’ Brian Dietzen speaks out on effect of Mark Harmon exit [INTERVIEW]Conversations With Friends director on Rooney’s next book [INSIGHT]The Boys’ Jensen Ackles ‘had to fight’ for Soldier Boy role [EXCLUSIVE] “It was awesome, yeah, we were friends before, it was tough,” he joked. He went on to explain how the mixture of practical effects and CGI was achieved to ensure the Deep’s slimy feast was as gruesome as possible. Chace continued: “There was some actual, like, half-eating. There was one version of it where the legs were like mochi, like a dough. Just gross! “It was actually really well planned out and organised, and they did a few tests before. “So, on the day, it was pretty quick. We only did a couple of takes of like three different set-ups. “And I had tape and string on my face and something pulling it to add in later. Credit to Stefan [Fleet] for really making that look amazingly disgusting.” Fans of the unhinged comic book drama already know there’ll be plenty more disgusting ordeals to come for the heroes in the next few weeks, but they’ll have to tune in each Friday to see where the Deep’s destiny lies. The Boys season 3 continues Fridays on Amazon Prime Video.