Toto Wolff and Christian Horner’s porpoising row at the Canadian Grand Prix could have been down to creating extra drama for Netflix’s Drive to Survive TV series, claims Otmar Szafnauer. He said it was “hard to tell” if the cameras led to the argument between the pair after reports an intense discussion boiled over. But, Szafnauer added any extra drama was “good” for F1. He explained the on-screen excitement creates a “bit more attraction to our sport” and helps draw new fans in. Szafnauer commented: “It certainly added to my reticence not to say anything!" So is it good for the fans? Does it help all of us if they understand some of that stuff? Maybe. Does it create drama that otherwise wouldn't be there? "I don't know. It's hard to tell, because it's not a controlled experiment. We've got to have the same meeting without them there, so I don't know. I think [with] that kind of stuff, if the fans see it, and understand it, it just creates a bit more attraction to our sport. I think that's good.” READ MORE: Bernie Ecclestone fires shots at 'liar' Lewis Hamilton The heated debate came after Wolff disagreed with Horner and Binotto over bouncing issues at the team principal’s meeting in Canada. According to the Daily Mail, Wolff 'lost his s***' and went into 'full Abu Dhabi spec' as he argued the need for further changes to solve porpoising issues. However, Horner and Binotto were leading the debate against changes and hit back at Wolff. Horner reportedly told Wolff to “put his own house in order” during the argument while Binotto also waded in. The Ferrari boss claimed Wolff was only pushing for changes because Mercedes had got their designs wrong. One source said: “It was a row on a different scale from any of the press conference spats we have seen before." DON'T MISSDavid Coulthard explains Lewis Hamilton and George Russell debate [INSIGHT]Ecclestone agrees with Ferrari's concerns over 'dangerous' FIA move [COMMENT]Mercedes and Ferrari's worst fears could come true in Red Bull hint [ANALYSIS] Horner has also claimed the meeting was hyped up due to the inclusion of Netflix's cameras. He later said: “I think there was an element of theatre going on in that meeting. “Maybe with Lewis' new movie coming along, he could get Toto involved in that. As a meeting, it was a shame that... I'm trying to pick my words carefully here.”