The Duchess of Sussex reached out to the family of Irma Garcia, a fourth-grade teacher at Robb Elementary who died in the shooting on May 24. Mum-of-four, Garcia, 48, was one of the 21 people, 19 children, who died in the horrific incident. Just two days after her tragic death, her husband suffered a fatal heart attack, leaving behind their two boys and two girls. Prince Harry’s wife, Meghan Markle came in touch with the grieving relatives of the devastated family. John Martinez, a nephew of Garcia, wrote on his Twitter profile how the Duchess contacted his mum over the phone, in a touching move. The 21-year-old wrote: “The way my mom just got off the phone with Meghan Markle… “The Duchess, she’s so sweet and lovely, she really went out of her way to check on the family, it means so much.” Re-tweeting the young man’s post, journalist Lorraine King praised the Duchess for her kind gesture. Ms King wrote: “Meghan Markle has been in contact with the relatives of one of the teachers murdered in the horrific Ulvade school shooting. “No cameras, no fanfare just a private telephone conversation. This is such a kind-hearted thing to do”. On the next day after the rampage, it emerged that the Texas gunman who murdered 19 children and two teachers posted an online message warning minutes before he attacked. The gunman, 18-year-old Salvador Ramos, also sent a message on Tuesday saying he was going to shoot his grandmother and another one confirming he had done so, Governor Greg Abbott said at a news conference. Ramos' grandmother, whom the suspect shot in the face shortly before attacking the school, survived and called police. Ramos gave no warning except the online posts. After shooting his grandmother, he fled the home they shared and crashed his car near Robb Elementary School in Uvalde, Texas, about 80 miles (130 km) west of San Antonio. A school police officer approached him outside the building, according to officials, but no gunfire was exchanged. Authorities offered few additional details of that encounter, which is likely to become a focus of investigations, except that the suspect dropped a bag full of ammunition on the ground and ran toward the school when he saw the officer.