The recipe has been dubbed the "best ice coffee ever" by creator Harleen. The food and drink fanatic creates easy and delicious recipes for her social media accounts, where fans follow along. She detailed her caramel iced coffee recipe in a TikTok video, which to date has amassed over 105,000 views. Fans praised the cooled caffeinated drink. One wrote: "It’s the best." Another said, "It’s actually really nice!" while one wrote, "That looks great". Harleen used a special liquid coffee concentrate product for the brew, however, it could be swapped for a shot of espresso. How does Harleen make her yummy, chilled creation in just two minutes? READ MORE: 'Fresh for weeks': How to keep carrots crunchy, berries mould-free and greens crispy Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea DON'T MISSKeep veg and lettuce fresh with a genius tip [HACKS] BBQ food ideas: 'Bring extra flavour' with genius easy tip [EXPERT] Perfect summer 'Pimms' recipe with a surprising ingredient [FOOD] Harleen boasts over 43k followers on her TikTok account harleen.eats, where she has amassed over 2.4million "likes". She also posts recipes on her Instagram account @harleen.eats. Harleen is a coffee devotee and has posted a lot of recipes using her Nespresso machine. She showed fans how she creates a simple caramel iced coffee with the kitchen tool. In this version of the recipe, first Harleen pours milk over her ice. Then she places the mixture under her Nespresso machine and creates an espresso directly into the drink. She tops this with caramel sauce and then gives the drink a stir. Another, slightly more complicated, recipe from Happy Foods Tube uses instant coffee to make iced coffee. It requires instant coffee, ice, water, milk, brown sugar, a blender or shaker, and syrup. Dissolve the instant coffee granules or powder in 125ml of cold water. Add the ice, coffee shot and milk into the blender and blitz until a smooth foam forms. You can flavour the drink with syprup or brown sugar, if you like. Then a glass with ice and pour the coffee over it before enjoying.