Princess Anne has been married to her second husband Vice Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence for three decades, and Tim is known to be a huge support to both the Princess Royal and the Queen. Tim was one of a select group of royals invited to join the Queen for Trooping the Colour this year on the Buckingham Palace balcony, which demonstrated to the world just how high the monarch's regard is for her son-in-law.  There were six family members present on the palace balcony who were not working royals: Prince George, Princess Charlotte, Prince Louis, Lady Louise Windsor, James, Viscount Severn and Vice Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence. Notably, Sir Tim was the only one out of the six exceptional invitees who was not born into the Royal Family. While Sir Tim is not officially a working royal he frequently supports Princess Anne with her duties, which the Queen made clear was the reason behind his Trooping attendance in a statement before the celebrations took place. A palace spokesman said: "After careful consideration, the Queen has decided this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday, June 2, will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen.  READ MORE: Inside Kate and William's luxurious 20-room second home “In addition the Cambridge and Wessex children are also expected to appear as is Sir Tim Laurence, who the Queen is happy to attend as a frequent attendee and support for the Princess Royal on official engagements.” Earlier this year Sir Tim accompanied Anne on her Platinum Jubilee royal tour to Australia and Papua New Guinea, and this week he filled in for his wife at a royal engagement. Sir Tim made the crowds at the Founder's Day Parade at the Royal Hospital Chelsea break out in laughter as he made light of his attendance in his wife's place. He said: "Asking me to stand in for my wife at an event like this is a bit like asking Mrs Harry Kane to lead the England football team out.   "Or, possibly, to take a penalty for England as her husband did the night before last." Sir Tim's self-deprecating humour won him approval from royal fans and commentators, with royal expert Vickie Arbiter tweeting: "A dry and very witty open from Mr Princess Anne AKA Vice Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence... what a great sense of humour he has." Sir Tim is a retired Royal Navy officer, and in the 1980s he served as an equerry to the Queen. He was promoted to the rank of rear admiral in 2004, and later vice admiral in 2007.  DON'T MISS:Princess Anne's husband leaves crowd in stitches with joke [INSIGHT]Princess Anne ‘burst into laughter’ over ‘skimpy tie’ [ANALYSIS]Inside Zara Tindall's £750,000 estate in Gloucestershire with Mike [PICTURES] While he received no royal title when he married Anne in 1992 in Scotland, he has been granted several honours by the Queen in the years since. He was made a personal aide-de-camp to the Queen in 2008, and a few years later he was created a Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (KCVO). Anne was previously married to Captain Mark Phillips from 1973 to 1992 and the couple had two children, Peter Phillips and Zara Tindall. Sir Tim is step-father to Anne's two children and step-grandfather to Savannah Phillips, Isla Phillips, Mia Tindall, Lena Tindall and Lucas Tindall. 