If you thought your broadband was slow wait until you see what Nokia has just achieved. Whilst millions of UK homes continue to struggle with dismal downloads, the famous Finnish phone firm has revealed a new technology that's pushing internet speeds to a whole new level. In fact, the company says it's been able to whizz files across the web at 100Gbps. At that rapid rate, it would take just less than a second to download a full HD movie or just four seconds to install a blockbuster PS5 game. As a comparison, homes with a standard 70Mbps connection (the current UK average), would have to wait over seven minutes to watch a film and around two hours before they'd be able to play that PS5 title. The update has been made possible thanks to something called 100G PON technology which is capable of blasting the web around the world at much faster speeds. READ MORE: Best UK Broadband Deals (June 2022): Drop Your Monthly Price and Unlock Faster Speeds The best part is, Nokia says these ludicrous downloads could be made possible using current infrastructure which means a rollout could happen much faster as there would be no need to dig up the street and lay new cables. That's what is currently slowing down the rollout of full-fibre to UK homes as it's hugely expensive and time-consuming to install this improved technology. Speaking about the new speeds, Stefaan Vanhastel, CTO Nokia Fixed Networks, said: “Fibre is the ultimate broadband infrastructure. It has almost unlimited capacity with only changes to the electronics at either end needed to increase speed. Today, fibre can already deliver 10G and 25G speeds. 50G will be available in the second half of this decade. With this proof-of-concept demo, we show that 100G is already within reach; all with the fibre network infrastructure that is being built today.” This isn't the first time that Nokia has trialled faster speeds with the firm joining forces with BT to show off what's possible. The two companies tested 25G PON last year with 25Gbps speeds available via this upgrade. Right now the fastest speeds possible from BT are around 1Gbps which makes this upgrade 25 times faster. Speaking last year, Peter Bell, Director, Network Technology at Openreach said: “As the country’s largest digital infrastructure provider, it’s crucial that we continue to plan, innovate and evolve our network, to make sure we have the capacity and capabilities that the UK needs in the future.