The Umbrella Academy has been missing for the past couple of years with no sign of another season during this time. Fortunately, the wait is almost over as the comic book drama returns for a third outing on Netflix. Number Five (played by Aidan Gallagher) and the rest of the Hargreeves children will be back for the next lot of episodes. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Umbrella Academy. Number Five was one of the seven babies adopted by Sir Reginald Hargreeves (Colm Feore) who had the intention of training them to save the world using their powers. In total, there were 43 super-powered children who were born on the 12th hour on the first day of October 1989. Five, who is also referred to as The Boy, has the ability to travel through space and time. But it is because of his powers that he is actually a lot older than what his physical appearance makes him out to be. READ MORE: Gary Lineker's 'racist abuse' claims blasted by Martin Daubney In the second season of The Umbrella Academy, Five was a couple of decades older than his brothers and sisters. This was down to him time jumping into the future but he wasn't able to return for years. During this period, he became trapped in a teenager's body, despite him really being around 58 years old. So he may seem to be the youngest sibling of the Hargreeves family, but Five has the most life experience out of all of them. Five is played by actor Aidan Gallagher who is a teenager rather than a man in his 50s in real life. Gallagher was born on September 18, 2003, which means he will be turning 19 in just a few months' time. Talking about the character with Looper, Gallagher explained: "It is such an incredible privilege to get to play the different complexities of Five because of how many things he's been through. "At the very top of that is him being a 58-year-old inside a 13-year-old, time-travelling assassin who spent 45 years of his life in this apocalyptic wasteland where everyone and everything he knew is dead." DON'T MISS...Harry and Meghan 'kept under control' - Royal expert praises Camilla [ROYAL]Who play the Sparrows in The Umbrella Academy? [CAST]The Umbrella Academy season 3 release time: What time is it out? [EXPLAINER] He continued: "And so, with all of those different complexities, whenever I approach a scene with Five, I always want to make sure that I capture that because the comic books did such an incredible job of portraying all of that all at once. "You have this cunning, and there's a certain sharpness to Five's eyes. "Down to that very minute detail, I wanted to make sure that I portrayed that, I did justice to that." Netflix subscribers will get to see what Five gets up to next when the drama returns for season three. The Umbrella Academy is back this week for its third series on Netflix. As with the first two series, season three is going to consist of 10 episodes in total which will be released in one go. The streaming service hasn't officially confirmed the show's future just yet but there have been rumours a fourth season will follow. The Umbrella Academy season 3 premieres on Wednesday, June 22, on Netflix.