In regards to property, capital gains tax is a tax that a person must pay on any profit or gain they have made when they sell a property that is not their main home. The gain is the difference between what was paid for the property and the amount that it was sold for later. For example, if a person purchased a property for £130,000, but sold it several years later for £160,000, then they would pay capital gains on the £30,000 difference. Properties on which capital gains are paid include second homes such as holiday accommodation and properties which were purchased with the intention to be let out, even if it is the only property the person owns. Individuals who own more than one property can choose which property is classed as their main residence. For 2022-23, capital gains tax is payable on the sale of a residential property at 28 percent for higher rate taxpayers and 18 percent for basic rate taxpayers. The capital gains tax allowance for 2022-23 is £12,300 and will only be paid on the gains over this amount. For those who a married or in a civil partnership, the rate can be combined so would stand at £24,600. READ MORE: Inheritance warning as Britons shell out £100,000 unnecessarily  A person can claim private residence relief for the period that they used the property they are selling as their main residence, as well as the final nine months that they owned the property. This means that if a person bought the property in 2012, for £300,000 and sold it for £400,000 in 2022 but they lived in the property for five of the 10 years, then they would only pay for half of the gains. If a person still owns the property for more than nine months after they’ve moved out, they will then pay capital gains on the months not covered by private residence relief. READ MORE: Dave Ramsey suggests how widow who 'can't afford to eat' can get by Before April 2020, this time period was halved from 18 months to nine. Lettings relief is available for those who share the occupancy of the home with tenants that they out to. To calculate how much relief one can get, a person will need to work out the proportion of their home that’s let out and if eligible, they can get up to £40,000 in Letting Relief. These reliefs are the only way that a person can reduce their capital gains tax liabilities. Firms usually urge sellers to discuss the capital gains liabilities with their solicitors before making any decisions. Sellers can also payments such as solicitors’ and estate agents’ fees from the capital gains they make on the sale of their property. People will still have to pay the fees however, they won’t have to pay tax on that amount of their capital gain. In April 2020, the government introduced new rules for capital gains and extended the amount of time people had to report and pay the tax due from 30 days to 60 days. This meant that taxpayers had 60 days from the completion of the sale to report and pay the tax owed to Her Majesty’s Revenue and Customs (HMRC). Failure to do so could result in penalties and interest charges. People do not have to pay capital gains on a property if they did not buy the property to make a gain, have lived in the property as their main home for all the time that they’ve owned it and they have not let part of that home, excluding any single lodgers, They also won’t have to pay if no part has been used exclusively for business purposes and the grounds including all the buildings are less than 2,000 square meter