Reports in Uruguay claim Manchester United and Newcastle are both set to submit bids for Darwin Nunez and as of now, they are supposedly the clubs closest to signing the Benfica star. The two Premier League sides are part of a long list of potential suitors for the 22-year-old, who struck 34 times in all competitions this season at club level. Newcastle pondered a January deal but decided to explore other avenues including Burnley's Chris Wood and Stade Reims' Hugo Ekitike. But the Magpies have retained an interest in Nunez and his value has continued to rise amid excellent form in the second half of the campaign. According to Uruguayan journalist Sebas Giovanelli, both United and Newcastle 'are bidding' for Nunez and they are the clubs 'that are closest to signing the attacker at this time.' Benfica might have something to say about that though as they continue to demand a premium for the centre-forward. READ MORE: Benfica respond to Man Utd 'swap deal offer for Darwin Nunez' with counter proposal Giovanelli is believed to have close contacts to Nunez's ex-agent, while he also broke the news that Facundo Pellistri was signing for United. Express Sport understands they are seeking upwards of £67m in order to agree to a sale, a figure yet to arrive on the table. United have watched Nunez in action more than 15 times this season but are yet to fully commit to a blockbuster deal. Instead, they are seemingly biding their time to assess who exactly the new boss Erik ten Hag wants to recruit. READ MOREMan Utd can pay £2m more for better signing if Ajax star Jurrien Timber snubs transferBenfica respond to Man Utd 'swap deal offer for Darwin Nunez' with counter proposalLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting There have been murmurs that he is in love with the idea of signing Nunez, who dumped his Ajax side out of the Champions League knockout stages earlier this season. Their biggest rivals for Nunez alongside Newcastle could be Liverpool though, who are seemingly open to the idea of signing the South American frontman with Sadio Mane heading for the exit door. Jurgen Klopp made no secret of the fact he rates Nunez highly following Liverpool's Champions League encounters with Benfica this season. Nunez netted in each quarter-final meeting and was a constant threat during both legs up against Virgil van Dijk. Benfica are resigned to losing Nunez this summer and want to strike while the iron is hot to maximise the fee they receive for the player. The Lisbon-based club want to sign Ricardo Horta from Braga to bolster their attacking options, while striker Petar Musa has already signed from Boavista. Ideally, Benfica would like the money upfront as opposed to instalments. Nunez seems set to move to the Premier League over any other top-five European league.