Britons will be able to enjoy celebrations for Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee this week, thanks to a special four-day bank holiday weekend. One of the main events involves the Royal Air Force (RAF) Acrobatic Team, more commonly known as the Red Arrows. The jets will perform a jaw dropping routine, alongside the Battle of Britain Memorial Flight. As part of a 70 strong group of aircraft, the world renowned Red Arrows will take to the skies on Thursday. They will be joined by the Lancaster Bomber, Supermarine Spitfire and Hawker Hurricane, that make up the Battle of Britain Memorial Flight. The Queen’s Trooping the Colour parade will take place on the same day, and be rounded off by the aircraft flying over Buckingham Palace. But before and after visiting London, the flypast will cover different parts of England. So, where exactly will the route extend to?  READ MORE: Sussexes will lockdown in royal fortress during Jubilee return At 11.45am, on Thursday, the aircraft will assemble in the vicinity of The Wash - a bay located on the North West corner of East Anglia - before navigating The North Sea. The Flight will head back to the tip of East Anglia before heading south, at around 12.15pm over Swaffham and Thetford in Norfolk, onto Ipswich, and then over Colchester in Essex. Between 12.40pm and 1.30pm the flypast will be located within London, and move over the Palace at around 1pm. Onlookers in parts of Hampshire, Berkshire and Oxfordshire will then have the chance to take in the famous routine.  The counties are included as part of what’s been dubbed as Area G of the flypast route. Up next will be parts of Gloucestershire, including Cirencester and Chedworth - Area H. And the final section of the route will cover towns, such as Marlborough and Tidworth, in Wiltshire. The flypast route is split into areas A to I, with London resting in areas E and F, which covers nearly the entire capital.  DON'T MISS: Armed police storm London high street after major incident [EXPLAINER]Princess Eugenie and husband Jack to move to Portugal [NEWS]Jubilee row explodes as Harry and Meghan told they are 'NOT welcome' [INSIGHT] Area F will take in parts of South London, such as Mitcham and Croydon, as well as Surrey. According to the map, the flypast will miss some areas in North London, like Wood Green. However, it’s important to note that the route and timings are approximate. As with any event of this magnitude the weather will have a significant influence on timings, so while bearing in mind the estimated plan be prepared for last minute changes.  Timings for the flypast route are as follows: 