Harmony Tan secured the best win of her career as she beat Serena Williams on Centre Court at Wimbledon on Tuesday night. However, she has seriously upset her doubles partner by withdrawing from the doubles draw with a thigh injury.  Tan and Williams battled for over three hours as the French star came through an epic third-set tiebreak to book her place in the second round. The match finished at 10.30pm and Tan was due to be in doubles action on Wednesday. However, the 24-year-old has pulled out citing an injury and the short notice has angered her opponent. "My partner Harmony Tan retire (sic) from our doubles just today in the morning. For me not fair to tell me so late," Tamara Korpatsch ranted on Instagram. "She can't run cause she played three-hour match yesterday. "Sorry but I've played 6:33h in one day and played a singles match the next day. It is really not fair and I'm very sad and disappointed that I can't play my 1st Grand Slam doubles."   Tan and Korpatsch are regular doubles partners on the ITF circuit but have never played a Grand Slam together. Their relationship has taken a sour turn after Tan decided to focus on her singles campaign at the All England Club. The world No 115 takes on No 32 seed Sara Sorribes Tormo in round two on Thursday. After beating Williams in round one, Tan said: "It's a dream because, you know, I saw Serena on the TV when I was young. My coach, Nathalie Tauziat, played her 20 years ago. So, yeah, it's a big generation, yeah. "She's a legend. I mean, she won 23 Grand Slam. When you play her, I was scared. I mean, I was scared when I was on the court, but really happy to be there."  It's unclear when Williams will return to action after being sent home from SW19 early but she has no regrets about her spirited performance. "Maybe tomorrow I could have gave more," she explained. "Maybe a week ago I could have gave more. But today was what I could do. "At some point you have to be able to be okay with that. And that's all I can do. I can't change time or anything, so... That's all I could do on this particular day."  