Manchester United want to sign a new striker this summer and Cristiano Ronaldo is happy for that to happen. The Portugal international scored 24 goals across all competitions last term but, as he enters the twilight years of his career, the Red Devils know they can’t rely on him forever. However, with that being the case, the club now need their controversial owners the Glazers to act. It was reported back in April that Ronaldo was more than happy for United to sign a new striker. He knows he can’t play every single Premier League game as he enters the twilight years of his career at the age of 37. And with Anthony Martial not good enough, Mason Greenwood suspended and Edinson Cavani now gone, it’s clear United need to act in that regard. However, right now, talk of a new marksman arriving at Old Trafford has gone worryingly quiet. That’s not necessarily a bad thing, with United making a habit of surprise signings in recent years. Examples include Donny van de Beek, Daniel James and Henrikh Mkhitaryan. But there’s still a possibility that, as the new season creeps closer by the day, United will be left short. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer Their current priority is in midfield, particularly after the departures of Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba. Frenkie de Jong is their dream target, while United also admire the likes of Ruben Neves, Kalvin Phillips and Declan Rice - of Wolves, Leeds and West Ham respectively. United also want a right-back, amid expectations that Aaron Wan-Bissaka will be shown the door just three years after his arrival from Crystal Palace. And a new centre-back is also being targeted with Eric Bailly, Axel Tuanzebe and Phil Jones all deemed surplus to requirements. When it comes to landing a new forward, however, it’s unclear what will happen. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links Ralf Rangnick wanted United to act on that front back in January, saying before his exit: “We should have tried to sign a player in the 48 hours we had, since we knew Mason wouldn’t be available and Anthony had already left on loan. “We were also aware Edinson might not be available for eight out of 10 games, but we didn’t do it. “There were a few. Diaz, who is now at Liverpool, Alvarez, who will be at Manchester City in the summer, and Vlahovic, who at the time was still with Fiorentina. “The answer was 'no' and that was it. I spoke to the board and told them 'shouldn’t we at least speak and analyse and find if we can at least get a player, on loan or a permanent deal'. “In the end the answer was 'no'. Maybe they didn’t want to do any winter business.” Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team But no names are really being linked at present. Wingers are. Christopher Nkunku and Antony, of RB Leipzig and Ajax respectively, are both being targeted. But United really need an established goal-getter to keep Ronaldo on his toes and step in whenever the 37-year-old needs a breather. Whether the Glazers can deliver that, in arguably the biggest summer in the club’s recent history, remains to be seen. Ronaldo, meanwhile, called on United to ‘give Ten Hag’ time as they prepare to work together at Old Trafford. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "I know that he has done a fantastic job at Ajax, and that he is an experienced coach,” he said. “But we have to give him time. "Things must change the way he wants. If he does well, all of Manchester United will be successful, so I wish him well. “We are all happy and excited, not only as players, but as fans as well. “We have to believe that next year we can win titles."