A parking space in Kingston House South, Knightsbridge, London has been put up for sale for £60,000. However, the spot has a massive concrete bollard taking up half of the available space meaning that drivers will very likely struggle to park anything other than a motorcycle or a very small car. It is also believed that motorists planning on buying the spot will face a bidding war. The listing was submitted onto Rightmove, a property site, by estate agents Gordon Lindsay Associates. However, the spot is not the easiest to sell. The listing history shows that the asking price for the parking space has already been reduced on May 30. READ MORE: Hybrid cars are a much better choice than EVs The Rightmove listing reads: "A leasehold parking space in Kingston House South, Ennismore Gardens. Lease 150 years from 25 March 1990." It adds that there is a service charge for the year 2021 / 2022 which will come to £218.74. The parking space is located less than a mile away from South Kensington, Knightsbridge and Gloucester Road stations, and has great transport links. The news comes after a parking spot in Cornwall was put up on the market for an eye-watering £80,000. DON'T MISS Driver charged £229 after paying £85 for parking that doesn't exist [SHOCKING] Urgent warning issued to drivers as thieves target road signs [WARNING] Parking on pavements is ‘selfish’ and ‘inconsiderate’ [REVEAL] The parking spot with a garage is in the middle of the picturesque Cornish fishing village Port Isaac. It seems to have attracted a premium due to the lack of off-street parking available. Advertised with John Bray Estates, the garage comes without water or power but does have an added "spacious" store which measures 5m by 3m. According to the estate agent, the listing has already had some viewings from those looking to invest in the village, which is used as a location for shows like Doc Martin. Charlie Hambly, of John Bray Estates who is selling the spot, said: "The attached store provides plenty of space for the kind of paraphernalia that accumulates in seaside locations, from small boats, surfboards, and wakeboards to life jackets and wetsuits, the list goes on and on. "Parking and storage are very scarce in the village with many properties having none at all, so this separate garage represents a big problem solver. "It’s in a good location, close to the centre of the village. "We had a couple of viewings today, mostly people based in and around Port Isaac who need storage or who own holiday cottages here." The owner of a pub in Port Isaac described parking in the village as non-existent, adding that he was not surprised by its selling price, reported Cornwall Live. He said: "There is a main car park and a council park on New Road but it’s not near enough. "It’s a premium and people, especially second-home owners, would pay silly prices.”