Dame Deborah James, 40, has announced a new update in her campaign to raise awareness of bowel cancer. The podcast host has now partnered with Tesco in the supermarket’s efforts to increase knowledge of the signs and symptoms associated with the illness. Deborah announced the news in a post to her 988,000 Instagram followers.  She reshared Tesco’s advert which featured a smiling Deborah holding an array of bright pink balloons with the Tesco and Cancer Research UK logos emblazoned on them,Deborah wrote in the caption: “I’m so proud to be exclusively partnering with @tescofood to raise awareness of the signs and symptoms of bowel cancer on their Luxury Soft loo roll.  “Together with WEPA UK they are donating £300,000 to Bowelbabe Fund for [Cancer Research UK]." READ MORE:Kirstie Allsopp blasts 'thrilled' men as Roe vs Wade overturned Deborah added in her Story that she is “very happy that this is happening”.The Tesco advert states that the supermarket’s own-brand Luxury Soft toilet roll will now include information about the symptoms of bowel cancer.It adds that anyone who notices unusual changes to their bowel habits should talk to a GP or find more information via the Cancer Research UK website.The ad also says that members of the public can receive a free, confidential consultation with a Tesco Pharmacist. Hundreds of Deborah’s followers took to the comments to praise her for all her efforts, including the official account for Cancer Research.A spokesperson said: “Thank you Deborah for your unwavering support. We’re with you every step of the way.”Presenter Gaby Roslin also commented, saying: “Blooming love you my darling. This is really incredible.”Founder of In The Style, Adam Frisby, penned: “You never stop Debs. You have raised so much awareness and money it is truly unbelievable and will help an incredible amount of people.” DON'T MISSGary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux[INSIGHT]'Disgusting' Piers Morgan slams Prince Harry's 'terrible' decision[NEWS]Paul McCartney splits Glastonbury fans with Johnny Depp video[LATEST] And model Jada Sezer praised: “This is going to have such an impact. I mean, you are truly unstoppable.”Through her campaigning, Deborah has also raised more than £6 million for her Bowelbabe Fund which will pay for clinical trials and research into the condition.She was diagnosed with bowel cancer in 2016 and has amassed a large public following through documenting her battle.Sadly, Deborah announced last month that her body could not “continue anymore” and she is now receiving end of life care. Since then, Deborah’s fundraising efforts were noticed by the Queen who awarded Deborah a Damehood, prompting Prince William to visit her home for afternoon tea.She has also released a clothing line with fashion brand InTheStyle, with all proceeds going to the Bowelbabe Fund.On top of this, she has made charitable plans for her book, How To Live When You Could Be Dead, with proceeds going to help fight bowel cancer.