Manchester United have reportedly made their first offer to sign Christian Eriksen. The Dane surpassed expectations after signing a short-term deal with Brentford last season, and with a bid for Barcelona's Frenkie de Jong threatening to stall, new boss Erik ten Hag has acted swiftly to put a back-up plan in place. Eriksen suffered a cardiac arrest at Euro 2020 that threw his career into jeopardy. He was fitted with a heart-starting device that prevented him from continuing at Inter Milan, and Brentford were the first to take a punt on him by putting together a short-term contract in January. And he did not let the Bees down, notching one goal and four assists in just 11 Premier League appearances to ensure they stayed in the top-flight. Available on a free transfer this summer upon the expiration of his Brentford contract, The Athletic claim that United have officially made an offer to bring him to Old Trafford. Ten Hag has seemingly had his sights set on De Jong since taking the reins this summer, but cash-strapped Barca are waiting for a mammoth fee. Eriksen therefore represents a considerably cheaper alternative that would be comfortable slotting straight into the first team. JUST IN: West Ham could do Tottenham big favour after Spurs 'agree £25m Yves Bissouma transfer'  Improving matters in midfield is viewed as a priority for Ten Hag during his early days in charge, and he has effectively been forced to start again by the departures of Paul Pogba, Nemanja Matic, Jesse Lingard and Juan Mata. Eriksen has a recent track record of making teams tick as Brentford won seven of the 11 matches in which he featured. For the deal to progress, United would have to fend off rival interest from Tottenham. Meanwhile, Brentford would naturally be keen to keep Eriksen around, and they have the advantage of guaranteeing him a talismanic role in the squad ahead of this year's World Cup. READ MORE: Man Utd made mistake eight years ago and could do it again this summer  Eriksen was in action on Monday night as Denmark comfortably beat Ralf Rangnick's Austria 2-0 at the Parken Stadium, one year and a day after the midfielder's horrifying ordeal at Euro 2020. Much like with the Bees, Eriksen has made a habit out of winning with his national team as they top their Nations League group, which contains 2018 World Cup finalists France and Croatia. "I have different offers and options, which we are considering, and then we make a decision," he admitted to Viaplay. "I would love to play Champions League football again. I know how much fun it is, but it isn’t essential for me." Having finished sixth last season, Eriksen would have to settle for the Europa League if he gave the nod on a move to Old Trafford. Spurs may hold an advantage in that regard after clinching fourth under Antonio Conte, not to mention the fact that they could offer him a nostalgic reunion with adoring fans.  It remains to be seen whether United have genuinely switched focus from De Jong to Eriksen with Barcelona playing hardball. The Dutchman was supposedly warming to the idea of reuniting with Ten Hag, despite initially claiming that he would prefer to continue at the Camp Nou. United's approach for Eriksen will, naturally, have the colateral effect of piling the pressure on Barca to accept a lower offer if they are keen to cash in. Auctioning off players like De Jong could be imperative if Xavi is keen to splash out on new faces over the coming weeks. 