Prince Louis’s antics during the Jubilee pageant made waves on social media, with a frenzy of royal fans rushing to express their love for the Prince’s hilarious attitude. The four-year-old made a number of brilliant expressions throughout the event, as well as some very sweet interactions with his family. However, some social media users felt the need to analyse the Duchess of Cambridge’s parenting through the event and criticise the Prince’s behaviour. In particular, a moment where Louis playfully touches his mother’s mouth has been decried as a sign that she hasn’t property raised him, rather than being a sign of a four-year-old having fun. But the Duchess’s fans were quick to leap to her defence, with one saying Kate “deserves better”. Sharing a heartwarming photo of Louis cuddling up to his mum, social media user @RoyallyBelle_ said: “This photo of Catherine and Prince Louis says it all. “A loving mum navigating parenting 3 children with the eyes of the world on her and criticism at every turn. She deserves better.” Another had a similar thought, tweeting: “To me the whole parade showed in fact how close Louis is to his mum- not the other way round.” @gemmabjohnson directly confronted critics, telling them to “get a grip”. They said: “Anyone critiquing her or William need to get a grip. “He is four years old, show me any child who would sit for that long like an angel? “He enjoyed himself and that's all.” In one moment, Prince Louis cheekily tried to grab some of Lena Tindall’s sweets before she pulled them away, an interaction captured by the cameras. Later he could be seen laughing with Kate when he was excited at the passing parade. One royal fan said: “In 50 years, they'll be reflecting on it and laughing about how cheeky he was being, and I'm most certain Gan Gan [their affectionate name for the Queen] loved every second of it.” DON'T MISS: Royal fans in stitches as Lena Tindall slaps down Prince Louis [REVEAL]Kate and William praised by Supernanny after Louis' Jubilee appearance [INSIGHT]Fan frenzy as Louis divides opinion with antics [ANALYSIS] @LindaBa75413879 added: “The Duchess of Cambridge is not your standard mother in a standard household. “Very intelligent, interested in the world around her and with household and family support to enable her to be at her husband's side. “Doing very well during an incredibly busy 4 day period with family.” Author Christina Hopkinson said Prince Louis antics were the “joy of being the third-born”. She added: “All hail Prince Louis, the little face-pulling, raspberry-blowing, mother-baiting pre-schooler. “His antics on the Buckingham Palace balcony and in the royal box during the Jubilee Pageant rivalled only Paddington Bear in scene-stealing appeal.”