Nick Kyrgios has claimed he will play the ATP Finals event with countryman Thanasi Kokkinakis after he pulled out of their doubles match at Wimbledon shortly after beating Filip Krajinovic to advance to the third round in the singles tournament. The friends teamed up to win their home Grand Slam tournament at the Australian Open back in January. Kyrgios withdrew from the men's doubles event at Wimbledon shortly after a masterclass straight-sets victory over Krajnovic. The Aussie had hinted that he may not be taking to Court 18 for the match later today during his on-court interview following his singles victory. Asked whether he still had a "goal" to make it to the year-end ATP Finals with Kokkinakis - as the two are currently in the race following their Australian Open title win - the 27-year-old responded: "I think we are in the Finals." He was then questioned over whether the team's title win in Melbourne had qualifier in them and added: "I think so." The former world No 13 then committed to the tournament in Turin, despite it being held at the end of the season in November, as he decalred: "We will play, yeah." JUST IN: Katie Boulter in tears with Wimbledon win 2 days after grandma dies  The six-time singles champion also explained his decision to pull out of the match, which had been postponed from Wednesday. "You know, this is where the media also spin it. I'm a singles player. My priority has always been singles. I've made quarterfinals here before, I've won singles titles. I've obviously put singles as my priority," he stated. "I played nearly four hours in my first round. Me personally, it was just too much time on court. Today I made up for that. But I want to put my singles as my priority. I'm doing what's best for my body."  And Kyrgios has a tough test ahead of him in the singles, so will need to be focusing all his efforts on his next match against Stefanos Tsitsipas. The pair faced off earlier this month in Halle, with the Aussie coming from a set down to win 5-7 6-2 6-4. "Obviously I feel like if I do manage to play Tsitsipas next round, it will be on a larger court, most likely Court 1," he said after beating Krajinovic. "I'm excited. I feel like we both earned the right. We're two of the biggest stars in the sport. Hopefully if we both bring our best tennis, it's going to be amazing to watch." 