Mrs Hinch rose to fame on social media several years ago when she started sharing unusual cleaning tips and tricks. Now thousands of her fans share their cleaning advice online, including how to clean shower screens. Shower screens will stop water from flowing into the bathroom, where it is liable to spread damage or dirt. Over time, though, they will take on dirt and mould of their own. But cleaning them isn't always straightforward, as they can accumulate stubborn dirt or water spots. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to clean her shower screen. Janet Steele wrote: “How do you clean your shower glass screen please?” Watermarks are caused when hard water dries and leaves deposits on surfaces. They can appear on surfaces like glass and porcelain and can lead to limescale. READ MORE: Shower cleaning: How to remove shower screen limescale - ‘never fails’ While they can be hard to get rid of for good, there are different products to help shift them. Surprisingly, one of the most popular hacks for shower screens involved using a car cleaner, according to Mrs Hinch fans. Agnes Robinson said: “Car screen wash, I bought the ready to use one, put it in a bucket, used a microfibre cloth to wipe it on then a dry one to buff it up. “It took minutes and I now finally have an empty spray bottle so going to fill that with screen wash.” DON'T MISS: ‘Best time of day’ to water plants ‘when it’s hot’ - when to avoid [INSIGHT]‘Important’ garden trend that could add £27,0000 to property value [EXPERT]‘Easy to grow plants’ to deter ‘destructive bugs’ without ‘toxins’ [TIPS] Natalie Kirkwood advised: “I’ve started to use car screen wash to clean my screens and it’s the most effective product I’ve used so far.” Claire Atkinson commented: “I used car screen wash on the inside of my shower screen last week and had great results.” Megan Stewart suggested: “Use car screen wash. You’ll be amazed at how great it works.” Trace Johnson said: “Car screen wash in a spray bottle, work in circular motions then rinse off and dry with a Minky Window cloth. Results are amazing.” Car screen wash is stronger and often contains a repellent, to help prevent a build up of water stains. Rather than using a regular window cleaner, a car screen wash can prevent hard water stains that build up every week. Using a car cleaner on your shower screen every week could be an easier and faster solution. It can be picked up from the hardware store Toolstation for £1.69 and is also available at motoring stores. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using tumble dryer water for those who have condenser tumble dryers. Carmel Poland said: “Tumble dryer water.” Tray James commented: “Condenser water from the dryer.” Amanda Riley added: “Use the water from your tumble dryer, it's amazing.”