I've managed to avoid them for 62 years…but last week I ended up in the back of an ambulance for the first time. My destination was Belfast’s Royal Victoria Hospital Spinal Injuries unit via the A&E unit at the city’s Ulster Hospital. It's not an experience I wish to repeat anytime soon - not least because ambulances seem to be vehicles devoid of any suspension. But there ends any criticism I have of our amazing NHS. I’d ended up in hospital after waking up in the middle of the night suffering excruciating pain. I immediately knew something wasn’t right. The pain, it would transpire, was from two prolapsed discs in my back and after an MRI scan at 2am in the morning, I was prepped to go in for an emergency operation at 8am. Then, shortly before I was about to be wheeled down and go under the knife, a surgeon decided it wasn’t the right course of action. The pain I was in meant that I was mentally ready for the operation. But what I wasn't ready for was the comprehensive care package I was receiving from the doctors and nurses by my bedside. At times I had to ask myself if this was the same NHS I’d heard described on TV as broken, inefficient, wasteful and not fit for purpose. From where I was lying nothing could be further from the truth. It quickly became clear that one of the reasons I hadn’t been rushed into surgery was due to the complexity of back conditions and the many effects and consequences of spinal injuries. However my education was quick - and my treatment became quicker and comprehensive.  I ended up having my whole health diagnosed. It was a one-stop-shop all under one roof. This wasn't like the private sector I was used to in London, where nothing seems joined up and no one is talking to ànyone else: except the “Invoicing Department”. Around me were patients with bad injuries, often in tremendous pain. The screams, day and night, bore testament to that. Yet there was always a doctor, nurse or nursing auxiliary close by to hold a hand, apply pain relief or empty a bedpan. As the days passed it was clear none of them, not a single one, were doing it for the money. No, they were proud of their jobs, often wanting to progress up the career ladder and they saw what they were doing as a vocation. It would have been easy to have felt sorry for myself in the hospital. After all, live TV is my drug. It’s what gets me out of bed at 3.30am in the morning. I should have been at Buckingham Palace alongside my co-host Isabel Webster presenting coverage of the start of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Celebrations. Then I was due to be by the side of my wife Ruth aboard one of the "National Treasures" buses at the Jubilee Pageant, which brought the four-day national-party to an end. Instead I spent the entire time in hospital. But you play the hand you are dealt and I thought being looked after by the doctors and nurses was a privilege. The 20 or 30 I met during my stay repeatedly insisted they were “just doing their jobs”. My carers were from Northern Ireland, the Philippines and Africa. They were underpaid and understaffed. Brexit has robbed them of many European folk who used to keep the health system going and on a daily basis. Covid still hammers those left standing because it means colleagues are often off sick. I was left asking myself how the hell do they keep saving lives under these conditions day- after-day? But they did. There was no let up and no respite. Right now we are hearing the usual smoke and mirrors from politicians who tell us things have never been better and that investment has never been higher in the NHS. However, if you want to know the truth, do what the media often fails to do. Ask those who work in an industry: ask the teachers, the rail workers and the health staff. Don’t rely on the Westminster mouthpieces for the facts. Just like the NHS my back may never be fixed. But because of the NHS it's holding up nicely. I was absolutely delighted to be back in the studio yesterday presenting alongside Isabel and the rest of the GB News team. My thanks to them and to everyone who has sent such kind messages. They have my respect, admiration and thanks. But right now my heart belongs to the NHS - and the Angels who got me back on my feet again. Thank you.  ***Eamonn Holmes presents Breakfast on GB News with Isabel Webster, Monday to Thursday, 6am-9.30am.*** 