Sergio Romero is interested in a shock return to Manchester United this summer, according to reports. The Argentina international previously spent six years at Old Trafford, playing under the likes of Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in the process. With Dean Henderson primed to depart, it seems as though the 35-year-old has now sensed an opportunity to return to the Premier League just 12 months on from his departure. Manchester United signed Romero back in the summer transfer window of 2015, at a time where it looked as though David De Gea was primed to leave the club. He’d go on to become a cult hero at Old Trafford, playing a key role as the Red Devils won the Europa League under Mourinho in 2017. And the Manchester Evening News say the Argentina international is now interested in moving back to United, just 12 months after moving to Italian side Venezia. The Italian team were relegated, however, with Romero now a free agent following the end of his contract. United are poised to lose Henderson, with the England international on the verge of joining Nottingham Forest on loan. And there are question marks surrounding Tom Heaton, too, with Middlesbrough previously credited with an interest in the veteran. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez The publication quoted a source as saying Romero ‘still has a lot of love for the club’. And it’s also claimed Romero would ‘always come back’ if there was the chance to go back to Old Trafford. Romero was a hit at United but was frozen out by Solskjaer last year, prior to his departure on a free. He didn’t make a single appearance in the Premier League or any cup competition, having fallen behind Henderson in the pecking order. And Romero was frustrated when Solskjaer dropped him for the semi-final Europa League defeat to Sevilla two years ago, too. DON’T MISS While the 35-year-old is keen to return to United, however, it’s claimed the club ‘signalled a formal interest in signing Romero this summer’. In total, he made 61 appearances for the Red Devils. His best form came in the Europa League, while he also had his moments in other cup competitions as well. In October 2020, United blocked Romero from joining Everton - who were keen for the South American to provide competition for Jordan Pickford between the sticks. And that led to a furious Instagram post from his wife, Eliana Guercio, who said: "Sergio Romero worked hard for his club. “Last trophy they won, they lifted it with him. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “He helped the team [reach] 4 finals/semifinals, and then he was left on the bench only to lose them all. “It is time to return the opportunity and let him go. RESPECT FOR ONCE." At the time of Romero’s exit 12 months ago, De Gea paid tribute to his team-mate. "Good luck, Chiqui! I wish you success, my friend,” he said on social media. “You deserve to be treated well in your new challenge. Enjoy."