Prince Louis' early childhood and education has been very different to that of Prince George and Princess Charlotte. Prince William and Kate's youngest child was born in April 2018 and was centre stage during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's children are growing up with George and Charlotte aged eight and seven respectively.  Louis, who turned four in April, has had a slightly different upbringing from his older siblings. He started attending Willcocks Nursery School in Kensington, west London last year, following in Charlotte's footsteps. But the Cambridges are preparing to relocate to Windsor this summer, which means Louis will not attend Thomas's Battersea junior school like George and Charlotte do. Back in February, it was reported that William and Kate were particularly impressed by the independent preparatory school Lambrook, near Ascot.  So it wouldn't be a surprise if this is where all three children have been enrolled at. The Cambridges currently reside at Apartment 1A in Kensington Palace. They will continue to use it as their London base, while Windsor will be their permanent home. They will also continue to use their Norfolk country home, Anmer Hall, regularly for weekends, school holidays and Christmas as they usually do.   George and Charlotte both began their early life in different places, including Wales, Norfolk and London. However, Prince Louis is the only one of his siblings who has lived in London for the majority of his life. From 2010 to 2013, William and Kate lived in Anglesey, an island off the northwest coast of Wales. This was because William worked as an RAF search and rescue pilot.  Prince George was born in July 2013 and the Cambridges relocated to their Norfolk country estate, Anmer Hall. This was after William transferred to the East Anglia Air Ambulance. Princess Charlotte was born in May 2015 and Kate captured photos of their newborn daughter as they settled into life as a family of four at Anmer Hall. Prince George started his education in Norfolk in January 2016, attending Westacre Montessori School Nursery.  The Cambridges continued living at their country estate, which was a wedding gift from the Queen. This was until William carried out his last shift with East Anglia Air Ambulance in July 2017. The family made a permanent move to Kensington Palace in time for Prince George to start school at Thomas's Battersea in 2017. His sister Charlotte followed suit in 2019. But Louis will not be a Thomas's student and will instead begin his primary school education in Windsor. 