 Holiday-makers weren’t the only ones left disappointed by travel restrictions during the pandemic. Stranger Things actor Sadie Sink, who plays Max Mayfield, has shared her heartbreak and frustration over a season four scene she filmed with her long distance co-star, Dacre Montgomery.   Fans eagerly awaited the fourth season of the smash Netflix hit but what they didn’t know about was the difficulty faced by cast and crew to bring our favourite Hawkins residents back to screens. Restrictions placed on movement were particularly hard to swallow for Sadie who had to go without her co-star to film a scene in part one of the latest series. The big moment, which shows Max being visited by the spectre of Billy, was massively hampered by the absence of Dacre. The Australian actor was stranded on the other side of the world and couldn’t be physically on location. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: viewers left in tears after ‘emotional’ audition   Speaking with The Hollywood Reporter, Sadie shared how remote filming challenged Max and Billy’s on-screen chemistry. The actor remembered: “That was definitely the most challenging [scene] I think I've ever had to do on Stranger Things, just because so much of Max and Billy's relationship comes from the onscreen chemistry that me and Dacre have. "Being used to working with him and reading with him for two seasons now, and then having to do a really important scene with him but not have him there, was definitely very tricky. "I definitely did get a little frustrated when I was on set, but I think I kind of channelled it into the scene as much as I could and ended up getting, I think, a pretty good result – and obviously, the visual effects team really stepped in and made it look as realistic as possible," the 20-year-old star pointed out.   It wasn’t all doom and gloom from the young Hollywood starlet, though. She gave a special mention to the production’s makeup and prosthetics team for bringing the season’s villain to life before her eyes. No more screaming at tennis balls on a string, the terrifying Vecna (played by Jamie Campbell Bower) was on set in the flesh, making up for the virtual reality Sadie had to face elsewhere. She credits having Jamie actually there to interact with, for the believability of the horrifyingly real character. DON'T MISS...Stranger Things' Max star Sadie Sink admits 'body needs a break'  [INSIGHT]Stranger Things fans expose secret season 4 villain working with Vecna [SPOILER]Does Kate Bush like Stranger Things? [REVIEW]   “I think two things come into play when it comes to the believability of Vecna. “The first just being the prosthetics and having it be mostly practical effects was really helpful," Sadie said in the same interview. "We're so used to working with stunt guys and stunt-women in green bodies and tennis balls in their hands, or something like that, so having Jamie [Campbell Bower] actually there was very helpful because he was genuinely just horrifying.” She continued: "It's just not normal what you're looking at, so you're kind of tricking your mind in a way, and it makes stepping into Max's shoes that much easier."   Volume one of the fourth season of Netflix’s science fiction horror drama kicked off last May, teasing viewers with seven episodes. The next instalment will drop on July 1 and fans are apprehensive this could mean the departure of a few key characters, as hinted by cast members. Audiences don’t have to wait long to see what’s in store though as there’s less than 24 hours before the streaming site hits play. Stranger Things season four is available to stream on Netflix now. 