Match of the Day pundit Gary Lineker has brutally torn into LIV Golf as the Saudi event continues to receive hate, with a multitude of the PGA's best players appearing in the tournament. The PGA threatened bans for any members that were to partake in the LIV Golf event due to the nature of its formation. Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund - the same fund that took control of Newcastle United back in October - is the main bankroller of the invitational series. With a staggering £200million in prize money on offer, it remains to be seen whether more players will jump ship further on into its lifespan. But after watching the event himself, Lineker claimed it seemed 'dreadfully dull' - so much so that he decided to quickly turn it off. "Watched a bit of the new golf tour," Lineker started on Twitter. "Seems dreadfully dull so switched back to the cricket. I mean, you only LIV once." Amnesty International condemned the integrity of the competition in a statement by chief executive Sacha Deshmukh. "It's been extremely disappointing to hear a number of golf's best-known figures attempting to play down the terrible murder of Jamal Khashoggi while sidestepping the real gravity of Saudi Arabia's appalling human rights record," Deshmukh said. "Rather than acting as the willing stooges of Saudi sportswashing, we'd like to see golfers at the LIV Golf Invitational speaking out about human rights abuses in Saudi Arabia. Solidarity with Saudi Arabia's beleaguered human rights community is incredibly important and at the moment the LIV Golf series is displaying very little of this." Charl Schwartzel pocketed £3.68m with a victory at the inaugural event in Hertfordshire. That is a sum equal to the amount he has earned in prize money over the last four years on the PGA Tour. Elsewhere, Phil Mickelson, Lee Westwood, Sergio Garcia, Dustin Johnson and Ian Poulter have all taken place in the tournament. Mickelson has won just under £80m in his time on the PGA Tour since he joined in 1992, and could be set to continue earning should he stick to the LIV Tour.