Zara was caught on camera smiling while Archbishop Stephen Cottrell spoke about the Queen's reign during his eulogy part of this morning's service of thanksgiving. Descriving the extraordinary length of Her Majesty's reign, Mr Cottrell said it resembled "the distance of Aintree rather than the sprint of Epsom". ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** Equestrian Zara clearly appreciated the metaphor, as she was spotted smiling and nodding. Similarly, her mother Princess Anne was also spotted with a wide smile on her face during the Archbishop's tribute to the Queen. Zara and Anne share a passion for horses and horse riding with the Queen. Moreover, both the royal mother and daughter have taken part in the Olympics. Anne marked a royal first as she took part in the Montreal Games in the mid-1970s. Five decades later, during the London Olympics, Zara won the silver medal in a team competition. Zara was accompanied to the service by her doting husband Mike. The equestrian donned a bright pink outfit, matched by Mike's tie. READ MORE: Piers Morgan's dig at Meghan Markle after Prince Louis' reaction The two royals arrived aboard a black bus also carrying a number of non-working members of the Firm - including Princesses Eugenie and Beatrice, Princess Margaret's son Earl Snowdon and Lady Gabriella Windsor. The more than 2000 guests at the event also included the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who arrived shortly after Zara and Mike in a separate car, as well as the working royals. The service marks the second appearance of the Tindalls during the Jubilee weekend. On Thursday, they were among the royals in the Major General's Office overlooking Horse Guards Parade watching the splendid Trooping the Colour parade. Their daughters Mia and Lena were spotted multiple times looking out from one of the windows. And they were even photographed having fun with Meghan Markle. The Duchess of Sussex was seen jokingly pulling faces at Lena as well as her sister Mia and cousins Isla and Savannah Phillips. Zara and Mike are widely expected to attend other events marking the Jubilee over the next few days. Tomorrow, the equestrian may attend the Epsom Derby in Surrey. During the evening, the Tindalls may join Prince Charles, Prince William and other royals at Buckingham Palace for a televised star-studded service. While she is the focus of the attention, the Queen won't be in attendance during today's service  Buckingham Palace released a statement on Thursday evening, saying: "The Queen greatly enjoyed today’s Birthday Parade and flypast but did experience some discomfort. "Taking into account the journey and activity required to participate in tomorrow’s national service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral, Her Majesty with great reluctance has concluded that she will not attend." Nevertheless, the relentless Queen stepped out of Windsor Castle a few hours later to launch the lighting of the beacons ceremony.