The Earl and Countess of Wessex joined the 96-year-old monarch on a visit to Scotland this week as the Queen made a return to royal duties after Platinum Jubilee celebrations came to a close earlier this month. However, Sophie's appearance north of the border has led one expert to laud the Countess for adopting many of the Queen's own fashion tips. Tamara Abraham, the acting senior fashion editor at the Telegraph, said: "Her daughter-in-law, the Countess of Wessex, has evolved a signature look of her own too. "At 57, Sophie has never looked better and it’s probably because she understands the shapes, cuts and colours that suit her best. "They are lessons that have come directly from Her Majesty’s style playbook. "From her handbags to her favourite shoes, here’s how she’s done it." JUST IN: Kate and William's controversial Caribbean tour cost taxpayer over £226,000 The first way in which Ms Abraham claimed Sophie was imitating her mother-in-law was through the tailored silhouette. However, rather than directly copying the Queen's block-coloured cover over a coordinating dress, Sophie prefers to wear a full-skirted midi dress and a tailored blazer. The pair have also been snapped clutching onto similar handbags. The Queen has long been described as a fan of a handbag, particularly her beloved Launer bags, which she has been using exclusively since 1950. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's engagement ring has sweet link to two royals The Countess is slightly different in that she is seen holding a Sophie Habsburg bag at most engagements. The French-born, Rome-based designer and former model is also known as Archduchess Sophie of Austria. Finally, Sophie has decided to wear comfortable shoes to several events. The Queen is supplied with shoes by her official shoemaker Anello & Davide. DON'T MISS: Zara and Mike Tindall in rare PDA at WimbledonRoyal Family: Meghan and Harry’s 'worst blow' of Jubilee laid bareHarry ‘never makes decision’ without conferring with Diana’s spirit Anello & Davide even created the ruby slippers worn by Judy Garland in the hit 1939 movie The Wizard of Oz. Sophie has recently been spotted wearing Penelope Chilvers’ Tango heels. Chilvers has also produced Kate Middleton's tassel riding boots. Despite a recent preference for Chilvers' shoes, Sophie has also been seen wearing Jimmy Choo and LK Bennett styles.