Brooks Koepka’s switch from the PGA Tour to LIV Golf looks particularly bad on the American after his comments regarding the controversial series from a few months ago resurfaced. Koepka became the latest star to join the breakaway tour, which has divided golf as it is bankrolled by the Public Investment Fund. The four-time major champion headlines a group of players to switch after LIV Golf made its debut in St Albans last month, with the likes of Abraham Ancer, Patrick Reed and Bryson DeChambeau among the new recruits. Koepka is expected to play in the second 54-hole 48-man tournament in Portland this week, which has a prize fund of £20 million. The highly-anticipated LIV Golf series made its debut at The Centurion Club in St Albans earlier this month, with the likes of Phil Mickelson, Dustin Johnson and Sergio Garcia headlining a mixed field in terms of big name pull and talent. Charl Schwartzel, the 2011 Masters champion, secured a one-stroke victory and a £3.86 million payout - more than the £2.56 million awarded to Englishman Matt Fitzpatrick for claiming the US Open. Koepka has reportedly inked a lucrative deal similar to that signed by DeChambeau and Johnson, who reportedly left the PGA Tour for £82 million and at least £102 million respectively. The announcement came just weeks after the 32-year-old had seemingly pledged his loyalty to the PGA Tour. When asked if he had seen Mickelson’s statement regarding LIV Golf and the Saudi-regime, Koepka said: “Yeah, I mean, I skimmed it over. I’m happy with the PGA Tour. READ MORE: PGA Tour rocked again as Wolff and Ortiz defect to rebel Saudi league “I think everybody out here is happy. He can think whatever he wants to think, man. He can do whatever he wants to do. I think everybody out here is happy. I think everybody out here is happy. I think a lot of people out here have the same opinion.” The American appeared firm in his stance, but doubled down when quizzed over whether a united front from PGA Tour stars would put an end to the rise of LIV Golf. His final comment showcases his sudden change of heart. When asked if LIV Golf can survive PGA Tour stars condemning it, Koepka said: “I think it’s going to still keep going. I think there will still be talk. “Everyone talks about money. They’ve got enough of it. I don’t see it backing down; they can just double up and they’ll figure it out. They’ll get their guys. Somebody will sell out and go for it.” DON'T MISSPGA Tour stars stunned as golf cart plunges into water at ChampionshipMickelson, Koepka and Saudi golf stars dealt blow ahead of The OpenWoods full injury revealed as golf fans see leg scar for first time The former World No. 1, whose brother Chase joined LIV Golf before it began and played in the opening event last month, will be suspended by the PGA Tour as a result. Back in February 2020 when the idea of a Saudi-funded league started making the rounds, Koepka said: “Money doesn’t matter. “It’s not something that’s important. I just want to be happy. Money’s not going to make me happy. I just want to play against the best. “If somebody gave me $200 million tomorrow it’s not going to change my life. What am I going to get out of it? I already have (enough money) that I could retire right now, but I don’t want to. I just want to play golf.” The Saudi-backed LIV series is the most lucrative in golf history. The lucrative eight-event series, which is funded by Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund (PIF), has a prize pot of just over £200m for 2022, while an extra £1.6 billion has reportedly been secured to expand the event to a 14-event league by 2024.