Chelsea have expressed an interest in signing Inter Milan star Milan Skriniar this summer. Paris Saint-Germain are pushing ahead with their own attempts but could be scuppered by the Blues. Chelsea are testing the waters with tentative interest in Skriniar after reportedly approaching Inter Milan over a potential transfer. Thomas Tuchel has made signing a defender his top priority in the summer market. There are prospective departures of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen to Real Madrid and Barcelona respectively on the way. And further exits are mooted with Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso keen to move to the Nou Camp as well. It means that the Blues are in dire need of reinforcements in their backline, with just Trevoh Chalobah, Malang Sarr and Thiago Silva as the only centre-backs at the club. There have been a number of players linked to Chelsea including Jules Kounde, Wesley Fofana and Josko Gvardiol. And the latest defender to be eyed by the Blues is Inter star Skriniar, who could be on his way out of the club over the next couple of months. According to Di Marzio, Chelsea have expressed an interest in the Slovakia international. Paris Saint-Germain are desperate to snap up the centre-back this summer and new sporting director Luis Campos is determined to land him as a welcoming gift for incoming manager Christophe Galtier. The OGC Nice boss is set to replace Mauricio Pochettino, who is being primed to be sacked. Chelsea had first asked about Skriniar's availability during talks over Romelu Lukaku, who is set to sign for Inter on loan just a year after leaving for £97million. Any kind of player swap was rejected outright, though. But that has not stopped Tuchel taking up an interest in the 27-year-old, who has been one of the standout players at the back in the Serie A over the past five years. Inter have slapped a £52m price-tag on the former Sampdoria star. PSG are not far from offering that total but the Blues could steal in with a bid of their own, while Juventus star Matthijs de Ligt is also being eyed. The Dutchman is at the centre of a potential swap deal that could see Timo Werner go the other way. Chelsea are also in the running to sign the likes of Raheem Sterling, Ousmane Dembele and Richarlison. New owner Todd Boehly is keen to bring in a number of players to earmark his arrival.