A Place in the Sun host Leah Charles-King found herself in eastern Malaga, Spain on Wednesday as she helped Kim look for her dream holiday home. The house hunter brought her sister Debbie along for the search as the pair hoped to find a property close to the beach within their budget. However, the sisters were so keen to look around one property, Leah was left standing as the pair wandered off. Kim was hoping to find a two-bedroom property close to the seafront for under £115,000. Explaining the reason behind her location choice, she said: “I love the Spanish culture [and] this is the more southern part of Spain where the weather is better all year round.” “[I want it to] suit my mother who’s 83 and my youngest grandchild who’s five,” she added. When pushed by Leah on her budget, Kim admitted she would be prepared to go up to £140,000 for the perfect property. Read more: A Place in the Sun's Jean Johansson taken aback by couple's refusal Leah’s first property was a two-bedroom apartment in Torre del Mar with a balcony and enclosed courtyard. Kim was initially impressed with the outside space and was keen to take a look around. Before Leah had the chance to tell the sisters to explore the property, they turned their backs and went to walk off. “I haven’t even told you to go off and they’ve gone,” Leah exclaimed. Although Kim was thrilled with the interior, she felt the outside space was too enclosed and didn’t provide what she was looking for. She told Leah: “It’s going to break my heart to say this because I love the interior but just for me it feels a bit enclosed.” The Channel 4 expert’s second offering also failed to become a contender. Kim admitted she felt “spoiled” with the interior of the first apartment. DON'T MISS'It escalated' Scarlette Douglas 'upset' by brother Stuart in feud [INTERVIEW]A Place In The Sun’s Craig Rowe opens up on ‘tough’ guests [INSIGHT]A Place in the Sun: Ben Hillman details show change ‘Couldn’t call it' [INTERVIEW] However, Leah’s luck turned around with a two-bedroom apartment with stunning sea views. “You’ve pulled a miracle here,” Kim observed and Leah agreed: “This is a bit of a miracle here because it's been reduced I couldn’t let this go without you seeing it.” The apartment was on the market for £141,000 after being massively reduced. Kim commented: “It takes your breath away it’s definitely big enough [but it’s] not about the space it’s about [the sea view] that’s your garden.” Leah’s final property, which was an eight-minute walk to the beach and on the market for £117,000, provided Kim with a second contender. Debbie, who was thrilled with the property, commented: “I’d move in tomorrow!” At the end of the search, Kim told Leah: “I tossed and turned all night it’s the heart or the head.” Kim decided to put an offer of £131,000 on the beachfront apartment but this was rejected. “I’m not walking away from it you’ve really found a jewel in the crown,” she said. Luckily for the property hunter, Kim returned to Malaga with her two sons who gave her the confidence to offer the full asking price which was subsequently accepted. A Place in the Sun airs on Channel 4 on weekdays at 4pm.