The Royal Family might be forgiven for taking a few days off this week following the bumper four-day Platinum Jubilee weekend, but it seems Princess Anne is determined not to let the celebrations stand in the way of her royal work. According to the royal diary, Princess Anne will attend several engagements today (June 7) and throughout the rest of the week to support her beloved mother, the Queen.  Princess Anne will today attend the Centenary Conference at Manchester Central Convention Complex as patron of the British Cardiovascular Society, before viewing a special Beating Retreat ceremony by the Band of Her Majesty's Royal Marines in Speaker's Court. After a busy day on Tuesday, Wednesday will see Anne attend the '! Will' Power of Youth Day in Bristol in her role as patron of UK Youth before travelling back to London to be a guest at the Trinitytide Anniversary Annual Court Meeting and Luncheon at Trinity House. A busy day in the capital is on the cards for the Queen's only daughter on Thursday too, with Anne expected to attend a dinner in her role as a Fellow of The Royal Society before attending a reception at Kensington Palace for Save the Children UK. Although her royal schedule is often hectic, it seems Anne wouldn't have it any other way as she is famed for being a royal stalwart.  READ MORE: Prince Harry 'deeply unhappy' at Jubilee as Duke regrets Megxit Every year Anne is consistently ranked as one of the Royal Family's hardest workers, if not the hardest worker, and she is usually in competition with her brother Prince Charles for the prestigious title. Anne completed 387 official engagements in 2021 according to The Times, more than any other working member of the Royal Family. Prince Charles was pipped to the post by just two engagements last year as he completed 385 engagements. But Prince Charles won the unofficial accolade in both 2019 and 2020. The Princess Royal's dedication to royal duties has been compared to the famous work ethics of both the Queen and the late Prince Philip.   Aged 71 and with a lifetime of royal service behind her, you might assume Anne would be looking to retire at some point soon. But in an interview with Vanity Fair to mark her 70th birthday in 2020, Anne made it clear she wasn't thinking of hanging up her tiara any time soon. She said: “I don’t think retirement is quite the same [for me]. Most people would say we’re very lucky not to be in that situation because you wouldn’t want to just stop. "It is, to a large extent, the choice of the organisations you’re involved with and whether they feel you’re still relevant."  DON'T MISS:'Effortless trendsetter': Princess Anne's 'laidback' style seen [INSIGHT]POLL: Who was your favourite royal in the Jubilee celebrations? [POLL]Inside Zara Tindall's £750,000 estate in Gloucestershire with Mike [ANALYSIS] Anne's famously hard-working attitude seems to have courted her a lot of popularity from the British public over the years. According to YouGov's latest 'Most Popular Royalty' poll, Anne stands in fifth place with a 52 percent popularity rating. Based on the results for quarter one of 2022, Anne stands only behind Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, the late Prince Philip, Prince William and the Queen in the popularity rankings. Even her elder brother and heir to the throne Prince Charles is less popular in this tally, standing in sixth place with a 50 percent popularity rating. 