The UK Prime Minister said the “crazy, macho” invasion was a “perfect example of toxic masculinity” and he called for “more women in positions of power”. In an interview with German media following the G7 summit in Schloss Elmau, Mr Johnson cited the Russian President’s gender as a contributory factor to the conflict.  He told broadcaster ZDF: “If Putin was a woman, which he obviously isn’t, if he were, I really don’t think he would have embarked on a crazy, macho war of invasion and violence in the way that he has. “If you want a perfect example of toxic masculinity, it’s what he is doing in Ukraine.” His comments come ahead of a NATO meeting where allies will discuss how to respond to future threats. At the summit in Madrid, he is set to call on fellow members of the defensive alliance to ramp up defence spending.  Mr Johnson also said that while G7 leaders “desperately” want an end to the war in Ukraine, there is “no deal available” currently. But he also described the summit as “incredible” as leaders “got closer and closer” to an agreement. Mr Johnson said the West must support Ukraine's military strategy, in order to get President Volodymr Zelensky “in the best possible position” in negotiations with Russia “when talks eventually come”. The NATO meeting in Madrid comes after news that Turkey has reached a deal with prospective members Finland and Sweden, removing a final barrier to their joining.  READ MORE: London tower block fire sends smoke billowing over city The UK's defence spending is projected to reach 2.3 percent of GDP - a key measure of the annual income of a country - this year as a result of defence industry investment and £1.3bn in military support for Ukraine, the Government said. Several other nations that make up the alliance have not met the 2 percent annual target set by NATO. On Tuesday, UK Defence Secretary Ben Wallace urged Mr Johnson to increase spending on the UK's armed forces even further, in light of the threat posed by Russia. Speaking after the G7 summit of wealthy nations in Bavaria, Mr Johnson gave an interview to German broadcaster ZDF.  DON'T MISS:G7 agrees to explore cap on Russian oil price War fears skyrocket as Truss says UK should send Taiwan weapons Brits brace for thundery showers as unsettled weather rumbles