Suzie Bingham (played by Gabriella Pizzolo) was first introduced in Stranger Things season three as Dustin Henderson’s (Gaten Matarazzo) long-distance Camp Know Where girlfriend. Suzie was a deeply religious Mormon as well as a technological genius. Audiences initially thought she was a flight of fancy on the school boy’s part, however, she was revealed at the end of the run and helped to save the world. Season four, volume one saw Suzie make a return as she was once again enlisted to help when the Chicago gang were trying to find a computer number. Suzie lost access to her computer after admitting to her father Mr Bingham (Mark Rowe) how she’d hacked the Hawkins High School system and altered Dustin’s grades. As a punishment, her computer rights were revoked with the PC now in Mr Bingham’s study under lock and key which he would use. After the Mike Wheeler (Finn Wolfhard), Will Byers (Noah Schnapp), Jonathan Byers (Charlie Heaton), and Argyle (Eduardo Franco) showed up at Suzie’s home in Salt Lake City, Utah, she created a distraction to gain access to the computer and help Dustin’s friends. Suzie roped in her younger siblings and created a temporary power cut in a bid to access the computer. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 volume 2 release time: What time is it out? Her home was in chaos as her multiple brother and sisters ran riot. Some of the children were making a film, while others seemed to be taking part in medieval role-play. Older sister Eden (Audrey Holcomb) appeared to be the one trying and failing to control her various brothers and sisters. Suzie was the only one who wasn’t part of the chaos as she quietly sat in her room. Meanwhile, Mr Bingham seemed to be oblivious to the destruction in his home as he was locked away in his study on his computer. There was no mother figure in sight but fans could have been given a clue about the mysterious Mrs Bingham. In a blink-and-you’ll-miss-it moment, Mr Bingham was apparently writing a lengthy message on the computer titled: ‘Preparing For A Celestial Marriage’. The excerpt from the message read: “…hazardous [sic], and that our happiness will be far greater if we date those who are members of our church. “As our President Gordon B. Hinckley admonished, ‘Your chances for a happy and lasting marriage will be far greater if you will date those who are active and faithful in the Church.’ “The purpose of this life on Earth is for us to learn and grow. We grow through making mistakes and God understands that all of us will fall short as we strive to be like him. “When we make mistakes, God allows us to repent and be forgiven of our sins so that we can learn to overcome weakness…” This message could be for Mrs Bingham, who may have departed from the family home to left things in disarray. Mrs Bingham may have joined the church so she could marry her husband and later have left for an unknown reason. Additionally, it could be suggesting Mr Bingham is going re-marry and find a new wife. Reddit user called AssociationLivid5822 suggested: “I’m assuming she left because of what it says on the computer before it got shut down.” This theory hints Mrs Bingham was against Suzie following the church rather than choosing her own path. DON'T MISS...Stranger Things plot hole: How did Kali survive the lab massacre? [AANLYSIS]Stranger Things: Who is Tammy Thompson in Stranger Things? [EXPLAINER]Stranger Things: Did Hopper fight in Vietnam? [INSIGHT] A more likely scenario is Mr Bingham is writing this message for Suzie after learning of her relationship with Dustin, who isn’t a Mormon and is trying to discourage it. Suzie may also be in line for a marriage despite her young age with Mr Bingham hoping she will find a prospective husband within the church. For now, fans will have to wait and see if whether the writers will shed further light on Suzie and her large family. The moment featuring Suzie’s family was hit with much backlash with fans for its inclusion in the Netflix show.  Redditor u/ashmichael73 posted: "The wild, eccentric family was really dumb and painful to watch. "Hands down my least favorite [sic] part of the entire series. People are saying that it’s ‘Tenenbaum’-ish, but it had ZERO charm to be a Tenenbaum dynamic. Never bring this back again, like Chicago crew." While user 246ArianaGrande135 responded: "I didn’t like it, but I don’t understand why I didn’t like it." User MrArmageddon1 added: "I agree 100%. Every scene at Susie’s place was in complete opposition in tone to basically every other thing this season. It really stood out like a swore [sic] thumb and really made me wonder what the writers were thinking." However, not all fans agreed with this with Krushnev writing simply: "I liked it." Losdearroz said: "I don’t know, those kids were out of control but exhibited a lot of creativity. We have the kids playing a Medieval RP, making short films with some over the top acting, the youngest wild child being…wild. Then Susie [sic] up on the roof being calm and collected. Then the chaotic coordination they pulled off to distract the dad. I thought they were a hoot. That’s my HOOT take." User _Hey-Reddit_ explained: "Worst part of the whole series? Not for me. My least favorite [sic] part was the entire episode in S3 where El meets 008." Stranger Things season 4, volume 2 will be released on Netflix tomorrow