Max Verstappen can still learn from Red Bull team-mate Sergio Perez as the pair’s rivalry continues to brew, Ralf Schumacher believes. Perez was publicly frustrated with his team’s approach to the Spanish Grand Prix before winning in Monaco a week later. Reigning world champion Verstappen leads Perez by just 15 points in the world drivers’ championship leaderboard. Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc is sandwiched between the pair. And Schumacher believes that Verstappen can learn from the 32-year-old Perez’s driving style. He feels that the new cars are better suited to the latter. “He (Perez) has come close to Verstappen and Charles Leclerc in the drivers’ standings as a result,” Schumacher said, as quoted by Formula 1 News. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton's warning to Mercedes will come as a relief to Red Bull “There could be a three-man fight. I just don’t think Sergio has the consistency of Verstappen. In Monaco he was the better driver. Max should see this as an opportunity to learn things from his team-mate.” He added: “Max has a very aggressive style and has done well with heavier cars in the past. However, the new concept suits Sergio more. “If a driver is good at saving tyres, he can get more out of the car. Max should try to apply Sergio’s driving style to certain parts of the track and maybe take one or two corners a little slower.” Perez was clearly unhappy about having to let Verstappen overtake at the Spanish Grand Prix, accepting the decision by Red Bull but telling bosses that it was ‘unfair’. He then went on to win in Monaco, with Verstappen coming third, and the Dutchman has cooled talk of a tense relationship. DON'T MISS...FIA president calls for 'change' in F1 which may please Lewis HamiltonRed Bull chief Christian Horner makes Sergio Perez pledgeLewis Hamilton makes strong claim amid ongoing Mercedes misery “We work really well as a team. We always try to optimise the car and work for the team and we can accept when somebody does a good job or does a better job and I think that’s very important because that’s how you are respectful to each other,” Verstappen said after Monaco. “Yeah, may the best man win at the end, right? We always, of course, trying to do the best we can on the track but we also respect each other a lot and try to score the most possible points every single weekend for the team.” Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has insisted it does not matter of Perez or Verstappen win the world title. He said: "It doesn't matter to us which of the two is world champion. Of course, the constructors' is enormously important. "But whether it's Max or Checo, they're both Red Bull drivers, and they've both got the same chance. Of course, it's a long, long season, and it will have its ebbs and flows. But it's great to have both drivers right at the sharp end.”