As the weather warms up across the country, lawns may be looking a little worse for wear. Dry, hot weather can turn lawns from looking green and vibrant to dusty and brown. While gardeners may be tempted to dowse their lawns with water, this may not be the best way to tackle dry spells. The team at The Lawn Association have shared their tips for watering lawns in the summer. The lawn experts said grass is one of the “most resilient plants on the planet” so is likely to survive much more than a British summer. Lawns will survive a long period of hot weather, even if they don’t look their best during this time. Watering lawns during a hot summer can be costly and may not be the best way to use your water. READ MORE: 10p hack to remove tea cup stains ‘in minutes’ with ‘no scrubbing’ The lawn experts said: “It would be healthier for you and the planet if you just leave nature to do its work. “Eventually, the natural rains will come along and bring the soil levels back to normal.” For those who adamant about watering their lawns, the experts suggested applying the water in the evening after 8pm. This ensures the grass gets the “best use out of it” and the grass has all night to use the water “more efficiently”. DON'T MISSAre there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [INSIGHT]Use newspaper to ‘stop weed growth’ completely - ‘cheap and effective’ [UPDATE]‘Best time of year’ to fertilise your lawn - ‘boosts the condition’ [ANALYSIS] Watering lawns during hot, sunny days should be avoided as most the water will evaporate. When watering lawns in the morning, make sure this is done before 10am. For those with sprinklers, aim to run them for around 30 to 35 minutes twice a week. One inch of water a week should be sufficient for a lawn to remain healthy. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The Lawn Association said the soil not the grass is the “real issue”. This is because soil shrinks when it is under hot conditions and the air is sucked out. Gardeners need to ensure their lawns are aerated to improve the grass’ root development, water percolation and nutrition. Aeration should be done in the autumn when the heat of summer has passed.  Use a hollow-tine aeration fork or machine but not a garden fork to aerate the lawn. Specialised products will remove cores of soil from the lawn without compressing the rest of the lawn. When caring for lawns, gardeners should be working with nature, not against it. Harmful chemicals such as pesticides and herbicides should be avoided if possible.