Former Tottenham midfielder Jamie O’Hara has hit out at Manchester United and Arsenal, claiming that Antonio Conte’s side are now a more attractive option to players than their top-four rivals. Both Arsenal and United had been linked with Brighton midfielder Yves Bissouma, but the Mali international is set to join Spurs for £25million. O’Hara believes that Bissouma will be a good addition to the Tottenham midfield. “I think he’s a great signing for Spurs, I really do,” O’Hara told Grosvenor Sport. “I really liked him last season at Brighton – athletic, good on the ball, strong, shows good quality. I think he’s a really good signing. What I love about it is the fact that again it’s another signing that Spurs are going to get done early doors. “I know there were other teams after him – Arsenal, Man United – but it seems as if players are starting to pick Spurs over anyone else, which is the Antonio Conte factor. With Spurs now and the facilities they’ve got, they really mean business. I’m really surprised how well the transfer window is going for them right now. “The Bissouma move is extra sweet for Spurs fans. That’s the biggest thing right now, Spurs are getting players over their rivals like Arsenal. “They shop in the same window as Arsenal and in the past, last summer, Arsenal had the better transfer window, but this year… We’re only in June – it’s ridiculous that Spurs have signed three players already, it’s unheard of for Tottenham. “For Spurs to get a player of that quality over Arsenal just shows where they are now and how big getting that Champions League spot was. It’s showing that Spurs are going to attract the better players to their team.” Bissouma is set to become Conte’s third summer signing following the additions of winger Ivan Perisic from Inter Milan and goalkeeper Fraser Forster from Southampton. With north London rivals Arsenal missing out on Bissouma, they are set to complete a deal for Porto midfielder Fabio Vieira and remain interested in Leicester City’s Youri Tielemans. Manchester United will hope to bolster their midfield with Barcelona's Frenkie de Jong. Conte is said to want three more signings this summer after completing a deal for Bissouma, and one of those could be a reunion with Christian Eriksen. The Danish star is out of contract after an impressive spell with Brentford last season, and could test O’Hara’s theory as he has also been linked with a move to Old Trafford. He reportedly has four offers from Premier League clubs, including Tottenham and Manchester United, as the 30-year-old is expected to move on from Brentford and play European football next season.