Prince Harry and Meghan Markle recently returned to the UK to join extended members of the Royal Family in celebration of 70 years under the reign of the Queen. In her analysis of the Duke of Sussex, Ms James suggested Prince Harry exhibited signals of “quite high” anxiety during his appearance.   ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** Accompanied by his wife, the Duchess of Sussex, Prince Harry appeared cautious as the couple returned to the media glare of the UK after a sustained period of absence from royal engagements. Speaking to GB News, Ms James said: “It was like he had agreed to be the invisible man there to some extent.” The body language expert suggested Prince Harry kept a decisively low-profile at the Jubilee celebrations as his actions were designed to detract attention. She added: “There was also a return of the slightly haunted eye expression we used to see before they moved.” Ms James suggested the DUke of Sussex continued to mirror the recognisable expression of concern which he presented prior to the couple's step back from royal duties in 2020.    The body language analyst continued: “There was that one moment when Harry seemed to relax a little bit. “I think he must have been quite anxious about where the cars were or when the cars were turning up. He was looking to see where they were. “He seemed grateful to be able to smile and seemed less anxious at that point. “Up to that point his anxiety levels seemed quite high.” Read more: Gyles Brandreth reflects on Meghan last royal engagement with Queen Ms James noted that, as the Thanksgiving service continued on, the Prince appeared to relax, alongside his wife, Meghan Markle, as the couple walked through St Paul’s Cathedral hand in hand. Comparatively, Ms James noted the confident body language of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge made them “look like the future king and queen.” The body language expert suggested Kate took the lead and “looked quite firm,” as she appeared alongside her husband, Prince William. Ms James added: “She seems to come into her own at events like this, she takes over the regal presence without the Queen there.” Don't miss:Harry and Meghan's privacy demands questioned after rolling window [ANALYSIS]Sweet moment as Prince Harry and Meghan Markle wave to little girls [PICTURES]Meghan and Harry's Jubilee appearance sparks uproar 'No more!' [REPORT] In her analysis of Prince William, Ms James said the Duke of Cambridge appeared “joyful and upbeat.” However, upon his exit from the Cathedral, Ms James noted how Prince William exhibited a “barrier gesture.” The Prince shifted his programme in order to refocus his attention as he moved past his brother, Prince Harry, within the crowd. The Queen was not present at the Thanksgiving service due to reports she experienced a level of “discomfort” during the previous day’s Trooping the Colour ceremony.  