The Queen has given the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge an important role to play on Saturday 4 June, meaning they will be out of London when Prince Harry and Meghan Markle celebrate their daughter's monumental milestone. In honour of the Jubilee marking the Monarch's 70th year on the throne, members of the Royal Family will be completing royal duties in the different nations that make up the United Kingdom.  On Saturday, the Duke and Duchess are set to embark on a trip to Cardiff Castle in Wales on the day of Lilibet's birthday. At the event in Cardiff, the royal couple will meet the performers and crew members taking part in the Platinum Jubilee Celebration Concert in the castle grounds later that afternoon. It is thought that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will spend part of the special weekend introducing their daughter to the Monarch who she is named after. The Queen was due to attend the Epsom Derby on Saturday, but given her recent mobility issues, royal sources have said Princess Anne will be going in place of Her Majesty.  The Queen's gap in the diary on Lilibet's birthday means it is highly likely she will spend the day with her great-grandchild. According to former royal editor Charles Rae, the Sussexes will be meeting with the Queen in private to introduce their daughter. Speaking to GB News, Mr Rae said: "There's going to be some sort of private meeting with the Queen on Saturday which happens to be Lilibet's birthday. READ MORE: Queen spotted at airport as monarch jets off for Jubilee celebrations  "She will be seeing her great-granddaughter for the very first time." He added: "That will be a nice event." The Jubilee weekend will mark the first time that Harry and Meghan will bring their family to the UK since moving to the United States in 2020. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan popularity hits all-time low  [REVEAL] Queen 'won't allow' Meghan and Harry to publish photos - claim [INSIGHT] Princess Eugenie and husband Jack to move to Portugal   [SPOTLIGHT]  A spokesperson for the couple said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are excited and honoured to attend The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children." The Sussexes will not be on the balcony of Buckingham Palace with the working members of the Royal Family but are thought to be attending the Trooping the Colour parade on Thursday. It is hoped that the Cambridge children may be able to spend time with their cousins again and meet the newest addition at some point over the celebratory weekend. 