Daily Express Royal correspondent Richard Palmer has speculated that the Queen’s great grandchildren could meet up in private during her Jubilee celebrations to present a united front to the public. Mr Palmer said it would “make sense” for the Sussexes and the Cambridges to meet up prior to any public appearances together but questioned whether there will be any “opportunities to do so”, with the two families operating on different schedules.    Royal RoundUp host Pandora Forsyth said: “This will be the first time, especially Meghan, has seen the children all meet each other, especially the Cambridges children. “Do you think they will be doing a private meet, we’re just speculating with these questions here obviously, but do you think they will do a private meet before going on public show with cameras?” Mr Palmer said: “Well it would make sense wouldn’t it, really, but it’s very difficult to gauge how well they are or are not getting on. “I think it’s quite interesting that the point at which we think the Queen will likely be going to see the Sussexes will come at a time when the Cambridges are in Wales on the Saturday. “I’m sure there will be other opportunities for them to mix but I’m not sure.”    The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations will begin on Thursday as the Royal family prepare for a host of engagements across the country. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will return to the UK for their first official visit since quitting their royal duties and going to live in the US. The Royal family has never met Lilibet, the Sussexes youngest child, who turns one on Saturday. It has been speculated that she will meet her cousins and family prior to any public engagements, though the mood between Harry and his brother William is not known. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry: 'Dozens of protocols' they must follow in the UK [INSIGHT]   Meanwhile, it has been announced that the Queen is to symbolically lead the lighting of the principal Jubilee beacon as part of a chain of more than 3,500 flaming tributes to her 70-year reign. Buckingham Palace announced the monarch, 96, will make an extra Jubilee appearance at Windsor Castle late on Thursday evening. It forms part of a special dual ceremony with her grandson the Duke of Cambridge. Prince William will be waiting 22 miles away at the Palace, where the beacon centrepiece - a 21-metre Tree of Trees sculpture - will be illuminated in lights on the Queen's command. DON'T MISS: Queen puts foot down on Netflix presence at Jubilee [REVEAL]Meghan 'will be distraction' but will give Queen spotlight [REPORT]Meghan and Harry returning to Royal Family 'off the table' [REVEAL]   The newly-announced engagement is an additional entry to the Queen's busy diary over the four-day weekend, which includes Trooping the Colour and a service of thanksgiving. At Windsor, the Queen will be greeted in the castle Quadrangle with a fanfare for the ceremony at the Sovereign's Entrance. The Queen will touch the Commonwealth of Nations Globe - a blue globe, which sits inside a silver crown on a blue and gold cushion which was specially created for the Beacons project - symbolically triggering the lighting of the Tree of Trees beacon outside the Palace. Lights will chase along the Quadrangle towards Windsor's famous Round Tower, before travelling up the Tree of Trees in London.   