Russian President Vladimir Putin vowed to step up attacks over the supply of long-range weapons from the United States to Ukraine. One person was left injured after a Russian Tu-95 strategic bombers cruise missiles hit railway infrastructure sites on the outskirts of Kyiv. According to the Times, black smoke billowed above the Ukrainian capital after cruise missiles were launched from the Caspian Sea. However, the attack is not thought to have resulted in any deaths. The Ukrainian Government has urged allies in the West to impose further sanctions on Russia in response to the strike. Mykhailo Podolyak, an adviser to President Volodymyr Zelensky, said: “The Kremlin resorts to new insidious attacks. “Today’s missile strikes at Kyiv have only one goal — kill as many as possible.” JUST IN: Furious Ukraine savages Erdogan as Turkey accused of buying STOLEN supplies Ukraine's state-run nuclear power operator Energoatom also claimed one missile flew "critically low" over the country's second largest power plant in Pivdennoukrainska. The firm said: “[Russia’s armed forces] still do not understand that even the smallest fragment of a missile that hits a working power unit can cause a nuclear catastrophe and radiation leak.” However, Russia has confirmed it used long-range missiles to destroy armoured vehicles which have been supplied to Ukrainian troops by allies in the West. After Ukraine received a new batch of powerful missiles from the United States, Putin said: “If they are actually delivered, we will draw appropriate conclusions and use our own weapons of destruction, which we have in sufficient quantities, to carry out strikes on targets we aren’t hitting yet." READ MORE: Putin alerts Russia for imminent Satan-2 launch after airstrikes 'fail' Joe Biden confirmed last week the US would send M142 high-mobility artillery rocket systems to Ukraine. The 46th US President also appeared to rule out sending longer-range missiles to Ukraine amid concerns it could ramp up tensions between NATO and Russia. However, missile strikes launched against the Ukrainian capital have not yet been picked up in the Ministry of Defence's intelligence update. In a post published on June 5, the MoD said: “Over the last 24 hours, Ukrainian forces have counterattacked in the contested city of Sieverodonetsk in eastern Ukraine, likely blunting the operational momentum Russian forces previously gained through concentrating combat units and firepower. DON'T MISSPutin religion: Does Russia’s President believe in God? [ANALYSIS]NATO membership: Is Denmark in Alliance [EXPLAINER]Russia’s ‘five hands’ that could spark nuclear armageddon [INSIGHT] “Russian forces committed in this area include personnel mobilised from the reserve of Russian-led Separatist Forces of the self-declared Luhansk People’s Republic. “These troops are poorly equipped and trained, and lack heavy equipment in comparison to regular Russian units. “The use of proxy infantry forces for urban clearance operations is a Russian tactic previously observed in Syria, where Russia employed V Corps of the Syrian Army to assault urban areas. “This approach likely indicates a desire to limit casualties suffered by regular Russian forces.”