The cost of filling up an average family car with petrol has broken the £100 barrier earlier this week. And, with that in mind motorists could start thinking about going electric. Express.co.uk now looks at some of the best EVs that motorists in the UK can buy to save money on fuel while still enjoying the driving experience. Buying an electric car can be quite daunting for many reasons. Firstly, many motorists worry about the charging network and the availability of chargers. Secondly, the upfront cost of buying an EV can be incredibly high. However, experts at MotorEasy have now come up with the biggest EV bargains out there. READ MORE: Electric cars do cause pollution They analysed used electric cars that lose their value the quickest, meaning a sudden and noticeable drop in the asking price. Duncan McClure Fisher, CEO at MotorEasy said: “Buying a new car at the moment is quite a challenge, thanks to waiting lists and inflated prices. "If you’re happy buying used, a car two or three years old can save you a fortune." The expert, however, urged drivers to buy an additional warranty if they are thinking about buying a used EV. DON'T MISS Most drivers don't know basic Highway Code rules - risk of fines  [REVEAL] Fossil fuels ‘will continue to play a major part’ in everyday life [INSIGHT] Drivers urged to use hypermiling shoe trick to save on fuel costs [ADVICE] He said: “Remember that a (used) car will likely fall outside of its manufacturer warranty period if it is older than 3-years. "If this is the case, we would recommend purchasing an extended warranty to protect yourself against unexpected expensive repairs." Here are four of the best used EV bargains that lose their value the quickest: Kia came first on the list of the fastest depreciating EVs. The car lost just under 50 percent of its value in 2022 compared to 2019. This in turn meant that the price of the EV dropped by nearly £18,000 on average. The Soul has a range of 280 miles, which is very impressive for its size. Renault Zoe came second on the list after losing £10,000 in value since 2019. Drivers can now expect to pay just under £16,000 for a used version of the car. The range of the car is around 250 miles. Jaguar I-Pace came third after losing over £20,000 in value. Despite the drop, however, the car still costs around £42,000. Even though it seems to be out of reach for most people, the purchase of a used I-Pace will result in saving £20,000. A used Smart ForTwo EQ can now be picked for £14,700. The car dropped nearly 40 percent in value since 2019 from the original price of £22,775. It is a perfect car for urban driving with a range of around 60 miles.