Leeds winger Raphinha is proving to be a sought-after star already this summer, with numerous top European sides interested in the forward. And Arsenal’s chances of landing the Brazilian could be boosted by his former team-mate Gabriel Magalhaes. It is no secret that Barcelona are keen on the 25-year-old, though The Telegraph report that Arsenal are also amongst the clubs keeping tabs on the exciting forward. And the Gunners could make use of Gabriel in negotiations. The central defender came through the youth ranks of Avai in Brazil with Raphinha and the pair are also international teammates. And with Barca experiencing financial difficulties currently that are hindering their transfer business, Mikel Arteta may call on his player to try and convince Raphinha to remain in the Premier League. The former Rennes star played a key role in Leeds avoiding relegation this season. He scored 11 and assisted 13 for The Whites, helping Jesse Marsch’s side steer clear of the drop having looked in serious trouble for most of the campaign. JUST IN: Darwin Nunez's Liverpool wages emerge as star tells friends it's done Raphinha would certainly be a welcome addition at Arsenal given that Arteta is desperate to bolster his options in the final third. With Alexandre Lacazette departing, Eddie Nketiah remains the only proven striker in North London as it stands – with young prospect Folarin Balogun also an option. However, Nketiah is yet to put pen to paper on a new deal at the Emirates, meaning he could depart on a free transfer in the coming months as well. Manchester City’s Gabriel Jesus has been heavily linked with the Gunners recently, and it is well reported that he is likely to remain in the Premier League. READ MORE: Man Utd and Tottenham told target is 'as good as' Diego Llorente Thus, if Arteta can get that deal over the line prior to putting an offer on the table for Raphinha then he may have a strong Brazilian contingent that the winger could be tempted into joining. Midfielder Arthur Melo was also linked with Arsenal previously, though the club could not agree on a deal with Juventus for the 25-year-old. Youri Tielemans looks like he will be the reinforcement in midfield that Arteta so desperately wants, with his contract expiring at Leicester City in 12 months. The Belgian international is reportedly available for approximately £25million, a fraction of the cost many would expect to pay for the top-quality playmaker.