Alexander Zverev has shared a fresh update on the horror injury that forced him to retire from his French Open semi-final against Rafael Nadal, and confirmed that initial assessments showed he had torn "several ligaments". The third seed went down on his ankle ahead of the third set tiebreak and had to be taken off court in a wheelchair before re-emerging on crutches to officially retire at 7-6(8) 6-6 down. Zverev shared a new update on the injury he sustained during his French Open semi-final against Nadal, revealing he had torn multiple ligaments in his foot. "Hey guys! I am now on my way back home. Based on the first medical checks, it looks like I have torn several lateral ligaments in my right foot," he wrote in an Instagram post on Saturday. "I will be flying to Germany on Monday to make further examinations and to determine the best and quickest way for me to recover." The first men's semi-final in Paris was about to go into a second-set tiebreak when the world No 3 went down crying in pain as he appeared to roll his ankle mid-rally. He was quickly removed from the court in a wheelchair for an off-court assessment and came back out on crutches to shake hands with his opponent and thank the crowd, allowing the 13-time champion to advance to the final. He has now thanked fans for their well-wishes, continuing: "I want to thank everyone all over the world for the kind messages that I have received since yesterday. Your support means a lot to me right now!" JUST IN: Emma Raducanu snubbed for 'best of the young group' Coco Gauff  The 25-year-old also told fans: "I will try to keep you updated as much as possible on further developments." Zverev was bidding to win his first Major title and was set to make his world No 1 debut with a title win in Paris but had his chances ruined by the freak injury. As a result of his loss, he will still rise to a career-high of world No 2 on June 13 while Daniil Medvedev will return to the top spot, with current world No 1 Novak Djokovic set to drop to third in the world. It means the German will be the top seed at Wimbledon if he can recover in time, with all Russian and Belarusian players banned from the tournament but he is now in doubt to make it to the All England Club. DON'T MISSGauff issues apology as Swiatek sends Ukraine message after finalCoco Gauff breaks down in tears as Swiatek storms to French Open gloryRafael Nadal challenge presents 'impossible task' for Casper Ruud  The 19-time title winner had shared a video message overnight following his unfortunate exit in Paris, admitting it had been "very difficult" for him to be forced to retire. "A very difficult moment for me today on the court," Zverev said. "Obviously a fantastic match until what happened happened. It looks like I have a very serious injury. But the medical team and the doctors are still checking on it. We'll keep you updated. We'll let you know as soon as we know more." And he wished Nadal luck for the final, backing his semi-final opponent to win a record 14th title in Paris. "I want to congratulate Rafa obviously. Incredible achievement [reaching his] 14th final. Hopefully, he can go all the way and make some more history. But not an easy moment for me today." 