Around 40,000 members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union at Network Rail and 13 train operators have walked out in a bitter dispute over pay, jobs and conditions. Commuters across the country are facing chaos during the biggest rail strike in a generation, with further rounds of industrial action scheduled for Thursday and Saturday. Many of London’s biggest tube stations were completely shut this morning, to the frustration of those trying to use public transport. Such was the situation at the Elephant and Castle station in South London today, where a picket line by RMT members was taking place. A customer verbally attacked the striking workers as they stood at the closed entrance to the station, when he was told that there is no service. He shouted: “You all don’t have to be so f*****g greedy”, to which frustrated transportation workers responded: “Your anger should be with the Tory Government, not us, not working people”. A tube driver, representative of RMT members, who was present, spoke to Express.co.uk reacting to the raging backlash from the British people against the strike, which has sparked strong controversy over the past few days. Mel Mullings, chair of the RMT Bakerloo branch, said: “As you can see, the narrative that has been spun by the media is really dangerous. “Because we're workers, we contribute to society, we pay high taxes just like everybody else. We want to keep our railway safe and have a work-life balance that is comparable to any other sector. “I think that's fair and equitable. We've not asked for anything more than what we actually deserve. “The unfair nature of the way that we're being portrayed in the media, I think, is wrong. Not every member of staff that works for the underground is on a fair and decent wage.” The strike went on after a failure in negotiations between transport bosses and trade unions. Asked about what she responds to frustrated customers, Ms Mullings said: “That it’s not us they should be frustrated at. We have the legal right to take away our labour and we plan to always do that if that's what we've been mandated. READ MORE: Road hell as millions forced to drive and take buses over rail strikes “Our frustrations - and I say our because we're part of society too, should we with the Government. They can do more.” Speaking to the Cabinet today, Boris Johnson said that, without fundamental changes to the way the system operates, rail firms risk going bust and passengers face ever-higher prices that could ultimately lead to them abandoning train travel. The Prime Minister claimed that the strikes were "so wrong and so unnecessary" as he warned commuters they must be ready to "stay the course" and urged rail bosses and unions to agree on a package to safeguard the future of the industry. Downing Street said it was ultimately up to the unions whether there is further industrial action following Saturday's rail strike. DON'T MISS: ‘What a pity we don’t have Thatcher now’ Tories battle trade unionsShapps told to step in now to put end to strikesKuenssberg warns Boris on brink of 'really big problem' amid strikes "That is very much a matter for the unions," the Prime Minister's official spokesman said. "Certainly, we would hope that this week's disruption would be the last. "We wouldn't want this to be inflicted on the public for longer than necessary and indeed for it to damage people's confidence in using our railways for longer than necessary. "But it is very much one for the unions to decide."