The Platinum Jubilee commemorations kick start with the traditional Trooping the Colour military spectacle on Thursday, involving more than 1,500 officers and soldiers and 350 horses from the Household Division. But the Queen's attendance is only likely to be confirmed on the morning, with royal fans hoping to see her appear on the balcony with her family for a special flypast, and possibly even review the troops. And the Queen's planned visit to Epsom for the Derby on Saturday is off, with the Princess Royal attending on her behalf. Speaking to host Pandora Forsyth on the Daily Express' Royal Roundup, royal correspondent Richard Palmer explained how the Queen could still attend. He said: "I think there has been a lot of reporting around the fact the Queen is now not expected to go to the derby on Saturday and instead is likely to be spending it with Harry and Meghan and their children at some sort of celebration for Lilibet's first birthday. "I have to say, this is not set in stone. "From everything that I'm being told, the assumption on the part of the people who work for the royal household that the Queen will not go to the derby. "But it has not been entirely ruled out." READ MORE: Princess Eugenie dazzles as she attends Queen's Jubilee display The Queen may not have a runner in the Epsom Derby but she now has a horse to cheer on the day after one of her thoroughbreds was entered into a race. Just Fine will feature in the penultimate race on Saturday and comes after three of the Queen's horses were withdrawn from the Derby. The Queen is no longer planning to attend the sporting event during her Platinum Jubilee weekend according to reports, as the 96-year-old monarch is said to want to pace herself during her milestone celebrations. Her hopes of winning the Derby during her Platinum Jubilee year ended earlier in May when her horse Reach For The Moon, who was among the favourites, and two others were withdrawn. The head of state is a passionate horse owner and breeder, and would have been looking forward to seeing her horses take on the best in the world in the famous classic. Thoroughbreds owned by the Queen have won four out of the five flat racing classics - the 1,000 Guineas and 2,000 Guineas, the Oaks and the St Leger - with only the Derby eluding her. Reach For The Moon was returning from injury but John Gosden, the horse's joint trainer, said the Derby had come too soon for the thoroughbred, the Racing Post reported. DON'T MISS Lilibet Diana christening: 'One worth keeping an eye on' [ANALYSIS]Queen 'won't allow' Meghan and Harry to publish photos - claim [INSIGHT]Meghan could 'pull plug' on Jubilee return after bad publicity [VIDEO] The Queen's horse Just Fine has been entered into the World Pool Northern Dancer Handicap, staged over the full Derby course and distance of one mile and four furlongs. A final decision on whether it will run will be taken on Thursday, which is the 48-hour "declaration stage" for the race. Hayley Turner, one of the Queen's regular jockeys, told thejockeyclub.co.uk: "I know she'll always watch the race. I ride for Andrew Balding and he'll always say, 'She'll be watching!' "If she's there in person she comes to the paddock before the race and she doesn't come back unless the horse has won. The trainer will give her the feedback."