Brad Pitt, 58, has discussed his career and life after his highly-scrutinised divorce from fellow actress and ex-wife Angelina Jolie. The Fight Club star suggested he may be looking into retiring from his prolific acting career. Speaking about the future of his career, Brad said: “I consider myself on my last leg, this last semester or trimester. “What is this section gonna be? And how do I wanna design that?” During the candid interview with British GQ, Brad also discussed his year-and-a-half Alcoholics Anonymous stint following his break-up from Angelina. The Maleficent actress filed for divorce in 2016, ending a 12-year relationship and two years of marriage. Brad then entered Alcoholics Anonymous to become sober, effectively finding a “cool men’s group” to privately discuss his journey with. He said: “I had a really cool men’s group here that was really private and selective, so it was safe, because I’d seen things of other people, like Philip Seymour Hoffman, who had been recorded while they were spilling their guts, and that’s just atrocious to me.” Back in 2020, Brad praised his friend and fellow actor Bradley Cooper for helping him get sober. The Once Upon A Time In Hollywood star credited his friend with the important feat during a heartfelt speech at the National Board of Review Gala. He had walked on stage to deliver his acceptance speech for best supporting actor. Brad revealed: “Bradley just put his daughter to bed and rushed over here to do this. "He's a sweetheart. I got sober because of this guy and every day has been happier since." "I love you and I thank you." DON'T MISS...'Disgusting' Piers Morgan slams Prince Harry's 'terrible' decision [UPDATE]X Factor star hit by tragedy as fiancee dies on wedding morning [LATEST]'Glad to be here' Dick Van Dyke, 96, says he's happy to be alive [PICS] Brad and Bradley looked close at the event, which was held in midtown Manhattan's Cipriani 42nd in New York City. They graced the red carpet together, with their arms wrapped around each other as they grinned broadly. Brad previously spoke to The New York Times how his support group at Alcoholics Anonymous were an emotional breath of fresh air. "I had taken things as far as I could take it," Brad said. "So I removed my drinking privileges. "You had all these men sitting around being open and honest in a way I have never heard. "It was this safe space where there was little judgement, and therefore little judgement of yourself." The July/ August issue of British GQ is available via digital download and on newsstands on 28th June.