The Cruise is a new Channel 5 series which launched on Sunday night, and the first episode was filled with plenty of drama for both staff and the passengers. Narrated by Sheridan Smith, The Cruise follows the lives of the crew onboard the Scarlet Lady as they travel across the seas to Miami, the Caribbean and Barcelona. With a ‘no kids’ policy, the crew on both the Scarlet Lady and Valiant go above and beyond to keep their guests happy and the ship running smoothly. However, it’s safe to say, not everything goes to plan as the staff struggle to deal with tricky demands from passengers. The first episode of The Cruise saw the introduction of some of the main crew members as they welcomed their first set of passengers, or as they call them, sailors, on board. Although, just minutes into the programme, the crew ran into trouble as the strong winds in Miami put their voyage into doubt. READ MORE: Lisa Nandy dodges strike probe as Raworth grills MP over action Luckily for them, Captain Giovanni and his second Captain Georgia were on hand to ensure they set sail at the time they had planned. As she prepared for her guest's arrival, cabin host Mamita said: "It's an important day today so everybody runs like Forrest (Gump). "It has to be perfectly done, happy sailor, happy crew." However, things quickly took a turn and it was all hands on deck after they discovered an outgoing passenger had trashed a bathroom suite and given housekeeping and maintenance a tricky job to deal with before the new guest arrived. In one of the 78 luxury Rockstar suites, a guest had trashed the marble tiles in the designer bathroom. The crew were sent into a panic as they had just moments to fix the issue before the new guest checked in. Cabin host, Liz explained: "We have to replace the marble and it is our last Rockstar suite we have to take care of." "It's not one tile, it is five tiles broken behind the toilet bowl," an engineer said about the damage. DON'T MISS...Kate Middleton’s touching nod in Cambridge's Father’s Day photo [VIDEO]Death in Paradise's Tobi Bakare pays tribute to BBC co-star  [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' baby Thomas DNA twist [REACTION] "Usually we need a whole day, starting from the morning until the evening." However, the team had less than an hour to ensure the suite was in perfect condition. The engineer continued: "The cabin is always occupied so they cannot transfer the sailors to another cabin." "This is the only chance we have," he said in a panic before adding: "This is a big job for us." Cabin host, Magic also seemed worried about getting the job finished as he explained they had to clean the suite before the sailors could move into it. Things proceeded to take a turn as they were faced with another issue. "We are not going to finish," the engineer said as they realised the toilet wouldn't fit in the space. However, in the end, things took a U-turn as they managed to fix the issue on time, although, Magic and Liz had to work quickly to clean the Rockstar Suite before the arrival of the guests. Elsewhere in the programme, greeter Ryan welcomed his sailors for a boozy evening on the ship. While agent, Selma, who deals with the VIP guests, who are called Rockstars on the ship, had to deal with two unhappy guests who missed out on their dinner plans. The Cruise airs on Sunday at 9pm on Channel 5 and also streams on My5.