Featuring an all-star cast led by Oscar winner Gary Oldman and Oscar nominee Kristin Scott Thomas, Slow Horses followed a bunch of down-on-their-luck MI5 agents relegated to pen-pushing duties at Slough House. The rag-tag group, who are known as ‘Slow Horses’ for their supposed incompetency, find themselves drawn into a conspiracy with dark forces at work. Yes, the show already had a second series after season one dropped on Apple TV+ back in April. According to previous reports, seasons one and two were shot back to back following a delay due to the coronavirus pandemic, Deadline reported. So, season two had already been shot and was simply ready to go after the first series after filming on all 12 episodes took place in London. The first outing consisted of six episodes and the second outing will have a similar number of instalments. READ MORE: Silverview: The John le Carré thriller that came in from the cold Season two will be airing later in 2022 but premiere yet to be confirmed by the streamer. Much like the first run, season two is expected to be dropping on Apple TV+ in weekly instalments rather than a mass release. The second outing is thought to be adapted from Herron’s second novel Dead Lions (2013) in a series consisting of eight books and three novella. Although the casting hasn’t been confirmed for season two, the main cast are expected to be coming back including Oldman as Jackson Lamb, the obnoxious boss of Slough House. The first series also featured Jack Lowden as River Cartwright, Jonathan Pryce as David Cartwright, Olivia Cooke as Sid Baker, Scott Thomas as Diana Taverner, and Saskia Reeves as Catherine Standish. Most of the main cast are expected to be making a comeback, but the fate of Sid remains ambiguous. Season two is also likely to include new cast members as the Slough House team take on a new case. If the second series is adapted from Dead Lions, then the new series will see the team investigating the death of a Cold War-era spy Dickie Bow, whose body is discovered on a bus outside Oxford. Lamb is convinced Dickie Bow was murdered and his team start to dig deeper, only to be entangled in a web of Cold War secrets. The Slow Horses all encounter Alexander Popov, who could be highly dangerous and has many secrets of his own. Season one finished on a big reveal with audiences learning how Lamb ended up Slough House himself and River’s grandfather being the reason. Additionally, this flashback scene gave context to Lamb’s dislike of River with this twist ripe for drama and further exploration. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle's Jubilee stint slammed by GB News guest [TV ROW]Coronation Street’s Kevin Webster confirms character exit [UPDATE]Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show [VIEWER REACTION] Slow Horses has proved to be such a hit for the streaming platform with Apple TV+ renewing the show for third and fourth seasons as well. Meanwhile, season three is going to be following the disgraced spires as they try to stop a rogue agent who has abducted one of their own. Finally, season four will focus on a bombing, sending ripples through Slough House with personal secrets coming to the fore and the fate of the Slow Horses themselves threatened. Slow Horses season 1 is streaming on Apple TV+ now