Friends of the Duke of Cambridge warn there is little chance of William and Harry repairing their rift in the foreseeable future. An anonymous source said: "[William] alternates between grieving for what he has lost and feeling really, really angry about what his brother has done." "He truly loves Harry and feels he has lost the only person, aside from his wife, who understood this strange life of theirs." Another friend told the Mail: "The truth is they have got to find some common ground again at some point. "William is also very principled and believes Harry has crossed a line. He’s thrown accusation after accusation, knowing that silence is the family’s only option because they don’t want to get dragged into a public slanging match. "William is absolutely allergic to drama but Harry has ensured that their family laundry is being aired on a global scale."  Rumours about William and Harry's relationship began to surface in 2018 with sources telling royal commentator Katie Nicholl the brothers fell out around Christmas time when the Duke of Sussex told his brother he was not doing enough to include the Duchess of Sussex in the royal family. The couples spent Christmas together at Sandringham with the Queen with royal watchers uncovering footage of William apparently ignoring Meghan during a walk. Royal commentators suggest the disagreements turned into a feud after William reportedly expressed concern to Harry that his relationship with Meghan was moving quickly. Ms Nicholl said in the documentary Kate v Meghan: Princesses at War?: "I think what was meant as well-intended brotherly advice just riled Harry.  READ MORE ABOUT A MUM'S ANGER AT BEING ORDERED OUT OF HER HOME "Harry is hugely protective of Meghan. He saw that as criticism." The Sun’s royal correspondent Emily Andrews claimed in the same documentary that Harry went "ballistic", saying to William: ‘You’re trying to wreck this relationship before it’s even started'." In March, 2019, filmmaker Nick Bullen told Fox News rumours of Meghan and the Duchess of Cambridge being at odds were not true and it was William and Harry who had a rift. The siblings attended an Easter service in the same year and reportedly didn't speak to each other.  DON'T MISS: Nicola Sturgeon faces Olympians' wrath over SNP trans bid [REVEALED] Kate and Prince William praised for 'lovely gesture' at Ascot [LATEST] Kate and William's new home to spark 'tension' with Meghan and Harry [REPORT] Three months later Ms Nicholl claimed the birth of Harry and Meghan's first child, Archie, had helped to mend the rift. She speculated: "I was told by a very senior royal source that actually they weren’t talking to each other at one point. "I certainly think now that Archie is here, it has probably really helped to improve the relationship. William is over the moon that his brother is a dad." In August of the same year, William and Harry came together to remember their mother Princess Diana for the anniversary of her death.  By October, Harry told ITV documentary Harry and Meghan: An African Journey: "Part of this role and part of this job - and this family - being under the pressure that it’s under - inevitably, you know, stuff happens. "But look, we’re brothers, we’ll always be brothers. And we’re certainly on different paths at the moment, but I’ll always be there for him, as I know he’ll always be there for me." He added: "We don’t see each other as much as we used to because we’re so busy, but you know, I love him dearly. "The majority of this stuff [in the press] is created out of nothing, but you know, as brothers, you have good days, you have bad days." In January, 2020, Harry and Meghan announced they would step back from royal duties, which reportedly took William by surprise.  Two months later William and Harry were on speaking terms again, according to reports at the time. Part of Robert Lacey’s book Battle of Brothers then came out in September the same year, giving more insight into William and Harry’s feud. In March last year, Meghan and Harry spoke candidly about what happened during their time as working royals in an interview with Oprah Winfrey. Harry said: "As I’ve said before, I love William to bits. He’s my brother. We’ve been to hell together. But we’re on different paths. "The relationship is 'space' at the moment and time heals all things, hopefully." According to Ms Nicholl, William was devastated by the interview.  Royal author Omid Scobie said in September there were still feelings of anger toward Harry and Meghan about how the couple carried out their exit from their royal lives.He said William hadn't been able to come to terms with the situation.Amid news Harry and Meghan would attend the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams told US Weekly Harry and William’s rift "very definitely hasn’t been healed". An upcoming memoir by Harry is a continued source of tension. Questions were then raised about whether or not the brothers had taken advantage of the Platinum Jubilee to patch things up. 