EastEnders' young couple Bobby (played by Clay Milner Russell) and Dana (Barbara Smith) fell head over heels for each other, but after Dana's brother Aaron Monroe (Charlie Wernham) was convicted for plotting to plant a bomb in the Square as part of a far-right attack, the couple split up after arguing about the incident. With Dana prepared to go back to work alongside her ex, it seems the two might get back together after months apart. Could they decide to leave the Square?  Official spoilers for the BBC soap confirm Peter Beale (Dayle Hudson) will return to work at Walford East for the first time since he was brutally attacked when Ben Mitchell (Max Bowden) mistook him for someone else. Seeing him struggling, Dana suggests she has her job back, despite her tensions with Bobby. Later on, Bobby finds Dana, who is alone and upset. Bobby will probably be quick to comfort his ex and try to cheer her up. Perhaps the two will begin to reminisce about the good times they shared and become close again. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Kim Tate murders Will Taylor over deadly secret Dana is probably upset about working closely with Bobby again despite them not being together. Originally, Dana had broken up with Bobby when she refused to believe her brother had been part of the planned attack. "Do you honestly believe he knew about the bomb?" She asked Bobby. "Because if you're struggling with stuff and this is part of it, you can tell me." "I believe it Dana, I know it," Bobby admitted. "This must be a lot for you to take in, I know." He added: "I'm sorry, but he has been groomed and brainwashed. "Someone's using him but we can still help him before he hurts someone." "My brother doesn't need help, Bobby," a tearful Dana hit back, adding: "You do." She went on: "You've been through a lot and I've tried my best to be understanding, to be supportive. "But this is my brother and what you've accused him of - I think it's all down to you wanting me to yourself." DON'T MISS... Gyles Brandreth reflects on Meghan last royal engagement with Queen [LATEST]Dan Walker admits BBC's Prince Philip coverage 'a mistake' [VIDEO]Simon Cowell defends Britain's Got Talent's Loren Allred in 'fix' row [VIDEO] As Bobby protested, Dana continued: "It's true. You want me to see my own brother as the enemy just because he doesn't see the world like you. "It's all in your head and I can't live like that, I've heard enough. "Your faith means the world to you, my family means everything to me. "I love you, Bobby, but I can't forgive you. It's over." A devastated Bobby tried to get Dana to listen but she walked away.  However, following Aaron's arrest, Dana tried to get back together with Bobby, who rejected her. Now that the two will be working together daily again after being apart since January, it could cause all the memories to come flooding back to Dana. She might regret breaking up with Bobby in the first place as her feelings for him return. It's clear Bobby has also been missing Dana, so the couple might reunite and decide to give things another go. While they were together, the pair talked about leaving and making a life for themselves elsewhere. It's possible they may revisit the idea if they do get back together. Dana may still be struggling to come to terms with what happened with Aaron, and being in Walford might be making things worse. Could the young couple decide to make an exit from the Square for good? Dana was reluctant to leave her dad Harvey Monroe (Ross Boatman) alone, but now it seems as though he might also be getting back together with his ex, Jean Slater (Gillian Wright). With nothing keeping them in Walford, will the two decide to make a life somewhere else? EastEnders continues on Monday at 7.30pm on BBC One.