Coronation Street star Alex Bain, who plays Simon Barlow in the soap, was rushed to the hospital back in May after an ankle injury. Now he has returned, this time to the fracture clinic, to chart his progress. The 19-year-old actor didn't allow his initial A&E trip to disrupt his plans to take a holiday abroad. He published an Instagram update praising the airport for its help, declaring: "Got a fancy new set of wheels! "Thank you to the helpful people at Manchester Airport." However, he has since returned to the hospital to face the music. READ NOW: Deborah James answers critics after ‘uncalled for’ Meghan Markle jibe "I’m at the fracture clinic having a check-up and X-Ray to see how it is doing!" he explained on Instagram, before adding: "I will keep you all updated!" He posted an image of his foot strapped into a special shoe designed to minimise further damage. His next post read: "Quick update again! I have to go back in four weeks time to have it checked again, however they’re pleased with the progress so all is well with me!" Alex has played his role as Peter Barlow's son Simon for the past 14 years. In recent times, he has suffered his fair share of on-screen drama. His father Peter, played by Chris Gascoigne, recently underwent a liver transplant after battling years of alcohol addiction. He then went head to head with his surgeon after discovering he'd taken a selfie of himself brandishing the liver he'd removed.  He narrowly avoided being charged with assault of the surgeon after his temper took over, causing anxiety to young Simon. Peter's partner Carla, played by Alison King, had been ready to go to dinner with the corrupt and sleazy doctor to reverse his fate, though such drastic action turned out not to be necessary. Simon had struggled personally too, after being manipulated into getting involved with selling drugs for a criminal ring. Teenager Jacob Hay, played by Jack James Ryan, had got him embroiled in a world that put him in grave danger, but it later turned out that Jacob too had suffered in unexpected ways. Last year, Alex revealed that he had been through mental health struggles in real life too. Describing life in the spotlight at a young age as "truly scary", he admitted to Metro: "I’ve been through some dark times." He has credited his girlfriend Molly and young daughter Lydia as instrumental in keeping his spirits up. He also added: "I think if I didn’t stick at the job I’m in now, I would’ve been lost. Corrie has kept me going."