The Most Rev. Justin Welby said that the Queen, 96, was steadfast and “stoic” in her public-facing duties following the death of her husband, Prince Philip. The Duke of Edinburgh died in April 2021 aged 99.  The Queen and the Duke had been married for over seven decades at the time of his death. But the Archbishop of Canterbury called the monarch’s public navigation of her grief “flawless”, saying she refused to dip into self-pity during the immediate aftermath of Prince Philip’s death. He told Sky News that the Queen displayed “courage, but also a complete lack of self-pity” as she faced the public’s attention. But behind the external image, there are “very few people” who know the true extent of her grieving process. Ahead of the Platinum Jubilee weekend, the Archbishop recounted: "She feels grief, but as she said on one occasion, 'it's not about me' - this characterised the duke as well." He added: "Therefore she's able to go on with this huge gap in her life with total courage. "I don't think there's anyone in the country who would disagree with the idea that her stoicism, her example to the country is flawless in so many regards." Mr Welby then referenced a “mesmerising” photo of the Queen sitting alone at Prince Philip’s funeral, restricted to just 30 attendees because of Covid restrictions in place at the time. READ MORE: Queen adds EXTRA date to Jubilee calendar - despite health fears He said that a person would "have to be quite warped" to see this image and disagree that the Queen is someone who does what is right whatever it costs - and that is extraordinary". He continued: "I wish there were more of us, including myself, who had quite that sense of just going to do the right thing.” Announcing the Duke of Edinburgh’s death in April last year, a Palace statement spoke of the Queen’s “deep sorrow” to lose her companion of so many years. Buckingham Palace said: "It is with deep sorrow that Her Majesty The Queen announces the death of her beloved husband. DON'T MISS: Jubilee LIVE: Celebrations across Britain as Meghan and Harry return [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should moaning republicans just 'shut up' during Jubilee? [VOTE] Jubilee row explodes as Harry and Meghan told they are 'NOT welcome' [REACTION] "The Royal Family join with people around the world in mourning his loss." At the time, Mr Welby said that the Duke "consistently put the interests of others ahead of his own and, in so doing, provided an outstanding example of Christian service". The scaled-back funeral procession in 2021 was followed up by a Service of Thanksgiving dedicated to Prince Philip in late March this year. The Queen attended the service at Westminster Abbey, which included extended Royal Family guests and senior politicians. The Queen is expected to appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony on Thursday for the RAF flypast rounding of the Trooping the Colour parade. The annual parade, which kicks off this year’s Jubilee celebrations, observes the monarch’s official birthday. It will follow a procession through The Mall and Horse Guards Parade, through Whitehall and up to the Palace.