The Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s biographer, Omid Scobie, attacked Thomas Markle after it emerged the retired Hollywood lighting director has left hospital to recover from a stroke. Mr Scobie, co-author of ‘Finding Freedom’, said Mr Markle had turned on his own daughter and didn’t deserve reconciliation.  Waiting for a Yahoo blog post, said: “For Thomas—who within 24 hours of being released from the hospital continued his tabloid chats—he plans tocontinue speaking out until he gets the attention from his daughter that he feels he deserves. “But that’s where he’s wrong. After tireless and failed attempts to repair their relationship, Meghan doesn’t owe him a damn thing.” It comes amid reports the 40-year-old duchess had reached out to her father to end their four-year feud after he suffered a stroke.  Meghan has been estranged from the former lighting director, who lives in Rosarito, Mexico, since he was caught staging paparazzi photographs ahead of her and Harry's 2018 wedding. Mr Scobie described the devastating moment Meghan knew it was the “end of the road with her father” and put up a “wall of silence” to communications with Mr Markle. He wrote: “Breaking away from a toxic parent is one of the most difficult decisions a child can make.  READ MORE: Dr Shola erupts in furious rant over ‘wicked' Thomas Markle “But when that family member has a history of creating stress, anxiety and pain through abusive behaviour and manipulative tactics, ending the relationship is often the only way to break the cycle.” “When Thomas responded to Meghan’s hand-written plea in late 2018 to stop airing their private business to the press, the solution he replied with was to stage a media-friendly photo call to show the world they have moved on. “It was a suggestion that led Meghan to reluctantly acknowledge she was approaching the end of the road with her father. ‘I’m devastated,’ I'm told she confessed to Prince Harry and her then communications secretary. ‘The media corrupted him. . . He’s so far gone.’  DON'T MISS Lilibet and Archie may 'hold a route back' into royal fold for Harry [INSIGHT]Jubilee LIVE: Celebrations across Britain as Meghan and Harry return [BLOG]Levin blasts Meghan and Harry's Jubilee stint 'Help Netflix career' [OPINION] “From that moment forward, it has been a dignified, but by no means easy, wall of silence with her father. The few occasions where reconciliation could have been remotely possible were destroyed by more damaging media interviews.” Mr Markle, who has been estranged from his daughter since before her wedding and has never met his son-in-law Prince Harry, was rushed to hospital after suffering a stroke last month. He was forced to pull out of walking his daughter down the aisle at her Royal Wedding following complications after heart surgery.Since then, he has spoken out about his daughter and son-in-law in a series of explosive interviews. Mr Markle. 77, had been planning to fly to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in a desperate bid to meet members of the Royal Family and his grandchildren - Archie and Lilibet - for the first time. He is now understood to be recovering at home after suffering from a stroke. Harry and Meghan have returned to the UK for what will be the former Suits actress' first experience of a Jubilee since she married into the Windsors. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will join the royal family at Trooping the Colour as the Prince of Wales deputises for the Queen - who will not take part in the ceremony, Buckingham Palace has confirmed. Harry and Meghan will have a prime vantage point with members of the monarchy from the Duke of Wellington's former office, overlooking Horse Guards Parade, as they watch Charles inspect the guardsmen and officers and take their salute on Thursday. The Sussexes are also expected to join the congregation for Friday's service of thanksgiving for the Queen's 70-year reign at St Paul's Cathedral, but their participation with Trooping is an added element. They are travelling with their children, three-year-old Archie and Lilibet who turns one on Saturday, and their visit to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee has sparked rumours the couple will have their daughter christened with the monarch present. It is the first time the duke and duchess have brought Lilibet, who was named in honour of the Queen, to the UK.