The 2022/23 Premier League fixtures are set to be announced on Thursday morning as teams discover who they will face at the crucial times in the season. And Express Sport has simulated the fixtures for the opening day of the campaign, with Manchester United facing a tricky trip to Arsenal and newly-promoted Nottingham Forest hosting last season’s Champions League finalists Liverpool. The new season begins on Saturday, August 6, with our simulator tossing up a string of exciting encounters to get the season underway. And new Red Devils boss Erik ten Hag has the opportunity to become an instant hero at his new club if he can lead his side to success over their old rivals. In the early years of the Premier League era, United and Arsenal were the dominant force in English football. And in the 12 years following the Premier League’s inception, the two clubs got their hands on a combined 11 titles. But the teams have fallen from grace in recent times and neither one has managed to qualify for this season’s Champions League. So a win on the opening day of the season would come as a welcomed boost for either team. READ MORE: Liverpool's third summer transfer 'close' as Reds to unveil two stars   Nottingham Forest cemented their place back in the Premier League after beating Huddersfield 1-0 in the Championship play-off final in May. And they will be forced to test themselves against one of the greatest ever Premier League sides when Jurgen Klopp takes his team to the City Ground. The Merseysiders missed out on the title by just one point last time around - and they will be looking to start well as they vie for Premier League honours once again. Our simulated draw also sees champions Manchester City hosting West Ham, who secured a spot in this season’s Europa Conference League after finishing seventh last season. Meanwhile, Leicester welcome Chelsea to the King Power Stadium, Tottenham host Wolves and Southampton face off with Brentford. DON'T MISS...Raphinha saga complicated as potential Leeds target suffers injuryArsenal told to sign ‘finished article’ striker in mould of AubameyangArsenal transfer confusion as Dusan Vlahovic explains his side of bid     Mega-rich Newcastle will be hoping for a top-half finish this season after impressing throughout 2022 and will get their season underway by travelling to Crystal Palace. Last season’s Championship winners Fulham face an away showdown with Aston Villa, while second tier runners-up Bournemouth will visit Frank Lampard’s Everton. And the final opening day match will see Brighton hosting Leeds, who secured their Premier League status on the final day of last season. The simulator certainly envisages some mouthwatering showdowns over the first weekend of August. So fans will be hoping the real fixtures will be just as juicy. Premier League opening day fixtures (simulated) Arsenal vs Man Utd Aston Villa vs Fulham Brighton vs Leeds Crystal Palace vs Newcastle Everton vs Bournemouth Leicester vs Chelsea Man City vs West Ham Nottingham Forest vs Liverpool Southampton vs Brentford Tottenham vs Wolves Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 