Washing and changing bed sheets regularly can be time-consuming, but it is important to keep on top of this household chore to ensure germs and bacteria are kept at bay. According to Deyan Dimitrov, laundry expert and CEO of Laundryheap, one common “mistake” made is only washing bed sheets when they’re visibly dirty. The expert explained: “Unfortunately, people don’t wash their sheets as regularly as they let on - some even wash them every four months. “Waiting until your sheets are visibly dirty can allow for germs, sweat and dirt to build-up over time, which doesn’t only affect the condition of your sheets, but isn’t great for health either. “As a rule of thumb, make sure to wash your sheets every two weeks to keep them in peak condition.” This may need to be increased to once a week in summer or if you have pets who sleep on the bed. READ MORE: ‘The best way’ to get your lawn to ‘thrive’ for summer - ‘important’ Another “mistake” many people make is over drying sheets. Deyan said: “Whilst it’s great to put on new sheets as soon as they come out of the tumble dryer for a warm and cosy sleep, keeping them inside your tumble dryer too long, or even on top of your dryer to warm them up again, can actually shrink your bedsheets. “To avoid uncomfortable bed sheets getting in the way of a good sleep, dry your sheets naturally on a drying line or rack, preferably outside for an even fresher smell, for longevity and better results.” Bedding also shouldn’t be washed with clothing or towels. DON'T MISS:Watering tips: ‘Best’ time of the day to water plants in summer [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap and quick’ way to clean kitchen tiles [EXPLAINER]‘Great’ methods to ensure plants ‘survive’ while on holiday [EXPERT] While this may not make much of a difference short-term, the laundry expert said it can affect the items in the long run. Deyan added: “Every material has a different washing process and needs enough room to circulate and rinse properly. “Adding different fabrics into this cycle can create added friction, wearing down your sheets or causing bobbling. “Equally, zippers or buttons could get snagged and cause tearing. READ MORE: Tomato plants: ‘Ideal’ watering method to ‘prevent root diseases’ “It’s best to run cycles specifically for your sheets to give them enough time and room to be washed properly.” Some washing machines may even have a specific bedding setting on them. When it comes to washing sheets, it is important to hold back on adding too much detergent. While many may think bedding needs lots of detergent to clean it, according to Deyan, this “mistake” can do “far more harm than good”. The expert explained: “Not only can too much detergent stain your sheets, especially if they’re white, but it can also wear down their fibres, eventually causing holes and tears. “Instead of detergent, I would recommend using half a cup of baking soda and vinegar to wash your bedsheets, for silky and soft results.” Baking soda and white vinegar is also a more affordable method of cleaning bedding. Deyan continued: “Always check the label…whilst this one may seem obvious, people often don’t check the labels of their sheets and just assume that they require the same cycle as their towels and clothes. “This often isn’t the case for sheets, as each type of material has different washing requirements. “Cotton sheets are best washed at a lower temperature, and certain fabrics shouldn’t be ironed or put in the tumble dryer.” The expert said if you follow the instructions, the bedsheets will stay “crisp” and “clean”.