Meghan Markle and Prince Harry reunited with the Royal Family in public at the Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral during the celebrations. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex "looked awkward" as they stepped back into the fold. Royal correspondent Richard Palmer told host Pandora Forsyth on the Daily Express' Royal Round-Up that Prince William and Kate looked "tense" also. He said: "I'm sure they were very worried about the reaction they would get from the public and what would happen with the family. "They looked awkward at times as did Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge. "They looked a bit tense during that service. "We were all looking for body language signs, they didn't even seem to make eye contact. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'spitting bricks' after cold shoulder "I was fascinated by the seating plan because Harry and Meghan were literally put in the second row. "Harry and Meghan found themselves sitting behind the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester who are very junior members of the Royal Family." Harry and Meghan were seated in the second row across the aisle from the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall along with Kate and William. Working royals filled the front-row chairs, meaning there was no place there for Harry and Meghan in the prime positions. They no longer use their HRH styles and the event was their first public appearance alongside the Windsors since they stepped down as senior royals two years ago amid the Megxit storm. They did however make a solo procession, holding each other's hand, down the nave of St Paul's Cathedral, after the rest of the mass of more than 40 royals and before future king Charles and the Cambridges. They were personally escorted by Lieutenant Colonel Sir Alexander Matheson of Matheson, the Queen's Senior Gentleman Usher. With little happening at grand choreographed royal occasions by chance, it appeared to be a recognition of Harry's place as sixth in line and a former spare to the heir and of the way things used to be. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle and Harry 'were 50 minutes late' [INSIGHT]Kate and William caught in 'photo battle' with Meghan and Harry [ANALYSIS]'Everything is terrible apart from monarchy' US talk show mocks UK [VIDEO] Meghan, in an elegant Dior trench coat and matching hat, smiled as she walked through the church, while Harry bit his lip at times, while also nodding greetings to members of the congregation. There was no obvious interaction shown on the television camera between Harry and his brother William, who have long faced a rift, nor the duke and Charles who have also had a troubled relationship, or between Meghan and Kate. Just over a year ago, Harry and Meghan accused an unnamed member of the royal family, not the Queen nor the Duke of Edinburgh, of racism and painted the monarchy as an uncaring institution in their controversial Oprah interview. Kate was publicly singled out by Meghan for allegedly making her cry in the run-up to her wedding.