Netflix’s award-winning crime series Ozark recently came to an end after premiering its fourth and final season. While the finale was met with mixed reactions, other viewers took to social media to express outrage as they believed Maya Miller’s (played by Jessica Frances Dukes) storyline was forgotten.  Maya was introduced to viewers in season three as an FBI agent and forensic accountant who was tasked with taking Marty Byrde (Jason Bateman) down. In season one, Marty had relocated his family from Chicago to the Ozarks to launder money for the Navarro cartel. In a bid to save his life he was forced to clean $500 million in five years and thought he could do so under the radar in the Ozarks. However, this proved to be impossible as his arrival in the small town didn’t go unnoticed while his ventures in multiple businesses aroused suspicion. READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint Eventually, Marty opened a riverboat casino as a front, so he could continue to launder money for the cartel, however, the FBI had eyes on him. This included Maya, who worked at the Casino and was tasked with monitoring the ins and outs of the finances, to check for any laundering or inconsistencies. Throughout season four Marty and his wife Wendy Byrde (Laura Linney) were trying to figure out ways to leave the cartel and move on with their lives. As a result, Maya offered a deal which required Marty to serve 18 months in a federal prison and then to work for her team directly to prosecute more money laundering cases. It was soon discovered the cartel leader Omar Navarro (Felix Solis) also wanted and offered the Byrde family their freedom if they struck a deal with the FBI on his behalf. They agreed Navarro would work with the FBI for 5 years before accepting minimal jail time. However, Maya faced backlash from her team when she decided to go rogue and arrest Navarro. As this took place in the first half of the season, before the mid-season finale, fans noticed Maya was missing when the show returned for the final six episodes. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star details moment he decided to quit acting [INSIGHT] Ozark season 4: Hidden meaning in Wendy setting up Javi murder exposed [INSIGHT]Ozark boss admits writers axed Ruth Langmore storyline before finale [INSIGHT] Taking to Reddit, user Veveguede fumed: “I don’t like how her character was used, misused, and underused. “In fact that gamble she took on meeting with abs apprehending Navarro makes her look more like someone willing to endanger her unborn baby. “She went through all of these machinations and with the Byrdes and Navarro, and goes maverick against FBI plans, and somehow is puzzled that the Bureau gave her a put-you-in-a- corner position.” The user added: "Maya’s role devolved from being a potential catalyst to a waste of talent, we never get to know her true motivations or intentions. We never see her grow or transform.” They concluded: “There could have been a whole other level with her being involved, but it all fell flat.” For the majority of her appearances, Maya was pregnant and fans often speculated, something would happen to her unborn baby due to the dangers she was constantly surrounded by. Speaking on the point of her pregnancy, user no-sail8616 explained: “It shows the risks she was willing to take pursuing the case and meeting Navarro. “She was so determined to ‘do the right thing’ and catch the Byrdes and bust the cartel.” Ozark is available on Netflix. 