It was a mixed bag for British stars in action on the first day of the 2022 edition of Wimbledon. The big names in Andy Murray, Emma Raducanu and Cameron Norrie all secured safe passage, but there were struggles for the rest of the home hopefuls while Heather Watson's fate will be decided tomorrow. While Heather Watson starred with a powerful performance on serve, the rest of her game left much to be desired. She aecellently battled back against German Tamara Korpatsch to claim a deciding set on Tuesday with the score level at 6-7 (7-9) 7-5. The first set was where the match was won and lost, with the Guernsey-born star struggling to keep her cool in the crucial tie break. The second set was equally tight, but Watson finally secured the crucial break in the 11th game to move into a 6-5 lead before she pulled off a sublime drop shot en route to saving two break points and drawing level at one set apiece with Korpatsch. Watson will face Korpatsch in the deciding final set on Tuesday as the Brit lived to fight another day after her stirring and gutsy performance to close out the second set. Elsewhere, Jodie Burrage became somewhat of a media darling as she immediately rushed to the aid of a ball boy who started to pass out during her match with Leisa Tsurenko. She stopped the match and ran over to help, bringing the boy a blue Powerade, a gel pack and Percy Pig sweets received from someone in the stands. “I just reacted how I think anyone would,” she told a news conference. “He was not in a good spot. I just tried to help him out as much as possible.” Despite her heroic efforts, the 23-year-old lost her match in straight sets as Tsurenko claimed a 6-2 6-3 victory. The incident occurred after match had only just started again as play had been suspended over an hour due to rain at 5-2 to Tsurenko in the first set. READ MORE: Wimbledon star seeing hypnotist after saying he's only here for money Burrage, who will compete in doubles later this week, was swiftly followed out of the competition by compatriot Yuriko Miyazaki, who switched to British nationality in March as Japanese citizens cannot have dual nationality. The 26-year-old lost after winning the first set against Garcia, slipping to a 4-6 6-1 7-6 (10-4) defeat. Home favourite and US Open champion Raducanu got off to a winning start in her first Wimbledon appearance since becoming a Grand Slam winner with a straight set triumph against Alison van Uytvanck. The 19-year-old - playing in just her seventh professional match on grass - overcame a stuttering start to win 6-4 6-4 in front of a raucous crowd on Centre Court. Backed by the enthusiastic home crowd, Raducanu appeared free of the side injury that threatened to derail her tournament. After making the fourth round last year, the women’s British number one will hope to go even deeper and she faces French former World No. 4 Carolina Garcia in what could prove to be a stern test. Raducanu’s success was then followed on Centre Court by two-time Wimbledon champion Andy Murray. The Scot suffered a frustrating first set defeat but exploded back to top Australian James Duckworth 4-6 6-3 6-2 6-4. Murray will face 20th seed John Isner in the second round. Elsewhere, British men’s No. 1 Cameron Norrie eased to a straight sets victory over Pablo Andujar as the ninth seed breezed through the first set without dropping a game before a tie break secured the second. DON'T MISS'Fired up' Emma Raducanu sends warning to Williams and co at WimbledonWimbledon Day One: Djokovic's Becker gesture, Raducanu's proposalAndy Murray amazes John McEnroe by copying Nick Kyrgios at Wimbledon Norrie, the World No. 12, then confidently took the third set in comfortable fashion  to win 6-0 7-6 (7-3) 6-3 as he looks to reach the second week of a Grand Slam for the first time. The Brit, who was first home star to advance, will face another Spaniard when he takes on Jaume Munar in the second round. The rest of the Brits are in action on Day Two, with Dan Evans opening his Wimbledon challenge against Australian Jason Kubler while 20-year-old Jack Draper will take on Zizou Bergs of Belgium. Highly-rated home favourite Paul Jubb has a difficult clash against the explosive Nick Kyrgios, with their clash going down before Liam Broady opens his tournament opposite Slovenian Lukas Klein. Alastair Gray will also kick off his SW19 tournament on Tuesday. The 24-year-old, who was born in nearby Twickenham, will meet Tseng Chun-hsin in an intriguing first round matchup. In the women’s bracket, Harriet Dart will meet Rebeka Masarova on Tuesday afternoon after Katie Boulter opens her Wimbledon tournament against French star Clara Burel. Those two matches come after Sonay Kartal will look to get home spirits off to a good start with a win over Danka Kovinic in their meeting early in the day. However, it is Katie Swan who will get the tongues wagging for the home crowd at the prestigious grass-court Grand Slam. The 23-year-old, who hails from Bristol, is set to face Marta Kostyuk in the morning.