Usually, when the Government or any part of it has presided over a complete botch, a whitewash or a cover-up it is prepared to “prove” that despite ­billions frittered away it was all necessary, so no one in high office was to blame for anything. In the case of Covid, the botch is so massive and so ruinous that it can never be excused. So it has to be ignored. But those two years and the damage they have done to our country will stain our ­history forever. It may be that we will never quite recover. Ah, we will be told, but it was all necessary. Really? There is evidence that 80 per cent of it was avoidable. The figures indicating this emerge not from our own government but from figures reaching us from abroad – which the British establishment cannot muzzle.We were told there was no alternative and that if we did not take the lockdown route we faced half a million deaths from the Chinese virus. We were told the Government was “following the science” – meaning doing whatever the Sage Committee told it to do. Those blithering incompetents are now retired with their knighthoods.Following Sage advice, we locked down an economy and a society. We paid millions of people to do nothing (they still are); we spent, borrowed and printed hundreds of billions and were told not to worry about the consequences. The few voices raised to protest this were told to shut up because the alternative would be a holocaust of mass death.Today the inflationary wipe-out that is ruining millions of those who worked really hard, the rail strikes, the broken airlines, chaotic airports, incompetence, decay and decline – all can be directly traced back to lockdown – to the mountebanks who insisted on it and the Johnson government which enacted it.So if our own government refuses to confirm this, how do we know? The answer is the much-mocked European Union and the World Health Organisation. It comes down to deaths per 100,000 people – and that means real deaths due to Covid and only Covid. In the EU league table we rate at 109 per 100,000 or a fraction over one per thousand, putting us 15th out of the 28 countries. It is almost certain more died of neglect because they were elbowed away to give priority to Covid, but that is not provable.What IS provable is that Sweden, advised by its public health chief Anders Tegnell, refused lockdown and kept everything possible open. Now it has sustained less damage and is forging back to prosperity.But at a fearsome cost in lives, surely? Wrong. The Swedish loss of lives was just 56 per 100,000 or one half of our own. And that is what our government desperately hopes you will never be told – that the economic devastation wreaked upon our country was unnecessary.And that, not for any sharing of wine on the No 10 lawn, is why the present government should go. It is customary and very trendy these days to slag off this country and top of the horror list is the long-gone British Empire. How odd then that so many countries that were never British colonies seek to join the successor institution – the Commonwealth.Last Sunday two more entered the ranks – Gabon (once French) and Togo (first German, then French). Others are Rwanda (ex-Belgian) and Mozambique (Portugal). If our rule was that awful you would think they would stay away.Back in the Sixties and Seventies, in the first flush of post-independence Africa, I roamed that continent, mostly watching and listening. To believe today’s luvvies and wokeists, you would think we were hated. On the contrary, I met nothing but affection for Britain and the British.In Ghana, I recall being told: Since you lot left we haven’t had a court judgment that wasn’t purchased. What the speaker meant was we didn’t take bribes.And he was right. Our District Commissioners listened to the evidence and formed a judgment based upon it. In final retirement, they returned to this country as poorly paid as they had left it.Since then no government high-up, civil servant or judge has expected to leave office other than as extremely wealthy. How nice it would be if the luvvies could do a bit of research and get their facts right. It must be gratifying for all those who put their lives on the line during the Iraq War and were then persecuted almost to their graves by the Iraq Historic Allegations Team (IHAT) to see the moving spirit behind their misery finally facing a court himself.IHAT was actually set up by our Ministry of Defence to its eternal shame, then closed down in 2017, branded “an unmitigated failure”. It sought to charge our boys with a range of war crimes they never committed.Leading the charge against them and causing limitless distress was Public Interest Lawyers and its founder/chief Phil Shiner. He was finally struck off for dishonesty, then went bankrupt and is now to appear in court, charged with fraud linked to a series of claims made against our veterans.It has taken too many years but it looks as if the persecutor-in-chief of those (now) old men will himself now be the one facing a jury. Loss by the Conservatives of two by-elections last week was as predictable as the sun rising in the east. But the nature of the two losses was quite different and the level of menace to Tory chances at the next election not the same.On figures alone it would seem that Tiverton was the more damaging but the reverse was the case. Wakefield could be the forecast of the future. We all know that a by-election which will change absolutely nothing in the House of Commons is simply a cost-free chance for the voters to send a message to those on high. It looks as if tens of thousands of Tory voters have swerved to the Lib-Dem philosophy, whatever that may be. But no; they were simply shouting at the Cabinet Office and its bumbling supremo “Get your act together”.But with a change in Downing Street by the next election they’ll all come back. Those who may now never come back were the vote-changers of Wakefield because they were part of the Red Wall, traditional Labour supporters who, sick and tired of years of Corbyn and Starmer, thought that the Tories could not be worse. It looks as if they have changed their minds and probably won’t change back.It may need a minor miracle and miracles are looking like Memory Lane. Try the Battle of Britain and the Falklands.Back then our leaders had British “bottle” and the people followed suit. Nowadays it takes the armed forces and the cricket tests to remind us of what we once had. Elsewhere the public sector is dedicated to bone idleness and incompetence. Downing Street sets the example and the rest follow. Credit where it is due, the French have come up with a smart new idea in cars – the Citroën Ami – meaning ‘friend’.It is tiny and electric and highly suitable for inner-city driving. It pootles along at 25mph which is all you can do in a British city nowadays. A British carmaker should race to provide and market a matcher.Our cities are being slowly choked to death and the penalties inflicted on drivers are crippling. Stand on a kerb and watch the traffic. Thousands and thousands of four-door saloons carrying just one human; all that steel, all that road-space, all that pollution – just to carry 150lbs of driver.The Ami carries two and is so short it can park nose-to-kerb. City-wide that would double available parking space at a stroke.City governments, if they had half a brain, would incentivise micro-cars instead of hounding all drivers, for it is visitors who come in to shop and spend money.There are other micro-cars but city authorities treat them all as gas-guzzlers and parking-zone chokers.I calculate hundreds of thousands would switch to micro if free parking made it worth their while. Either that or our inner cities are going to become ghost towns.Good for the luvvies-in-office but what about the shops and stores?