Dr Michael Mosley has long been hailed a weight loss guru, with his 5:2 and Fast 800 diets gaining lots of loyal followers who have had success with shedding the pounds. And it seems his advice is endless as he revealed there are some commonly eaten fruits people should ditch if they want to lose weight fast. He recommends swapping "super sweet" fruits for alternatives. "What you eat has a profound effect on your mental health, and therefore on your energy levels," he told sbs.com. "Once you've started the virtuous circle, then all the other things become much easier. "Fruit is great if you’re healthy but if you have weight to lose, then switching to less sugary fruits like apples and berries might be wise." READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Dr Mosley also advised fruits like mangoes are quite high in natural sugars in comparison to other fruits like grapes, raspberries or avocado. "One average-sized mango contains 45 grams of sugar," he explained. "To put that in comparison with other fruits, one cup of grapes has 23 grams, a cup of raspberries has five grams, while a whole avocado contains 1.33 grams of sugar." The Fast-800 website also states that slimmers should avoid eating melons and pineapples too often, as they also contain high levels of sugar. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] And while "eat a banana" has always been a go-to to fill people up, the nutritional expert warned that if a person wants to lose weight, they aren’t as healthy as some may think. Dr Michael continued: “If you are young and slim so you can get away with [eating sugary fruits] you can’t particularly [consume lots of mangoes or bananas] if you are looking to lose weight.” He also replied to a follower on Twitter where he explained: "A banana has equivalent of about three teaspoons of sugar, but also has three grams of fibre. "If you eat the skin - even more fibre. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim "Berries, apples and pears are fine," he added. "But limit tropical fruits such as mango, melon and pineapple. Go easy on the bananas." According to Healthline, the daily guidelines limit for banana consumption is one or two a day. They advised people stick to the recommendation, as eating too much of any food, even one as healthy as bananas, can lead to weight gain or deficiencies in nutrients. Alongside fruit Dr Mosley recommended as an alternative, dieters can opt for unsalted nuts or vegetables when looking for a healthy snack. The NHS recommends the average healthy adult consumes at least five portions of fruit and vegetables a day. But while rapid weight loss is not easy, one of the expert's top tips is to "stay accountable". "All the weight loss studies show that the people who keep it off are accountable to someone or something," he said.