It has been recently revealed that motorway services have considerably increased EV charging costs. This means, that if drivers charge up in certain places it can cost them 8p per mile more than filling up with petrol or diesel. The Daily Mirror carried out a test in which they plugged two electric cars into rapid and ultra-rapid public chargers to work out exactly how much it would cost per mile. And the figures have suggested that if motorists charge at some motorway services, owning an EV might not be as economical nor money-saving as previously thought. Insurance provider Which? also looked at the running costs of certain EVs. The firm analysed in detail the family Hyundai Kona and a more powerful Mercedes-Benz EQC. READ MORE: Major parking laws scrapped as drivers 'right to feel infuriated' When it came to the Mercedes, the experts found that with a 55p per kwh ultra-rapid charger, the EQC cost 24p per mile. The petrol equivalent came to 16.2p per mile and diesel at 19.5 per mile. The Kona showed similar results with the petrol equivalent being over 1p cheaper than the electric version. On top of the ever-increasing running costs, EVs are also expensive to buy compared to traditional models. DON'T MISS Motorists forced to pay over £8,000 to drive in Westminster [REVEAL] Electric car owner makes huge savings on energy bill with clever trick [INSIGHT]Drivers urged to be careful when listening to popular songs [WARNING] Motorists also need to invest in home chargers that typically cost between £700 and £1,500. However, it’s not all doom and gloom for EV owners. Home chargers are much cheaper and can result in massively decreasing running costs. For example, Which? found the EQC cost as low as 3.3p per mile and the Hyundai Kona just 2p when charged off-peak overnight at home. READ MORE: Drivers angry at ‘jobsworth’ councils handing out parking fines  The huge push for electric comes as the Government attempts to stop sales of new fossil fuel-powered cars by 2030. However, Steve Gooding, director of the RAC Foundation, said: “People who opted for electric cars on the promise of cheap per-mile motoring might well be shocked by these findings. "Drivers who charge cars where they live are still likely to be well in-pocket, but not everyone has that option. “Only two-thirds of homes have off-street parking, meaning drivers reliant on public charge points need to shop around. “Throw in the rising cost of energy, and the Government’s desire to recoup the money lost from declining fuel duty revenue, and drivers considering battery-powered might need to look at their sums.” Despite EV driving ranges constantly going up, many of them still do fewer than 200 miles on a full charge. This means that a re-charge might be required on longer journeys. Motorway services, in that case, might be the only option for motorists. And some services can charge extortionate prices. Researchers looked at those charging 50p per kilowatt-hour or more, which is not uncommon. There are more than 32,000 charge points in the UK, of which 6,000 are rapid or ultra-rapid. The average cost of rapid charging has risen from 35p per kwh in December to 44p as of now, while slower charging rates are up from 24p to 35p. This is due to the soaring cost of generating electricity. Natalie Hitchins, Which? head of home products and services, said: “EVs are fantastic, but some chargers are so expensive that they cost more to use than filling the equivalent-sized car with petrol or diesel.”