Manchester United are ready to do battle with Bayern Munich over the signing of Inter Milan star Denzel Dumfries as they look to bolster their squad. Erik ten Hag is keen on a transfer for his countryman but that could spell danger for some current stars. Four United stars might feel nervous over the potential impending arrival of Dumfries this summer after Ten Hag made him a top target. The Inter Milan star could be ready to quit the Serie A after just one season. While the Dutchman has been in fine form, speculation has heavily grown over the past few weeks that the right-back could look to leave. Several clubs are already interested in snapping up the former PSV ace. Bayern Munich are at the front of the queue as Julian Nagelsmann eyes a player that can operate as a right wing-back while Joshua Kimmich is utilised more in midfield. However, according to CalcioMercato, United are also pushing hard for the 26-year-old. Ten Hag has plenty of work to do in the transfer window with several players leaving such as Paul Pogba, Edinson Cavani and Juan Mata. It means that there are plenty of positions up for grabs while one area that he wants to strengthen is at right-back. The current options have left the 52-year-old wanting more quality, which spells danger for Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Diogo Dalot. It is no secret that there are clubs chasing their signatures this summer. Wan-Bissaka has been linked with a return to Crystal Palace but it might depend on United drastically lowering their price and taking a mighty hit on the £50million they forked out just three years ago. Dalot, on the other hand, has several offers but the Red Devils want to keep him on in a squad role. While that is a better prospect than Wan-Bissaka's, playing second fiddle yet again might not be the best move for the Portuguese defender's career. The arrival of Dumfries might signal a change in formation as a more accomplished wing-back than full-back. It could see a switch to three at the back, which would naturally force a few players around while some might drop out altogether. One of them might be Scott McTominay, whose days might be numbered as a regular under Ten Hag anyway. United are desperate to sign a midfielder while a switch to a wing-back system would disrupt any midfield pivot. Fred might be the preferred option to remain over McTominay with Ten Hag likely to favour his energy. Usually in a back-three, it means that one attacking player is sacrificed for more solidity in defence and that could spell danger for Anthony Elanga, who had a breakthrough campaign this year. Ralf Rangnick had an overall disappointing stint in charge but the development of the 20-year-old might just end up being his standing legacy. But that could be reversed by the arrival of Dumfries, who will be the one rampaging down the right-flank - not Elanga. With Cristiano Ronaldo up front and Jadon Sancho on the left, as well as another forward being earmarked to sign, these are worrying signs for the Sweden international.