Mr Myers has laid out the poignant meaning behind the Queen's balcony appearance and the inclusion of Charles, the Prince of Wales and Prince William along with Cambridges's young children. The Daily Mirror Royal Editor believes the work of Palace aides lay behind the carefully orchestrated Jubilee moment as the future of the monarchy was presented to an adoring British public. Mr Myers told Sky News Australia: "I'd be very surprised if we see [the Queen] in one of these balcony moments, Trooping of the Colour in the next few years. "But definitely I mean Prince Charles has been taking on more duties as have the other members of the family, Prince William, the Cambridges. "We also got to see their children as well so you're talking about, not in the future for the next generation but for a couple of ones afterwards. "So lots of poignancy and I mean these things do not happen by accident. "I mean, people at the Palace always say that to me, whether it's the colour of the flowers in the room recently as a tribute to Ukraine and the war that's going on there. "Whether it's the colour of the Queen's act when the EU referendum was happening, these things are layered, and certainly there was an awful lot of poignancy over the last few days." Just four years shy of her 100th birthday, the Jubilee Queen rallied to bring her historic Platinum celebrations to a close with a brief final balcony appearance on Sunday. Looking resplendent in vivid green, Elizabeth II stepped out at Buckingham Palace to bid farewell to the vast crowds. Flanked by her three heirs - son, grandson and great-grandson - it offered a glimpse into the monarchy's future. She shared the stage with just seven of her family - the Prince of Wales, the Duke of Cambridge and Prince George, as well as two future Queens - the Duchess of Cornwall and the Duchess of Cambridge - and Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. As the monarch walked slowly and careful onto the famous frontage, Charles placed his hand on his mother's elbow, guiding her as she used her walking stick. During the Queen's appearance, a choir of celebrities including Sir David Jason, Harry Redknapp, Sir Cliff Richard, Sandie Shaw and Felicity Kendal took part in a mass rendition of God Save The Queen. DON'T MISSPrince Harry and Meghan 'put in their place' at Jubilee service [INSIGHT]Prince William ‘knows how to be discreet’ – Duke praised [ANALYSIS]Queen's Paddington skit left royals open-mouthed 'Family didn't know' [VIDEO]  The four-day Bank Holiday celebrations brought neighbours, towns and much of the nation together as they marked the 70-year reign of the country's longest-serving monarch. The Prince of Wales spoke about the camaraderie the Jubilee events had fostered, telling revellers at The Big Lunch's flagship event in London he hoped "bickering" does not return after the feeling of "togetherness" across the nation. In a rare expression of public affection, he even took his grandson Prince Louis on his knee and rocked him from side to side as music played during the Pageant. The royals had planned to see a display by the Red Arrows - following their fly-past on Thursday - from their balcony vantage point, but the aerial event was called off due to the low clouds which had threatened rain all day.