Paul Jubb has implored Nick Kyrgios to concentrate on his tennis and court a "bit less controversy" following their chaotic encounter at Wimbledon on Tuesday. Kyrgios reached the tournament's second round after beating Jubb 3-6, 6-1, 7-5, 6-7(3), 7-5 on Tuesday. The victory was far from without incident, however, as Kyrgios admitted to spitting at a spectator amid claims he was subjected to "racial slurs" from the crowd. He also quarrelled with the umpire, referred to one line judge as "a snitch" and smashed a ball out of the court during the first set. Kyrgios, 27, doubled down in his fury after the match and appeared unfazed despite push-back from reporters. Jubb, however, offered a more sympathetic response when discussing the fixture and predicted "big things" in future for Kyrgios. “I hope his relationship with the tennis world gets better, more smiles and bit less controversy," the 22-year-old told talkSPORT on Wednesday when Kyrgios is due back in action at SW19. “He’s a big influencer to many people and has a big impact on many people. I wish him the best and I’m sure he’s going to do many more big things in tennis.” READ MORE Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal risk ending 21-year Wimbledon record after slow start  The world No. 219 said he heard "little parts" of the abuse Kyrgios alleged was coming from the crowd. However, he was also trying to "block all that stuff out" as he sought the biggest win of his career to date. “It’s back and forth. It’s the crowd going at him sometimes and him kind of fuelling the crowd, and it just escalates," said Jubb. “I don’t like to see that stuff. I want him to be happy with his career and playing. I don’t like to see him not enjoying his time and getting into these battles with the crowd and things like that." DON'T MISS  Kyrgios is due back in the spotlight on Wednesday evening when he and Thanasi Kokkinakis begin their men's doubles campaign. The pair each got their first taste of Grand Slam success when they clinched the Australian Open doubles title earlier this year. The duo from Down Under are due to face former British representative Aljaz Bedene and South Korea's Kwon Soon-woo. Jubb, meanwhile, can take heart from his second showing at Wimbledon and looks certain to return for another crack at his home major in future.