The senior royal is about to travel to Rwanda just months after Brexit Britain announced a controversial migrant plan. ITV News Royal editor Chris Ship spoke about the trip in a recent commentary piece. Mr Ship forecast the Commonwealth diplomatic appointment would become associated with Priti Patel's controversial Rwanda scheme for UK bound asylum seekers.   He said: "There was always a danger his visit to the country might collide with the controversial government policy to forcibly send asylum seekers there. "And so it has happened – sooner than most of the prince’s aides might have anticipated." The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall will land in the Rwandan capital, Kigali, in ten days’ time. It is part of Prince Charles' role as the future Head of the Commonwealth. READ MORE: London emergency: Stratford station evacuated  He will be representing the Queen at the Commonwealth Heads of Government summit (CHOGM). This involves the political leaders of all 54 Commonwealth countries. The meeting will be the first visit of a royal to Rwanda since the beginning of Home Office flights with asylum seekers who are destined for the African nation. Prince Charles could now be caught in a clash between two sides of the British constitution, the Government and the monarchy. DON'T MISS:GB news: Boris Johnson ‘undermined’ Brexit and must step down as PMUkraine would've ‘already won war’ with better weapons ‘I'm not joking!’ Erdogan warning to Greece  The Times reported Prince Charles thinks the idea of sending asylum seekers to Rwanda was "appalling". A source who spoke to The Times added the prince was “more than disappointed” with the whole affair. The source told The Times: "He said he was more than disappointed at the policy. "He said he thinks the Government’s whole approach is appalling. "It was clear he was not impressed with the Government’s direction of travel." He is reportedly concerned the controversial asylum policy will overshadow a Commonwealth summit in Rwanda where he is due to represent the Queen. The first stage of the UK Government's Rwanda plan has involved the UK paying more than $150million to the Rwandan government. Britain's plan is to deter asylum seekers from crossing the English Channel from France in small boats. More than 28,000 asylum seekers entered the UK across the English Channel last year. Dozens have died, including 27 people in November when a single boat capsized. 