Having performed in Belfast and Manchester, Queen and Adam Lambert have headed north to Scotland for two nights at Glasgow’s The SSE Hydro, ahead of opening the Platinum Party at the Palace for The Queen’s Jubilee tomorrow night. Brian May has been posting highlights from the UK tour with Roger Taylor and the singer so far, praising the audiences who have waited two years to see the trio back on stage. Book tickets for Queen and Adam Lambert here Brian recently thanked Northern fans, posting: “Thanks Manchester !!! A glorious night ! You guys gave us great energy ! Farewell for now - and take care … Bri.” The 74-year-old followed up with a post of the Scottish audience last night, sharing: “Wow ! Thanks Glasgow folks !!! Rockin’ in the Hydro tonight … yeeeeow !! Bri. Oh Lord …. I missed those happy faces !!! So great to be back on the boards - THANKS GLASGOW - you were great !” The Queen guitarist followed up with a slow-motion video of his “new toy” in action, writing: “Fun in Glasgow last night !!! More fun tonight !!!” The video shows Brian firing firework-like sparks from his guitar like a cannon, inspired by the 1986 A King of Magic music video. In a previous post, he explained: “Ha ! This makes me smile ! I resisted posting something this for the last couple of days because of not wanting to be a spoiler … but since the secret is now well out, here’s my new toy in action. I love it ! When we made the “A Kind of Magic” video in 1986 I asked the animators if they could - on screen - make magic sparkles come out of my guitar. They said yes, and we shot it that way so the animations could be added afterwards. Ever since then - how many years is that ? - I had a secret dream that we could actually make it happen in a live show. Well, now our amazing production team gave me a splendid device to make that wish come true. So it now gives me a great feeling of satisfaction to reach that point in that song, and walk out there with the device in my hands, and see (and hear) the happiness it generates in our beloved audience !!! I think it actually makes me play better too - ha ha ! Right ! I’ll be looking out for the best captures of this ‘gag’ over the next few weeks !!! Tag me, folks !!! Thanks @sunshineglambert for this one. Bri.” DON'T MISSBrian May teases first Queen show in 2 years with backstage look 'Wow' [QUEEN TOUR]Brian May teases new Queen Jubilee show after Buckingham Palace roof [JUBILEE SHOW]Brian May on Freddie Mercury death ‘Rog and I completely overreacted’ [FREDDIE MERCURY] After opening the Platinum Party at the Palace tomorrow night, Queen and Adam Lambert will begin their 10 night residency at London’s The O2, with a couple of dates in Birmingham halfway through. Then, from June 24 the band will tour mainland Europe, finishing with Tampere, Finland on July 25. To book tickets for Queen and Adam Lambert’s UK and European tour, click here.