The Boys season three has just arrived on Amazon Prime Video and the premiere included some surprises. For the first time in the TV series, fans got to see Homelander (played by Antony Starr) for the terrifying villain he is. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about when the superheroes and vigilantes return. The first episode of the season showed the calm before the storm as it focused on character development rather than action. However, by the end fans were left feeling as if Peacetime was definitely over. There was also an exciting appearance from Charlize Theron, who was introduced as Stormfront. The South African actress shot her moments from the scene in California. With the action really starting to intensify, fans are wondering when the next episode airs. READ MORE: The Boys’ Jensen Ackles ‘had to fight’ for Soldier Boy role The Boys season three, episode four makes its debut on Friday, June 10 at 3am Eastern Standard Time. For other time zones, this is 2am Central Time, and 12am Pacific Standard Time on Amazon Prime. This episode schedule is expected to stay the same throughout the season, with new episodes released weekly. Viewers are excited to see another side to Billy Butcher (Karl Urban) who will be resembling his comic book counterpart. As he has given up the drink, he will be taking a more calm, collected and calculated approach. However, this may not be a good thing for the rest of the gang. In the upcoming episode, titled Glorious Five Year Plan, fans can expect to see more of Starlight (Erin Moriarty) and Homelander. Meanwhile, Hughie Campbell (Jack Quaid) is determined to find out the truth about Soldier Boy (Jensen Ackles). There are questions surrounding his fate as there are some who do not know he is still alive. DON'T MISS... The Boys season 3 release time: How to watch The Boys in the UK [INSIGHT] The Boys’ Jensen Ackles explains changes to Soldier Boy [INTERVIEW] The Boys’ Jensen Ackles ‘did everything to get cancelled’ [INSIGHT] For Billy, he has experienced his first taste of power and he is bound to want more. He could find a way to use his temporary powers again to stop Homelander once and for all. However, this could come with disastrous consequences both for himself and the rest of the team. The third season is made up of eight episodes, so there is plenty more action to come. The official synopsis says: "It’s been a year of calm. Homelander’s subdued. "Butcher works for the government, supervised by Hughie of all people. "But both men itch to turn this peace and quiet into blood and bone. "So when The Boys learn of a mysterious Anti-Supe weapon, it sends them crashing into the Seven, starting a war, and chasing the legend of the first Superhero: Soldier Boy.”  The Boys returns to Amazon Prime Video on Friday, June 10.