Limescale occurs in kettles as a result of calcium carbonate which spreads across the appliance as the water boils. This occurs at a greater rate in areas with hard water, where calcium or magnesium are dissolved in the liquid.  Though there are plenty of limescale busting cleaning products available, many people are moving towards using all-natural substances around their home, particularly in their kitchens. The good news is, as limescale has a high pH, making it an alkaline, acid natural substances such as white vinegar and citric acid work wonders to remove it. Citric acid, for those who don't know, is a naturally occurring acid found in citrus fruits such as lemon. In a dedicated Reddit forum, user Even Stevens explained how they had experienced "effective" results using both natural acids. They said: "Lemon juice and water in the bottom of the kettle for like half an hour or so, then boil it. Super cheap and very effective. "If you want it done faster, then white vinegar - but be prepared to stink your kitchen out. Boiled vinegar is not a good smell." READ MORE: Alan Titchmarsh shares how to avoid ‘mildew and black spot’ on roses Create a solution of equal parts white vinegar and water, then fill your kettle to around three-quarters full. Bring the kettle to the boil, then once cooled, rinse a few times to clear out the dislodged limescale. Boil again with clean water and rinse once more to remove the smell and taste of vinegar. DON'T MISSWhy you should 'never' use baking soda and vinegar to clean a drain [REVEALED]How to clean your shower screen using car screen wash - ‘it works!’ [COMMENT]Brighton locals call for second home ban [REPORT] To begin, cut a lemon into two halves and squeeze the juice into the appliance. When you are done, use the halves to rub inside and remove any noticeable, e easy to reach hard water stains. Next, chop up the remaining lemon into small pieces and drop them into your appliance. Add around 500ml of water to the mixture making sure there is enough to cover the bottom elements of the kettle. Turn on the kettle and let the solution boil for around 15 minutes. After that, disconnect from the power source and leave for a couple of hours until the water has completely cooled. Next, using a soft sponge, scrub both the interior and exterior of your kettle. Pour out the remaining solution and lemon pieces, and rinse your appliance around five times using warm water. Use a microfibre cloth to dry off the outside of the kettle. If the inside of your kettle still has a hint of lemon, add fresh water and leave it to sit for another 15 minutes before using.