The much-anticipated Platinum Jubilee weekend is due to kick off on Thursday, June 2 with the Queen’s Trooping the Colour birthday parade. To round off the famous annual event, the RAF Red Arrows, alongside the Battle of Britain Memorial Flight, will be putting on an iconic show for the masses; swooping in from the North Sea, passing over the UK’s eastern counties before reaching Buckingham Palace. Up to 70 aircraft will be flying the route - here’s what planes to expect. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** For such a momentous occasion, the RAF has been long planning the route and event, with three scheduled rehearsals taking place in the run-up. Although it hasn’t been officially confirmed yet, the most recent rehearsal on the May 27 has provided a strong indication of the aircraft list to expect on the day of the performance on June 2. According to the Military Airshows guide, the rehearsal included three Wildcats, a Puma, a Chinook, a Phenom, two Texans, three Hercules, an Atlas, a Globemaster III, a Poseidon MRA1, an Airseeker R1, two Voyager KC3s, two Hawk T2s, a Typhoon T3, a Typhoon FGR4 and a Juno HT1. A Prefect T1, which represents the Battle of Britain Memorial Flight (BBMF), also took to the skies with the Red Arrows.  READ MORE: Best places to watch RAF Red Arrows flypast for Queen's Jubilee 2022  Although not all took part in the rehearsal, it has been confirmed the BBMF will take part in the real event, which is made up of planes including a Lancaster Bomber, Spitfires, Hurricanes, two Chipmunks and a C47 Dakota. Although it’s unclear whether all of these planes will feature in the BBMF involved in the flypast, the Lancaster is the centrepiece and tends to be flanked by at least one Spitfire and one Hurricane. At this stage, it is not known what other aircraft will be involved, but it's likely you might see some of the British Armed Forces' modern fleet. The F-35B Lightning, one of the RAF's fifth-generation combat fighter jets could also be seen.  Amassing in the vicinity of The Wash, the planes are due to pass over the North Sea and Southwold from 11.45am, to then head over Suffolk and Southend. The flypast is then planned to route from the hold through Swaffham, Thetford and Colchester towards London to overfly Buckingham Palace for around 12.40pm. The dispersal will occur from around 1.15 to 1.30pm, from the south and west of the London Control Zone, with plans to head over Kent, Surrey, Berkshire, Buckinghamshire, Oxfordshire, Gloucestershire, and Wiltshire. DON'T MISS: Archbishop of Canterbury urges Britons to forgive Prince Andrew [INSIGHT]Greggs: Get your hands on a free sausage roll this weekend [EXPLAINED]RAF flypast for Jubilee: When and where to see the Red Arrows [ANALYSIS]     It should be noted, the weather will bear an influence on the route and times, as well as the number of aircraft taking part in the event, so route information may alter slightly on the day. The flypast route is split into areas A to I, and it should take the planes nearly two hours to perform the provisional route. Here are the areas included in the route map with estimated timings for each.  For more information about the flypast, visit the Military Airshows website here. 