Whoopi Goldberg has been criticised for using foul language during a discussion about parenting during a recent appearance on the hit American chat show. Audiences of The View have since taken to Twitter to demand the actress be removed from the programme following a string of similar incidents. Fans of The View have called for Whoopi, 66, to be removed from the show after using the word “a**” during a conversation about parenting. At one point in the discussion, she said: “Sometimes you have to be an a** to be a parent.” Viewers didn’t respond well to the remark, with some claiming her offensive language shouldn’t be allowed. One fan said on Reddit: “Whoopi and Sunny's [Hostin] foul language was a bit much today.” READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret Another tweeted: “Does Whoopi really need to swear all the time?” Both Whoopi and Sunny also came under fire for their language during a conversation about tighter gun control. “Between Whoopi using the word 'b***hin' and Sunny referring to Republicans 'p**sing on her leg when it's raining' I had to turn off,” they said. “I know they're passionate about gun issues but this is daytime TV, not the Howard Stern Show. Some people have kids home for the summer.” However, other fans have rushed to her defence, claiming the language wasn’t extreme enough to warrant Whoopi’s removal from the show. Twitter user @MartinOpinion81 wrote: “When did Americans become offended by the word a**? “Americans are super sensitive. Are words offensive? Just change stations. Boom. Done. Just my opinion.” And Bonnie Jean Weiman said: “So people are really trying to cancel Whoopi Goldberg for saying ‘a**’ on The View?” DON'T MISS:Stranger Things’ Millie Bobby Brown ‘nervous’ for season 4 reactions [INTERVIEW]Yellowstone’s Cole Hauser reveals weight gain for Rip role [INSIGHT]Outlander season 7 theory: Young Ian romance sealed [SPOILERS] “What kind of pearl-clutching Victorian prudes watch this show?” Whoopi’s latest remarks aren’t the first to be hit by a backlash from The View fans, however. In February this year, the presenter was temporarily suspended for claiming the Holocaust “wasn’t about race”. She later apologised for the comments, writing on Twitter: “On today’s show, I said the Holocaust ‘is not about race, but about man’s inhumanity to man’." “I should have said it is about both. As Jonathan Greenblatt from the Anti-Defamation League shared, ‘The Holocaust was about the Nazi’s systematic annihilation of the Jewish people - who they deemed to be an inferior race.’ I stand corrected. “The Jewish people around the world have always had my support and that will never waiver. I’m sorry for the hurt I have caused. “Written with my sincerest apologies, Whoopi Goldberg.” Despite Whoopi’s apology, over 36,000 people have since signed a petition demanding her permanent removal from The View. The View is available to watch on ABC.