Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel is a big fan of Manchester City defender Nathan Ake and could launch a move to bring him back to the club this summer, according to reports. Ake is the second City player Chelsea are interested in, with Raheem Sterling also a target in this window. Tuchel is in the market for defensive players following the exits of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen at the end of their contracts. Cesar Azpilicueta has also been linked with a move away from west London. Sevilla star Jules Kounde is the priority target in that position after a deal fell through last summer. But Italian outlet Gianluca Di Marzio says Ake is also on Tuchel's list of targets. It is claimed Tuchel is a keen admirer of the Dutchman and could make a move in this window. Ake spent six years at Chelsea between 2011 and 2017, making just 17 appearances in all competitions. READ MORE: Man Utd ‘outbid Barcelona for Raphinha transfer’ as agent Deco influences move  He had loan spells at Reading, Watford and Bournemouth before a permanent move to the Cherries. He joined City in 2020 following Bournemouth's relegation to the Premier League but has not been able to find a regular starting spot under Pep Guardiola. Ake could slot into the left centre-back position in Tuchel's favourable three-at-the-back formation. Rudiger made that position his own last season before his departure to join Real Madrid on a free transfer. Ake still has three years remaining on his City contract and there is no mention of how much the Etihad club would sell him for. Meanwhile, Chelsea are also keen on his club team-mate Sterling. Sterling's contract expires at the end of next season. The Mirror claims the Blues will only pursue the 27-year-old if they get Romelu Lukaku off their books this summer. DON'T MISSRonaldo has ‘approved’ Man Utd signing but now the Glazers need to actMikel Arteta told he has already made Arsenal 'statement' before Gabriel Jesus transferArsenal 'set for £70million transfer spree' as Mikel Arteta gives green light to two deals  Former Chelsea left-back Scott Minto says Stamford Bridge would be the perfect destination for Sterling. He told talkSPORT: “Raheem Sterling is even more of a no-brainer [for Chelsea], I mean my goodness. "You kind of think ‘Well where would he go?' He isn’t going back to Liverpool, he isn’t going to go to [Manchester] United. Next best? Well, United are way down there, but Chelsea would be perfect for him. “Chelsea and Spurs I think would be two good moves for him, but Chelsea still I think they would be able to bridge that gap certainly more than what Spurs could do so I would absolutely go for it.”  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here