Coronation Street's on-and-off couple Daniel (played by Rob Mallard) and Daisy (Charlotte Brown) have not had the smoothest of relationships on the ITV soap, but they clearly have strong feelings towards one another. However, Rob has hinted producers will "put them through pain" in upcoming scenes. He also teased a character might be returning to the cobbles - could this person be coming back to Weatherfield to kill Daisy?  Rob spoke out about what dramatic events could be in store for his character when he appeared on the red carpet at the British Soap Awards. Addressing Daniel and Daisy's romance, the actor said: "She is fiery and he can be, but when two people like that are together they are just going to keep clashing, separating and then getting back together." Viewers have been left wondering if the pair will be able to make their relationship work for good on the ITV soap. Rob explained: "I hope so, and they have a little family unit with each other, but I think the writers are a bit more malicious than that." READ MORE: NCIS’ Michael Weatherly announces new venture after Bull He added: "So they are probably going to put them through a bit of pain first." Could this mean the lovers will suffer physical or emotional pain in upcoming scenes? Is one about to be left heartbroken following a dramatic storyline? Rob admitted he was a huge fan of soap drama, adding: "I love it. That's all the high drama.  "In real life you want everything to go smoothly, but in drama, you don't because there is no drama otherwise is there." The actor said he hopes Daniel's mother Denise Osbourne (Denise Black) will make a sensational return to the cobbles. Denise left Weatherfield several years ago, with her son wanting nothing to do with her. However, now the dust has settled, will she come back to the cobbles to try and reconnect with Daniel?  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Sally starts steamy affair with therapist [THEORY]Coronation Street could face same fate as Neighbours warns star [UPDATE]Coronation Street theory: Sarah Platt's affair with Stephen returns [THEORY]  If Daniel's relationship is going strong with Daisy and he lets his mother back in his life, what will she think of the barmaid? Could an unpredictable Denise struggle to warm to Daisy who is known for her fiery and jealous personality? Denise could do the unthinkable and murder Daisy to have Daniel all to herself. Daniel would be left heartbroken if anything happened to his beau, so his mother would have to think carefully before doing anything she might later regret.   In the past Daniel has pushed multiple characters down the stairs, so did he get his violent side from his mother? Addressing throwing two characters down the stairs in recent years, Rob told The Mirror: "That is turning into my MO, isn't it? I've got my own thing now apparently. "I'd love to play the villain, but that is a very swift road out of the show isn't it." Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV. 