There are few things worse than a wasp - or a few of them - buzzing their way through and disrupting the peace of a BBQ or a beer garden. However, despite being much maligned, particularly for their vicious stingers, wasps are valuable pollinators that play a vital role in the ecosystem. So when dealing with these critters, pesticides should really be your last resort. Without wasps, the world could be overrun with spiders and insects. According to the Natural History Museum, social wasps in the UK capture an estimated 14 million kilogrammes of insect prey, like caterpillars and greenflies, every summer. Although this doesn’t mean to say you have to enjoy their company and in terms of fending them off, there are a number of effective methods you can use to do so. To help make your time outside more enjoyable this summer, The Greenhouse People have shared a few top harm-free tips to keep wasps at bay. Food is a popular attraction for wasps, so a good way to deter them from approaching is to block all and any access they have to it. READ MORE: How to get rid of weeds between paving stones - white vinegar mixture  The Greenhouse People said: “Wasps send out a scout when searching for food and will alert the colony once they catch a whiff. “So, be sure to keep lids on any Tupperware when picnicking to block the smell and prevent a swarm of wasps from heading your way.” For those who prefer to eat at a table, mesh covers can be used to prevent your food from becoming infested. Citronella oil is an essential oil made from the distillation of the Asian grass plant in the Cymbopogon genus. It’s a natural insect repellent due to its incredibly potent citrus-like scent - differing much from its preferred floral scent. Citronella works by masking the scents wasps find attractive, making it much harder for them to find a host. Citronella candles work much more effectively than oils and sprays. As with the latter, you have to reapply them frequently to truly keep the wasps away.  You can pick up these candles from most supermarkets or from Amazon for as little as £2. The Greenhouse People said: “The potent but pleasant smell will deter a range of different insects so you can eat outdoors in peace.” Tablescaping, the artful and decorative trend for arranging dining tables, has become increasingly popular in recent years and the same is true when dining outdoors. But while your floral arrangements should wow friends and family, The Greenhouse People suggest taking care to avoid plants that will attract the wrong type of guest. Try to avoid flowering plants which produce nectar and instead, opt for known deterrents such as cuttings of wormwood or eucalyptus. Like Citronella, herb scents are also powerful insect repellents. By growing your own, you won’t only be able to naturally fend off the pests, but you’ll also have more garnishes and seasoning to hand. DON'T MISS: When to harvest potatoes - key signs to look for [ANALYSIS]'Causes them to shrivel' How to kill weeds without chemicals - 4 ways [EXPLAINED]Houseplants: ‘Great tip’ to get plants to ‘thrive’ indoors [INSIGHT]    A reduced shopping bill, tastier food, and fewer wasps - it’s a win-win. The Greenhouse People recommend growing spearmint, sage, thyme, lemongrass and rosemary as these “are not only great culinary herbs to add to your garden, but the strong-smelling oils from these plants act as a natural wasp-repellent while creating an aromatic experience for you.” You can place potted herbs around your dining area or, if you’re limited for space, go vertical by hanging herb planters on a nearby wall. Understandably, growing herbs can seem fairly time-consuming to keep up, so, for those with less time on their hands, essential oils work just as well to deter wasps - you might just have to be on the ball with reapplication. The Greenhouse People recommend peppermint in particular, as not only can its scent be most potent, but it’s also a nice smell for those having to sit among it. The Greehouse People said: “Simply mix a few drops of essential oil and dish soap with water before spraying over the desired area.  Not only is cucumber a perfect addition to any summer salad, but according to The Greenhouse People, its acidity has “repellent properties that wasps detest.” Budget101 recommends placing thick slices of cucumber on an aluminium tray. This is said to stir a chemical reaction undetectable to humans but powerful enough for wasps, causing them to flee the area. If all else fails, you can always try luring wasps away from where you're sitting. As keen, sweet nectar drinkers, wasps love all things sweet. To lure them away, leave some jam, a fizzy drink or some ripe fruit for them to hang out on. The Greenhouse People said: “Be sure to place the trap far away or you may accidentally entice the wasps.” 