Ousmane Dembele has demanded he be made a regular starter if he is to join Chelsea from Barcelona. Dembele's contract at the Nou Camp has expired, with the Frenchman having failed to agree new terms with the La Liga giants. Chelsea have pulled into pole position to sign the 25-year-old, who played under Blues boss Thomas Tuchel at Borussia Dortmund. And according to The Sun, Dembele is now 'ready' to move to Stamford Bridge, providing he is given some guarantees. It is stated that the winger wants 'assurances' that he will be a starter if he does link back up with Tuchel. The German has been known to rotate his squad, something Dembele does not want to be subject to. He is said to have 'grown frustrated' with his restricted playing time in Catalonia, having completed 90 minutes just nine times last season. Chelsea have become an increasingly attractive proposition for Dembele, who has 'serious ambitions' of winning the Premier League and Champions League. READ MORE: Chelsea to make Raheem Sterling transfer bid on one condition Dembele has fond memories of playing under Tuchel in Dortmund, with his form for the Bundesliga side earning him a mega-money move to Barca. His time in Spain has been a disaster though, with the Frenchman struggling to stay fit. Tuchel though still holds him in high regard and wants him to come in as a replacement for flop Romelu Lukaku. The Belgian is edging towards a loan move to Inter Milan after a disastrous first season back at Stamford Bridge. DON'T MISS: Chelsea 'feeling the heat' in Jules Kounde pursuit as Barcelona pounce (TRANSFERS)Chelsea 'really exploring' Raheem Sterling but waiting on key update (NEWS)Chelsea must remain patient with Dembele to repeat Thiago Silva trick (INSIGHT) Despite not being a like-for-like replacement for the striker, Dembele is still Tuchel's top target to take Lukaku's place. Tuchel has previously hailed the winger and has frequently sung his praises. "Ousmane is an incredible player, he's really talented. I could watch his amazing skills in every training session. If he's focused enough, he can reach any level, but he needs to remain focused and improve each day. He's a good boy. I had a good year with him," Tuchel said three years ago.