Rangers star Robby McCrorie is open to joining Manchester United this summer, according to reports. The shot-stopper is being eyed by Erik ten Hag amid the possibility of Dean Henderson and Tom Heaton leaving Old Trafford. And the Gers, it seems, are facing a fight when it comes to keeping hold of the 24-year-old. Manchester United will have David De Gea as their No 1 next term, especially after the Spain international flourished between the sticks amid a difficult season under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. But the Red Devils may need a new goalkeeper to provide competition for the former Atletico Madrid star. According to The Sun, Ten Hag has McCrorie on his radar - with the 24-year-old having just a year left on his contract to run. And the Rangers star ‘would be open’ to moving to United this summer, which bodes well for the Red Devils. Rangers are bracing themselves for summer bids for the Scotland international, who is unlikely to be their No 1 next term. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer United will potentially move for the 24-year-old at a time where their goalkeeping department is encountering some issues. De Gea will have to prove he can adapt to Ten Hag’s style of play, with the Dutchman looking to use a possession-based way at Old Trafford. Henderson is looking increasingly likely to leave, having grown fed up of being behind De Gea in the pecking order. Last year, the England international managed to get in the team ahead of his experienced team-mate towards the end of the 2020/2021 season. Yet that didn’t last long, with Henderson since having to contend with spending most weeks stuck on the bench. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links United could lose Heaton, with the goalkeeper being targeted by Middlesbrough as they look for a new No 1. And Lee Grant has already departed. It was recently confirmed the veteran, who had been with the Red Devils since 2018, would be joining Ipswich. United will also allow Nathan Bishop to leave on loan, too, as they look to increase his chances of being a regular in the future. McCrorie wants to leave Rangers because of the fact he’s struggled for regular game time. But, while that’s the case, there’s still no guarantee he’d get more action at United while De Gea is there. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Meanwhile, as Ten Hag prepares to lead the Red Devils, Jaap Stam has opened up on his compatriot. And the treble winner feels that, if he’s given sufficient backing, the 52-year-old has what it takes to turn the club around. “We all know what he can do and what he has done over in Holland with Ajax,” said the former defender, who spent three years at Old Trafford during his playing days. “Hopefully he can do the same now with United. Obviously, there are certain things that will need to be there for him to help him, maybe in terms of different players and personnel. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “But I think he’s done a good job in Holland.” And Stam then added: “In Holland, we always say that every player in every position needs to be able to play football. “So a centre-back needs to be able to dribble forward, to be the extra man in midfield, to have that pass. We try to educate players to be able to do everything. “At United, one of Fergie’s qualities was bringing players in of a certain ability who could do things well in their position; then if they go well together, you’ve got a chance of doing very well. He got the right players for the right positions.”