The Duke of Cambridge marked his milestone 40th birthday yesterday. He and Kate will reportedly hold a joint bash in the summer after the Duchess's celebrations in January were cancelled due to rising Covid cases. Royal expert Angela Levin said the Cambridges' joint 40th birthday party would revolve around family. The royal biographer told the Sun: “William and Kate will be equals on their birthday. "It won't be about either of them, it'll be about both of them. “It will be very family-oriented and wholesome rather than ‘look at me’.” Royal author Phil Dampier added that the couple will not be filling the guest list with celebrity names. He said: “They’ll invite the people that actually mean something to them rather than who’s the biggest celeb they can get. “They’ll bring the people they’re closest to, the people they work with, people from the charities they support.” The Queen has reportedly agreed for William and Kate to throw their birthday do at Windsor Castle or Sandringham later this summer. READ MORE: Prince William 'envies' Prince Harry It comes after the Duke set out his key birthday as a turning point, pledging more help for those who are struggling. William made the promise in an article in the latest edition of the Big Issue of which he is the cover star. The future King vowed to continue raising the issue of homelessness. He said: "I have always believed in using my platform to help tell those stories and to bring attention and action to those who are struggling. DON'T MISSMeghan's comments on Kate 'really damaging' for Harry and William Queen's generous bday gift for Prince William has connection to KateJennie Bond lifts lid on secret to Kate and William's relationship "I plan to do that now I'm turning 40, even more than I have in the past. "So, for my part, I commit to continue doing what I can to shine a spotlight on this solvable issue not just today, but in the months and years to come." William spent his big day catching up with Big Issue vendor Dave Martin who he sold copies of the magazine with on the streets of London earlier this month. The Duke took Mr Martin a slice of his birthday cake and chatted to him about how he was doing. William is also likely to have celebrated with his wife and their three children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Members of the Royal Family took to Twitter to wish the Duke a happy birthday. He later issued a personal thank you for the messages he had received on his 40th. William tweeted on his and Kate's Kensington Palace account: "Thank you for all the happy birthday messages today!" He signed his message "W", meaning it had come from him personally. 