Saul Daly, originally from Liverpool, was on holiday in the resort with partner Kathleen Mclean. He was rushed to intensive care when it was found he had a bleed in his lungs. Kathleen said Saul had been given the all-clear to fly home to Belfast to continue his treatment. However, they are unable to do so until the bill for Saul’s hospital treatment in Turkey is paid. Kathleen said the couple had got insurance before going on holiday but claimed the company was refusing to pay the whole bill. This has left the couple having to raise £15,000 in order to travel home to the UK from the nightmare trip. READ MORE: Thousands of holidaymakers stuck overseas after flights cancelled  The couple have lived in Belfast for a number of years and travelled to Turkey to enjoy a two week holiday. Kathleen told Belfast Live: “After a few days on May 16, Saul started to complain about having a pain in his back, which we felt must have been down to the hotel bed. “Over the next couple of days this pain only got worse and we asked the hotel manager to organise an appointment with the doctor. “But after describing his symptoms an ambulance arrived to take him away for tests.” She said that Saul had scans done at the hospital which found he had blood in his lungs and was very sick. He was then transferred 85 miles away to a hospital in Antalya in an ambulance for treatment. Kathleen said: “The treatment at the hospital has been fantastic and a few days ago Saul was given the all-clear to fly back to Belfast with oxygen so he can get further treatment at the Royal, as he will likely need it for another six months. “Our problems arose though when we were trying to get our medical bills paid by the insurance company who have been less than helpful with everything.” She claimed the insurance company said it would only pay less than half the bill for Saul’s treatment. She added that the medical bill has been getting “larger and larger” as the issue carries on. Kathleen said the pair now fear they could be stuck in Turkey for months if they can’t pay the medical bill. She added: “I have a son at home who I was meant to see two weeks ago and I don’t know when I will get to see him next.” Kathleen’s friend has set up a GoFundme page to help the couple raise the £15,000 they need to pay. As of this morning, the couple have so far raised £7,285 towards the medical bill and 381 people have donated. Kathleen has said the couple don’t know what they’re going to do if they’re unable to raise the cash.