A patchy lawn can be annoying as it can spoil the appearance of the lawn. Common reasons why lawns go brown and patchy include irregular mowing, lack of soil moisture, female dogs’ urine or an overdose of fertiliser. Luckily, there are lots of things gardeners can do if they are suffering from a patchy lawn. Kate Turner, gardening expert at Miracle-Gro, said: “Establish a regular mowing routine. “Never mow too short though as you can scalp your lawn which can leave bare patches. “If it is a dry summer, leave the lawn a bit longer than usual as this will protect it from moisture loss.” Bare patches can be re-seeded with a hard wearing grass seed. READ MORE: When to deadhead lupins to 'prolong the display' There are several brands of grass seed on the market including Miracle-Gro’s Professional Super Seed Hard Wearing Lawn. Kate added: “Make sure you keep the seed watered whilst establishing. “Don’t mow it until it’s about five centimetres long.” The gardening expert also recommended feeding the lawn. DON'T MISS:Sarah Beeny shares ‘common pitfalls’ people make when renovating [COMMENT]Pests: ‘Natural deterrents’ to get rid of slugs and snails [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘best’ way to clean ‘grim’ discoloured pillows [EXPLAINER] She said: “With a product like Miracle-Gro 2 in 1 Nourish & Protect Seaweed Lawn Food.” Grass feed can be purchased from garden centres and online. High concentrations of nitrogen in dog urine can also kill lawns. Kate said this is a very common problem for those with female dogs. She said: “If you can, try and encourage them to urinate in a different area. “As soon as you see them urinate, water the patch as this will help prevent the scorching from the urine. “Keep the newly seeded area moist, and definitely keep the dog off the area whilst it grows.” Weeds growing on the lawn is also a common problem. Gardeners wanting to use natural products on their lawn can use cupboard essentials such as salt and vinegar. A spokesperson for GardeningExpress.co.uk said: “There’s nothing more disheartening than seeing hours of hard work in the garden ruined by pesky weeds that seem to sprout from nowhere. “There are loads of commercial products on the market that will do the job in killing the weeds quickly, but most of these contain potentially harmful chemicals. “Not only are these homemade concoctions a chemical-free alternative, but you’ll also save the expense of store bought products. “Products with high acidic values are usually effective, but you should avoid spraying them directly on soil as substances like vinegar can break down the soil structure and kill beneficial microorganisms.” One product which is great to use to kill weeds is vinegar. According to GardeningExpress.co.uk, it “will kill everything it touches”.