Andy Murray’s first round opponent at Wimbledon, James Duckworth, has had nine surgeries throughout his career and is “more bionic” than the Briton, according to former tennis star Annabel Croft. Murray has won the title at the All England Club on two occasions in the past but hasn’t gone beyond the third round of any Grand Slam since 2017 amid a series of injury setbacks. “He [Murray] is playing with a metal hip - we call him the bionic man these days,” Croft said ahead of Monday’s match as she undertook pundit duties for the BBC. “I think people have less expectation of him but I tell you there will be a lot of players in the draw who will not want to face him. “Well I say he is the bionic man - his opponent today has had nine surgeries and one of them was earlier this year. So he is even more a bionic man than Andy.” Murray was once regarded as one of the best tennis players in the world as he competed for titles alongside the likes of Roger Federer, Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal. And he tasted his first Grand Slam success in 2012 when he won the US Open, before lifting the trophy at SW19 in 2013 and 2016. JUST IN: Wimbledon 'tradition' row kicks off as gender-neutral toilets spotted  But the 35-year-old started to struggle after the 2017 French Open and had surgery on his hip in Australia at the start of the following year. Murray made a brief comeback before breaking down during a press conference in January 2019 and announcing his plans to retire. He underwent a hip resurfacing procedure later that month and was ultimately able to return to the Tour but is no longer able to compete for titles. Duckworth, meanwhile, had elbow operations in 2012 and 2014, followed by two operations on his feet and shoulder surgery in 2017. He went under the knife twice in 2018 to ease more foot and elbow problems, before having work done on his shoulder once again in 2020. And after this year’s Australian Open, the 30-year-old had a procedure on his hip. DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu opens up on 'surreal' Wimbledon hype and pressureKyrgios continues bitter Wimbledon tirade - 'stupidest thing ever'Wimbledon hopeful has “great opportunity” as ex-coach hails qualities   Murray and Duckworth actually turned to the same man to assuage their hip problems as Melbourne-based hip specialist John O’Donnell operated on both players. And as the duo prepared to go head-to-head on Centre Court, Duckworth admitted Murray was “inspirational.” “I always loved watching him play,” Duckworth said. “I’ve played him a couple of times - once at the US Open, once in Brisbane. He’s obviously an incredible player, an amazing career, still going. [It’s] very cool to see him still going with the injury that he’s had on his hip. He’s been through a lot physically - someone like that is pretty inspirational.” 