Macmillan Cancer Support said that although waiting times have decreased slightly to 20 weeks - five months is still unacceptable. People with cancer shouldn’t have to worry about how they are going to put food on the table. Waiting times for Personal Independence Payments (PIP) have decreased from an alarming high of 26 weeks in August 2021 to 20 weeks according to latest figures from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). While any decrease in waiting times is good news, campaigners say these lengthy delays are still unacceptable, especially as millions of people are struggling due to the cost of living. Eve Byrne, director of advocacy at Macmillan Cancer Support, said: “On top of the existing financial burden that can come with a diagnosis and the spiralling cost of living, it is unacceptable that people with cancer are still facing distressingly long waits in receiving the financial support they’re entitled to. “While it’s positive to see the average waiting time go down slightly, it is at 20 weeks, meaning many people with cancer are still facing huge delays and we’re hearing from people every day about the dire impact this is having on their wellbeing." READ MORE: Universal Credit claimants could slash broadband bills to £15 a month  Ms Byrne added: “It’s vital that the Government goes further and faster to reduce the delays in the system with a clear plan to ensure that people with cancer get the support they deserve, when they need it the most.” Express.co.uk spoke to cancer patient Allison in January about how the British benefits system has left her feeling “broken both physically and mentally”. Allison was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2011, before finding out she had cervical cancer in 2018. She said going through the process of applying for PIP has added to her trauma. DON'T MISS:State pension age: Britons could miss free prescriptions [WARNING]Rishi Sunak to give pensioners extra £850 [UPDATE]Retired before 2016? You could get extra £14.48 per week [INSIGHT]    Allison said: “Cancer left me unable to work, in debt and having to claim benefits. “I’ve faced problem after problem in the nightmare benefits system, leaving me feeling broken both physically and mentally. “As a result of my cervical cancer diagnosis and side effects like pelvic pain, I should probably be receiving a higher level of PIP, but I don’t have the energy to take on the process or the fear of them taking away the benefit altogether. “Most recently I was invited to a benefits reassessment at an assessment centre miles away from where I live, which I couldn’t travel to due to Covid concerns, and the DWP said it could be two years for face-to-face assessment.” Allison continued: “The money problems have been one of the worst effects of having cancer and sometimes I feel guilty being alive.” Express.co.uk spoke to the DWP about Allison’s case in January. A spokesperson said they couldn’t comment on her individual case because she didn’t want to provide her personal details. The DWP said: “Unfortunately we were not provided with the necessary information to look into this case." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The spokesperson added: “We support millions of people every year, and our priority is ensuring they receive the benefits to which they’re entitled while providing a compassionate and professional service. “We are exploring what more we can do so the welfare system better meets the needs of disabled people through our Health and Disability Green Paper.” Macmillan provides support to cancer patients like Allison providing them with a whole range of advice including help with money matters. A useful guide with more support and guidance can be found on the Macmillan Cancer Support website.