Nearly three (2.8) million people rely on PIP because they have a health condition or disability which affects their everyday lives. Thousands more could be missing out - either because they aren’t aware their condition qualifies for the extra help or are put off filling out the forms. While PIP was introduced in 2013 to replace the Disability Living Allowance, exactly how much someone receives depends on how much their condition affects them. It’s paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) and split into two parts: a daily living and a mobility component. The daily living component is for people who need extra help completing everyday tasks. This can include preparing food, washing, getting dressed or communicating with other people. READ MORE: Attendance Allowance: Tips to add £370 a month to your budget The mobility component is for people who need extra help getting around. This can include moving, planning a journey or following a route. PIP is for people who haven’t yet reached state pension age and just over one in three cases (35 percent) receive the highest level of the award. While not everyone is accepted for PIP, it’s worth appealing a DWP decision as Citizen’s Advice figures show more than half of people who do, have their decision overturned at tribunal. DON'T MISSBritons could slash tax bill by ‘up to £1,220’ but thousands miss out [WARNING]Basic rate taxpayers could face higher tax charge - are you affected? [INSIGHT]State pension: Are you one of 770,000 people due £3,300 a year? [ALERT] Poverty charity Turn2Us has some great tips for filling out the PIP form correctly first time. On its website its experts advise: “Answer all of the questions on the form. Fill in the extra information, especially when you have ticked that you have difficulty or need help with an activity. “Don’t be afraid to point out the obvious." It continues: “The DWP does not know how your disability affects you unless you tell them. When you answer the questions about your day-to-day activities, think about the help you need (from a person or a thing) to do each activity: The charity also recommends checking its Personal Independence Payment (PIP) Test guide to find out what people can score points for or completing the PIP self test on the Benefits and Work website. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Meanwhile, PIP also acts as a gateway benefit to 10 other benefits and freebies that could save people thousands of pounds: