Sally Dexter, 62, has stated that she will “refuse to leave” Emmerdale if Faith Dingle’s relationship with her children, Chas (Lucy Pargeter) and Cain (Jeff Hordley), remains strained. Sally’s character has recently been diagnosed with incurable breast cancer and, as it stands, the matriarch has kept the sad news hidden from her children. Sally has played Faith intermittently since 2017 but Faith's terminal diagnosis suggests that she will exit the soap for good.However, she says that she will simply “refuse” if Faith does not repair her relationship with Cain and Chas.She told Express.co.uk and other press: “It would be dreadful if they didn't.“We would be left on a minor chord. The end of the song wouldn’t be finished. READ MORE:Carol Vorderman, 61, stuns in very tight-fitting green jumpsuit “It would be terrible. I couldn’t bear that.“In fact, I would refuse to leave until it was resolved!”When approaching the storyline, Sally and the Emmerdale team worked with Breast Cancer Now to gain an insight into what living with breast cancer is really like.Breast Cancer Now is a charity that provides research and care for people affected by the condition. Sally says that it was crucial to conduct proper research in order to do the storyline “justice”. The Olivier Award winner explained: “There are many people out there who have it or are sitting next to someone who has it, they need to know first and foremost that you can get better.  “The fabulous treatments, the fabulous charities that work with people who are going through it, and many, many people do come through it.  “We want to tell the story as truthfully, honestly and caringly with all the humour and humanity that goes along with a situation like this.” DON'T MISSCarol Vorderman ‘willing to mud wrestle’ Susanna Reid over Rob Rinder[INSIGHT]Gardeners' World's Monty Don deals with 'emergency' at Longmeadow[LATEST]Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen splits from husband Clive[NEWS] As a result, Sally hopes that the storyline will “help people” and “get people talking”,  but admits that it has taken its toll on her emotionally.  “It is real and happening to people, so you can’t just take it lightly.”Thankfully, Sally’s co-stars and the Emmerdale team have been incredibly supportive during difficult times.She said: “One of the great things about the crew and the other actors is how supportive they are.     “I felt very cocooned, very held, so it has been a great experience in that way.”Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.