Princess Diana's two sons Prince William and Prince Harry have spoken poignantly over the years of how they keep their late mother's memory alive, both in their royal work and with their families. And later this week, they are likely to commemorate what would have been their late mother's 61st birthday on July 1. According to royal author Andrew Morton, Harry and William have made sure that their mother's royal work is still remembered today by acting as her "torchbearers". He told the Mirror's Pod Save the Queen podcast: "I think that Diana's influence has lasted longer than anybody thought... because her torchbearers in life, William and Harry, have not forgotten her and have held concerts in her memory. "Harry himself says that he never makes a decision without referring it to her in a spiritual sense. "She marked a turning point in the way the Royal Family behaved and through her behaviour helped to modernise and make more human the Royal Family. READ MORE: Sussex Squad warned Kate will 'continue to rise' after portrait  "So it wasn't big handbags, white gloves and standoffish. It was more touchy-feely than it had ever been in the past. So she made the Royal Family more relevant to modern times." Harry and William's dedication to preserving Diana's legacy was particularly evident last year when the brothers met up on what would have been Diana's 60th birthday. Royal fans were delighted by the sight of Harry and William reuniting at Kensington Palace, despite reports abounding of a rift between the two at the time, for a special statue unveiling. Harry flew in from the US for the occasion, where he lives with his wife Meghan Markle and their two children, and he was seen chatting and laughing with his elder brother.  The statue shows Diana with children and highlights her dedication to helping young people across the world as a member of the Royal Family. And while remembering her royal work in a public capacity, both brothers have revealed in recent years how they keep their mother's memory alive in their family life, too. While speaking to NBC's Today show earlier this year, Harry said his mother's presence is "constant", adding "it has been over the last two years—more so than ever before." He explained: "It’s almost as though she’s done her bit with my brother and now she’s very much back to helping me. DON'T MISS:Diana would be 'incredibly saddened' by Harry and William's feud [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: 'Peacemaker' Kate extends olive branch to Harry [LIVE]Royal POLL: Should William invite Harry and Meghan to birthday party? [POLL]  "Got him set up, now she’s helping me set up. That’s what it feels like, you know? He’s his kids. "I’ve got my kids. You know, circumstances are obviously different. But I feel her presence in almost everything that I do now." The Cambridges' Kensington Palace social media account also shared poignant tributes to Diana on Mother's Day last year, with the three Cambridge children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis each writing a touching message to their 'Granny Diana'. Charlotte's message read: "Dear Granny Diana I am thinking of you on Mother's Day. I love you very much. Papa is missing you. Lots of love Charlotte xxxxxxxxx." While George wrote: "Dear Granny Diana, Happy, happy mothers day. I love you very much and think of you always, Sending lots of love from George xxxxx." 