Damon Hill has claimed Mercedes will have a “problem” if they struggle to make ground on Ferrari and Red Bull at the British Grand Prix. The former world champion has claimed Mercedes engineers will be “jumping out of the window” if they continue to struggle at Silverstone this weekend. The team have insisted they “want to win” the British Grand Prix and are set to bring new upgrades in a bid to close the gap to the leaders. In Canada, Toto Wolff stressed the team had a chance this weekend due to the smooth track surface. Mercedes were closer to the pace at the last purpose-built track in Barcelona but have since struggled on street circuits. When asked by Express Sport if Silverstone is Mercedes' best chance to win a race this season, Hill said there would still be other opportunities for the team at other permanent venues. However, he stressed that the team needed to show potential this weekend. Hill said: “We’ve had mostly street tracks haven’t we. We’ve had quite a lot. Miami, Baku, Monaco. So once you get to places like Spa, billiard table smooth, Monza perhaps, Silverstone, Paul Ricard. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton demands for action against racial discrimination “Austria is pretty much a Red Bull lockout it seems. Stranger things have happened I suppose. They definitely will be pinning a lot on [this weekend]. “If they can show they've got pace then probably yes Silverstone is the place we are going to find that out. If it's not there at Silverstone they have really got a problem. “I think people might be jumping out of windows in Brackley if that happens.” Wolff has claimed the team stand a chance of doing well at Silverstone if they can run the car close to the ground. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen's girlfriend 'likes' post defending Nelson Piquet  [INSIGHT]Christian Horner makes 'short memories' Mercedes comment [COMMENT]Charles Leclerc weighs into Lewis Hamilton racism saga [ANALYSIS] Meanwhile, Mercedes technical director James Allison claimed the circuit would “suit the car” more with the team “cautiously optimistic” they will be closer to the front. Allison said: “Everyone in our factory doesn’t dare say it but we are cautiously optimistic of having a more competitive weekend than some of those we’ve had of late. “I think some characteristics of this circuit will suit this car but we don’t have a car capable of winning from the front yet. But I think as long as we can get the car tamed through Maggots, Becketts and around the faster of the corners than I think we have a decent chance of a competitive showing this weekend.”