Tottenham are reportedly aiming to hijack Manchester City star Gabriel Jesus' move to bitter rivals Arsenal, as per reports, with the Gunners doing 'everything they can' to convince the Brazilian to join. Arsenal are poised to hold crucial talks in the coming days as they look to get a deal over the line. It had been suggested earlier in the week that talks for Jesus had ramped up between Arsenal and City, with the forward set to leave the Etihad Stadium this summer. The signings of Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez have all but guaranteed his exit over the coming months, with Mikel Arteta's men thought to be the frontrunners for his signature. But after having an initial £30million bid rejected for his services, the Gunners have still not agreed terms with the Premier League champions for a move to happen. And according to Gianluca Di Marzio, rivals Tottenham are ready to step in and hijack the deal, with their Champions League status potentially giving them a helping hand in the process. The report states that various Premier League clubs are in the race for his services as he prepares to make an exit after five years at City. Arsenal are ready to do anything possible to convince him to the Emirates Stadium, with Arteta knowing him well from his time as City's assistant manager. Their negotiations have been ongoing for a while, and will soon enter a crucial phase. However, Antonio Conte's side are supposedly moving behind the scenes to recruit Jesus as a partner to Harry Kane and Son Heung-min. Pep Guardiola has stated he does not want the forward to leave, although he understood the Brazilian's need for first-team minutes. “I want to tell you something, Gabriel is our player. I don’t know what is going to happen but he is a Manchester City player," Guardiola said back in April after he scored four against Watford. “But Gabriel doesn’t need to do a performance like today to score four goals to know exactly what he can do. Against Liverpool in the FA Cup, he had two clear chances man to man and he missed them, but always he is there. Gabriel has this incredible ability because he is always thinking what is the best for the team." “Maybe at the end of the season he says, ‘No I don’t want to sign the contract’, (or) we convince him to stay, maybe he decides, ‘I want more minutes, I want to leave’. Nobody knows." Tottenham have already signed Fraser Forster, Ivan Perisic and Yves Bissouma this summer as Daniel Levy looks to do his business early. And Arsenal are on the same path, with the Gunners close to signing Fabio Vieira and having brought in Marquinhos.