Ms Hunter discussed the ongoing rail strikes which are causing mass disruptions for commuters around the country. The former director of National Rail explained why she thought it was "extremely likely" that the strikes would be extended. Ms Hunter discussed the trade unions having to give two weeks' notice before implementing more rail strikes across the country. The ongoing rail strikes have been causing havoc for commuters in the UK, and Britons are urging the Government to step up and take action to stop the chaos. LBC broadcaster Nick Ferrari said: "If you heard my introduction, I talked about the fact that Network Rail is working to more strikes with the RMT, earlier for July and then possibly... "Would you be equally pessimistic that we could be looking at rail action of some sort of shape, through the whole of next month?" Ms Hunter told LBC Radio: "I think it's looking extremely likely and listening to what the likes of Mick Lynch and Eddie Dempsey have said they look like they're heading that way. "And they rightly as the process works will give the two weeks notice to do that, so that needs to happen as soon as possible. "So yes it looks likely those dates will be called, but the talks will continue in the meantime so there is still the hope of finding a resolution in the meantime."  JUST IN: Horror as British couple thrown off Air Canada flight for NO REASON    The British Government and the public have been condemning the RMT Union, due to the amount of disruption they have caused. Some school children sitting their GCSEs and A-levels this week have struggled to make it in to sit their exams due to the rail chaos. Other Britons seeking medical treatment have been unable to make healthcare appointments to receive the care they need. And commuters used to travelling to work via the railways have been found it difficult too, many offices have advised people to work from home.  READ MORE: Russia’s ‘disinformation campaign’ blames West for food crisis with as it blocks grain    The RMT union boss Mick Lynch has been asking to meet with Secretary of Transport Grant Shapps for weeks, but Mr Shapps has been refused to meet his demands. Mr Lynch has been demanding to receive an increase of 7 percent in rail workers' wages and has refused to accept the offer of a 3 percent one. Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Mr Shapps have been urged by the British public to do more, to not allow unions from disrupting essential industries in the UK. Government ministers have vowed to change the law to allow the use of agency workers in order to stop the rail strikes. DON’T MISS: Russia's 'outdated weapons' no match for Ukraine as 55% of forces WIPED OUT in DonbasArtist suggests we should bury statues such as Churchill so we 'look down upon them'Brexit-backing Republican Governor blasts Biden for 'weighing in' on hated Ulster Protocol Mr Shapps said on LBC radio earlier this week: "We are going to change the law to ensure there can be much more flexibility, the law which is sometimes referred to as agency is actually more about transferability. "That sort of modernisation can be achieved, if we can't get it by agreement with the unions, by changing the law. "And we will change the law in rapid order in the next month or two to ensure that transferable skills are allowed."  Mr Shapps then confirmed on Twitter today: "Despite the efforts of militant union leaders, they cannot bring our country to a standstill. That's why we're changing the law today, meaning any future strikes will cause less disruption and allow adaptable, flexible, fully skilled staff to continue working throughout." READ NEXT