The Good Morning Britain meteorologist gave a weather report for the UK from Innsbruck on Wednesday morning. Laura explained to ITV viewers she was in the picturesque Austrian city for a climate change summit. However, her decision to travel abroad for the conference sparked fury among viewers who have branded the climate change activist an "utter hypocrite".   Reporting live with a backdrop of the Austrian Alps, Laura told hosts Kate Garraway and Ben Shephard: "So where we are in the Alps at the moment acts as a natural barrier. "Normally a weather front is moving down from the north and it is hitting the mountains and rising and slowly but surely we are seeing the chance of some more rain increasing here, and increasing close to home. "Weather fronts here are battling in from the west and they make slow progress here as we head through the day." She continued: "For the UK it looks wet in the west and driest and brightest in the east." READ MORE: Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes'  Laura explained she was in Innsbruck for a climate change conference which is taking place this week and she has spoken outwardly on many occasions about being a climate change activist. While Laura did not disclose how she travelled to Austria, many viewers assumed she flew from London and lashed out on Twitter. ITV has been contacted for comment on how Laura got to Innsbruck by Express.co.uk. A disgruntled Andrew Peak remarked: "Did you take a jet plane or train to Austria to preach on climate change @Lauratobin1?" @Jagman3400 fumed: "So [you] travelled to conference to discuss climate change. Tell me how did you get there? I don't suppose you cycled so assume you went by plane? What an utter hypocrite."  David Gray added: "Explain why she has to travel abroad for the weather, the same person who preaches about fuel emissions?" (sic) John Doe raged: "How the hell this presenter lives with her views on climate change yet swans about the world making her carbon footprint larger than a small country, is totally beyond me! It is so hypocritical that it gives a new meaning to the word." Despite the backlash, other viewers were more understanding about Laura travelling abroad for work purposes. Chris Graham added: "She's there for a weather summit, not a climate summit. Do keep up." DON'T MISS...Laura Tobin credits Piers Morgan for getting her in 'massive argument' [LATEST]'Not that dirty!' Laura Tobin shares baths with husband and daughter [INTERVIEW]Laura Tobin regrets calling out Piers Morgan for not replying to text [INSIGHT] @FoodFunForest said: "Lucky @Lauratobin1 - Innsbruck is one of the most beautiful places I've ever been to. #GMB" This is not the first time Laura has come under fire for travelling to another country to discuss the climate crisis. Last September she jetted off to Svalbard, in the Arctic, to highlight the impact of global warming. Viewers were quick to call the host out, with many claiming the flight there will have added to emissions.  However, Laura hit back at the criticism as she explained she “wasn’t telling people what to do”. “I would never say to people don’t fly,” the presenter said. “I just said, fly less.” “We saw over the last year with the pandemic, emissions fell and were seven percent lower than they would have been,” she continued. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 