Gardeners’ World lead host Monty Don shared more gardening advice on the latest episode of the BBC Two programme. The 66-year-old, who has been the lead presenter of Gardeners’ World since 2003, shared how to plant tomatoes, sow sweet corn and pot up dahlias. The gardening expert also shared how best to grow the popular herb parsley. Monty showed viewers a bed of parsley which needed to be cleared. He said: “We love parsley and use a lot of it. “I planted this out last August and we’ve been harvesting it from September right through until a few weeks ago. “It's now going to seed and I'm going to clear the bed. READ MORE: Cleaning: I used a 13p fruit to remove limescale from my kettle “But before I do that, I just wanted to show you… if I pull one up here - that is an individual parsley plant. “That is one little seedling of parsley.” The parsley plant was around half a metre in length and had lots of bushy leaves. Monty said if gardeners buy a supermarket parsley herb, they should raise each individual plant so they can grow to be huge and have “masses of leaves”. DON'T MISSInterior: ‘Biggest’ kitchen trends to avoid - ‘overdone and dated' [INSIGHT]Cleaning: How to remove rust from radiators - ‘easiest’ tip [UPDATE]Alan Titchmarsh shares best way to keep 'weeds down' in veg patch [ANALYSIS] He said: “So when you buy it, maybe from a supermarket in a pot which is full of maybe 20 to 30 little seedlings and it looks great, but when you're growing them at home, raise each individual plant so it has the space to grow and can be this big. “Then you can cut it four or five, six or seven times and get masses of leaves. “We collect bunches of it because we treat them as large plants.” Parsley is a flowering herb that’s often used in cuisine throughout Europe, the Middle East and America. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Parsley can be sown from March to June and planted from May to July. Gardeners can then harvest the herb from June to October. Parsley is relatively easy to grow and likes loamy, moist soil. It can be grown in both full sun or in part shade, depending on the garden’s conditions.  For those growing it indoors, choose a sunny window sill. Parsley can be grown in either containers or in beds and borders. Gardeners’ World can be streamed on BBC iPlayer.