Nicola Sturgeon has come under fire for her renewed desperate effort to hold a second Scottish independence referendum, as she still needs to determine its legality through the UK Supreme Court. Scottish Conservatives leader Douglas Ross lashed out it was "potentially illegal" and a "dividing" issue, which should be put aside to tackle more urgent issues like the cost-of-living crisis and the NHS crisis. Speaking in Holyrood, he hit out: "A potentially illegal referendum next year is the wrong priority for Scotland." After Nicola Sturgeon concluded her Indyref2 announcement under fellow MSP’s applause, Mr Ross asked: "I wonder whether that SNP applause was meant to make up for the people in the public actually walking out. "Because Nicola Sturgeon is at it all over again. Her eye is off the ball once more. The real priorities of people across Scotland are on the back burner. Instead, the First Minister is putting her plans to divide Scotland front and centre. "Nicola Sturgeon has shown again today that the SNP’s selfish obsession with another divisive referendum is always their top priority." "She will use government time and resources to further her plan to break up the country just when we need to be pulling together ad working as one," Mr Ross said. "All of her focus should be on tackling the huge challenges faced right now. Helping families with their bills, supporting frontline services and creating good jobs." Going back to Sturgeon's Indyref2 attempt, Mr Ross lashed out: "Well, SNP memers are unhappy about that. It is being referred to the court because the legality of it is not known. "Therefore, it is a potentially illegal referendum. And it would distract away form our recovery. It will damage our efforts to rebuild the country after Covid. It is also the last thing a clear majority of Scottish people want. READ MORE: Sturgeon's marriage to SNP chief Peter Murrell: 'Nicola is in charge!' "The First Minister speaks of fear, the First Minister speaks of fear," Mr Ross repeated. "But what concerns all of us is the price cut and pace for her continued obsession with another referendum. So we won't play Nicola Sturgeon's game. We won't take part in a pretend pulp. "And there's real work to be done. Real work on the cost-of-living crisis, real work to invest in public services. Real work on our economy. Those are our priorities. "And they are the real priorities of people across Scotland as well. But instead of focusing on the right priorities, Nicola Sturgeon is railroading this government talking about the SNP's obsession. "This is become a due-nothing Parliament. Nicola Sturgeon has confirmed today that she will introduce a bill for another independence referendum. But what is she doing about the country's top priorities? Nothing. DON'T MISS:Nicola Sturgeon slapped down over Indyref2 'Clear people don't want!' [REPORT]'How can it be lawful?' Kay Burley skewers Sturgeon 'breaking the law' [REPORT]Sturgeon vows to ignore Westminster if it blocks IndyRef2 [REPORT] The fierce criticism levelled at Nicola Strurgeon come after the First Minister introduced her plan to hold a second Scottish referendum - a pledge she has made on the campaign trail ahead of the May's Scottish elections, which her SNP party overwhelmingly won. However, she stressed Holyrood does not have the legal authority to hold a referendum without a Section 30 order of the Scotland Act - a provision that allows Westminster to transfer some powers to Holyrood. To clear out the issue of legality, she has asked the UK Supreme Court to investigate whether Holyrood can unilaterally hold a referendum - without Boris Johnson's consent. Ms Sturgeon proposed that a "legal, constitutional referendum" be held on October 19, 2023. READ NEXT:GB News: Neil Oliver slams ‘ridiculous’ Sturgeon over Indyref2Nicola Sturgeon accused of ‘being in cloud cuckoo land' Republican row erupts over Queen's Jubilee book for childrenNicola Sturgeon skewered over 'pretend referendum' plansQueen health update: Monarch travels to Scotland in major boost