With the nation poised to gather in numbers across the UK to celebrate the 70-year anniversary of the reign of Queen Elizabeth II, BBQs over the weekend are likely to feature highly. Weather depending, one of Britain’s favourite and historic pastimes has been made all the easier thanks to some amazing advice from a pro.  Speaking exclusively ahead of the festivities, Roel Westra from the Netherlands, also known as Pitmaster X and runs a hugely popular YouTube channel, as well as a super intuitive website, gave his views on how to best enjoy a BBQ over the Jubilee weekend. He said: “Lots of people will probably be taking part in various activities over the day, so you don’t have the whole day to sit next to the BBQ. “So you want to probably prepare something, that once you are back home after the festivities, you take your friends and family home, fire up the grill and make something you can grill quickly. “I would suggest something not well known, but a great idea, a skirt steak. “Make sure you marinade it upfront in your favourite flavours and then grill it up, serve it on sandwiches with some sauce and I think that’s a quick, easy and delicious idea.”  Speaking of how to best prepare for a BBQ, the top pitmaster said: “It’s all about the quality of the products you use. “This includes both the product you are cooking and the fuel you use. “Look for good quality dry charcoal, this will do most of the work for you, and will produce best quality food. “Also, buying cheaper cuts of meat or chicken could mean it’s easier to mess up. “For example, a chicken portion which is a little fattier, such as a thigh from a bird that has been roaming free, will remain juicer once cooked, and won’t dry out like cheaper chickens or cuts. “The fat also builds up so much more flavour, the same goes for a piece of beef.”  READ MORE:How to clean a barbecue using just baking soda Speaking of beef, Pitmaster X suggested once again going for a better cut of meat. He said: “Go for a higher quality piece of meat and lesser known cut, instead of a ribeye for instance. “Why would you buy an expensive cut like a ribeye when you could pay less money and get great tri-tip instead. “So shop around for deals, it really pays off.” When asked how he got into BBQ as well as launching a Youtube channel dedicated to BBQ, Pitmaster X reminisced over his start to such an adventure. He said: “I have been doing this now for over 11 years. “When I started out, everyone laughed at me because I was making Youtube videos, and at that time, people always said ‘what are you doing’ and ‘why are you doing it' because, at the time, you couldn’t make money from it. “But for me, it’s all about fun, and that’s why I kept doing it. “I don’t care about the competition on Youtube, for me, it’s about more people creating content, and making it fun to share with other people.  “I hope I have been able to inspire a lot of people to cook on the BBQ and do the same thing.” DON'T MISS:Crime gangs target vulnerable in new scam [REPORT]British pound faces 'existential threat' as global currency [REVEAL]Council killjoys take aim at Jubilee [INSIGHT] As to how he got into the cooking, he said: “For me, it’s always about the food. “I remember standing next to my mum when she was cooking in the kitchen. “From an early age I was interested in seeing something going into a pan, watching something happening, and then watching what comes out being magically delicious… that’s where it all started. “I also worked in a steak restaurant when I was a student, and that triggered something too. “It was here I found creating really delicious food was easy to do if you just do it yourself. “Simple ingredients like garlic, butter and parsley can turn a shrimp into an amazing shrimp."  Mr Westra ended by reminding Britons of their cultural heritage and history when it comes to BBQ. He said: “Americans feel strongly about their BBQ heritage, but we as Europeans also have a long history in BBQ. “Both the UK and the Netherlands share the same heritage when it comes to smoking fish. “We also smoked meats in the same process, often in a little baking house next to farms. “We have kind of lost that now, but we should be proud of that past, and as BBQ fans, we are trying to get that back. “Smoking foods using beech and oak may sound boring, but it makes the food taste so great. “If you look at the history of both the Netherlands and the UK, we also have a huge colonial heritage, allowing us to travel all over the world, and bring these awesome spices and flavours home. “If I look at the UK, so many cultures live there, so why not integrate these cultures and flavours into your cooking, and have it merged into something amazing… just look at butter curry chicken or kebabs, so just enjoy it.” His final tip was to try things yourself. He concluded: “Look at all the shawarma (kebab) shops… they focus on fast food and low quality. “But if you can make these at home using high-quality ingredients, they taste so amazing and are so easy to make.” 