Amelia, 14, plays schoolgirl April Windsor in the ITV soap. She recently shared a heart wrenching scene with Mark when Marlon suffered a severe stroke and April found him on the floor.  During the awards, the young actress wiped away tears as Mark's name was called out as the winner of the sought-after soap award. As the nominations for Best Dramatic Performance were announced, the nominees held their breaths before Mark was crowned the winner. As he left his seat to collect the award, Amelia appeared emotional as she clapped for him. When he took to the stage, the teenager could be seen crying. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Triple exit for beloved villagers in tragedy During his speech, the actor stated: "I'm going to get so drunk!" He added: "It's lucky I'm not cool because it means you don't have to be cool. "Because I'm just... you see people getting these awards and it's, 'Oh, it's in my mum's downstairs toilet.' "I'm going to wear this! Day in, day out." As the audience laughed, the soap favorite continued.  "It's a medallion, it's a hatpin, it's a fetching brooch, it's all of those things. "But I should thank very quickly the producers for trusting me with the story, the amazing crews, the writers, the directors, the cast who have just had their arms around me for the whole story, they've been so supportive." He mentioned Amelia as he listed off a few co-stars he also wanted to acknowledge. DON'T MISS... Emotional Lacey Turner pays tribute to EastEnders co-star [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Bethany returns as Craig and Faye split [THEORY]Antiques Roadshow guest gobsmacked by valuation of fashion collection [VIDEO] Before ending his speech, Mark talked about the seriousness of strokes and called for further help to be made available to stroke victims and their families. Viewers tuned in couldn't help but notice Amelia's reaction and were quick to comment on the sweet moment. Twitter user @griannedoherty2 penned: "Aw how totally sweet is little Amelia Flanagan's reaction to her onscreen Dad's epic win seriously #SoapAwards2022 #Emmerdale." (sic) @Theatreluvvie12 replied, writing: "Yes she's so emotional bless." @Kaaaaatie_x shared: "Amelia Flanagan crying at Mark Charnock winning has actually broken me." @Stephanie_Gee20 commented: "Bless Amelia, she was emotional at Mark winning his award #SoapAwards." @alisonsmix posted crying emojis alongside the caption: "AND THE FACT IM CRYING MORE AT AMELIA CRYING ASWELL #Emmerdale #BritishSoapAwards." (sic) Emmerdale continues on Monday at 7.30pm on ITV and the British Soap Awards is available to watch on ITV Hub now.