The spring weather has seen gardeners flocking back to their outside spaces in preparation for summer. However, for novice gardeners, growing their own flowers for the first time can be intimidating. This is especially considering that every flower has its own unique specifications, from the amount of sunlight it requires to the type of soil it is best suited to. Green-fingered specialists from GardenBuildingsDirect.co.uk have compiled a varied list of easy-care flowers, ideal for new gardeners who are strapped for time. A spokesperson from GardenBuildingsDirect.co.uk explained that not all flowers require “complex maintenance”. They said: “Having a flourishing garden doesn’t require complex maintenance or heaps of spare time. “By planting flowers that require little care, such as peonies or lavender, you can achieve a brilliant garden landscape whilst balancing a busy lifestyle.” The experts first listed peonies as needing little maintenance. READ MORE: ‘Potent smell’ to keep wasps at bay in the garden during summer They said: “Peonies are drought and slug resistant, making them reliable performers. “They bloom best in a spot that sees six to eight hours of sunlight per day and requires very low maintenance once established.” The colour range of peonies is more limited than some other perennials, with most varieties being shades of pink, white or wine. Plants can grow up to three feet high, and they will last for many years if undisturbed. They do not like to be transplanted. Lavender is also a great choice for those who don’t have the time caring for garden plants. This plant copes well in drought and frost and is highly likely to return year on year. DON'T MISS: I tried Bar Keepers Friend stain remover to brighten my tile grout [INSIGHT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer boosts value by £34k in impressive update [EXPERT]Oven cleaning: ‘Extremely easy’ 29p way to clean your oven glass [TIPS] The spokesperson said: “They’re a great choice if strapped for time, requiring little watering or pruning.” Coneflowers, or echinacea, are quickly becoming a favourite perennial plant of many gardeners. The gardening pro explained: “Echinacea can be a source of food, medicine or simply a bright addition to the garden. “They don’t need pruning throughout the year and are compatible with most soil types, making echinacea as unfussy as they come.” The clumps get bigger each year, with more flowers to fill your garden. The bees and butterflies love them, and the dried seed heads provide winter interest in the garden. Wildflowers are next on the list. The are quite happy left to their own devices without being fed, pruned, or sprayed. They don’t seem to suffer from diseases and they cope fairly well with pests. The flower gurus said: “The beauty of wildflowers is that they’re not supposed to look perfect, meaning they’re a low maintenance addition to the garden. “They’re also simple to plant, and simply sprinkle wild seed mix over bare soil and you’ll have some bloomers in no time.” Bergenias are a straightforward solution to patches of bare soil. The evergreen leaves cover bare ground all year round, with the promise of a burst of pink in spring when their flowers bloom, known to attract bumble bees. Bergenias are also popular because they are so low maintenance. Not only are dwarf daffodils absolutely stunning but they act as a natural pest deterrent. The experts said: “These bulbs are known to return yearly, guaranteeing a spring burst of yellow with the potential of multiplying. “They are also poisonous to moles and mice, giving you two fewer pests to worry about.” Similar to the previous flower mentioned, snowdrops are able to “thrive” with “minimal care”. The gardening pros said: “Snowdrops are perfectly happy to fend for themselves and thrive with minimal care. “They can begin blooming as early as January and are a straightforward flower to bloom your garden into spring.”