During World War 2, Nazi Germany developed the Enigma Machine, which was a cipher device that could encode "unbreakable" messages. While the original code was solved by a Polish mathematician in the early 1930s, Germany began changing the system daily to make it "unbreakable". Mr Turing, regarded as the father of theoretical computer science and artificial intelligence, played a key role in cracking this problem by inventing – along with fellow code-breaker Gordon Welchman – a machine known as the Bombe  This device helped to significantly reduce the work of the codebreakers and allowed them to start intercepting messages daily. Kate Clements, Curator of the award-winning new Second World War Galleries at Imperial War Museum, told Science Digest on what would have been Turing's 110th birthday how this work significantly helped the Allies during the Battle of Britain. Ms Clements said: “[Alan Turing] took a key role in that early work to crack Enigma, and the first ones that they read were the German Air Force - the Luftwaffe communique. “They did that by using the Bombe machine that Alan Turing developed and that Gordon Welchman contributed to, which basically sped up the work of codebreakers which they’d have to do by hand to try to work out these different settings.  “So because it was a machine, it could be operated to do that work for them, it really helped them to be able to work out what the Enigma communications were in 1940.” In January that year, Mr Turing and his team at Bletchley began reading signals from the German Air Force and used that intelligence to stay ahead in the war effort. Ms Clements noted that these deciphered codes were “key" because that was the year that Britain came under such intense attack from the air from Germany. “He was important and he was one of many at Bletchley Park who were able to do this work which really did help Britain's war efforts. WATCH THE FULL INTERVIEW ON THE SCIENCE DIGEST YOUTUBE CHANNEL HERE. “There’s been talk about how it shortened the war, that’s fair to say, and it certainly saved lives. “It avoided larger amounts of casualties which could’ve been if we hadn’t had these crucial bits of intelligence at these certain points of the war and were able to use it.” Nazi Germany drew up a strategy to invade the UK under Operation Sea Lion during the Battle of Britain, as the RAF vigorously intercepted the Luftwaffe crossing the Channel. Following the fall of France, Adolf Hitler wrongly assumed the Government would seek a peace agreement and he reluctantly considered invasion only as a last resort if all other options failed. DON'T MISS: Rolls-Royce nuclear reactors can power whole country [INSIGHT] US warns 'knockout blow' coming for Putin in Ukraine war [REVEAL] Breast cancer spreads at night: New warning over horror disease [REPORT]