Manchester United target Frenkie de Jong has reportedly told his agent that he would be taking a 'backwards step' if he was to move to Old Trafford, but he's not totally against a move thanks partly to his strong relationship with former manager Erik ten Hag. United are in dire need of a midfielder this summer following the departures of Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard and Nemanja Matic, with at least two additions expected in the engine room. De Jong has been touted as one of those and Ten Hag eager to bring his former Ajax star to Manchester. However, according to Sport, the holding midfielder wishes to stay at Barcelona and if he was to move to Manchester, he would see the move as taking a 'backwards step' due to United's struggles on the pitch last season. The report claims that De Jong wishes to stay at the Nou Camp for at least one more season in order to have the opportunity to settle into Xavi's project - although the expectation is that he is set to join United over the summer transfer window. De Jong and his entourage have been in talks with Old Trafford chiefs, although the Dutchman has yet to give his blessing to a potential move even if a transfer fee is agreed between the European giants. Despite understanding that Barca are in financial hardship and therefore willing to sell him - alongside every player in the squad - the Dutchman has already publicly talked of his desire to stay in Catalonia. READ MORE: Man Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinations De Jong was reluctant to negotiate with United at all in the opening weeks of talks, although that he would earn more money at United and be a vital player under his former boss Ten Hag means he would not block a move for Barcelona due to their fiscal situation. De Jong and his representatives are aware that talks are now at an advanced stage, and the idea of a move to Manchester is now much more realistic than before although United's on-field problems and failure to qualify for the Champions League means he thinks it would be a step back in his career. De Jong previously detailed his desire to remain at the Spanish giants when asked about United's interest. “What I’m saying, there is absolutely nothing of an agreement or anything official,” De Jong said to ESPN.  DON'T MISSMan Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinationsMan Utd board 'in talks' over surprise first signing to kickstart Erik ten Hag eraWhat Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told Frenkie de Jong to spark dramatic transfer U-turn “At the moment there is no question of it at all – not that I know of in any case. Or they must not have told me, but I don’t think so. “I prefer to stay with Barcelona. Barcelona is just my dream club. Also from a young age, I just said it, too."