NBC’s long-running crime series Law and Order SVU has followed the professional and personal life of Captain Olivia Benson (played by Mariska Hargitay) since 1999, with a special focus on her love life. While viewers have long romantically linked her with her close friend Elliot Stabler (Christopher Meloni), other fans believe their bond is strictly platonic.  Both Olivia and Elliot made their appearance on the series back in 1999 during the pilot episode of the show where they were partners who worked on cases together. As the show progressed, so did fans' calls for showrunners to make the pair an item, however, they remained strictly friends. Despite this, viewers noticed the two exchange longing glances and the occasional flirt. The pair never took things any further as Stabler was married and never looked elsewhere, even with their marital problems. READ MORE: Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser Then in 2011, things then took a sour turn, when Stabler unexpectedly handed his notice in after fatally shooting a teenage girl, who fired at her mother’s killers. As a result, he decided to take early retirement and left the force without saying goodbye to Benson, whose heart was shattered. As the series progressed, Benson encountered a number of romantic relationships which failed to stand the test of time, which had fans longing for Stabler's return. Wishes were fulfilled, when he returned on screen in 2021 with his own spin-off Law and Order: Organized Crime and the two had their long-awaited reunion.  While plenty of fans are hopeful the two will finally be able to take their relationship to the next level, following the death of Stabler’s wife, other fans aren’t convinced. Taking to Reddit, the user idontcare6666 wrote: “Given all the speculation and theories about Benson and Stabler’s relationship being romantic it looks like the series is going to take a swing at it. “I can confidently say that there is nothing that indicates a romantic relationship between these two. “A powerful bond? You betcha. A bond that can be described as love? Absolutely. But that’s where it begins and ends.” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Charity Dingle devastated as Noah killed off-screen [THEORY]Law and Order SVU season 24: New showrunner pays tribute to crew [INSIGHT]Law and Order SVU theory: Real reason Benson fails in romance exposed [THEORY] The viewer continued: “ I think their bond goes beyond the realm of romantic and into an area that not many people have experienced unless they’ve literally been partnered with another person in a dangerous job for a decade. “I’m hoping that they put the breaks on doing it with Benson and Stabler too although it’s already too late I fear.” As fans await the upcoming season, many are hopeful Benson and Stabler could get romantic after actress Mariska Hargitay hinted this was the case. On the Drew Barrymore show, the star confirmed: “We’re trying to figure out what to do. He’s free, and I think he’s got eyes for me.”  However, her character would face some reservations: “But Olivia Benson is hurt, he left me in the lurch for ten years. She’s frightened.” She added: “The energy is there, Olivia’s been in love with him for many a year. And I think we are slowly finding our way back to it.” Despite this, another user agreed the two characters should remain strictly platonic and stated: “I am scared of them starting a romantic relationship and ruining the show for me. “I firmly believe there never were and should never be romantic feelings between the two of them and this is the hill I will die on.” Law and Order: Special Victims Unit is available in the US on NBC. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 