Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has set a date for a second referendum on Scottish independence as she pushes for secession. The SNP chief laid out plans for a vote to take place on 19 October 2023, with the Scottish people to be asked: "Should Scotland be an independent country?" She told Holyrood that she has a "clear mandate" to hold the vote, but admitted legal challenges could threaten the proposal. Ms Sturgeon added: "What I am not willing to do, what I will never do, is allow Scottish democracy to be a prisoner of Boris Johnson or any prime minister." The SNP has enjoyed sizeable support in Scotland, gaining power in 2007 and then securing a majority in Holyrood in 2011. But polling on Scottish independence over the same period has not produced equally convincing results. Concerns among unionists in Scotland include the economic impact of independence, potential chaos at the border and the SNP's ability to run the country. Many in Scotland are also supporters of the British monarchy – and Professor Sir John Curtice said earlier this month that Ms Sturgeon needs the Queen in order to secure independence. The polling guru said many in Scotland support the Queen and therefore would not be willing to ditch her as their head of state. Professor Curtice told BBC Good Morning Scotland: “If Scotland is going to win a referendum on independence they will have to appeal to the broadest possible constituency. “It is clear the support for the monarchy amongst Scots in general is more popular than support for a republic. “But that is not true amongst Yes supporters. “Nicola Sturgeon’s job, given the polls say that probably less than 50 percent are in favour of independence, is to grow that support and she won’t make life any easier by saying a consequence of independence is the monarchy would go. “She needs to go for the broadest constituency as possible and not simply appeal to her base. READ MORE: Scottish independence: What happens now? Route map in full “Those who want independence and want to get rid of the monarchy will vote Yes anyway. “Nicola Sturgeon needs to focus on those who are uncertain, unclear and not entirely happy with the state of the UK who probably still want Scotland to retain the monarchy.” During the Queen's recent Platinum Jubilee celebrations, Ms Sturgeon appeared to be aware of this reality. She praised the Queen, saying she has a lot of respect for her. The Scottish First Minister added: “I like her a lot – I have deep respect for her as many people do. “The context of those conversations are rightly by convention completely private and confidential and I won’t breach that. DON'T MISSQueen Elizabeth pays tribute to Scotland with lilac outfit [INSIGHT]POLL: Should Sturgeon be allowed IndyRef2 so Scotland can move on? [ANALYSIS]Nicola Sturgeon slapped down over Indyref2 'Clear people don't want!' [INSIGHT] “But I think it is fair to say that opportunity to talk with her, to benefit from her knowledge, her wisdom and perhaps above all the completely unique perspective she has on modern world history, is something that I deeply value and will always really treasure.” Ms Sturgeon also said it was SNP policy for an independent Scotland “to remain as part of the Commonwealth with the Queen and her successors as head of state” but added the jubilee was not the time to discuss the issue. On June 14, YouGov published an update on polling for independence in Scotland. The poll found that the outcome of a referendum would be identical to how it was in 2014, with 55 percent saying they would vote No and 45 percent Yes. Since the referendum, support for remaining in the UK has tended to be above support for leaving. In 2020, Yes had its biggest lead in any of YouGov's polls at 53 percent, but this support has dwindled in subsequent polls through 2021 and 2022.