The Ilyushin-76 military airplane reportedly burst into flames before crash-landing in a field in Ryazan, southeast of Moscow. The plane reportedly burst into flames, circled in the air and crash landed. It comes after an Su-25 fighter jet crashed last week.   The Ilyushin-76 was reportedly on its way to Ukraine after refuelling in Ryazan. It is understood to have taken off from Orenburg in Belgorod, north of the border between Russia and Ukraine. Nine people are believed to have been on board when the plane crashed. Several passengers have reportedly died while survivors have been rushed to hospital after being dragged from the wreckage.    It follows Russia's defence ministry announcing two days ago that a £9million Su-25 military aircraft had crashed in Rostov Province in southern Russia, killing a pilot. That crash happened during a routine training flight far from residential areas, according to the defence ministry. The cause of the accident may have been a technical malfunction. An team of investigators from the Russian Air Force has been trying to uncover the circumstances of the fatal crash.  READ MORE ABOUT THE MET CHARGING TWO PEOPLE OVER A PLOT TO HARVEST CHILD'S ORGANS   The Su-25 crash came a week after a £41million Su-34 bomber was shot down by Ukrainian forces in Izyum, a city near the city of Sieverodonetsk which has borne the brunt of much of the fighting in recent weeks. A statement by the Ukrainian Air Force read: "On June 12, at about 10am a Russian Su-34 bomber-carrier was shot down by anti-aircraft missile forces of the Ukrainian Air Force in the region of Izyum in the Kharkiv region. "The Russian aircraft operated in pairs, attacking the positions of the Ukrainian defenders. After entering the defence zone, one of the hostile aircraft changed course, while the other pilots decided to try their share. "The aircraft fell on the occupied territory. Whether the pilots survived the crash is to be clarified."     Ukraine puts Russian aircraft losses at 216 so far in the war, which is now in its fourth month. Moscow says its forces have destroyed 211 airplanes, 132 helicopters and 1,329 unmanned aerial vehicles. Kyiv claims 34,430 Russians have been "liquidated" to date. It has not been possible to independently verify this figure. Some of the heaviest fighting of the entire Russian invasion has taken place in Sievierodonetsk where street battles have raged for a month as Russia slowly and painstakingly takes more ground. The battle for the city is key for Russia to establish control over the last remaining Ukrainian-held part of the Luhansk region. Only the city of Lysychansk would be left in Ukrainian hands if Sievierodonetsk falls.  DON'T MISS: Lammy unveils new Labour Brexit plot to scupper Boris's deal [LATEST] 'Sickening' dog attack as pet mauled in broad daylight [REPORT] Cost of living crisis sends price of Lurpak soaring to £5 [REVEALED]  The Luhansk region is one of two provinces which make up the Donbas region that Russia and its separatist allies in east Ukraine aim to capture as part of their war aims. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy said of Sievierodonetsk recently: "In many respects, the fate of the Donbas is being decided there." However, regional governor Serhiy Gaidai said on Friday Ukrainian troops will "have to be withdrawn" from the battleground city. He said: "Remaining in positions smashed to pieces over many months just for the sake of staying there does not make sense."  He added troops in the city have already received the order to move to new positions, but did not say whether they had already done so or where they were going. Mr Gaidai said Ukrainian troops have repelled a Russian attack on the southern outskirts of Lysychansk, which is the last fully Ukrainian-controlled city in the Luhansk region. However, he wrote on the Telegram messaging app Russia had taken control of the village of Mykolaivka, which is near a key highway to Lysychansk. Three cruise missiles hit the southern port city of Mykolaiv on Thursday while Ukrainian air defences shot down another two missiles near the city of Odesa, according to a statement from Ukraine's armed forces. 