Britain's Got Talent was back on ITV tonight and it saw Ant and Dec host the last of the semi-finalists as they hoped to impress Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams one last time. With the chance to perform at the Royal Variety Performance now within reach, the competition is really heating up. Here is all you need to know about the final 10 acts. The two-and-a-half-hour show on Sunday will see the lucky ten contestants perform one last time. The winner of this year's BGT will win a cash prize of £250,000. They will also win a spot on stage at the Royal Variety Performance. In each of the semi-finals, two acts were chosen to head through to the final. The 10 acts performing on Sunday night are as follows: READ MORE: Simon Cowell defends Britain's Got Talent's Loren Allred in 'fix' row Teenage ventriloquist Jamie and his puppet Chuck left the judges open-mouthed with his semi-final performance. They praised his singing skills as well as his ability to provide some much-needed light relief. Jamie said he has had an amazing experience so far and he was prepared to do his best to win the crown. "The atmosphere in the Apollo was unreal and made even better by getting through on the public vote - Chuck says he's eggstatic!" he told The Star.  Opera singer Maxwell's beautiful performance came as a shock to the audience in his audition. The busker from Sheffield was given a standing ovation after his semi-final performance. Judge David Walliams said he was "completely under [his] spell" during the show. The opera star admitted he was meant to audition for BGT at least three times before. "I think I did it twice and it just happened that I couldn't make that date of the audition because of the Duke of Edinburgh Award or something like that. "And then I remember one time in Sheffield, I think the event got cancelled or something like that," he told Radio Times.  Comedian Ben took part in the 2019 auditions but did not make it through to the semi-finals. It was second time lucky for the 40-year-old as the judges were blown away by his impressions. The star took to Twitter to thank his fans for their votes and messages of support. He said: "What a night, still not sunk in." The 22-year-old and 17-year-old musicians met in person for the first time at their BGT audition. After collaborating online during lockdown, they left the judges speechless with their poignant performances. The judges selected the pair to go through to the final, leaving them both in shock. The pair became surrounded by a group of fans as they took a break from rehearsals ahead of their semi-final performance.  Singer Loren was overwhelmed when she won the public vote, securing her place in the final. Head judge Simon Cowell defended the professional singer, who has received some backlash from viewers. The Greatest Showman star has been at the centre of 'fix' claims, with viewers slamming the judges' decision. She did take to Instagram to thank those fans who have supported her since her audition. She said: "I can't believe the amount of support and love I have received this past month. I am SO grateful for all of you."  Young dancers Toby-Jay, Ollie, Joey, Beau and Adam all met at a dance convention in Birmingham. They inspired the judges and the audience with their emotional semi-final performance. Simon and the rest of the judges decided to send them through to the final following their anti-bullying performance. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden sparks viewer complaints as BGT star spills out of dressDavid Williams orders Simon Cowell to ‘go home’ after BGT act jibe BGT 'fix' row as fans claim dog act was 'robbed' of place in final Singing teacher Tom Ball received the most votes from the public following his impressive performance. The West Sussex star said his dream was to appear in Les Miserables. He received a standing ovation from the audience and Simon said he "felt great" after watching Tom. David Walliams added: “I thought you might just take off and zoom into outer space such is the power of your voice. "But what is so lovely is you are quite in some ways an unassuming guy."  Teenage comedienne Eva left the judges in stitches and said her experience on the show had been amazing. The young star has cerebral palsy which she often touches on during her performances. She cracked jokes about herself as well as the judges and was given a standing ovation. The crowd went wild for comedian Axel, who said it was "amazing" that he had won the public vote. He left the judges in stitches with his flawless routine, but he has sparked backlash in the past for already having his own comedy platform. The star said he was "raring to go" in the final. Seven-year-old Aneeshwar secured a place in the final following his emotional poem about saving the planet. The youngster ran up to hug Ant and Dec after he found out he had won the majority vote. He said: "I feel amazing, [in the final] I'm going to do another poem, it's smaller but upgraded." The judges will also be selecting a wild card act out of those who have been sent home this week. The wildcard will be revealed during Sunday's final. Britain's Got Talent returns for the grand final on Sunday at 7.30pm on ITV