The unhinged superhero drama is finally back on screens for its third season, as a three-part season premiere hit Amazon Prime Video on Friday. This time, The Boys has reunited showrunner Eric Kripke with Supernatural star Jensen Ackles after working together for 15 years on The CW’s hit fantasy series. Eric revealed his long-time collaborator Jensen wasn’t originally considered for the role of Soldier Boy. One of the original superheroes in the world of The Boys, Soldier Boy was given incredible abilities and longevity after experiments with the dangerous Compound V. Fans of the comic book drama will have to tune in each week to discover if the Supe will prove friend or foe when he meets up with Billy Butcher (played by Karl Urban) and Hughie Campbell (Jack Quaid). In the meantime, the showrunner has told Express.co.uk about the unexpected way he came to work with the Supernatural leading man for a second round. READ MORE: Michael Le Vell age: How old is Coronation Street's Kevin Webster? “Surprisingly, it was unexpected,” he revealed. “Originally we were setting out for an older actor. “It was John Wayne that was the reference. But we weren’t really finding anybody.” As fans come to learn more about Soldier Boy, he’ll come to represent the themes of toxic masculinity Eric wanted to explore in The Boys’ third season. The showrunner and the casting team were actually hoping to cast an older actor to invoke old Hollywood Western films until Eric had a chance conversation with his Supernatural colleague. He recalled: “I just happened to be chatting with Jensen that day, and I was telling him, ‘We’re having a hard time casting this role.’ “And I was like, ‘Wait a minute. Do you want to do it?’ And he’s like, ‘Yeah! Send me the script.’” Jensen’s casting was by no means a done deal, however, as he still had to go through the show’s rigorous audition process to prove he was the right man for the job. “So I sent him the script, and then he had to really fight for it, and audition for all the other executives,” Eric continued. DON'T MISS:NCIS season 20 theory: Torres commits murder in ‘dark’ clue [THEORY]Stranger Things' Jonathan Byers star hits back at lack of screen time [INTERVIEW]Barack Obama pays tribute to Queen for Platinum Jubilee [TRIBUTE] “There are a bunch of people who are in the show who haven’t worked with him for over a decade. “So he had to really fight for it and get it. But, in hindsight, it was obvious, because there’s so many different colours that Soldier Boy needs to have.” Once Jensen had put on the costume for the first time, Soldier Boy came to life and Eric quickly realised they had made the right decision. “He needs to be charming, he needs to be emotional, he needs to be really scary,” the showrunner explained. “And, after working with Jensen for as long as I have, there was never anything that I threw at him that he couldn’t do." “It’s his versatility that I really wanted and needed here. So, yeah, it was always meant to be.” Jensen himself corroborated the story, as he told Express.co.uk: “Funnily enough, it was a call from me! “I called him about something unrelated, and at the end of the call, I said, ‘Hey, Krip, when are you going to have me over on The Boys?’ “‘You know, I’m unemployed pretty soon.’ And that then got the ball rolling, and here I am.” Fans can expect plenty more from Soldier Boy to come after the new Supe made his stunning debut in Friday’s three-part premiere. The Boys season 3 is available to stream on Amazon Prime Video now.