Barcelona have promised Robert Lewandowski they won’t give up on his signing and will get their finances in order, according to reports. They’ve already had two bids for the Poland international turned down by Bayern Munich. But the La Liga giants remain determined to bring the deadly marksman to the Nou Camp as they plan for a brighter and better future with Xavi at the helm. Barcelona are looking to balance their books by June 30, with the Catalan giants hoping to register the likes of Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie. And they’re also eager to land Lewandowski, who is determined to leave Bayern behind. Now, Sport claim the Bundesliga titans have rejected two offers for their No 9 - with the second bid of £25million swiftly rebuffed. Instead, Bayern would prefer to let Lewandowski go for around £35m instead. The player has just a year left on his contract at the Allianz Arena and he already has an agreement with Barcelona when it comes to a two-year contract. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz He’s currently on holiday in Mallorca and apparently has no intention of returning to Bayern for the start of pre-season. Barcelona, for their part, have promised the Poland international they won’t give up on securing his signature. And they’ve also vowed to get their finances in check, though time is of the essence when it comes to that factor. The report adds that, if Barcelona don’t meet Bayern’s demands, then Lewandowski may again go public with his desire to leave. At the end of May, he riled the Bundesliga titans by saying his ‘story’ with the German giants was over. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "One thing is certain today, my story with Bayern is over," he said. "After everything that has happened in recent months, I cannot imagine further good co-operation. "I realise a transfer will be the best solution for both sides." And Lewandowski isn’t opposed to speaking out again, with his move to Barcelona hanging in the balance. Barcelona were grateful for the 33-year-old for doing that because it boosted their chances of getting him in. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here But this saga has still legs to go, despite Bayern being on the verge of a deal for Liverpool forward Sadio Mane. Meanwhile, Lewandowski has also been linked with a move to Manchester United as they look to land a new forward to ease the goalscoring burden on Cristiano Ronaldo. But Chris Sutton actually thinks Arsenal would be a better fit for the veteran. He said: "I have seen that Lewandowski has been linked. “If he doesn’t go to Barcelona, then he will go to Manchester United. “But why?! Why would he want to go to Manchester United? There are bigger and better options out there. "Manchester City, Liverpool, Chelsea and Spurs, at this moment in time and Arsenal are a better option, at this moment in time than Manchester United. “One club seems to be stable under Arteta, I am not saying Arteta has torn up too many trees, but they are in a better position and they are better placed than Manchester United." His former agent Cezary Kucharski, however, can’t see Lewandowski strutting his stuff in the Premier League. "I always heard Robert give a childish explanation that it rains so much in England," he told Sport1. "But I think the real reason was that he didn't think he could be as efficient as in Germany.”