Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus has been offered to Tottenham in a major blow to Arsenal’s striker pursuit, according to reports. Both north London rivals have been linked with a transfer for Jesus this summer, with the forward expected to leave the Premier League champions. Arsenal’s lack of goals in their failed Champions League chase leaves them desperate to sign a new striker ahead of the 2022-23 season. The Gunners have lost forward Alexandre Lacazette after the Frenchman decided not to renew his contract beyond this summer. Mikel Arteta has managed to convince Eddie Nketiah to reject interest from elsewhere and pen a fresh deal but has still made signing a striker a top priority. City’s Jesus has been earmarked as a target. The Brazilian started just 21 matches during City’s Premier League title-winning campaign and looks set for even less action following the arrival of Erling Haaland. Spurs and Arsenal are poised to take advantage of his situation. JUST IN: Tottenham 'in Pau Torres swap deal transfer talks' with Villarreal According to The Times, Jesus has been offered to Spurs and is believed to want to stay in the Premier League. Antonio Conte is hoping to sign a new forward to give him options in the club’s first Champions League campaign since 2020. But Arsenal are apparently still confident of striking a deal. That is despite them losing their battle with Spurs for fourth place and therefore competing in the Europa League next term. A Champions League place would have handed Arteta more leverage in pursuit of his top targets. Jesus could decide he wants to continue playing in the elite European competition and join Spurs. DON'T MISS...Yves Bissouma 'destined for Arsenal' transfer after dropping hintArsenal handed Gianluca Scamacca transfer blow as PSG join raceTransfer news LIVE: Liverpool plan 'verbal bid' for Man Utd target Arsenal have been linked with several strikers after initially targeting Dusan Vlahovic in January. The Serbian eventually opted to join Juventus from Fiorentina, much to the frustration of the Emirates Stadium outfit. Express Sport recently revealed that Arsenal are monitoring another six striker options. Real Sociedad's Alexander Isak, Jonathan David of Lille and Everton's Dominic Calvert-Lewin are of interest, as are Benfica's Darwin Nunez, Victor Osimhen of Napoli and Chelsea’s Armando Broja. That would leave Arteta with plenty of options should he miss out on Jesus to Spurs. Arsenal scored eight goals fewer than their North London rivals and 15 goals fewer than third-placed Chelsea. Lacazette, the first-choice striker after Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s December banishing, scored just four times in the top flight. Jesus netted 13 times in 41 appearances across all competitions, although four of his eight Premier League strikes came in a 5-1 thrashing of Watford.