It was recently reported that Manchester United had turned down four signings under John Murtough. And while fans are growing annoyed by the club’s lack of action, it speaks volumes. The Red Devils have simply made too many mistakes in recent years - and that’s something they’re eager to address as they look to bring the glory days back to Old Trafford. Manchester United have splurged over £1billion since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement - and have had no Premier League or Champions League trophy to show for their efforts. However, the Red Devils now believe they’re better equipped than others when it comes to bringing in the right players. Gone are the days of Ed Woodward, with the United chief leaving earlier in 2022 after nine disappointing years as Old Trafford supremo. These days, United’s structure is a lot more streamlined. With more bodies involved, too. Joel Glazer sits at the top of the tree, with the United co-owner signing off deals as he manages the club from America. Richard Arnold, who was named as Woodward’s replacement, operates under Glazer. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer But it’s Murtough and Darren Fletcher who are now playing a key role in recruitment, with the pair both securing roles at the club last year. Apparently, United have turned down four signings under Murtough. This was reported by the Telegraph at the start of month. No names were specified but it appears that the Red Devils are no longer willing to accept bodies for the sake of it. Instead, they’re looking at targets significantly more closely than before. Since Ferguson left, there have been more hits than misses. That’s an ugly truth, something even Woodward himself recognises. When David Moyes ruled the roost, Marouane Fellaini and Juan Mata both arrived. While Fellaini wasn’t everybody’s ideal player for United, he goes in the hit category. As does Mata, who recently left Old Trafford on a free transfer. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links Under Louis van Gaal, Anthony Martial was an initial hit. Luke Shaw has been good value for money, if a little too inconsistent, while Ander Herrera was popular during his spell at the club. But United got too many signings wrong under the Dutchman, ranging from Memphis Depay to Bastian Schweinsteiger, Radamel Falcao to Angel Di Maria. With Jose Mourinho, Zlatan Ibrahimovic was a standout recruit with Nemanja Matic also doing well. But Paul Pogba never realised his potential, while Eric Bailly, Alexis Sanchez, Romelu Lukaku and Henrikh Mkhitaryan all failed to live up to expectations. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer had hits in Cristiano Ronaldo, Edinson Cavani (in his first season) and Bruno Fernandes. Jadon Sancho could yet join that club, with the England international yet to meet expectations following his summer arrival from Borussia Dortmund. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team But Odion Ighalo, Donny van de Beek, Harry Maguire and Aaron Wan-Bissaka never really made the grade under the Norwegian. With Erik ten Hag now in charge, United appear to be learning from the mistakes of the past. And whether that means an upturn in fortunes, especially after last season’s horror show, remains to be seen. Former United striker Teddy Sheringham, meanwhile, thinks his old side need five or six new faces to bounce back. He said recently: “United need reinforcements across the pitch. In particular centre midfield, centre forward and on the wings. “We're looking at five or six top players needing to come in. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “You need players to come in with the right character who appreciate the size of the task and are ready to get United back to where they should be. “It's a massive challenge. From a player's point of view, if you were to pick between City or United, then you’re going to pick City every time at the moment. “As a player, you want to play with the best players. Top players would love to slot in alongside de Bruyne or any of the world class players City have, the list is endless. “They are the champions and they will be challenging for everything next season. When you look at Manchester United, you don’t see that. “There isn’t anyone there performing at the moment. It's such a despairing thought.”