Darwin Nunez can expect star treatment at Anfield as he completes his £85million move from Benfica to Liverpool to become the club’s new record signing. But the issue of selecting his shirt number is still yet to be decided ahead of his arrival, with 10 possible choices for the striker to analyse. The 22-year-old has worn the No.9 shirt ever since joining the Portuguese outfit in 2020 and has clearly excelled in that role after bagging 34 goals last season in all competitions. Nunez has already opened his Anfield account too, having scored in the 3-3 draw between the teams in the Champions League quarter-final second leg. And while the Uruguayan star will have the luxury of choosing his special digits to go on the back of his red shirt for the upcoming season, he could be forced to settle for another number. The No.9 shirt has been occupied by long-serving attacker Roberto Firmino and the Brazilian isn’t leaving anytime soon. READ MORE: Liverpool told to make three signings Darwin Nunez But as Liverpool’s new star attraction, Nunez has been advised to pursue the No.10 shirt, currently worn by Sadio Mane, if the Senegalese attacker joins Bayern Munich this summer. “For me if I was him I will take the number 10 if Mane leaves that it looks like it,” ex-Reds star Luis Enrique wrote on Twitter. Mane is keen to depart Merseyside after spending eight years in the Premier League, with Bayern Munich seeing two bids of £25m and £30m rejected by the Reds. It is understood the Bundesliga champions will return with another offer, and the 30-year-old’s sale could help fund the deal for Nunez. The Reds will be forking out a £64m initial fee for the highly-rated striker, who has agreed terms on a six-year deal, after the Portuguese side confirmed on Monday that a deal has been struck between the two clubs. DON'T MISS Nunez warned he may only play 'half' of Liverpool gamesLiverpool star Van Dijk played integral role in Nunez transferLiverpool set for £17m boost with forgotten star set to be sold  Likewise, Nunez wears No.11 for Uruguay and is likely to do so again at the World Cup in Qatar later this year. But as Liverpool fans will know, that iconic number belongs to Kop legend Mohamed Salah, who still has another year left to run on his contract — leaving Nunez with only a handful of realistic options to choose from. Amongst the current numbers left vacant, the No.2 jersey, along with 16 and 19, are currently available for Nunez to choose from. If he preferred to match the shirt to his age, he could easily take the No.22 shirt. After that, numbers 24, 25, 28, 29, 30 and 31 are all free to take. Alternatively, the South American star could decide to go back to his roots. After starting his career with Penarol in his native Uruguay, Nunez wore 24 and 29 in the early stages of his development as a youngster, so for sentimental reasons he may be tempted to stick to something more familiar. But as he prepares for his Merseyside arrival, only Nunez knows which number he will be holding up on the back of his shirt when he is officially unveiled.