Sixty-year-old Gary said whereas he used to spend £10 every fortnight on electricity that has now increased to £30 or £40. It means he’s had to go without food in order to pay his energy bills. Some Britons are having to make the impossible choice of heating or eating because of the cost of living crisis, as one man who lives in Bristol revealed yesterday. The 60-year-old told Express.co.uk: “My electric’s terrible. “I don’t have gas in my flat I just have electric, but before all this kicked in I could put a tenner on and that would last me for two weeks. “But now it’s like £30 or £40 - it’s outrageous.” READ MORE: ‘Best on the market’ Raisin launches savings account offering 2.7% To pay his soaring energy bills, Gary has been forced to skip meals. He added: “Sometimes I won’t eat. “I can’t buy myself decent clothes and stuff like that.” Gary is not the only person struggling to make ends meet as the cost of living crisis continues to wreak havoc on Briton’s finances. DON'T MISS:Huge support for state pension increase — ‘Lagging behind!’ [UPDATE]Pensioners entitled to extra £370 a month - who is eligible? [INSIGHT]Fake bank accounts and pension schemes warning as scams soar [WARNING]Thousands of Britons are paying too much for a TV licence - are you? [ALERT] More than a third (38 percent) of disabled people and those caring for them have been skipping meals, disability charity Sense has warned. Campaigners are calling for the Government to take urgent action with many people believing the cost of living payments don't go far enough to help the most vulnerable. The calls come at the same time as thousands of Britons could see their Universal Credit payments significantly reduced because of the benefits cap. The benefits cap has remained the same since 2013, despite soaring energy bills and rising inflation. READ MORE: Britons slam inheritance tax 'Promised it would be abolished!' Meanwhile, millions of Britons on Income-based Jobseekers Allowance, Income-related Employment and Support Allowance, Income Support, and Pension Credit will receive the first instalment of their £650 Cost of Living next month. Those eligible via Working Tax Credit and Child Tax Credit will get the first instalment from autumn 2022. The money should be paid into people’s bank accounts from July 14 and will help low income households pay for soaring energy bills. The first instalment of £326 will be followed by a second payment in the autumn. People who are disabled will receive an extra £150, while pensioners will get an additional £300. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Campaigners say it’s never been more important for people to check whether they are receiving all the benefits they are entitled to. Some 500,000 people are estimated to be missing out on Carer’s Allowance which could top up their income if they are caring for someone for at least 35 hours a week. Pension Credit is also massively underclaimed - 850,000 Britons are missing out on this support which could lead to additional help in the form of a free TV licence. There’s a handy benefits calculator at Gov.uk. 