Roman Kemp, 29, confessed that he and Usain Bolt, 35, had an “argument” when they were taking part in the 2019 edition of Soccer Aid. Roman was playing alongside Usain for the Rest Of The World team due to his birth in Los Angeles. However, sparks started to fly when they were training for the big game. The presenter revealed all during Friday’s The One Show.Hosting alongside Alex Jones, Roman chatted to David Harewood, who is on this year’s England team. READ MORE:Carol Vorderman, 61, stuns in very tight-fitting green jumpsuit “The fastest man in the world. How’s that?”David coyly replied: “Fine, absolutely fine.”Before Alex Jones quickly chimed in: “Well hang on now right, I mean [Usain] is fast, but Roman was saying earlier on, what did you say earlier?  “Nobody is watching, what did you say about his football?” As all eyes were on the Capital FM presenter, he explained: “So, I was fortunate enough to do Soccer Aid a couple of times and I actually ended up getting in an argument with Usain Bolt on the pitch.“Just a training back and forth, because the thing is with Usain, he likes to say that he is good with a ball at his feet.“So obviously, I’m the defender and I’m thinking, there is the back line, I’m going to send the ball over the back, and Usain Bolt, you run.“So, I’m sending over the top the whole time and Usain is shouting at me, ‘No, put it to my feet, put it to my feet!’ DON'T MISSCarol Vorderman fans react as she asks to 'mud wrestle' Susanna Reid[LATEST]Gardeners' World's Monty Don deals with 'emergency' at Longmeadow[INSIGHT]Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen splits from husband Clive[NEWS] “We ended up having it out in the end.  “I was like, ‘Usain, you are the fastest man on the planet, just run!’“Then he ended up playing that game and scoring from the top!”  Usain will return as captain of World XI for Soccer Aid 2022. His team will consist of Dragons’ Den star Steven Bartlett, Line of Duty’s Martin Compston and comedian Lee Mack.They will play against the England team, which is captained by One Direction star Liam Payne.The singer will be joined by former Manchester United footballer Gary Neville, TOWIE’s Mark Wright and actor Damian Lewis. This year’s game will be played at the London Stadium at Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park in Stratford. Viewers can also expect a half-time performance from Robbie Williams, who helped create the event back in 2006. You can watch Soccer Aid 2022 on ITV from 6.30pm.