Bradley Walsh, 61, and his wife of 25 years, Donna, took a trip to the beach during their romantic holiday in Barbados. The Chase host was in full holiday mode as he ditched his shirt and donned a pair of floral blue swimming shorts for a dip in the sea. He walked hand in hand with Donna who looked sensational in a hot pink bikini.  The mum-of-one showcased her incredible figure and swept her hair away from her face in a high bunThe couple left their shoes behind as they walked across the sandy beach and headed into the water.Bradley and Donna have been married since 1997 and share one son, Barney, 24. READ MORE:Gwyneth Paltrow reunites with ex Chris Martin at daughter's graduation Barney is Donna’s only son whereas Bradley also has a 40-year-old daughter, Hayley, with his former partner Debby Parker. Donna is famous in her own right as a choreographer and former dancer.She first came into public prominence after dancing in the music video for Robert Palmer’s Simply Irresistible in 1988.Donna previously featured on Holly Willoughby’s Instagram where they recreated some of the infamous routine.  Holly captioned the post: "Me and the original Robert Palmer Girl babe Donna."Who happens to be Bradley Walsh's wife!!!"Donna also featured on BBC One’s The Kenny Everett Television Show between 1987 and 1988.Later in her career, she choreographed routines for Miss World, which is presented by her son Barney. DON'T MISSDonny Osmond warned ‘don’t come back’ after breaking on-stage rule[INSIGHT]Tom Hanks, 65, sparks concern amongst fans with 'very thin' frame[PICTURES]Carol Kirkwood's blunt reply to BBC shake-up claims[LATEST] Bradley previously gushed about how much he loves his wife and said he “wouldn’t swap her for the world”. He told the Mirror in 2006: “Donna isn't just beautiful, she's the most fantastic wife and mother." Bradley also credits Donna with encouraging him to take on the role of Danny Baldwin in Coronation Street. He explained: “It's because of her I signed with Coronation Street. “She's the one who recognised what it could do for me even though it would mean being apart."