CBS’ hit generational procedural drama Blue Bloods recently aired its season 12 finale and having premiered in 2010, viewers have spotted a number of blunders. This time, a fan exposed the sighting of crew equipment during a key scene with the beloved Reagan siblings.  Blue Bloods followed the Reagan family, who all worked in different sectors of law enforcement. Led by the patriarch and New York police commissioner Frank Reagan (played by Tom Selleck), the family often worked together to resolve cases as well as debate them. In the season seven episode titled ‘The One That Got Away,’ siblings Erin Reagan-Boyle (Bridget Moynahan) and Danny Reagan (Donnie Wahlberg) worked together. As Danny was a detective and Erin the Bureau Chief of the Trial Bureau in the District Attorney's Office, the two joined forces to resolve a complicated child abuse case. READ MORE: Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in for Gloria Hunniford After a teacher noticed her young student, Malik Nejair was wincing in pain, her phone call to the emergency services was the beginning of a complicated case. While the child was being treated in the hospital, police became involved after it was revealed Malik was being abused at home. However, Danny discovered there was nothing he could do as the child's father had diplomatic immunity, which meant he could never be tried for a crime in the US. Even after Frank tried to step in to help Malik, he was visited by an official and warned to steer clear.  Erin was then assigned to be the mediator between Malik’s family and the police. In an effort to protect the young child, Danny contacted child protective services who informed him Malik would be taken into foster care. However, it was during this scene when the eagle-eyed viewer spotted the glaring blunder. Taking to a movie mistakes forum, they wrote: “When it cuts to Erin as she tells Danny that Child Services will likely release the boy to his parents, as Danny says, ‘Hold on,’ the green T-mark is visible on the floor.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Tracy Barlow kills again in Ken Barlow twist [THEORY]Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck speaks out on significance of 250 episode [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods star Tom Selleck hits back at Magnum PI fashion critics [INSIGHT] Missed props and crew equipment is a common error most film and TV shows seem to miss during post-production. The green T-mark on the floor was likely used as a guide for the cameras and not intended to be seen by its audience as it could ruin the viewing experience. While it could be hard to believe the glaring blunder wasn’t spotted, there could be a number of factors contributing to the error. Film-making is known to be a high-pressure world and directors are usually working to deadlines, with usually a tight budget. 