Scottish actor Sam Heughan has now portrayed the rugged Highland warrior and devoted husband of time-traveller Claire Fraser (played by Caitriona Balfe) for almost a decade. There’s at least one more outing for Jamie Fraser and the rest of the Outlander clan on the way, but, sadly, the star revealed he probably won’t be part of Starz’s next project based on Diana Gabaldon’s bestselling novels. Sam confirmed Jamie won’t be appearing in the upcoming Outlander prequel currently in the works at Starz. The spin-off was announced back in February this year, with executive producer and writer Matthew B. Roberts returning. In May, fellow producer Maril Davies confirmed the series would centre around Jamie’s parents, whom fans have yet to meet in the mainline show. Outlander’s leading man has now reiterated the show’s premise, and clarified his version of Jamie probably won’t be making an appearance. READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen He confirmed: “All I can tell you is I’m not in it, as Jamie’s not in it!” The events of the Starz adaptation begin when Claire is thrown backwards in time, whereupon she meets Jamie in Scotland in 1743. Jamie’s parents, Ellen and Brian Fraser had already died at this point in both the television series and Diana’s books. Therefore, the new Outlander offshoot will take viewers even further back in time to explore the earlier history of the Frasers before Claire came into the picture. Although Sam’s adult Jamie won’t be part of the main cast, he reassured fans his character could still be part of the series in some form. “I believe that it’s a prequel focusing on Jamie’s parents when they were younger, so I guess you might see a young version of him at some point,” he explained to Esquire. “But I think I may be a little too old to play young Jamie now! “I could play his dad maybe, or a flash-forward? It is time travel, after all.” DON'T MISS:SEAL Team season 6 theory: Major death sealed by casting news [THEORY]Kevin Costner admits wife has reservations over Western role [INTERVIEW]Game of Thrones’ Emilia Clarke spills first Jon Snow details [INSIGHT] His comment confirming he won’t be in the series seems to rule out Sam coming back to portray his own father, though an official cast has yet to be announced at this point. Even so, the Outlander star appeared to be more than willing to pop up here and there for flash-forwards to Jamie and Claire’s life on Fraser’s Ridge. For fans who want to know more about Ellen and Brian, Diana has already published excerpts from a forthcoming prequel novel of her own. In the meantime, Sam is keeping his lips sealed on what the future holds for one of TV’s most enduring couples in Outlander’s seventh season and beyond. “Diana Gabaldon actually revealed to me how the whole thing’s going to end,” he teased. “She emailed me the last few pages of what will be the last book very early on, I think in the first few weeks of shooting. “No one else has seen that I think, apart from one other exec producer. Even Caitríona’s not seen it and I’m sworn to secrecy.” Sam and the cast are currently shooting Outlander’s highly anticipated next outing, so hopefully, it won’t be long before fans get to find out how the Frasers survive their latest ordeal. Outlander seasons 1-6 are available on Starz in the US and StarzPlay in the UK.