Manchester United are reportedly 'obsessed' with the idea of signing Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong in what would be the start of a radical summer rebuild at Old Trafford. United are said to view signing De Jong as a deal that would 'send a message' to competitors in the transfer market. With four senior midfielders leaving the club on free transfers this summer, the engine room is evidently the area that needs sorting the most at Old Trafford. Only Scott McTominay, Fred, Bruno Fernandes and Donny van de Beek remain as the club's senior midfield options, and reinforcements will be sought after as such. That includes De Jong, who is United's main target this transfer window. And according to Fabrizio Romano the club are obsessed with the idea of signing the Dutchman in the summer window; not only to plug the gap in midfield, but to send a message to their rivals that they mean business. "I'm sure that Man Utd will try and try because they're convinced signing Frenkie de Jong will mean something more than signing a fantastic midfielder, something more than signing an important player on the pitch," Romano told Wettfreunde. "It'll be a message to the market. This is why Man Utd are obsessed with this transfer. "Because signing Frenkie de Jong when you don't have Champions League football, when you have a new project with a new manager like Erik ten Hag, it'll send a message to many other players and many other clubs that says 'okay, we're still at the top level and we can do that even if other top clubs are signing other top players like (Erling) Haaland, Darwin Nunez.' "So, this is why Man Utd are really trying for this deal." It is one thing talking about signing De Jong, but as of yet there is nothing concrete just yet in terms of clinching an agreement. And Romano believes that Barcelona won't budge until United meet their £74million valuation. He added: "At the moment there is still no agreement. So it is not an easy deal for sure. It is not easy because FC Barcelona in the last meeting were pretty clear with Man Utd. They told them they're not going to accept €60m with add-ons, €70m million with add-ons. "They want €86m [£74m). This is exactly what they invested for Frenkie de Jong a few years ago. They want the same money and also another point for them to understand is with La Liga rules, how much they can reinvest that money." Erik ten Hag has yet to make any other signings thus far, although a deal to bring Watford goalkeeper Daniel Bachmann to the club could soon be agreed. The Austrian clocked up 12 appearances in the Premier League last season, although his side were relegated.