The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge joined other members of the Royal Family as the Trooping of the Colour kickstarted celebrations to mark the Queen's 70th year on the British throne. During the opening day of festivities, Prince William took on two special roles. The Queen's second-oldest grandson, who was dressed in his military uniform and bearskin hat, led the Trooping of the Colour procession as the colonel of the 1st Battalion of the Irish Guards. The Duke of Cambridge was also standing at Buckingham Palace when the 96-year-old monarch triggered the lighting of the principal beacon from some 25miles away at Windsor Castle. Kate Middleton also appeared to mirror the late Princess Diana. The Duchess of Cambridge sported a white coat similar to the one worn by Princess Diana during a parade for military personnel who had served in the Gulf War. JUST IN: Queen health: Frail monarch steps out on Jubilee balcony with stick after mobility fears In a tweet about the opening day of the Platinum Jubilee, the Cambridges said: "It’s been lovely to see so many of you out today and see how you’re already enjoying this weekend, celebrating Her Majesty The Queen." Fans of the couple responded to the post. An enthusiastic @EthicalFeminist said: "I travelled all the way from Italy for this beautiful occasion. It was amazing to witness the great love for her Majesty Queen." A second user, operating under the handle @IssuesOfMyTime, wrote: "We saw some amazing photos today and the crowds were huge! So much love for the Queen!" READ MORE: Shock as Queen pulls out of St Paul's Cathedral Service after 'experiencing discomfort' The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge also shared some of their Platinum Jubilee snaps to Instagram and Twitter. Royal fan @DuchessDearly said: "It was incredible! There was excitement in the air! Prince William was so dapper, The Duchess of Cambridge was so beautiful and the Cambridge children adorable and charming in their first carriage ride!" Meanwhile @NicoletteKrist9 added: "The Duchess of Cambridge looked elegant and stunning. Style and sophistication made simple.. Just breathtaking." Other users praised William's colleagues in the Irish Guards. DON'T MISSQueen 'won't allow' Meghan and Harry to publish photos - claim [REPORT]Should the Jubilee always be a bank holiday in the UK? [POLL]How the Express reported the Queen's accession 70 years ago [INSIGHT] @Cherylsmilesx wrote: "It was a magnificent start to the Platinum Jubilee. "The Irish Guards were wonderful." The Irish Guards, affectionately known as the 'Micks', were also led by the regiment's mascot. Seamus, a two-year-old Irish wolfhound, lapped up the applause as he joined the procession with his handler Drummer Adam Walsh. Prince Charles, who has served as the regimental colonel of the Welsh Guards since 1975, and Princess Anne, who has served as the regimental colonel of the Blues and Royals since 1998, also rode alongside the Duke.