Jane Moore has urged Prince Harry and Prince William to quit "petty squabbles" after the royals were sat apart at the thanksgiving service at St Paul's Cathedral for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The Loose Women host also credited Meghan Markle following her low-key appearance at the celebrations. Writing in her latest column, the 60-year-old noted how the royal brothers were not pictured together while marking their grandmother's 70-year reign. The ITV favourite questioned if the pair had realised "life's too short" to hold any animosity. Despite both siblings being at the same event, the two were seated far apart and were not seen interacting or even standing next to one another. It comes after Harry and his wife Meghan made their first public appearance at a royal event since stepping down as senior royals in 2020. READ MORE: Jennifer Lopez, 52, goes braless in eye-popping display Jane noted that the Duke of Sussex's face was "riven with nervous apprehension" as he walked to his seat in St Paul's Cathedral. She wrote: "Probably because he knew all eyes would be on him and William as they sat rows apart. "They studiously avoided any public interaction with each other but, notably, while the rest of the congregation stared ahead, they both looked upwards at the same time. "Were they thinking of their mother Diana?"  She added to The Sun: "Either way, let’s hope it gave them both food for thought that life’s too short for petty squabbles." Meanwhile, the Loose Women panel member applauded Meghan and Harry's appearance at the Jubilee celebrations. The columnist suggested the royal couple handled the bank holiday weekend "very well". She commented: "They turned up to show their respect, kept a low profile, then quietly returned to the US without fanfare." DON'T MISS... Carol Vorderman, 61, stuns in very tight-fitting green jumpsuit[LATEST]Kylie Minogue insists legal battle with Kylie Jenner ‘had to be done[UPDATE]Amanda Holden, 51, flashes endless legs in thigh-high split dress[PICTURES] The Duke and Duchess of Sussexes return to the UK saw their daughter Lilibet - named after a nickname of the Queen's - meet her great-grandmother for the first time on Thursday while they were visiting the UK for the Platinum Jubilee. Harry and Meghan had reportedly asked for a private photographer to be present at the meeting. However, the Queen reportedly told them "no chance" when asked her opinion on the matter - due to fears the images would be leaked to US television networks. Lilibet, celebrated her first birthday on Saturday, before the Sussexes returned to California on Sunday without a snap of the moment. An insider told The Sun: “Harry and Meghan wanted their photographer to capture the moment Lilibet met the Queen. “But they were told no chance. It was a private family meeting.” The Sussexes were noticeably absent from the limelight during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations and were spotted sitting in the opposite row beside Prince Charles and Prince William during Friday's Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's cathedral. The pair made no public appearances alongside the Queen, Charles, Camilla, William or Kate.