When Michael Hogan, 27, accused his partner of sleeping with a woman and another man, the thug repeatedly punched her in the face, Stoke-on-Trent Live reports. A court heard Hogan bit her shoulder, smashed a mirror and used a shard of glass to cut her neck and chest, stamped on her hand, and damaged a window during the horrific attack at her home in Newcastle-under-Lyme, Staffordshire. The baby tragically died but it was confirmed not as a result of the defendant's nasty assault. Hogan's 20-month jail term was suspended for two years at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court last week. The court heard Hogan remains in a relationship with the woman and they're expecting twins in September. Judge Graeme Smith said: "She was pregnant at the time and some of the attack seemed to be directed at the unborn child. However, it did not cause or contribute to the subsequent death of that child. You used a mirror, feet and teeth during a nasty and prolonged assault. "You are lucky to still have the love and support of your partner. I hope you will repay it in the right way." Police were called to the victim's address on June 18 last year as she said she had been assaulted by the defendant. Jonathan Dickinson, prosecuting, said the police were called to the victim's address on June 18 last year as she said she had been assaulted by the defendant. Mr Dickinson said: "They had been together since November 2020 and she had discovered she was pregnant with his child in late May. On June 18 they had gone out and had a pleasant afternoon. When they returned her step-father was outside and the defendant made a rude comment to him. His partner confronted him about it and told him because of his attitude he could not come inside. "But he forced entry, pushed her in the chest, got on top of her in the bedroom and repeatedly punched her to the face. He was screaming that she had slept with a female friend and the expected child was another man's. He began punching himself in the face and threatened to tell people she had been punching him. "She ran downstairs. He followed her. He began throwing things around. He hit her over the head with a mirror causing damage to the mirror. He stamped on her hand because she was holding a phone and threatening to call the police. He said he no longer wanted the baby and kicked her in the stomach and ribs numerous times before biting her on her left shoulder, causing a bite mark and scratches.  "He took a shard of glass from the mirror. He used it to cut her on the neck and chest. He damaged several items in the house including a double pane window after using his feet to repeatedly kick it." Hogan, from Newcastle-under-Lyme, left the victim with a cut finger, scratch marks on her neck and chest, pain to both cheekbones, scratches to her face, black eye and sore ribs. But, although she had hostile feelings towards him initially, the woman has reconciled with Hogan and is pregnant again. Hogan pleaded guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm and two charges of criminal damage. Barry White, defending, said it was a very sad case. He said: "He is very embarrassed and very ashamed. They remain in a relationship. She is expecting twins in September." He said the defendant has voluntarily put himself forward for courses to address alcohol and drug use. Mr White said: "He tells me the alcohol and drugs and now behind him." Hogan must complete a rehabilitation activity programme for 35 days. He must also complete a Building Better Relationships programme and 200 hours unpaid work.  