Lionel Messi is said to be 'impressed' by Manchester United's Alejandro Garnacho, who Erik ten Hag reportedly wants to hand a first-team role to in his first season in charge. The Dutchman is said to have told senior staff at United that he intends to utilise the teenager's talents next term. The 17-year-old left-winger helped United's under-18s to win the FA Youth Cup last term. He scored seven goals in just six games, including two in a 3-1 final win over Nottingham Forest. According to the Daily Mirror, Ten Hag has recognised Garnacho's abilities and wants the Madrid-born Argentine to play a much bigger role in his maiden campaign. And Messi is among the many admirers of the South American teenager. Garnacho was called up to the Argentina national team in March but did not make an appearance. Yet national manager Lionel Scaloni rates the youngster highly and Messi is said to have been impressed by his ability and confidence in training. MUST READ: Ten Hag ‘starting to get frustrated’ at Man Utd’s De Jong pursuit  United are in the process of agreeing a six-year contract with Garnacho to reflect his huge potential. He is contracted until 2025 after only signing his first professional deal last July but the Red Devils want to prove they recognise his ceiling with a new and improved deal. Ralf Rangnick handed Garnacho his senior debut in April against Chelsea and he also got 11 minutes on the final day at Crystal Palace. But Ten Hag is planning to step up his development with more regular senior game time. The new manager watched the FA Youth Cup final and was primarily focused on Garnacho despite the array of young talent on display. United won the trophy for the first time in 10 years and the Argentine, who joined from Atletico Madrid in 2020, shone. MORE MAN UTD NEWS...Ronaldo 'doesn't feel involved ten Hag project' in new Man Utd blowFour players Man Utd can sign if Christian Eriksen snubs moveMan Utd could be about to sign another Di Maria under Ten Hag Garnacho also scored four goals in four games for Argentina's under-20s at the recent Toulon Tournament. Javier Mascherano the former Liverpool midfielder is the manager of the youth team and said: "Alejandro is a great player with a lot of potential for growing. It is clear that by playing in the club he plays for, and above all the importance his club gives him for the future, it is up to him to show what he is capable of." The departed Rangnick meanwhile said of Garnacho back in April: "I know that he is one of the most promising players. [He is] still only 17, but a player that hopefully if he keeps his feet on the ground. If he keeps trying to get better every day, then he will not only be sitting on the bench but there is every chance he will be playing for this club." Garnacho is expected to get a chance to shine at first-team level on United pre-season tour this summer. The under-18 Player of the Year will hope to be involved when United face Liverpool on July 12 in a friendly in Bangkok, Thailand.