 After the Queen’s recent mobility issues which have been described as “episodic”, the Queen was gifted a handmade walking stick. Following the joyous event on Thursday, it has been announced that the Queen will not be attending the Thanksgiving Service at St Pauls on Friday due to the issues surrounding her mobility.    The Palace reported that the Queen had some discomfort at the Trooping the Colour event as she was seen walking cautiously out on the balcony and later slowly to light the beacon at Windsor. As the Queen walked out onto the balcony of Buckingham Palace to greet the ecstatic crowds and to watch the flypast, she could be seen grasping a walking stick - an ever-increasing sight. The Chief of the General Staff, General Sir Mark Carleton-Smith, hand-delivered the walking stick to the Queen’s equerry at Windsor Castle, it has been reported. The Telegraph reported that the General wanted to gift the Queen something “personal, relevant and handy”.   The stick was handmade by Dennis Wall after he was contacted by the Army in April to submit three of his best sticks for the Queen to pick from as a gift. The chosen stick was handmade in mottled hazel and surmounted by a traditional heardwick ram’s horn. The personal touch which truly delighted the Queen was the engraved inscription on a silver band on the stick which had the Army crest and an inscription. READ MORE: Queen put foot down to ensure smooth Jubilee running   The inscription reiterated the Army’s allegiance and support of the Crown and has the dates of her reign. The inscription reads: “The Army presents its loyal support. The Sovereign. Platinum Jubilee. MCML 11- MMXX 11.” Reports have said that the Queen “loved it”, notably “the detail about its design and parts”. DON'T MISS: David Beckham issues brilliant tribute to Queen on Platinum Jubilee [REVEAL]Kate and Meghan to 'put up good show' as Duchesses 'aware of optics' [INSIGHT]Britons warned of fines and points for being drunk as a passenger [ANALYSIS]    Mr Wall was “quite thrilled” after being asked to complete such an “unexpected” honour, after previously making a stick for the Prince of Wales. He added: “She looked so natural with it. She looked at ease. It looked like it was made for her.” The Queen was later seen at Windsor with a different walking stick as she lit the principal Jubilee beacon on the quadrangle. 