Manchester City have been told that they would be “foolish” to let Raheem Sterling leave the club this summer if the England star wants to stay at the Etihad Stadium. Former City defender Stuart Pearce believes that there will be plenty of interest in Sterling but Pep Guardiola’s team should be attempting to keep him at the club. Sterling has been linked with Chelsea and Real Madrid by The Times as his Manchester City contract expires in 2023, but Pearce has urged City to keep him at the club. He told talkSPORT: “With Raheem, it is unbelievable that he is only 27 years old, with the experience and how well he has done both with club and country. He will go wherever he thinks his next personal challenge is, he might fancy playing abroad. There will be a lot of takers for him, I think he has been sensational to be fair. “He has added goals over the last five years, before that you thought ‘Maybe he doesn’t score as many as he should do for the chances that are created’, but he has won most things at Manchester City.  “If he wants to stay at Manchester City then I think they would be foolish not to keep him at the football club.” Sterling did not start in either leg of City’s Champions League defeat to Real Madrid this season and has been linked with a move abroad and to Chelsea after Todd Boehly’s takeover of the club was finalised on Monday. The Blues could be in the market for a forward this summer, as Romelu Lukaku’s future at Stamford Bridge looks uncertain. Sterling previously has admitted that he would be open to moving outside of England however. Speaking at the FT Business of Sport US summit in October, Sterling said: "If there was an opportunity to go somewhere else, (for more game time), I would be open to it at this moment in time. "As I said, football is the most important thing to me - challenges that I have set myself from a young age and dreams as well, to play abroad. "As an English player all I know is the Premier League and I have always had something down (in me) that maybe one day I would love to play abroad to see how I would come up against that challenge. I'm not a person that's going to complain. I've not tried to make it a bigger deal than it actually is.” Rotation among the Manchester City forwards has been a common theme since Guardiola was appointed manager in 2016, and Sterling could have further competition next season after City won the race to sign Borussia Dortmund star Erling Haaland.