Many pensioners are struggling with their income in retirement, which has been compounded by the cost of living crisis. Across nearly all types of cash benefits, those with the lowest incomes are receiving the least in support, according to Just Group. Analysis of ONS data splitting retired households into five groups or quintiles, showed the bottom quintile received £9,254 per year on average in cash benefits. This was inclusive of the state pension sum which can vary depending on National Insurance contributions. It is £116 a week less than the £15,311 received by the fourth quintile, and £90 a week less than the top quintile, whose overall income was more than five times higher. Stephen Lowe, group communications director at Just Group, said: “The findings challenge the notion that most state support for retired people goes to those with the lowest income – in fact it goes to those in the middle and upper ends of the retirement income scale. READ MORE: TV Licence could be linked to council tax in radical shake-up “The shared characteristic of retired people on the lowest incomes is that they receive less state pension than any of the other groups, perhaps because they did not achieve the qualifying years needed or missed out on additional pension such as State Earnings Related Pension Scheme (SERPS) or State Second Pension (S2P). “They also have lower levels of savings or investments which contributes to lower retirement incomes overall.” Mr Lowe highlighted four in five of retired people on the lowest incomes own their own homes. This is a higher proportion than the middle quintiles, which means they cannot qualify for housing benefit. DON'T MISSRetirement and me: Couple explain how they retired at 35 and 40 [EXCLUSIVE]‘It was my grandfather's!’ Woman ‘in hysterics’ after losing £20,000 [VIDEO]Retired before 2016? You could get extra £14.48 per week [INSIGHT] However, this is a major concern for experts who are concerned about this group of people. Mr Lowe continued: “This may put these ‘property rich, income poor’ people off checking their entitlement to benefits - vital income for retired households facing a cost of living crisis. “With pensioners already put under pressure by the Government breaking the triple lock pledge, they now face soaring inflation with energy and food prices rocketing – missing out on benefits shouldn’t be another financial blow for retired households to bear.” The problem is also evident for those claiming Pension Credit - designed to assist individuals who are on low incomes and over state pension age. It was found the bottom quintile received the third lowest amount of Pension Credit at £258 per year. This is lower than the second and third quintile, despite the benefit being specifically aimed at low income pensioners. Government figures have shown close to one million people could be missing out on Pension Credit. Each family who did not claim the benefit missed out on £1,900 - a potentially useful chunk of money. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea As a result, Just Group has encouraged low income pensioners to check their eligibility for the payment, as well as other support they could secure. Britons can use benefit calculators available online to check their eligibility for support in an anonymous way. Similarly, for Pension Credit specifically, the Government has an online tool to check if a person could secure a payment. Local councils will provide information on financial help to pay rent or council tax if a person should so need it. Alternatively, pensioners can seek independent, regulated financial advice - but this will come at a cost. A Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "Pension Credit take-up is now at its highest level since 2010, and the full yearly amount of the basic State Pension is now over £2,300 higher than it was in 2010, with 400,000 fewer pensioners in absolute poverty after housing costs in 2020/21 than in 2009/10. “We are committed to ensuring pensioners receive all the benefits to which they are entitled and we continue to work with stakeholders to increase awareness of Pension Credit and the wide range of other benefits it can provide; including, Warm Home Discount, Housing Benefit and Council Tax reduction schemes, as well as a free TV licence for those over 75.”