If you’ve noticed any black spots and patches forming on your walls, it’s most likely to be the presence of black mould. Mould forms as a result of a sustained water or moisture problem, likely to have occurred through leaks or simply just condensation, and it’s a problem that should be tackled pretty much as soon as you spot it. Everyday lifestyle activities, like showering, cooking, drying clothes - and even breathing - without proper ventilation, can cause this excess moisture to fester. Droplets form in the air and coat the walls and windows, and if not dried down, can end up seeping into the pores of the wall or around windows and before you know it, you’ve got a growing mould problem on your hands. It’s definitely not a problem to ignore, as breathing in mould spores really isn’t good for you. Not only can it exacerbate allergies or conditions such as asthma, but mould can also do untold damage to the plaster and wallpaper.  READ MORE: Make towel ‘stains fade away’ without a washing machine  So it’s best to rid your walls of this fungus as soon as it forms. But before you do, it’s important to go a few extra lengths to protect yourself. Before you get started, layer yourself up in some protective gear, such as rubber gloves, goggles if you have any, and a face mask. Open the windows but keep the doors shut to prevent mould spores from spreading through the house when you scrub. The more natural ingredients you can use the better, but if you need a quick fix, bleach is a fast solution to rid your walls of the mould.  Start by mixing up a solution of one part bleach, three parts water. Apply this solution to the mould and scrub it with a hard-bristled brush. Wipe over the area with a damp cloth then dry it. Keep repeating the process if necessary until the mould has fully lifted. If you’re cleaning bathroom walls, you can reduce the dilution to one part bleach, two parts water, as this is more likely to be a tougher area to clean. Again, apply, rinse, and repeat until the mould is entirely gone.  DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share ‘best’ way to clean ‘grim’ discoloured pillows [INSIGHT]Is cornflour the new baking soda? 5 effective cornflour cleaning hacks [ANALYSIS]Why you shouldn't use a sponge to do your washing up [EXPLAINED]    If you’re not keen on using bleach, another good product to use is white vinegar. Not only is it one of the most natural ways to remove mould, studies have shown white vinegar has the properties to destroy over 80 percent of mould species - and prevent it from returning. Simply pour some white vinegar into a spray bottle - no water - and douse the area with it. Let this sit for around 30 minutes, then wipe it clean with some water.  The vinegar smell will disappear after a few hours, but if it’s bothering you too much, open all the windows to help it along. There are a number of good ways to prevent mould from occurring in the first place and as mentioned, it forms as a result of increased moisture. So, make sure to dry wet areas immediately. Wipe down walls with a dry towel after you use the shower and open up the windows. Carry out regular checks over window sealant, broken gutters and drainpipes to make sure there are no leakages. You can also purchase a moisture metre to monitor the humidity in different rooms. Ideally, humidity should rest somewhere between 30 and 60 percent according to Envirovent. 