A yellow weather warning has been issued for parts of southern England this afternoon and evening after record temperatures on Friday. Britain saw its hottest day of the year for the third day in succession with the mercury hitting 32.7C in Suffolk. The Met Office issued a warning of some short term loss of power or other utility services could be possible as well as damage to buildings. It said storms are expected to move northeastwards across the south-west and into southern England. The Met Office added: "These may bring frequent lightning to sites for a short period of time before they clear to the northeast. "A brief period of heavy rain is also likely but given the speed of movement lightning is thought more likely to be a hazard.  "The most frequent lightning is likely to be in parts of Cornwall and Devon." Other counties affected include Somerset, Dorset, Gloucestershire, Wiltshire and Hampshire. It comes after temperatures dropped by almost 15C in some parts of the UK as a result of an influx of cooler Atlantic air. Meteogroup UK forecasts an unsettled evening tonight across England and Wales with cloudy skies and scattered showers or longer spells of rain which will be locally heavy and thundery and clearing eastwards overnight.  READ MORE ABOUT A LOG BURNER WARNING It will then be mainly dry with clear spells and variable cloud but also a chance of showers, mostly across Scotland. The outlook for Sunday is for a bright day on Sunday with spells of sunshine for most places at some point during the day, especially later on. There is a chance of showers developing - mainly to the south - which could be heavy and thundery on the south coast of England. It is mostly dry during the evening with fresh, north-westerly winds expected.   DON'T MISS: Iceland boss says shoppers cut spending at £40 as food bank use rises [REVEALED] Netflix wants Harry and Meghan 'to explain why they were booed' [LATEST] Kate and William's latest move is a 'slapdown' to Meghan and Harry [REPORT] Sunday night will see a mostly dry start to the evening with clear spells in central areas with cloud to the far north and south. However, a few spots of light rain are expected in the south.  By the early hours, all areas should be dry and it will be clear, especially for central areas, with a light northerly breeze. Monday will start off dry and with sunny spells. Cloud will build in for Northern Ireland and Scotland through the day, with rain to the far north-west. Rain is expected across Northern Ireland, Scotland and northern England on Tuesday morning.  The rain will become patchy by the afternoon. It should be dry to the south, according to Meteogroup UK. Air quality is good across the country today (June 18) and should be the same on Sunday. 