An investigation was launched by Buckingham Palace into accusations Meghan Markle had "bullied" staff while she was a working royal. Buckingham Palace has revealed the outcome of the inquiry will remain a secret. Discussing the investigation with Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield on Thursday's This Morning, journalist Simon McCoy estimated the decision to keep findings under wraps was made by Queen Elizabeth II.  The former GB News presenter said: "They [Buckingham Palace] said, 'We do not want another row, we do not want to have further pressure on the Sussexes, nobody's going to be happy with this, because the Duchess of Sussex has always denied these claims.'" He added: "She [Meghan] says it was a smear (campaign) launched against her but we will never know the result, and mud tends to stick. "And that's the problem and I suspect the Duchess of Sussex will have something to say about that. "And don't forget also, we're going to hear from Harry as well, he's got his book coming out. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: viewers left in tears after ‘emotional’ audition "There are rumours that they were with Oprah Winfrey only in the last week or so. "There's the possibility of another chat with her. "So, things are very fraught and one sort of suspects the Queen here somewhere saying, 'Let's just dial it down let's calm things down.'" The inquiry was launched in March 2021 following allegations the Duchess of Sussex drove out two personal assistants. Meghan's lawyers denied the allegations at the time. Meghan and Harry have also denied the claims, and during their tell-all interview with Ophrah in 2021, they addressed the accusations. The couple claimed the palace had used the media "to peddle a wholly false narrative". It's been reported the reason for keeping the outcomes of the investigation quiet is to protect the anonymity of those who took part. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street theory: Audrey Roberts dies at hands of relative [THEORY]Meghan Markle fuels presidential bid rumours after Washington hint [VIDEO]Lewis Hamilton’s calls for change slammed by Bernie Ecclestone [LATEST] A senior palace source said: “Because of the confidentiality of the discussions we have not communicated the detailed recommendations. "The recommendations have been incorporated within policies and procedures wherever appropriate and policies and procedures have changed. "So all members of staff, all members of the royal family will be aware of what the policies and procedures are, the revised policies and procedures." It has not been revealed what the improved policies being put in place are. Despite initial predictions from royal insiders that dozens of staff would come forward to give evidence against Meghan, who denied the claims, in the end only a handful of aides did. Recently, ITV host Lorraine Kelly hit out at the decision not to publish the report, stating on her self-titled morning show: "If I was Meghan I would want that report to be out to vindicate her." This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV, while Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV. 