The former Labour Prime Minister is set to be installed as a member of the Order of the Garter on Monday, the UK's most celebrated royal honour for chivalry. On Friday, the 69-year-old was knighted by Her Majesty and will join an elite cast of citizens who are part of the medieval royal order during a ceremony today. He will be inducted alongside Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, and Baroness Valerie Amos. Sir Tony, as he is now to be officially called, became Prime Minister after winning the 1997 general election and is among the longest serving leaders of the Queen's 70-year reign. His time in Government, however, was littered with controversy, largely surrounding his decision to join the US in going to war with Iraq. A petition calling for the knighthood to be “rescinded” has reached more than 1.5 million signatures in Britain, stating he was the "least deserving person of any public honour" and that he should be "held accountable for war crimes". But, despite dividing public opinion, Sir Tony’s name remains synonymous with Nineties Britain. Less well-known, however, is what the former Labour leader is worth. According to Wealthy Gorilla, Sir Tony is worth a staggering £49million ($60million), a fortune amassed in the years prior to and after his premiership. After ending his time as Prime Minister, he took on a number of significant roles in the finance and charitable sectors, including becoming Middle East envoy for the United Nations, European Union, Russia and the United States. A year later, the ex-Labour leader compiled a new plan for peace and Palestinian rights, resigning from the post in 2015. As well as these human rights roles, he was active in the lucrative private sector, joining investment bank JPMorgan Chase in a senior advisory position. JUST IN: Will the Queen be at Garter Day service? He also aided Zurich Financial Services with problems they faced regarding climate change, and by 2008 he had crafted Tony Blair Associates, a firm offering strategic advice on politics and economics. Other work carried out included launching the Tony Blair Sports Foundation, a group aimed and promoting children's participation in sport. A further two organisations were created by Mr Blair, including the Tony Blair Faith Foundation, based on enduring a greater understanding of religious backgrounds, and the Tony Blair Institute, which championed global change in governments. Away from politics, Mr Blair and his wife, Cherie, have four children, and own eight residences in total. DON'T MISS:Labour MP Bob Blizzard, 1950-2022 - Obituary [INSIGHT]He's not a liar like Blair' Callers erupt in Boris confidence vote row [LATEST]Even BLAIR admits EU needs to agree a Brexit row compromise [ANALYSIS] The primary of these locations is London's Connaught Square, where average house prices are worth £6.3million ($7.7million). Mr Blair's inclusion in the prestigious Order of the Garter will no doubt ruffle the feathers of his critics, who blame him for the UK's part in the Iraq War. In a 2003 speech to Parliament, he likened Iraq's longstanding President Saddam Hussein to the Nazi Party's Adolf Hitler. He said: "To retreat now, I believe, would put at hazard all that we hold dearest, turn the UN back into a talking shop, stifle the first steps of progress in the Middle East; leave the Iraqi people to the mercy of events on which we would have relinquished all power to influence for the better. "Tell our allies that at the very moment of action, at the very moment when they need our determination that Britain faltered. "I will not be party to such a course. This is not the time to falter. "This is the time for this house, not just this Government or indeed this prime minister, but for this house to give a lead, to show that we will stand up for what we know to be right, to show that we will confront the tyrannies and dictatorships and terrorists who put our way of life at risk, to show at the moment of decision that we have the courage to do the right thing." Those appointed to the Order of the Garter are told in the New Year. But members aren't formally installed until June's ceremony, where they are welcomed in via a colourful procession complete with caps and gowns.