The Neighbours cast filmed the soap's final ever scene on Friday ahead of August's series finale. A picture of Ramsay Street stars at the set of the Kennedy's house was shared on social media to mark the end of the soap which has been running for almost four decades. Hundreds of fans commented on the picture to share their devastation over the soap coming to an end.  The picture shows characters including Karl Kennedy (played by Alan Fletcher) and Susan Kennedy (Jackie Woodburne) and Paul Robinson (Stefan Dennis). Executive producer Jason Herbison said: “We all knew this day was coming but until we were here in this moment when the very last scene was filmed, it was hard to express how we would all feel. "Of course, it is sad and tears were shed, but we’re also enormously proud." He added how airing the soap for 37 years was an "incredible achievement" which should be celebrated. READ MORE: Blue Bloods blunder: Key Erin and Danny scene had crew equipment Jason continued: "We’ve also been incredibly touched by the response from our viewers all over the world. "Neighbours is more than a TV show to many people. "They see us as part of the family and we feel privileged to have been invited into their homes, and I know the legacy of Neighbours will live on for many years.” Fans flocked to Twitter after the photograph was shared on the Neighbours page to share their thoughts on the show being axed.  Neil Flaherty commented: "Going to miss this soap. @channel5_tv say they want to continue making programmes in Australia but they are letting a legend of a show slip from their grasp." Caroline Hall added: "My guilty pleasure! You’ve all been marvellous and I’m so sad to see this glorious production come to an end. "Thanks for all the laughs, tears and cringes, it’s been an absolute blast. I wish you all every happiness and success in whatever comes next. I will miss you all, even Paul!" (sic) Su Mace penned: "Watched it from the start, it’s the only soap I ever watch. I am gutted. Good luck to everyone and thank you for the memories." DON'T MISS...Ageless Kylie Minogue, 54, makes sexy style statement in mini dress [LATEST]Neighbours' final scene with Kylie and Jason will be emotional [INSIGHT]Neighbours theory: Double exit rocks Ramsay Street in deadly twist [THEORY] Ben Bone remarked: "There are no words to describe how I feel right now. But my heart is full of love for each and every one of you for creating a show that has been with me my entire life. Thank you for everything." Sarah Lea said: "Truly gutted by this. Will never stop hoping that another broadcaster sees the amazing value in this show. Personally, thank you for the way you've handled sensitive issues, especially Susan's MS which actually helped me come to terms with my own diagnosis. You'll be missed." (sic) Patrick Moore added: "Everyone can stand back and be proud of the contribution they made to the series and the enjoyment it gave to so many worldwide - it won't be forgotten." The final episode of the long-running Australian soap will be aired on August 1.  Neighbours was axed after Channel 5 decided not to renew its contract with production company Fremantle in March. Fremantle stated it had been unable to come up with 'alternative funding' for the series. A statement from the production company read: "The show has brought a sunny slice of Australia into the homes of millions of viewers around the world launching the careers of dozens of household names along the way." Neighbours airs weekdays at 1.45pm and 6pm on Channel 5 and is available to watch on My5. 