Well, the facts have changed. The tough curbs on spending and borrowing imposed by Mrs Thatcher at the start of the 1980s were right for that time and they worked. By the end of that decade Britain was no longer the "sick man of Europe" and living standards were rising. I should know. I was one of her advisers and heavily engaged in rebutting her critics who wailed her clampdown would plunge the country into permanent recession. Eventually, the facts said otherwise. The trouble is that our Chancellor, Rishi Sunak, and the Treasury are still fighting the last war and using obsolete weapons. To beat the cost of living crisis, they should be cutting taxes, not raising them to levels last seen 70 years ago. And because the British economy is fundamentally sound, unlike the 1980s, they should be borrowing more to fund those tax cuts, put money in people's pockets and get the economy moving. If Mr Sunak won't see the light and break free of his treasury captors then the PM should find himself a Chancellor who will. The Treasury should remember its job is to optimise the British people's economic welfare. This means maximising growth. Growth comes from businesses creating products, investing and innovating, so that productivity rises steadily. However, raising taxes on businesses and on entrepreneurs lowers returns on this activity, and so lowers growth. Furthermore, raising taxes such as National Insurance contributions on wages, when the cost of living is being forced up by world commodity prices, drives up business costs and reduces growth. Of course, taxes are needed to pay for government spending. But one of the beauties of having a stable sovereign government trusted in world bond markets is it can borrow at low world interest rates. That in turn will raise extra revenue for the Exchequer and so enable those debts to be paid down. The result is a virtuous circle in which incomes start rising and people have enough to cope with the cost of living crisis. Sadly, Mr Sunak, instead of questioning and pushing back against the Treasury's outdated thinking, has become its echo-chamber in the Cabinet. As a result we are looking into the teeth of a nasty growth collapse and wage surge, produced by a disastrous tax programme.