Katie Boulter struggled to hold back the tears after dedicating her incredible comeback win over No 6 seed Karolina Pliskova to her grandmother who passed away earlier this week. The Brits have been dominating the opening rounds of Wimbledon but Boulter was up against it when she was drawn against last year's finalist Pliskova.  Boulter did beat the world No 7 last week at Eastbourne in her first match win against a top-10 player. That clearly gave her confidence coming into Wimbledon, where she's been unable to get past the second round in three main draw entries. She was dominant in the opening round win over Clara Burel, but Pliskova proved to be a different test. The Czech tennis ace took the opening set and gave Boulter a mountain to climb to get back in the match. The second set proved to be topsy turvy with neither player able to hold serve. Boulter eventually did enough to force a tiebreak, where she took an early 4-0 lead and won from there. Both players refused to give anything away in the third though with Centre Court beginning to raise the noise levels in their support of Boulter. And the Brit found her chance in the ninth game, breaking Pliskova before serving for the match in the biggest win of her career. "I'm probably going to get emotional," Boulter said, putting her hands up to her eyes. "My Gran passed away two days ago and I'd just like to dedicate that to her today." When asked how it felt to reach her first Grand Slam third round, Boulter laughed before the crowd burst into applause. "Honestly, it's a dream come true for me," she said. "I've hopefully got many more matches to play and if I can have you guys behind me for those then hopefully I can go a long way so thank you so much."  She added: "Oh my God. I have got absolutely no words right now. I'm absolutely shaking so thank you so much for getting me through that match." Boulter will take on Serena Williams' conqueror Harmony Tan in the next round after the French star continued her impressive run with a straight-sets victory over 32nd seed Sara Sorribes Tormo. Speaking of Boulter's next match, John McEnroe told the BBC: "She's got a bigger serve than I realised, she rose to the occasion. Pliskova seems to have completely lost her confidence. I don't want to take anything away from Boulter, but that's a Wimbledon finalist who we sort of anticipated 'well what about if her and Serena went at it in the third round?'. I don't know what happened with Tan, did she win?