Prime Minister Boris Johnson won a vote of no confidence in the House of Commons on Monday, June 6. Almost half of his Party, 148 MPs declared they had no confidence in him with just 211 MPs voting to keep Mr Johnson in his post.  Regardless of the criticism, Mr Johnson remained positive and vowed to move on from internal political factionalism. After the vote he said: "I think it's a convincing result, decisive result and what it means is that as a Government we can move on and focus on the stuff that really matters to people." Ahead of this, Express.co.uk readers were asked whether Mr Johnson had delivered their expectations of Brexit.  In a poll that ran from 10am on Monday, May 30, to 4pm on Monday, June 6, Express.co.uk asked: “Has Boris Johnson failed to deliver your expectations of Brexit?” A total of 4,042 people cast their votes with the overwhelming majority – 82 percent (3,330 people) – answering “yes”, Mr Johnson has failed to deliver their expectations of Brexit. A further 17 percent (684 people) said “no” and just one percent (28 people) said they did not know either way.  Readers shared their thoughts with hundreds of comments left below the accompanying article. Many said that they expected Brexit to be achieved sooner with one reader, username london town, writing: “Boris should have got Brexit done a long time ago, but he is still pandering to the EU and not doing what we voted for, so get on with it Boris and get us fully out of the EU.” And username onlylellypoos said: “I truly thought that things would have moved a lot faster than they have! It's dragging on far too long for my liking!” Another, username MissingEUAlready2, said: “It pains me to say that all the time the EU is allowed to interfere in the free movement of goods within the UK he has not delivered a proper Brexit.”  Others commented that Mr Johnson had delivered Brexit in name only, a phrase which has been given the acronym BRINO. Username BiRo said: “Boris has delivered Brexit in name.” Username NorthernGeezer said: “YES YES YES...A MILLION TIMES YES!!!!!! The BRINO he has delivered IS NOT the BREXIT I voted for!!!!” Meanwhile, some argued that Mr Johnson had failed as Northern Ireland was still having to abide by EU laws.  Username Dr Evil said: “I expected the whole of the UK to leave the EU, not just most of it. Northern Ireland has to be fixed.” And username SanjayP wrote: “Boris needs to deliver Northern Ireland from the clutches of the EU, and complete Brexit.” However, some expected Brexit to be a failure and thought that these expectations had been met. Username Gaer said: “Johnson has delivered just as I expected: An absolute disaster.” And username bigbadbill said: “He has delivered what I predicted perfectly.”  Others thought that Mr Johnson had been successful in delivered what was expected. Username ChelseaChampions said: “Boris has totally delivered on Brexit. Well done Boris.” And username harrymc said: “Boris has provided exactly the Brexit we voted for. We've left the EU. That's all Brexit was.” While username Scottydoggy wrote: “It was an onerous task for anyone and remains so with Covid and Ukrainian war to deal with as well as Brexit. “Boris delivered Brexit and it will take time and patience to settle all the problems that have arisen.”