A police force found only five percent of drivers understood a common road sign used in Britain, resulting in their issuing an urgent warning. The road sign in question, which features a red circle with a motorbike and a car inside, has caught out many drivers in Humberside. Just five percent of them knew it signalled an "access-only" road. A statement from the force said it was horrified to find so many drivers claiming not to know what it means, reported GB News. A tweet from Humberside Police read: "Attended at Middle Lane Preston today to enforce that access-only route. "Between 5pm and 6pm nearly 100 cars were stopped and only five had right of access. READ MORE: Drivers told to use secret button to reduce fuel consumption "Horrified at the number of drivers who claimed not to know what a red circle with a car and bike inside meant!" The access only road sign was introduced to limit traffic numbers in rural areas and near schools. Locals in Preston, a village outside Hull, had complained to the force about so many drivers using the road. Due to it being an access only road, it should only be used by people living or visiting properties on the road. DON'T MISSMotorists will be 'pleasantly surprised' when using hypermiling tricks [ADVICE]Hidden features in your car you never knew existed [INSIGHT]Drivers urged to use hypermiling hack to boost efficiency 25 percent [IMPORTANT] Earlier this week, Express.co.uk reported that half of motorists don't know that pedestrians have the right of way when crossing road junctions, just months after major Highway Code changes. According to a new survey of 2,000 motorists, only 46 percent correctly recognise pedestrians as having right of way at junctions. Two in five UK drivers believe that pedestrians only have priority when already crossing – making for a significant risk when crossing the road. While this may seem trivial, Vanarama warned drivers that those found to be driving carelessly or dangerously could be hit with severe consequences. If found to be driving dangerously, it can result in unlimited fines, 11 penalty points and even two years imprisonment. Numerous Highway Code changes were introduced in January to improve road safety for all road users. This included sweeping changes for cyclists, the creation of a hierarchy of road users and improved safety for those most at risk. The Highway Code is advisory, so non-compliance will not result in a fine, but drivers can still be hit with fines and other punishments if they are found to be breaking the law. Almost three in five Britons are also unaware that cyclists are now permitted to pass or overtake vehicles on both the left- and right-hand sides. To ensure the safety of themselves and other road users, drivers should now be aware of cyclists approaching them on both sides – when stationary or in moving traffic. Mirrors and blindspots should be routinely checked. This was also addressed in the changes, with the introduction of the “Dutch Reach” - the act of using your wrong hand while opening the driver door in order to check for cyclists.