Tonight, Kirkwood is among an all-star lineup to help present BBC One's Platinum Beacons: Lighting up the Jubilee, from 9pm. The beloved weather presenter will be joined by the likes of host Kirsty Young, Gethin Jones and Holly Hamilton, as well as ex-footballer Jermaine Jenas, reporting on events outside Buckingham Palace. Senior Royal Family members will be outside the Queen's London residence to light the beacon, while guests will join Young to relive their encounters with the Queen. Highlights from other events throughout the day will also be relived, including the day's Trooping the Colour event. Kirkwood's inclusion helps enhance her already brilliant repertoire, which has seen her become a huge hit with viewers of BBC Breakfast. She remains among many TV fans' favourites, with her jovial attitude striking a chord with the public who watch intently in the morning. But Kirkwood once noted how she would do everything in her power to make sure she was able to continue to host the weather for years to come, in comments that remain relevant today amid ongoing threats to the BBC and promises of looming cuts. In a 2016 Radio Times interview, Carol explained: “If they showed me the door, I’d hang on by my fingernails.” Her remarks came four years after she told the Scottish Sun that she knew of "thousands of younger girls who will kill for my job". She added: "And I know the clock is ticking down for me.” With her colleagues Matt Taylor, and Owain Wyn Evans becoming more popular, fans have wondered if Kirkwood would ever be replaced. JUST IN: BBC's Jon Kay jibes at Will Young over Carol Kirkwood 'kiss' Since Kirkwood joined the BBC’s broadcasting team in 1997, she’s won at least seven TRIC awards for presenting. During her time at the corporation, she has fronted weather reports for multiple news shows, Wimbledon coverage, The One Show and royal weddings. In 2015, Kirkwood entered Strictly Come Dancing alongside Pasha Kovalev and made a cameo in the Channel 4 soap Hollyoaks. The TV star, who presents the weekday weather forecasts on BBC Breakfast, admitted the role was her “dream job” – despite the gruelling hours. DON'T MISS:BBC Weather: Carol Kirkwood warns over heavy rain 'Quite a deluge!' [ANALYSIS]Carol Kirkwood reacts as Dan Walker mistaken for fiancé [LATEST]Jon Kay announces 'new arrival' after Carol Kirkwood's engagement news [UPDATE] In 2018, she told The Sunday Post that by the time people see her in the morning she has “been up for over three hours” and it’s her “mid-morning”. Kirkwood said she “loved” working on the show because she was “with friends all the time” and added: “I love what I do more than I ever did.” She claimed it was her colleagues and job satisfaction that “makes me get out of bed at 2.45 in the morning”. The star continued: “If I didn’t, then I couldn’t do that and I would be looking for something else.” Even though she professed her love for BBC Breakfast, Kirkwood admitted the early hours took their toll on her. The Scottish star said: "I’m always sleep-deficient, it’s like having permanent jet lag." Kirkwood admitted she would never drink alcohol during the week because she took her “job seriously”. She continued “If I stumbled on air, I would think, ‘I shouldn’t have had that glass of wine last night’... I won’t allow myself that.” Kirkwood said she would “never give up the weather on [BBC] Breakfast” and vowed to fight if bosses tried to “show her the door”. Platinum Beacons: Lighting up the Jubilee airs from 9pm on BBC One tonight.