Forget the net-zero agenda. Ignore the save-the-planet goo. Never make yourself reliant on public transport. Always have your own means of getting about. And, most of all, NEVER give up your car. Oh yes, successive governments have instructed us to abandon the car for the sake of the planet. Use public transport, they say. It’s the green thing to do, they insist. It’s public-spirited. It’s progressive. It’s caring. And, if you don’t, we’ll tax you till your eyes bleed. Well, let me tell you what happens when millions of us obey them, and start relying on buses, trains and tubes. We subjugate ourselves to unscrupulous, uncaring, virulently militant transport unions. We walk towards a barrel and position ourselves obligingly over it, after which the unions pin us into place as we beg for mercy. More money? Okay, okay, here it is. Anything to make the pain stop. Incredibly, they get away with it. That’s why an average train driver earns £54K per year – nearly double the average teacher. That’s why some tube drivers earn £100K per year – far more than the average GP, who’s spent six years at medical school. That’s, in part, why rail fares make your teeth ache. Because, while the unions may be garbage at making the trains any good, they’re world-class strikers. So, the next time some officious bigwig says “ditch your car!”, you’ll know to say this: I will not make myself dependent on a system where transport workers withdraw their services at a time of maximum public inconvenience with the sole aim of lining their own pockets. I will keep my own car, however gas guzzling, until we have a transport network run entirely by technology, with driverless buses, trams and trains, ideally with zero human involvement at any stage of the operation. Yes, driverless trains are coming. They will eventually be ubiquitous. And when the glorious day arrives the unions will be powerless. All those rail workers now merrily striking will have to work like everyone else. If they want a pay rise, they’ll have to demonstrate they’re worth it, and that they’ve added more value and productivity – something that millions of us have understood for decades. It'll come as a complete shock. But as we wait for that day, which, tragically, is years away for most of the network, the unions have massive power. And, by God, are they using it. Let’s remember that this is a pre-emptive strike. Negotiations with rail bosses are still taking place. But, still, the unions are striking as a show of strength. Look what we can do, they gloat. Observe the misery we can inflict. Just imagine how much worse it’ll be if you don’t give us more money. If it leads to an inflationary spiral, well, ha ha, we couldn’t care less.    There’s no depth to which they will not sink. Screw up teenagers about to take exams? Tick. Worry the hell out of pensioners with hospital appointments? Sounds good. Undermine millions striving to earn a living to support their families in the midst of a global cost-of-living crisis? Sure thing. Strike at the moment of maximum nationwide vulnerability, forcing the Government and rail companies to hand over even more lovely money? You bet. Maybe it’s because I’ve been self-employed for 20 years, but I just don’t understand strikes. How can anyone victimise their own customers just to get a few more quid on top of an already generous pay packet? How do they sleep? And why, instead of pouring energy into organising strikes, wouldn’t they pour that same energy into improving the service so that the bosses actively want to give them more money as a well-deserved reward? No, I don’t get it. But one thing I can do is look out of my window and rejoice that I have a car. It’s nothing fancy. But all the time I have that beautiful machine, the unions can’t subjugate me. Not completely. There are 33 million cars in Britain – more than one per household. Keep them, people. Cherish them. Worship them. Pet them. Buy a second, if possible, in case the first one breaks down. Because the day you give up your car is the day you subjugate yourself to Britain’s militant unions. It’s the day you cede control. And it’s the day you walk towards that barrel, and bend over. 