The Queen recently marked her 70 year reign as Britons across the country celebrated the monarch's Platinum Jubilee. But the Apprentice star, Karren Brady has opened up about the future of the monarchy, as she admitted Her Majesty is "pulling the strings". The 53-year-old discussed the changes being made within The Firm as younger royals were more visible during the Jubilee celebrations. The columnist gushed over the momentous occasion but noted the Queen "must take a back seat". Karren suggested the goal now is for "The Firm to become the People’s Royal Family" and added the Queen herself has given the "green light". The Apprentice star added the royals "will never be the same again" in a candid admission. READ MORE: Harry Styles in Glasgow gig horror as fan plunges from top balcony Writing in her latest column for The Sun, she began: "During the past year the family have weathered the storm from [Prince] Harry and Meghan’s chit-chat with Oprah to the stripping of disgraced Prince Andrew’s titles. "But it is clear they have grown stronger — and have a plan." She continued: "And with the positive glow of the Jubilee still surrounding them, Charles and Camilla, William and Kate — together with cousins including Zara and Beatrice and their offspring — know there is no time to waste." The columnist referenced Prince Louis' animated display during the celebrations including on the balcony at the Trooping of the Colour.   The four-year-old could be seen covering his ears and making faces during the flypast. Karren also reacted to Prince William being spotted selling The Big Issue on Wednesday. The second in line to the throne was in Rochester Row not far from Buckingham Palace, standing on the side of the road with a homeless person. A picture posted on LinkedIn shows the Duke of Cambridge in a red waistcoat worn by Big Issue sellers, and a red cap. DON'T MISS... Demi Rose puts on an eye-popping display in VERY tiny bikini[LATEST]Dan Walker's daughter taken to A&E as he laments at 'four hour wait'[TWITTER]Donny Osmond's wife rushed to singer's aid after 'terrible bout'[EXCLUSIVE] More recently, it has been claimed the royals plan on hosting a special episode of Strictly Come Dancing from Buckingham Palace. Karren said: "The Queen must take a back seat. "She even had to pull out of going to her beloved Derby — although according to Zara she watched the event at home in her 'comfy clothes'." Her Majesty was absent from some events during the Jubilee, including Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral and the Platinum Jubilee party held at the palace. "And now, although we may not see her, I am sure The Queen is pulling the strings for the rest of The Firm, in comfy clothes and on a comfy sofa, to ensure one day she leaves behind a Royal Family that will live on for years to come," Karren finished. 