Even though she did not yet have any children of her own, sister Beth knew how important motherhood was. So she gave her own eggs to her sister, which then enabled her to give birth to her much longed for daughter Dillon. Now the sisters have written a book together, which was published last month, about their unusual shared path to motherhood. Mrs Igo, 39, who lives with husband Karl, said: ‘It was awful having to see Beth go through the pain of the egg retrieval process just for me. ‘She was 15 when she first offered to give me her eggs, when I had just found out I couldn’t have children. ‘I said no at first because of what she would have to go through, but Beth was insistent for years and now she has given me the ultimate gift.’ Doctors discovered when she was just 14 that Mrs Igo had been born no ovaries, which came as a great shock. She said: ‘Mum came with me to have tests and when they told me I had no ovaries and I would never be able to have children of my own, I was utterly devastated. ‘We had never imagined it would be anything as awful as this. It had a great effect on me for years afterwards, it affected my confidence and I had depression.’ Her sister Beth stepped forward to offer her eggs when she was just 16, and eventually at the age of 22 she underwent the procedure. Mrs Igo said: ‘My husband Karl and I had started talking about IVF, and Beth she definitely wanted to help us. She’s incredible and so selfless that she humbles me. ‘I wasn’t sure at first - Beth didn’t have any children of her own, and if she can’t end up having her own children then that still worries me. ‘But Beth was adamant that she wanted to help, and eventually that, together with my desire to have a family meant that we went ahead.’ Beth’s eggs were taken out by doctors in summer 2016. They were fertilised with Karl’s sperm and the embryo was put into Mrs Igo’s womb. Heartbreakingly it did not work, but they tried again in January 2017, and amazingly it worked. Mrs Igo said: ‘We couldn’t believe it that I was actually pregnant. After all these years of thinking I would never be a mum, it was finally going to happen. It was the most amazing news.’ Tragedy nearly struck when she was 12 weeks pregnant and tests showed that her unborn baby had a high risk of a chromosome abnormality and the doctors suggested she may want to terminate. She said: ‘We couldn’t accept that we may lose her, so we paid for more tests which then thankfully showed that the baby was fine.’ Dillon was born in October 2017, and was perfectly healthy, much to the couple’s relief. Mrs Igo said: ‘It was an incredibly special moment when Dillon was placed into our arms. I couldn’t believe that I was a mum at last and it was all thanks to my sister.’ The sisters have now written a book called Hetty the Hen who Couldn’t Lay, about their experience together to give Mrs Igo her daughter. It was published last month. Mrs Igo added: ‘Doing the book together was incredibly special too. Hopefully it will help other families going through the same thing, and also it will be lovely for Dillon to read when she is older too. ‘To see Beth and Dillon together is so special to me. She is such a great auntie to her, and they have an incredible bond.’