The Earl and Countess of Wessex met staff their families serving for the British Forces in Cyprus in the visit on Tuesday, June 22. Pictures showed eager schoolchildren waving the Union Jack as the pair spent time chatting with them. They were also seen meeting staff in uniforms who serve at the British base.  Sophie Wessex and Prince Edward, the youngest child of the Queen, were photographed as they cut the ribbon to officially open the new bowling alley on site. Prince Edward is 14th in line to the British throne. Sophie donned a stunning all-white dress paired with navy wedges, while the Earl wore a checked grey blazer, paired with a pink shirt and off-white trousers. Writing on Twitter, the RAF Akrotiri said: “Today we had the pleasure of hosting the Earl and Countess of Wessex.  The Royal couple met personnel and their families serving in @bfcyprus. They even took the time to officially open our new bowling alley.” The Earl and Countess of Wessex were on a three-day tour of Cyprus, stopping off at the Dhekelia Operations Centre as part of it. Their trip is designed to “celebrate the ties of friendship” between the UK and fellow Commonwealth state, as well as to show support for the British Armed Forces based overseas.  READ MORE: 'So deeply appreciated' Meghan sends 'moving' tribute to US mums Sophie and Prince Edward were welcomed by President Anastasiades and the First Lady at the Presidential Palace in Nicosia. The couple continued the celebrations for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee at a reception hosted by the British High Commissioner to Cyprus. Recognising the UK’s contribution to the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus (UNFICYP) is also on the agenda, with a visit planned to the UN Buffer Zone to hear more about the wider UN mission in Cyprus. As a champion of the UN’s Women, Peace and Security agenda, the Countess also met women and young people from across the island, including the Cypriot members of the Women Mediators Across the Commonwealth network.  DON'T MISS:Lammy unveils new Labour Brexit plot to scupper Boris's deal [INSIGHT]'Sickening' dog attack as pet mauled in broad daylight [POCTURES]Cost of living crisis sends price of Lurpak soaring to £5 [ANALYSIS] Prince Edward also met students from across the island who are working towards their Duke of Edinburgh’s Award. Sophie’s wardrobe while in Cyprus has become a talking point for many as people compliment the Countess for her fashion sense. On day one she was spotted wearing a beautiful polka-dot flowing dress, paired with two bracelets and a tan clutch bag. She dressed it down as she opted for loose fitting patterned trousers and white wedges, paired with a tan blazer for her visit to the Dhekelia Operations Centre where she was seen playing with school children. And fans were quick to compliment her white belted dress and sunglasses she wore as she met military personnel and their families as she thanked them for their work. 