Tottenham boss Antonio Conte may have to delve even further into the transfer market given the backlog in the Premier League fixtures that were released on Thursday. Having qualified for the Champions League, the Lilywhites have a hard run of fixtures which could prove detrimental. The north London outfit qualified for the Champions League ahead of their local rivals Arsenal towards the tail end of last season. That alone will bring about more lucrative offers, makes the club more attractive for potential targets and boosts the club's reputation - everything Daniel Levy will have wanted after building the club's new stadium. However, with the World Cup in winter, fixtures are heavily condensed; meaning that squad fatigue will be imperative to their chances. With one of the league's smallest squads, Conte will have to look ahead as he aims to rebuild for the upcoming season. And having admitted he wishes to bring in a multitude of signings, he may have to add to that given the difficulty of the fixtures that await them. In between their Champions League fixtures, Spurs have a particularly hard set of fixtures. Trips to Manchester City and Manchester United are on the horizon, whilst tough trips to Arsenal, Leeds and Newcastle are also nigh for Antonio Conte's men. With Leicester, Brighton, Everton and Liverpool also set to make their way to north London in and around the first few months of the season, the Italian's squad could look rather threadbare with injuries and suspensions added to the fold. Overall, Conte has previously said he wishes to add six signings on top of the two he has already made in Fraser Forster and Ivan Perisic. But that could be added to having seen the trickiness of the fixtures that await the club in a hectic pre-World Cup schedule. With Harry Kane, Son Heung-min and Dejan Kulusevski as the main front three, Spurs are already looking for an attacker as per their interest in Richarlison. But even if the Brazilian does join, Lucas Moura and Steven Bergwijn alone may not provide adequate backup to their star-studded attacking starters. If one of the duo decides to leave, more pressure will be put on the main quartet - especially with the World Cup, in which they will all feature bar Kulusevski. Another position that may need to be boosted in terms of squad depth is centre-back. Cristian Romero, Eric Dier, Ben Davies and Davinson Sanchez are all first-team quality, but with the Colombian and Japhet Tanganga potentially departing, a potential addition may need to be looked at, especially with the packed schedule. Gleison Bremer of Torino has been linked after being named Serie A Defender of the Year last season, and he could join Spurs' South American contingency at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. However, other targets may be pursued with other clubs likely to be on the hunt for the Brazilian star.