Arsenal have reportedly told Ajax they’re willing to spend £25million on Lisandro Martinez this summer. However, the Gunners face a fight when it comes to landing the centre-back this summer. And that’s because Manchester United, who are now managed by Erik ten Hag, are preparing an offer for the player behind the scenes. Arsenal saw Ben White and Gabriel shine under Mikel Arteta last season, with the duo offering solidarity in front of Aaron Ramsdale between the sticks. But with Arteta determined to steer the Gunners into the Champions League, the Spaniard is eyeing reinforcements to boost his side’s chances of finishing in the top four. It recently emerged that Arsenal were keen on landing Martinez, who impressed as Ajax retained their Eredivisie title last term. Now, De Telegraaf claim the Gunners told Ajax they were willing to spend ‘£25m’ on securing the player’s signature. In the end, they didn’t submit an official offer. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But they may now live to regret their actions with Manchester United on the prowl for the 24-year-old, too. It’s stated that Ten Hag, who managed the player for three years in Amsterdam, is interested in a reunion over at Old Trafford. And United are now ‘preparing an offer’ for the Argentina international, who featured in 24 of Ajax’s league matches last term. The Red Devils will, however, have to spend more than £25m if they’re to bring the South American to the Premier League. The publication states that, if United do bid for Martinez, Ajax will have to seriously consider their offer. What could work in the Red Devils’ favour is their good relationship with their Dutch counterparts. United negotiated with Ajax in order to appoint Ten Hag, with the Dutchman becoming the club’s fifth permanent manager since Sir Alex Ferguson’s departure in 2013. In 2020, the Red Devils were able to broker Donny van de Beek’s arrival - with Ajax refusing to stand in the way of the player. And, previously, United and their Dutch counterparts have held two separate negotiations involving Daley Blind. While Arsenal want Martinez, they’ve chosen to back down after it was made clear the Eredivisie side didn’t want to sell their prized asset. But United’s need is arguably greatest. Harry Maguire has waned over the past 12 months, with the England international facing a huge fight to get back into the team. Raphael Varane didn’t have the best first season at the club, with injuries regularly preventing him from taking to the field. Victor Lindelof has long been inconsistent, while Eric Bailly, Axel Tuanzebe and Phil Jones will be allowed to leave if suitable offers arrive for the trio. Arsenal, meanwhile, also want to sign Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City. The Brazil international is a priority target for Arteta, who knows all about the Samba star having coached him at the Etihad Stadium. And Gunners icon Ray Parlour recently urged his old side to sign Jesus, imploring them to give the City striker the salary he wants. “I should imagine they could (pay Jesus’s wages),” said the Arsenal legend. “Lacazette was probably on £200k-a-week. That’s top of their list, from Edu, to get the right man in. “That would be a statement from Arsenal if they can get the right man in.”