Flies can be a nuisance in the home, carrying unpleasant bacteria, such as E.coli onto the surfaces they come in contact with. While keeping doors and windows closed in the warm weather is not an option, there are plenty of quick remedies you can use to keep flies to a minimum. Here are some of the most effective ways to reduce the number of flies swarming your property during the heatwave. Flies will seek out food and sweet drinks in the heat of summer, leaving plenty of opportunity for them to ruin your time at home or in the garden. While these pesky insects can be persistent and annoying, getting rid of them is also important to keep yourself protected from nasty bacteria and disease. Paul Blackhurst, head of technical academy at Rentokil Pest Control said: “Flies are one of the UK’s most common causes of food poisoning so it is particularly important to protect food preparation and dining areas in your home.” READ MORE: Cleaning: Paint roller hack leaves windows ‘sparkling in minutes’ Bugs hate strong scents like mint, lemongrass and lavender - all of which can be found in the form of essential oils. Polly Shearer, cleaning expert at Tap Warehouse said: “You can create your own natural fly deterrent spray by adding a few drops of any of these oils to water in a spray bottle. “We recommend lavender so the spray will also leave your kitchen smelling fresh.” Simply mix the liquids together and spritz this fragrant spray around your kitchen throughout the day. This will also work on outdoor furniture cushions and tablecloths to stop flies from ruining your BBQ too. Fruit flies are attracted to the carbon dioxide in fizzy drinks, as well as the sweetness of the sugar. To avoid any unwanted creatures in your kitchen, it is best to keep your fridge stocked up and avoid cluttering counters or tables with the sweet drinks. If any spillages occur, be sure to wipe them up straight away to avoid stickiness attracting more flies. Finding the time to do the dishes can be hard when you’re busy enjoying the sun, but leaving dirty plates to pile up could quickly see your kitchen infested with flies Instead, try to wash dishes or stack them into a dishwasher as soon as possible to prevent flies from contaminating your crockery with bacteria - or worse, laying eggs on them. DON'T MISS:Get rid of mosquitos in the house this summer using common herb [INSIGHT]Use penny trick as a ‘cost-effective’ way to deter bugs from gardens [REVEAL]‘Best way’ to ‘kill’ fungus gnats on houseplants using kitchen staple [ANALYSIS] Polly said: “Whatever you put in your bin will rot. However, this process speeds up during the summer months due to warmer weather. “This will attract flies, insects and maggots, so it’s important to clean and empty your bin more frequently during summer.” Baking soda is the perfect ingredient for keeping your bin smelling fresh and moisture-free - but how should you use it? Simply sprinkle undiluted baking soda into the bottom of your bin before putting in a new bin bag. The baking soda should absorb any smells and liquids that leak out of the bag, keeping flies at bay. Flies like to lay eggs in places with warmer temperatures, which is why you should not leave leftovers uncovered while they cool down. Instead, Polly recommended placing the leftovers in a bag or tub that can be fully sealed to prevent flies from touching the food. Food waste is a big problem when it comes to household pests, especially if your kitchen has fruit flies. Keep these nuisance bugs away from fresh food by distracting them with a glass of apple cider vinegar. This cheap remedy can be poured into a glass and covered with pierced cling film to trap the small flies. Once you have collected a handful, let them free outside of your home. Polly added: “It’s also important to store your fruit in the fridge to prevent flies from returning.”