Serena Williams joked that she is “currently out of office” as she prepares to make her singles comeback at Wimbledon. And the American superstar and businesswomen did not rule out returning next year - or looking to buy another English football club. The former world No 1 slipped on Centre Court in the first round last year and only returned to action playing doubles in Eastbourne last week. Asked when she decided to return, the 40-year-old said: “I didn't retire. I just needed to heal physically, mentally. And I had no plans, to be honest. I just didn't know when I would come back. I didn't know how I would come back. Obviously Wimbledon is such a great place to be, and it just kind of worked out.I don't know exactly when, but it was some time ago. Definitely not weeks. It was before the French Open.” Asked if she will be back next year, she added: “I don't know. I can only tell you that I'm here. Who knows where I'll pop up next. You just got to be ready. MUST READ: Rafael Nadal's coach gives injury update after Spaniard beaten twice ahead of Wimbledon Williams’ investment company was part of a consortium interested in buying Chelsea along with Lewis Hamilton. “A part of me feels like that is a little bit more of my life now than tournaments,” she smiled. “When you do have a venture company, you do have to go all in. It definitely takes literally all my extra time. And it's fun. I'm currently out of office for the next few weeks, so if you email me, you'll get the nice 'out of office' reply. Everyone knows that I'll be back in a few weeks. But it's good. I absolutely love what I do. I love investing in companies.” DON'T MISS Emma Raducanu cancels Wimbledon practice session but fears over Brit's injury played down Jodie Burrage and fellow Brits 'inspiring' each other for Wimbledon after Raducanu success Andy Murray sends 'exciting' warning to Wimbledon rivals as Brit confident of making final Williams is already an investor in the Los Angeles women’s team Angel City - and she is open to buying more. “I'm an investor,” she said. “Whenever an opportunity comes, I'll always have a piqued interest, and particular in sports. I think I always have a natural love for sport.” Williams will face France’s world No.113 Harmony Tan in the first round. 