The Beatle, 79, was knighted by the Queen in 1997, and shared a picture on Instagram of himself with her, taken the year before he was honoured, as he congratulated her on her 70-year reign. Sir Paul commented: "70 beautiful years of Queen Elizabeth the second. Congrats ma'am! And thanks - Paul." Former England midfielder Beckham hailed the Queen's reign as "remarkable" and wrote on Instagram: "Today, we celebrate our Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Seventy years of service and inspirational leadership of our country. Let's come together and commemorate her remarkable reign with a great British party these next few days."Spice Girl Geri Halliwell shared two posts on Instagram to commemorate the occasion. Among the pictures shared by Halliwell was one of her alongside her fellow Spice Girl bandmates - Victoria Beckham, Emma Bunton, Mel B and Mel C - from 1997, when they met the monarch at the Royal Variety Performance.The quintet had performed as part of the show, staged at London's Victoria Palace Theatre, in celebration of the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh's Golden Wedding Anniversary.Penny Lancaster shared a photo showing husband, Sir Rod Stewart in front of the gates at Buckingham Palace, ahead of him performing as part of Saturday night's Party at the Palace concert, to be broadcast on BBC One. She captioned the picture: "Excitement and nervous for Saturday night #partyatthepalace". Sir Rod, given a knighthood in the 2016 Honours list, said previously of performing at the concert: "Queen Elizabeth has given incredible service to the United Kingdom over the last 70 years and I'm delighted to be able to join her in celebrating her Platinum Jubilee with the Party at the Palace. She has demonstrated to the world what a special person she is and how lucky we are to have her. This will be a momentous occasion." Other names on the bill for the concert include Queen + Adam Lambert, who will open the concert, while Diana Ross will close the event, in what will be her first UK live performance in 15 years.Dame Julie Andrews and actress and singer Sheridan Smith have shared messages of congratulations for the Queen to mark her Platinum Jubilee. The Sound of Music's Dame Julie said in a video message shown on the BBC: "Your Majesty, I well remember the beautiful radio speech you gave on your 21st birthday. "You pledged yourself in service to the people of Britain and the Commonwealth, and I feel that in all the years since you have never betrayed that promise. I would like to say my warmest congratulations to you, Ma'am. And thank you." Journalist and television presenter Piers Morgan tweeted a picture of him shaking the Queen’s hand, commenting: “Happy Platinum Jubilee, Your Majesty! I’m honoured to remain your humble & (occasionally) obedient servant. What a reign, what a magnificent lady.”