Richard Osman decided to step away from the long-running BBC game show Pointless after almost 13 years earlier this year. Although he will no longer be a staple of the TV daytime show, he is set to still co-host Pointless Celebrities and his BBC Two quiz show, Richard Osman's House of Games. Richard appeared on Tuesday's BBC Breakfast to share his excitement about being able to play the game and not just host it. Richard has sat alongside Alexander Armstrong for over a decade as the presenting duo have put both celebrities and members of the public through their paces during the BBC show. With the dust settling from the news of his departure, he is now able to see the quiz show through fresh eyes. BBC host Sally Nugent asked: "What is it going to be like to watch someone else do that job?" Richard replied: "Do you know what? It's actually going to be lovely." Read More: 'Where's Tom Jones?' Viewers torn as Diana Ross closes Jubilee concert As the man with all the answers on the show, he has not been able to take a guess at the answer for the 26 seasons and 15 celebrity specials of the show. He continued: "I'm the only person in Britain who doesn't really get to play along with Pointless because I'm sitting there with the answer and I know I've got to talk about the scores and all that stuff." Although he has stepped away from the show, he will still be spotted in a few outings of the show over the coming weeks. "I think the new ones are going to be on quite soon, I've filmed my last ones already," he concluded.  "The idea that I can watch and actually play along and guess at the answers… they've got amazing, amazing people replacing me, so I'm really looking forward to it." Several celebrities have already been listed to take the coveted quiz show chair on the show. BBC have revealed the stars jumping into his spot include Sally Lindsay, Alex Brooker, Lauren Laverne, Stephen Mangan, Konnie Huq and Ed Gamble. His decision to leave the show will also free up some more time for him to work on his writing. DON’T MISS…Sharon Osbourne brands Johnny Depp’s defamation trial ‘ugly’ after attending his concert [LATEST]Coronation Street’s Ken Barlow star addresses retirements plans ‘It’s how you feel’ [LATEST]‘Wounds are very raw’ Meghan and Harry ‘unlikely’ to return to UK in near future [LATEST]     Richard's debut novel The Thursday Murder Club was published in 2020 and became a bestseller. Global film rights were also purchased by Steven Spielberg’s production company Amblin Entertainment. He added: “I’ve done it for 12 years. I love it, I love Alexander, I love working with him. “The books are taking me around the world, that is the truth, I have to sort of put all my efforts into it. “And so I was going to get to the stage where I wasn’t going to be able to put enough effort into it. And you know, if you’re making a TV show, you’ve got to give 100 percent of yourself the whole time. And I sort of thought, I don’t know if I’ve got the time to do it.    