London rivals Tottenham and Chelsea share the same objective this summer of wanting to sign a forward. However, they will both have to turn their attention away from Inter Milan forward Lautaro Martinez now that he has been reunited with Romelu Lukaku. After an unsuccessful return to Stamford Bridge, the Blues decided to try and get Lukaku’s career back on track by allowing him to go back out on loan to Inter. It was there, under Antonio Conte, that the Belgium international thrived and earned himself the £97.5million return to the Premier League. However, it has come at a significant cost for Chelsea. Lukaku flourished when leading the Inter line with Martinez, who has now revealed his desire to remain with the club this summer despite interest from the Blues and Spurs. The Argentina international scored 21 in 25 Serie A appearances last season, capturing the attention of several top sides. But now that he is back alongside his preferred strike partner, Martinez’s agent has said that his client will not be moving elsewhere in the immediate future. JUST IN: Man Utd to bolster Erik ten Hag transfer budget as '£11m Fulham agreement struck' He told La Gazzetta dello Sport: “There’s a link between them, that’s evident. Wearing this shirt isn’t for everyone. “It’s a great thing. Lautaro is happy in Milan, he feels like he’s at the centre of things, he’s loved. Why would we want to leave? To where? We’re already at the top.” READ MORE William Saliba's outlook on Arsenal talks as Mikel Arteta looks to fend off MarseilleNewcastle willing to make 'monster offer' for Arsenal and Man Utd striker targetArsenal may have two Gabriel Jesus problems even with striker set to join in £45m deal  Chelsea have been linked with numerous attacking talents so far this summer, with new owner Todd Boehly appearing keen to showcase what he can bring to the table. Manchester City’s Raheem Sterling and Leeds’ Raphinha are both being targeted by the Blues, whilst the club are also reportedly waiting to hear whether Ousmane Dembele will be heading to Stamford Bridge as a free agent or extend his contract with Barcelona. Spurs, on the other hand, look to have already found their Martinez alternative as they have reached an agreement in principle with Everton over Richarlison, says The Athletic. The Brazilian is expected to be a versatile option across the frontline and should provide some top-quality cover for striker Harry Kane, which has been lacking in North London for several years.