Heather Watson faces an agonising wait before resuming her second round match at Wimbledon after bad light stopped play with her leading Wang Qiang 7-5 5-4. Watson, 30, seemed certain to reach the third round for the first time since 2017 when she served for the match, only for Qiang to break before the umpire called the players off. It means that Watson, whose match on the opening day against Tamara Korpatsch rolled into Tuesday, is set to be involved in singles action on each of the opening four days of the tournament. And she'll return to Court 18 tomorrow feeling she should already have sealed her passage through. Wildcard Ryan Peniston was unable to replicate is form of the opening round, where he beat Henri Laaksonen in straight sets to claim a first ever Grand Slam win. The 26-year old was largely outplayed by American opponent Steve Johnson, with the serve of the world No 93 proving the dominant factor as he went through 6-3 6-2 6-4. It has still been a breakthrough summer for Peniston, who overcame being diagnosed with cancer as a child, having reached the quarter-finals at Eastbourne, Queen's and Nottingham. And the British No 6 received a deserved standing ovation as he left Court 3. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic confirms talks to join Federer, Nadal and Murray at Laver Cup Meanwhile, Harriet Dart became the 10th British player to reach the second round of Wimbledon with a 6-1 6-4 win over Rebeka Masarova, in a match postponed from Tuesday. It means the best home performance in the singles at Wimbledon since 1984. World No 94 Dart, 25, who will now play eighth seed Jessica Pegula on Court 2 on Thursday, said she was "really pleased" with how she dealt with the occasion. As for her clash with Pegula, she said: "I'm very excited for the match, to see where my level is at. She's one of the best players in the world at the moment. I expect a really tough match." DON'T MISS:Andy Murray sent ominous warning ahead of Wimbledon clash - 'Like paint drying'Wimbledon fan grilled by security during Emma Raducanu clash on Centre CourtJohn McEnroe admits to having 'sleeping troubles' at Wimbledon because of Sue Barker news  Two British players will be on the show courts tomorrow, with Jack Draper third up on Court 1 when he plays 19th seed Alex di Minaur. But on Centre Court, Katie Boulter will open things up at 1.30pm when she faces Karolina Pliskova. Elsewhere, Liam Broady will play on Court 3 against Diego Schwartzman, whilst Alastair Gray takes on Taylor Fritz on Court 12.