The Hargreeves family returned for another unpredictable adventure in June, this time to try and take down an alternate version of the team known as The Sparrow Academy. In the Netflix drama’s third season, The Umbrella Academy somehow managed to end up on top again, but the strange new universe they now found themselves in could hold some sinister surprises if the family returns for a fourth season. Viktor (played by Elliot Page), Luther (Tom Hopper) and the rest of the Hargreeves could have to face off against their own brother, according to a glaring pattern spotted by Umbrella Academy fans. At the end of the kooky superhero drama’s latest instalment, the siblings reset the universe after it was consumed by the destructive Kugelblitz. The team thankfully make it out alive with their memories intact, but they soon realise their sister Allison (Emmy Raver-Lampman) and Luther’s fiancé Sloane (Genesis Rodriguez) are nowhere to be seen and their powers have disappeared. To make matters worse, Reginald Hargreeves (Colm Feore) may have been killed in the previous timeline, but a new version of their abusive father seems to have taken over the entire city. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret Season four is still yet to be officially confirmed by Netflix, but the latest theories suggest Klaus (Robert Sheehan) could turn evil after Allison’s dark turn in season three. Now Allison has reunited with her husband and daughter, the Hargreeves will need another threat to take care of in their next adventure. Throughout season three, Klaus began to warm to their father when he started to help train his resurrection abilities after admitting to his neglect. Although Reginald quickly reverted back to his deceitful ways, Klaus’ newfound mortality could drive him back to his father in an attempt to bring back his abilities. Fans have also spotted a revealing pattern within the series which could be hinting at Klaus becoming the show’s next major antagonist. Reddit user Reddidnothingwrong recently posted: “Season one: Luther was f*****g awful, especially to Viktor. “Season two: Diego was an absolute f*****g idiot. Season three: Allison was an absolute monster.” In each season, one of the Hargreeves has sparked a backlash from fans, particularly Allison’s behaviour towards Luther and Viktor in the latest outing. DON'T MISS:James Corden sent Late Late Show bosses warning over stunt [VIDEO]The View fans demand ‘out of touch’ Whoopi Goldberg be fired [REACTION]Queer as Folk star reveals ‘hardest scene to film’ [EXCLUSIVE] If the trend continues, Klaus could be the next sibling to betray the team somehow when they start to explore their mysterious new universe in season four. “Is there any chance they're coordinating this intentionally?” the post continued. “Could Klaus somehow be the bad guy in season four? I find that hard to imagine since Klaus is incredibly lovable for a reason and consequently a fan favourite. “But if the trend keeps up I could see him inadvertently ruining everything for everyone somehow.” Klaus has already demonstrated his fair share of issues throughout the series and even began his own cult when he and the family travelled back to the 1960s. Could he be the next Hargreeves to turn his back on the family for a chance to win back his immortality? For now, The Umbrella Academy is still awaiting official word from Netflix on a fourth season, but its strong performance should give fans plenty of hope for its eventual return. The Umbrella Academy seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Netflix.