Harriet (Katherine Dow Blyton) has made some huge changes to her life recently on Emmerdale and earlier this week, she hinted she was on the lookout for love. Meanwhile, her neighbour Nicola King (Nicola Wheeler) was attacked and is now struggling with coming to terms to what happened to her. Jimmy King (Nick Miles) is doing everything he can to be there for his wife but following Thursday night's episode of the ITV soap, it seems he could be looking for comfort from the police officer. The episode began with Nicola discovering her daughter had seen the video in which she was being attacked by a group of teenage girls. Livid with her husband Jimmy, she demanded to know why he wasn't doing more to support her, despite him already doing everything he could. "I've been attacked. They know who I am, where I live and where are you when I need you? Fetching crumpets," she remarked. "You're upset, I get that," he replied, taking the knock but his wife added: "No child should have to see their mother getting beaten up. "Harriet said she would get it taken down," she continued with her husband offering to talk to the police officer to see if anything further could be done. READ MORE: 'What right does she have?' Fergie's support for Prince Andrew slammed Nicola was taking no prisoners as she told Jimmy: "No I will do it. When have you ever been capable of doing anything properly? "Just go to work," she continued, with her husband going on to say: "I've taken the day off to look after you." "I don't need looking after, I just want to be left alone. You're no use to me, go away," she remarked, with Jimmy finally walking out on his wife. As the episode continued, Nicola's loved ones told her how harsh she had been with her other half and told her how much he was doing to support her. With the beloved character finally starting to realise how hostile she had been towards Jimmy, Harriet entered the picture. As part of the investigation into the attack, she just had some follow-up questions for Nicola and proceeded to ask them. It seems she is going to be spending a lot more time with the Kings as she tries to find the girls who attacked her neighbour. Once she left, it was just Jimmy and Nicola left, making small talk with one another so another argument didn't ensue. "Don't make them like you anymore, do they?" Jimmy said, trying his best to comfort his wife without getting his head bit off. "That's probably a good thing," she replied with a smile on her face. DON'T MISS...Charley Webb fears getting into trouble as she teases new role [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock left emotional by Corrie star's declaration [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Leanna flashes taut abs in tiny crop top amid exit [PICTURES] "Tell you what, let's forget about tea tonight. Let's go out tonight, all of us, family treat," Jimmy said as he tried to continue this positive vibe between him and his wife. "I would love to but it's probably too soon," she continued, trying to make some excuse not to leave the house at all. "You probably think I'm being soft," she added, to which her spouse said: "Of course not, it was a daft idea." "It really wasn't. When I get back to normal, whatever normal is, we will go out," she promised, with her husband full of glee. "Already looking forward to it," he said before leaving the scene and viewers saw Nicola's face as it was full of dread. In the coming weeks, as Nicola's trauma continues to play havoc on her mind, she could end up forgetting about the meal out with Jimmy. As he feels more pushed out than ever before and begins to feel rejected by his wife, he could end up looking for company elsewhere. With Harriet having been a regular person in his life since Nicola's attack, he could enjoy a drink with her down at the pub. Wanting to feel like himself again, he could end up drinking too much and with Harriet drunk as well they could both end up at hers. Letting their emotions take over, they could end up spending the night together but they might not think it's a mistake in the morning. Having known each other for years and knowing both of them are good people, they could decide they want to keep up the affair. The two characters could find it easier to meet up as Nicola refuses to leave the house, meaning it will be harder for her to catch them. As she is so wrapped up in her own trauma, Nicola might not realise how much time her husband is spending away from home. Will Jimmy be forced to admit the truth to his spouse or will this affair run for months to come? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.