Golf star Grayson Murray let out a furious outburst during the final round of the US Open, hurling his putter before snapping his club in a moment of madness from the 28-year-old. The chaos began on the par four seventh, after the American carded a catastrophic quadruple bogey eight. As a result, Murray was less than pleased with his implosion and hurled his putter after making his way off the green. This was only the start for the 28-year-old though, as things did not get any easier in the testing Brookline conditions. A triple bogey seven then followed on the par four ninth two holes later but it was the following 10th that saw his next club attack. After finding the fairway, Murray then dragged his approach shot into the green wide into the rough, and it is fair to say he was not best pleased. Following his wayward strike, the American trudged over to his bag, before deciding the best course of action would be to crash his mid iron over his leg, to leave it broken in two. Murray's Sunday to forget left the PGA Tour player nine-over through 11 holes, leaving him rock bottom of the US Open leaderboard on 17-over-par for the tournament. Murray will no doubt face action for his outburst post-round, most likely in the form of a fine by the United States Golf Association (USGA). Following his club toss, former Tour player  and Sky Sports commentator Nick Dougherty had no sympathies for the American, commenting live on air: "Enjoy the fine, Grayson." Dougherty's thoughts were echoed by golf fans watching on, with the implosion a widely debated conversation on social media. One Twitter user - @DoogidGolf - labelled the American star a disgrace, tweeting: "I'm totally with you in your anti-slow play campaign, but that axe-throw is totally out of order. Absolutely disgraceful." Another fan - @Mysteron_Voice - felt just fining Murray for his actions was not enough, as they commented: "Never mind the fine for Grayson Murray, that should be an instant DQ ..." However some did see the funny side as Twitter user - @PinaColada765 - added "If I was the director of @SkySportsGolf I’d have the camera on @GraysonMurray, marvellous entertainment." Since his club attack things have not got any easier for the 28-year-old, as his torrid afternoon at Brookline continues. Murray has gone on to add another bogey at 10, 11 and 13, leaving him 10-over-par for the day and an 18-over for the week.