Tracy (played by Kate Ford) has been dealing with her daughter Amy Barlow's (Elle Mulvaney) love life recently on Coronation Street as she hasn't been told pleased the young woman has started dating Jacob Hay (Jack James Ryan). However, she has been willing to give the former drug dealer the benefit of the doubt after hearing how much he has struggled without his parents in his life. The mother of one knows all too well what it's like to have supportive parents by your side and this is why she could fear her father Ken Barlow (William Roache) could be lured into a trap as his former lover Wendy Papadopoulos (Roberta Kerr) reappears in his life on the ITV soap. It will be a blast from the past when Ken catches sight of Wendy back on the cobbles, who will turn up as part of Abi Franklin's (Sally Carman) ongoing storyline. The former Weatherfield resident will turn out to be a social worker who is assessing whether baby Alfie can be returned to his mother following Imran Habeeb's (Charlie De Melo) death. Although she will be a source of support to the mechanic, it seems not everyone will be pleased to see her face again. None more so than Tracy, who still holds a grudge against Wendy for being the reason her mother Deirdre Barlow (Anne Kirkbride) and Ken got divorced the first time around. However, she could take action to make sure the returnee doesn't get her claws into Ken once more as it seems he could fall for her again. READ MORE: Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting Ken hasn't had a love interest since he left Claudia Colby (Rula Lenska) on her own to live at Still Waters retirement home without him. Instead, he has been busy helping his family where he can, whether that means putting a roof over Tracy's head or taking on childcare duties for Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard). Therefore, when Wendy reappears and reminds him of his younger days as a lothario of Weatherfield, he could ask her out on a date. As they get talking, they could fill in the gaps in each other's lives and discover they are both seeking company at the moment. Tracy would not want this possible romance to go any further as she wouldn't want Wendy of all people to be a prospective stepmother. Seeing red and wanting to avenge her mother after all these years, Tracy could decide she is going to claim another victim. The mother of one could do it in such a way the evidence doesn't contact her back to the crime, making Wendy's death look like a freak accident. Of course, Ken would be heartbroken as once again, his chances of love would have been cruelly snatched away from him. However, Tracy would be delighted to see her father wants to focus more on the family again instead of his love life. With the flair for mischief and madness resurfacing in her, will Tracy embrace her villainous nature and become the vixen of the cobbles once more? DON'T MISS...Coronation Street star Alex Bain in hospital update after injury [COMMENT]Coronation Street's Harriet Bibby on 'important' storyline [COMMENT]Corrie star Adam Rickitt's wife Katy bids farewell to ITV colleague [COMMENT] The actress who plays Wendy, Roberta, has spoken about her character's relationship with Tracy and teased there could be trouble on the horizon. Roberta explained of Wendy discovering her case will take her back to the cobbles: "Once Wendy realises where Abi lives, that’s a real issue for her. "She’s even wondering if that’ll be ok. It’s a tricky one because it was so awkward the way her relationship with Ken ended before. "Tracy is not going to let Wendy get back in Ken’s life, is she? Kate and I have done one of those scenes with verbal sparring and that was great. "It will be interesting because there’s the slight complication of Tracy and Abi being friends, so that’s another aspect." "We’ll have to see how that plays out," she continued before talking about what it was like to be back in the role after 10 years. "It’s great, fantastic. It’s a completely different place, of course, because the last time I was here, it was 2012 and it was before they moved. "It’s very, very new," she added before discussing how a new audience will be introduced to Wendy, having possibly seen her in the classic Coronation Street episodes airing on ITV3. "Yes, it’s quite low key at the moment. It’s an interesting storyline, very different from how it was previously. "I have just done a play, last week, and there were some people who came up to me afterwards and they obviously do watch the classic episodes, so they were particularly excited. "I hadn’t thought of that and hadn’t realised that was happening. It did quite take me by surprise," the actress added. Viewers have been taking to Twitter to share their reactions to Wendy's return, with Christopher stating: "I am a million times more excited about a Wendy Crozier return than I am about a week of “chaos and carnage #Corrie." Ken added: "#Corrie @itvcorrie So Wendy Crozier is coming back.... Spider Nugent is coming back...... Audrey's son Stephen is coming back...When is Carole Evans coming back to the Weatherfield Arms @debbiearnold1?" "What the f**k Toyah and Imran? Oh no anyways, give us Wendy ‘flaming’ Crozier! #Corrie," Owen posted on the social media platform. However, how will fans feel if Wendy is sensationally killed off? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.