Prince Harry returned to the royal fold for the Queen's Jubilee celebrations - but his and Meghan Markle's relegated seats were a telling sign of their change in status. Far across the aisle from the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Harry and Meghan sat in the second row, behind the Wessex family and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester. This has sparked Harry to rethink his royal title, royal expert Neil Sean has claimed. Speaking on his YouTube channel, Mr Sean said: "Prince Harry was very vocal about being trapped within the British monarchy. "He claimed that he was living in a goldfish bowl which is really conflicting when he wanted to dash over for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations to make sure that he was seen. "It's very difficult when your paymasters like Netflix and Spotify, you're a celebrity, not a royal. "Apparently he's not gone off in a bit of a huff because of the way he was treated at the Platinum Jubilee. READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'hoped to reconcile with Kate' for children to bond "Prince Harry think that perhaps it may be a good idea to relinquish the titles that so many people are going on about. "Perhaps as individual, he knows that they could never take away the title Prince Harry that's his birthright." Working royals filled the front-row chairs, meaning there was no place there for Harry and Meghan in the prime positions. They no longer use their HRH styles and the event was their first public appearance alongside the Windsors since they stepped down as senior royals two years ago amid the Megxit storm. They did however make a solo procession, holding each other's hand, down the nave of St Paul's Cathedral, after the rest of the mass of more than 40 royals and before future king Charles and the Cambridges. They were personally escorted by Lieutenant Colonel Sir Alexander Matheson of Matheson, the Queen's Senior Gentleman Usher. With little happening at grand choreographed royal occasions by chance, it appeared to be a recognition of Harry's place as sixth in line and a former spare to the heir and of the way things used to be. Meghan, in an elegant Dior trench coat and matching hat, smiled as she walked through the church, while Harry bit his lip at times, while also nodding greetings to members of the congregation. DON'T MISS Kate and William send 'direct message' to Meghan and Harry [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew 'causing almighty row' as aides [VIDEO]Kate and Meghan 'right in step' with royal Jubilee memo [ANALYSIS] Just over a year ago, Harry and Meghan accused an unnamed member of the royal family, not the Queen nor the Duke of Edinburgh, of racism and painted the monarchy as an uncaring institution in their controversial Oprah interview. Kate was publicly singled out by Meghan for allegedly making her cry in the run-up to her wedding. Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall meanwhile greeted William and Kate by blowing them a kiss as they met at the West Entrance. Former BBC royal correspondent Peter Hunt reflected: "For the briefest of moments, Harry and Meghan were back being active Windsors.