During the first week of the invasion of Ukraine, Russian President Vladimir Putin placed his strategic nuclear weapons forces on high alert, prompting the first real fear that the conflict could soon transform into one of global destruction. That reality has not yet happened, and current rhetoric indicates that Putin is less likely to use the weapons with each day that the failing invasion continues. But it has not stopped speculation; neither has it stopped Russian TV commentators regularly discussing how quickly Moscow could crush a US or UK city with weapons such as a Sarmat intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM). Talk has moved away from larger nuclear weapons to battlefield artillery, namely tactical nukes, often used to thoroughly suppress a belligerent force holding out in an area. But as recently as late May, Russia's ambassador to the UK said he did not believe his country would use such weapons in the war against Ukraine. An ambassador openly talking about this in an interview — in this instance with the BBC — marks a notable shift in the way generals, officials, and military top brass think about nuclear weapons: they have moved from theory to the world of tangible threat. This was a theme explored in The Economist's recent briefing on the war, titled, 'Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has eroded the nuclear taboo', in which it noted that while the war "is unlikely to go nuclear [...] it is increasing the risk that future conflicts will". Back in the Forties and the Fifties, when a nuclear attack was within recent memory, the use of such weapons, as the publication notes, was "seen as the mark of a barbarian". Throughout the following decades and into the Cold War, the US and Soviet Russia would regularly exchange verbal blows in a game of nuclear tit-for-tat, the closest they came to all-out war coming in 1962 — the Cuban Missile Crisis — when the two superpowers manoeuvred their nuclear weapons in compromising positions. While today’s conflict is notably different, the promise of nuclear weapons as a looming threat remains widespread and common. Dmitry Kiselvov, a presenter on the Russian state-owned TV channel, Russia-1, recently noted that it would take "just one launch, Boris and England is gone." JUST IN: Putin humiliated as MILLIONS of Russians evade internet crackdown Kiselvov was talking about an ICBM heading for the UK, and later a Poseidon thermonuclear torpedo, that would "having passed over the British Isles, will turn whatever might be left of them into a radioactive desert", this message likely reaching millions of Russians and whoever might be watching in the Kremlin. Dr Ninna Tannenwald, a political scientist at Brown University who wrote about the dissolving "nuclear taboo" in 1999, told The Economist that Kiselyov's bravado was not unique, but had in fact become widespread: "Every few days, some Russian official is making explicit nuclear threats." Yet those officials have also expressed fears over the relaxed way in which figures in the country are talking about nuclear war, like Boris Bondarev. In May, he resigned from his post as a Russian diplomat because of the invasion, in his leaving statement describing the war as "a crime against the Ukrainian people" and "the people of Russia," adding that he could no longer continue in his 20-year career because he was unable to share in this bloody, witless and absolutely needless ignominy". Speaking to The New York Times, he said he feared the revelry in open talk about nuclear war he witnessed from his colleagues. He said: "They think that if you hit some village in America with a nuclear strike, then the Americans will immediately get scared and run to beg for mercy on their knees. DON'T MISS Putin 'quite a weak player' as Russia expert exposes pivotal mistake [REPORT] Russia let ball drop as Ukraine secure advantage in the south  [INSIGHT] Angela Merkel defends record on Putin in face of Ukraine war [ANALYSIS] "That’s how many of our people think, and I fear that this is the line that they are passing along to Moscow.” After the US dropped two atomic bombs on Japan in 1945, the United Nations convened the following year to establish a Commission dealing with the problems related to the discovery of atomic energy and how it could seriously damage civilisation. With the exception of the Cold War, it is generally considered to have worked, but in terms of arms control, pacts on putting an end to developing weapons between the US and Russia increasingly faded, and reflect what we see today. So, in an already uncertain environment, The Economist notes that the "invasion of Ukraine has torn further holes in this ragged fabric". Since February many European nations have made unprecedented steps towards what could be viewed as armament, in the event that Russia does encroach on any NATO or EU members that it borders. NATO itself has seen a regeneration like never before, with countries reversing trends and pledging millions in investment. Even nations like Germany — famously relectuant to ramp-up its defence spending — have promised to revive their military capabilities. But while Russia is the latest proponent of the nuclear strongman rhetoric, it is not the only country to have thrown its weight behind its nuclear capabilities. In the last decade, North Korea's Kim Jong-un has regularly put on displays attempting to prove that it has nuclear power to match any — something which experts say is debatable. While former US President Donald Trump eventually made history by meeting with Kim, he was initially standoffish and threatened North Korea with "fire and fury like the world has never seen" in response to its testing of an ICBM that could reach the US in 2017. North Korea watchers have since suggested that the country could be emboldened by Russia's blasé use of the nuclear threat in Ukraine to accelerate its own programme. Noting that North Korea was "not well equipped for a war," Dr Sojin Lim, a North Korea expert, told the Metro: "That is why for Kim Jong-un, his nuclear programme is the only strategy for survival and for him it has now become even more critical. "Russia’s war in Ukraine doesn’t seem to be a good influence for North Korea, from our point of view. "It confirmed the partnership between Western forces and the weakness of the Russian military compared to its own image. "Because of that, it became clear to North Korea that nuclear weapons are the only way they can compete."