Lorraine, 62, discussed the disgraced royal with expert Russell Myers, who told ITV viewers about the Prince's latest snub after he remained out of sight during the Garter Day procession. The ITV presenter explained that while the Duke of York has maintained his innocence over the sexual assault allegations from Virginia Giuffre, he is "guilty" of being "arrogant, unpleasant" and has "a severe lack of self-awareness".  Prince Andrew has always categorically denied the allegations made against him by Ms Giuffre - reaching an out of court settlement earlier this year. Lorraine's comments came following reports that Prince Charles and Prince William lobbied the Queen for Andrew to stay out of the public eye during the Garter Day celebrations. The "family decision" was put in place during the Windsor Castle ceremony. During the event, Prince Andrew wasn't seen alongside the rest of the Royal Family. Talking to Russell, Lorraine commented: "I think there's only going to be one winner there, isn't there?  READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Hope returns as he takes revenge on Samson "He's not going to go quietly though Andrew, is he? "I mean as we must say, he's always maintained his innocence, I guess he's not guilty of anything other than being very arrogant, unpleasant and having a lack of awareness," she said, pulling no punches. Looking stunned at the thought, Lorraine added: "The lack of self-awareness is breathtaking! "But he spends a lot of time with the Queen, doesn't he? He's been spending a lot of time with her.  "And I guess you have to be really careful, all the family have to be really careful because they don't want to really upset the Queen at this stage in her life." The 96-year-old monarch didn't join the procession due to her mobility issues. She later joined the celebrations for the lunch and the investiture ceremony. Taking place at St George's Chapel on Monday, the three new members installed included the Duchess of Cornwall, Valerie Amos and Sir Tony Blair, who was appointed as a knight companion of the order. DON'T MISS... Eamonn Holmes shares worrying health update upon GB News return [LATEST]Richard Madeley grills Liz Truss over Rwanda asylum plan 'Contradicts' [VIDEO]Susanna Reid fights tears as Grenfell firefighter recalls tragedy [INTERVIEW] The event would have been the first time the Duke of York appeared at a public event since he attended Prince Philip's memorial in March. His appearance led to much debate and controversy after he escorted the Queen during the service. His absence signifies the ongoing troubles within the Royal Family since Andrew's reputation came under question following his alleged involvement in the sexual assault civil case. Royal commentator Richard Eden recently called for the Duke of York to be removed as Counsellor of State.  Andrew continues to hold the role, which means they can deputise for the Queen, along with Prince Charles and Prince William. Mr Eden's demand comes after reports the Duke of York wants his royal status "reinstated, recognised and respected". The Daily Mail's diary editor tweeted: "This sense of entitlement emphasises why #PrinceAndrew and his nephew #PrinceHarry should be stripped of their roles as two of the Queen’s four Counsellors of State without delay." Lorraine airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.