“High cholesterol does not directly cause any physical symptoms, and the only way to find out if your cholesterol is too high is to have a blood test,” said Hussain Abdeh, a pharmacist from Medicine Direct. “However, secondary symptoms can occur as a by-product of high cholesterol.” The expert explained that impotency and yellow growths on the skin could point to high levels. Mr Abdeh said: “Men with high cholesterol may experience impotency due to their blood cholesterol levels being too high. “Impotency can happen for a wide range of reasons, such as stress, anxiety, illness, and alcohol. “If you are regularly having difficulty getting an erection, it may be that your arteries have too much cholesterol.” READ MORE: Type 2 diabetes: Two feelings in the eyes that could signal advancing blood sugar ‘damage' The Boston Medical Group shared that this sign comes down to “bad” cholesterol - the culprit known for hiking your risk of heart problems and strokes. Too much of this cholesterol type creates arterial plaques that damage and block blood flow. This blockage will leave you with an “inadequate” circulation of blood throughout your body, including your genital area. This can lead to erectile dysfunction, the health portal warns.  The Boston Medical Group adds: “The higher your LDL [low-density lipoprotein] levels, the more likely [you are] to develop erection problems and severe cases lead to impotence. “Also, high cholesterol can make the body more difficult to produce the necessary chemicals to create an erection.” Another sign that can affect all adults is so-called xanthomas. Mr Abdeh said: “High levels of cholesterol can also cause xanthomas, which are soft, yellow growths on the skin.” This condition occurs when certain fats pile up underneath the surface of your skin. The Mount Sinai Health System reports that xanthomas can vary in size, presenting as small growths or ones bigger than three inches. When it comes to the location of these skin signs, they might crop up anywhere on your body. But they are “most often” seen on your elbows, joints, tendons, knees, hands, feet, or buttocks. With xanthomas, you are looking for a few individual yellow to orange papules or a cluster. Mr Abdeh urged everyone to get these signs checked as blood test remains the most reliable way of confirming your cholesterol levels. He said: “If you notice yellow growths or lesions on your skin, it may be a sign that you have high cholesterol, so it is best to get them checked out by a doctor. “Similarly, if you are finding it a struggle to gain or maintain an erection, this could be a sign of high cholesterol and should be discussed with a doctor.”