Queen Elizabeth II, 96, will attend the Epsom Derby race this afternoon, where the monarch, a keen equestrian, will be greeted by her past and present jockeys with a guard of honour. Later today, the monarch’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations to mark her 70-year reign will continue with an open-air concert put on by the BBC, starring huge names from Queen + Adam Lambert to Diana Ross. Since coming to the throne in 1952 the Queen has been praised for the grace and poise with which she has dispatched her royal duties. The landlord recalled serving Her majesty in the recent Channel 5 documentary ‘Secrets of the Royal Palaces’. He told the programme: “We served her tea and then later on she called and said she wanted an evening meal. “So, I had to take the order, go down to the kitchen, prepare it, take it upstairs and serve her. “Obviously it was not like being in Buckingham Palace. “We did our best. Whatever she wanted, we did. She ordered from the menu. I suggested what she wanted. “We provided, we served her, and she ate and that is it.” Despite serving the Queen, Roberto has never revealed whether Her Majesty tucked into a pie, sausage and mash, or another pub favourite. He told the documentary: “I know what she had, but I never told anybody.” The year after Roberto’s royal encounter, he told The New York Times that he “couldn’t believe anyone would be out in that weather”. A member of the Queen’s security team said to him: “I wish to inform you that Her Majesty the Queen is outside. Could you accommodate her too?” DON'T MISS:Princess Eugenie in shock move to Portugal as Harry and Meghan prepare for Frogmore return [LATEST]Prince Andrew is living 'high life' during his visits to Queen at Windsor Castle [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: ​​Should Meghan and Harry appear on balcony during Jubilee? [ANALYSIS] Roberto’s wife, Heather, revealed to The Times what Her Majesty wore during her stay at the B&B. She said: “'I must have been the only woman who ever received the Queen in her old blue jeans and sweatshirt. “We didn't have time to be nervous or fuss. I just made her a cup of tea and prepared the table for her to eat.” The Queen quietly went through a back door of the hotel to her room so she could avoid other visitors. Former royal protection officer Colin Tebbutt who was travelling with the monarch remembered how he ordered the staff to accommodate Her Majesty. Speaking for the Channel 5 show, he said: “There was a man sweeping the steps. “I took out my warrant card and said who I was and what I was doing and that I did not want any backchat.” ‘Secrets of the Royal Palaces’ is available to stream on My5.