Eadgifu of Wessex (played by Sonya Cassidy) instantly became a key player when she joined the cast of The Last Kingdom in season five as the third wife of King Edward (Timothy Innes). Now BBC Two and Netflix’s epic mediaeval tale has just about wrapped up, main cast member Timothy has rained compliments on the newcomer’s impressive performance for the final instalment. Timothy has dubbed Sonya a “blessing” for both himself and his character King Edward in the final season of The Last Kingdom. Having become king at a very young age, Timothy first established the main difference between Edward in the fourth season compared to the final episodes. “In season four, the main characteristic he had was pain,” he explained. “He was suffering from a lot of pain, which is inherent to responsibility on your shoulders.” READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Hope returns as he takes revenge on Samson “People want power… this show is [about] people who are craving power.” The English actor had no small task when he returned for season four to depict Edward’s uneasy first years as king after his ascension at the end of season three. Despite beginning the fifth season in peacetime, the King of Wessex and Uhtred of Bebbanburg (Alexander Dreymon) nevertheless had a number of threats to deal with to ensure the kingdoms remained intact. Timothy told the Screen Chronicles podcast: “This kid who is the king has the power and he doesn’t know what to do with it.” “And he’s feeling overwhelmed by the fact that he is alone in this feeling. “He can’t trust anyone, and so he’s carrying this physicality… you can say it in my shoulders and the tension that I’m holding in season four.” Thankfully, Sonya’s introduction as his new wife Eadgifu ensured he wasn’t facing the battle alone this time around. “And season five… he’s in his element,” the Last Kingdom star went on. DON'T MISS:Law and Order’s Anthony Anderson’s replacement confirmed [LATEST]Stranger Things plot hole: Creators admit major Will mistake [BLUNDER]Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly tried to axe Beth’s wedding dress [INSIGHT] “It’s peacetime at the beginning, so he’s in his element. He thinks and solves problems. “And then he falls in love! It’s a love story for Edward. “[Eadgifu is] played beautifully by Sonya Cassidy, who is absolutely an incredible person to work with, and a blessing. “And from then on it’s navigating how love and this new sense of energy and authority that he brings because he is inspired by this woman that he has absolutely fallen in love with, but trusts entirely.” Upon her arrival in the second episode of the final season, it’s practically love at first sight for Edward when Eadgifu comes to court to petition for the return of her stolen lands. She later prepares to flee Wessex when she reveals herself to be pregnant, but Edward takes it as a sign from God and calls for their marriage. Eadgifu ultimately survived having four children with Edward, and the fate of her character remains intact for a possible return in future. Much of the cast are expected to return alongside series lead Alexander for the upcoming film Seven Kings Must Die, though an official cast list is yet to be announced. The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix. Seven Kings Must Die will be released in 2023.