Tim Henman has labelled Andy Murray’s use of the underarm serve as “strange” and “shocking” as the Brit channelled his inner Nick Kyrgios during his Wimbledon first-round win over James Duckworth. Murray has defended his use of the shot but Henman believes the Scot got lucky with his serve. “I haven’t seen it much from Andy,” Henman said during the BBC’s coverage of Wimbledon.” In my opinion it is such a shocking tactic, especially on a grass court, you’re inviting someone to come forward. “If your opponent is standing so far behind the baseline then you might feel like it is the opportunity to hit a drop shot. But for me personally, someone who likes to come to the net, I think it is a pretty strange tactic but Andy did seem to get away with it.” After Murray had broken Duckworth in the third set, he was 15-0 up and caught the Wimbledon audience by surprise by using the underarm serve. Duckworth was able to return the shot but Murray’s lob caught his opponent by surprise and the 35-year-old held his serve. JUST IN: Top 20 memorable Wimbledon moments - including Andy Murray's 2013 win Murray went on to defeat Duckworth 4-6 6-3 6-2 6-4 in two hours and 43 minutes under a closed roof on Centre Court to keep up his record of never losing in the first round at Wimbledon. The SW19 crowd enjoyed the shot but other players have not received such a warm reception in the past, and Kyrgios has previously been booed for his trademark serve. "He changed his return position. That's why I did it," Murray explained. "He was standing very close to return. He was struggling a little bit on the first-serve return, so he stepped probably two meters further back. As soon as I saw him step further back, I threw the underarm serve in. DON'T MISS  "I personally have no issue with players using it. I never have. Certainly more and more players have started returning from further, further behind the baseline now to give themselves an advantage to return. The underarm serve is a way of saying, If you're going to step back there, then I'm going to possibly throw that in. "I don't know why people have ever found it potentially disrespectful or... I don't know. I've never understood that. It's a legitimate way of serving.” John McEnroe was one of the many surprised at Murray’s use of the serve, as the pundit said “Is this Kyrgios or Murray?” on commentary during the match. "I did not expect that," McEnroe added. "I don't think I have ever seen that from Murray. Wow. Nick will be loving this if he is watching it, which he will be. He's spreading it, everyone will be doing it."