These strikes are a mistake of monumental proportions. They will serve only to hurt a nation desperately trying to recover from the consequences of the pandemic and lockdowns, and the railway industry and those who work in it.  The hospitality sector already on its knees and worried about how it will survive is set to lose half a billion pounds this week due to the strikes; pupils, devastated by lockdowns, and anxious about their exams - the first in two years - will be distraught; and people booked in for hospital appointments nervously wondering if they can get there are either hastily trying to rearrange or forking out hundreds of pounds on taxi fares. Mark my words, this is a nail in the coffin for those dinosaurs at the top of trade unions. If they wanted to help their workers and get the public onside they wouldn't be striking, they would be looking to get a pay rise by productivity gains from ending their outdated and inefficient working practices which resemble something from Carry On At Your Convenience.  No, this strike was never about helping the workers and the public, this is about settling old scores, it's about bringing the country to its knees in order to remove a government they don't like. Given that the Labour Party under Jeremy Corbyn couldn't do it at the ballot box, and not having much faith in Keir Starmer - who incidentally doesn't know if he supports the strikes or not - they have decided to take matters into their own hands. They've even brought Arthur Scargill on to the picket lines to help. I weep for the workers led by these has-been union negotiators. They deserve better. It's true they need help with the cost of living, but an industry with falling revenues and customer numbers needs its workers to pull together and get their customers back on board, not push them further away. The Government cannot give in to these union bully boy tactics and must hold firm.  Since the lockdowns I have become a huge fan of musicals. Two years of not getting out has made me doubly determined to get to sing-alongs whenever I can, which always lift my mood. This week I went to see Tina: The Tina Turner Musical at the Aldwych Theatre in London. One of life's survivors Tina battled her way to the top, but one battle even she couldn't win was the rail strike leaving theatres across London this week with depleted audiences. At precisely the time we all need a pick-me-up, the strike has deprived many of that, and locked us all down again. Let's get moving, let's get singing and let's get living again.   At A time when the country has no money and the Government is putting its hand down the sofa to try to find more, it has decided to write a blank cheque for HS2. A budget that started as £37.5billion (now at £150billion) got a resounding majority on Monday in the Commons with 205 MPs voting for this waste of money and only eight against. How depressing, there are only eight MPs who can spot a white elephant when they see one!  Acting  has been "hijacked" by people from "exceptionally privileged backgrounds", historian Lipika Pelham claims. Eton educated Eddie Redmayne and royal connected Benedict Cumberbatch, take all the parts, even the workingclass ones. I wonder why that is seen as fine in the acting community whereas many say heterosexual actors shouldn't play gay roles - Tom Hanks is the latest, saying if he was offered his part in Philadelphia now he wouldn't take it. I thought the point of acting was just that - playing the part of someone else, so I would rather we lost the politically correct identity politics altogether.