Manchester United may end up missing out on Frenkie de Jong following comments made by their chief executive. Red Devils supremo Richard Arnold sat down with a number of the club's supporters on Saturday and told them the money is there to spend in the transfer market this summer. Barcelona star De Jong is the No 1 midfield target for new United boss Erik ten Hag. Barca are holding out for £70million but United are ready to walk away if the La Liga club do not agree to sell for a lower fee. But, in an extraordinary video shared on social media, Arnold has told a few supporters finances are not a problem when it comes to new signings in this window. He said: "For this summer, the money the manager and the director of football [John Murtough] wants is there." After hearing that, Barca could end up holding out for their full asking price for De Jong. United could then turn their back on the deal and look elsewhere. READ MORE: Ronaldo has ‘approved’ Man Utd signing but now the Glazers need to act  Barca are open to selling the majority of their first-team squad due to their continued financial issues. De Jong is seen as one of their most valuable assets and his sale could help Xavi bring in a number of his own transfer targets. De Jong knows Ten Hag well, having worked under him for a couple of seasons at former club Ajax. Ex-Ajax midfielder Marciano Vink claimed earlier this month that United would be the perfect move for De Jong. Vink told ESPN FC: "I know Frenkie a little bit and he is an eager player. He wants to prove himself. "He is not satisfied with his role, he is not satisfied with his performance at Barcelona. For sure he wants to do better and he wants to prove to everybody that he's the right man. DON'T MISSArsenal 'set for £70million transfer spree' as Mikel Arteta gives green light to two dealsChelsea plot Barcelona revenge as Blues eye exciting talent 'ready to quit club'Arsenal could beat Barcelona to Raphinha transfer despite 'full agreement'  "For me it's a no-brainer to go to Man United and link up again with your former manager and just give Man United a new face. I do believe that Man United is going to be the place where he can develop and also help Man United get back to where they belong. "He is a special player, he's a guy who can dribble, who can put players on the wrong foot, he can create situations. He is a leader and I do believe that Man United is lacking leaders. "Of course they have great players but leaders besides [Cristiano] Ronaldo, I don't see them. You need somebody to make the transition from defence to midfield and start directing the player."  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here