Liverpool are reportedly ready to sanction the sale of Mohamed Salah in the same transfer window as Sadio Mane's departure, in what would be a remarkable development. Club owners FSG are ready to cash in on Salah as he enters the final 12 months of his contract at Anfield, with Real Madrid heavily linked after missing out on Kylian Mbappe and Erling Haaland. An offer worth £60million is understood to be enough to persuade Liverpool to offload the 30-year-old forward. So who could the Reds look at to replace Salah if he completes a blockbuster switch away this summer? Express Sport runs through four potential options... Raphinha is the subject of a transfer battle between London rivals Arsenal, Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur amid Barcelona's struggles to afford him this summer. The Brazilian winger is also left-footed and operates on the same flank as Salah, so a Liverpool approach would make sense. Leeds are understood to value Raphinha at no less than £65m, a fee Salah's sale would ultimately help fund. But with at least three top Premier League clubs already vying for his signature, Liverpool may have to move fast to lure him from Elland Road. JUST IN: Chelsea poised for shock Cristiano Ronaldo swoop Marco Asensio looks set to leave Real Madrid as a free agent on July 1, which could prompt Liverpool to make a play even if Salah stays. The 26-year-old is another left-footer plying his trade on the right and could naturally succeed Salah if he leaves Merseyside in 12 months' time. Asensio boasts versatility that could attract Klopp, capable of playing on the left as well as in attacking midfield. If he does, in fact, become available on a free transfer next week, Liverpool could view a prime opportunity for a low-risk/high-sense deal. Liverpool recruited one of Porto's star players in January to boost their quadruple bid, and they could return to Lisbon for another this summer. Otavio is right-footed but naturally features on the right and is also capable of providing cover down the left. However, the 27-year-old doesn't possess the goalscoring nature Salah does and is more of a creative winger - registering three goals and 13 assists in the Primeira Liga last season. Consider Otavio somewhat of a wildcard pick. READ MORE: Glazers face fresh Man Utd anger with protest at Ten Hag's first game With Serge Gnabry potentially on the market this summer, Liverpool could join Arsenal in the hunt. The 26-year-old's contract talks have stalled at Bayern Munich, and his experience playing at the highest level with an installed winning mentality would undoubtedly make him an enticing option. Bayern chief Hasan Salihamidzic has revealed the club are struggling to tie Gnabry down to a new deal. He said: "We will intensify the talks over the next few weeks. But if a player doesn't want to decide for the club then it's only fair to tell us so that we can find a solution that makes everyone happy." Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here