Depending on their destination, flyers may be on a plane for between an hour and the best part of a day. Giorgos Mouratidis from Stasher, a luggage storage network, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about his top tips for eating on board. Giorgos started: "If I had to share just one travel tip to make your life easier, especially during long haul flights, it is to always sort out your own food before boarding the plane." As long as it adheres to the airline's regulations, passengers are permitted to bring food through airport security. But why doesn't Giorgos recommend the food served in-flight? "Gone are the days when airlines provided hearty meals to passengers." READ MORE: Cruise tips: Jane McDonald shares her vital packing advice "Nowadays it’s all about cost-effectiveness and food was the first off the menu (see what I did there?). "Anyway, either pack some stuff to bring with you on board, or at the very least, buy something from an airport restaurant." While Giorgos admitted the second option may be "expensive", it is still "cheaper than buying inside the plane". For those watching their waistlines, the travel enthusiast revealed it is also "much healthier". He continued: "Although I am not super old, I still remember flying before low-cost companies disrupted the market. "First of all, for flights longer than four hours, you were guaranteed a free, (mostly) cooked meal." One airline, in particular, stood out to him. "Aegean Airlines (the top carrier in Greece and one of my most used airlines) used to serve you a dish of your choice, with a side of bread, crackers, butter, cream cheese and a dessert. "Now it’s a measly sandwich with stale bread and the thinnest slice of ham imaginable." Giorgos' solution is to wake up a little earlier to prepare a meal to bring on the plane. Failing that, he treats himself to something from the various restaurants at the airport. But if a holidaymaker is left with no other option and has to eat aeroplane food, Giorgos offered one final tip. "I would never eat seafood on a flight," he said. "Risking food poisoning during a flight is no bueno..." In a TikTok video discussing the same concept, flight attendant Kat Kamalani told travellers one product to steer clear of on board. "Never consume any liquid that is not in a can or a bottle. "The reason being is because those water tanks are never cleaned." Speaking about her and her fellow crew members' experience, she said: "We rarely, rarely drink the coffee or tea." Giorgos Mouratidis is digital marketing lead at Stasher.com and head editor of NewYorkCityInformer.com.