NBC’s hit thrilling series The Blacklist follows fugitive Raymond ‘Red’ Reddington (played by James Spader) after he chose to work with the FBI to take down deadly criminals. As the team worked to capture a terrorist, fans noticed a major plot hole with the location of the episode.  During the 2017 episode, Red received exclusive intel which provided information on an international terrorist, which saw the agents travel to England. Viewers were also introduced to Ilyas Surkov. who was believed to be the culprit behind the bombing of a chemical plant in Leeds. However, the task force was faced with a huge issue as Red confirmed it couldn’t have been Surkov as he had been dead for 15 months. Nevertheless, agents Liz Keen (Megan Boone) and Donald Ressler (Diego Klattenhoff) travelled to the northern city to investigate. READ MORE: NCIS’ Michael Weatherly announces new venture after Bull As a result, the Task Force believed Tobias Reuther (Boris McGiver), the head of the agents, was the terrorist working under Surkov’s name, which led Liz and Red to discover Reuther’s next target was a military ship docked in the shipyards. Reuther, whose real name was Osterman, revealed CIA Director Cox (Fredric Lehne) was the one ordering the terrorist attacks. They came face to face when Osterman tried to shoot a man he claimed was carrying a bomb, however, Liz shot him before he got the chance. As the agents worked to get things under control at the shipyard, fans spotted a factual error with the location. Taking to the movie mistakes forum, the viewer shared: “Norfolk Naval Base is located on completely flat terrain and the areas around the base are devoid of trees in all directions for miles. “The scene shows the ship with a tree-filled hillside across the water, obviously the scene was not shot in Norfolk, VA.” This was a major error as the Naval Station Norfolk is the world's largest naval station with over four miles of waterfront space. DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald sparks frenzy with 'exciting' career announcement [INSIGHT] The Blacklist continuity error: Red and Dembe scene had helmet blunder [BLUNDER]The Blacklist's James Spader was almost replaced by Hollywood A-lister [INSIGHT] As the base is home to the largest concentration of U.S. Navy forces with 75 ships, 134 aircraft, 14 piers and 11 aircraft hangars, it's unlikely there would be a tree-filled hillside. Although this was a factual error, only viewers who knew about the location of the naval base would have been distracted by the blunder. However, having recently wrapped up its ninth season, it's likely the series will have the occasional blunder whether it be more factual errors or a continuity mistake. This is often a result of the high pressures that come with filming as re-shooting scenes can be a logistical nightmare. Thankfully for fans, The Blacklist will be returning to screens with a 10th season after it announced its renewal news in February. Actor James Spader announced the news during his appearance on the Tonight Show starring Jimmy Fallon. He told the talk show host: “We just got picked up just this afternoon, everyone was hustling around to try and do it, so we could announce it on the show.” The upcoming instalment is expected to land in 2023. The Blacklist is available to watch on NBC in America and Amazon Prime Video in the UK.