Toyota is recalling 2,700 bZ4X electric SUVs over wheels that could detach while driving. The Japanese automaker is warning owners not to drive their vehicles until the problem is fixed. On Friday, Toyota said the cause was still under investigation, but the whole wheel could come off, risking a crash. "Until the remedy is available, no one should drive these vehicles," the company said in a statement. The recall comes less than two months after the car was launched in Japan. Car maker, Subaru, also says it will recall 403 electric cars it developed with Toyota for the same reason. READ MORE: Martin Lewis tells drivers how to find the cheapest fuel The statement continued: "If a wheel detaches from the vehicle while driving, it could result in a loss of vehicle control, increasing the risk of a crash." Toyota said it had notified Japanese safety regulators about the defect on Thursday and the cause of the issue was "still under investigation," as reported by the BBC. The car was only available on lease in Japan "to eliminate customer concerns regarding residual battery performance, maintenance and residual value," Toyota said earlier this year. This week, the company said it would cut the number of vehicles it plans to produce next month by 50,000 to 800,000 because of a shortage of computer chips and supply disruptions caused by the pandemic. Although Toyota currently aims to manufacture a total of 9.7m vehicles around the world this year, it has signalled that it may be forced to lower that number. The bZ4X vehicles produced between March and June went on sale about two months ago and are a key model in Toyota’s plans to strengthen its electric lineup. Toyota is planning to have 30 EV models by 2030, selling 3.5 million electric vehicles globally that year. Toyota is also investing 2 trillion yen ($17.6 billion) in battery research and development to achieve such goals. The ‘bz’ in the recalled model’s name stands for a ‘beyond zero’ series, including sport-utility vehicles of all sizes, pickup trucks and sportscars, according to Toyota. The maker of the Prius hybrid and Lexus luxury models has been seen by some critics as a straggler in pushing electric vehicles, reported Metro. Demand for electric cars is expected to continue growing, especially with gas prices soaring recently, amid worries about inflation and the war in Ukraine. This weekend, Express.co.uk reported on how a thief failed to steal a £55,000 Range Rover and instead opted for a £15,000 Toyota Yaris. He left a London family terrified in the process. The father of the family slammed the car thief who broke into his house and stole the Yaris and £7,000 worth of gold jewellery. The criminal entered the house while Mohammad Haque’s family were peacefully sleeping in their beds. The 44-year-old father claimed that the thief was unable to steal the Range Rover as they couldn’t figure out how to use the gearbox. The thief was also caught on a Ring doorbell camera system with their face fully visible. However, according to Mr Haque, the police have done nothing.