This comes after the US Supreme Court overturned Roe v. Wade, threatening the rights of women in America to access abortions. The Duchess of Sussex called on people to "channel" their fear and anger over the decision into "something that makes a difference". Speaking ahead of the mid-term elections in November, Meghan said: "We have to vote, every time". The Duchess of Sussex made the comments in a conversation with feminist campaigner Gloria Steinem for Vogue magazine. Referring to the overturning of Roe v. Wade, she said: "This is having a very real impact on women’s bodies and lives starting now. "Women are already sharing stories of how their physical safety is being put in danger. "Women with resources will travel to get an abortion, those without might attempt to give themselves one at tremendous risk. "Some will have to source abortion pills from unregulated pharmacies. "Others who are pregnant and find themselves in a medical emergency will be at the mercy of doctors and lawyers to determine if a procedure that is needed to save her life can even be done at all. "What does this tell women? "It tells us that our physical safety doesn’t matter, and as a result that we don’t matter. But we do. Women matter." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan finally breaks silence on 'anger' at US She added: "When you have anger, you have to channel that energy into something that makes a difference. "That’s what activism is. It’s about how we show up. "It feels like the tip of the iceberg and is part of why people feel so scared. "We have to channel that fear into action. We can start this November in the midterms. DON'T MISS: Royal: Harry 'unhappy' despite Meghan attempts at perfect LA life [INSIGHT] Meghan and Harry begged not to do second interview [REVEAL] Queen savagely attacked online as calls for 'Scottish Republic' erupt [REACTION] "I know hearing that feels so repetitive, but we have to vote, every time, from local elections to state and national elections." Abortion was made legal in 1973 across the US after a landmark Supreme Court ruling, known as Roe v. Wade. The ruling was overturned earlier this week. As many as 26 conservative US states are now expected to introduce new abortion restrictions or bans. In the lead-up to the 2020 US elections, Meghan also urged Americans to vote. Speaking in a video for 2020 Time 100, the Duchess said: "Every four years we are told the same thing that this is the most important election of our lifetime. "But this one is. "When we vote, our values are put into action and our voices are heard, your voice is a reminder that you matter, because you do, and you deserve to be heard."