Whether it’s between the tiles in your bathroom or growing on a patch of ceiling, mould is a common problem which thrives in humid environments. Although there are plenty of chemical cleaners promising to combat mould in the home, many people are moving away from chemicals and trying to use all-natural cleaning solutions. White vinegar is one of these natural cleaners thanks to its high acidity. Vinegar is able to kill some household bacteria, dissolve hard-water deposits, and cut through build-ups of grime. The liquid is also said to work in battling some types of household mould. Posting in a Reddit forum dedicated to mould-busting solutions, one user hailed white vinegar as their go-to. READ MORE: Top five summer bulbs to plant now: 'Perfect for growing in pots' The user, posting under the name RBF_01, said: “A great way to stop mould is using white vinegar. “Spray it all over the affected areas, let it dry and wash it off with water, making sure you dry it properly after. “I’ve never had it come back after I did this.” According to experts from Healthline: “Vinegar has antifungal and antibacterial properties, and it can be a cheap and effective treatment for many types of mould.” DON'T MISS‘Essential’ way to help ‘thicken’ grass and maintain ‘fabulous’ lawn [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share £1 ‘game-changing’ hack to unblock sinks [INSIGHT]Top 10 UK city ‘hotspots’ where ‘competition’ is increasing [REPORT] However, it is the acidity level of the vinegar you are using which makes a difference. Household white vinegar contains somewhere between five to eight percent acetic acid. Acetic acid is the key ingredient able to “disrupt” the growth of a range of fungi and other microorganisms. Research has found that white vinegar is able to remove some household moulds, although it can not kill off every single type of mould. According to a 2015 study, vinegar of around four percent acetic was found to be effective at treating penicillium chrysogenum but not Aspergillus fumigatus, both of which are common household moulds. Before trying to combat mould growth using white vinegar, it is important to tackle the cause of the mould otherwise it will simply return.