One in seven 65 year olds have been pushed into poverty due to the Government’s decision to raise the state pension age. The findings were published by the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS), which examined the impacts of a changing state pension age. Traditionally, the state pension age for women was 60, and 65 for men, but age equalisation was reached. However, between later 2018 and later 2020, the state pension age for both sexes rose from 65 to 66 - making retirement further off. The consequence was that approximately 700,000 Britons were forced to wait another year before they could receive the state pension. It meant these 65-year-olds missed out on state pension income of an average of £142 per week. READ MORE: Retired before 2016? You could get extra £14.48 per week As a further consequence, the reductions in state pension were found to increase the absolute income poverty rate for 65 year olds by 14 percentage points, or nearly 100,000 people. The higher state pension age was also found to influence how many people stayed in work. Approximately 60,000 more 65 year olds decided they would stay in their job and retire later. The IFS found the rise in state pension age from 65 to 66 led to larger increases in income poverty amongst those impacted, than increases in poverty rates seen following earlier rises in the female state pension age. DON'T MISSState pension blunder sees millions receive 'incorrect' amount [INSIGHT]State pension age increases could be accelerated [UPDATE]State pension could be slashed long term due to a key July change [ANALYSIS] However, the move was seen to be financially beneficial for the Government. In total, the IFS states, the increase from 65 to 66 boosted public finances by £4.9billion per year. For some experts, the findings were of great concern. Emily Andrews, Deputy Director for Work at the Centre for Ageing Better, said: “These statistics are shocking and show that the number of 65-year-olds in absolute poverty rose from one in ten before the state pension age increase to almost one in four just two years later. “The severity of this situation means it is crucial the government gets serious on improving access to work for people in their 60s. “But even if the Government can deliver this, for those who are unable to access work, the raising of the state pension age will leave them poorer – and in many cases, actually impoverished. “What this research tells us is that further increases in the state pension age must be accompanied with a holistic review of how our social security system supports us as we age.” Tom Selby, head of retirement policy at AJ Bell, added: "For those on very low incomes, increasing the state pension age by just a year can be enough to push people serious financial turmoil. “And while there are ways to replace at least part of this lost income – either via in-work benefits, from your private pension pot or by working longer – the evidence suggests lots of people are either unable or unwilling to go down this road. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “For anyone already struggling to make ends meet, missing out on thousands of pounds in pension income will inevitably force them into making painful budgeting choices in order to survive.” A Government spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “We know that older workers, including those approaching state pension age, are a huge asset to our economy while for those who can’t work, we provide a strong welfare safety net, which includes Universal Credit. “We also understand that people are struggling with rising prices which is why we have acted to protect millions of the most vulnerable through at least £1,200 of direct payments this year, and there is a wealth of additional financial support available when people reach state pension age, including Pension Credit – which unlocks an additional £650 cost of living payment for those currently claiming it - and Winter Fuel Payments."