Justice Secretary Dominic Raab joined Sky News's Kay Burley on Wednesday to address the Partygate scandal which continues to grip Westminster and threatens the position of Prime Minister Boris Johnson. Sky News's viewers expecting a grilling of the minister were left disappointing, however, as Ms Burley failed to really put Mr Raab on the spot with the pair swapping jokes and compliments. The Sky News presenter put the point to Mr Raab that Boris Johnson receiving a fine for breaking lockdown rules means he has broken the ministerial code. He told Ms Burley: "There have been examples in the past where similarly, I think Baroness Scotland, I think in 2009, she was a minister (and was fined). "The point was, she hadn't acted deliberately or intentionally, and therefore Gordon Brown took the view that the code hadn't been broken. "So I'm just saying there are precedents for this... I think it's clear from the circumstances of this particular gathering, where he turned up, was there for 10 minutes, was unaware that it was a surprise birthday cake for him, that wasn't a deliberate breach of the rules, and that's the key point." The Deputy Prime Minister said questions around whether the Prime Minister had broken the ministerial code "have been answered". Outlining why he believes Boris Johnson has not broken the ministerial code, Mr Raab told Sky News: "Lord Geidt raised that issue and the PM has responded to the letter and he's been clear that in relation to the single fixed penalty notice he hadn't intentionally broken the law and his attendance at that gathering, as has been well-rehearsed, was inadvertent. "So Lord Geidt is really important, he is a senior figure. We've actually been working for months to reinforce his role, that's been done by agreement between No 10 and Lord Geidt, but actually, I think those questions have been answered, both in general but also now specifically in the letter the PM has sent and, as I said, we're getting on with the job." The jovial exchange between the pair and Ms Burley's like of pushback on the minister's answers was not well received by some on social media. On Twitter, user Brian Jones asked: "Does Kay Burley have a crush on Dominic Raab that was the most pitiful soft interview I have witnessed. Another, Jack Bond wrote: "So sorry you missed the latest love-in interview just witnessed between Burley and Dim Raab. "It would have made you sick!" Elsewhere, jonboi75 said: I find it totally disgusting that you're both on the TV laughing and smirking about the Partygate scandal this morning. DON'T MISS:Boris Johnson LEAKED party photos in full: All four pictures of PM [IN DEPTH]Have Your Say: Does Sue Gray's report actually matter anymore? [GET INVOLVED]Piers Morgan erupts at Boris pics - 'Downing Street frat house!' [REACTION] "Total mockery of the UK British public." While user Tomsely penned: "Kay Burley Sky News, just interviewed Deputy Prime minister Dom Rabb, and you’d think she was interviewing him for a lollipop man’s job. "Laughing jokey old pals act again."