Queen's Brian May and Roger Taylor have played in front of royalty many times and famously headlined the previous 2002 Diamond Jubilee. They will play for Queen Elizabeth and her Platinum Jubilee Party tonight, opening the show with new frontman Adam Lambert. Back in 1985, the pair also sat with Charles and Diana to watch some of the biggest names in music at Live Aid, when they weren't busy stealing the entire show with their own band. But Freddie was nowhere to be seen. Why wasn't he there and what was he up to instead? In an interview with Express Online, Freddie's close friend and long-term assistant, Peter Freestone, revealed Freddie had 'better' things to do. He said: "Even at Live Aid, you see Brian May and Roger Taylor in the royal box. Freddie didn’t go. He was more interested in being with friends backstage, talking with Elton John, hanging out with his people. His friends were always the most important to him." In fact, Freddie was also busy chatting up one another very famous male star... U2 frontman Bono was backstage at Wembley Stadium with his wife Ali Stewart, who he had married in 1982, when the outrageous encounter occurred. Bono recalled: "I was walking with Ali and Freddie Mercury pulled me aside and said: ‘Oh, Bo-No….is it Bo-No or Bon-O?’ I told him, ‘It’s Bon-O’. He said, ‘Come over here with me. We’ve all been talking, Roger [Daltrey] and Pete [Townshend] and David [Bowie], and we all agree there’s no singers any more, everyone is shouting these days, but you’re a singer.’ "I was up against a wall and he put his hand on the wall and was talking to me like he was chatting up a chick. He had me laughing but I was shifting nervously at the time, with Ali and myself exchanging glances." Of course, it was all done with Freddie's usual irrepressible sense of fun and playfulness. Once he embraced his sexuality, he famously delighted in teasing others and sometimes exaggerated his behaviour for effect, off stage as much as on. Bono added: "I thought, ‘Wow, this guy’s really camp.’ I was telling somebody later and he said: ‘You’re surprised? They’re called Queen!’ But I was really amazed. It hadn’t dawned on me.” DON'T MISS'They did not turn the volume up' Queen Live Aid myth is not true e and here's whyFreddie Mercury: Sting's beautiful tribute to Queen singer and who was best at Live AidQueen's Bohemian Rhapsody lyrics - We all get the same line WRONG Freddie, of course, meant nothing by it. He was accompanied at Live aid by his partner Jim Hutton. By then his friends and peers had accepted his sexuality. Live Aid organiser Bob Geldof even joked about why the concert was the ideal platform for Queen's flamboyant superstar: "It was the perfect stage for Freddie: the whole world. And he could ponce about on stage doing We Are The Champions. How perfect could it get?" There is also an extraordinary eyewitness story emerged of a night Freddie Mercury and Princess Diana spent together in a London gay bar with the princess disguised as a man. It emerged after their deaths in 1991 and 1997, but sounds very much like the sort of adventure both would have loved...