Arsenal signing Matt Turner has again spoken out on joining the Gunners before an official announcement from the north London club of his arrival. USA goalkeeper Turner will join Arsenal from New England Revolution and likely become deputy to Aaron Ramsdale. A deal was struck between the two clubs in January for an initial fee of £4.5million, which could rise to £7.5m in add-ons. However, Arsenal are still yet to officially confirm the transfer. With Bernd Leno likely to leave this summer, Arsenal were in the market for a goalkeeper. And they have opted to sign Turner who has established himself as No 1 for USA since making his debut in 2021. Speaking this week, the 27-year-old revealed his excitement about moving to England and playing for a club of Arsenal's stature. He said: "I'm feeling good. READ MORE: Arsenal's Youri Tielemans decision hints at next two signings after Fabio Vieira transfer  "I'm feeling extremely excited, grateful obviously for this opportunity to play for such a historic club with an amazing fan base. It’s surreal so I'm looking forward to getting my boots on the ground in the UK and getting to work, not thinking of it as this like mystical foreign land and just really going over there and putting the work in because that's what I do best. "I'm going to go there and I'm going to work really, really hard. My goalkeeper coach here is from London, his family is still over there. "I have people that I can rely on, people that can hold me accountable and get together to destress a little bit. I know that I'll have people that I can rely on over there so I'm not really concerned in that matter.” It is not the first time Turner has discussed his impending move to Arsenal despite an official announcement still missing from the Gunners. Speaking in February, he said: “I always want to be able to challenge myself at the highest level I possibly can. DON'T MISSJack Wilshere picks next Arsenal signing amid Lisandro Martinez and Gabriel Jesus pursuitsChelsea make 'important bid' for Tottenham target to scupper Antonio Conte transfer plansYves Bissouma's Tottenham comments show just how close Arsenal may have come to transfer  "It’s been tough for goalkeepers to get moves. So I understand, I’m 27 and it’s something that I really want to do and really want to accomplish." Arsenal have officially announced one signing so far this summer in the shape of Brazilian youngster Marquinhos. The Gunners are also closing in on the purchase of Portuguese midfielder Fabio Vieira. Vieira underwent his medical on Friday ahead of signing a five-year contract. Arsenal will pay an initial £30m for the 22-year-old.  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here