Motorists across the UK have been warned by the police about the consequences of not wearing a seatbelt. The warning comes after a boy was spotted waving at police officers from inside a vehicle without wearing a seatbelt. The incident took place in Sheffield earlier this month. Officers from South Yorkshire Police’s Operational Support Team took to Facebook to warn drivers. They said: “Earlier this week on Tuesday, June 14, a woman was stopped in Firth Park in Sheffield for having an unrestrained child in her car. “Our officer's attention was drawn to the two-year-old child who was stood up on the back seat of the car when the little boy waved to him. READ MORE: Drivers urged to follow simple steps at the petrol station “Seat belts save lives, and securely fastened, correctly fitting car seats save the lives of children. “We're asking you to make sure your child is strapped in and safe while travelling, it's YOUR responsibility. “The driver was issued a Fixed Penalty Notice for having a child under three unrestrained. “If you're unsure, more information about car and booster seats can be found on the Government website - www.gov.uk/child-car-seats-the-rules." DON'T MISSTourist has car submerged by sea amid urgent coastguard warning [WARNING] British drivers rage over elderly man’s fine for overtaking a cyclist [REVEAL] Drivers urged to park in certain places during summer to save fuel [INSIGHT] The news comes after drivers were issued with another "life and death" warning. Motorists across the UK have been warned that their lives could be at risk as battery thieves target temporary road signs and traffic lights. According to the British Metal Recycling Association (BMRA), the problem is getting out of hand with hundreds of signs and traffic lights being affected each month. The association is now working with police to tackle the problem that “puts lives at risk”. The BMRA has warned its members to remain vigilant and look out for anyone attempting to steal batteries. The RAC added the thefts are affecting road safety. Road safety spokesperson Simon Williams said: “It’s extremely worrying that batteries are being stolen from important temporary digital signs and traffic lights as this puts lives at risk. "These signs are there to protect road workers, drivers and other road users from potential collisions, so the fact many are being put out of order because of criminality is unbelievably dangerous.” A spokeswoman for the British Metals Recycling Association added: "BMRA works very closely with the police services to help to interrupt criminal activity when it comes to all types of metal theft. "The likely reason for their theft is either reuse or for the value found in the metals contained within the batteries such as lead. "We run a metal theft alert service whereby we provide members with full details of the theft, including a picture of the stolen items.”