Everything I Know About Love comes from the mind of best-selling author and journalist Dolly Alderton. The BBC mini-series is based on Alderton's memoir of the same name, delving into one story of great love and four friends. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about Everything I Know About Love. Maggie is the fictionalised version of Alderton herself who is portrayed by actress Emma Appleton. Most recently, she played Nancy Spungen in Danny Boyle's biopic Pistol on Disney+. Some of her other work includes The End of the F***ing World, Clique, Intergalactic and The Witcher as Princess Renfri. Appleton will be starring in a 1940s movie called LOLA which is currently in post-production.  READ MORE: Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting Birdy is the more sensible and organised member of their friendship group, based on Appleton's real-life friend, Farly. Actress Bel Powley is well known for featuring in A Royal Night Out, Diary of a Teenage Girl and The Morning Show. Everything I Know About Love viewers will also recognise her from the CBBC series MI High. In terms of what else Powley has got coming up, she is going to be in Masters of the Air, Turn Me On and A Small Light.  Nell is a newly qualified teacher who finds herself getting bored of her own long-term relationship. But is there still hope for their love life or could it be the beginning of a new chapter for Nell? Actress Marli Su has been in Run, Anna and the Apocolypse and Our Ladies, along with Netflix's The Irregulars. She was also in Amazon Prime Video's Alex Rider as tech whizz Kyra.  DON'T MISS...Piers slaps down guest's call for president to replace monarchy [REACTION]Sherwood star David Morrissey says British ‘sense of identity has ero [CAST]Poldark season 6: Will there be another series of Poldark? [EXPLAINER] Making up the group of four is Amara, a real estate agent who regrets leaving her dancing career behind. She is played by newcomer Aliya Oddofin who is making her TV debut on Everything I Know About Love. Given the excitement surrounding the new series, Oddofin is bound to land more roles following its debut. There are going to be some other familiar faces introduced in the mini-series as well. Other cast members include The Holiday star Jill Halfpenny and Line of Duty's Craig Parkinson as Maggie's boss and landlord. The drama will consist of seven episodes in total with a new instalment coming out every Tuesday night. But for those who cannot wait for the entirety of the series, the boxset will become available on BBC iPlayer following the release of the first episode. Everything I Know About Love premieres on Tuesday, June 7, at 10.40pm on BBC One. 