During a surprise visit to Kyiv, the Prime Minister said Russian invaders are committing war crimes and “in a hideous echo of the past”, illegally deporting people. He told Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky British forces will harness the “most powerful of forces - the Ukrainian determination to win”. Mr Johnson said Britain will stand by Ukraine “until you ultimately prevail”. If accepted by Ukraine, the British scheme would see soldiers learn “battle-winning skills for the front line” in addition to basic medical and cyber-security training and counter-explosive tactics. The training would take place outside of Ukraine. Britain has already provided more than 6,500 anti-tank missiles, air defence systems, 120 armoured vehicles, anti-ship missile systems, GPS jamming equipment, dozens of heavy lift drones, and Stormer vehicles fitted with launchers for anti-air missiles. The training would be similar to Operation Orbital, which saw the UK train more than 22,000 personnel between 2015, the year after the Russian annexation of Crimea, and the full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February. He said Britain will continue helping Ukraine to push Russian forces out of the country. “That will be the moment for talks about the future”, Mr Johnson said, amid concern some European nations want President Zelensky to accept a peace deal which would allow Vladimir Putin to claim Ukrainian land. The Prime Minister said: “My visit today, in the depths of this war, is to send a clear and message to the Ukrainian people: the UK is with you and we will be with you until you ultimately prevail. “As Ukrainian soldiers fire UK missiles in defence of your nation’s sovereignty, they do so also in defence of the very freedoms we take for granted. “That is why I have offered President Zelensky a major new military training programme that could change the equation of this war - harnessing that most powerful of forces, the Ukrainian determination to win. “Two months on from my last visit, the Ukrainian grit, determination and resilience is stronger than ever, and I know that unbreakable resolve will long outlive the vain ambitions of President Putin.” The two leaders also spoke about air defence systems, economic support for Ukraine and further sanctions on Russia, the head of the Ukrainian president’s office, Andriy Yermak said. Video from the Ukrainian government showed Mr Zelensky warmly greeting the Prime Minister with a “hi, Boris” as he arrived at the presidential palace. It was in stark contrast to awkward attempts by France’s Emmanuel Macron to appear close with Mr Zelensky, despite a raft of comments which have upset Kyiv. The Prime Minister gave Zelensky a biography of the Queen. Video showed Mr Johnson carrying Robert Hardman’s book Queen Of Our Times: The Life Of Elizabeth II into the presidential palace. Mr Johnson was filmed signing the volume before handing it to Mr Zelensky, who said “thank you so much” and started leafing through it. “My pleasure - it’s her Jubilee book,” the Prime Minister replied before the pair sat down for talks. Britain will also play “a pivotal role” in ending the Russian blockade of Ukraine’s ports on the Black Sea. This could happen within weeks. Speaking at a joint news conference after the talks Mr Johnson said Ukrainians had inflicted heavy losses on the Russians. “If Ukrainian troops are suffering then I have to tell you all the evidence is that Putin’s troops are under acute pressure themselves and they are taking heavy casualties,” he said. “Their expenditure of munitions – of shells and other weaponry – is colossal. After 114 days of attack on Ukraine, they have still not achieved the objectives they set out for the first week. “We are here once again to underline that we are with you to give you the strategic endurance that you will need and we are going to help to continue to intensify the sanctions on Putin’s regime.” The Prime Minister also said UK military assistance to Ukraine is aimed at expelling Russian forces from the country. “We will continue, as we have from the beginning, to provide the military equipment you need - and now, of course, the training that may be necessary to go with that new equipment - so that you, the Ukrainian people, the Ukrainian armed forces, will be able to do what I believe Ukrainians yearn to do, and that is to expel the aggressor from Ukraine,” he said. “That will be the moment for talks about the future of Ukraine and it will be in that context of a free Ukraine that we and other countries will be making the security commitments and guarantees we have discussed so often.” Mr Zelensky welcomed Mr Johnson to Kyiv describing the PM as his country’s “great friend”. The Russian army’s “expenditure of shells and other weaponry is colossal”, he says. Russia has made progress in recent weeks in the Luhansk region but the UK PM says “they still have not achieved objectives they set out for first week” of the war. Mr Johnson added: “We continue to see the deliberate targeting of civilians in what is unquestionably a war crime and, in a hideous echo of the past, the illegal deportation of people the Russian forces believe to be insufficiently sympathetic to Putin’s aggression “In those circumstances, I completely understand why you and your people can make no compromise with Putin.” A message on Mr Zelensky’s Telegram account read: “Many days of this war have proved that Great Britain’s support for Ukraine is firm and resolute. “Glad to see our country’s great friend Boris Johnson in Kyiv again.”