Celebrations marking Her Majesty's record-breaking 70th year on the British throne came to an end last Sunday when the Queen was joined by leading members of the Royal Family at Buckingham Palace. Thousands of fans stretched down the Mall as they cheered the monarch and came together to sing 'God Save The Queen'. Prince Charles was joined by his wife Camilla Parker-Bowles and Prince William was accompanied by wife Kate Middleton and the Cambridges' three children. However, the inclusion of the three heirs has been analysed by body language expert Judi James, including eight-year-old Prince George. Ms James believes the Queen used the historic four-day event to teach the three future kings about what it means to reign over Britain. Ms James told the Mirror: "This very touching royal line-up on the balcony provided a glimpse of the past, present and future of the monarchy in one perfect pose. JUST IN: Kate and William's stunning 20-room second home on Queen's estate "Not only has the Queen been able to remind her heirs of both the sense of duty they need to inherit but also the way they should never take themselves too seriously or to forget to have fun. "George in particular will probably have learned from her hilarious video appearance with Paddington Bear alongside all the more serious mentoring he has been receiving from his father." A cheeky Prince Louis, aged four, can also be seen waving from the balcony after the Platinum Jubilee pageant. However, the Queen was unable to attend all Platinum Jubilee events after experiencing discomfort while watching the Trooping of the Colour parade. Her Majesty even pulled out of the thanksgiving service at St Paul's and Epsom Derby. The Queen concluded Platinum Jubilee celebrations by directly thanking Brits. In a statement, Her Majesty said: "When it comes to how to mark seventy years as your Queen, there is no guidebook to follow. "It really is a first. But I have been humbled and deeply touched that so many people have taken to the streets to celebrate my Platinum Jubilee. DON'T MISS:Kate opens up on Louis after tot stole show during Jubilee events [COMMENT]London emergency: Stratford station evacuated  [PICTURES]'Looked pretty serious' Police swoop to tape off quiet city street [INSIGHT] "While I may not have attended every event in person, my heart has been with you all; and I remain committed to serving you to the best of my ability, supported by my family. "I have been inspired by the kindness, joy and kinship that has been so evident in recent days, and I hope this renewed sense of togetherness will be felt for many years to come. "I thank you most sincerely for your good wishes and for the part you have all played in these happy celebrations."