There are now around 16,700 new diagnoses of melanoma skin cancer nationwide every year - making it the fifth most common type of cancer in the UK. Fortunately it has a range of early warning signs we need to be on guard for, from changes in the appearance of moles, to impaired vision or dark spots in our fingernails and toenails. Sam Cinkir, chief executive officer of skin and hair clinic Este Medical Group, said: “Skin cancer can have a devastating impact on our lives and on the lives of our loved ones. “Early detection of skin cancer can significantly improve the chances of treating it effectively, so it’s vital we are all aware of the red flags to look out for. “Subtle changes to moles, or the development of new ones, is a common warning sign of skin cancer, while it can also cause persistent itching, scaly patches and dark spots in our nails.” Like all health issues, prevention is more favourable than treatment. “We should be doing all we can to avoid skin cancer in the first place, and using sufficient sunscreen to block out harmful UVA and UVB rays should be an important part of our daily routine all year around, not just when it’s sunny,” Mr Cinkir said.  READ MORE: Cancer warning: Three vitamin supplements linked to an 'elevated' risk of lung cancer “If you are worried about the potential development of skin cancer, it’s vital to contact your GP as soon as possible and have your symptoms checked out.” Changes in the appearance and texture of moles - Many of us have skin growths called moles, which are generally harmless but can be a common place for melanomas to develop. It’s important to check your moles regularly for any changes that might occur. Use the ABCDE method – asymmetry, border, colour, diameter and evolving – and seek advice from your GP if you notice any changes in these characteristics.  DON'T MISS Toenail and fingernail changes - Skin cancer can develop anywhere on our bodies, but one of the places we need to keep an eye on is our fingernails and toenails. Melanomas can present as dark spots or streaks under our nails, while the skin around the nail can also become darker. A small bump or nodule under the nail, as well as splitting of the nail, can also be red flags. Persistent itching - It’s totally natural for our skin to itch from time to time, and it’s usually completely harmless. However, if it persists in one certain area it could be a sign of skin cancer, especially if other warning signs are present such as changes in the appearance. These symptoms can easily be mistaken for an insect bite, so it’s important to keep a close eye on them. Impaired vision - Melanomas traditionally appear on our skin, but they can also develop in the eyes and cause changes in our vision. Ocular melanoma can be difficult to notice until it’s really advanced, and symptoms include blurred vision, discoloured spots and an increased number of floaters – the squiggly lines some of us have in our vision.  Regular eye check-ups are encouraged as they are often the best way to detect ocular melanoma. Scaly patches - Our skin can become dry and scaly from time to time and often it’s nothing to worry about. But persistent scaly patches can sometimes be a symptom of skin cancer. If regular moisturising doesn’t deal with the problem, it’s important to seek help from your GP. 