Sir Elton will appear in a pre-recorded performance for Queen Elizabeth’s II Platinum Jubilee Party at the Palace. The pop concert is part of the celebrations taking place across the country to honour the monarch’s 70-year reign. Sir Elton will appear alongside the likes of Andrea Bocelli, Queen+Adam Lambert and Duran Duran for the special event at the front of Buckingham Palace. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** But this is not the musician’s first Jubilee as the so-called ‘Rocket Man’ was involved in both the Diamond Jubilee in 2012, as well as the Golden Jubilee in 2002. Like this year, for the celebrations marking Her Majesty’s 50 years on the throne, a pre-recorded performance was played during the event, but in 2012, for the Queen’s Diamond Jubilee, Elton performed live. The singer has long been known to have connections with several members of the Royal Family. Perhaps his most famous was his close friendship with the late Diana, Princess of Wales, and he went on to perform an emotional rendition of ‘Candle in the Wind’ at her funeral in 1997. He has maintained a relationship with both of Diana’s sons — Prince William and Prince Harry — having earned a reputation for being a sort of godfather to the brothers. But Sir Elton’s royal affiliations go back further generations, to Princess Margaret, who reportedly introduced the musician to royalty, and the Queen Mother. Moreover, he also shares a friendship with the Queen herself, having spent a lot of time with the monarch over the years. He even witnessed a rather dramatic moment, in which the monarch gave her nephew a dressing down. At Prince Andrew’s 21st birthday party at Windsor Castle, Sir Elton watched her reprimand the Viscount Linley about a familial matter. In his autobiography entitled ‘Me’, he said: “The Queen lightly slapped him across the face, saying: ‘Don’t’ — SLAP — ‘argue’ — SLAP — ‘with’ — SLAP — ‘me’ — SLAP — ‘I’ — SLAP — ‘am’ — SLAP — ‘THE QUEEN!’” Sir Elton wrote that when the Queen saw him watching, she winked at him before moving on. He also recalled dancing with Her Majesty and her daughter, saying: "Princess Anne asked me to dance with her to 'Hound Dog' by Elvis Presley. “Well, I say 'dance' — I ended up just awkwardly shuffling from foot to foot, trying to make as little noise as I could so that I didn't drown out the music. "So now I was trying to dance as inaudibly as possible with Princess Anne and the Queen — still holding her handbag — while what appeared to be the world's quietest disco played Bill Haley. “I tried my best to come up with a facial expression that suggested this was a perfectly normal state of affairs." Sir Elton was knighted by the Queen in 1998, a year after the tragic death of his dear friend Diana. Now, he is understood to share a close relationship with Harry and his wife, Meghan Markle. The singer is married to filmmaker, David Furnish, who up until recently was working with the Duchess of Sussex on an animated series for Netflix. Both David and Meghan were serving as executive producers on ‘Pearl’ before it got axed amid the streaming giant’s wider cost-cutting moves. Sir Elton spent a lot of time with the couple before they were engaged, and saw the development of their relationship first-hand. Speaking about Harry in 2018, he said: "I could tell that he was totally in love. “He didn't really discuss much personally but he said: 'I'm in love,' and I thought: 'good for you.' “Both of those boys seem to be ecstatically happy and that's all you want people to be." In the same interview, Sir Elton also shared how Harry resembles his mother, saying: "She was just loved by people because she had that great ability — which her son, Prince Harry, has inherited — where she could walk into a room of people and make them feel at ease, as if she'd know them all her life. "That's an incredible talent to have." He added that Princess Diana "would be proud of her boys."