Power Book III: Raising Kanan is the origin story of the franchise's biggest villain Kanan Stark (played by Curtis '50 Cent' Jackson). Set in 1990s Queenstown, the Starz prequel delves into Kanan's (Mekai Curtis) teenage years, with much focus on the relationship with his mum Raq Thomas (Miller). The drug queenpin was insistent her son wouldn't get involved in the criminal lifestyle but this dramatically changed by the end of the first season. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Power Book III: Raising Kanan.Raq is the head of a family drug-dealing business and runs the show with assistance from her brothers Lou-Lou (Malcolm Mays) and Marvin Thomas (London Brown). At the beginning of season one, Kanan was eager to try and help his mum by getting involved but she was determined to keep him on the straight and narrow. However, as the series progressed, Raq became more desperate and needed Kanan to step up as Detective Malcolm Howard (Omar Epps) was hot on their heels. Raq told her teenage son she had to kill the police officer who, unbeknown to Kanan, was his dad. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret One scene in particular shocked actress Miller when she was reading through the script. Talking to Vanity Fair, Miller said: "I remember the ninth episode where Raq goes to teach Kanan how to kill his dad. "For me as a person, when I read it, I was so upset with her. Because I had been riding with her the entire time. "And then to see that on the page, I immediately called [Raising Kanan creator] Sascha [Penn] and was like, 'They're going to hate me! Oh my God!'. Miller continued: "And then he presented a great argument, which is, 'Raq is doing what she needs to do for the family. She believes it.' And I'm like, 'Yeah, you're right! She does believe it!' "Raquel knows that some of the things that she's doing might not be right but it's about her continuing to sort an inner dialog with herself is like 'keep it together, keep it together.' In the season finale, Kanan tries to put what he learned to the test by actually shooting Howard. Things didn't exactly go to plan though and while he did pull the trigger, Howard wasn't killed. DON'T MISS...Jon Kay skewers Eustice over energy usage plans [REACTION]Outlander’s Sam Heughan admits Jamie Fraser role has been ‘hard graft' [CAST]Sam Heughan gives insight into Outlander prequel [EXPLAINER] Knowing full well that Kanan is his son, will Howard want to get his revenge or is he going to tell Kanan the truth? Fans were shocked to discover the detective was his biological father in episode five when Kanan was arrested. As he processed Kanan at the police station, he found out his birthday which aligned with when Howard and Raq dated. Kanan is still unaware of exactly who Howard is but secrets don't remain hidden for too long in the Power universe. This is good news for Raising Kanan fans as the prequel will be back for more. Starz renewed Power Book III for a second outing shortly after the series one finale. Season two of Raising Kanan will premiere on Sunday, August 14, on Starz and Starzplay. The Power franchise is available to watch on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.