NCIS New Orleans aired for seven seasons on CBS with Agent Dwayne Pride (played by Scott Bakula) leading the way. Actress Vanessa Ferlito first joined the cast in 2016's season three premiere and quickly became a fan-favourite. Like the majority of the main cast, she had a happy ending when NCIS NOLA was forced to finish for good last year. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS New Orleans.Despite Tammy Gregorio (Vanessa Ferlito) being in the series since the third outing, she had little love in her life. This was until the final series when she met and started casually dating Kara Valentino (Anna Enger Ritch). Tammy tried to keep Kara at arms' length but gradually as the couple got to know one another, she learned that she could trust her. When season seven came to a close, Tammy and Kara had agreed to move in together with fans believing this really was "it" for the agent. READ MORE: Jane McDonald sparks frenzy with 'exciting' career announcement CBS decided to axe NCIS New Orleans following seven years on the network, announcing the sad news in February 2021. As the credits rolled for the last time, its stars have dispersed with actress Ferlito moving on to the eagerly-anticipated Netflix series Griselda. The biopic will revolve around the real-life of drug queenpin Griselda Blanco who created one of the most profitable cartels in history. Actress Ferlito was announced earlier this year to be joining the main cast of the limited series as a character called Isabel but further details have not yet been released on who she is. The drama will consist of six episodes in total with each instalment having a running time of around 50 minutes. Griselda sees how the queenpin is both a devoted mum as well as a business-savvy drug dealer willing to do anything to reach the top of her game. According to Deadline, she has a "lethal blend of charm and unsuspected savagery", traits which led her to become widely known as the Black Widow. Starring in the lead role of Griselda is Modern Family actress and model Sofia Vergara. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star details moment he decided to quit acting  [EXPLAINER]NCIS’ Michael Weatherly announces new venture after Bull [CAST]NCIS season 20 theory: Bishop to make surprise return in actor clue [THEORY] There will be a number of other recognisable faces along with Ferlito and Vergara in Griselda. Narcos: Mexico star Alberto Guerra will portray her second husband Dario, fellow Narcos star Alberto Ammann as her second husband Alberto Bravo and Metastasis' Diego Trujillo as kingpin German Panesso. According to Ferlito's IMDb page, she and the rest of the cast are currently filming the new series. A release date hasn't been announced just yet but Griselda is expected to premiere on Netflix in late 2022 or early 2023. While it was a sad day for NCIS NOLA fans when the drama was cancelled, there was also good news on the horizon. NCIS Hawaii was announced shortly after with its first series going down a storm with viewers. NCIS has since been renewed for season 20, NCIS Los Angeles for series 14 and NCIS Hawaii for its second outing on CBS. The NCIS franchise is available to watch on CBS in America and Disney+ in the UK.