The final of Britain's Got Talent 2022 saw the 11 finalists take to the stage one last time for a chance to win £250,000 and the chance to perform at the Royal Variety. Each act gave it their all, but in the end, Axel Blake took the title and was left stunned that he had been crowned the winner. Viewers took to social media to air their annoyance as they felt the results were a fix. Each act stunned the judges with them calling the competition "fierce" and couldn't decide on who they thought was going to win. However, it came down to Jamie Leahey, Axel Blake, and Tom Ball, with Axel coming out on top and being crowned Britain's Got Talent 2022. Tom came third in the running, to which he thanked everyone for voting, leaving Jamie and his chicken Chuck in second place. Viewers of the show were fuming and theorised at fix claims as he was Simon Cowell's Golden Buzzer act and for his show on Amazon Prime. READ MORE: GB News: Anne Diamond forced to shut down guest over Diana comment @bangtanhrvy commented: "Wrong winner." @lewiisjefferies added: "Was obvious he was going to win but was proper rooting for Jamie and Chuck. What a duo they are. #BGT." Tom Muzzy claimed: "Fixxxxxx this guy has an Amazon special #bgt." @KellyBlackx said: "Fuming! What a fix! He wasn’t even funny #BGT." @DeMclovin81 fumed: "Oooh, p**s off!! Looks like a fix. Jamie and chuck deserved it!! Robbed blind!! #BritainsGotTalent #BGT #BGTFinal." @Brendacuz tweeted: "Did Axel win because he's Simon's golden buzzer? Certainly wasn't for his comedy #BGT" (sic) The 11 finalists who competed for the chance to perform at the Royal Variety were 13-year-old ventriloquist Jamie Leahey, Opera singer Maxwell Thorpe and Comedian Ben Nickless, Rapper and musical duo Flintz and Taylor, Opera singer Tom Ball, Comedian Eva Abley, Greatest Showman Singer Loren Allred, dancers Five Star Boys, Comedian Axel Blake, and child poet Aneeshwar Kuchala. Before speaking to Axel, Ant turned to Jamie and gave him commiserations, where he said: "I'd like to say thank you for all the support, and there is one guy in here, his name is Lewis Devine, and he has helped me so much," before getting emotional. DON'T MISS...Who won Britain’s Got Talent 2022? [INSIGHT]Alesha Dixon in tears as BGT singer breaks down after mistake [LATEST]Simon Cowell slammed by BGT fans over wildcard announcement 'A joke!' [MORE] Ant gave the young star a hug as he became overwhelmed. They then turned to Axel, who couldn't find the words to explain how he was feeling. He exclaimed: "Word can't even explain, I am shaking! Thank you, everyone, for voting for me, it means the world to me. "Thank you, everyone, at home, there is not even words to explain right now, I can't believe it." Ant chimed in: "I am thrilled that you have won but what is going to get on my nerves was that you were Simon's golden buzzer act, damn it! He is going to be thrilled, well done." Axel continued: "I don't know what to say, thank you and in style, yeah!" with Simon joining him on stage to congratulate him. The comedian came under fire after his first audition on the show after viewers exposed his standup special on Amazon Prime. Axel Blake: I'm Not Gonna Lie was filmed at the Indigo2 in London and left viewers angry at his already found success. Britain's Got Talent is available to watch on ITV Hub.