Lorraine Kelly has opened up about embarking on a Weight Watchers as she tried to lose the lockdown pounds. In a new interview, the ITV star, 62, told how she anonymously used the weight loss app in a bid to become more confident after piling on the pounds during the pandemic. Lorraine previously told how she found herself eating and drinking more as a result of the lockdown that was imposed due to Covid. She explained that she put on one and a half stone and went up by two dress sizes. As a result, she looked to Weight Watchers to help her get back down to her regular size. Speaking on an Instagram Live in April, Lorraine told how she "wasn't happier" after putting on the weight. READ MORE: Mick Jagger's son comforted by mum as he sobs over dad's Covid battle She told her 494,000 followers: "I’m feeling more confident and wearing clothes not to disguise anymore, wearing clothes that fit me properly and getting into a size 10. “It does feel so much better, and I am supposed to be a 10 but I was a 14 heading towards a 16. "Now there’s nothing wrong with that if that’s what you’re supposed to be, but I'm supposed to be a 10 and when I'm not, I'm just not happy," she said. In a later interview, the star went on to credit her weight loss to Weight Watchers, revealing she was able to fool members over her identity and remain anonymous. She said: "I knew I needed a bit of help, so I joined WW and with the help of others and the app I dropped two dress sizes and managed to get back into my size 10s at the end of January. "Being able to get back into my size 10 jeans was a big deal! I must have put on more than a stone and a half - I was about 11st 10lbs - but for me, it was not just about fitting into my posh black frock that wouldn't go over my bottom but about being happy in myself." The star went on to confess that the other members didn't realise who they were talking to due to her sweet profile picture. “Some of them know but on WW my user name is Lorraine and a few numbers and my profile is Angus my dog, so many people didn’t realise," Lorraine explained to Metro. DON'T MISS... Kate Garraway puts on brave face after heartbreaking Derek update [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis' wife Lara covers scars with 'heavy make-up' after injury [ANALYSIS]Demi Rose stuns in series of very busty selfies as she returns to UK [UPDATE] It comes days after the ITV presenter wowed fans by revealing the secret behind her youthful appearance. Taking to Instagram, Lorraine shared the results of her microneedling facial. It's a minimally invasive cosmetic procedure that's used to treat skin concerns via collagen production. It involves pricking the skin with tiny sterilised needles. The small wounds cause your body to produce more collagen and elastin, which heal your skin and help you look younger, according to Healthline.comLorraine shared a clip of the treatment she received, which gained over 10,000 likes in a matter of minutes.She reposted the video, which was initially shared by her aesthetician, which read: "LOVE this wonderful fella! REPosted @withregram @pietrosimoneofficial Introducing my lovely @lorrainekellysmith to my signature Meso Micro Needles with Peptides, Oligo Hyaluronic acid, Vitamins and more regenerating compounds."The mission is to deeply target the #collagen production resulting in a #natural #skintightening #firmness #plumped and effectively hydrated skin. Dynamic Regeneration #psmethod #inspire," she ended the post, before discussing the procedure.