Leicester star Youri Tielemans has been linked with a move away from the King Power for some time, and he's opened the door to a move following recent interest. Arsenal are reportedly keen on signing the Belgian, with Manchester United also in the race for the midfielder. Tielemans has admitted that he would be open to leaving Leicester for a "great project" as the Belgian enters the final 12 months of his Leicester contract.The 25-year-old has been one of Leicester's star players for a number of seasons, and it was his stunning strike that won the Foxes their first ever FA Cup in 2021. But Tielemans is unlikely to sign a new deal, and Leicester may have to sell him this summer to avoid losing the midfielder for free next season.Arsenal and United have been heavily linked with a move for the Belgian, with Mikel Arteta reportedly making him a top transfer priority. And both clubs have been put on red alert following Tielemans' recent comments. READ MORE: Man Utd 'ready to pay £69m' for Frenkie de Jong as Barcelona 'willing to hand over' player Speaking ahead of Belgium’s UEFA Nations League clash with Poland on Wednesday, he said: "That [a move] is not out of the question. But I can also stay.“I feel very good at Leicester, I was welcomed with open arms from day one. I give everything for the club until the last day. DON'T MISSMan Utd can repeat Bruno Fernandes trick with star Pep Guardiola branded 'best in world' [TRANSFERS]Bayern Munich may have shot themselves in foot with rejected Liverpool Sadio Mane bid [OPINION]Newcastle stance puts Man Utd at risk of missing out on crucial Ten Hag target [TRANSFERS] "But of course you have to listen to other opportunities, you have to look at your career, and sometimes you have to make choices. Maybe one will come my way."Arsenal have made signing a midfielder a priority, and they missed out on signing Bruno Guimaraes in January as the Brazilian joined Newcastle instead. And United have seen both Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic leave the club, meaning they need to recruit in midfield. Tielemans also revealed in an interview with RTBF that he will not leave Leicester for the sake of it, but only if the right deal is on the table. "You need to stay calm. I’m good where I am," he said."I still have a year left on my contract. I’m not in a rush. When you change clubs, you don’t change just to change. You change because there is a great project on the table. "For a player, the most important thing is to play. It’ll be up to me to make the right decision regarding my future this summer, but now, I’m relaxed and focusing on the Red Devils [Belgium]."Tielemans has been on many teams radar's for some time, but with Leicester set to lose him for free next season, a fair bid is likely to be accepted. Losing Tielemans would be a huge blow, but Leicester have proven in the past that they are more than capable of replacing talent.