Netflix’s hit romantic drama Virgin River is finally returning to screens in July with season four. Although fans were delighted about the show’s release, many were disappointed at Jack Sheridan’s (played by Martin Henderson) appearance after an image from the instalment was revealed.  After season three’s major cliffhanger, fans will finally have their questions answered when Jack and his girlfriend Mel Monroe (Alexandra Breckenridge) return to screens. However, after a peek at the new season, the couple appeared to be all smiles despite Mel’s complicated pregnancy announcement. While many were glad to see the characters, some fans were left fuming after spotting a major change in Jack's appearance. Taking to Reddit, user Beneficial-Thought82 wrote: “I just wish they had cut Martin’s hair.” Another fan hbs131618 added: “Agree, in the books he’s supposed to have a short military cut. He looks so unruly in this, it doesn’t fit the character at all.” READ MORE: Blue Bloods exit: Why did Amy Carlson leave NBC drama as Linda Reagan? Virgin River is the on-screen adaptation of Robin Carr’s 20-book novel series and although the series occasionally differs from the book, this was a major change for fans. However, BlairHoffman42 assured: “He has shorter hair later on in the season, you can see by the BTS they’ve posted.” Although it was noted Jack’s new hairstyle could arrive later in the season, user hbs131618 highlighted other characters that looked far from how they were described in the books. They stated: “None of the characters are how they were originally supposed to be when they were written. “He is supposed to be very tall and muscular, also Preacher is meant to be a big scary beast and he is nowhere near that. “Mel is supposed to have very light blonde curly hair and super petite.” The fan continued: “Brie is supposed to also be small and have very long brown hair, Paige is also supposed to be blonde.” With these differences among other characters, it was likely Jack was also going to look nothing like he was described in the novels. DON'T MISS...All Creatures Great and Small boss teases 'change' for residents [INSIGHT] Virgin River’s Doc star pays tribute to co-star Annette O’Toole [INSIGHT]Virgin River’s Brie star pays tribute to ‘inspiring’ co-star Alexandra [INSIGHT] The season three finale ended with a number of major bombshells, including the fate of Mel and Jack’s relationship. Ahead of the finale, the couple had broken up after Jack confessed he was unsure whether he wanted to start a family with Mel. This was a huge disappointment for Mel as she had always wanted to be a mother and was even undergoing IVF during her last relationship before her husband died. Knowing she had one round of IVF she made with her husband at the clinic, a newly single Mel travelled to LA, put it to use and fell pregnant. By the time she returned to Virgin River, Jack wanted to get back together and had even planned a proposal. This was when Mel revealed she was pregnant and didn’t know who the father was as she and Jack were intimate before their break-up. Speaking about his upcoming storyline, Henderson told Hello!: “If it’s not Jack’s baby, Jack and Mel are naturally going to have some tough times ahead, it would be immensely difficult. “That would be extremely challenging, especially for Jack. “If he’s gonna stick around, if he’s devoted to Mel, that’s gonna be hard to have a baby that’s her dead husband’s baby. That’s just, like, asking a lot.” Virgin River season four will premiere on Netflix on Wednesday, July 20.  