Robert Lewandowski has reiterated his desire to leave Bayern Munich this summer - but insists that he doesn't want to sour his relationship with the club by 'forcing' a move. The Polish striker has is keen to link up with Barcelona, who have been extensively linked with the Bayern hitman in recent weeks. The 33-year-old has just over 12 months remaining on his current deal at the Allianz Arena and has made no secret of his desire to quit the club a year early with some brutally honest comments. But Lewandowski has now taken a less aggressive approach and has pleased with Bayern to let him leave as it's the 'best solution' for both parties. Lewandowski: "I still have a year of contract left, that's why I have asked the club for the go-ahead for a transfer. I think that in the current situation it is the best solution, especially since the club can receive money for the transfer. I don't want to force anything, it's not about that. It's about finding the best solution. We have to cool the emotions; I want to speak calmly and not through the media." Lewandowski has evolved into one of Europe's most complete strikers during his eight-year spell at the club and has netted an incredible 344 goals in 375 games. READ MORE: Arsenal's stance on signing Youri Tielemans after agreeing Fabio Vieira transfer Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain would also like to prise Lewandowski away from Bayern after the prolific striker failed to come to terms with the German giants on a new deal. But a new report from SPORT claims that Lewandowski is only interested in a move to the Nou Camp and will snub any advances from other clubs. Although Bayern are reluctant to part ways with their talisman, they moved a step closer to acquiring the services of Sadio Mane on Friday. The Senegalese international's arrival in Munich after a stunning six-year stint with Liverpool would soften the blow of losing Lewandowski. DON'T MISSArsenal 'close in' on third summer signing ahead of Fabio Vieira transferArsenal have 'new £85m Gabriel Jesus alternative' also wanted by Chelsea and Man UtdChristian Eriksen turned down Man Utd 'because of Juan Mata' as interest reignited All eyes will now be on Barcelona, who have chased Lewandowski all summer - despite the fact their recent financial issues are reportedly still plaguing the club. It remains to be seen if the Spanish giants will be able to afford a deal for Lewandowski, with Bayern reportedly set to demand around €40million (£34.3m) to part ways with their star man. According to a different report from SPORT last month, Barcelona have already wrapped up deals for Franck Kessie and Andreas Christensen, who are both available on free transfers. However, the Catalan club are unable to register them due to financial issues - a problem that they also encountered last summer with the likes of Memphis Depay and Sergio Aguero.