Camilla and Prince Charles tied the knot in 2005 but appeared for the first time publically as a couple in 1995. This was the same year the Duchess of Cornwall divorced her first husband Andrew Parker Bowles. It was also a few years after Prince Charles’ separation from Princess Diana.  When Camilla stepped out as the official girlfriend of the Prince of Wales, she wore an outfit which shocked many royal fans. Many royal watchers noticed a change in Camila's style and noted it was similar to Diana’s. The news about Prince Charles and Camilla's relationship became public in 1994. In light of this, Diana attended a public event dressed in what would become known as the 'revenge dress.'  READ MORE: Harry was 'impeccable' with Camilla - now 'all bets could be off' It was a beautiful and bold black piece with bare shoulders and a skirt slit. She looked amazing, and many applauded her for taking the news of Charles’ affair off the front pages of all the newspapers. Princess Diana made the appearance at the Serpentine Gallery in 1994. The glamorous, shoulder-baring mini dress was designed by Christina Stambolian.  This was on the same day Prince Charles publicly confirmed that he had been unfaithful to her during their marriage. Diana had continued to live at Kensington Palace with Prince William and Prince Harry after her and Charles' split. She chose to wear this iconic dress, which was famously dubbed her 'revenge dress'. Diana styled it with a pair of sheer black tights and black heels.  The Princess also chose a statement diamond, pearl and sapphire choker. The choker was actually made from a sapphire brooch gifted to Diana for her 1981 wedding by the Queen Mother. One year later at The Ritz, Camilla showed up in an almost identical dark dress with bare shoulders. This outing was subbed Operation Ritz by the media.  Charles and Camilla were photographed in front of London’s Ritz Hotel as they left a 50th birthday party for the Duchess’ sister, Annabel Elliot. The Duchess of Cornwall could be seen in a very similar outfit. She was sporting a shoulder-less black dress with tights, black heels and an almost identical necklace. The snaps of Camilla seemingly took style inspiration from Princess Diana. They were taken when she and Prince Charle headed out for an event at The Ritz in London. 