Prince William is the cover star of the latest issue of the Big Issue after he joined a seller on the streets of London earlier this month. The Duke of Cambridge even wrote an article for the magazine about his pledge to help the homeless. These pictures are the portraits being used to celebrate William’s birthday today, which are markedly different from other royals who have turned 40.  Judi James, a body language expert, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the Queen, Prince Charles, and Kate Middleton’s 40th birthday portraits, and how they differ from William’s. She said: “There would have been both royal and public expectations around this 40th portrait of the Queen, meaning the emphasis on power, status and wealth, plus the distancing from anything bordering on real life would have been both expected and enjoyed. “Hence the throne, the crown and the robes and even the pose, with the Queen sitting upright and elegant with the rather blank facial expression of a figurehead rather than anything more active or accessible-looking. “It was a portrait fit for biscuit tins and tea towels, something unique and special that projected a sense of the glory and greatness of the entire UK.”  What about Prince Charles’ 40th birthday portrait from 1988? Judi suggested: “While his mother projected status, Charles seems to have been signalling a sense of duty and service with this pose. “His naval uniform shows the idea of service and his puckered brows and rather serious, reflective facial expression suggests a dedication to his destiny. “His uniform and the background do reflect status but his hands are clasped in front of his torso in a lowering gesture, rather than held at his sides to emphasise rank.   “Charles’s expression looks troubled and rather distanced, with no non-verbal communication for the public. “His smile looks rigid, suggesting he found no great pleasure in his role, but he does define himself as the thinker and perhaps challenger that he will undoubtedly be once he takes to the throne.” Kate Middleton turned 40 in January earlier this year – how did her birthday pictures compare to her husband’s? Judi opined: “Kate’s photos are idealistic, old-school and romantic. They look like a treat to herself and perhaps her husband, too.  “More Tatler fashion spread, they seem to hark back to the days of debutantes or even back as far as the days when Queen Victoria was a young girl, but thankfully for Kate her body language in the red dress has a more familiar sense of her fun and even self-effacing side. “We’re shown the dreamy, goddess version of Kate but also the woman with her hands stuffed into her pockets and more knowing, modern-looking smile to the camera.” What was Prince William’s body language like in the Big Issue pictures? Judi added: “William could hardly announce a more different style of monarchy than with this photo released on his birthday.  “Wearing a baseball cap rather than a crown and jeans and a shirt rather than a military uniform, William does everything he can here to look accessible, low status and lacking in any signals of wealth or entitlement. “It’s a statement of intent in terms of his future royal role. “This King will not be using any excess of rituals and status/wealth displays to keep the mystique of monarchy enduring, instead he appears to be signalling an emphasis on empathy, caring and immersion into real life. “He suggests that he will be ascending to the throne as Diana’s son primarily and that all the trips out to meet the homeless and the sick that she took him on as a child will be what guides him through the role of modern monarch.” 