  EastEnders actress Rose Ayling-Ellis supported her former Strictly Come Dancing partner and pal at his show on Sunday. Their reunion came just weeks after Giovanni Pernice’s previous romance with a Love Island contestant was revealed.      Giovanni, 31, is currently starring in a new show, Him and Me, with Strictly judge Anton Du Beke, 55. Rose, 27, took to Instagram on Sunday to share some hilarious snaps from their evening on Sunday. The actress jokingly attempted to imitate professional photos of the dancer in view of her 546,000 followers. One picture showed Rose staring straight down the camera lense with an intense glare. READ MORE: David Hasselhoff, 69 steps out with wife Hayley Roberts, 42     She stood with her hands on her hips, mocking Giovanni's strong stance, and didn’t stop there. Another snap showed Rose in a bowler hat, grinning widely at the camera, while doing an impression of Giovanni’s co-star Anton. Captioning the photo of the Strictly judge, she wrote: "You too @mrantondubeke." Rose also shared a video of Giovanni with a wavy filter set to the tune of Get Down On It by band Kool and The Gang.      Giovanni also shared some funny footage of the pair in view of his 804,000 followers. The former dancing duo appeared to be fighting over a pen backstage, before Rose ended up suddenly snapping it. "There she is!!! @rosea,” Giovanni wrote in the caption. The cute stories come after Rose sent a sweet, supportive message to Giovanni last week - just hours after it was revealed he had reportedly gone on secret dates with Love Island's first deaf contestant, Tasha Ghouri. READ MORE... X Factor star hit by tragedy as fiancee dies on wedding morning [BREAKING] Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux  [INSIGHT]   'Horrendous!' Bake Off's Paul Hollywood on marriage breakdown scrutiny [NEWS]     At the time, Rose shared a video of herself giving Giovanni a quick lesson on sign language. She wrote: “Love this video. Have a wonderful opening night and I hope it goes well @giovannipernice.” Reports claim Giovanni was dating model and dancer Tasha, who is currently at risk of being dumped from the island, earlier this year. The stars are said to have met online and “connected via Instagram and messaged privately on the app, which eventually led to the pair meeting in January".      A source said: “Giovanni was persistent when it came to Tasha. They have a lot in common, both being dancers, and he had just learned a lot about the deaf community performing with Rose [Ayling-Ellis] on Strictly, who Tasha really admires.” The insider added: “Tasha was impressed by how gentlemanly he was, taking her out to top London restaurants and offering to send cars to collect her, but she’s independent and always made her own way to see him.” However, things between the pair reportedly fizzled out when Giovanni left to go on the Strictly tour, according to MailOnline. Express.co.uk have contacted Tasha and Giovanni’s representatives for comment.   