Chelsea owner Todd Boehly has reportedly held a phone call over Leeds star Raphinha in a bid to push a potential move through for the star - despite interest from London rivals Arsenal and Tottenham. The American took over at Stamford Bridge earlier this month after former owner Roman Abramovich was sanctioned by the UK Government. With a whole host of players leaving this summer including record signing Romelu Lukaku, the American knows he has a big job on his hands to help the Blues challenge for the Premier League once again. One of the players linked with a move to west London is Leeds hero Raphinha, although other clubs have been interested in his services. But a report from Fabrizio Romano via Caught Offside states that the American has taken matters into his own hands and called Jesse Marsch's side personally to win the battle for his signature. Romano states that the Raphinha transfer saga is one of the 'craziest' in years, with at least four of Europe's top clubs aiming to sign the star. Chelsea have 'explored the situation', with Boehly himself taking control of the situation and calling Leeds directly in order to instigate a bid. JUST IN: Liverpool 'pass' on three Premier League stars despite 'easy' deals Whether or not an official approach will happen is yet to be seen, but there is some hope given that no other clubs are close to agreeing a deal. Barcelona have had an agreement with Raphinha on personal terms since February, and would like to see a deal wrapped up to bring the Brazilian to the Nou Camp. But their offer of £35million is almost half of the £65m Leeds require, meaning they are nowhere near close to a deal for the former Rennes winger. Elsewhere, Arsenal have made the only official bid for Raphinha, yet their offer was knocked straight back by the Yorkshire outfit. The Gunners are looking to drastically improve their front line with the signings of Gabriel Jesus amongst others, whilst Fabio Vieira has already signed from Porto. And Tottenham are also keeping tabs on the situation, with Romano suggesting that the north London outfit are preparing a proposal for his services. READ MORE: Man Utd request granted as Dean Henderson transfer agreement reached With 16 Premier League goals in 61 appearances for the Whites, Raphinha is undoubtedly imperative to Leeds' success. And manager Marsch claimed his head had not been turned by potential bids back in May. “Not at all. He is 100 per cent invested," Marsch said. "His emotion, which has been talked about, can be interpreted as lack of discipline. I see it as a total investment. That part has been no thought for me.”