Chelsea's pursuit of Gabriel Jesus shows that the new Blues hierarchy are heeding Jamie Carragher's advice over Romelu Lukaku, who could be heading for a swift exit just a year after returning to the Premier League. The Blues are the latest club who have reportedly entered the race for the Manchester City striker, who is also being tracked by Arsenal. Lukaku returned to Stamford Bridge last summer in a club-record £97.5million deal but struggled to live up to expectations. As well as Lukaku's ineffective displays on the pitch, the Belgian striker also clashed with Thomas Tuchel after some controversial media comments, which led to Carragher claiming that the club should back keep Tuchel rather than Lukaku if push came to shove. The former Liverpool defender told Sky Sports back in January: “I admire what Mikel Arteta has done with Aubameyang and in some ways I admire Tuchel here. Let’s not forget this club. This is a different club, the players have always won against the manager. “Right now, I think in terms of top managers around in world football, I would say we have three in the Premier League in Pep Guardiola, Jurgen Klopp and Thomas Tuchel. Look at the problems, Manchester United have right now – they still don’t know who they’re going to get at the end of the season. READ MORE: Man Utd could be about to sign Frenkie de Jong for cheaper than they first expected “I actually think right now – even though they’ve had great success changing managers over the last ten years – I think it would be easier for them to replace Lukaku than the manager they’ve got. Because they’ve got a proper top class manager right now.” One of the first major decisions that awaited Chelsea's new owner, Todd Boehly, was how to solve the multi-million pound conundrum that is Lukaku. By pursuing a deal for Jesus, it's clear that the new Blues chief is backing Tuchel rather than insisting that the club persist with Lukaku, who managed just five league goals last term. Although nothing concrete has emerged on Lukaku's future, it's highly unlikely that the Blues would be shelling out another £50m on Jesus for the City star to play second fiddle; nor is Lukaku likely to be content with another season on the fringes of Tuchel's team. DON'T MISSDarwin Nunez's Liverpool wages emerge with star telling friends £85m deal is 'done'Arsenal 'willing to pay over £42m' for midfielder as Roma 'return' for XhakaMan Utd put forward 'higher proposal than Liverpool' for Darwin Nunez Although competition will be fierce in the race for Jesus, the Blues ability to offer Champions League football could give them the edge over Arsenal, who had seemingly been in pole position to land the Manchester City star, who has just over 12 months remaining on his current deal at the Etihad. Tuchel has already hinted that he's looking forward to the challenge of rebuilding the Blues under Boehly - and an extensive rebuild could prove to be the death knell for Lukaku, who has been extensively linked with a return to his former club, Inter Milan. Tuchel told football.london recently: "We are rebuilding, not improving the squad. We are rebuilding. This is always challenging, but we are up for the challenge. "I don't know where we are from day one. What I can promise is that I will be here – if I can promise that – I will be here with full energy and positive energy no matter what. We will still work for Chelsea, and I refuse to think of negative scenarios. We will be competitive, on which level we will see."