Commentator Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu called on the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to "name and shame" the royal they previously claimed made a racist comment about their son Archie. Dr Mos-Shogbamimu made the demand after Harry and Meghan shared a picture of their daughter Lilibet. In a now-deleted tweet, the commentator said: "Remember the Royal Family racist member(s) who raised 'concerns' about Meghan and Harry's kids' skin colour before Archie and Lilibet were born? "I bet the racist(s) still having ugly racist 'concerns' over Lord knows what and feels zero shame after their birth." During the Sussexes' bombshell Oprah Winfrey interview in March 2021 they accused an unnamed royal - not the Queen or Prince Philip - of raising concerns about Archie's skin colour before he was born. But in response to the explosive interview, the Queen said in a statement that "some recollections may vary". And Prince William angrily denied racism allegations against the Royal Family in a rare outburst during a public engagement days later. Dr Mos-Shogbamimu's tweet comes after Harry and Meghan released a snap of Lili taken on her first birthday during their trip to Britain for the Platinum Jubilee. The sweet picture shows the tot at their former Windsor home Frogmore Cottage at a picnic thrown for her big day. The adorable one-year-old, who has flame-coloured hair just like her father, is dressed in a pale blue frock. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry share new pic of Lilibet Close family and friends were invited to the party for the tot last Saturday. The image, taken by photographer and friend of the couple Misan Harriman, and released by Harry and Meghan on Monday. Mr Harriman also shared a black and white snap of Meghan holding Lilibet. DON'T MISSRoyal Family: Meghan, Harry 'furious' as Firm 'moved on' - claim [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan send 'huge signal' about future UK visits [ANALYSIS]Meghan's REASSURING words to nervous Prince Harry at Jubilee service [VIDEO] The photographer tweeted: "It was such a privilege to celebrate the 1st birthday of Lilibet with my family and hers! Joy and face painting all around." Saturday was Lili's birthday and a spokesperson for the couple had previously said they were spending the day privately. It came during the Sussexes' trip to the UK for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations with their two children Lilibet and Archie. On Friday, they made their first public appearance alongside the Windsors since they stepped down as senior royals two years ago, but were absent from many of the Jubilee festivities over the weekend. It is thought their daughter met her namesake great-grandmother the Queen for the first time during the visit. Harry and Meghan, who quit royal duties in 2020 for new lives of personal and financial freedom across the pond, are now back in California. 