Fans of Netflix’s hit cartel series may have been surprised to discover both Jonah (played by Skylar Gaertner) and Charlotte (Sofia Hublitz) got stuck by their parents by the end of the final season. Ozark’s showrunner Chris Mundy has now shed some light on Wendy’s (Laura Linney) decision to take her children back from her father’s custody. By the end of the fourth season of Ozark, Wendy has succeeded in keeping the Byrdes together despite her father Nathan (Richard Thomas) winning custody over her children. After she admitted herself to a psychiatric hospital, Wendy apologised to Jonah and Charlotte, who ultimately decided to remain with her and Marty (Jason Bateman) in spite of their dangerous careers. Their decision was just one of many surprising turns in Ozark’s final episodes, and showrunner Chris has since come out in defence of where the Byrdes end up in the finale. “The simple answer, that sounds like a cheat, is I think children want to be with their parents, and they love their parents,” he explained. READ MORE: CSI Vegas season 2: Why is William Peterson leaving? “Even in… I wouldn’t say the Byrdes are abusive parents, but they’re certainly terrible parents in whatever way. “But I think even within that, you want to belong to your people, your tribe.” The children’s decision was especially shocking considering Charlotte’s attempts to leave the family throughout the second season. However, Wendy has proven herself to be a master manipulator throughout the Byrdes’ criminal enterprise and partnerships with the cartel in the Ozark region. “But I also think when Wendy gives the speech, basically saying, ‘I’m not going to trap you inside this’ and takes responsibility for all this stuff, I think that’s sincere,” Chris continued. “I think going into that hospital is manipulative, it’s 100 percent manipulative. “But, at the same time, I don’t know if she would have ever left it if she didn’t ever come and visit her. So in that way it’s true.” However, Chris also clarified how important it was not to strip any of the Byrdes of their agency as they raced towards the final events of the series. DON'T MISS:Sunday Brunch backlash after Simon and Tim’s ‘painful’ interview [REACTION]Stranger Things season 5 theory: Mike trapped in Upside Down [CLUE]The Last Kingdom star exposes hidden meaning in King Edward change [INSIGHT] Even with Ruth Langmore (Julia Garner) making things more difficult by killing off Javi Elizonndro (Alfonso Herrera), the Byrdes used their combined strength as a family to ensure they came out on top. “It’s a strange thing. We tried to make everyone have choices in the end,” Chris told GoldDerby. “Marty has a choice whether or not to stay with Wendy, the kids have a choice whether or not to stay in the family. “Ruth has a choice whether or not to kill Javi and set all these things in motion.” “So, we wanted the kids to be able to examine all their choices and think about what they wanted. And, in a strange way, the family is kind of held together by this criminal act in the first season. “We’ve always said, if it wasn’t for money laundering, they would have gotten divorced. The family would have disintegrated. And it really should’ve!” Thankfully for fans, the Byrdes found a way to stay together through thick and thin, setting off a chain of events which proved to be one of the most riveting dramas in Netflix’s catalogue. Ozark seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix.