Rafael Nafal has been battling to be fully fit for this year’s Wimbledon which kicks off today. Nadal has enjoyed plenty of success in 2022, having become the most successful Grand Slam champion of all time after winning the Australian Open and French Open. His record-breaking campaign has not been all plain sailing though, after suffering a whole host of fitness and injury issues both sides of his Grand Slam triumphs. There were of course worries that Nadal would never play again prior to his 2022 victories due to the physical problems with his body. The 22-time Grand Slam winner has however battled his way back to the top of the game, but not without putting himself through the pain barrier. Even after extending his remarkable French Open record to 14 titles earlier this month, Nadal still found himself needing medical treatment. As a result, the Spaniard has not competed on the ATP Tour since his Roland Garros win as he continues his recovery from an ongoing issue with his foot. In typical Nadal fashion though, the 36-year-old is expected to bounce back once more from his fitness woes as he aims to compete at SW19. JUST IN: Andy Murray sends Wimbledon warning to Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic Despite his time away from the tour, the Spanish star has still been going through his Wimbledon preparations, practising on the grass courts of Mallorca. After seemingly recovering from his chronic foot problem once more on the Mallorcan grass, he expressed his intention to compete at Wimbledon as he continues his hunt for the 2022 Grand Slam. “My intention is to play at Wimbledon,” Nadal said last week. “I'm happy, I haven't been limping for a week. I have noticed changes with the treatment - I still have strange sensations, sometimes I can't feel my foot, but the pain that did not allow me to support my weight on my foot has subsided." DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal told to 'pray' to avoid Nick KyrgiosSerena Williams admits she considered retirement during injury battleRafael Nadal 'visibly upset' in Wimbledon warm-up match The Spaniard’s remarkable ability to recover and win at the highest level has been commended by many, including former Spanish star Alex Corretja. He told Eurosport: “I feel like 2022 for Rafa, it's a miracle, since the very beginning of the year. "After winning the first tournament, then the first Slam, he then got hurt again and he didn't have that much time for preparation for Roland-Garros… Again, now, he is ready to go and try to play at Wimbledon.” 