Although we’re not directly affected by that particular arrangement or the loophole that allows the Faroese to licence this practice, the situation is typical of the way that foreign fleets – and especially the Russians – are privileged over the remnants of the UK’s once-great fishing industry.  Our state-of-the-art freezer trawler Kirkella, the last distant waters vessel operating from a UK port, is currently finishing a lengthy trip fishing for Arctic cod to the south of Svalbard, five or six days’ steaming from her home port of Hull. She’s up there, rather than in her traditional fishing grounds off the Norwegian coast, because the UK Government has repeatedly failed to negotiate anything like adequate quotas for us in the fishing fiasco that followed on from Brexit. Where we were promised a "sea of opportunity" we now have almost nothing at all from the Norwegians. Like the Scottish pelagic fishermen who find themselves surrounded by Russian trawlers in the waters they fish, Kirkella is rarely far from a fleet of Russian demersal trawlers competing for the same stocks. The Norwegians have done little or nothing to sanction the Putin regime, meaning that Russian vessels have free rein in waters where until recently we caught cod and haddock for our national dish.   In difficult times such as these when food security issues – and in particular our reliance on imported fish from Russia – should be absolutely paramount, it’s shocking that UK vessels are disadvantaged as we do our utmost to secure fresh fish at affordable prices for British consumers. UK Fisheries used to supply around one in 12 of the portions of whitefish sold through British chippies, but is currently struggling to operate on half the quotas we enjoyed before Brexit. It’s in the hands of the Government to change this through negotiations with coastal partner states such as Norway and Greenland. Not only could we secure British jobs and investment, we could cut off the hard currency that Putin so desperately wants to fund his war machine. 