Patrick has become best known to Emmerdale viewers as the loveable Rodney Blackstock, having joined the cast of the weeknight serial drama 22 years ago. The beloved character has been taking a backseat from the drama on the ITV soap of late, with the villager making guest appearances. However, he will be taking centre stage in the platinum jubilee pageant on Sunday to mark 70 years of Queen Elizabeth II being on the throne. The pageant, which is set to begin at 2pm Sunday June 5, 2022, will see recapture the seven decades of the monarch's reign. Having been a star of the stage and screen for many years during the Queen's time on the throne, Patrick will be included in the celebrations. As one of the most recognisable faces on British television, he will join the likes of other well-known public figures in the parade. Fans of the show will be able to spot him as he will be seen on one of the numerous open-top buses which will be driving through the streets of London. With her career taking off in the 1970s, he will be featuring to take viewers' minds back to what was happening at this time in the Queen's reign. READ MORE: Michael Le Vell age: How old is Coronation Street's Kevin Webster? Patrick starred in shows during the 1970s, including roles in Callan, Special Branch, Sweeney, The Avengers and Target. Speaking about taking on the role in the jubilee pageant, the soap star has addressed the time he met the Queen in person. The actor said: "I am greatly honoured to have been asked to join in the Queen's Platinum Jubilee Pageant celebrations. "Because of my work with The Lord's Taverners, The Variety Club of Great Britain and SPARKS charities, I have had the honour of meeting Her Majesty and Prince Philip on numerous occasions," he recalled. "I look forward to sharing this wonderful event with the nation and Her Majesty this Sunday," he concluded, with the actor now preparing himself to feature in the historic event. The actor has spoken out about how he got into acting when he was younger as he became a member of the Oxford amateur dramatic society at 11-years-old. Discussing why he got involved, the actor explained: "I suppose I was going to escape from the reality of home into some sort of fantasy world. "I loved acting - although it goes without saying my father loathed it. "He was a typical chauvinist, dyed-in-the-wool socialist who hated anything that was middle-class. He believed that acting was for poofs. He was never proud of the fact that I went to grammar school. "To him, it was a place where people talked posh and he hated that," the soap star continued in his interview with The Mirror. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Rosie Bentham pleads for co-star’s return 'A lot of drama' [COMMENT]'Traumatising' Emmerdale's Mark Charnock humiliated on the train [COMMENT]Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley addresses behind the scenes ‘trouble’ [COMMENT] "I was lively and bright. I excelled at sports and was captain of the athletics and cricket team, but he never set foot in that school," Patrick added. After making it in the 1970s, the role of Emmerdale came up at the beginning of the new millennium and it seems it's a part the actor always wanted. He said: "I can honestly say that I have never been happier." Without joining the amateur acting group when he was younger, it might have been Patrick would have never become one of the biggest stars of the 1970s. To add to his numerous roles over the years, he also missed out on playing the titular role of James Bond five times. Therefore, his appearance at this weekend's jubilee is going to be quite special as the celebrations are brought to a close. It won't just be celebrities featuring in the parade as all sorts of performers from the worlds of music, art, circus, theatre and more will be included. More than 10,000 people are going to be involved in the procession, which will be like a carnival as the parade culminates at the Mall outside Buckingham Palace. Of this, 6,000 will be volunteers, performers and key workers, with 2,500 being members of the general public. The procession will bring together members of the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth, of which the Queen has been the monarch for 70 years. Military personnel will also be included in the parade and the National Anthem will mark the end of the extended bank holiday weekend. Before then, there will be a concert on Saturday night outside of Buckingham Palace, bringing together some of the world's most beloved musical stars. Everyone from Andrea Bocelli to Alicia Keys, and Duran Duran will be a part of the Party at the Palace, with Diana Ross closing the show. Discussing taking part, the chart-topper said: "I have had the honour of meeting The Queen many times throughout my life, including when I was with my family. "Her Majesty has and continues to be such an incredible inspiration to so many across the world and I was absolutely delighted to receive an invitation to perform on such a momentous and historic occasion.” Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.