Sam Heughan and the rest of the cast of Outlander are officially back in production on the hit Starz series’ seventh season. As the highly anticipated continuation of Diana Gabaldon’s epic historical saga films in Scotland, Sam and his co-stars revealed their tips and tricks to surviving the cold weather. All the actors agreed that coffee and wrapping up warm were key to surviving filming in the cold months. Filming for season seven luckily got started in May this year, so the actors were able to avoid enduring the Scottish winter. However, their season six duties began back in February 2021 due to delays caused by the pandemic, so the cast had to go the extra mile to keep warm. “Scotland and shooting; it’s very troublesome,” Sam admitted. READ MORE: Stranger Things fans expose secret season 4 villain working with Vecna The Jamie Fraser star then offered his best advice on protecting the extremities safe from the bitter cold. He explained: “Little bootie warmers, you can get those things in the bottom of your boot that keep your toes warm.” Sam’s castmates Caitriona Balfe, Richard Rankin and Sophie Skelton also revealed how they stayed warm in an official interview for Starz. “My on-set survival kit, it’s growing,” Sophie said as she revealed she had taken a leaf out of Sam’s book. “I have electric socks because your feet get absolutely freezing, and your shoes leak, and it’s very, very muddy.” Caitriona added: “Lots and lots of layers under your costume. Heat packs in every pocket.” Despite stocking up on warm clothes and heat packs for the winter, the cast revealed they still find ways of getting distracted during filming. Richard offered a slightly different tip for the cast, explaining: “Coming prepared is good.” DON'T MISS:Game of Thrones fans slam HBO plans for Jon Snow sequel [REACTION]Naga Munchetty forced to step in after BBC sound issues [VIDEO]Abbott Elementary boss sparks frenzy with season 2 update [LATEST] “Learning your lines and not having to stress out that you’re going to screw up your scene because you stayed up too late last night playing games when you should have been learning your lines. “Which is something I never do, by the way,” he added with a smile. Sam also revealed breaking down into giggles was a regular occurrence for the Outlander cast. He said of himself and Caitriona: “Unfortunately I think we’re the only people that giggle now. I think everyone else is just tired of our stupidity.” Outlander’s stellar cast will certainly have to bring the fun to get through what is gearing up to be a gruelling journey for the Frasers next season. Not only has the family been separated after the murder of Malva Christie (played by Jessica Reynolds), but Claire (Balfe) is behind bars after being found at the scene of the crime. Plus, next season will pack a whopping 16 episodes after the sixth outing was reduced due to Covid restraints. The cast appears to be making good progress on the show’s current production, so hopefully it won’t be long before fans get to see the next chapter of Claire and Jamie’s adventure. Outlander seasons 1-6 are available to stream on StarzPlay.