Buckingham Palace, where the senior members of the Royal Family are appearing today on the balcony, is the official home of the British monarch. Although the Queen lives primarily in Windsor Castle now, this was her home from 1952 until the coronavirus pandemic began. Buckingham Palace is at the centre of the UK’s constitutional monarchy and is often the stage for major events and visits from foreign heads of state. Royals appearing on the balcony today include the Queen, Prince Charles and Camilla, Prince William, Kate Middleton and their three children, Prince Edward and Sophie Wessex, Lady Louise Windsor, James, Viscount Severn, Princess Anne, the Gloucesters and the Kents. Non-working royals such as Prince Harry, Meghan Markle, Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie, and Zara Tindall will not make an appearance on the balcony. The palace has 775 rooms, including a gallery, stunning gardens and a ballroom. The property is also the birthplace of both Prince Charles and Prince Andrew. They were both christened there as well, plus Princess Anne and Prince William. Many of the rooms are private but royal fans can catch a glimpse of some of the palace’s highlights.  Back in October 2020, Kate Middleton and Prince William were photographed in the throne room with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and his wife Olena. The room was stunning and regal with red and gold furnishings and a large marble fireplace. Gold framed mirrors and bold red carpets made the room look even more eye-catching. Over the past 200 years, the room has had many uses. It has been the setting for spectacular balls during the reign of Queen Victoria to Investitures held by King George V.  The Palace Ballroom has a similar decor to the throne room and has been used to host guests and state dinners. The room has red carpets and a white horseshoe table in the centre. Gold panelling and candelabras are on the walls along with landscape paintings. Six chandeliers hang from the ceilings which make the room spectacularly lit.  This is one of 19 staterooms in the palace which has hosted both world leaders and other important guests. The room has several gold mirrors and a pink floral carpet. Blue and gold chairs match the carpets and add a splash of colour to the room. Famously William and Kate met with then-President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle in this room. This is where the Queen makes her yearly Christmas Day speech. The room has white walls, gold borders and red and cream carpets. Family photos placed on a wooden table can often be seen by viewers when the Queen gives her speech. The room also has an impressive chandelier that hangs over a gold grand piano.  The Picture Gallery at Buckingham Palace has been a setting for many receptions. The gallery contains paintings by Rubens, Van Dyck and Canaletto among many others. The room was designed by architect John Nash for George IV. Buckingham Palace is home to a 39-acre garden which is the Queen’s private London Garden. It is also the location for the Queen’s Garden parties which have around 24,000 guests. The garden has 325 wild plant species, 30 species of breeding birds, and over 1,000 trees, including 98 plane trees and 85 different species of oak. 