 The ever-increasing prices mean that the average price to fill up a family car with petrol is set to exceed £100 for the first time. This has prompted the Government to threaten retailers selling at higher prices with being “named and shamed” after concerns the Chancellor’s 5p cut is not reflected on petrol station forecourts.   According to data firm Experian Catalist on Tuesday, one litre of petrol costs an average of 180.7p which is an increase of 2.2p from Monday. The automotive services company, RAC noted that this is the biggest daily jump in 17 years and that if the worrying trend is set to continue, the cost of filling up a 55-litre family car will surpass £100 for the first time in history. The RAC tweeted: “We strongly urge the Government to take drastic action to help soften the impact for drivers from these never-before-seen pump prices.” RAC spokesperson Simon Williams told Sky News: “The average price of petrol endured its biggest daily jump in 17 years by going more than 2p (2.23p) a litre on Tuesday taking it to nearly 181p a litre (180.73p).   “Diesel increased by almost 1.5p to yet another record high at 186.57p. “A full tank of unleaded has now shot up to £99.40, moving us ever closer to the milestone £100 petrol fill-up – an unfortunate landmark we may reach as soon as tomorrow.” In response to the fuel crisis the Prime Minister’s official spokesperson said: “We are continuing to look at all possible options. READ MORE: What plants to prune now to help 'successful growth' in the garden   “Transparency may have an important role to play.” They added: “It is important the public understand what actions each of the fuel retailers are taking and so we are considering what further options we can take in this area.” Comparison website PetrolPrices has reported that fuel retailers up and down the country are already selling petrol over £2 per litre. Downing Street has threatened to “name and shame” those retailers who refuse to follow the 5p cut that Rishi Sunak announced in March. DON'T MISS: Plotting to oust Boris will end in electoral failure - PATRICK O'FLYNN [COMMENT]Johnson slammed for trying to regain trust with NHS rescue plan [REACTION]Queen should make key political decisions over Boris - new poll [INSIGHT]   The PM’s spokesperson said that the Competition and Markets Authority has the ability to investigate the forecourts and added: “We know that there has been variation in that, and we do want to see it passed on at all petrol stations. “We are not confident that that is happening across the board.” Currently the highest prices can be seen at BP garages with the highest price recorded at 202.9p on the A1 near Sunderland, Tyne and Wear; the M4 near Chippenham, Wiltshire; and the M6 near Burton-in-Kendal, Cumbria. On Tuesday, the average diesel price also went to a record high of 186.6p, up from 1.4p from Monday. 