Bryan Cranston’s award-winning stint as Walter White in AMC’s Breaking Bad will go down in history as one of TV’s greatest villains - in no small part down to his menacing portrayal of a high school teacher turned globally renowned meth manufacturer. For five seasons, viewers tuned in to see the shaven-headed and goatee-sporting Walt wreak havoc on Albuquerque and while he reprised the role in Netflix spin-off film El Camino as well as reportedly starring in the last season of Better Call Saul, actor Cranston has since ditched the look for his role in Paramount Plus flick Jerry and Marge Go Large. In it, a clean-shaven Cranston plays one half of a lottery-winning couple who use their winnings to revive their sleepy small town. However, it’s Cranston’s new look while appearing on an episode of The Late Show with Stephen Colbert to promote the movie which has got fans talking. The Emmy-winner joined Colbert earlier this week donning lengthy silver locks and a grown-out, bushy beard. Of course, it didn’t take long for host Colbert to poke fun at the new look just moments after the actor took his seat on the CBS show. READ MORE: Better Call Saul boss addresses clue Kim is still alive “Now, Bryan, it’s lovely to see you,” the talk show host began. “Thank you, I know you’re a busy man… “What with being a sea captain now,” he quipped, prompting raucous laughter from the studio audience. Cranston continued the joke: “I could be a sea captain, I could do the remake of Miracle on 34th Street. “Or I could be an Ol’ Timer Prospecter,” he quipped, donning an accent to raise laughter from the crowd. The pair even quipped he looked like a “19th century President” before Cranston struck a pose as if waiting for a photo. And it didn’t take long for viewers at home to also weigh in with their thoughts on Cranston’s unrecognisable transformation. Twitter user @jedfarcry223: “It's weird seeing Bryan Cranston with a beard when he is on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert.” While @LuvrGrlRose weighed in: “Bryan cranston’s beard is so cool.” DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul's Gus star tribute to 'adversary' Tony Dalton Better Call Saul season 6 boss defends Gene Takovic absenceBetter Call Saul season 6: Real reason behind midseason death exposed Ozark actor Kevin Johnson also added to the conversation: “Love @BryanCranston and the beard!” Elsewhere, Jennifer Johnson praised: “@colbertlateshow I love the way Bryan Cranston looks when he walked out with that ahead of hair and that mustache and then that beard. “I was like is that Bryan Cranston oh my goodness new fan I don't even see all those other shows I know about him but I didn't see him.” And @gamedinger_m joked: “That’s @BryanCranston? I usually like how he reinvents himself but did he just come out of the Amazon?” (Sic) Cranston may have left the look of Walter White behind him for now, but he is confirmed to reprise the role for the second half of Breaking Bad spin-off Better Call Saul. With just one half of the sixth and final season left to go, co-creator Peter Gould appeared to confirm his return alongside Aaron Paul’s Jesse Pinkman at this year’s PaleyFest event. Speaking prior to season six’s premiere, Gould simply teased: “They’re coming back.” Given neither Cranston nor Paul appeared in the first half of Better Call Saul opposite Saul Goodman (Bob Odenkirk), it’s likely a cameo is on the way when it returns later this year. The Late Show with Stephen Colbert airs weeknights at 11:35pm on CBS in the USA.