  Tayce has opened up about some “touching” advice she received from Graham Norton in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. The Ru Paul’s Drag Race UK star admitted she was moved by Graham’s words of wisdom when it came to the importance of family.      Tayce, 28, recently attended the launch of ABSOLUT’S Born to Mix fashion collaboration in London two weeks ago, where she teamed up with celebrity favourite London designer, Chet Lo, and the team from next gen collection Institute of Digital Fashion for a cutting-edge runway show. Before Tayce took to the catwalk, however, she shared a “tidbit” about legendary BBC talk show host Graham, 59. Speaking about meeting Graham and ITV’s Lorraine Kelly on Drag Race, she confirmed: “Honestly they’re amazing. “And I can tell you a fun little tidbit that I’ve only just thought about now,” she continued.      “So we did the Drag Race tour at the London Palladium and he (Graham Norton) came and he told me it was so amazing how supportive my family was.” Aside from being runner-up in the second season of Drag Race UK, Tayce is also the child of Roger Radix, a former bass guitarist for Wham! Reflecting on how Graham encouraged her to appreciate her family’s support, she continued: “It really touched me. “It touched my family as well, because I don’t know how many queer families have supportive parents and stuff.      “That’s something my parents have always really strived to live by. “I've always had great accepting support systems around me,” Tayce continued. “I think that's made me the person I am today and it’s something I wouldn’t ever take for granted. “It just kind of sparked that realisation that it’s maybe something I need to have a lot more appreciation for.       “Because I know, for example with friends that I know, people aren’t so accepting. “They get shoved down the street, they get disowned, they don’t have the support I had growing up. “So that’s why I feel very, very appreciative about the family I have. I’m grateful.” Tayce went on to speak about how her parents helped her become the confident, talented performer she is today.      “I had two parents that accepted me from day dot, so I never had to find a secondary or a third parental figure,” she reflected. “My mum always said, ‘Do what you want as long as you’re not hurting anyone’ and my dad was the same but musicality-wise he was the person that gave me so much.” Tayce appeared to have a fabulous night at the launch of ABSOLUT’S Born to Mix fashion collaboration in BOXPARK Shoreditch three weeks ago. Speaking about the fashion partnership she said: “The collaboration has been such a fun experience for me personally because I love the passion and energy of everyone I’m working with and everyone I’m working with I’m actually a fan of. I’m just so happy to be here right now today!”   