This Morning hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield were joined by former Blue Peter presenter Sarah Greene to celebrate 41 years of the BBC show's time capsule being buried. However, after feeling underwhelmed by what they found in the box, Phillip sparked panic when discussing whether the contents could be explosive. As the opening credits ended, Holly, Phillip and Sarah were sat dancing along to the Blue Theme tune from 1979-1989. Laughing along, Holly began: "We have a very exciting day today as you can see, we are joined with Blue Peter legend Sarah Greene." Phillip continued: "The reason Sarah is here today is to uncover a piece of history. "During recent building work at the Television Centre, the builders found a Blue Peter capsule that was buried 40 years ago." Excited about what they might find, Holly exclaimed: "It is so amazing, 40 years ago buried under the ground, and today we get to see what treasure lies inside." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Hope returns as he takes revenge on Samson "Sarah was presenting on the day the capsule was buried in March 1981, do you remember being there?" Phillip asked. Sarah admitted: "I do it was a very cold day in March, and I can't remember exactly what was in there, though, so it is going to be a surprise for me as it is for you." Whilst the rusty and decaying box sat on the table, the team had to bring in a professional to open the piece of history. As the lid was lifted off, the team were left surprised and underwhelmed at what they saw sitting in the box. Sarah laughed and said: "Oh... I don't think you need to see!" before covering the contents with her hands. She added: "Perhaps we should have wrapped things up a little more, I am not getting close enough to smell that." Trying to see the positive, Holly commented: "Do you know what? I reckon it is wrapped in plastic, and I reckon under there may be something salvageable, so we will have a little rummage." Sarah revealed: "We are going to find out a little later, aren't we? There is a film spool under there all about the building of the car park, the original one." DON'T MISS...Blue Peter's Janet Ellis speaks out on losing husband [INSIGHT]Countryfile's Matt Baker fumes over family dilemma [LATEST]Sarah Greene received dating advice from former husband 'beyond grave [MORE] Whilst the girls were laughing about what they had found, Phillip looked concerned at the box before asking: "Am I right in saying that, isn't old film quite explosive?" Shocked at the revelation, Holly leapt back in fear and exclaimed: "What!" before Sarah agreed: "Yeah, so stand right back in case it bubbles up in a Doctor Who-type way!" "Yeah, nitrate, so handle it with care," Phillip shared. Sarah revealed that she began to remember what was put inside the box, which included projects made by the children on the show. Holly joked: "You may have to remind us because I don't think we are able to go through it! Good luck with that, you better get your marigolds on." Sarah left Holly and Phillip to try and see what she could salvage in the box and added that they would be joining her later to bury a new box with items from the This Morning studio. Blue Peter is the longest-running children's TV show in the world, with the first episode airing in 1958. The show currently airs on CBBC on Fridays at 5pm and is hosted by Richie Driss, Mwasky Mudenda and Adam Beales. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.