Cleaning fans have shared their hack for “dust problems” in the home. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a cleaning and lifestyle influencer with more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram. Fans of hers are so enamoured by her cleaning and tidying tips, they have set up their own social media groups in her name. In these groups, social media users share their own cleaning methods for tasks around the home. On one such group, Facebook user Ally Saxon asked Mrs Hinch fans: “I have a huge dust problem in my house I don’t know why it’s so bad. “I do have a tumble dryer but I was just wondering what the best way is to clean it. “A duster is just moving it into the air to settle again. READ MORE: How to get rid of ‘pesky’ garden weeds using cupboard essentials “Everything I’m using is leaving bits on the item. “Worst things are my metal black blinds in my hallway. Thank you in advance.” Ally’s post was inundated with more than 60 responses but the most popular suggestion was to use tumble dryer sheets. Melanie Evans said: “Tumble dryer sheets work well. They’re anti-static.” DON'T MISSStop ants damaging plants using 70p method - ‘fatal to them’ [INSIGHT]How to get rid of ‘pesky’ garden weeds using cupboard essentials [UPDATE]Houseplants: ‘Great tip’ to get plants to ‘thrive’ indoors [ANALYSIS] Danielle Harrington Stone commented: “Dryer sheets collect dust if you wipe things down with them.” Missy Taraewa replied: “I use tumble dryer sheets - works perfect.” Alex Baker wrote: “Tumble dryer sheets. Keeps the dust at bay for longer.” Tumble dryer sheets are an affordable solution for removing dust. Lenor Tumble Dryer Sheets Spring Awakening cost £3 from Waitrose. Nice 'N' Fluffy Tumble Dryer Sheets cost £1 from Fab Finds. Comfort Intense Tumble Dryer Sheets Fresh Sky are £1.50 from Wilko. Sainsbury's Clear Skies Tumble Dryer Sheets cost £1.80. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using dry shampoo, fabric softener and cleaning wipes. Anne Barnes said: “If you use dry shampoo that settles on surfaces in the room you spray it in.”  Sandyholmes Holmes commented: “Fabric softener solution with a microfibre cloth. “Wring the cloth out so it's slightly damp to dust. Keeps dust off surfaces longer.” Joyce Goodaire responded: “Instead of spraying polish on the furniture spray your duster instead.” Michelle Fudge wrote: “Damp dust, use one cloth that to remove dust then buff with a dry cloth. “I find terry towelling is best like an old tea towel.” Nikki Jackson said: “Hoover using brush attached. “I hoover window ledges and all sorts.”