Lewis Hamilton took aim at Max Verstappen after the Canadian Grand Prix, claiming the Red Bull driver “doesn’t know what I’m talking about”. Hamilton was unsure how his car would handle at the British Grand Prix due to the team’s bouncing issues. However, he took aim at Verstappen as Red Bull continued to argue against rule changes to solve porpoising issues. Speaking in the post-race press conference, the Mercedes driver said: “We're better in the medium and high-speed corners than we are in the low-speed corners. “But we have bouncing so I don't know how it's going to be. Max doesn't know what I'm talking about but I know Carlos knows what I'm saying. It will be interesting for us there." The comment came after the pair enjoyed their first on-track battle since last year’s Abu Dhabi finale after Hamilton jumped Verstappen during the Dutchman’s second pitstop. Mercedes have struggled with bouncing issues all season with Hamilton visibly in pain after last week's Azerbaijan Grand Prix. READ MORE: Max Verstappen mocks Lewis Hamilton's car after Canadian GP victory Red Bull has not suffered the same problems and criticised teams who have called out for changes. Hamilton and Verstappen even clashed during the drivers' press conference on Friday. The pair have differing views on whether the FIA should intervene to address porpoising issues, with Red Bull firmly against any updates. On Friday, Verstappen said it was “not correct” that the FIA were getting involved after the governing body issued a technical directive to look into the issues. However, Hamilton hit back, claiming safety was the most important thing, He also appeared to question Verstappen's true feelings, claiming some drivers “say different things” away from the cameras. DON'T MISSCharles Leclerc offers Lewis Hamilton and George Russell verdict [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen's backroom chat caught on camera  [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton 'ecstatic' as Brit fires warning to Max Verstappen  [COMMENT] The seven-time champion explained: “Yeah, I mean, I was always interesting seeing people's perspectives and opinions in different lights. Obviously in front of you it's one thing and another in the background, sometimes people say different things. “But ultimately, I think safety is the most important thing. And I don't think… I think there's at least one driver in every team has spoken on it and I don’t think it’s going to change a huge amount but I think there is a lot of work to be done and it’s positive that the FIA are working towards improving things.”