With mini heatwaves expected over the next few months, the Met Office has announced that the UK could be hotter than popular holiday destinations such as Jamaica, Portugal and the Canary Islands. While the hot weather is ideal for those unable to jet off abroad, getting a good night’s sleep without an air con can be a challenge. That’s why experts have shared their ways to keep a bedroom cool during the hot weather. Molly Freshwater, bedroom and interiors expert said: “The moment a heatwave is announced, people rush to shops to buy the coveted electric fan to keep our bedrooms cool. “But fans can be noisy and not accessible to everyone, with having to keep them turned on all night. “There are a few tips and tricks you can turn to, to make your summer night’s sleep more pleasant so you can still wake up feeling rested and refreshed in the morning. “A lot of it comes down to how you leave your room in the day, as taking a few preventative measures can drastically reduce the stuffiness of your bedroom in the evening.” Molly suggested homeowners use a “damp bed sheet” to help cool their bedrooms down. READ MORE: How to cool down a hot room without air conditioning She explained: “A tip is to hang a damp sheet from your curtain pole in front of your open window at night. “When the cooler evening wind catches the damp sheets in the window, it will help to disperse a cool breeze across the room, making the most of any breeze and leave it feeling less humid.” This is perfect for those who do not have a fan at their disposal as it works in a similar way to the ice and fan trick. Molly also suggested adding “cool-room plants” to bedrooms as she noted that “there are certain plants that can help keep us cool by taking the humidity out of the air”. She continued: “Plants such as snake plants (or mother-in-law's tongue) have a high-water content and release cool moisture into your room as it transpires. DON'T MISS: ‘Best time of day’ to water plants ‘when it’s hot’ - when to avoid [INSIGHT]‘The best way’ to get your lawn to ‘thrive’ for summer - ‘important’ [EXPERT]Use ‘pinching’ trick to get ‘the best results’ from your tomato plants [TIPS] “It’s also known to have properties that help naturally remove toxins from the air, and reduce oxygen, further helping to keep you cool. “Palms are also a good option, as they have a large leaf surface area, producing more oxygen keeping you feeling cool during summer months in your bedroom. Aloe Vera and Bamboo are also good options.” Helen O’Connor, Product Manager at 247 Blinds and 247 Curtains suggested limiting the amount of light entering your room. Blinds and curtains aren’t just used for keeping the light out, they can also be used to effectively control the temperature in your home - which is especially useful when it comes to the bedroom. Helen said: “To begin with, consider factors such as which direction your window faces. For example, a south-facing room will benefit from thicker, thermal materials to help keep it cool. “Generally speaking, wooden venetian blinds and plantation shutters are great for keeping the temperature down in the home as they allow you to adjust the amount of light filtering into the room by altering the size of the gap between the slats. “The wood also acts as a natural heat conductor, helping to keep the warm air out during the summer months. “If you want to completely block out the sunlight, opt for blackout curtains as the thick fabric will not only help to regulate the temperature of the house, but also ensure you get a better night’s sleep during the brighter months and lighter mornings.” Adam Pawson, Head of Digital at Safestyle explained that it is important to get your window treatment right. With hot weather, it is tempting to crack open all of the windows in bedrooms, however, this isn’t always the smartest option. Deciding whether to keep our windows closed or open them slightly involves considering the direction the sun is facing. North-facing and south-facing windows need different treatment when it comes to cooling down our rooms. Adam said: “Choosing whether to open your windows or keep them closed depends on their positioning. “If your windows are south-facing, it is best to close your curtains or blinds, or put the window in the night vent position to allow some air in. “Whereas, if your windows are north-facing, it’s advised to keep them shut to avoid any hot air coming in.”