Jennifer Aniston, 53, has debunked a viral TikTok explaining the recipe of a salad she purportedly ate every day while working on the Friends set. It was claimed that the salad was the key to her svelte figure - and garnered hundreds of thousands of views. Lovely Delites food blogger Hannah posted a recipe for the salad, which included red onion, cucumber, pistachios, fresh parsley, fresh mint and chickpeas. The unique take on a traditional Cobb reportedly came from an interview with Courteney Cox, who said the Rachel Green actress made it for herself and her female co-stars every day. But Jennifer has now admitted this isn’t quite true - and she didn’t think the salad was good for the “digestive tract” anyway. “Well, that salad, dare I debunk that? That’s not the salad that I had every day on Friends,” she said.  “I feel terrible because it’s literally taken off like crazy, and it looks like a delicious salad, by the way, but that’s not the one that I had on Friends. “I would never have that much chickpea in a salad, to be honest. “Not good for the digestive tract,” she added to Elle. Taking to video sharing app TikTok, Hannah had originally said: “It was a Cobb salad that Jennifer doctored up with turkey bacon and garbanzo beans and I don’t know what. “She just has a way with food, which really helps. “Because if you’re going to eat the same salad every day for 10 years, it’d better be a good salad, right?” Jennifer is famed for her unusual eating habits - though the results are evident in her gym-honed body. She once revealed that if she fancies an unhealthy snack, she will only allow herself to eat one of whatever it is.  The actress admitted she knew it was an "annoying" answer. “I'm good at that. I can have one M&M, one chip,” she told InStyle. "I know, that's so annoying.” The Morning Show star also exercises a lot, with workouts ranging from yoga to boxing.  “There's something about the mental aspect of boxing — the drills, your brain has to work, you're not just sitting on a bike," she said. "Boxing is a great way to get aggression out. “You get a mental release of all this c**p you're taking into your ears and eyes every day and have little fantasy moments imagining who you're punching."