The double decker bus caught on fire on Christchurch Road in Streatham Hill, Brixton, south London. Shocking video footage shows the bus engulfed by flames as plumes of black smoke rise into the air.  Panicked onlookers were pictured crowding in Brixton to watch the fire. Eyewitness Helen Chandler-Wilde posted on Twitter: "Well this is frightening! Bus in Brixton pulled into the stop and promptly caught on fire. "Huge flames & crashing as bits of it were burned off. Stay safe in the heat!"  Another posted: "Omg bus on fire #Brixton." Fire crews were called to the scene at 9.50am after recieving 19 calls. The fire was put out by 10.22am. Parts of the bus were damaged by the fire.  READ MORE: Shocking footage shows firefighters at scene of terrifying bush blaze There were no reports of injuries. The bus driver and passengers were able to leave the bus before the fire brigade arrived. A spokeswoman for London Fire Brigade said: "Firefighters were called to a bus alight on Christchurch Road in Streatham Hill.  DON'T MISS Huge plume of black smoke billows in London as firefighters on scene [VIDEO]Blaze raging in London as firefighters battle massive flames [PICTURES]Moscow in FLAMES: 'Suspicious' explosion as factory burns [INSIGHT] "Part of a double decker bus was damaged by fire. The driver and passengers left the bus before the Brigade arrived. There were no reports of any injuries. "The Brigade’s 999 Control Officers took 19 calls to the blaze. "The Brigade was called at 9.50am and the fire was under control by 10.22am. One fire engine from  Brixton Fire Station attended the scene."  The fire broke out on what is expected to be the hottest day of the year. The A23 Brixton Hill was closed to traffic between New Park Road and the A205 South Circular, although the BBC reported some buses have been allowed to pass. Transport for London said an urgent investigation has been launched.  Head of operations, Marlon Osborne, said: "The incident on a bus in Brixton this morning must have been really frightening for those involved. "Thankfully all passengers were evacuated and there are no injuries. "We are working closely with the emergency services and the operator to urgently investigate what happened."