NATO’s Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg has announced at Madrid’s NATO Summit that the alliance will ratchet up its military presence in Russia's neighbouring countries by deploying 300,000 additional high-readiness troops in the Baltic States and five other frontline countries. In a dramatic move to counter any potential Russian incursion, he said beefing up troops to that level would amount to "the biggest overhaul of our collective defence and deterrence since the cold war." Former Deputy Supreme Allied Commander Europe for NATO, General Sir Richard Shirreff, argues this is the right course of action to take amid Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine to deter spill-over into NATO countries. Speaking to Sky News, he said: "I think we should not in any way understate the importance of this NATO summit. This NATO Summit is probably the most important summit in over 70 years of the NATO alliance." On the rise in troop numbers deployed, he said: "And what this represents is a massive inflexion, a total strategic shift, a recognition by the 30 members of the alliance that they face potentially an existential threat from the aggression of Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin. "And the only way to ensure that the hot war in Ukraine does not become a hot war engulfing the whole of the European-transatlantic region is to go down the road of increased deterrents, increasing effective forces. "So, this is some way toward achieving that. At the same time, of course, if NATO is to ramp up the support supplies, and offensive weaponry and support Ukraine in that task of ultimately defeating Putin, the alliance is taking risks. So, there’s also a way of managing that risk." "But let’s be clear, this is a fundamental mindset change," General Shirreff said. "It will need a further mindset change. Because to do this and to make sure it’s really effective those 300,000 are really effective, it’s going to be rearmament, increasing defence budget, rebuilding lost capabilities, turning up the industrial base of all our nations to provide the ammunition, explosives, missiles. “So, this is a big day for NATO." When pressed on his claim that NATO would be taking a risk, he said: "Yes, the alliance is taking a risk by providing this solid weaponry and support that it has been providing and needs to provide in greater quantities to Zelensky. Because there’s always the risk of Russian escalation. And a way to face down that and to deter that risk is to deter by strength, by capability, by establishing a deterrent band of steel from the Baltic to the Black Sea." READ MORE: Putin will 'kill whoever he has to' — Zelensky warned General Shirreff said: "There’s quite a long way to do that but it’s going a long way. It’ll see increased force levels in Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and other parts of Poland and other NATO nations. But it will also identify an earmark high readiness force that can move seamlessly and quickly if needed to meet a crisis. "And to do that, they got to have pre-assigned positions. They need to know exactly and have a really precise idea of what their tasks are. They will need pre-positioned supplies, and armament and have to practice regularly reinforcement." On how the move could change the war dynamic and change Putin’s aggressor position, he said: "It’s not going to stop him doing what he’s doing in Ukraine. Let’s be clear about that. The only thing that’s going to stop him what he’s doing in Ukraine – and actually stop him from going on to do further ghastly things to other former countries which were formerly occupied by the Soviet Union – is through defeating him." DON'T MISS:Putin 'could suffer same fate as Gaddafi or Hussein'—chilling forecast [REPORT]'Russia is at war with us' Ex-NATO commander warns of Russia's threat [REPORT]Cold War returns as UK looks to steal Russia's top brains [REPORT] "Because there will never be peace in Europe while Putin is in the Kremlin, or Putin’s regime is in the Kremlin put it that way. So, what’s different is number, size, and strength." Sky News’ Ukraine reporter then asked: "But that’s not NATO can get involved directly, is it?" "No," Mr Shirreff said. "But what NATO can do is to provide the tools for Ukraine to do the job. As I said earlier, doing that in that sort of quantities and with a tempo required, is raising risks for NATO. By this ramp-up of capability in the alliance on NATO’s eastern flank, it will deter further escalation." READ NEXT:NATO chief vows to BREAK Russia's grip on energyRussian strike indicates Putin '2 fingers up to the west' Putin sends in old men and reserves as Russia 'running low on leaders'Erdogan could be about to pull rug from under Russia after NATO talks Tory minister warns ‘insane’ Putin that UK will fight Russia for NATO