Rafael Nadal was spotted asking the umpire if he was allowed to go for a quick toilet break after Alexander Zverev exited the court in a wheelchair. Nadal was up against it in his match versus Zverev but took the opening set. The second followed a similar fashion with both players putting on a clinic in fighting back. The pair dropped serve four times each before a tie-break looked inevitable. Zverev was battling to prevent that from happening, but ended up turning his ankle badly as Nadal won the point to force a tie-break. But there was serious concern on Zverev's side of the court as he cried in pain and hit the floor after hurting his ankle. Nadal cut a forlorn figure as he slowly made his way over to Zverev's side of the net, with the crowd inside Court Philippe-Chatrier stunned to silence. Zverev's cries were loud as the physio rushed to his aide and tried to help him to his feet. JUST IN: Zverev's brother thanks 'special' Nadal after freak French Open injury   But the world No 3 was unable to put any weight on his ankle and needed a wheelchair to take him off the court. Even though at that point it looked as though Zverev would be unable to continue, Nadal still wanted to check that he was within the rules in going for a toilet break while his opponent received treatment. He said to the umpire: "If I go to do ..uh..p**s during that time, it's counting?" The umpire replied: "It's counting, but it's better if you go now... Then you have one more." DON'T MISS  The ATP introduced new rules relating to toilet breaks back in November last year in response to some controversial circumstances. Stefanos Tsitsipas came under heavy scrutiny during his US Open match against Andy Murray after he took a seven-minute break. The new rules stated that players "may only take one toilet break per match" and they can "only be taken during a set break". Nadal's query about the toilet break came as Zverev was receiving treatment back in the changing room on his damaged foot. The Spaniard then went off the court but returned just a few minutes later with Zverev walking with crutches. It was confirmed that Zverev would not be able to continue and Nadal progressed to his 14th French Open final.