The Department for Work & Pensions seems hellbent on making us work until we drop, to ease the strain on the Treasury. Those who are frustrated by being forced to carry on working to age 66 should spare a thought for the younger generation. They will have to work on and on. The DWP has confirmed that the qualifying age for the State Pension is set to rise earlier than originally planned. In 2026, the State Pension will start climbing from age 66 to 67, a process that will be completed in 2028. After that, the plan was to increase it to age 68, between 2044 and 2046. That has now been brought forward by SEVEN years. So the retirement age will now rise to 68 between 2037 and 2039. This has dashed hopes that the State Pension age would be REDUCED, to reflect recent falls in life expectancy. As if that was ever going to happen. The retirement age is only going in one direction from here – and that's up. HAVE YOUR SAY - SHOULD RISHI INTERVENE IN THE STATE PENSION AGE RISE? Forcing everyone to work later in life is a blow, especially for those doing manual jobs or struggling with their health. I've interviewed dozens of so-called Waspi women who were caught out when the State Pension age for women was lifted from 60 to 65, then 66. Many didn’t even know it was happening, until the last minute. They spent five or six years scraping by until their State Pension finally kicked in. It's an experience millions more will face, as the Government’s programme of increasing retirement age is accelerated. Every expert I know is convinced the State Pension age is now on course to rise to 70 and beyond. Younger workers need to be ready for it. Older people should breathe a sigh of relief that they have been able to retire at some point, even though the State Pension pays a pittance. READ MORE: Waspi woman's desperate step after State Pension snub. Burned fence As life expectancy climbs, and the ratio of workers to pensioners shrinks, it's inevitable that the State Pension will rise further. In 2021/22, the government calculates that the UK spent an estimated £104.86 billion on the State Pension. That’s around 12 percent of all public spending. This year’s 3.1 per cent triple lock increase will lift the total bill to around £108.1 billion for the 2022/23 tax year. If the pension increases by 10 per cent next year, in line with the predicted inflation figure for September, the cost could hit a staggering £118.9 billion in 2023/24. The Treasury will have run its own more sophisticated figures, and I bet they scare the life out of them. Now here’s the biggest problem of all. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry and Meghan Markle slapped down over private jet use [LATEST]UK to send MORE weapons to Ukraine as EU's support exposed [INSIGHT]How to get rid of weeds between paving stones - white vinegar mixture [GUIDE] People may be living longer, but they aren't living healthier lives. Growing numbers pick up health conditions in their 50s, making it hard to work. Since the pandemic, at least 300,000 over 50s have dropped out of the workforce through illness or exhaustion. Ageism in the workplace is another challenge, as too many employees favour hiring younger workers over older ones. The way around this would be for everybody to build ample pension and Isas in their own name, to allow them to retire early if need be. That has never been easy for those on lower incomes, and the cost of living crisis will only make it harder. The only sensible solution that I can see is allowing people to take their State Pension at an earlier age, if need be, but at a reduced rate. There are growing calls for this to happen. Will the government listen?