An Airbnb superhost has revealed for the first time in nine years, that her summer calendar is not full with bookings. Kathryn Flett, has been left wondering whether the Great British staycation has run its course. Kathryn said she had a “bumper post-lockdown staycation season” last year. Her property was fully booked from May to October. This year, however, is a different story; she has a lot of availability. “Usually, all the school holiday weeks are fully booked by early May, but this year I still have availability in July and August,” she explained, “as well as the months either side”. READ MORE: Over half of Brits have had holiday romance - and have extended trip Kathryn’s property is within a holiday resort, and she is part of a Facebook group with other property owners. Apparently, the social media group is full of posts asking “‘Anyone know what's going on… anybody else not getting bookings?’” While Kathryn is “disappointed” she is not “particularly surprised”. She said that following two years of lockdown, people have “fallen out of love with the UK”. DON'T MISS...Camilla Parker Bowles’ favourite meal is a British household staple [INSIDER]Ideal temperature to ‘effectively’ clean bed sheets - ‘kills bacteria’ [EXCLUSIVE]Easy way to reduce 'signs of ageing' without botox or fillers [BEAUTY] The cost of living crisis has also not helped matters. Airbnbs used to be a good resource to find bargain getaways, but “some properties are priced higher than hotels”. There have also been suggestions that hosts are “price-hiking” and being “grabby”. Kathryn, who, like many has had to increase the cost of a stay at her property, explained why. READ MORE: Staycation destinations 2022: 6 UK landmarks you have to visit She told the Telegraph she is “passing on the costs from suppliers”. Last year, it used to cost £75 per changeover clean. This year, it costs £150 for the same service. It comes as three percent of English households own second homes. Recent figures also suggest that Cornwall has 12,776 of them. Of which, more than 11,000 are holiday lets. In Cornwall, the tourism sector is the biggest employer - supporting one in five jobs.