Kate, 40, has tried to save what is left of the relationship between her husband William and Harry, according to reports. The Duchess recently called up her brother-in-law Harry, who lives with Meghan in California, a royal insider claimed. Kate offered the olive branch in a bid to smooth tensions between the Cambridges and the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who dramatically announced they were stepping back from their royal roles more than two years ago. The insider said: “There’s a small glimpse of hope of saving the brothers from never speaking again: Kate. “She can sense that despite everything that has happened, William still feels the loss of Harry.” The insider, who spoke to US Weekly last week, claimed that Kate is “frantically trying to play peacemaker” between William and Harry, and has spoken to them both. However, as Kate tries to mend Sussex-Cambridge ties, an unearthed interview exposes William’s alleged role in the feud between the two royal couples. A longstanding former royal staffer for Harry and William’s father Prince Charles claimed in 2019 that the Duke of Cambridge has lost the “control” he once wielded over his fellow royals after Meghan married into the Royal Family. JUST IN: Spat as Sussex Squad warned by Kate and Will's supporters she will 'continue to rise' Speaking to the Sunday Times, they said: “William’s quite controlling, and he was in control when it was just the three of them, but now he’s not. “I personally wouldn’t overegg Meghan’s role in all this because it’s unfair, but equally she knows what she’s doing as an actress from Hollywood. “She knows all the tricks, she understands the power of social media, and Harry’s getting into all that because he doesn’t much like traditional media either. “So, they’re maxing up their standalone brand. William’s going to have to get used to it.” In her analysis of the rift, author of the piece, Sophia Money-Coutts described Kate and Meghan as “very different people”. She also quoted another royal member of staff who claimed that some of the blame has perhaps been unfairly laid at Meghan’s door. They said: “Palace insiders are actively briefing against Meghan because people are finding her so difficult to work with.” In recent months, Meghan and Harry have continued to carve out new lives for themselves in their new home of Montecito, California, where they spend much of their time. However, earlier this month, the Sussexes did make a rare trip to the UK for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The couple attended a Thanksgiving service at St Paul's Cathedral in London as part of the celebrations to mark Her Majesty’s 70-year reign. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry's California nicknames exposed! Duchess' new friend lets slip in post [LATEST]Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry speak of family moments at Jubilee? [INSIGHT]Royal poll: Should the Royal Family give up trying to keep the Commonwealth? [ANALYSIS] However, they were sat separately from William and Kate, and were not spotted mixing with the Cambridges at any point. Last week, another royal insider also hinted at continued disharmony between the Cambridges and the Sussexes. The source claimed that Harry and William’s brotherly bond “hit rock bottom” after the Sussexes’ infamous sit-down interview with Oprah Winfrey for CBS last year. Speaking to US Weekly, they claimed William “doesn’t know who [Harry] is anymore and the trust between them is strained.” Harry and Meghan opened up to Oprah about the pressures of life as a senior royal in the glare of the media spotlight. However, the Duke of Sussex also claimed that his brother still held a special place in his heart. During the interview, he said: “I love William to bits. We’ve been through hell together and we have a shared experience, but we are on different paths.”