The delegates were to be given a dose of reality rather than a bromide of sentimentality. Against the backdrop of soaring inflation, union discontent and stagnant growth, he told them that “the cosy world of tax cuts and deficit spending” was no longer an option. “In all candour,” he added, Britain can not “go on paying ourselves more than the value of what we produce”. Callaghan’s lecture did not go down well with the activists, who refused to give him a standing ovation. But he was telling the truth, and his warnings are just as pertinent today for the Tories as they were almost half a century ago for Labour. As Boris Johnson’s Cabinet struggles with economic problems and dwindling popularity, pressure is cranking up within the Conservative Party for major tax cuts. Led by figures such as the former EU negotiator Lord Frost, this chorus of slashers sees such an approach as the magic bullet to end the Government’s woes. A big reduction in taxation would not only ease the cost-of-living crisis by boosting incomes and incentivizing enterprise, but would also revive the party’s political fortunes. On a similar tack, many Tories believe that the Government will pay a high price if cuts are not made soon. “We’re not in a good place. We have to reduce both personal and corporation tax levels,” says one minister. While this agenda might be superficially appealing, it is fiscally unaffordable and economically misguided. With the public finances in dire straits after Covid, any decision to lower taxes immediately would be the height of irresponsibility, creating further long-term pain for illusory short-term gain. “The money isn’t there to cut taxes,” says a weary member of the Treasury. It is true that the tax burden is now at its highest level in 71 years, but that is because public spending has increased dramatically in recent years. In this culture of relentless fiscal expansion, epitomised by the massive Covid furlough scheme, the total public sector debt stands at over £2trillion, the equivalent of more than 82 per cent of Britain’s gross domestic product. The Government’s interest payments alone come to more than £70billion a year, far more than is spent on defence or policing. Meanwhile, the annual fiscal deficit in April came to £152billion, £20billion higher than the Office for Budget Responsibility had forecast. This is not the time to facilitate unfunded tax cuts. Indeed, some senior policy-makers think the demand for such measures reveals both an economic illiteracy and a panicky mood betraying the Tories’ reputation for sound money. As the calls for cuts heightened over the weekend, a Downing Street insider complained, “Three weeks ago the party was screaming that it wanted a big bung to the public. Now they are screaming for tax cuts. This isn’t nursery school. This is grown-up politics.” A lot of the tax slashers like to see themselves as modern Thatcherites. But in 1981, when the British economy was in serious trouble, Margaret Thatcher and her Chancellor Sir Geoffrey Howe actually put up taxes to help bring inflation under control. This was one of her premiership’s defining moments, paving the way for a new era of prosperity and fiscal restraint. It was only later in the decade, when Government spending had been significantly reduced, that she felt able to impose big tax cuts. There are only two ways that tax cuts can be funded. The first is through borrowing, which has the affect of pushing up prices, debts and interest payments. With inflation currently at over 9 per cent, that would be a disastrous road to take. The second is by lowering spending. Given that the state now swallows over £1trillion a year, there is plenty of scope. The size of Government bureaucracy, for instance, has become far too large, dominated by endless tiers of bureaucrats. In the last five years alone, more than 90,000 civil servants have been added to the payroll. Similarly, cutting out fraud and abuse in the welfare system could save £8billion a year. The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development has warned that Britain could have the lowest growth among the G7 countries this year. If recession is to be avoided here, inflation has to be tackled and sanity restored to the public finances. Only when those essential goals are achieved can the nation afford to chop the tax bill.