Journalist Camilla Tominey branded Meghan and Harry "second row royals" while discussing the Royal Family on Wednesday's instalment of This Morning. Camilla stated the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations have "not helped their royal status" in America. It comes after the Sussexes were sat away from the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge while marking the monarch's 70-year reign.  Presenters Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield discussed the historic Jubilee weekend and the Sussexes on the ITV talk show. During the conversation, Camilla weighed in on Harry and Meghan's decision to step down as senior royals. Camilla began: "As we saw, very visually there, they are now second row royals because of their non-working status." Holly chimed in: "Because that is what they both wanted." READ MORE: Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting  Camilla agreed and echoed Holly's comment, adding: "And actually, maybe there is a multi-billion dollar reason why that suits them perfectly fine." "Look I am just making a point," she added. "That is what they chose, that separation of powers." However, Holly interjected to make it clear to viewers their decision to step down as senior royals may not have been financially motivated. Camilla clapped back: "Well, I am saying that the finances probably soften the blow because they are stars in America."    Phillip then challenged the royal expert: "To get the multi-million [dollar] deals and be stars in America, don't the Americans have to see them being sort of centre stage?" Camilla told Phillip: "You could say last weekend has not really helped their royal status in the US. "But what I am saying is if you have signed multi-million dollar deals with the likes of Netflix and Spotify and what have you, then that gives you a degree of financial comfort to care less perhaps about your standing." The couple is reportedly working on a docuseries for Netflix about their life at home in Montecito, California. DON'T MISS...Most popular royal outfit from the Jubilee weekend announced [ROYALS]Royal fans back Kate & William over Lilibet's party absence [UPDATE] Meghan Markle says 'goodbye to royal rules' with controversial look [PICTURES]  Camilla also revealed there was still “hurt” over Harry and Meghan's tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey. She told Holly and Phillip there was no interaction between the Sussexes and Cambridges at all during the Jubilee weekend. She said: “Part of that was because of the diary so on the Saturday of course, William and Kate took George and Charlotte for their first public engagement in Wales, Lilibet had the birthday party at Frogmore Cottage, their Windsor home. “My understanding is the Phillips and the Tindall children went there while their parents were at the Derby but that’s about it.   “They had other friends there and one of them took a photo of Lilibet which we saw in the papers." Camilla added: “There’s a bit of consternation over the timing of that because it was released within 24 hours of the celebrations." Had the Sussexes not stepped down from public duties they would have "shared the spotlight with the Cambridges" Camilla stated earlier his week. This Morning continues on weekdays at 10am on ITV.  