Rebekah Vardy, 40, has dominated headlines in recent months in a very public trial against fellow WAG Coleen Rooney, 36. Loose Women panellist Denise Welch, 64, has caused a stir among her Twitter followers after she shared a picture of Rebekah along with a former X Factor contestant. Denise took to Twitter this morning to post a picture in view of her 530,000 followers. The post included a picture of Rebekah along with former X Factor star Sam Bailey, with Denise commenting on their resemblance. She captioned the post: "Have Sam Bailey & Rebecca Vardy ever been seen in the same room?" Many social media users rushed to the comments to share their view on the comparison and Denise' post, as some did not think the pair looked anything alike. READ MORE: X Factor star hit by tragedy as fiancee dies on wedding morning MickW1964 joked: "I can feel another court case looming @RealDeniseWelch." Jorrath19 added: "Have you been to @Specsavers recently Denise?" Huelwn1968 commented: "What's the point in this post??" Supernanny1032 quipped: "That's an insult to Sam Bailey!" Denise' post comes after she recently urged viewers to "shut up" and turn off Loose Women if they are so angry about the show. The 64-year-old also admitted she enjoys replying to cruel trolls and sees it as a "sport". "It’s like, ‘Shut up, don’t watch it then! There’s an off button, turn it off!’" exclaimed Denise. The TV personality was spotted today shopping in Cheshire, for the first time since she hit back at Loose Women viewers. DON'T MISS... 'Never understood people obsessed with money', says Beatles' star's ex [COMMENT] Denise Welch breaks cover after angry viewers told host 'to be quiet' [PICS] Martin Lewis speaks out after 'swollen face' sparks concern [TWITTER] The ITV panel member cut a casual look in a pair of leggings which she teamed with a light blue sheer top and comfortable shoes. Denise is married to her former PR manager Lincoln Townley and has been since 2013. Prior to this, Denise was married to fellow Benidorm star Tom Healy from 1988 till their divorce in 2012. Last year, Denise penned a heartfelt tribute to Lincoln, with whom she credits with helping her deal with her substance abuse issues. She posted a photo of the happy couple as she celebrated him starting to sell his art through Sotheby’s. "From the day I met this man I knew he was special,” she wrote. "Many people who didn't know us judged our relationship and some who did know us. "We were lost souls but together we found the strength to get sober and move forward together. "At 40, Lincoln started to paint professionally. At 48, he's selling through Sotheby's private sale. "I couldn't be prouder and at the heart of everything he does is me and our family. Thank you @lincolntownley."