Surviving Summer continues to captivate audiences across the world, who can’t get enough of the sun, sea and sand on the teen drama. The show launched on Netflix on June 3 and has quickly found a legion of fans, who are eager to know more about the cast of relative newcomers and their lives away from the show. Express.co.uk has the lowdown on actor João Gabriel Marinho? Marinho portrays Marlon Sousa in the show, who has moved to Australia from Brazil with his mother (played by Tatiana Hotere). Marlon and Summer Torres (Sky Katz) form a bond with the Brazilian teen empathetic to the American rebel’s initial reaction to the sleepy town of Shorehaven compared to the hustle and bustle of New York. In Surviving Summer, Marlon is very much part of the surfing community with a sense of rivalry between him and Ari Gibson (Kai Lewins). The character is also dating Bodhi Mercer (Savannah La Rain), who Ari still has feelings for and leads to some tension. READ MORE: Kai Lewins age: How old Surviving Summer star? Marinho, who is Brazilian, is not the only international cast member, the show also stars TikTok star and America’s Got Talent rapper Katz, who hails from New York. The 22-year-old actor was born on July 16, 1999 in Rio De Janeiro in Brazil, according to his bio on IMDb. Surviving Summer’s co-creator Joanna Werner said of casting: “We wanted to be authentic to the nationalities that we had scripted.” Much like his character, Marinho is a natural surfer and loves the beach having grown up close to one. READ MORE: Where is Surviving Summer filmed? He found a love for films and music from an early age and by eight he was learning the drums. As a child, he would also put on shows for his family - even though he had previously been unsure about what he wanted to be when he grew up. The up-and-coming actor was slated to be appearing in the series Malhação, but unfortunately this was later cancelled due to the coronavirus pandemic. However, Marinho refused to give up and went on to audition for Surviving Summer and landed the role.  Surviving Summer is his first big part to date and is likely to propel to international attention. Along with starring in Surviving Summer, Marinho is a musician and singer and one of his compositions made it into the series. The star has now been sharing some behind-the-scenes photos from the filming of Surviving Summer, which was shot in 2021. He shared a selection of images on Instagram with his 25,000 followers, which he captioned: “Proud of what we've created. Miss what we live.” More recently, Marinho took to his account to share a selfie and thank his fans for their support for Surviving Summer. DON'T MISS...Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen lands new project [UPDATE]Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser [INSIGHT]Emmerdale theory: Charity Dingle devastated as Noah killed off-screen [ANALYSIS] He wrote in a candid and heartfelt post: “What a trip… I wanted to thank all of you who are sending me so much love. “So happy to see the messages from each of you! Speechless! You guys are too much.” Marinho signed off: “Enjoy surviving summer. Hope you like what's coming. It's just the beginning. We are together.” Along with surfing, it appears the young star also enjoys skateboarding and shared some black-and-white snaps at a skate park. Additionally, the star has shown off his surfing skills online with some videos of himself hitting the waves. Surviving Summer is streaming on Netflix now