Hafthor’s lift meant he exceeded the previous world record set by UK strongman and former World’s Strongest Man, Eddie Hall. However, speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk ahead of his BBC documentary Eddie Hall: The Beast vs The Mountain, Eddie shared his thoughts on the Game of Thrones star’s lift - defending his 500kg pull as the only credible record. Eddie pulled the half-ton lift during Europe’s Strongest Man 2016 in Leeds in front of a packed out crowd, resulting in a raucous reception and a bloody aftermath. Thor, on the other hand, lifted his 501kg weight out of competition in his Reykjavik home gym during the Covid pandemic on May 5, 2020, surrounded by friends, family and in the comfort of familiar surroundings. “I mean, put it this way, all my bests lifts, 90 percent of my best lifts have been done in the gym, you know,” Eddie began as he discussed the GOT star’s lift. “It's the perfect environment, you’re right to next your home, you got good sleep, good food, the environment in the gym as well, you’re very relaxed. READ MORE: Denise Welch in fiery clash with Loose Women co-star over age row “You can stop and give your best performance in the gym. “So that's why it's so different to my deadlift. His deadlift is an out-of-competition lift and that's a big thing to highlight, that it’s out-of-competition. “Mine’s in competition, you've got the pressures of 12,000 people in the crowd watching on, you know, you’ve got all that pressure, all that tension, a lack of oxygen even, there's so many different conditions. “You've got to compete to the standard of other athletes, you've got to go after over athletes, you’ve got to go before other athletes, you've got to go on a timetable. “There's so many different aspects,” Eddie continued to reel off. “You've got to travel up to the arena, you've got to sleep in a hotel, you've got to source your food differently - and that's why it's different.” Eddie isn’t the only one who refuses to recognise the Game of Thrones star’s lift as a legitimate record either. The strongman revealed a number of the sport’s biggest names and governing bodies also aren’t on-board with giving Thor the accolade. “That's why they have in-competition (records), that's why they have a competition, you know,” Eddie said. “Giants Live doesn’t recognise it as a world record. DON'T MISS:Ben Wallace loses it at Adil Ray accusation ‘Complete hogwash!’Adil Ray slams Sturgeon for calling ‘another’ referendum Nicola Sturgeon erupts on BBC Breakfast on Scottish independence “World's Strongest Man doesn't recognise it as a world record. “That it. In-competition, in my mind, is what counts. His might as well just be a PB [personal best] in the gym. “I’ve got plenty of world records in the gym, but until you go… and many people have! “There's people all over social media that break will records in the gym, but I'll tell you, on a platform in front of a judge in front of other athletes there to testify that the weights are okay and everything else, it doesn't really count. “But I'm not alone in thinking that,” Eddie concluded regarding Thor’s lift. Eddie’s new BBC documentary follows his preparations for what was described as the “heaviest” boxing match in history. He and Thor faced off in the ring in Dubai earlier this year to finally settle their differences. In the end, it was the GOT star who emerged victorious via a unanimous judges’ decision. Eddie Hall: The Beast vs The Mountain is available to stream on iPlayer now.