The iconic crooner developed laryngitis, which is when the vocal cords in the throat become irritated and swollen. Instructed to rest his voice by medical professionals, Bing Crosby refused. When a node formed on his vocal cords in 1931, Crosby's singing voice noticeably became lower, according to Grunge. Laryngitis usually comes on suddenly, leading to a hoarse voice, a sore throat, and an irritating cough, the NHS noted. The condition tends to go away on its own within two weeks, especially if you "speak as little as possible". Speaking loudly, whispering – or indeed singing – would strain your voice when you have laryngitis. Vocal cord nodules, which Bing developed, can be compared to calluses that form on the hands in response to friction. "Vocal nodules occur as a result of vocal misuse and abuse," the NHS noted. READ MORE: The best time of day to exercise - new study suggests it's different for men and women They will lead to a gradual onset of constant hoarseness, a "breathy or rough voice quality", and lowered pitch. By the time Bing was celebrating 50 years in show business, the star was known for his trademark bass-baritone voice. While his strained vocal cords did not stop his rise to superstardom, an accidental fall coming off the stage did prohibit his mobility. For an entire month, the crooner was unable to stand or walk as he had ruptured a disc in his spinal column. DON'T MISSLiam Neeson health: Star's 'agonising' pain [INSIGHT]Hair loss: Three 'hair-care' habits causing hair loss [ADVICE]Food eaten by millions shown to cause vision loss [TIPS] Medically referred to as a slipped disc, the NHS explained the condition occurs when soft tissue bulges out between the bones in the spine. This can lead to lower back pain, numbness and tingling in the limbs, neck pain, and issues with bending or straightening the back. A painful slipped disc can be treated with prescribed painkillers, a steroid injection, or a muscle relaxant. Physiotherapy may also be recommended if the pain is particularly troublesome. For most cases, however, resting first, and then moving about – alongside painkillers if needed – is all that is needed for the body to heal. One ailment Bing did not recover from, though, is a heart attack in 1977. Aged 74 at the time, Bing dropped dead at the La Moraleja golf club, Spain. According to reports by the Los Angeles Times, Bing had collapsed while walking to the locker room after completing an 18-hole round. Bing was pronounced dead on arrival at the Red Cross Hospital in the Spanish capital. Heart attack Coronary artery disease is the leading cause of a heart attack, which is when blood vessels become clogged with deposits of cholesterol. When cholesterol builds up in the blood vessels, it can block blood flow to the heart muscle. When the heart muscle is deprived of oxygen, heart cells die, and a heart attack ensues.