Brian Monteith declared Nicola Sturgeon lacked the political and public support necessary to establish and deliver a second vote on Scottish independence from the United Kingdom. The former Conservative MSP suggested a second referendum would not be possible as SNP have not achieved majority support for the move. Mr Monteith described the SNP policy as a desperate measure to appeal to core nationalist supporters as he described Ms Sturgeon's supposed mandate as “fake”. Speaking on GB News, Mr Monteith said: “I don't think this vote will happen, I think this is all a charade.”    He continued: “This is about Nicola Sturgeon trying to appeal to her core support and indeed supporters who split off to form other parties because she's not doing enough in their eyes. “The fact is that she does not have a mandate. “She, even adding in the support for the Greens, did not pass 50 percent of the voting public, nevermind 50 percent of those able to vote, so, she has no mandate. “Indeed, even in the election she was appealing for people who did not support independence or did not want a referendum now to still vote for her, so her mandate is false.” Mr Monteith has been a harsh critic of First Minister Nicola Sturgeon as he suggested a secondary vote on independence would not benefit the Scottish people. The Scottish electorate have already voted in the independence referendum of 2014, in which over 55% voted to remain within the UK. The former Conservative MSP suggested Ms Sturgeon lacks the political backing required to deliver an additional vote as Scottish opposition parties would likely be uncooperative with SNP voting arrangements. Mr Monteith asserted the First Minister lacked the “legal ability” to deliver the SNP election pledge towards an independent Scotland. Read more: Scotland's shocking defence outside UK a barrier to NATO Mr Monteith continued: “Then we have the practicalities of trying to deliver it without the consent. “Because she has no legal ability to deliver it, she needs to actually work through the delivery of local councils, closing schools and libraries and such like to hold the referendum. “That's open to court judgement by people taking actions against councils for spending their money on running a referendum. “The SNP does not control a majority of local councils, there are many councils run by Labour and Liberal Democrats and Conservative coalitions and the likelihood is that they will be very wary and probably not actually run the referendum she might want to have, in which case you would find parts of Scotland not participating.” Don't miss:'They have mandates on a lot of things' Sturgeon mocked over indyref2 [INSIGHT]Boris shoots down Sturgeon's independence plot  [REPORT]Nicola Sturgeon to launch IndyRef2 firing gun TOMORROW  [ANALYSIS] Ms Sturgeon has pledged to hold the vote before the end of next year as the First Minister claimed the consequences of Brexit will have created a significant shift in the Scottish attitude towards independence. The SNP said: “There can be no moral or democratic justification for Boris Johnson or any Westminster government to obstruct the right of the people in Scotland to decide their own future.” Scottish opposition parties have blasted the SNP’s insistence that the nation should achieve independence as Scottish Lib Dem Leader Alex Cole-Hamilton branded the policy an “independence obsession” that distracted from other key political concerns. Scottish Conservative MSP Donald Cameron said the Scottish policial focus should surround covid economy recovery and move past the “distraction” of a second independence vote.   