Princess Eugenie made many appearances over the bank holiday weekend to celebrate her grandmother’s seven decades on the throne. The royal was joined by her husband, Jack, and their baby son, August, who made his royal debut in a knitted Union Jack jumper. Eugenie and Jack met during a 2010 ski trip in Verbier, Switzerland. At the time, the royal said it was “love at first sight” and she began dating the English bar manager and brand ambassador soon after. Jack proposed to Eugenie in 2018, presenting her with a beautiful sapphire ring. But there is something unique about the stone: instead of being blue, it is pink. The stone is “one of the rarest jewels” in the Royal Family’s collection, according to an expert. READ MORE: Sussexes face US backlash as 'Californians have no idea who they are' Diamond expert Max Stone of jewellers Steven Stone explained that the ring might be the rarest and most valuable piece of jewellery belonging to the family because the sapphire “changes colour when it hits certain lights”. Jack Brooksbank unveiled this fact when speaking on BBC’s The One Show, following the statement with: “Much like Eugenie.” The sapphire is, therefore, an unusual one. When it’s not changing colour, it is pink. Called a Padparadscha sapphire, it features at the centre of the ring and is surrounded by a halo of sparkling diamonds.  The ring’s band is made of Welsh yellow gold – much like the band of Eugenie’s wedding ring. It is tradition for members of the Royal Family to receive Welsh gold rings on their wedding day. Max Stone explained how Padparadscha sapphires are “extremely rare stones which many haven’t even heard of”. He added: “They are strikingly beautiful with unique shades of pink and orange, often resembling the colours of a sunset.” The expert went on to say how the jewel originated from Sri Lanka and resembles “the area’s peach coloured flowers”. Max continued: “The term ‘Padparadscha’ is derived from the Sinhalese word ‘padmaraga’ for ‘aquatic lotus blossom’, denoting an extraordinary combination of both pink and orange all rolled into a one of kind gemstone. “Clarity is an important element for Padparadscha because their light tones easily reveal inclusions – you can see from the traditional cut, this stone is very clear and has a good saturation of colour.” In terms of the ring’s value, Max estimated it to “be worth around £100,000 to £120,000”. Interestingly, the diamonds surrounding the ring’s main stone are similar to those surrounding Kate Middleton’s ring, as well as Eugenie’s mother’s, Sarah Ferguson. This style of engagement ring is, therefore, very popular among members of the Royal Family. Although Eugenie’s ring is one of the rarest in the Royal Family’s collection, the Duchess of Cambridge’s ring is worth more. The ring is estimated to be worth a whopping £400,000, according to a study undertaken by jewellery experts at Angelic Diamonds. Kate’s engagement ring, formally owned by the late Princess Diana and inspired by a brooch that has been passed through the family, is a 12-carat oval sapphire surrounded by a halo of 14 solitaire diamonds.