Meghan Markle and Prince Harry were spotted on a rare outing this week. The pair were snapped making the five-minute journey to Oprah Winfrey's 7-acre estate. According to several reports, they spent around an hour at the TV host's home. The visit has sparked claims that they may be preparing for another tell-all interview, following on from their bombshell 2021 televised talk. However, nothing has been confirmed, neither by Meghan and Harry or Winfrey. They have only recently returned to the US, where they permanently reside, having spent some time in the UK earlier this month for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. It was the first time most members of the Royal Family had the chance to meet the newest addition to the Sussex family, Lilibet, who was born in June of last year. Much has been said about the tot and her brother, Archie, and their entitlement to royal titles. Similar things have been asked about Meghan and Harry, as while the pair dropped the use of their HRH titles on stepping down as senior royals, they still use the names Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Meghan used the royal title for her children’s book, The Bench. At the time of its publication debate was rife over whether she was right to use the Duchess moniker, with Marlene Koenig, a royal historian, suggesting that she and Harry use a different type of title. JUST IN: We've already got sexist robots they're called men! VIRGINIA BLACKBURN Speaking to Express.co.uk, she said the pair might just use 'Sussex' after their names, and explained: "If you look at other members of the family or peers or heir to peerages; Beatrice and Eugenie do not use their titles in their jobs – on their work websites it's Beatrice York, Eugenie York. "Uncle Charles, Earl Spencer, he's written several books, but doesn't use his title on his books: he uses Charles Spencer. "The Earl of Harewood, whose father was the Queen's first cousin, was a producer, he used Lascelles, the family name, as his title. "So, I think they should step away from using their titles, they should just use Meghan Sussex, Harry Sussex; there is so much precedent for that, especially in the US. DON'T MISS Sophie makes 'difficult' job of filling Queen's shoes 'look easy' [REPORT] Dr Shola explodes at Royal Family over Meghan inquiry [INSIGHT] Meghan and Harry should not be invited to Balmoral [ANALYSIS] "There's nothing stopping you having your title as a royal if you're abroad but you usually don't use your titles, but from a professional aspect and the precedence of so many peers and other members of the Royal Family who don't use their titles. "I'm not denigrating them at all, I just think it would lessen the tension if they didn't use the titles, to say, 'Hey, we're just gonna use, in the credits, Meghan Sussex, Harry Sussex', there's nothing wrong with that." Express.co.uk previously asked its readers about Meghan and Harry's titles, and whether they should be allowed to keep them. In response to a poll carried out in April, 8,842 people cast their votes and a staggering 96 percent (8,466 people) voted “yes” Meghan and Harry should have their titles removed. Just three percent (304 people) said “no” and one percent (72 people) did not know. Meanwhile, following on from their UK trip, Prince Charles, Harry's father, is said to have been "thrilled" to meet his granddaughter Lilibet. According to the Mirror, a senior royal source speaking at the briefing of Clarence House’s annual review said it had been "wonderful" to have the Sussexes back, and that Charles grew "emotional" because of the reunion. The source said: "It was fantastic to see them. It was wonderful to have them back in Britain. "The prince and the duchess were absolutely thrilled to see them. “The prince, of course, hasn’t seen his grandson Archie for a bit of time and so it was very, very, very special to have some time with him. "He hadn’t met Lili, his granddaughter, and so to meet her was very emotional, a very, very wonderful thing.” Lilibet's meeting with many of the royals coincided with her first birthday. Meghan and Harry told to ‘step away’ from royal titles – and use THIS name instead 