Romelu Lukaku has 'rejected' a move to Tottenham and is only interested in returning to Inter Milan, according to a new report. Chelsea shelled out a club-record £97.5million fee to sign Lukaku from Inter last summer, but the Belgian striker has struggled for form and his old club are plotting an ambitious bid to bring him back to Italy. Despite the fact that Lukaku has only been back in the Premier League for around 12 months, he already seems destined to depart these shores again - but that hasn't prevented Tottenham and Antonio Conte from making an ambitious bid to snare the striker, according to Italian journalist Fabio Bergomi. However, Bergomi, via Sport Witness claims that Lukaku 'only wants' to join Inter if he does depart Stamford Bridge this summer and has 'rejected Conte and Tottenham'. Conte was in charge at Inter when the Italian giants won the Scudetto during Lukaku's final season in Milan. Bergomi also claimed that, despite Lukaku's miserable season at Stamford Bridge, the Blues would still demand a huge €20m (£17m) loan fee to allow the former Inter man to leave the club this summer. READ MORE: Paul Pogba 'sent Ole Gunnar Solskjaer text' pleading for Man Utd stay before club decision If Lukaku does get the opportunity to return to Milan in the coming weeks, it's likely that he'll have to take a huge financial hit himself to help the move go through. According to a new report from The Daily Mail, Lukaku is thought to be earning around £3m extra a year after taxes at Chelsea; an amount that would be impossible for Inter to match. However, the report claims that the Italian giants believe that their former talisman would be 'prepared' to agree to a significant salary reduction in order to return to the San Siro. Despite returning to England off the back of two of the most prolific campaigns in his entire career, Lukaku mustered just eight Premier League goals last term and was far from a guaranteed starter under Thomas Tuchel, who has been irked by some of the striker's controversial media comments. DON'T MISS...Tottenham 'still want to sign Traore' but face competition from duoMan United confirm Jesse Lingard departure ahead of transfer battleBarcelona warned Chelsea defender pursuit 'may fall flat on its face' Lukaku's future at Stamford Bridge is likely to be discussed between Tuchel and the Blues new owner, Todd Boehly in the coming weeks. The American businessman - who also co-owns the LA Dodgers - saw his £4.25bn takeover of the club finally go through earlier this week, ending months of speculation over Chelsea's future. The Londoners had been operating under a number of restrictions after the UK Government imposed sanctions on the club's previous owner, Roman Abramovich. As a result, Chelsea were prohibited from operating in the transfer market or partaking in contract negotiations with players. But now that those sanctions have been lifted, decisions over the long-term futures of a number of players, including Lukaku, will be high on the agenda of the new-look Stamford Bridge hierarchy.