Bravo’s hit yachting series, Below Deck Sailing Yacht came to a satisfying end last week with tons of praise from fans who didn’t want it to end. However, many expressed their disappointment after stewardess Ashley Marti didn’t attend the highly anticipated reunion.  On Monday, Bravo host Andy Cohen sat down with the crew of Parsifal III for a virtual season three reunion. As romances and drama were a major part of the charter season, Andy left no stones unturned as he asked all the questions fans wanted to know. With every crew member in attendance, Ashley Marti’s absence didn’t go unnoticed by Andy or by the fans who tuned in. As skipping a reunion was a huge disgrace for Bravo fans, many of them took to Twitter to express their anger about the stewardess. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret An angered @_LeeTaylor123 wrote: “Ofc Ashley wasn’t mature enough to show her face and own her shyt on the reunion.. Smh.” @Reality_TVJunky added: “So lame that Ashley didn’t show up to the reunion.” A fuming @HollandJenste tweeted: “Ashley is such a pathetic loser for not showing up to the reunion. Doesn’t need this in her life? Well, maybe u shouldn’t have gone on the show and didn’t need the screen time in your life?” Another viewer, @ISaid_What_ shared: “Ashley didn’t show for the reunion bc of her behavior. She has to be embarrassed!”  Despite her absence and seemingly having no way to defend herself in the reunion, the crew spoke about Ashley and unearthed some hidden truths. This included the moment she hooked up with first mate Gary King, even though he was extremely intoxicated. Speaking of the incident, Cohen asked: “You were really drunk, you told her to stop. From the viewers' perspective, you were sexually assaulted. Is that what you felt?" Before sharing his response, King stated he and Ashley “aren't friends,” but he still felt the need to defend her, even after she received a mountain of hate from fans.  DON'T MISS...Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe details ‘horrible day’ on set [INSIGHT]Below Deck Down Under's Chef Ryan speaks out on 'villain' casting [INSIGHT]Below Deck Mediterranean's Malia White’s replacement revealed in promo [INSIGHT] He continued: “I don't think there was anything of it and I think people are being very harsh to her.” “I thank everyone for sticking up for me but there was nothing to it and I feel that everyone should leave Ashley alone on that circumstance because it wasn't how it seemed.” Despite his defence, Cohen noted if roles had been reversed and Gary had initiated sex with an intoxicated Ashley, even after she had asked him to stop, it would have been very serious. King answered: “I understand that Andy, I really do, I mean, it's not an ideal situation, to be honest.  “I personally wouldn't do something like that but I can't stress this enough, I'd just like people to leave Ashley alone.” When the episode aired, viewers took to social media with anger as they called out the double standard on gender and consent. @bachandbravo tweeted: “I’m so annoyed and disgusted by Ashley’s behaviour, she is completely inappropriate with Gary.” While another viewer @H44Nicky added: “If the situation was reversed with Ashley and Gary the internet would be screaming for justice, that my friends was rape.” Below Deck Sailing Yacht is available on Bravo in the US and available on Hayu in the UK. 