However, the Government owes its authority to our elected House of Commons, where opposing views are publicly aired. It’s bizarre that the first planned flight was blocked at the last minute by a court operating in secret. As Home Secretary Priti Patel says, the “opaque” nature of the European Court of Human Rights and its decision-making process is extremely concerning. Justice must not only be done, it must also be seen to be done. This country cannot be at the mercy of a court where we have no idea how decisions are reached or who is involved. Members of that European court are no doubt honourable and decent people, but for the United Kingdom to accept a ruling from an organisation that operates behind closed doors is bewildering. The Government has no plans to abandon its policy, and insists flights to Rwanda will take place in the future. Who knows whether there will be more legal challenges, but it’s worth noting that a series of British courts have already upheld the Government’s right to send the flights. As far as the European Court of Human Rights is concerned, their decision must, at the very least, be justified publicly. The situation has also given added impetus to arguments that British courts are the right institutions to consider any legal challenges brought against the British Government. Prince Charles is once again contributing to an important debate, with a warning that the soaring number of prescribed pills poses a threat to fitness and wellbeing. He takes a keen interest in a wide range of issues, and speaks to people from all kinds of backgrounds the length and breadth of Britain. His expertise must be respected. Medication is essential in many circumstances but lifestyle changes can be more effective in preventing and tackling many of the conditions that place huge demands on the NHS, such as type 2 diabetes and obesity. His Royal Highness is echoing the concerns of many health professionals, and ensuring this important topic receives the attention it needs by bringing it before a wider audience. It is heartwarming to see Dame Deborah James with members of her family at Royal Ascot. She is clearly intent on making very happy memories for those who love her, and living life absolutely to the full for as long as she can. We commend her for it, and hope she has many more joyful days to come.