Cole Hauser will be returning as the formidable head cowpoke Rip Wheeler in the highly anticipated fifth season of Yellowstone later this year. In the run-up to the Paramount Network drama’s exciting return, Cole has revealed some more details about his physical fitness regime which has helped build his iconic Western character over the years. The Yellowstone star confirmed he puts on a substantial amount of weight in preparation for playing ranch manager Rip. However, both Cole and his character have sustained a number of injuries over the years, which have begun to play a larger role in his performance. “I’m 47 years old now, I’ve been in a ton of accidents,” he explained. “Motorcycles, horses, I’ve crashed my back, I’ve torn my hamstrings, torn calf muscles.” READ MORE: Jon Kay skewers Eustice over energy usage plans Rip is often called upon by his boss John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner) to protect the family’s land from spies, business rivals and even his own bunkhouse crew. Unfortunately, his frequent battles have started to take their toll, so Cole’s own accidents help him get into character as the broken-down cowboy. He told GoldDerby: “So it’s all… the walk, I put a little bit more into the brokenness of Rip versus me. “So, essentially, I have a little bit of the limp, the back pain, or the getting up and getting down, or having to bend down to give [Beth] a kiss.” “You’ll hear my knees pop sometimes!” Cole joked. “Those things are all very real, but I give a little bit more to them, I guess, for the character.” Cole has also gone into more detail about the muscle weight he gains to ensure his portrayal of Rip is as physically imposing as possible. “Ultimately, when I walk around, I’m about 210 [pounds],” he revealed. DON'T MISS:Righteous Gemstones season 3: Gloria star on Baby Billy reunion [EXCLUSIVE]Eamonn Holmes savages Brit Wimbledon hopeful [VIDEO]Stranger Things season 5 theory: Mike trapped in Upside Down [THEORY] “I put on, sometimes, about 20 pounds just to fill him out. And get a little bit more a** and legs on him, you know!” The actor revealed his physicality as Rip became even more apparent when he and co-star Luke Grimes were talking to actor Kyle Red Silverstein about his performance as young Rip. “Luke was saying something funny the other day because young Rip was at cowboy camp in Texas for this,” he recalled. “He was asking me, ‘Give me any kind of advice.' I said, ‘You know, I don’t really look at myself all the time in what I’m doing. I’m just being.’” “Luke chimed in and he goes, ‘Just take up space, kid!’ I thought that was pretty interesting. “I thought, ‘Wow, well Luke sees that so as an actor I guess that’s what I’m doing.' But I’m just being what I should be in the moment.” Rip doesn’t often spend much time hanging out with his bunkhouse colleagues, but his presence is always felt when he pays a visit. He has also proven to be one of the ranch’s most capable fighters, and will undoubtedly play a crucial role in defending the ranch when Market Equities returns for round two in the upcoming season. Yellowstone season 5 premieres Sunday, November 13 on the Paramount Network and seasons 1-3 are available to stream in the UK on Paramount+.