Sir David Lidington conceded that “my party had a walloping last night” after Conservative Party majorities in Wakefield and Tiverton were overturned on Thursday. In light of the results seeing a neat win for Liberal Democrats and Labour, he urged former colleagues to “reflect very, very hard” stressing the need for the party to “recapture public imagination and establish public trust”. Mr Lidington told LBC: “My party had a walloping last night, there’s no getting away from it. “I think the Tory Party needs to reflect very, very hard. “The party has got to come up with some good really compelling reasons to recapture the public imagination. “They need to establish public trust”. The comments came as results from the by-elections held at Wakefield and Tiverton and Honiton showed a double defeat for the Conservative Party. The by-election results, for instance, saw Tories being defeated by Liberal Democrats in Tiverton and Honiton and by Labours in Wakefield. Liberal Democrat candidate for Tiverton and Honiton Richard Foord defeated Tories’ Helen Hurford by 6,144 votes. In Wakefield, Labour candidate Simon Lightwood won against Tories’ Nadeem Ahmed by 4,925 votes. READ MORE: Question Time: Audience erupts as voter shames Lynch Mr Foord said the result was an “extraordinary and historic results which has sent a shockwave through British politics. “Tonight the people of Britain have spoken and they’ve sent a loud and clear message: it’s time for Boris Johnson to go, and go now”. In light of the loss, the Conservative Party chairman sent a resignation letter this morning to Boris Johnson. In the letter, he stressed the by-elections were “the latest in a run of very poor results for our party”. DON'T MISS: Lammy unveils new Labour Brexit plot to scupper Boris's deal [WATCH]'Sickening' dog attack as pet mauled in broad daylight [LISTEN]Cost of living crisis sends price of Lurpak soaring to £5 [INSIGHT] He added: “Our supporters are distressed and disappointed by recent events, and I share their feelings. “We cannot carry on with business as usual. “Somebody must take responsibility and I have concluded that, in these circumstances, it would not be right for me to remain in office”. Following the results, Boris Johnson commented on the by-elections and said the two defeats were the result of “a lot of things”. He added: “we’ve got to recognise there is more we’ve got to do and we certainly will, we will keep going, addressing the concerns of people until we get through this patch”. READ NEXT: Campsite boss told to tear up £80k of 'unlawful' improvementsPicture of car 'hogging' middle lane of M5 at 5am sparks online furyEU's secret court exposed: OWN judge breaks cover on Rwanda flight rowNATO plots new 200,000-strong force to ‘wipe Russia off Earth’Ukraine taunts Putin in NATO warning after US steps in