Actress Diana Rigg loved the outfits he created for her in The Avengers TV series, which attracted high audience figures in the 1960s. Bates produced the fashion label Jean Varon, favouring plunging necklines and maxi dresses with big balloon sleeves. Penelope Keith, Cilla Black, Dusty Springfield and Cleo Laine were among his celebrity fans. He was firmly established by 1974 when he created the John Bates label. The more expensive range, featuring silks and complex embroidery, was a favourite of royals including Princess Alexandra and Princess Margaret. Born in Dinnington, near Newcastle, his father was a miner. While his two brothers enjoyed football and rough and tumble play, he preferred reading books and sketching clothes. After National Service in the War Office in London, he joined Sloane Street couturier Herbert Sidon. He worked closely with a French designer and his sketches improved dramatically as he was able to draw every day. He launched the JeanVaron label off Bond Street in 1959. Young women eager to get away from the sort of clothes their mothers wore loved his miniskirts. Success with Wallis was followed by clothing concessions in Harvey Nichols and Harrods. When Diana Rigg came along to find outfits for The Avengers, he asked her to lose weight. "I wanted her in little bra tops and hipster trousers. She was wonderful. I liked her," he said. The slinky catsuits worn by Rigg's character Emma Peel created a sensation. It was a look millions of women wanted, so he added a hugely successful range of Avengers outfits for his customers. Stylish and daring, he brilliantly captured the mood of the Sixties and Seventies and his designs helped many actresses hoping to make it in the movies. As his fame increased, he started the Capricorn label, featuring raincoats and suits, which were in high demand. But by the mid-1980s he was bankrupt and retired to Wales to pursue his dream of becoming a painter. He mostly did portraits, some of which were featured in exhibitions. He died of cancer and is survived by his partner, John Siggins.