Saturday Kitchen host Matt Tebbutt, 48, ran a pub in Wales for many years with his wife, Lisa. He has since admitted it was “tough” working in close quarters in the stressful food industry - but luckily, the couple made it through. Matt took over from James Martin at the helm of Saturday Kitchen back in 2016. James stepped down after he experienced an epiphany, realising he wanted a better work life balance. Occasional presenter Matt was then bumped up to the main job. He also hosts Food Unwrapped on Channel 4 alongside Kate Quilton and Jimmy Doherty, and Market Kitchen with Tom Parker-Bowles and Matthew Fort. READ MORE: Strictly star Shirley Ballas, 61, exposes awkward wardrobe malfunction But before he was a familiar face on our television screens, he was a pub landlord for 15 years. He and Lisa owned and ran the Foxhunter restaurant in Nant-y-derry near Usk in South Wales. The restaurant has won a number of awards, including the AA Restaurant of the Year for Wales. It is now leased as a pub while Matt concentrates on his TV career. Restaurants can be high pressure environments for staff, and Matt has confessed it put a slight strain on their marriage. "Working alongside each other was tough, but we're still together,” he told The Mirror. “We worked well as a team – Lisa is great with people, whereas I'm the bolshy chef in the kitchen. “She definitely wears the trousers, no question… followed by my daughter!" DON'T MISS...Amanda Owen responds as fan notices farm member is missing [TWITTER] Karren Brady weighs in on Prince William and Kate's portrait debate [INSIGHT] Sue Barker almost got proposed to by Cliff Richard before husband [HEARTBREAK] Matt and Lisa have two children together - teenager Henry, and Jess, 20. Earlier this year, Matt left fans concerned when he posted a photo from his hospital bed, revealing he had undergone emergency surgery. In the photo, he was hooked up to a morphine drip and monitor. "Me, a morphine drip and an emergency appendectomy are keeping me from a much anticipated lunch at @manteca_london with @ollysmith @sarah10016 @hardiegrantuk…” he shared with his 74.6k Instagram followers. "But everything and everyone here at The Grange hospital in Gwent have been fantastic. “Couldn't ask for more from such a brilliant health service. So grateful. #nhs #nhsnurse #thegrangehospital #appendectomy." Cat Deeley replied: “Morphine with a GnT chaser”. "Oh no!! Hope you are ok lovely xxxx," added Lisa Faulkner.