Two-time Wimbledon-winner Andy Murray could be set to compete at SW19 for the final time as he edges towards retirement. That's according to a new poll, in which only a quarter of those surveyed believe he'll return in 2023. Murray, 35, first announced in January 2019 that he was considering retirement due to the daily pain caused by a long-standing hip injury. The Scot had corrective surgery that year, however, and miraculously managed to extend his career at the top level. The decision has proved worthwhile after Murray recently rose back to No. 47 in the ATP rankings, breaking back into the world's top 50 for the first time since 2018. His major record remains patchy, however, having featured in just seven of the past 18 Grand Slams and failing to advance beyond the third round in any of those. Following Express Sport's latest poll, the majority of readers believe retirement could be nigh, with 46.3 per cent in agreement this year's Wimbledon will be Murray's last. Just under a quarter of the 3,795 polled believe he'll be back for 2023, while 28.9 per cent said they weren't sure. READ MORE: Wimbledon powerless as Russian player changes nationality to avoid ban Murray will be making up for lost time in London this year considering he's featured in only one of the last three Wimbledon editions. After entering last year's draw as a wildcard—his first time doing so since 2005—he was ousted in the third round following a straight-sets defeat to Denis Shapovalov. Even this year's Wimbledon—which gets underway next Monday—isn't a certainty for Murray, however, after he recently suffered an abdominal strain in Stuttgart. A recent update from the three-time major champion saw him describe the next few days as "pretty important" if he hopes to appear at SW19, having been unable to practice certain shots as a result of the injury. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal sent Matteo Berrettini Wimbledon warning by Cam NorrieSerena Williams cancels Eastbourne practise session and yet to hit with partner Ons JabeurRafael Nadal told he's achieved 'the greatest sport achievement of any person in history'  The French Open is the only major he's contested on fewer occasions (11) than Wimbledon (13), while he's appeared at the Australian Open 14 times and made 15 runs at the U.S. Open. If 2022 is the year Murray finally takes his leave of tennis, it's plausible his Grand Slam swansong could take place in New York. Retirement has beckoned for a number of years now amid injury setbacks and absences, though fans will be pleased the Brit squeezed a few more seasons out of a glittering career. Six years on from his last major and a second Olympic gold medal at Rio 2016, Murray returns to Wimbledon for what many feel could be his final farewell.