Peaky Blinders season six aired on the BBC in the UK earlier this year. Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) fans were thrilled when the historical gang drama released new episodes on Netflix earlier this week. They are keen to find out whether there will be a seventh season and Express.co.uk has all you need to know. The latest season of Peaky Blinders is made up of six episodes and it takes place in 1934. Following the time jump, Tommy had turned his back on alcohol and was using a level head to plot against his enemies. However, he believed his time was running out after he was told he had been suffering from a tuberculoma. He wanted to distance himself from those he cared about, not wanting to let them down. Fans who have already watched the final episode will remember how he found justice in the end. READ MORE: Peaky Blinders: Why is Peaky Blinders ending? Season 6 to be last As for whether the series will continue with season seven, there is bad news for viewers. Season six was the final instalment, which may have come as a surprise to some fans. Creator Steven Knight initially suggested it would live to see another season. However, he did say the story would continue in another form, a movie. At the time he said in a statement: "Peaky is back and with a bang. "After the enforced production delay due to the Covid pandemic, we find the family in extreme jeopardy and the stakes have never been higher. "We believe this will be the best series of all and are sure that our amazing fans will love it. "While the TV series will be coming to an end, the story will continue in another form.” The Peaky Blinders film has officially been confirmed, with Knight saying Cillian Murphy was "all for it". He said the pandemic had changed his plans for the show's future but his vision was always to end the story with a movie. DON'T MISS... Peaky Blinders' Cillian Murphy's dramatic weight loss transformation [INSIGHT]What does Tickner Maura O beng mean? Peaky Blinders warning explained [EXPLAINER] Peaky Blinders ending explained: Who was the Grey Man? [INSIGHT] The writer added: "Let's hope by the time this film is out that these things will be possible, the people who have made the show, the Peaky fans who have been so loyal and committed, might be able to sit and watch it together. "Hopefully, a sort of communal event, where people could sit down, and watch it, and enjoy it on the big screen." The film is expected to go into production in 2023 and it will be shot in Birmingham. Knight confirmed the movie will mark the end of the road for Peaky Blinders as we know it. He did suggest there is potential for some spin-offs inspired by the characters from Peaky. He told Variety: "There will be other TV shows that I hope will come out of [it], that will continue to tell the story of this part of society and this family." Since the show came to an end, Tommy actor Murphy has taken on a new role in Christopher Nolan's upcoming film, Oppenheimer. Speaking to Deadline about shedding Tommy's skin for his new venture, he said: "Around this time last year we finished shooting and then I had about six months off and then I just finished Oppenheimer two weeks ago. "So I feel like I’ve definitely shed that skin and had to climb into another one since then. "But the fact that it’s actually only coming onto Netflix now means that it’s kind of another section of the world or fans that can get to see it. "I’m very pleased. I’m very proud of it — this last series — because it wasn’t an easy genesis."  Peaky Blinders season 6 is on Netflix now.