Arsenal are still working on two signings in addition to Porto midfielder Fabio Vieira, as the Gunners step up their summer business. Mikel Arteta’s side have completed just the one signing so far this window in Marquinhos from Sao Paulo, but Vieira could have a medical as soon as Friday and two more additions could yet join him at the Emirates. The London Evening Standard claim that there is growing confidence that a deal can be done to take Manchester City striker Gabriel Jesus to Arsenal. Reports claim that Pep Guardiola’s side are asking for £50million for the Brazilian, which the Gunners could be set to pay in their search for a forward. The pursuit of Vieira is also believed to not alter any plans for Leicester City’s Youri Tielemans, who Arsenal have been tracking. The report claims that the Belgian is ready to leave Leicester this summer and is keen on a move to the Emirates. Tielemans has just one year left on his contract at the King Power Stadium and could move for a cut-price fee this summer, similar to the one that Brighton agreed with Tottenham for Yves Bissouma. Jesus is set to leave the Premier League champions this summer in search of regular football. The 25-year-old made 21 league starts last season as he scored eight times and recorded eight assists, and is expected to fall further down the Manchester City pecking order following the addition of Erling Haaland. He could reunite with his former coach at Manchester City in Arteta, as the Spaniard spent over three years as assistant coach to Guardiola before becoming the head coach at Arsenal in 2019. Jesus has also been linked with north London rivals Tottenham and Chelsea, but the Gunners appear to be leading the chase due to Arteta’s past relationship with Jesus and the prospect of leading the line. Alexandre Lacazette left Arsenal on a free transfer to join Lyon, and while Eddie Nketiah was named on Arsenal’s list of players not retained by the club he is expected to sign a new long-term contract at the club. There were question marks that the signing of Vieira would impact Arsenal’s pursuit of Tielemans, as both can operate in midfield, but the Gunners appear undeterred in signing the Belgian. Tielemans is expected to play a deeper midfield role, possibly alongside Thomas Partey, while Vieira can provide competition for Martin Odegaard and Bukayo Saka further upfield. Arsenal are set to pay Porto an initial £30m for Vieira with an extra £4.1m in performance-related add-ons. He has reportedly arrived in London and will undergo a medical on Friday before signing a five-year contract.