If you find yourself repeatedly waking up during the night to use the bathroom to urinate, it is a possible indication that your body is trying to get rid of excess blood sugar. With type 2 diabetes, the hormone insulin is out of kilter; there is either not enough being produced by the pancreas, or it is faulty. Insulin is needed in order for the body's cells to take in the energy provided by food in the form of glucose. Without insulin working properly, glucose – made from the foods you eat – builds up in the blood vessels. Excess glucose in the blood vessels is not healthy; in fact, it can be dangerous. Experts at the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) warned that escalating blood sugar levels can lead to an increased risk of: Aside from waking up during the night with the urge to urinate, which can also be an indication of other health issues, high blood sugar may cause other tell-tale signs. READ MORE: Supplements warning: Four supplements that may cause ‘potentially fatal’ heart arrhythmias 1627880 The NHS listed symptoms of type 2 diabetes, which include: A quick visit to your doctor can confirm type 2 diabetes via a blood test. "The earlier diabetes is diagnosed and treatment started, the better," the health body noted. "Early treatment reduces your risk of other health problems." People diagnosed with this type of diabetes will most likely be encouraged to modify their lifestyle choices. Dietary adjustments might include eating a wide range of foods, from fruit and vegetables to starchy foods such as pasta. Moreover, people are advised to eat breakfast, lunch and dinner every day, making sure not to skip meals. However, foods containing lots of sugar, fat, and salt should be kept to a minimum. Sugary foods include sweets and chocolate; fatty foods include biscuits and cakes; and salty foods include bacon, cheese, and ham. If you would like help with your diet, do ask your doctor if you are able to be referred to a dietitian. Once a diabetes diagnosis has been made, your doctor is likely to recommend increasing your activity levels. People should aim for 150 minutes of activity each week; to make it count, you need to feel a little bit warmer and be slightly out of breath. Taking a leisurely stroll, no matter how long, unfortunately, will not count towards your weekly activity goal. People with diabetes will need regular health check-ups with their doctor to keep on top of their condition. "A free education course for type 2 diabetes can help you manage your condition," the NHS added. If you are interested in the free course, do speak to your doctor about getting extra help with your condition. With good management of your blood sugar levels, you are able to minimise the risk of further disease.