And those fatcat executives are now taking home salaries on average 13 times greater than frontline staff doing the caring. It is claimed remuneration packages for the bosses at some of the leading for-profit care home owners - including Barchester Healthcare, HC-One, Care UK, Avery Healthcare and Signature Senior Living - rose from an average of £146,100 to £296,600 between 2015 and 2020. All five are either owned by private equity firms or have a significant partnership with one. Britain's highest-paid care home boss is Barchester Healthcare's Dr Pete Calveley. Latest figures put his salary at £2.27million in 2020 - around 130 times more than some of the carers who work for him. But all the pay packets contrast starkly with the staff at the homes, who had an average increase from £15,400 to £22,200, according to data from the University of Surrey and analysts Trinava Consulting. Their report - Held To Ransom - claims workers and the people they support, including the elderly and those with disabilities, are paying the price for profit being put before care.The public services union Unison slammed the massive pay rises as a "result of greed" and called for urgent reform of the crisis-hit care sector. General secretary Christina McAnea added: "These findings are shocking and unacceptable. These firms are paid to provide efficient and quality care but instead residents are being short-changed and staff mistreated. "It's costing families a lot to have their loved ones looked after. People will rightly expect that money to go on the best care, not to fund huge profits and mega salaries for care home bosses. "The Government must bring in reforms urgently to address the role of these companies and their unacceptable and profiteering behaviour." Latest inspections by the Care Quality Commission watchdog found that just four percent of care homes in the UK (642) were rated outstanding, with 18 percent (2,677) inadequate or requiring improvement.  And the average cost for a UK residential care home place is £2,816 a month, according to specialists LaingBuisson. Some 12 percent of care beds in the UK are now in the hands of investment firms, including private equity, hedge funds and real-estate investment trusts. Unison wants a move towards a non-profit care sector and a limit on the size of care home groups. Conservative MP Jeremy Hunt described their conduct as "the unacceptable face of capitalism" in an interview for BBC Panorama screened in December. The report authors state their findings paint a picture of a care sector that is deeply unfair in terms of who benefits from its "financialisation and who pays the price". A total of 16 care staff in residential and nursing homes were interviewed for the study. They highlighted a sector in general that is allegedly stripped to the "bare bones" with employees "in the dark" about their future and that of their care home. They claimed employers were not concerned about their or the residents' welfare. Workers commenting on conditions in general include Isabelle, who said: "The care home is in a poor state of repair. There are doors that blow open in strong winds because they are just not fit for purpose. "It's shocking that the directors live that lifestyle, yet the service users don't have a nice home. That really upsets me." Another care worker, Sarah, stated: "It's all about business. It's all about their profits."  Those who compiled Held To Ransom allege there is a systematic attempt by many employers to squeeze as much as possible out of each worker for as little reward. Christine Corlet Walker, from the University of Surrey, said: "Care workers told us investment firms are using extreme strategies to cut staffing and care costs. They are holding the sector to ransom, with appalling consequences." Chronic under-resourcing and understaffing were said to be key issues. Tactics to cut staff costs allegedly include limiting or not offering overtime pay, not paying workers for breaks, and limiting holidays. It is claimed residents sometimes go without appropriate care, timely medication or sufficient sanitary supplies, with many left hungry or isolated. One senior care worker in an unnamed home for the elderly stated residents had to "sit wetting themselves" because of a lack of available staff.There were accusations of skimping due to tight budgets affecting staffing levels, medical supplies, the quality and quantity of food for residents plus access to leisure activities. Staff told researchers they felt this was detrimental to the of care and service were able to provide. Some staff reported they had to spend their own money to bring in food or toiletries for residents to compensate for funding shortfalls.  Most care staff interviewed worked at homes owned by forprofit investment companies. Those at charityowned care homes raised similar issues but they felt these problems did not affect the quality of care some for their residents. Vivek Kotecha, from Trinava Consulting, said: "Residents and staff are feeling the pinch from cost-control measures across the sector." "A spokesaid: " mont incr fro lett spokesman for HC-One "In the past 12 months, we have increased pay for our frontline care colleagues - first by three percent and then by 8.9 percent. "Executive salary has increased by three percent in the same time period, remains at the end of the sector organisation of scale." All the care home firms mentioned were contacted for a comment. 