Homes Under the Hammer host Tommy Walsh said: “We’re just a mile from Norwich city centre so the house is a good location in a pretty little street. I’m here to look at a three-bedroom end-of-terrace house with a guide price between £110,000 and £130,000.” Tommy said the house was very 70’s when he stepped into the living room. Pointing out the wall, the presenter said: “This is York stone cladding, where you split York stone and stick it to the wall and point it up and it’s all lovely different colours. “I say lovely, it’s very 70’s, but someone’s painted that.” The downstairs also consisted of a dining room, kitchen and a bathroom at the rear of the property. Upstairs, the home had two bedrooms which were small in size. There was also a long corridor with no lighting which Tommy said was “ridiculous”. READ MORE: How to cool down a hot room without air conditioning It led to a box room at the back. Heading out to the garden, Tommy spotted damp problems as well as broken gutters. So who purchased the property when it went to auction? The successful bid at £144,500 was made by Tengee who had plenty of property experience renovating her own homes over the years. Meeting Tommy back at the home, Homes Under the Hammer viewers got to find out about the plans for the home. Tengee said: “We’re going to remove the textured plaster throughout and have all the walls reskinned. DON'T MISS:Plants: Three jobs to ‘avoid’ doing during a heatwave [COMMENT]Hanging baskets: Watering hack to ensure they don't dry out [EXPLAINER]Homes Under the Hammer buyer spends £2k to boost value by £24k [VIDEO] “I’m putting a whole new kitchen in and with slimline dishwashers, so it’s all going to be one-sided. “One thing I don’t like about these terraces it when people try and cram two sets of units in. “We are moving the bathroom upstairs and making the master bedroom into an en-suite.” With a budget of £12,000, Tengee was using her partner to help her do all the work. However, she did say there was a £3,000 contingency plan just in case there were extra costs. Homes Under the Hammer returned later in the show to see the final transformation. The front door had been painted and all of the windows had new glass. Inside, the living room had new flooring and had been painted. The kitchen had new units and modern appliances with the bathroom being turned into a utility room and toilet. Both bedrooms had been updated with the bathroom being moved upstairs. The rear bedroom had an en-suite installed. The back of the house had been given a tidy too, with the damp problem sorted. Tengee said: “My partner Graham and a friend have done a lot of the removal but we’ve had contractors in to do the rest. “We turned it around in seven weeks from completion date to when it was occupied.” However, she did end up going over her budget, spending nearly £20,000 in total. A local property expert visited the home to see how much it could sell for now. The estate agent said: “I think they’ve done a brilliant job. “I think this property could sell for around £200,000.” However, Tenjee said she sold the home for £240,000. This means she added a huge £95,000 in value onto the property.