Amanda Owen, star of Our Yorkshire Farm, confirmed that she has split from husband Clive Owen in a social media statement on Thursday. The mum-of-nine has since been inundated with messages of support as "devastated" fans have said their "gutted" over the future of the Channel 5 programme. The 47-year-old recently took to Instagram and shared a candid photo of her daughters at the family farm. In view of her 520,000 followers, she penned: "Breakfast time. "Buttercup the house cow and her calf are now enjoy the lush pastures & some summer sunshine on their backs." She added the hashtags: "#yorkshire #summer #cows #turnout." READ MORE: Carol McGiffin on not being intimate for seven years after sex drought Fans flocked to the comment section, as they offered their support to Amanda amid the couple's split. Jantowse wrote: "I am so sorry to hear the news about you and Clive. Wishing you both well for the future. Thank you for all the TV viewing joy that you have both given us over the years." Mandy remarked: "Gutted to hear about you and Clive, loved watching your show, wishing you both all the best in your future." HHufton agreed: "So gutted to hear about you both, your both amazing wonderful people and will make it work. Wish you all the love for the future xxx."  Jackies Life In Pictures commented: "So sorry to hear about you and Clive. Thank you for all the tv programmes and books that you gave us so much joy over the years watching your delightful family.Good luck to you all for the future." Debbie Cooper penned: "Sorry to read your statement about you and Clive always thought you were made for each other, it's been great to see you all on the TV enjoyed watching your family grow all the to you all." Shelley said: "Sorry to hear about you and Clive. Wishing you both well." Angela Green added: "This was such sad news to hear. Peace to you both. I’m sure you will work through this." DON'T MISS... Liz Hurley sizzles in sheer dress as she marks milestone[LATEST]Patrick Stewart, 81, and young wife Sunny, 43, in cosy display[PICTURES]Penny Lancaster stuns as she bids sweet farewell to Rod Stewart[INSTAGRAM] The couple, who have been together for 21 years, have nine children together and star in the hit series, Our Yorkshire Farm. Amanda told her followers: "Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to seperate. "This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family. "Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together, with our number one priority the happiness and well-being of our children. "We would like to thank everyone for their support and would ask that the media please respect our privacy as we work through this difficult time. "Amanda & Clive Owen," the statement ended. The couple share nine children together; Raven, Reuben, Miles, Edith, Violet, Sidney, Annas, Clemmy, and Nancy. Channel 5 issued a statement confirming they will continue to work with Amanda and Clive on their reality series Our Yorkshire Farm. In a statement to Express.co.uk, a Channel 5 spokesperson said of Our Yorkshire Farm’s future: "We respect the privacy of Amanda and Clive Owen at this time. “They are very much a part of the Channel 5 family and we will continue to work with them in the future."