Her Majesty was photographed leaving her home in Berkshire in a car, headed to central London. The Queen looked relaxed as she sat in the rear seat, near one of her ladies in waiting. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** The sovereign donned a light blue dress, accessorised with a diamond brooch and her signature pearl necklace and earrings. The Queen also donned a pair of sunglasses to shield her eyes from the sun. Her Majesty's brief trip to Windsor comes ahead of her first official appearance of the day. Earlier today, Buckingham Palace revealed the Trooping the Colour parade was slightly modified to give the chance to the Queen to take the salute as the Armed Forces' head. Normally, the Queen would take the salute at Horse Guards Parade, before heading to Buckingham Palace to watch the RAF flypast from the balcony. However, given her episodic mobility issues and advanced age, Prince Charles, Prince William and Princess Anne joined forces and stepped in for her today, taking the salute during a splendid ceremony. Nevertheless, to allow the hundreds of officials and soldiers taking part in the spectacle to pay their tribute to the Queen, today she will make a first appearance on the balcony joined only by her cousin, Prince Edward the Duke of Kent. The Duke will be there as the Colonel of the Scots Guards. READ MORE: Meghan spotted with little Archie! Duchess seen on rare day out in LA Following the Queen's arrival at Buckingham Palace, the Union flag was lowered and replaced with the Royal Standard to signal her presence at the residence. Following her first appearance on the balcony, the Queen will return once again onto it at 1pm. This time she will be joined by all the working members of the Firm to enjoy the RAF flypast. DON'T MISS The statement read: "After careful consideration, The Queen has decided this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday, June 2 will be limited to Her Majesty and those Members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of The Queen." An exception to this rule will be made for a few royals. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's children - George, Charlotte and Louis - are to stand next to their parents on the balcony, as they have done in previous years. Similarly, the children of Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex, will be in attendance. Finally, despite not being a working royal, Princess Anne's husband and former Navy officer Sir Timothy Laurence will be on the balcony. Prior to the Queen's arrival in central London, royals gathered to watch the Trooping the Colour parade in Horse Guards Parade. Among them, there were also Meghan Markle and Prince Harry, as well as other non-working Firm members such as Zara Tindall and her husband Mike. Prior to the parade, some members of the Royal Family arrived to Horse Guards via carriage. Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, led the way in the first carriage, where they were also joined by Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis on their first-ever appearance. The Wessex family travelled on a separate carriage, followed by a third one which included the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester and Sir Tim Laurence.