Sergio Perez has apologised to his wife after videos circulate online of him at a party in Monaco. The videos which went round social media earlier this week showed Perez with different women at a party following his win at the Monaco Grand Prix on Sunday. The Mexican was seen getting close to one woman and dancing with another. However, he has now moved to explain his actions in a message on his Instagram story. Perez says his relationship with his wife Carola Martinez is better than ever. The 32-year-old took full responsibility for his actions at what he called a "very bad party". Perez's statement read: "I have seen the videos that have been circulating about me and I take responsibility for it. It was a bad party that I didn't know how to control at the height of the person that I am, but it was just that, a very bad party.  "People close to me know my values and the type of person that I am. For those who ask me, we are more united than ever, me and my wife. "And for those who just want to hurt us, I wish you the best. Thank you all for your love and I apologize to all the people who love me because those videos don't represent me not at all. "We will not talk about this topic anymore, which only makes us forget the great moment we are living as a family. Thank you."  Perez won his first race of the season at Monaco and was rewarded with a new contract with Red Bull to keep him with them until 2024. He spoke of his happiness and pride of extending his stay with the team. Perez said: "For me, this has been an incredible week, winning the Monaco Grand Prix is a dream for any driver and then to follow that with announcing I will continue with the team until 2024 just makes me extremely happy. I am so proud to be a member of this team and I feel completely at home here now. "We are working very well together and my relationship with Max (Verstappen), on and off the track, is definitely helping drive us forward even more. We have built tremendous momentum as a team and this season is showing that, I am excited to see where that can take us all in the future." 