Polio describes a serious infection that can be prevented with vaccination. The UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) shared that the risk from the current sewage sample is low but urged parents to ensure their children are immunised. Dr Hilary has shared that the risk of polio is low as there’s not a single case but explained that the virus could pose a “potential threat” for some. He said: “We haven’t got a single case in the UK and we haven’t had one since 1984. “What we do have is evidence of polio virus in sewage works in one part of London. “That virus has probably come from somebody, who’s come from overseas who had the old-fashioned oral vaccine, which we used to get on sugar lumps. READ MORE: High cholesterol: 'Eat plenty' of a particular food to reduce the amount 'absorbed' “It multiplies on the guts and is excreted and it gets into the sewage. “But when that happens, it can mutate into a more virulent type of polio. “And if children haven’t been fully vaccinated, they are potentially at risk. This is a potential threat.” He explained that the most important thing is to make sure you are immunised.   Fortunately, the polio jab is part of the NHS routine childhood vaccination schedule. Dr Hilary said: “It’s given in five doses, [at] eight weeks, 12 weeks, 16 weeks of age and then again preschool and then again at the age of 14. “If you’ve had all five of your injectable vaccines, you’ve got nothing to worry about whatsoever.” The people who had the oral vaccination on a sugar lump are also fully protected, the TV doctor added. However, the doctor warned that due to the pandemic some children might have not had their polio jab. “There is a population of children, particularly those under five, who might not have had all their vaccination and might not be immune. “The reason we worry is because polio is a very nasty disease. Thinking back, there were people one in 100 that used to develop paralysis of arms or legs. “Some of them would develop paralysis of respiratory muscles.” That’s why both Dr Hilary and UKHSA are urging everyone to ensure they are fully jabbed against the disease. The tricky part about spotting polio lies in its symptoms as the NHS reports that most people won’t experience any signs. However, some patients might experience “mild, flu-like symptoms”, including: The NHS recommends speaking to your GP urgently if you have polio symptoms and if you travelled to a country where the disease is found.