Emma Raducanu has signed another partnership ahead of her return to Wimbledon. The 19-year-old is already a brand ambassador for the likes of Dior and British Airways, and she has now signed a four-year deal with HSBC, who are also the partners of Wimbledon. The British No 1 made her Grand Slam debut at SW19 a year ago and will return as the US Open champion and a top 15 player. Raducanu has attracted lucrative sponsorship deals in the months since becoming the first qualifier to win a Grand Slam title at the US Open. She counts Evian and Vodafone among her portfolio and has now struck up a new four-year deal with HSBC ahead of her Wimbledon homecoming. Almost a year ago, the Bromley local was awarded a last-minute wildcard into The Championships and stormed to the second week while ranked down at world No 338. Weeks later she became the first qualifier to win a Major title while sitting at No 150 in the world as she came through ten matches without dropping a set at the US Open, aged just 18. Her unprecedented victory earned her global superstar status overnight and the brand deals rolled in, with HSBC the latest to partner up with the world No 11. When Raducanu was just 12, she he won the Emma wins the ‘HSBC Road To Wimbledon’ South-East Regional Qualifier at the West Worthing Tennis and Squash Club and has now shared her excitement for her latest ambassadorship. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal 'expecting first child' after French Open heroics   “To partner with HSBC is so natural for me having grown up playing in the HSBC Road to Wimbledon and having been a customer for many years,” the British No 1 said. “If I wasn't a tennis player, I would definitely want to work in finance so I’m excited to learn more about the industry in the years to come. “We are working on some really cool ideas and I’m particularly looking forward to working on initiatives that help young people such as financial education, but watch this space!” Raducanu ahd HSBC are set to “collaborate on sports initiatives and financial opportunities for the next generation.” DON'T MISSUS Open to allow Russians to participate with Medvedev to defend titleBerrettini reacts to regret of losing ranking even with Queen's titlePeniston opens up on overcoming cancer to make it to Wimbledon  Noel Quinn, HSBC Global Chief Executive, said “HSBC has had a longstanding relationship with Emma and her family for many years. We’re hugely proud of Emma and what she has already achieved in her professional career. We also believe there are some really great and innovative ways that we can work with her to inspire and educate young people, which is why we’re so pleased to have forged this new long-term partnership.” Raducanu had previously been accused of getting “distracted” by her brand deals and off-court responsibilities following a series of early exits from tournaments but she hit back at the claims. "I'm training five or six hours a day, I'm at the club 12 hours a day. But I put one post in the car on the way to practise and all of a sudden I don't focus on tennis," she said earlier this year. 