Amanda Owen has confirmed that she has split from her husband Clive Owen in a statement on social media. The couple, who have been together for 21 years, have nine children together and star in hit series, Our Yorkshire Farm.   Amanda told her 513,000 followers: "Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to seperate. "This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family. "Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together, with out number one prioroty the happiness and well-being of our children. "We would like to thank everyone for their support and would ask that the media please respect our privacy as we work through this difficult time.  "Amanda & Clive Owen," the statement ended. The couple share nine children together; Raven, Reuben, Miles, Edith, Violet, Sidney, Annas, Clemmy, and Nancy. Amanda previously opened up about how she met Clive back in 1996 on her farming show. At the time she was a trainee shepherdess and was sent to his Ravenseat Farm to borrow a male sheep. Speaking about this on an episode of Our Yorkshire Farm, she admitted it wasn’t love at first sight for the pair. She said: "It was a slow burn thing we kind of got to know each other. “Made friends first then went out a little bit together." "With us both coming from non-farming backgrounds we were kind of peas in a pod really but we didn't know that at the time," she said. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan in tears as gun massacre speech reminds him of daughter [INSIGHT]Lorraine Kelly, 62, causes stir as she unveils secret procedure [ANALYSIS]Eva Longoria, 47, showcases peachy rear in tight-fitting gym clothes [UPDATE] Clive added in the episode: "I do remember this six-foot-something woman knocked on the door. “I was very taken with her. You couldn't not be.” At the end of last year, Amanda appeared on James Martin’s Saturday Morning where she told the celebrity chef about how marrying husband Clive was a “steep learning curve” as she wasn’t used to life on a farm. The Yorkshire Shepherdess said: "I went to pick up a male sheep and met Clive and that’s where it all began. “But obviously it’s been quite a steep learning curve because I ended up going to Ravenseat and marrying a man who will present me with half a bullock as a gift. “So you kind of have to go from zero to hero very fast," she said. Amanda previously told how she and Clive were not the romantic types. When asked if she and her husband are romantic, the shepherdess said: "I don't think either of us are! I don't think it's in our make-up." "Everything we do is interchangeable," she said to OK! Magazine.