BBC weather forecaster Carol Kirkwood warned by Friday temperatures are expected to get up to 33C degrees in southeastern areas of England. However, weather fronts coming from the north are going to move south as we head into the weekend, resulting in “some thundery downpours”. Referring to Wednesday, she warned England and Wales are going to enjoy “a lot of sunshine” with temperatures expedited to get up to 27C degrees. Northern Ireland and Scotland, on the other side, are going to see some clouds and light rain with temperatures up to 13C degrees. Temperatures are expected to turn increasingly higher than average as we head into tomorrow and Friday for the whole country, Ms Kirkwood warned. Referring to Friday, when the peak of the heat is expected, she warned: “That is when we see that clutch of fronts coming our way bringing in the rain across Northern Ireland and also into Scotland. “Further south, we are looking at more sunshine once again and this is where we see the peak of the heat. “Across England and Wales widely, we’re into the mid to the high 20s, for the southeast we’re looking at 33C degrees, possibly a little bit more. “Temperatures will be higher than average across the southeast of Northern Ireland and southeast of Scotland, but to the north and the west they will be around average. “All the fronts that come in on Friday with rain are sinking south, there are some thundery downpours as well.” Referring to this morning, she forecasted: “It’s a mild start today for most of us with just one of two exceptions. “We’re looking at a fair bit of clouds and some rain at times for Northern Ireland and Scotland, whereas it’s going to be sunny for England and Wales. “It’s going to be humid as high pressure is in charge of the weather in the south. READ MORE: Princess Anne ‘sees straight through’ Meghan Markle claims psychic “We do have a weather front today in the north producing some rain and we’ve got a lot of weather fronts coming our way as we head towards Friday, bringing in some rain and pressure conditions as well. “A lot of sunshine for England and Wales this morning, chance of a shower in Wales, Midlands, and northern England. “For Northern Ireland and Scotland, you’ve got more cloud with a fair bit of drizzle and some lighter rain across the north and the west. “Temperatures 13C to 27C degrees north to south.” DON'T MISS: 'Give up your palaces for migrants' Tory MPs demand of Archbishop [WATCH]Brexit POLL: Would YOU vote in a Brexit referendum on REJOINING EU? [LISTEN]Coveney caves as he admits UK's Brexit checking proposal 'workable' [INSIGHT] Through this evening and overnight, she said: “We’ll have clear skies across England and Wales, and we will find a bit of shallow mist forming for Scotland and Northern Ireland.” As we head into tomorrow, she said: “The shadow mist will clear quite quickly. “For England and Wales, it’s going to be sunny and very warm. “It’s going to increasingly turn humid for Scotland and Northern Ireland, we’ve got some lighter rain in the morning in the north and west but that will turn heavier as we go through the course of the day. “Temperatures getting up to 28C degrees, possibly 29C, we’re still looking at the mid-teens as we push into Scotland and Northern Ireland.