Paul Pogba has been labelled a 'bang average' player after his Manchester United exit was confirmed this week - with former Arsenal star Ray Parlour also insisting that Sir Alex Ferguson made the right decision to let Pogba leave the club in the first place. Pogba first walked out on United as a youngster back in 2012 before he was lured back to Old Trafford in a club-record £89million transfer in the summer of 2016. However, his second stint in Manchester has been hugely underwhelming, with the French midfielder poised to leave the club for nothing again after running his deal down. And Parlour - who won the Premier League title three times with Arsenal - believes Ferguson recognised that Pogba 'wasn't his sort of player' well before the Frenchman's disappointing second spell at the club. Parlour told talkSPORT: “You go back to Sir Alex Ferguson when he let him go, he wasn’t his sort of player – there’s a reason why he let him go. Sir Alex Ferguson must have looked at him and said his dedication isn’t right or something’s wrong, that’s why he let him go. READ MORE: Newcastle transfer plan hits stumbling block due to Mbappe “He’s come back to the club and maybe he’s still the same. Sometimes you don’t change. Sometimes I’ve seen Pogba play and I’m thinking, ‘come on, liven up a bit’, you know? “As a player you’ve got to perform every week, you’ve got to put the effort in every week, and you haven’t seen that from Pogba in a Manchester United shirt. Sometimes it just doesn’t work out as a player, it’s a lot of money to spend, he was a big signing for Man United.” And Parlour's talkSPORT colleague, Dean Saunders, agreed with Parlour's scathing verdict. He said: “When he’s had to stand up to the plate and produce the goods – bearing in mind he’s got a £90million price tag on his back and he thinks he’s going to produce magic passes every game – he just gives the ball away too much." DON'T MISSNewcastle target Ekitike 'has no plan to join Magpies' with fee agreedNeymar given Newcastle transfer advice amid PSG exit rumoursNewcastle 'prepare Calvert-Lewin bid' to rival Man Utd and Arsenal While the United contract rebel has struggled at Old Trafford, he has enjoyed success on the international stage with France. The 29-year-old has won the World Cup and the Nations League - but Saunders suggested that Pogba's international partner, N'Golo Kante, is the reason he's impressed. Saunders added: “I just think back, is it Kante? Does Kante make everyone he plays with look good? As soon as they leave Kante, they look bang average and maybe they thought he was better than he was. "Danny Drinkwater got in the England squad, never to be seen again when he didn’t play with Kante. Pogba when he plays with Kante looks the part. David Luiz looked a player at Chelsea when Kante was in front of him. Matic played at the side of him and looked like a world beater.”