Ruth Langsford, 62, shared a sad post to mark Father’s Day this year as she remembered her late dad, Dennis, who died in 2012. Dennis died aged 84 after complications caused by dementia, which he had been diagnosed with 13 years earlier. On Sunday, the presenter shared a childhood photograph of her dad lying on a sun lounger while a five-year-old Ruth tidied up their camper van.She penned: “Happy Father’s Day to all you wonderful Dads out there.  “Miss mine enormously.  “This is him in 1965 taking a little rest while I wash up in the back of the Bedford van that he converted into a camper for our holidays! Happy days.” READ MORE:David Hasselhoff, 69 steps out with wife Hayley Roberts, 42 In a separate post, Ruth told fans that she spent Father’s Day with her mum, Joan.The sweet clip saw Joan playing with Ruth’s dog, Maggie, who licked her hand as she stroked her.The Loose Women panellist wrote in the caption: “Missing my darling Dad today but SO lucky to still have my gorgeous Mum.  “Maggie loves her as much as I do!” Many of Ruth’s famous friends took to the comments to sympathise with her grief on Father’s Day.Vanessa Feltz said: “I know just how you feel my darling.”Lizzie Cundy echoed: “That’s so gorgeous. Beautiful memories.”While Dr Amir Khan wrote: “This is so lovely.” DON'T MISSGary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux[INSIGHT]'Horrendous!' Bake Off's Paul Hollywood on marriage breakdown scrutiny[LATEST]X Factor star hit by tragedy as fiancee dies on wedding morning[NEWS] And Strictly’s Sara Davies exclaimed: “Omg love this! We MUST talk homemade campers when we next catch up!!!”Joan and Dennis were married for 57 years and she cared for him while he suffered with the disease.Ruth previously opened up about how difficult things were when her father was ill, saying that her mother became “a prisoner in her own home”.Speaking in 2020, Ruth said: “My mum is an incredible woman and it was clear at the beginning that she would unquestioningly take on the job of caring for my dad. “She almost became a prisoner in her own home.“It got to the stage where she couldn’t leave Dad on his own for his own safety.”After caring for him for 10 years, Dennis went into a care home.Around the time of his death, Ruth said she felt “guilty” for seeing his death as a “relief”. She told Weekend magazine: “Eventually when he died it was a relief. But again, you feel guilty thinking like that.  “I still feel guilt at having put him in the care home, that I didn’t visit him enough, that we didn’t realise what was happening early enough.”