“We’ll be flinging open our doors and taking guests through the day in style with a line-up of DJs on our roof terrace and good times for all the whole weekend,” promises owner and financier Luke Davis who is now expanding the coastal community hub model he has developed in Sussex. Backed by private equity smaller firms specialist IW Capital, £4.2 million of investment has been raised for Hove and £8.7 million for the company’s latest Rockwater Village project. Currently, at the advanced planning stage, this covers the transformation of Sandbanks and Branksome Chine beach cafe sites in Dorset with the aim of increasing both national and international tourism footfall. A £10 million turnover is forecast for the business next year after Davis launched in 2019 when he returned to Hove, a place where he had once lived, and saw the potential of a rundown pub blessed with panoramic views. “I bought it believing something amazing and inclusive could be created,” he says. “Lockdown hit almost immediately, no one was travelling to Brighton and Hove. But that gave me the chance to develop a detailed concept around community and how we could flatten out seasonality to create an all-year venue." “That meant forging affinity so people kept returning. Our mindfulness and movements sessions, chess clubs, painting and sea swimming have helped cement that." “To cope with the first lockdown we opened our food and drinks huts ‘Shacks by the Shore’ either side of the Rockwater construction site and built a large deck with recycled materials from the old business." “That created a community spirit- customers named the shacks – that was our bedrock when we opened fully last year.” Now Rockwater boasts three restaurants and a spectacular roof terrace. “We’re a destination with all-encompassing lifestyle activities rooted in the physical and mental wellbeing of the community,” says Davis. “Rockwater’s a place where people don’t just socialise, but take part in projects and events we host from live music and comedy to festivals, tastings, stand up paddle boarding, yoga and menopause talks. “Our restaurants serve food from local suppliers and our recruitment for all the sites will run to 600 jobs. We see ourselves as a key employer for local young people helping them gain valuable experience. “As a whole Rockwater is difficult to replicate. Our roof terrace is the first of its kind in the area. It was built as a serene spot for residents and won’t fall out of fashion.” New challenges have surfaced including inflationary pressures on the food prices. Now, however, the company has launched Open Water, a subscription service full of incentives including gym and sports events access, all designed to appeal to both regular visitors and the many newcomers who moved out from London during the pandemic. “It will demonstrate the value of hospitality venues in serving their community and becoming must-visit places. It’s the antithesis of exclusivity,” explains Davis. “We are the sea view for all those who don’t have one. Let Rockwater entertain you.”