The rebate was announced by Chancellor Rishi Sunak in February and was expected to help roughly 28 million taxpayers during the cost of living crisis. However, technical issues have delayed payments for some which were originally expected to be made in April. People paying their council tax through direct debit were expected to receive their rebates first, going automatically into their accounts from the start of April. Households using other methods to pay their council tax should receive communication from their local council explaining how they can claim it. Councils originally noted that people should avoid contacting them about the rebate, but as the bills pile up many are growing annoyed at the uncertainty. The methods being used to dish out the payments differ between each council. READ MORE: PIP: All the freebies you can claim from the DWP to save thousands of pounds in June People have been assured that their council has not forgotten to pay them, but many have experienced delays due to technical issues. Households should note they could be waiting up to six months for their rebate as the software issuing the payments has experienced problems. It is also important to note that only properties in council tax bands A to D are eligible for the rebate. Britons can check their council tax band online. For those that are entitled to the £150 but have not yet received it, many councils have put instructions and advice on their websites regarding how to claim it and when people could expect the payments. Birmingham City Council notes on their website that the payments for non-direct debit taxpayers started on May 25. They added that they will need to confirm taxpayers payment details by July 31 and residents can ask for it to be paid into their bank account or have it credited against their council tax bill. Leeds City Council have had an error wherein some people received the £150 twice and noted they will contact people who have been affected by this. Leeds residents who use direct debit are expected to receive their payments before the end of July. Those not using direct debit are advised to use the councils’ online application form. Sheffield City Council have put a banner on their website asking residents to not contact the council concerning the rebate as the payments are still ongoing. They did however note that anyone who has not received the rebate by the end of June 2022 should contact the council. The rebate was announced as part of a package of measures to help support Britons during the cost of living crisis. At the end of May, the other measures were revised by the chancellor with more money being offered to the most vulnerable. Originally, the rebate was announced alongside a £200 energy loan which would need to be paid back over the following five years. The £200 has been increased to £400 and will no longer need to be repaid. Additional support has also been announced for pensioners, disabled individuals, and people on certain benefits.