Australia substitute goalkeeper Andrew Redmayne has gone viral after producing some bizarre dancing antics during his nation's World Cup 2022 qualification penalty shootout over Peru - before saving the decider to book the Socceroos a place in Qatar in November. Graham Arnold's men went into the game against Peru needing a win to confirm their place at the World Cup for the fifth time in a row. A tense 0-0 battle ensued at the Ahmad bin Ali Stadium in Qatar, with both teams throwing caution to the wind with such high stakes on offer. The game ended up going to penalties, and Arnold made a brave call substituting first-choice goalkeeper Mathew Ryan for Redmayne, who plies his trade at Sydney FC. With such a huge prize on the line, it was a bold move from the 58-year-old to choose his back-up. Furthermore, it looked to be the wrong call as the Gosford-born star was seen dancing around manically on his line, only to be thwarted by the free-scoring Peruvian side who bagged three of their first four penalties. But the frantic scenes soon turned to jubilation after Peru saw a penalty hit the post to level the scoreline. Then, then former Melbourne City star saved from a despairing Alex Valera to book the Socceroos into November's tournament as they chase glory once again in the Middle East at Christmas. Fans across the world could not believe their eyes at what they were seeing, especially with Peru tipped to qualify as favourites before the game given the quality of stars such as Renato Tapia, Andre Carrillo and in-form Serie A striker Gianluca Lapadula. Redmayne lapped up the occasion, posing with a delirious face as he sent his nation to their sixth World Cup overall, and fifth in a row. ABC Sport reporter Daniel Garb reported that Redmayne was ready to pack football in all together in 2016 after a tough stint at Western Sydney Wanderers. Reportedly ready to become a school teacher, he was persuaded to stay and turned his career around at Sydney FC. It was here where he made his international debut at the age of 30, although he remained back-up to Ryan as Australia's second-choice goalkeeper. And it was a memorable third cap for the star, who will remember his heroics for the rest of his life. The Socceroos will now face France, Denmark and Tunisia across the tail-end of November as they look to advance from the group stages for just the second time in their history. The last time came in 2006, when former Everton star Tim Cahill singlehandedly fired them to a last-16 game against Italy. They battled hard under Guus Hiddink, but ultimately succumbed to a last-minute penalty from Luca Toni as the Azzurri ran out winners before later going on to triumph overall in the tournament. 