Mr Haines claimed to of done everything he could have done when questioned by journalist Amol Rajan about it being his job to keep UK railways running. The planned imposed national rail strikes are causing mass disruption for Britons across the country, as RMT Union workers protest for pay rises of up to 7 percent. Mr Haines claimed to of been negotiating with Government ministers for up to 18 months prior to the strikes. The Network Rail Chief claimed that if the true circumstances were revealed to the British public they would believe union staff had acted reasonably.  Mr Rajan said: "As you acknowledged at the start of this conversation which I am grateful for you're doing millions of people listening to you now are facing utter misery today. "Hospital appointments are going to be missed kids will be stressed, late getting to exams. "You're the boss of Network Rail, and have been for some time, your job is to keep the railways running, do you accept this is a failure of your leadership?" Mr Haines told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "Look when you're in an industrial relations situation, the test is have you done everything that you possibly can. JUST IN: Prince William had to quit degree as he admits he fell ASLEEP during university lectures     Mr Haines added: "And I think the fact that we've been negotiating for over 18 months, the fact that we put a credible offer on the table. "The fact that if there were circumstances revealed to people, I think they would judge that we've acted utterly reasonably. "I think those are the key facts in this circumstance." Britons all around the country are going to be affected by the strikes this week, causing widespread condemnation for rail workers. Some people have been calling on Government ministers to take action to stop unions like RMT from causing mass disruptions in service crucial services such as rail. READ MORE: Keir Starmer picks side in Brexit debate as Labour rules out bringing back free movement    Transport Secretary Grant Shapps has discussed ministers changing the law to decrease disruption from strikes. Mr Shapps told Sky News: "What we will do in the future is we'll make sure we've put in some additional protections in place for the travelling public, for example through minimal service levels. "That would mean on a day like today a certain level of service would still have to be run and through changes to allow for transferable workers, that's a much quicker change we could take. "For future strikes, both in this current but also for other strikes, we are going to ensure that the law is firmly on the passenger's side. One of the ways is through transferable skills, or agency workers, as you call it.  DON’T MISS: Zelensky praises ‘strong guys and girls’ amid Russian onslaught in the DonbasVladimir Putin backed by 'network' holding £3.7billion in assets, report claimsDoctor who quizzed woman on sex life will be back in 6 months    