Jacquie Beltrao, 57, was diagnosed with breast cancer for the second time two years ago, and often shares updates on her journey to recovery. The Sky News presenter took to Twitter to share a before and after picture after her gruelling 17 hour working day, blaming the second picture on "chemo brain". Jacquie took to Twitter last night to share the two pictures in view of her 94,000 followers. In the first picture, Jacquie can be seen smiling and looking glamorous as she entered the Wimbledon tennis gates. In the second picture however, Jacquie is wearing a blue jacket, her hair messy, with clear distress on her face. She captioned the post: "How the day started & how it ended 17 hours later - hope I was still stringing proper sentences together - I can’t be sure - tennis, bl***y hell! READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning "@Wimbledon @SkyNews @SkySportsNews (thanks to my producer @SahilJaidka - he keeps things organised (I've still got chemo brain)." (sic) Many social media users took to the post's comments to compliment the presenter on her work and share their support. Simonwhyte said: "You are amazing!! #justsaying." LightHackers commented: "Amazing.. Olympian effort." Richardjacobs1 commented: "One of the best sports news reporters in the business and an inspiration to all." This comes as the TV reporter made it public that she was facing her second battle with breast cancer in June 2020. She was first diagnosed with the disease back in 2013. While Jacquie has previously shared that she is not fully cured, the on-screen star was given the all-clear during a scan last year. DON'T MISS... R Kelly sentenced to 30 years in prison for sex abuse crimes [LATEST] Stunner Ruth Langsford almost unrecognisable in glam transformation [LOOSE WOMEN] Madonna, 63, goes topless as she strips off in eye-popping snaps [PICS] The sports journalist regularly visits the hospital for checkups, sharing her visit with her followers a couple of weeks ago. She wrote: "So now the ‘kryptonite’ has finally arrived. I'm now radioactive just waiting for an hour until I can be scanned #hangry like you wouldn’t believe [fuming emoji] (6.5 hours late) #petscan." Her followers swiftly commented underneath the post, as they offered their kind words to the presenter. Deb wrote: "Wow, I can’t imagine how you feel. Hope it doesn’t take too long and then you can get home?" JohnBull commented: "Know it's a pain but at least you're being sorted now." Recalling when she found a lump for the second time, Jacquie told The Sun: "In June 2020, I was absolutely floored when I discovered a small lump below my right collarbone. "Even though it was up near my neck, it was still the breast tissue, and I was told it was stage four breast cancer. "Eduardo [her husband] was on a call when I got the results from my doctor and I ran into the room crying: 'How can this be happening to me again?’"