  Hollywood star Kevin Spacey managed to smile as he arrived at Westminster Magistrates’ Court, amid a crowd of cameras and reporters. The award-winning actor is facing four counts of sexual assault against three men.      Kevin, 62, has also been accused of causing a person to engage in penetrative sexual activity without consent. The American Beauty star’s charges came after a review by the Crown Prosecution Service of the evidence gathered by the Met Police in its investigation. He arrived in Westminster this morning dressed in a light blue suit and glasses. READ MORE: Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux    The Oscar-winning actor has been charged with two counts of sexual assault on a man, who is now in his 40s, over an incident which allegedly took place in March 2005 in London. He has also been charged with sexual assault on a man, now in his 30s, which took place in April 2013 in Gloucestershire, according to allegations. In addition, Kevin has been charged with sexual assault on a man who is now in his 30s, from August 2008 in London. He has also been charged with a separate count of causing a person to engage in penetrative sexual activity without consent on the same man.     Charges against Kevin were authorised last month by the Crown Prosecution Service. However, the actor could only be charged once he had travelled to the UK. Following the announcement from our Crown Prosecution Service, Kevin expressed his “disappointment” in a statement released to Good Morning America. “While I am disappointed with their decision to move forward, I will voluntarily appear in the UK as soon as can be arranged and defend myself against these charges, which I am confident will prove my innocence,” he said. READ MORE... Alex Scott issues 'warning' as she hits back at Soccer Aid critics [UPDATE] Tearful Fern Britton admits her children 'kept me alive' in dark times [NEWS] Mick Jagger's son comforted by mum as he sobs over dad's Covid battle [NEWS]     Kevin is one of the most famous actors in Hollywood, starring in some of the most critically acclaimed films of all time. He won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in one of his early roles as Roger ‘Verbal’ Kint in 1995's The Usual Suspects. He then went on to win the Best Actor Oscar in 1999 for his lead role in the film American Beauty. Kevin has also won acclaim for playing serial killer John Doe in Se7en opposite Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman.      He starred alongside a young Russell Crowe and Guy Pearce in 1997 for the late noir crime drama L.A. Confidential. More recently, Kevin had a memorable film role as Doc in the 2017 film Baby Driver, which starred Ansel Elgort. He also fronted one of the shows that established Netflix as a household name, House of Cards. Between 2013 and 2017 he played Francis "Frank" Underwood in the twisty political drama alongside actress Robin Wright.   