Aaron (played by Danny Miller) left Emmerdale last year in the wake of villain Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu) killing his boyfriend at the time, Ben Tucker (Simon Lennon). Ever since, he has been mentioned a few times on the ITV soap by the likes of his mother, Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) but even she knows the bare minimum about what he's up to. However, if Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) tries to help Mary Goskirk (Louise Jameson) with her sexuality, he could implore her to make contact with the former villager. The latest episode of the weeknight serial drama began with Mary and her daughter, Rhona Goskirk (Zoe Henry) at odds as earlier in the week, the newcomer admitted she was gay. Marlon was sat in-between the women as they refused to talk with one another but the ice was broken by Bear Wolf's (Joshua Richards) arrival. He turned up to offer the family some iced buns but the frostiness of the house wasn't thawed as Rhona said: "It's no good looking at me. "It turns out I know barely anything about my mother. Are you not going to tell everyone else? Surely that's the whole point of this exercise, isn't it?" "Yes, you're right," Mary replied as she mustered up the courage to tell the men about her sexuality, with Bear asking: "Tells us what? You're not leaving, are you?" READ MORE: NCIS’ Michael Weatherly announces new venture after Bull Before Mary had the chance to say anything, Rhona told the room: "No, she's not leaving. She's gay. What? Am I supposed to say, 'I'm sorry?'" "I appreciate it's a bit of a shock but this is your mother's private life," Bear said as he could see how upset Mary was. "Is it? Really? When she was married to my dad, living a lie my entire childhood," Rhona hit back, with Bear jumping in to defend his new friend. He said: "Well, that's how it happened then. I didn't know a single woman who called herself a lesbian. It's not like today when you can go whatever way you want." Mary added: "Try to understand, Rhona, it was illegal when I was growing up. I wasn't living a lie. I just turned away from that side of myself" "It was too shocking, too complicated," she explained before Marlon brought Aaron into the conversation by saying: "Like Aaron, Chas' son. He was in denial." Having had enough, Rhona said: "No, Marlon, it's nothing like Aaron. Just leave it to me. Look, mum, what about dad? "He could have been happy, he could have met someone else. It's unfair." "I didn't know how to start the conversation, how to find the words," Mary remarked, with Bear stating: "At least she told you Rhona, that took courage." "Maybe it was selfish of me to land it on you now but I'm so tired of hiding that part of myself and if I can't share that with my daughter," Mary commented. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Leanna flashes taut abs in tiny crop top amid exit [PICTURES]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock left emotional by Corrie star's declaration [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb addresses health 'hell' [COMMENT] "You know I thought telling you was the hardest part. It was stupid to think you would accept me," the newcomer said as she realised there was no getting through to her daughter. However, by the end of the episode, Rhona could see the hurt she had caused and had an honest conversation with her mother. Mary told her how her lost love, Louise, died on the Covid ward so the pair never got to tell each other how they felt. Rhona sympathised with her mother before stating she was happy Mary had shared such a big thing with her. It seems the pair are going to have a better relationship now than they ever had before but this doesn't mean Mary could feel she can't reach out to Aaron. Talking with Marlon, Mary could ask if she could have his contact details to talk to him about his experience of coming out. Of course, she could speak with Vanessa Woodfield (Michelle Hardwick) but she would want someone who doesn't have such a strong connection to her daughter. Having left messages and emails with no reply, Mary might think her mission is over but she could get a video call from Aaron. He could be willing to talk about his experience trying to understand his sexuality as part of a guest return to the show. Will he discover he has a new friend in Mary and will she appreciate talking to someone about hiding their sexuality as she did for so many years? The actor who played Aaron, Danny, spoke out about why he wanted to leave the show after 13 years of playing the troubled character. Ahead of his stint in I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here! he said: "I've actually left Emmerdale and unfortunately decided to start a new path in life. "I've got my baby now and I'm getting married next year and it felt like the right time to open a new chapter in my life. "It feels so strange telling people because I haven't really talked about it. I feel quite emotional about it actually," he told the press. But could there be a chance he could make a guest return? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.