Many hoped that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's return to the UK last week would result in a happy royal reunion, putting an end to rumours of a rift that have afflicted the Firm for more than two years. But the Sussexes were only present at two key Jubilee events, opting instead to be "in the background" of the celebrations. The Sussexes' low-profile appearance has dashed hopes the couple will return to the UK frequently in the future. Royal historian Marlene Koenig told Express.co.uk: "The Duke and Duchess were advised and chose to be in the background. "They attended the two major events and saw the Queen. But I doubt this will turn into frequent visits. "It is understood that they also saw Charles and one can only hope that the meeting was productive on many levels." Over the Jubilee weekend, Ms Koenig said that there were "no real talks with William as he and family had long scheduled Platinum Jubilee engagements". She added that it will "take time to rebuild bridges". READ MORE: Kate's 'hands-on' and 'nurturing' parenting style shown  Much of the fallout surrounding the Sussexes' exit from the Royal Family has centred on Harry's relationship with his brother Prince William, following the former's bombshell TV interviews about his life within the institution. The brothers were seated on separate sides of St Paul's Cathedral for the Service of Thanksgiving on Friday, and they were not pictured chatting and jesting at all over the Jubilee weekend like they were famed for in the past. While a big question mark remains over Harry's relationship with his brother, it is understood the Duke and Duchess of Sussex spent some quality time with other members of the Royal Family during their trip. The Queen is thought to have finally met her great-granddaughter Lilibet, who was named in honour of the monarch's childhood nickname.  The Sussexes hosted a special birthday party for their daughter at Frogmore Cottage, their UK residence in Windsor, and it is understood close friends and family were invited to the picnic. Harry and Meghan were not invited to join the Queen for the traditional Trooping the Colour appearance on the Buckingham Palace balcony as celebrations kicked off on Thursday. Instead, Harry and Meghan were relegated to an office on Horse Guard's Parade to watch the military spectacle with other non-working members of the Royal Family. But the couple did attend the Service of Thanksgiving on Friday and they were greeted with cheers, and some boos, from surrounding crowds. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry and Meghan Markle relegated behind junior royal [INSIGHT]Kate dazzles DAYS after diary clash sparked absence from Lili's party [PICTURES]Palace’s plan to ensure Netflix didn't get Meghan, Harry and Queen pic [ANALYSIS]  The Sussexes were seated behind the Earl and Countess of Wessex and shared a row with two of the Queen's other grandchildren, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie. After the service finished, Harry was spotted chatting to his beloved cousin Zara Tindall as he waited for his car to arrive. But the Sussexes were noticeably absent from the Platinum Party at the Palace on Saturday, which was attended by several members of the working and extended Royal Family. The family also reportedly departed the UK for the US on Sunday, right before the Platinum Jubilee Pageant began in London. 