Tyson Fury believes Anthony Joshua has picked the perfect time to rematch Oleksandr Usyk. AJ will look to regain his heavyweight titles in the rematch after losing them to the Ukrainian last September. The second fight, which is being billed as 'Rage on the Red Sea', will take place on August 20 at the Jeddah Super Dome in Saudi Arabia. WBC heavyweight champion, Tyson Fury, will be keenly awaiting the result and thinks Joshua has a better chance of beating Usyk now than ever before. With the former undisputed cruiserweight champion returning from war in Ukraine, Fury claims that Usyk may be ‘off the ball’. "Anyone can win a fight as we've seen many, many times. It's a good time to beat Usyk now because he's been at war for however long, if ever he was going to be off his ball now is the time," Fury told combat sports reporter Gareth A Davies during an interview on his YouTube channel.  Despite the timing, Fury continued on to state that he believes Usyk’s boxing is too good for the Brit, and that Joshua will ultimately fall short again in the rematch. "I just think that Usyk's too good of a boxer for AJ and I don't think AJ has got the ability to pressurise him for 12 rounds, drag him into a dog fight and knock him out," Fury continued. "You have to be an elite, special human being for that and I don't think Joshua possesses that will to win to do that. He's happy to come second place, he's too easily happy to come second position. If you're willingly settled for second, say no more.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury invited to Mexico for crunch talks as retirement U-turn looms Joshua and Usyk secure mouthwatering fee for Saudi Arabia showdown Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury '90 per cent done' Joshua and Usyk kicked off their world tour with a press conference on Tuesday in Saudi Arabia. During the afternoon’s proceedings, Joshua’s new coach Robert Garcia told attendants to expect a different animal on fight night. He said: “I want to congratulate Usyk and his team for all the success they had. They’re great people, a great team. I’ve been going back and forth to England since December. I see a different Anthony now. “I think he fought the wrong fight, but that’s the past, that happened already. Come 20 August, we’re gonna do what it takes. [AJ] is the bigger man, he’s the stronger man, he’s got the reach advantage, so we’re gonna take advantage of all that.” 