Moira (played by Natalie J Robb) has been Faith's (Sally Dexter) strongest support after the Dingle matriarch got diagnosed with secondary cancer last month on Emmerdale. After Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) and Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) finally discover the truth about their mother, next week sees them jump into action over how they should help the beloved ITV soap character. Unfortunately, it seems Moira could be facing serious consequences over keeping the secret as Chas will be out for blood. The drama begins as Chas is struggling badly with the news about her mother, knowing this time the cancer is terminal. It hits even harder when Faith explains she no longer wants to go ahead with chemotherapy and wants to make the most of the time she has left. Needing some more support, Chas talks with her brother Cain and asks him if he will talk to their mother as he is the only one she listens to. However, Cain is left furious when he discovers Liam Cavanagh (Johnny McPherson) knew about what Faith was going through and didn't tell him. As he realises he needs to control his emotions after throwing his friend to the ground, he retreats, just as Faith is convinced to give chemotherapy a chance. READ MORE: 'Thanks for asking' Charlie Stayt responds to BBC Breakfast exit probe Unfortunately, this isn't what Faith wants and she is only doing it to make her daughter happy, not wanting to ruin their relationship any further. The Dingle siblings end up in a huge row about their mother's future, especially when Cain finds out his sister pushed for the decision to keep going with treatment. For the first time since the secret was revealed, Chas sits down with her mother and actually listens to what she is saying. Once again, the matriarch plays a poker face but when her daughter is gone, it's clear she is not happy with what the future holds. As Faith makes jokes and tries to stay light-hearted, she leaves Chas concerned, who is still angry Moira had spent all this time with her mother when she didn't. With Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) unable to get through to his wife or support her in the right way, Chas ends up confiding in Al Chapman (Michael Wildman). As they both share problems about their respective families, the businessman implores Chas to open up about the reality of the situation. He tells her she needs to be more honest with Faith and upon arriving back to the Woolpack after getting some air, she apologises to her mother. Unable to keep up the pretences anymore, Faith tells her daughter she is ready for the rest of her life without treatment. They both accept she is going to die sometime in the near future and this could lead Chas to lose control and go after Moira. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charley Webb left drained over 'hellish' family problem [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Joe Tate star's transformation in new pics with girlfriend [PICTURE]Emmerdale’s Rosie Bentham pleads for co-star’s return 'A lot of drama' [COMMENT] With Moira having been at the hospital appointments at the beginning of the process, Chas would be angry over why she didn't help Faith fight harder for treatment. She knew if she were there, she would have made sure the doctors did everything possible to keep her mother alive and keep Faith's spirit alive. However, what Chas sees is someone who has lost the light in their life and is tired of trying to fight something which she knows won't go away. Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, the actress who plays Chas, Lucy, hinted her character could go to extreme lengths to get revenge. The soap star said: "She's really angry with Moira, I think that she's kept something like that from her." "She doesn't really listen to the reason why she's kept it from her but she's just more angry she's kept than information away from Chas," the actress said. It could be that Chas will confront Moira about keeping the secret and as things turn physical, she could end up pushing her sister-in-law down a flight of stairs. With no one around, Chas could move the body into the cellar and come up with a story of how she asked Moira to check something for her and must have slipped. As the family would fall for the story, there is no chance of her being reprimanded for killing the beloved villager. Knowing Faith was close to Moira and how she feels less supported without her by her side, will Chas admit what she did? Lucy added her character is heartbroken over the fact her mother is dying and this could be another reason why she loses it. The actress said: "It's not good, it's not looking good for [Faith]. "She says she's going to go to the chemo but Chas talks her into it, it's not Faith's decision herself. So Faith does the right thing for her daughter. "But Chas, underneath it all, knows it's not going to lead to a great diagnosis long-term," she added. Will she really kill Moira as her grief takes over? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.