Nelson Piquet has been banned from Silverstone days before the British Grand Prix after making an apparent racist remark about Lewis Hamilton. The British Racing Drivers Club (BRDC), who owns and operates the Silverstone track, said the comment was “unacceptable”.  They claimed the language used by the three-time F1 champion was “wholly inappropriate” despite his apology. They confirmed Piquet’s Honorary membership has been suspended with immediate effect. However, the BRDC added that it was “anticipated” his membership would be “terminated” in the coming days. It said: “The BRDC Board of Directors has noted that, in a Brazilian podcast last November, Nelson Piquet Senior, an Honorary Member of the BRDC, described Lewis Hamilton using a racially offensive expression in Portuguese. The apology issued yesterday by Mr Piquet Sr has also been noted. READ MORE: Piquet told damage is done despite apology for Hamilton scandal “In view of the BRDC’s zero-tolerance policy towards any act involving or suggesting racism, the BRDC Board has concluded that Mr Piquet Sr’s use of racially offensive language to describe a fellow BRDC member (and 7-times World Champion) is unacceptable and represents conduct that is wholly inappropriate for an Honorary Member of the BRDC, notwithstanding his subsequent apology. “Accordingly, we have advised Mr Piquet Sr that his membership has been suspended with immediate effect.  Following the Club’s due process, it is anticipated that the Board will terminate Mr Piquet Sr’s membership at a board meeting to be held after the required 7-day notice period.” DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton’s calls for change slammed by Bernie Ecclestone [INSIGHT]Ecclestone insists Hamilton 'should be happy' after Piquet apology [COMMENT]Nelson Piquet not welcome at F1 races as Damon Hill hits out  [ANALYSIS]  Piquet has denied making racist comments, claiming his words were lost in translation and were never intended to offend. He claimed he would |”never use the word” and claimed discrimination had no place in F1. The BRDC’s statement comes just one day after F1 bosses decided to pull Piquet’s access to the F1 paddock. Sky Sports’ Craig Slater said: “​​My understanding is that Nelson Piquet, even notwithstanding this apology that’s come out today, for the foreseeable future at least will not be welcomed back to the Formula One paddock. “I think these remarks he made and the language he used in this interview in November last year has registered deeply with those in leadership positions within the sport. There has been speculation about would he continue to receive a pass for Formula 1 events, my undertaking is that will not be the case despite this apology.”  