The British family unit as we once knew it is fast fading into memory with the inexorable encroachment of woke culture. Many loathe and detest us for who we are, and for what we stand. Why? There is no simple answer to this question. Our evolution as a nation over many centuries has seen us moulded out of conflict in many ways. Yet we are today one United Kingdom. The chief playmakers back in the day were of course the English. The Scots were subjugated along with the Welsh and the Irish into the nominally cohesive British nation of today. This is not, however, meant to stir controversy on the issue. These are indisputable facts, solely mentioned to provide some historical context regardless of extant desirability or otherwise.The common denominator though, the binding adhesive, if you will, that always traditionally held this together was the family. We’ve lost that, or at least its relevance seems to have sharply diminished over recent years. Again why?Perhaps we might ponder the importance of the just concluded Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The significance is the constant presence of the Queen in our lives, for example. Her Majesty is the epitome of duty, honour, and country, to use the words of General Douglas Mac Arthur articulated at West Point on May 2 1962.She is a living, breathing incarnation of devotion and steadfastness. She is unquestionably the bedrock of our soul as a nation, say or think what you like.There will of course be those who vociferously trash this idea as being out of touch in the present age. Fortunately, there are also those, still thankfully a majority, who just as strongly disagree with that notion. Far too much time and wasted effort has gone into woke irrelevancies while the British family bonds of yesteryear continue to wither. The strengths of the family are being increasingly eroded and sacrificed on the altar of political correctness. The spread of cancel culture is manifested in so many insidiously driven ways by disastrous experiments in social engineering. In short, woke is becoming a joke!The toxic indoctrination of our children in the theories of critical race theory, for example. Gender neutrality, use of pronouns, and other woke rubbish disguised as learning concepts being force-fed to our youth. The family is no longer trusted by the state to provide for the nominally safe intellectual development space of our younger generation.The living souls of our young are seen as ideal fertile ground for the cancerous spread of the this leftist agenda. The wokes are making a cynical, and successful, attempt to brainwash great swathes of our impressionable youngsters. Starting as toddlers and continuing through puberty and beyond this garbage is being instilled as the new normal, but at what real cost?We have become far too preoccupied with being coerced into apologising for being “privileged”, being forced to feel shame and humiliation for sins (real and imagined) dating back countless generations. Forced to apologize for what? Because I am a white male and thus automatically deemed “privileged” by some?By its very definition this is nothing more than racism. I will never apologize for who I am or where I came from. Christmas and Easter were always great British family occasions. Nativity displays and passion plays were widespread. Now these are being slowly eroded, consigned to history. A non-Christian might feel “uncomfortable” was and remains an all too familiar refrain - of course they never do. The Platinum Jubilee celebrations were an ideal opportunity to bridge divides, to unite around a common bond. The wider British public responded to this overwhelmingly. Literally, millions got caught up in wild patriotic fervour. It was intoxicating, but it was genuine and real. This past long weekend has been a real shot in the arm for all of us and one sincerely hopes that it will endure long into the future.Families came together, probably for the first time in quite a while, and it felt good. So how about we take some of the Queen’s stardust and apply that to rediscovering something that genuinely means something? The family.