Arsenal hope they now hold the transfer advantage in the race for Raphinha despite rival interest from the likes of Chelsea and Tottenham. The Gunners have just confirmed a £34million swoop for Fabio Vieira, who is represented by the same agency as the Brazil international. Raphinha has long been linked with a move to Barcelona, but the Catalan giants' financial woes has so far prevented them meeting Leeds United's asking price. Recent reports suggest the Whites are holding out for up to £60m for the winger, who is expected to depart Elland Road this summer. The delay in a deal with Barcelona has opened the door for interested Premier League clubs to enter the race. Arsenal have seen an opening bid for Raphinha rejected, but the Gunners are expected to return with an improved offer. Mikel Arteta's side are said to have gained confidence in their approach due to their recent work with Gestifute agency, according to the Evening Standard. The agency founded by super-agent Jorge Mendes represents both Raphinha and Arsenal new boy Vieira. JUST IN: Gabriel Jesus backed to take Arsenal to 'a new level' if Gunners beat Tottenham to signing  The Porto playmaker has agreed a long-term contract at the Emirates Stadium, and the deal was announced on Tuesday following a breakthrough over the weekend. Gestifute helped broker the agreement, and this deal could hand Arsenal an advantage when it comes to convincing Raphinha to sign. The 25-year-old was reportedly ready to shun offers from elsewhere in order to sign for Barcelona, but is now said to favour a move to Chelsea due to their involvement in next season's Champions League. Raphinha has shone in the Premier League since making a £17m move from Rennes in October 2020, scoring 17 goals in 65 appearances. READ MORE: Laura Woods names three signings Arsenal should make to get fans 'back on side' Arsenal transfer target Raphinha 'prefers Chelsea move' despite Gunners making formal bid  Richarlison makes final decision on future as Tottenham and Arsenal interest ramps up  Leeds are said to understand Raphinha's ambition to test himself in European competitions, and are believed to be open to sanctioning a sale should their valuation be met. Jesse Marsch has previously acknowledged the battle the club faces in keeping hold of one of their star players, admitting he wants the 'fantastic' attacker to stay 'as long as possible'. Arsenal missed out on Champions League qualification as rivals Tottenham pipped them to the top four in the final weeks of the season. Arteta has already brought in goalkeeper Matt Turner and Brazil prospect Marquinhos, and is expected to spend big in the coming weeks. READ MORE: Arsenal chief Edu gives tantalising transfer update to fans after Fabio Vieira confirmed Gabriel Jesus is said to have been identified as a priority target up front, and negotiations remain ongoing as Manchester City are said to value the forward at £50m. Youri Tielemans is also believed to be on the Gunners' summer shortlist, with the Leicester City midfielder entering the final year of his contract. However, recent reports suggest Arsenal's interest in the Belgian international may have cooled following the signing of Vieira. The attacking midfielder is capable of playing in a variety of positions, with Arteta hailing the arrival of a 'special talent'. READ MORE: Arsenal icon Thierry Henry has already given seal of approval to next Arsenal transfer