With them came one great question: how do we convert the Jubilee’s display of unity in diversity, vigour, ingenuity and sheer joi-de vivre into our wilting national performance? The short answer is not with Parliamentarians who repudiate before the watching world the very qualities the Jubilee was celebrating - the concept of loyal service and dedication to duty that the Queen swore 70 years ago to deliver as long as she lived. And she is still delivering at 96 in so far as her restricted mobility (which I also experience) allows. Yet on the very morrow of the celebration of the second Elizabethan age they try to ditch their leader. Have they no shame? It is, of course, no surprise that, like much of Britain apart from the monarchy and the military, it didn’t work - at least not for time being. The 148 clowns were out-numbered by the responsible half of the governing party. But their action – and not least its timing - sadly underlined that, in spite of the Queen’s example, her reign has seen a deterioration in the concept of service entirely at odds with her life-long promise to serve the people. And still, at 96 she does her stint as best she can given the aforementioned problems. In short, we can recognize a promise well kept and join together in enthusiastic celebration. But we seem incapable of following her example in the interests of the common good. I need mention only national and local government, the Civil Service and a range of public services, notably transport, the NHS and social care, an education system that seems more concerned with indoctrination than education and a police force that can scarcely boast of upholding the law. But that is not the end of it. The private sector is perhaps even worse in telling us incessantly how much it values our custom and then fails to prove it as it hides behind an almost impenetrable telephone system apparently manned by Daleks. We are almost indescribably better off as a people than when Queen Elizabeth II took the throne, thanks to successive technological advances that have liberated the housewife, ahem houseperson, from much drudgery. Even the poor live, technologically at least, in a different world. But that technology is used to fend them off when something goes wrong in their daily lives. Only recently a doctor I know found herself treating the victim of a traffic accident in central London. She rang the ambulance service who could not offer early attendance at the scene and the police simply did not want to know. I am the first to recognize that the Covid pandemic has ravaged our public services as well as the economy. But that does not excuse the difficulty of seeing a doctor (with resultant added pressure on overworked A&E departments) or civil servants who insist on working from home even though the issue of passports and vehicle and driving licences, for example, is a frustrating mess. So, what can we do about it, apart from individually committing ourselves to do our public duty like our monarch? It has to start in Parliament where Tory MPs plot to get rid of the Prime Minister as he wrestles with the EU, an economy devastated by covid and Vladimir Putin’s brutal invasion of the Ukraine. Even if he gets things right – at least for sensible people – on Brexit, vaccination and the defence of freedom against that vicious dictator called Putin, they hound him continuously. Their antipathy to an imperfect Boris Johnson leaves them blinded to national priorities. This is last way to inspire the public to work us out of our difficulties and put the country on a sounder economic basis. Where is their moral authority? Not that the rest of our Parliamentarians cut anymore of a constructive figure. Labour does not know what it stands for but, given the chance, would lead us back into the failing EU with the support of the Liberal Democrats and Nationalists who would then break up the UK. It is as plain as a pikestaff that much needs reforming in Britain today – and not least attitudes to work, duty and responsibility. But nothing will be done to effect real change unless our leaders in and out of Parliament set an example. “Partygate” and “Beergate” have done nobody any good but on the Richter scale of problems confronting us they should not register, except as an example of where our politicians should change their ways. It would bring hope that they mean to turn over a new leaf if they declared an unremitting war of ridicule on the wokerati who, in spite of being a tiny minority of the population, have come to dominate the running of our institutions. Not a day goes by that some new “guidance” is issued on the handling of, among other things, the seemingly infinite diversity of gender. Unless the politicians eradicate this nonsense in our institutions things will go from bad to worse because the wokerati are at base totalitarian. It’s your freedom they’re after.  We shall soon discover whether Tory MPs are completely stupid.