Inheritance tax (IHT) collects billions for the Government every year, and with a rate of 40 percent can seem like the last thing one needs to think about when saying goodbye to a loved one. However, there are a variety of ways Britons could slash the tax bill for their heirs while they are still alive. An Opinium poll carried out for Hargreaves Lansdown found that IHT is the most hated type of tax in the UK with 24 percent of respondents placing it at the top of their ‘most hated’ list. IHT is charged at what seems like an extreme rate of 40 percent, which likely contributes to its popularity or lack thereof. However, this rate is only applicable to amounts over the nil rate threshold, which is currently £325,000. For example, if a person’s estate is worth £400,000, they will only be charged 40 percent tax on £75,000 which is the amount over the threshold. READ MORE: 'Excellent!' - Bank launches new savings account offering 'competitive 2.55% return' There are a variety of other thresholds and allowances that Britons can take advantage of to lower their tax liability, but few know how to properly utilise the tools that will allow them to do such. One of these tools is gifting, which enables a person to give away what would have been part of their estate tax-free. One caveat on this technique is that it needs to be within certain gift allowances to be truly tax-free due to the seven year rule. Under the seven year rule, gifts given during the last seven years of one’s life that go above the allowances and exemptions could still be taxed at the time of their death. The annual gift allowance is the simplest allowance, providing each individual with £3,000 a year to give away. This amount can be split between multiple and part of the exemption can carry forward into the next tax year, although it will not be able to be carried any further than this. Depending on the purpose of the gift and the person it is given to, it may be tax-free automatically by nature and will not count towards this annual allowance. Britons can give as many gifts up to the value of £250 to as many people as they wish, although it cannot be gifted to someone who has received another gift under their annual allowance. Wedding gift allowances differ depending on one’s relationship to the newlyweds. They can gift their: If a person wishes to gift money to help someone cover their living costs, this will not be liable under IHT if they are helping: