William and Kate’s youngest son delighted fans with his incredibly expressive facial expressions. As any parent would understand, the four-year-old was a bundle of energy at all times during the celebrations, darting from one emotion to the next. In yesterday’s Platinum Jubilee Pageant Prince Louis was the subject of an outpouring of social media love for his amusing reactions to the parade. A colourful street pageant celebrating Queen Elizabeth II's life and highlighting Britain's diversity paraded through central London on Sunday. In reaction Prince Louis could be seen clenching his fists, sticking his tongue out and waving his arms in the air. The Prince even stood on his seat to get a better view of the spectacle. He was later transferred to his grandfather Prince Charles’ lap, who bobbed his knee and pointed out interesting things to keep the child entertained. Social media saw a flurry of comments on his appearance, with one writing: “Prince Louis being iconic as always”. Another added: “I have loved seeing Prince Louis these last 4 days he is so cute and like any other 4 year old behaved as I would have expected after such a long few days. “The Duchess of Cambridge showed patience and calm throughout, there were also some very loving moments between them.” A third added: “Prince Louis is a little legend.” Another admitted the Prince may have stolen the limelight from Her Majesty, saying: “A fantastic celebration of a truly wonderful lady ,however Prince Louis stole the show.” People overinterpreting the actions of the young Prince were shot down by one commenter, who said: “Hard to comprehend the vile monsters criticising and ‘diagnosing’ a 4 yr old kid because he was being a 4 yr old kid.” READ MORE: Harry faced 'painful 19 minutes' as 'reality of new life sinks in' [REVEAL] He also managed to steal the show when he appeared on the Buckingham Palace balcony on Thursday to watch Trooping the Colour. In a particularly iconic moment, Prince Louis howled and covered his ears as the planes flew past, as the Queen, known to him as his “Gan Gan”, leaned down and pointed out the spectacle. Prince George bared more resemblance to his father William, however, adjusting the front of his jacket at the same time as him. However, he was spotted cheekily resting his head on his hand during the show. DON'T MISS: Britons rush to defend Louis as Royal sensationally criticised [REVEAL]'She had enough' Princess Charlotte steps in to scold Prince Louis [INSIGHT]'Hilarious' Prince Louis pulls faces at mum Kate [ANALYSIS] Other members of the royal family in the box included Princess Beatrice and Zara Tindall with the Tindalls' two eldest children, Mia and Lena. With the ringing of bells at Westminster Abbey, a spectacular military parade featuring 200 horses began the ceremony as they marched down the Mall to Buckingham Palace. They flanked the gold state coach, a gilded carriage that transported the queen to her coronation 69 years ago, featuring a hologram of Her Majesty.