Manchester United have made a promising start to a much-needed summer clearout by confirming six first-team departures before the transfer window opens. And the Red Devils could wave goodbye to as many as 10 senior players in total as Erik ten Hag looks to trim the squad for his first season as manager. Lee Grant, Nemanja Matic, Paul Pogba, Juan Mata, Jesse Lingard and Edinson Cavani will all officially leave United as free agents on June 30. In offloading the sextuplet, United are understood to be freeing up almost £1million in wages every week. Such financial relief added to the current crop's wage deductions after failing to qualify for the Champions League is bound to boost Ten Hag's summer transfer budget. And United could be able to back the Dutchman even further with potentially seven sales. On Friday, Fabrizio Romano reported Eric Bailly and Axel Tuanzebe are set to leave Old Trafford this summer. It adds to claims from other outlets that Dean Henderson, Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Phil Jones and Anthony Martial will have similar fates - potentially raising a further £82m (transfermarkt). JUST IN: Manchester United 'set price' for Diogo Dalot transfer exit Henderson will likely leave United in search of regular minutes after spending the 2021-22 season as David de Gea's cover. He's expected to depart on loan, but the club could pocket at least £16m by cashing in on him. Bailly and Tuanzebe are valued at £7m each, while Jones won't be sold for anything higher than £4m. Wan-Bissaka would pose as United's marquee sale, despite his stocks plummeting since his £50million arrival in 2019. The M16 giants could recoup around £27m for his services, with Crystal Palace thought to be interested in taking him back to Selhurst Park. United have informed Wan-Bissaka that he doesn't feature in Ten Hag's plans, and the same should apply to Martial, who already has one foot out of the door after leaving on loan in January. The Red Devils could look to sell him for a fee in the region of £14m. READ MORE: Chelsea losing Rudiger 'bad news' as club icon 'sad' over Madrid move After his permanent switch to Flamengo fell through, Andreas Pereira will surprisingly be handed a chance to impress the Dutchman in pre-season. But if he leaves, as initially expected, United could raise an additional £7m, totalling funds from summer sales at £82m. It would likely boost Ten Hag's summer budget over the £200m-mark, a substantial amount of money to start reshaping a squad he found in disarray. But given the sheer number of players in the shop window, United's business will almost certainly leak into August. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here