Telly addicts will be pleased to hear that they are about to be treated to a brand new channel later this month and it won't cost a penny extra to watch. The new service, which is being launched by Channel 4, will arrive on platforms including Freeview, Sky and Virgin from June 29. Called E4 Extra, it promises to focus on comedy and entertainment with shows already confirmed including Batwoman, Ramsay’s Kitchen Nightmares, Ninja Warrior Japan and Undercover Boss USA. And favourites such as Big Bang Theory, The Inbetweeners and Derry Girls will be shown on the channel. It's also been confirmed that E4 Extra will have the UK exclusive of the second series of reality vogueing competition, Legendary, exploring the world of ball culture with celebrity judges including Jameela Jamil and Megan Thee Stallion. READ MORE: Millions of Freeview users will lose BBC channel this month as major changes revealed To bring this station to TVs there's a little bit of shuffling going on with E4 Extra replacing 4Music on the programme guide. That music channel now replaces Box Hits and will transition back to focus on music and the biggest stars of pop, as well as playing the latest chart hits. Speaking about the launch, Karl Warner, Head of Youth and Digital at Channel 4 said: "4Music started life as a music channel, but it has changed over time in line with audience demands offering a blend of E4 flavoured comedy and entertainment. So E4 Extra feels like a natural evolution, strengthening the E4 brand and optimising the content mix between the channels. "Going forward, E4 will hero large-scale reality and popular factual, whilst seamlessly partnering with E4 Extra where viewers can find scripted US favourites, comedy and entertainment. With E4 branded shows already driving a significant proportion of viewers to All 4, streaming fans will now have an even broader offer from the E4 family." E4 Extra will launch on Wednesday 29th June from 7am and here's how you can watch it for free. Freeview • Channel 31 Virgin • Channel 337 Sky • Channel 139 Freesat • Channel 181 YouView • Channel 31 4Music will move to: Virgin • Channel 336 Sky • Channel 354 Freesat • Channel 501