Meghan Markle and Prince Harry returned to the royal fold for the Queen's Jubilee celebrations - but their relegated seats were a telling sign of their change in status. Far across the aisle from the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Harry and Meghan sat in the second row, behind the Wessex family and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester. Royal broadcaster Ian Pelham-Turner claimed Meghan and Harry were "made to look stupid". Speaking to GB News, Mr Pelham-Turner said: "I am furious about what's happened to Meghan Markle. "I think this is the most terrible thing the royal family could have done. "You know what I think the Queen should be doing - this big stick that she's using as her walking stick, herd them all into Buckingham Palace and sort them out. "I think at the moment I can see the affect of what's happening." READ MORE: Lilibet's first birthday TODAY: Royal plans for Saturday June 4 He added: "I don't agree with everything they have done but I look at what's happening and I'm extremely disappointed. "I don't know which person decided that they were going to be ostracized from the rest of the Royal Family and made to look stupid." Working royals filled the front-row chairs, meaning there was no place there for Harry and Meghan in the prime positions. They no longer use their HRH styles and the event was their first public appearance alongside the Windsors since they stepped down as senior royals two years ago amid the Megxit storm. They did however make a solo procession, holding each other's hand, down the nave of St Paul's Cathedral, after the rest of the mass of more than 40 royals and before future king Charles and the Cambridges. They were personally escorted by Lieutenant Colonel Sir Alexander Matheson of Matheson, the Queen's Senior Gentleman Usher. With little happening at grand choreographed royal occasions by chance, it appeared to be a recognition of Harry's place as sixth in line and a former spare to the heir and of the way things used to be. Meghan, in an elegant Dior trench coat and matching hat, smiled as she walked through the church, while Harry bit his lip at times, while also nodding greetings to members of the congregation. DON'T MISS Prince Harry caught trying to look at William but royal refused [INSIGHT]GB News: Anne Diamond forced to shut down guest over Diana comment [VIDEO]Lilibet Diana christening: 'One worth keeping an eye on' [ANALYSIS] There was no obvious interaction shown on the television camera between Harry and his brother William, who have long faced a rift, nor the duke and Charles who have also had a troubled relationship, or between Meghan and Kate. Just over a year ago, Harry and Meghan accused an unnamed member of the royal family, not the Queen nor the Duke of Edinburgh, of racism and painted the monarchy as an uncaring institution in their controversial Oprah interview. Kate was publicly singled out by Meghan for allegedly making her cry in the run-up to her wedding. Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall meanwhile greeted William and Kate by blowing them a kiss as they met at the West Entrance.