Scotland’s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon will make a statement in Scottish Parliament to MSPs on Tuesday, June 28. She is expected to detail how she intends to hold a referendum on Scottish independence in October of next year, two weeks after launching her renewed independence campaign. Speaking on Monday, June 27, Ms Sturgeon, leader of the Scottish National Party (SNP), accused the UK Government and Labour party of “taking a wrecking ball” to the concept. READ MORE: Nicola Sturgeon accused of ‘being in cloud cuckoo land' as she prepares to unveil IndyRef2 She said: “Westminster is taking a wrecking ball to the idea of the United Kingdom as a voluntary partnership of nations. “A Tory Government with just six MPs from Scotland, supported on this issue by Labour, is seeking to deny the democratic right of the people of Scotland to choose their own future. “In doing so they are demonstrating beyond doubt that in place of a voluntary partnership they believe the UK is instead defined by Westminster control.” Ms Sturgeon said that her statement would give a “significant update” on how a "lawful" referendum could be held without the UK government’s approval. This second push for independence comes less than a decade after the previous independence referendum in 2014 whereby Scots voted 55 percent to 45 percent to remain. In order to have the power to hold a referendum, the Scottish Government needs to be granted a Section 30 order. This clause in the Scotland Act would grant a legal referendum and was given in 2014. However, the UK Government has indicated that it will not grant this meaning Ms Sturgeon is also preparing to outline a route in the absence of such a deal. This could mean that Scots are asked a different question to straight independence as before. Instead, voters could be asked if they believe the  Scottish Government should begin negotiations with the UK Government to leave the UK. Despite the SNP’s success at the 2021 Holyrood election, Prime Minister Boris Johnson argues that “now is not the time” for an independence referendum. Ms Sturgeon claims it is time for Westminster to “respect, not rubbish” the wishes of Scots and that independence would “restore basic democracy in Scotland”. She said: “The case for a referendum is therefore now as much a Scottish democracy movement as a Scottish independence movement. “Even previous Tory leaders from Margaret Thatcher to Theresa May said they believed the UK was based on the consent of the people who lived in its constituent nations. “It is time for Boris Johnson and Keir Starmer to respect, not rubbish, the wishes of the people of Scotland and their democratically elected government – and to respect the pledge their parties signed after the 2014 referendum promising that nothing prevents Scotland becoming an independent country in the future should the people of Scotland so choose.” The SNP argues that because Scotland voted to remain in the EU, there is a need for a second independence referendum. DON'T MISS: 'Whisper it quietly!' Brexit Britain lauded for 'leading the way' on Ukraine crisis [INSIGHT]'It will be a landslide' Edinburgh residents throw weight behind indyref2 plans [VIDEO]Fuel duty tax cut planned for millions by Boris - but Rishi Sunak refusing to budge [REPORT] However, the Scottish Conservative constitution spokesperson, Donald Cameron, said it was “astonishing” that the SNP wanted to talk about independence while facing the Ukraine war, the cost-of-living crisis, and recovery from Covid. He added: “Nicola Sturgeon is continuing to ignore the fact that the people of Scotland do not want another independence referendum. “Rather than dealing with the pressing issues that actually matter to ordinary Scots, the SNP want to recklessly break up UK.” So what do YOU think? Should Nicola Sturgeon be allowed IndyRef2 so Scotland can move on? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.