Nikita Mazepin has claimed he will sue Haas F1 team for not receiving his salary despite not racing this season. Mazepin said his contractual obligations were not fulfilled and claimed he has not received the money he claims he is owed. As a consequence, Mazepin said “we are going to court” as he hopes to start legal proceedings against his former team. He suggests F1 bosses had paid off Russian Grand Prix promoter Rosgonski when the decision was made to pull the race ahead of the new season and believes Haas should also pay out. Speaking to Russian media RBC, he said: “When the contract was terminated, Haas had a salary arrears to me for 2022. And they still haven't paid it. According to my information, Formula One paid money to Rosgonki for the cancelled Russian Grand Prix and, thereby, set an example of etiquette – there are business relations and you can't go wild, this is wrong. “Unfortunately, not everyone is guided by this." READ MORE: F1 outcast Nikita Mazepin takes sly dig at Mick Schumacher He added: “I'm just talking about the fact that contractual obligations were not fulfilled. You also need to understand that we had two independent contracts. And breaking the agreement with the title sponsor did not have a direct impact on my future in the team. “So they made two separate decisions. I didn't see my money, so we’re going to court.” Russian company Uralkali, owned by Nikita’s father, also demanded their sponsorship money back from Haas when the deal was terminated. They claimed the team's sponsorship money had already been paid to the team and called for it to be reimbursed. However, Haas later rejected Uralkali’s claim to the funds being resent. DON'T MISSF1 slammed for two decisions over Russia as commentator gives reply [INSIGHT]Mick Schumacher told Haas team-mate Kevin Magnussen to 'suck my b****' [COMMENT]Haas rejects Uralkali’s claim for sponsorship money as deal ended [ANALYSIS] In a letter, the American team said the company's calls for money were “ungrounded”. The team also claimed that the Mazepin’s ties to Putin mean they have brought the team into disrepute. The letter read: “According to unanimous legal scholars and case law, the party which terminates the agreement for breach of the other party is under no obligation to return to such party what it has already received under the agreement. “The claim of Uralkali to obtain the re-payment of the down paid amount of EUR 12,000,000 is therefore ungrounded and rejected.”