On Saturday, Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge had their first official outing accompanied by their two eldest children, Prince George, 8, and Princess Charlotte, 7. The events over the weekend sent a clear message of the Queen’s wishes to put the image of the future of the monarchy at the front of people’s minds while celebrating her tremendous milestone.  In her Platinum Jubilee message ahead of the weekend of festivities, the Queen said her hope was that “the coming days will provide an opportunity to reflect on all that has been achieved during the last 70 years as we look to the future with confidence and enthusiasm”. The surprise appearance of the Cambridge’s three children delighted royal fans over the weekend, with the youngest and rarely seen Prince Louis, 4, stealing the show. With music and pageant floats spanning the decades and attracting both old and young, matched with the Queen’s appearance with Paddington Bear showed the Monarch’s wish to be seen as forward moving after the pomp and tradition of the Trooping the Colour.   Though Prince Charles will be immediately carrying the Crown onward following the Queen’s reign, it was the Cambridges who showed the longevity of the monarchy. On Saturday, Prince William and Kate embarked on a trip to Cardiff to meet with performers and crew who were involved in the Jubilee concert taking place at Cardiff Castle. With the future King and Queen flanked by their heirs, the message to the public was clear that they signify the prospering future of the monarchy. READ MORE: Western economic reliance on China is ‘too problematic’   Princess Charlotte collected a bunch of tulips from well-wishers, mimicking her mother while they all waved to supporters. A touching moment encapsulated the warmth between the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall and the Cambridges. Not only did Prince Charles blow a kiss to his daughter-in-law at the Thanksgiving ceremony at St Pauls, but he also had Prince Louis on his lap during the Jubilee concert on Saturday. According to a close insider close to the royals in Kensington Palace, told the Telegraph: “What they are trying to do is slowly acclimatise the children to the life they are going to lead. DON'T MISS: Plotting to oust Boris will end in electoral failure - PATRICK O'FLYNN [COMMENT]Johnson slammed for trying to regain trust with NHS rescue plan [REACTION]Queen should make key political decisions over Boris - new poll [INSIGHT]  “It’s a careful balance – they want to get them used to that world but not make it too intense or make them feel like they’re different.” With images also emerging of the royal children interacting with other members and children of the family like Mike Tindall, and his children with Zara Phillips, there was a focus on the future generations of the Firm. Both Charles and William received multiple rounds of applause and cheers on Saturday during the concert as there was a tribute to the environment, an issue close to the heart of both the Prince of Wales and his eldest son. The two men and their families were reportedly “heartened” and “touched” by the support of the fans over the two-and-a-half-hour concert. 