As the Russia-Ukraine war reaches its 14th week, tensions continue to spiral in the East and eyes remain on NATO and its respective member states. First formed in 1949 as a peace treaty between 12 western countries in the aftermath of World War 2, the group has seen continuous enlargement ever since - and despite threats from the East, is only due to expand. The treaty, also referred to as an intergovernmental military alliance, was initially launched to unite allies against a German or Soviet attack. For over 70 years, NATO has been seen as an important pillar of European security; providing a strong link between Europe and North America in the sphere of security and defence. The group primarily consisted of western countries Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Iceland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, the United Kingdom and the United States. However, the group has seen successive waves of enlargement ever since, now comprising a total of 30 countries; 27 in Europe, two in North America, and one in Eurasia. READ MORE: Putin health update: Russian leader treated for cancer in April   So, who is currently a NATO member and is Poland one of them? Poland became a full member of NATO in 1999, alongside the Czech Republic and Hungary, the first three countries of the former Soviet bloc to join. The three nations were the first former members of the Warsaw Pact to join, which was a treaty formed in 1955 between the Soviet Union and seven additional Eastern Bloc socialist republics including Albania, Bulgaria, Czechoslovakia, East Germany, Hungary, Poland and Romania. The Warsaw Pact represented the Eastern bloc, while NATO represented the Western bloc.  The two pacts were ideologically opposed and spent the entirety of the Cold War building up arms defences against one another until the Soviet Union dissolved in 1991. Ex-Soviet states continued to join NATO as the years went on, including three of Russia’s neighbouring countries, Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania in 2002. Poland has taken part in 14 NATO missions and allied operations since its accession, including stabilising conflicts in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Kosovo, and Macedonia, as well as other eastern regions like Afghanistan and Iraq. Poland has long considered itself a front-line state against Russia and throughout the current ongoing conflict, Poland has been providing endless support to Ukraine with weapons, as well as opening its borders to refugees. The US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said the US is “actively” working with Poland to supply Ukraine with warplanes, and as a neighbouring country to Poland, has enabled much of the military aid from NATO states to pass through to Kyiv.  DON'T MISS:Russian senator warns missile aid to spark war with US [ANALYSIS]Merkel FINALLY speaks out on Putin’s horror war [INSIGHT]NATO allies: Is Slovakia a NATO member? [EXPLAINED]    The 27 European countries, the two North American countries, and the one Eurasian country with NATO membership includes:  Although, this list is due to change. Despite threats from Moscow, interest in joining NATO has increased from a number of nations in response to the Russia-Ukraine conflict. Sweden and Finland have most recently made the historic move of submitting applications to join the alliance, and Bosnia and Herzegovina, Georgia, and Ukraine are also recognised by NATO as “aspiring members”. 