Timothy McGee star Sean Murray has revealed a special snap on his Instagram page after meeting up with rapper and NCIS Los Angeles cast member LL Cool J. The actor is best known for his role as Special Agent Sam Hanna alongside G Callen (played by Chris O’Donnell), and their social media reunion has sparked rumours the two NCIS teams could collide again for another crossover on CBS. There is already considerable speculation surrounding what the network might have in store for NCIS’s milestone 20th season later this year. Now, a new post from Sean has fans in a frenzy as his reunion with LL Cool J suggests another crossover could be on the way. The long-running NCIS star posted the snap on Wednesday night, which showed the two stars shaking hands. He simply captioned the post with the hashtags: “#ncis #ncisla #ncisfamily.” READ MORE: Michael Le Vell age: How old is Coronation Street's Kevin Webster? His cryptic post is all some fans needed to start sounding off in the comments about another potential crossover over the next year. @juliark1704 replied: “I definitely would love to see an NCIS and NCIS LA crossover.” @deeks_devoted added: “We need another NCIS\NCIS LA crossover!” @rjkeilok asked the star: “Talking about a crossover for next season?” “Would love a super crossover of all four NCIS shows next season for all shows,” @jamesianmathews replied. To which @juliehaynes669 agreed and added: “I agree even though NCIS New Orleans is over we didn’t see any LA/NO action. “I’d love to see all the characters together and not just a couple of people in the other worlds.” And @jmic84 commented: “Man I wish they would do a crossover with all three.” (sic) DON'T MISS:Naga Munchetty makes demands as she struggles through royal coverage [VIDEO]NCIS season 20 theory: Torres commits murder in ‘dark’ clue [THEORY]Stranger Things' Jonathan Byers star hits back at lack of screen time [INTERVIEW] NCIS: New Orleans concluded with its seventh season last year, but not before Agent Dwayne Pride (Scott Bakula) had the chance to meet up with Leroy Gibbs (Mark Harmon) and some other NCIS favourites. More recently, the cast of new spin-off NCIS: Hawaii were paid a visit by agents Jessica Knight (Katrina Law) and Nick Torres (Wilmer Valderrama). Unfortunately, the original NCIS off-shoot hasn’t crossed paths with the mainline series since 2015. In the season seven episode Blame It On Rio, Michael Weatherly made one of his last appearances as Tony DiNozzo before his exit to take part in CBS drama Bull. Moreover, NCIS: LA leads Chris and LL Cool J haven’t crossed over whatsoever since the spin-off’s backdoor pilot in 2009. After two decades on screens, surely now is the time for some of the long-running agents to make each other’s acquaintance? NCIS: Hawaii’s crossover event received a warm reception from fans of both shows, so hopefully the series has something even bigger in store for the next year. NCIS is available on CBS in the USA. New episodes arrive on Wednesdays on Disney+ in the UK.