Royal commentator Sarah Hewson has suggested that Prince William’s homelessness work is an "insight into his vision" for how the British Royal Family could run in the future. As the Duke of Cambridge turns 40 years of age, Ms Hewson believes that Prince William will be "looking back and reflecting and looking forward at what his life is going to become." Ms Hewson told TalkTV: "While looking back and reflecting and looking forward at what his life is going to become, in the immediate term, there's a move on the cards, relocating from apartment 1A here at Kensington Palace to Windsor Adelaide cottage set to be the new home for the Cambridge family. "New Schools for George Charlotte and Louis who were pictured in a new image released yesterday to mark Father's Day. "As for William, well we are seeing him taking on an increasingly prominent role within the Royal Family, he has stepped up and taken greater responsibilities on behalf of the Queen. "He has asserted his authority when it comes to the Duke of York. "He's spoken out on issues that matter to him, namely the environment and homelessness, and he has acknowledged when things haven't gone well, particularly that tour of the Caribbean. "So I think what we're getting is an insight into his vision for the future of the monarchy and how he will conduct himself as a future Prince of Wales and one day King." Prince William, second in line to the British throne, was spotted in early June standing on a Westminster Street as a vendor for the "Big Issue", which is sold by homeless people in Britain as a way of earning money. "I was 11 when I first visited a homeless shelter with my mother, who in her own inimitable style was determined to shine a light on an overlooked, misunderstood problem," Prince William wrote in the magazine's latest issue dated Monday.  Princess Diana, who died in a Paris car crash in 1997, promoted and worked for scores of charities, raising awareness about homelessness, AIDS, leprosy and land mines, among other causes. Charity Crisis estimated that 227,000 British households experienced homelessness during 2021. "While I may seem like one of the most unlikely advocates for this cause, I have always believed in using my platform to help tell those stories and to bring attention and action to those who are struggling," William wrote. "...I commit to continue doing what I can to shine a spotlight on this solvable issue not just today, but in the months and years to come." News about the famous Big Issue seller soon spread through word of mouth and a queue formed, with people eager to meet the future king. But they had to buy the magazine and 32 copies, which would normally take his guide a week to sell, were snapped up in under an hour. During his time on the streets, William chatted to a number of people who fled the war in Ukraine and he told the magazine: "We met two Ukrainian refugees. The daughter lives here, she's brought her mum from Kyiv. Sadly they've lost a number of family members and most of their property. The grandmother is still out there. "And then there was another gentleman who undid his shirt like Superman with a Ukrainian logo on there. He's got his whole family over here and they've lost everything. From Mariupol."