Russian State TV host Olga Skabeeva has hailed the announcement from Nicaragua's Ortega as she called on Vladimir Putin to "roll out something powerful" to take on the United States amid the war in Ukraine. The Russian anchor spoke out angrily over the deployment of US long-range missiles in Ukraine which have the power to hit targets far inside Russia's territory. Skabeeva told Russia1: "The most unpleasant cherry atop the democratic cake for the United States was the sensational announcement by President of Nicaragua Daniel Ortega he permitted Russian troops, ships and planes to enter Nicaragua. "Of course, only for humanitarian purposes. "Russian troops can enter Nicaragua in the second part of 2022. "What did you want? If American missile systems can nearly reach Moscow from Ukrainian territory. "It's time for Russia to roll out something powerful closer to the American city upon a hill." The deal between Russia and Nicaragua comes as President Joe Biden gears up for the Summit of the Americas in Los Angeles on Thursday during which he will lay out a pitch to leaders for an environmentally-friendly economic partnership. The summit has been bedevilled by diplomatic strife sparked by Washington's exclusion of US antagonists Cuba, Venezuela and Nicaragua on the grounds they have poor records on human rights and democracy. That upset allies of the leftist trio of countries, in particular Mexican President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, who made good on a threat to stay away if all nations were not invited.  Other leaders said they would do the same, and did so, thinning the line-up of visiting heads of state and government in attendance to 21. Mexican Foreign Minister Marcelo Ebrard revisited the subject on Wednesday, saying it was a "serious error" to freeze out countries, and that the decision had set back the summit to 2012, the last time Cuba was not invited. Mr Biden appeared to give a nod to the guest-list controversy near the start of his speech ahead of two days of talks. "Our region is large and diverse. We don't always agree on everything," he said. "But because we're democracies, we work through our disagreements with mutual respect and dialogue." DON'T MISS: Putin’s mouthpieces propose horrifying mediaeval fate of UK prisoner [REVEAL] Ex-MI6 chief tells Macron he's playing 'risky game' pandering to Putin [INSIGHT] Russia issues Black Sea ultimatum as battle rages – Turkey bid fails [REPORT] The partial boycott has given greater prominence to the first meeting between Biden and Brazilian President  Jair Bolsonaro, an admirer of former US President Donald Trump who this week again cast doubt on Biden's 2020 election victory. Meanwhile, Russia warned the West on Thursday that cyber attacks against its infrastructure risked leading to direct military confrontation, and that attempts to challenge Moscow in the cyber sphere would be met with targeted countermeasures. The warning comes after Russia's housing ministry website appeared to be hacked over the weekend, with an internet search for the site leading to a "Glory to Ukraine" sign in Ukrainian. In a statement, the foreign ministry said that Russia's critical infrastructure and state institutions were being hit by cyberattacks and pointed to figures in the United States and Ukraine as being responsible.