The Duke of Cambridge paid tribute to his 96-year-old grandmother during the spectacular concert at Buckingham Palace on Saturday night. Prince William, 39, spoke during the ‘Our Green Planet’ segment of the show which was introduced by Sir David Attenborough and called attention to the beauty and power of the natural world. William reflected on some of his grandmother’s public comments about the environment throughout her reign, saying: "It’s my firm hope that my grandmother’s words are as true in seventy years’ time as they are tonight that as nations we come together in common cause, because then there is always room for hope." The prince – who in 2021 founded the Earthshot Prize to come up with 50 solutions across a decade to help the environment – shares his grandmother’s passion and stressed the “pressing need to protect and restore our planet”. He added that environmental issues are at the “top of the global agenda,” but also said he shares the monarch’s “optimism.” While nearly all attention is on the Queen as she celebrates her 70th anniversary of ascending the throne, for those with eyes on the future of the monarchy, attention is turning to her grandson. William and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge continuously come in behind the Queen in the vote for the most-liked royals. Ahead of the Jubilee celebrations, YouGov conducted a public poll of the royals’ favourability, which put William and Kate in second and third place, falling only behind the Queen who has consistently been the most popular member of the Royal Family since early 2021. The prince’s favourability may stem from his similarity to the monarch, with one royal expert has claimed that the second-in-line to the throne is built from the “Queen’s mould”. Howard Hodgson, author of ‘Charles - The Man Who Will Be King’, told Express.co.uk: “[William] is built from the Queen’s mould, in that he is much less controversial than his father and while he knows what he believes in, he also knows that he cannot shoot from the foot. “William will know when and how to be discreet – much like his grandmother.” Unlike the Queen – who was thrust into life on the throne aged just 26 – William has had plenty of years to prepare for his future role. In what has been described as a “monarch apprenticeship”, the prince has been able to learn from the expertise of his grandmother. Since his teenage years, the duke has had regular meetings with the Queen at Windsor Castle, during which the pair would go through the famous red state boxes that make up much of the monarch’s working day. Robert Lacey, a royal author and historian who acts as a historical consultant for the popular Netflix series The Crown, told Elle magazine in 2021: "He’s taken lessons from his grandmother, and this is something of a patent in the Royal Family. "Queen Elizabeth II took her lessons from her grandmother, Queen Mary. "In the same way, William looks to his grandmother, Elizabeth II. "William has been much more influenced by his grandmother than he ever has been by his father." The Queen, Prince of Wales and Duke of Cambridge are all expected to make a significant appearance to mark the end of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations on Sunday afternoon. Her Majesty will reportedly be joined by her three heirs – Charles, 73, William, 39 and Prince George, eight – on the Buckingham Palace balcony. The appearance will showcase the “future of the monarchy”, and according to the Daily Mirror, the monarch “wants the world to see the heartbeat of her family”. Mr Hodgson claimed the Queen’s heirs prove the monarchy is in “good hands”, saying: “I think going down Charles, William to George – while we don’t know much about George, other than that he appears well-mannered and much like his father – I’m sure the throne is in good hands.” The future Queens – Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall and the Duchess of Cambridge – are set to join their husbands for the special royal moment, and have similarly been preparing with heightened responsibilities. Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four, may also appear on the balcony, but that will not be confirmed until later. It will come after the carnival-like closing event – the Platinum Jubilee Pageant – which will start at 2.30pm on Sunday. The pageant will tell the story of Queen Elizabeth II’s historic reign through a military spectacle, musical tributes and performance art.