During Sunday night's third episode of the latest BBC series of Top Gear, viewers were left fuming at the HGV segment. Presenters Paddy McGuiness, Freddie Flintoff and Chris Harris took on several HGV challenges before they eventually became fully qualified lorry drivers. However, viewers were quick to take to their social media accounts to slam the BBC for the insensitive tasks and "waste" of fuel. Throughout the episode, they highlighted that despite looking cool, trucking carries a huge responsibility. When driving HGVs, the drivers are responsible for their own safety and the safety of other much more vulnerable road users. Introducing the main premise of the episode, Paddy explained: "Tonight [is] a very exciting show for me because I get to fulfil a proper bucket list ambition of mine. "Tonight is the night I become a proper trucker, we are kicking off by talking about HGV's!" Freddie continued: "As you may have heard, Britain is in the grip of an HGV crisis, with not enough drivers to get the stuff we need to the places it needs to go." READ MORE: Lisa Nandy dodges strike probe as Raworth grills MP over action "What does it take to be an HGV driver," Chris added. "We decided to do some trucking research and find out." The trio were first faced with a number of challenges, including reversing into tight bays and the “obligatory” drag race. However, as the enthusiastic learner drivers were impressed with the trucks and being able to have a feel for giant cars, viewers became increasingly annoyed. Due to the coronavirus pandemic, and with travel becoming increasingly restricted, large parts of the economy shut down. The pandemic also created a large backlog in HGV driver tests, so it has been impossible to get enough new drivers up and running. Britain has an estimated shortage of 100,000 heavy goods vehicle (HGV) drivers for a variety of reasons, including industry pay issues and drivers retiring. Taking to their Twitter accounts to express their concerns with the fuel shortage and HGV shortage, with Bill Eadie fuming: "@BBC_TopGear #TopGear a pointless waste of fuel and of little relevance or benefit to the majority of drivers." @WestonGreenman commented: "Nice contribution to the current shortage of qualified HGV drivers and more so the shortage of examiners. #TopGear waste three potential places for the sake of pandering to their egos #bbc @BBC_TopGear." (sic) DON'T MISS...Paddy McGuiness says driving a HGV is better than driving a sports car [INSIGHT]Freddie Flintoff was ‘petrified’ filming Top gear stunt [LATEST]Chris Harris’ brutal verdict on Top Gear co-hosts [MORE] @McaleesJohn added: "Dear @BBC #TopGear... Please don't try and solve the UK's trucker shortage by training up Chris Harris, Andrew Flintoff and Paddy McGuinness. "I can't see them changing their careers, can you?" @JMegafu hoped: "Hopefully, they will highlight the shocking lack of facilities, poor working environment, working hours and pay in this episode. "If they don't, people will be rightly irritated. We owe truckers so much #topgear." Defending the choices to drive the HGV's on the show, Andrew Hartness praised: "Well done to BBC for highlighting the HGV crisis. Done in a fun and entertaining way." Angela Lones agreed: "HGV truck driving is an amazing idea. Yes, we have a crisis in the UK, but that shouldn't stop them having a go at driving them." (sic) Freddie recently spoke to Express.co.uk about participating in the challenge and revealed: "You feel you got responsibility for everyone else on the road because they can do so much damage. "I felt worse on the road than on the track I’m not saying I was good on the track, but you're so wise on the roads it’s bizarre because it's so big." Top Gear airs Sunday from 8pm on BBC One.