Inter Milan are hopeful of repeating the transfer trick that saw them sign Alexis Sanchez from Manchester United in their pursuit of Romelu Lukaku. The Belgian is understood to be ready to leave Chelsea, despite only returning to Stamford Bridge last summer. It has been a disastrous return to the Blues for Lukaku as he scored just eight Premier League goals. His campaign was frequently punctuated by reports of his unhappiness, with Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel regularly benching him as he struggled to fit in. A return to Inter would appear to be the most likely scenario, with Lukaku having starred across a two-season spell at the San Siro. But his £325,000 per week salary and Chelsea's desire to recoup as much of the £97million fee they paid for him last year as possible are obstacles to any Inter move. But according to The Sun, Inter are hoping to use a plan they have deployed before in an attempt to secure Lukaku's return. That plan is for Lukaku to arrive on loan as part of a 'salary-sharing' deal. READ MORE: Chelsea contact Inter over second deal 'less complex' than Lukaku loan Though they are 'keen' on signing the Belgian, money is at a 'premium' for the Serie A giants. Inter are said to be ready to pay just over a third of Lukaku's current wages and are hoping that Chelsea will make up the remainder in order to push through a move. That would leave the Blues paying out around £200,000 a week in wages, despite Lukaku playing for Inter. The Serie A giants are though ready to sweeten the deal by paying Chelsea loan fee in the region of £20m, which would help the Premier League side to fund their own transfer moves. DON'T MISS: What Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has told Boehly about Romelu Lukaku (INSIGHT)Chelsea star Romelu Lukaku's coy three-word message on Inter transfer (NEWS)Chelsea make Lukaku 'preference' clear as German legend backs transfer (TRANSFERS) While there are still 'lots of hurdles' to jump over, with talks yet to start, Inter will look to past transfer dealings with hope. They pulled off a similar move two years ago to sign United flop Sanchez, with the attacker now at Inter on a permanent basis. Chelsea themselves have even agreed to similar loan deals twice before, to send Diego Costa and Alvaro Morata away after they also endured failed transfers. Lukaku will hope the Blues will sanction such a deal for a third time amid his unhappiness at Stamford Bridge.