Queen Elizabeth II has cemented her place as a record breaking monarch this year as she celebrated 70 years on the throne – the first in British history to do so. Her Platinum Jubilee weekend earlier this month saw thousands gather outside Buckingham Palace to show their appreciation for her work. While she made a handful of appearances, she wasn unable to attend all the events due to ongoing mobility issues. Given her age, attention has been turned to those next in line to the throne: Prince Charles and Prince William. Reports have indicated for years that the Prince of Wales wants to slim down the monarchy . There are also concerns, however, that he will be unable to live up to the Queen's benchmark as a popular and widely revered monarch. This has led to the suggestion that Prince William — who this week celebrates his milestone 40th birthday — could instead become the next king. But there are uncertainties even with him, as the monarchy appears to be diminishing in popularity around the world, most notably in the Commonwealth realms. In April, a survey found that nearly half of Britons think Charles should step aside in favour of his son. Ipsos ran a poll for the Independent in which 42 percent of Britons responded in favour of William taking the throne next. Just 24 percent said Charles should not step aside, and 29 percent said they don’t have strong feelings on the issue. Royal expert Jennie Bond claimed in April that there is "no chance" William will become king and not Charles. She described Charles as the "best-trained monarch we've ever had" who "wants the top job". She explained: “Suggestions that the crown should skip a generation are well, well out. I don’t think William should be made to take on that level of responsibility at his relatively young age. What do you think? Should Prince William become the UK's next monarch? Have your say in our poll below. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'sucked into alien world' as William rift 'unsolvable' “Charles is certainly the best-trained monarch we’ve ever, ever had. And he wants the top job, whatever Diana said, and she told me that as well, that he would be happier painting in Tuscany than being King. "But I think he does want the job he’s been trained for, and the fact of the matter is, that the instant the Queen dies, it’s long live the King. “Knowing Charles a little bit as I have over the years, I’ve always maintained actually, that I think he has the makings of being a very fine King. He’s a decent person you know, he made an absolute mess of his first marriage and his private life, of which a lot of us have done that. It took a long, long time for the public to forgive him.” DON'T MISSRoyal LIVE: William hatches new masterplan to make Andrew 'vanish' [INSIGHT]Eagle-eyed royal fans say Louis is 'image of Kate's dad' [ANALYSIS]Capturing the hearts of the public: Prince William shares family photo [INSIGHT] Earlier this year, royal experts warned William will face an enormous task trying to modernise the monarchy after the Cambridges' disastrous trip to the Caribbean. They were met with protests in Jamaica, the Bahamas and Belize over the monarchy's colonial past. William issued a statement after the trip – understood to have not been discussed with the Queen and Charles first – in which he said the visit “had brought into even sharper focus questions about the past and the future”. 