As it happens, the PM scraped through 211-148, with the confidence of just under 60 per cent of his MPs. It was hardly a ringing endorsement. But this is not a leader who is likely to go quietly so unless Tory rebels are willing to get behind a contender pronto it looks as if Johnson lives to fight another day. It would be easy to pick through the hopefuls to succeed Johnson, and dismiss them one by one: too lightweight, too detached, untested. To be fair such terms have always been thrown around against leadership contenders. Then there is the charge that Johnson prevents the prospect of Labour, with repeated attacks on the competence of its leadership not capitalising on Tory woes (although Labour have been consistently polling ahead since December). The reality though is that Conservative woes now run deeper than Johnson. Keep him or ditch him, this increasingly rudderless party will keep rehashing Maggie’s greatest hits for a different era with different challenges. An election winning machine it may be, but the Tories appear to win elections for the sake of winning them, unsure of what to do when they actually do so. After 12 years it is hard to see what achievements the party has to its name besides being fractionally less bad than the other team. Where is this Brexit dividend? Where is the entrepreneurial dynamism? Where is the small government and low taxes? The deregulation? Safer streets? Aspiration nation stuff? That said, the winner-takes-all first-past-the-post electoral system locks them into power. By contrast, Labour - once also a beneficiary of this system - is increasingly finding the electoral arithmetic doesn’t add up for them.  Hardly surprising perhaps that Labour is reported to be working on an electoral pact with the Lib Dems, a party which - alongside UKIP and later the Brexit Party – has most to gain from proportional representation (PR).  When the Lib Dems entered a somewhat awkward coalition with David Cameron’s Conservatives back in 2010, a condition they set was a vote on changing the electoral system, albeit not to full-blown PR. That referendum was lost. Now however, polling suggests a fresh referendum for full-blown PR would win. Labour, perhaps believing their electoral chances are now enhanced by PR, would likely agree to this Lib Dem demand. Not least because it is the Tories who would be crushed by ditching first-past-the-post, forever locked out of majority rule, and instead requiring coalition partners like Reform UK in order to govern. In attempting to be all things to all people, winning over the Brexiteer Red Wall and Stockbroker Belt Blue Wall – one in danger from Labour and the other from the Lib Dems – the Tories are risking permanent loss of power.   Bereft of big ideas, committed to house price inflation, split on Brexit, weak on core policies such as strong borders and law and order, the party’s problems now run deeper than Johnson. Would a fresh pair of hands really course correct enough between now and the next election? In the meantime, Tory civil war is hardly a great look. Labour may be many things but the party does at least have some vision for what the UK ought to look like, as do the Greens, Lib Dems and Reform UK. By contrast, the Conservatives seem content to occupy without ideas. This Janus-faced approach will only get the Tories so far. In fact, come the next election, it could risk everything. Unable to unseat Johnson – but unsure of who or what would replace him – the party is fast running out of road. Love him or hate him, ditch him or keep him, Johnson is most likely a symptom rather than a cause of Tory problems. Only a full-blown reset can rescue the Conservatives now, but only 1997-style defeat is likely to do that. Meanwhile, faced with a looming Lib-Lab coalition, such defeat could end Conservative Party dominance forever. 