The Elvis Presley biopic is due to hit cinemas at the end of the month and although Baz Luhrmann’s lavish movie has received mixed reviews, the critics have hailed Austin Butler’s performance. The 30-year-old rising star even has the backing of The King’s ex-wife Priscilla and their daughter Lisa Marie Presley. In a long and emotional Instagram post having seen the film, the latter wrote: “Austin Butler channelled and embodied my father’s heart and soul beautifully. In my humble opinion, his performance is unprecedented and FINALLY done accurately and respectfully. (If he doesn’t get an Oscar for this, I will eat my own foot, haha.)” Now an exclusive clip from the Elvis movie has been shared online, featuring Butler’s King singing Trouble back in the late 1950s. The scene comes when pressure is put on the singer to conform to the conservative times and step away from the gyrating hip dancing he’d been doing on national television. After a cop tells him, ‘You don’t so much as wiggle a finger’, his Elvis takes to stage in front of a huge audience. In an uncanny accent, he tells his fans: “There’s a lot of people who’ve been saying a lot of things. But in the end you’ve got to listen to yourself.” Butler’s King then wiggles his finger at the crowd in defiance and shouts, “I’m going to show you what the real Elvis is like tonight!”, as Tom Hanks’ manager Colonel Tom Parker looks on in dismay. The young star then starts singing the bluesy tune Trouble, which in real life the music icon sang in his 1958 movie King Creole and to open his 1968 Comeback Special. What’s incredible is that this isn’t a lip-sync of the real Elvis, but Butler himself having mastered the voice. Speaking with The Hollywood Reporter, Baz confirmed that for young Elvis, it really was the young star singing, while for older it was a mixture of him and the late music legend himself. DON'T MISSElvis movie review: Tom Hanks Colonel very much the villain of biopic [REVIEW]Elvis movie star ‘had chills’ over personal connection to The King [AUSTIN BUTLER]Elvis Graceland upstairs: Last record he played and final book he read [ELVIS DEATH] Butler explained: “When I began the process, I set out to get my voice to be identical. That instils fear. So that got the fire burning. For a year before we started shooting, I was doing voice coaching I watched as much as I could, over and over,” Butler said of studying the abundance of Presley’s films and concerts. I feel such a responsibility to Elvis and to [ex-wife] Priscilla and [daughter] Lisa Marie, and all the people around the world who love him so much.” Elvis hits cinemas on June 24, 2022. SOURCE