Jeremy Clarkson, 62, who declared himself a "remainer", shared his thoughts as he weighed in on the flags being paraded around his area. Millions of people throughout the UK have come together to celebrate the historic event of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, with Union Jack flags on show in several cities as a sign of passion and patriotism. The car-enthusiast turned farmer sparked a social media reaction as he revealed the European flag (EU) was on full display in the area of Charlbury - although he found the move amusing he cheekily reacted. In view of his 7.7 million followers, the Clarkson's Farm star admitted he found the move "funny" but also described it as "c***ish". He penned: "Someone in Charlbury is flying the EU flag. As a remainer, I have to say that’s funny, but also a bit c***ish." His tweet sparked a reaction online as social media users reacted to the post. READ MORE: Piers Morgan's dig at Meghan Markle after Prince Louis' reaction Twitter user, @LLemonSS commented: "I don't think it's c***ish at all. If you support the EU as an ideal, then you support it. If you're referring to the fact it's being flown during the Jubilee bank holiday, well the royal family (regardless of your opinion of them) have nothing to do with the EU anyway." @Charlbury remarked: "Do try and keep up Jeremy, we’ve had them up since the referendum." @nigelx31 tweeted: "That flag's been up since before the referendum. Not a nose-thumb to Her Maj." @mickeyboo wrote: "I think it’s brilliant. And funny. Not c***ish."  @tailonfyre added: "I’m afraid that’s Charlbury for you!" His comments come after Britons across the country celebrate the Platinum Jubilee with Union Jack-themed bunting and flags. The move has sparked some criticism on social media with claims the Union Jack is a symbol of historic racism and jingoism, leading to an explosion of fierce discussion online over whether it should be used. Union Jack flags, hats, shirts, and bunting - the symbol of the United Kingdom is on every street corner as thousands gather to celebrate the Queen’s 70-year reign on the throne. DON'T MISS... Helen Skelton reacts to post about exes amid split from husband[LATEST]Hollyoaks' star Jorgie Porter goes topless for dip in swimming pool[PICTURES]Amber Heard can't afford to pay Johnny Depp $8m, says lawyer[UPDATES] Some social media users have criticised the use of the flag which has sparked numerous discussions online. Twitter user, @selfesteem wrote: "I just can’t think of anything more embarrassing than a Union Jack flag." @LemSip27 commented: "We live in a massive Tory area. Walked past the house up the road, brand new massive flagpole and Union Jack flag. I see it as a threat, it's fascism." But other Britons have questioned why the flag is such an issue for so many. @Super_Pompey penned: "My love of the union jack doesn't just come from the monarchy, my gramps was a royal marine and I'm very proud of that." @Val wrote: "Proud of everyone with their Union Jack flags up." The United Kingdom left the European Union on 31 January 2020. In 2020 the EU and the UK reached an agreement on their new partnership. It sets out the rules that apply between the EU and the UK as of January 1, 2021.