Katherine Ryan takes viewers behind-the-scenes to showcase what really goes on backstage at a stand-up show. The comedian has teamed up with Jimmy Carr, Frankie Boyle, Judi Love and Jo Brand to name a few. Speaking to Express.co.uk about the Amazon Prime Video series, Katherine opened up on the culture of cancelling comedians for jokes some people find offensive. The comedian was asked if she was concerned about cancel culture. She said: “I don't think like that. I think my career changed very quickly. “When I first came to this country I was doing, open mic gigs in the basement of Wetherspoons and nobody listened to it. “I was very free with everything that I said and then the first time that it was amplified put in the newspaper or put on television, I went, ‘Oh, that can hurt someone's feelings or maybe I should have articulated myself a little bit differently.’” Read more: Jo Brand hits out at censoring comedy “I like to push the envelope and I like to challenge people, I like to be edgy, but I never want to hurt anyone's feelings,” she continued. “So a good example would be I used to have a joke about Cheryl that everyone loved and it was fun to tell it because I didn't mean any harm. “Cheryl was this superstar and someone I truly loved. “I’ve always talked about pop culture a lot in my comedy, but then things started to get a little bit tough on her and people turned on her.” Katherine explained why she decided to no longer tell the joke. “That joke became inappropriate because all of a sudden I was on television and I thought she might actually care that I've said that it might hurt her feelings,” she said. “Maybe she's not someone who likes jokes right now and then I stopped telling it even though it was a fun joke. “People loved it. It was a shame because if I were Cheryl I love jokes even at my expense but not everyone does.” DON'T MISS'You can be more offensive' Russell Kane rubbishes 'cancel culture' [INSIGHT]Prince Charles patted on arm by Judi Love as she broke royal protocol [VIDEO]Russell Kane says Steph McGovern 'gets away with filthy antics' [INTERVIEW] “So I don't worry about being cancelled at all because I don't have any control over that,” she added. “If I'm cancelled for something I will have already said it but I don't want to hurt people's feelings. “I make an active, concerted effort not to hurt people's feelings just for my own moral compass, not for any fear of like backlash.” In 2019, Katherine poked fun at Cheryl on The Lateish Show with Mo Gilligan on Channel 4. She said: “The nation’s sweetheart! She’s so tiny though. If she was born in the winter, she wouldn’t have made it. Tiny. “And you just can’t knock her down – even God tried. Malaria! “She won’t die. She’s a very strong woman.” Backstage with Katherine Ryan is available to stream on Amazon Prime Video.