Former Coronation Street star Ian Bartholomew auditioned for Britain's Got Talent back in January. He performed his own song, This Time It's Forever, which he released during the first coronavirus lockdown in 2020 as a tribute to victims of domestic violence. However, fans were left baffled when his emotional audition in front of Simon Cowell and his fellow judges was "axed" from the ITV show.  Coronation Street fans will remember Ian portrayed Yasmeen Nazir's (played by Shelley King) abusive husband. He starred in the soap from 2018 to 2020 when he fell to his death following a rooftop showdown with Yasmeen. Since leaving Weatherfield, the actor has kept under the radar until it was reported he would be auditioning for the 2022 series of Britain's Got Talent. According to the Sun, the actor told the judging panel he used to star in the ITV soap.  READ MORE: Queen shocks fans in brilliant Paddington skit  He said: "I am from Cheshire. I was in Coronation Street. I played nasty Geoff Metcalfe. "He was a nasty piece of work. I started in 2018 and I fell off a roof in the show last year. I am 67." The actor continued: "The song I am singing I wrote myself and was used in a campaign by Women's Aid to raise awareness about domestic abuse." He stressed how he was at the audition for the charity and victims of domestic abuse.   Ian revealed the song he had written came out of the first lockdown when cases of domestic abuse were skyrocketing. "Three women were dying every two weeks and I was so angry and I still am," he exclaimed. "The song just came out and I approached Women’s Aid and that is why I am standing here now as this programme has the most amazing reach." He sang in front of Simon, David Walliams, Amanda Holden and Alesha Dixon, with Simon allegedly praising Ian for the performance. DON'T MISS...Amanda Holden's go-to beauty products to keep her skin looking younger [LATEST]'Politics getting in the way' BGT viewers slam judges' semi-final vote [UPDATE]Simon Cowell defends Britain's Got Talent's Loren Allred in 'fix' row [MUST SEE]   It is understood his performance left many audience members in tears and he was given four yeses by the panel. However, the audition was cut from this year's series which is now in its final stage. Many Britain's Got Talent viewers were confused as to why Ian's performance did not make the final cut. @Suzyallthatglitters tweeted: "Dear @BGT, please could you release the audition of #corrie actor Ian Bartholomew singing his song as you didn't include it in the series! Many thanks." (sic)   Shirley Ferguson added: "What happened to Ian Bartholomew (nasty Geoff off Corrie)? I read ages ago he got through to the semis but haven't seen him on auditions." (sic) 