Joe-Warren has become best known for portraying the role of Jacob Gallagher on Emmerdale, the birth son of Leyla Harding (played by Roxy Shahidi) and David Metcalfe's (Matthew Wolfenden) step-son. Over the years, the young man has been central to some huge storylines on the ITV soap, including being groomed by Maya Stepney (Louisa Clein). Especially for this plot, the actor matured almost overnight and as the character makes plans to leave the village for university, it seems the soap star could already be a few years ahead of his alter-ego. At the moment, Jacob is actually 19-years-old on the show, meaning he is a year behind his peers who would have already gone to university. This is because he deferred for a year as he was supposed to be going travelling with Leanna Cavanagh (Mimi Slinger), who was killed just before they left by Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu). However, the actor who plays him Joe-Warren is a year ahead again as he is actually 20-years-old in real life, having been born April 12, 2002. He will be celebrating his 21st birthday next year, a mere 12 years after the soap star first joined the programme in 2006. When he made his first appearance, he was only eight years old at the time, meaning viewers have watched both the character and the actor grow up on-screen. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Adam Barlow to become Toyah's next victim Emmerdale was Joe-Warren's first breakthrough role in the industry as he had not appeared in anything else on-screen or in the theatre before this. His acting career had started four years previous to his first appearance on the show as he was enrolled at the Scream Theatre School in Blackpool when he was four years old. It seems his acting skills have won over fans of the weeknight serial drama as he has been nominated for three awards in the past. This has included the Best Young Actor gong in both 2021 and 2019, as well as being nominated for the Best Young Performance award in 2014. However, in 2021, he was given the opportunity to be himself for the first time in front of viewers as he featured as part of the line-up for Dancing on Ice. Unfortunately, he had to leave midway through the competition as he tested positive for Covid-19 and was not allowed to re-enter. Joe-Warren was a strong contender for the crown at the time, skating with his professional ice-skating partner Vanessa Bauer. The only time the actor appeared in a theatre show was when he took on the role of Harri Hart in the stage production of Broken Hearts. At the time, he was 10-years-old, therefore he was working both on-screen and on the stage at the same time. Despite his age, the soap star has still managed to show professionalism when it has come to featuring in some hard-hitting storylines. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Joe Tate star's transformation in new pics with girlfriend [PICTURES]Emmerdale’s Rosie Bentham pleads for co-star’s return 'A lot of drama' [COMMENT]'Traumatising' Emmerdale's Mark Charnock humiliated on the train [COMMENT] Speaking at the time of Leanna's exit from the show, the actor expressed the toll it takes when you are having to do emotional scenes back to back. Joe-Warren explained: "It can be tough at times. You kind of leave set after a day of full filming kind of drained, and a little upset because it really takes a toll. "Once you've finished and once you wrap for the day, you just take a minute to breathe and realise it's just work. "It's hard to explain but making sure you get home, relax, and listen to a bit of music. That’s my therapy really, so on the drive home from work I stick some tunes on. "That’s how I get out of that mind state," the actor told ITV's Lorraine but his age has caused some controversy in storylines before. When he was central to the Maya grooming plot, Joe-Warren was just 16-years-old at the time and he had to portray a sexual relationship with the villain. Speaking at the time, the actress who played Maya, Louisa, praised Joe-Warren for being so mature when filming the scenes. The actress said: "Joe has been on the show since he was eight. "He has a family on that show that love him and look after him he's incredibly mature and professional as an actor and we all look after him and he looks after us. "It's a job, that's what we do. It is awkward when it's somebody that's your own age as it is somebody who's young," she added. Louisa continued: "That was the story that was put for his character so they couldn't change that as such but he's always got chaperones around and we've tried to stay away from as much physical stuff on screen as possible. "We don't want to make it titillating or raunchy that's not what we're doing it's more about the manipulation," she told ITV's Loose Women. At the moment, it seems Jacob could be pulled into another hard-hitting storyline as his mother, Leyla, is currently suffering from a drug problem. With the mother of one getting mixed up with dodgy drug dealers, she could be putting her son in danger but will Jacob manage to make it through another traumatic ordeal? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.