Ronnie Wood's ex-wife Jo Wood has told of her heartbreak over the death of Rolling Stones drummer Charlie Watts. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the businesswoman, 67, told how she thinks people her age will "last forever", as she paid tribute to the talented musician and friend. Charlie died in August last year, leaving his Stones bandmates heartbroken. Speaking about the drummer, Jo said: "He had a good life. "You always think of people of your own generation, you always think we're gonna last forever. "And I've known Charlie for so many years," she added. READ MORE: Nick Knowles, 59, and girlfriend Katie Dadzie, 32, loved-up at Ascot She went on: "To me, he didn't get old, so it was sad. "But then you think, 'Hold on.'" Jo explained: "He was like in his 80s. "So you have to think people are gonna start dropping like flies now? "Especially my generation. "We all got to get out at some point and go on to the next place. "As my mother would say, none of us get out of here alive. I know. It's true," Jo continued. The star told how upon hearing that the Stones drummer was unwell, she sent him a get well soon card. DON'T MISS... Madonna, 63, showcases endless fishnet-clad legs while posing up storm [INSIGHT]Jane Seymour, 71, displays incredible figure in hot pink dress [ANALYSIS]Carol Vorderman, 61, puts on busty display in tight-fitting dress [UPDATE] Jo said: "I wrote him a gift card when I heard he was unwell, I hope he got to read it. "But you know, Charlie was 81, he was no spring chicken. "It's a great loss to lose Charlie. "But there again, he had a wonderful life. He was a great man," she added. Following the death of the drummer, Mick Jagger described Charlie as the "rock" the band was built around, before acknowledging his unique contribution to their music. Mick said: "The thing about Charlie was that he was always there, always played beautifully and was always willing to discuss what to do about it – how he could make it better. "He held the band together for so long, musically, because he was the rock the rest of it was built around." The star went on to admit to Rolling STone magazine that he is still struggling with the death of his friend, adding that he's finding the situation "very, very hard".