Sir Tom Jones, 82, has spoken up about performing on stage and compared the experience to having sex. The star became popular partially as a result of his “swivelling hips routine”, leading wild fans and throwing their knickers and bras at him.  The singer has recently revealed that he was just as much in the moment as they were.  He said being on stage was the highlight of his career and the “best part”.  The Welsh performer added it was the “closest thing to sex”.  He said: "Being on stage, that's the fun part. Performing. READ MORE: Patriotic Kate Moss, 48, wears Union Jack ensemble for Jubilee “All roads lead to the stage. Everything that I do helps to get the people in there so I can go on. "To be on the stage, giving it and receiving from the audience is a tremendous feeling." "There's nothing else like it - it's like the closest thing to sex. When you're going up the steps onto the stage, or just walking from the wings onto the stage, it's like the anticipation.” He talked about the entire experience in relation to making love, saying the comparison was uncanny.  "It's the build-up before you make love. Then the coming down afterwards, the relaxing part, after you do the show,” the singer declared.  He explained, in an interview with the Broken Record podcast that he has the same feeling of euphoria after a show as he does after making love.  Tom added: “If I go to dinner after I do the show, the food tastes better, the wine tastes better.  “Everything is better after that show." DONT MISS: Eamonn Holmes reacts to praise over 'chemistry' with GB News co-host (PHOTOS)Amanda Holden, 50, dares to go braless in dress on chilly London day (NEWS)David Beckham sends alluring message to wife Victoria while topless (LATEST) The performer has bedded hundreds of women throughout his 70-year music career, as he claimed in a 2012 Daily Telegraph article. The star celebrated his 82nd birthday this week and marked the occasion with a unique online performance. The Sex Bomb singer has treated fans to an exclusive YouTube showing of his gig at Shepherd's Bush Empire from last year. Sir Tom was in his early twenties when the singer first started to make his name in music by performing with Tommy Scott and the Senators in South Wales in the early Sixties. His 60-year musical career which followed was swiftly accompanied by massive commercial success. The crooner sold more than 100 million records worldwide, helping make him a multimillionaire. His net worth is estimated to be an incredible $250 million (£187.3m), according to TheRichest.com. The Sixties saw Sir Tom score his first UK Number One with It's Not Unusual in 1965. This was the same year Sir Tom recorded the song for James Bond film Thunderball.