Rebel Wilson, 42, has responded to fury from fans after they said a newspaper tried to “out” her before she revealed her new relationship with girlfriend, Ramona Agruma. Rebel announced that she was in a relationship with a woman on Thursday with an Instagram post to her 11 million followers. Alongside a snap of the couple, Rebel penned: “I thought I was searching for a Disney Prince… but maybe what I really needed all this time was a Disney Princess #loveislove.”Following her announcement, Australian newspaper, the Sydney Morning Herald, wrote in an article that they had known about Rebel’s relationship two days before she revealed it to the world.The story, which was published on Saturday, added that they contacted the actress’ representatives before she went public and told her she had two days to comment before they published.The comments sparked backlash from Rebel’s fans and LGBTQ+ campaigners on social media. READ MORE:Penny Lancaster stuns as she bids sweet farewell to Rod Stewart Journalist Kate Doak shared the article and wrote: “So apparently it wasn't @RebelWilson's choice to come out.“The [Sunday Morning Herald] have admitted to giving her a heads up two days in advance that they were going to ‘out’ her.  “What's worse, openly gay men at the Sydney Morning Herald were involved in this.”A few hours later, Rebel addressed Kate’s comment and said things had been “very hard”. The Bridesmaids star wrote: “Thanks for your comments, it was a very hard situation but trying to handle it with grace.”The paper’s editor, Bevan Shields, has since published another article in an attempt to clarify what happened.He wrote: “Our Private Sydney celebrity column asked Wilson if she wished to comment about her new partner.  “We would have asked the same questions had Wilson’s new partner been a man. DON'T MISSPatrick Swayze's beautiful final words to wife[INSIGHT]Johnny Depp's lawyer Camille speaks out on romance claims[LATEST]Carol McGiffin on not being intimate for seven years after sex drought[NEWS] “To say that the Herald ‘outed’ Wilson is wrong.“Like other mastheads do every day, we simply asked questions and as standard practice included a deadline for a response.”He added that no decision had been made about publishing details of Rebel’s relationship and concluded that “Wilson made the decision to publicly disclose her new partner”. Rebel's new partner, Ramona, is a fashion and jewellery designer. She founded a sustainable fashion company called Lemon Ve Limon in 2021. Ramona also started the luxury jewelry company DeLys in 2013, and is the brand ambassador for luxury Turkish jewelry company Bee Goddess. Both jewelry brands have been seen on celebrities like Hailee Steinfeld, Gwen Stefani, and Madonna.