Bayern Munich mdifielder Marc Roca is on course to become Leeds United's third signing of the season after snubbing offers from elsewhere. That is according to Spanish outlet Marca, who claim the former Espanyol playmaker has turned down the chance to return to Spain in favour of a switch to Elland Road for around £10 million. Leeds are reportedly keen to add to their midfield options having struggled with injuries throughout the whole of last season. Jesse Marsch's side managed to avoid relegation with a dramatic final-day win at Brentford, following Marcelo Bielsa's departure in February. Tyler Adams, Florian Grillitsch, and Lewis O'Brien are among the other reported midfield targets linked with a summer switch to the Whites. The reports come as Kalvin Phillips' future continues to be the focus of speculation, with the England international currently on Nations League duty. Roca struggled for game-time with Bayern last season, making just nine Bundesliga appearances. However, the 25-year-old is said to be at the top of Leeds' shortlist, having previously impressed at Espanyol. JUST IN: Four players Leeds United could make third summer signing as Victor Orta gets busy  Roca began his professional career with the Catalan club, making more than 100 appearances before sealing a move to Munich in October 2020. However, the former Spanish youth international has found opportunities to impress with the German giants hard to come by. The midfielder has only featured 24 times for Bayern, and still has three years to run on his contract. However, the Bundesliga champions are reportedly open to a sale for Roca this summer. READ MORE Raphinha makes Liverpool transfer decision after Jurgen Klopp tabled swap dealLiverpool 'negotiating' for Kalvin Phillips after walking away from £42.8m Gavi transferLiverpool hold Raphinha advantage over Barcelona for two key reasons  Marca claim Marsch has made an 'express request' to the club's hierarchy in order to secure a deal. Leeds have already moved quickly this window, confirming moves for Brenden Aaronson and Rasmus Kristensen. Roca is a left-footed holding midfielder, and his style of play has drawn somewhat inevitable comparisons to Spanish greats such as Xabi Alonso and Sergio Busquets. Though he has struggled for minutes, he has been the subject of praise from manager Julian Nagelsmann. The Bayern boss previously told the Bundesliga's website: "He's a guy who always gives his all in training, who also shows you sometimes that he's got that fire in his belly. He's a strong character and not a little mouse that hides away. He also speaks his mind and makes it known that he has the ambition to play even more." Leeds are prepared to offer Roca a three or four-year deal according to the report. It could be a busy window at Elland Road, with a striker also on the shortlist while replacements will be needed if Phillips or Raphinha leave this summer.