Death in Paradise celebrated its 10-year anniversary in 2020, seeing some familiar faces including Ben Stiller's DI Richard Poole and Sara Martin's Camille Bordey return to the sandy shores. The long-running BBC series was last seen earlier this year and already, fans are eager to know when it will be making a comeback. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about when Death in Paradise is making a comeback. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Death in Paradise. There is no need to worry about the future of Death in Paradise just yet as it has already been confirmed more episodes are on the way. Back in 2020, the BBC revealed that the comedy-drama had been renewed for not one, but two series, seemingly announcing there would be a 12th series. DI Neville Parker (Ralf Little) and the rest of the team's latest investigation was shown in February 2022. While new series typically start at the beginning of every year, Death in Paradise fans will be treated to a new episode a little sooner. READ MORE: Gary Lineker's 'racist abuse' claims blasted by Martin Daubney For the first time in the show's history, Death in Paradise had its own Christmas special which aired on Boxing Day 2021. After rave reviews, a Christmas special will once again be shown on BBC One in six months' time. Executive Producer Tim Key said: “We were overwhelmed with the fantastic response to our first Christmas special and delighted that we’ve been asked to take the viewers back to Saint Marie this Christmas. "We can promise something very different this year, but still with all the Death in Paradise fun, sparkle and intrigue that the viewers will expect.” So far, there has been no talk on exactly when season 12 is going to make its debut on BBC One. Going by previous series, it is more than likely to premiere sometime in January 2023. But the fallout from the season 11 finale is expected to play out in the Christmas episode. If this is the case, then there could be a long-lost family reunion on the way. DON'T MISS...'I'm not talking twaddle' Richard Madeley hits back at RMT boss [REACTION]‘He's a good guy!’ Gyles Brandreth defends Prince William after attack [ROYAL]Death In Paradise star Ralf Little, discovers football hero ancestor [CAST] Commissioner Selwyn Patterson (Don Warrington) was faced with his former lover journalist Maggie Harper (Orla Brady) who returned to Saint Marie after many years away. She had suddenly left the island and went on to marry a man called Stephen who died last year and so Maggie returned to see how the Commissioner felt about her. The spark was clearly still there for both of them as they slept together but he demanded to know why she had left him all those years ago. However, the Commissioner was far from prepared to hear the reason for her departure. Maggie confessed that her daughter Andrina was not Stephen's but the Commissioner's. He was in shock to realise that he had a grown-up daughter he didn't have a clue about. With the Christmas special on the way, fans are expecting to meet this mysterious Andrina but how will she react to knowing who her real dad is? Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.