Manchester United have opened formal talks with Barcelona over the transfer of Netherlands midfielder Frenkie de Jong. And early indications suggest the Red Devils could seal a cheaper deal than initially expected for Erik ten Hag's first signing as manager. Barcelona's financial troubles have seemingly forced them to offload one of their most valuable assets to fund signings of their own this summer. And United have taken full advantage by making De Jong their number-one priority in the maiden transfer window of Ten Hag's rebuild. Despite their obligation to sell, the La Liga giants have been playing hardball and had reportedly quoted United £85.4million (€100m) for his services. That valuation wasn't unsurprising, given they paid £65million to sign him from Ajax in 2019, and he is still only 25. However, on Friday, The Times reported that Barcelona would, in fact, be willing to accept an offer in the region of the same fee they paid for his signature three years ago. United could make an official proposal matching their demands as early as this weekend. JUST IN: Newcastle ace with £58m release clause going nowhere The summer transfer window is now officially open for Premier League clubs. Ahead of pre-season, United will want to seal a deal for De Jong before switching their attention towards other targets, including another central midfielder, a centre-back and a striker. Ten Hag looks set to miss out on his first-choice attacking option, though, as Darwin Nunez closes in on an £85.4m (100m) switch to Liverpool. Jurgen Klopp has landed on the Benfica frontman to replace Sadio Mane, and United don't intend to enter a bidding war. READ MORE: Tottenham 'agree £20m deal' to sign Djed Spence Although Ten Hag has prioritised strengthening his midfield this summer, the picture regarding other targets outside of De Jong is unclear. While the Dutchman can operate as a defensive midfielder, United fans will still crave a natural holding player to prevent experiencing similar issues Paul Pogba suffered from during his second stint at Old Trafford. But West Ham United have priced suitors out of a move for Declan Rice this summer with a £150m valuation. Jude Bellingham is also high on United's wishlist, but Borussia Dortmund are unlikely to sanction his sale after losing Erling Haaland to Manchester City. Meanwhile, Kalvin Phillips' hardcore Leeds roots have thwarted efforts to lure him to the club; Man City are thought to be in pole position. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here