Frank Lampard has reportedly identified Tottenham’s Harry Winks and Chelsea duo Conor Gallagher and Billy Gilmour as midfield transfer targets for Everton this summer. Everton finished 16th in the Premier League this season and are desperate to strengthen during the transfer window – but they will have to do so on a tight budget.    Lampard is close to landing James Tarkowski on a free transfer once his Burnley contract expires at the end of the month. Tarkowski had interested Aston Villa and other Premier League sides, but Everton have moved decisively to sign the centre-back, and they are now focusing on midfield additions. The Toffees took Manchester United’s Donny van de Beek on loan in January, as well as signing Dele Alli from Tottenham on a free transfer with performance-related add-ons, and it looks like they will have to be similarly inventive in the summer window. The Telegraph reports that Lampard wants ‘at least’ four new signings, with midfield a current priority. Winks has been told he can leave Spurs once the window opens on July 1, having fallen down the pecking order under Antonio Conte. Rodrigo Bentancur has formed a solid partnership with Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg since arriving from Juventus in January, leaving Winks unwanted by Conte. JUST IN: Arsenal and Man Utd target Tielemans opens door for Leicester exit  The 26-year-old midfielder made 28 appearances across all competitions, but was limited to substitute appearances from March onwards. He has two years remaining on his Spurs contract and is reportedly valued at £20million. That is a fee Everton are unwilling to pay, so Winks would arrive on an initial loan deal, if he were to move to Merseyside. Meanwhile, Lampard is also keeping an eye on his former club Chelsea for potential loanees. Gallagher impressed with eight goals and three assists in 34 Premier League games for Crystal Palace last season and has now returned to his parent club.  DON'T MISS Liverpool's Plan B options as Tchouameni to join Real Madrid for £85m Man Utd could be about to make transfer mistake with Frenkie de Jong Nunez agent's comments as Man Utd chase Cavani replacement Everton will have to bide their time when it comes to the 22-year-old, who will begin pre-season with Chelsea and could be included in Thomas Tuchel’s plans for the 2022/23 season if he catches the German’s eye. Football.london reported recently that Gallagher is keen to stay at Chelsea and work his way into the first-team, and Tuchel has assured the midfielder that he will be given the opportunity to do so. Speaking to BBC's Football Daily, Gallagher himself says he in unsure what next season holds for him. “I don't know to be honest with you, the loans have been brilliant, and every team has been a brilliant experience,” he said. “To me, all the new players, the staff and managers have helped me progress and develop as a player - I've loved it. But like I said, I'm not sure." Gilmour is likely to be a more realistic target for Everton. The Scottish midfielder was given his breakthrough at Chelsea by Lampard and could be sent out on loan once again after spending the season with Norwich City, where he made 24 Premier League appearances. 