The Portuguese painter, who lived in London for most of her adult life, held a retrospective at Tate Britain last year featuring 100 pieces spanning five decades. Described as an "uncompromising artist of extraordinary imaginative power, (who) redefined figurative art and revolutionised the way in which women are represented", her works sold to the likes of Madonna and Charles Saatchi for tens of thousands of pounds. Rego was inspired by childhood fairy tales, melding magical realism with rebellion, and wonder with horror, referencing abortion, sex trafficking, female-genital mutilation and honour killings. She said she painted "to give terror a face". Notable works included the pastel-drawn Dog Woman series depicting women in seated and squatted form as though they were canines, which she said were about "the love I had for my husband". Rego was born into a wealthy family in Lisbon, three years after fascist dictator António de Oliveira Salazar seized power. Her father was an engineer, and her mother was an artist. Although Rego began drawing prodigiously at the age of four, her mother never encouraged her in her career. She was often left in the care of an ageing grandmother and great aunt, who regaled her with fairy tales that would later influence her. Much of Rego's early work denounced the dictatorship of her childhood in Portugal - and she was she just 15 when she painted Interrogation about fascism. Later in London, she studied at the Slade School of Fine Art where she had an affair with student Victor Willing. She had several abortions because Willing threatened to return to his wife if she got pregnant. They eventually married and had three children, but Willing had many affairs, which Rego featured in her work. In 1965 she joined the London Group, a radical organisation of British painters including David Hockney, but it was in the 1980s that her reputation blossomed, and in 1990 she became the first artist-in-residence at the National Gallery. In 1998, when a referendum to legalise abortion in Portugal failed, Rego painted the Abortion Series, highlighting the dangers of criminalising the procedure.She was made a Dame in 2010. She died after a short illness and is survived by her children.