Kicking off on Sky Max on Thursday, June 16 at 9pm and airing weekly, The Lazarus Project will also be available as a boxset on streaming platform NOW on the same day for those who like to binge their TV. So audiences can either watch in one go or have a linear weekly screening of the new series. Express.co.uk takes a look at the star-studded cast of the new drama. The Lazarus Project is about a secret organisation with the power and knowledge to turn back time to avert global catastrophe. Each time there is a critical crisis which could throw the world into jeopardy, members of the project - who are the only ones to remember when the past is re-written - spring into action and alter the course of history. However, when it comes to thwarting personal tragedy, members can’t turn back the clock, causing tensions within. Additionally, the project faces its biggest threat yet when a criminal mastermind plans to use a nuclear warhead to destroy the planet. READ MORE: I May Destroy You cast: Who is Paapa Essiedu? Taking the lead as George, who starts to notice he’s reliving the same day over and over à la Groundhog Day, is Paapa Essiedu. George will be enlisted into The Lazarus Project to help save the world from its greatest threat yet. Essiedu has become a familiar face to audiences from his impressive turns, appearing in Michaela Coel’s critically-acclaimed I May Destroy You, Gangs of London and Press. He has also given some extraordinary performances in Channel 4’s Kiri, Black Earth Rising, The Miniaturist, and Anne Boleyn, among other credits. National treasure Caroline Quentin takes on the role of Wes, the no-nonsense boss of The Lazarus Project who must keep the organisation’s members in check. Quentin’s career spans 30 years and she has starred in an array of roles over the years from Men Behaving Badly to Jonathan Creek to Dickensian. More recently, Quentin has featured in The Other One, Bridgerton, Doc Martin, and Midsomer Murders. According to IMDb, she will next be appearing in Christmas in the Caribbean which is in post-production and Banking on Mr Toad which is in pre-production. Tom Burke portrays the villainous Rebrov, an international criminal with a hellbent desire to end the world with a nuclear weapon and a deep-seated hatred of the Lazarus Project. Away from the Sky Max series, Burke is best known as the complex detective Cormoran Strike in the BBC series Strike. He has also starred in War & Peace, The Crown, The Musketeers, Only God Forgives, and Mank. Taking on the role of Archie, who introduces George to the Lazarus Project, is Anjli Mohindra. Mohindra is no stranger to time travel shenanigans having starred in The Sarah Jane Adventures and Doctor Who previously. Her more recent projects include Vigil, Wild Bill, Bodyguard, Channel 4’s upcoming series The Suspect and The Peripheral. DON'T MISS...Bargain Hunt’s Caroline shares £2 item which sold for thousands [INSIGHT]Neighbours exit: Why is Ben Turland leaving as Hendrix Greyson? [EXPLAINER]Emmerdale theory: Jamie Hope returns as he takes revenge on Samson [ANALYSIS] Rudi Dharmalingam takes on fellow Lazarus Project member Shiv, who has been part of the group since he was a teenager and has a strong moral compass. Dharmalingam biggest roles have been in Strike Back, Wakefield, The Split, and Dark Money with the actor filming a new adaptation of Great Expectations at the moment. Vinette Robinson plays Janet, who was previously an integral member of the team until tragedy struck and led to her departure. Robinson has starred in Sherlock, The A Word, Close to the Enemy, Year Million, Doctor Who, and A Christmas Carol. Charly Clive is George’s girlfriend who is unaware of his involvement of the Lazarus Project with timing simply looping over and over without her noticing. Clive has featured in Pure, All My Friends Hate Me, and Britney with The Lazarus Project marking one of her biggest roles to date. Other cast members include Lorn Macdonald, Tax Skylar, Brian Gleeson, Elaine Tan, and Salóme Gunnarsdóttir. The Lazarus Project airs on Sky Max on Thursday, June 16 at 9pm and is available as a boxset on NOW