Manchester United have been dealt another blow in their already-bleak summer pursuit of Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong. Erik ten Hag wants to reunite with the former Ajax star at Old Trafford ahead of his first season in the dugout but any potential deal must conquer plenty of hurdles. Barcelona face the prospect of relying on player sales to raise funds to back Xavi Hernandez's continued rebuild at Camp Nou this summer. The Catalan giants' debt currently outweighs the value of their assets, leaving them desperate for a financial boost by any means necessary. And United are expected to take advantage of Barcelona's financial woes by targeting a big-money deal for De Jong. However, the La Liga giants are playing hardball for around £75million, while United, on a limited budget after missing out on Champions League football, search for a £60m compromise. The Red Devils are currently stifled by further obstacles, though, most notably the fact De Jong would ultimately be forced out of Barcelona against his will. And Cadena SER report that if he has no choice but to leave, he would rather snub Ten Hag and join a 'top club' like Bayern Munich, Manchester City or Paris Saint-Germain. JUST IN: Harry Kane delivers verdict on Arsenal target as Arteta 'prepares bid' United's absence from the Champions League not only harms their transfer budget but also hampers the club's pull factor on Europe's best players. Club figures will hope that the chance to reunite with Ten Hag and be a central player in the Old Trafford rebuild is enticing enough for De Jong. But it seems the 25-year-old still requires persuasion to accept another season of Europa League football and join a club that recorded their worst-ever Premier League campaign. A concrete approach from Bayern, PSG, Man City or any other outfit in Europe's elite competition could all but end United's dreams altogether. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag has 'no intention' to follow Rangnick advice Ten Hag has identified his midfield and attack as priority areas to address this summer. De Jong is his primary target, while he strongly admires Benfica's Darwin Nunez as United search for a young striker to replace Edinson Cavani and provide Cristiano Ronaldo with competition. The Dutchman also wants defensive reinforcements, particularly at centre-back. United have been heavily linked with Jurrien Timber, who thrived under Ten Hag at Ajax last season, and Villarreal's Pau Torres. He'll be backed in his first summer transfer window at Old Trafford, but missing out on De Jong would be a sour start to his reign. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.