Red Bull chief Christian Horner says people in F1 have short memories if they have ruled out the possibility of Mercedes triumphing at the British Grand Prix this weekend. Silver Arrows drivers Lewis Hamilton and George Russell have struggled with porpoising issues this year and have failed to keep pace with the drivers at the top of the F1 standings. “They’ve only not been winning for about eight or nine races or 10 races so it’s amazing how short memories are in this business,” Horner told Sky Sports on Tuesday. “Silverstone is one of the big ones, it’s one of the ones that means the most so of course it will be very emotional to see if we can win that race.” F1 teams were forced to redesign their cars over the winter in the wake of a whole host of F1 regulation changes. And Mercedes have been unable to find a winning formula as they have endured a miserable season on the track. Hamilton and Russell have only secured five podium finishes between them this season, with neither being able to cross the chequered flag in first place yet. Instead, Red Bull and Ferrari have been the two teams competing for dominance this year, with the energy drink giants currently holding the advantage. READ MORE: F1 news LIVE: Lewis Hamilton 'racially abused', Horner and Wolff row, British GP latest  Max Verstappen, who has won six races this year, is currently 46 points clear of his Red Bull team-mate Sergio Perez at the top of the Drivers’ Championship, while the Austrian team are also 76 points clear of the Scuderia at the top of the team standings. But Horner admits he isn’t taking anything for granted. “He's [Verstappen] obviously arriving back at Silverstone as the reigning world champion,” the 48-year-old continued. “He’s leading the Drivers’ Championship, we’ve got a good lead in the Constructors’ Championship. But we know these things can turn around pretty quickly. We saw that last year arriving at Silverstone in the lead of both championships then. So our focus is on trying to get the best out of the weekend, the best out of the car and see how we fare against our opponents. DON'T MISS Lewis Hamilton reacts after Nelson Piquet's racial slur on Mercedes star Mercedes chief will 'cry' if Hamilton wins British GP as he prays for Verstappen 'stumble' Mercedes release statement after Nelson Piquet's racist comment on Lewis Hamilton      “We’ve had a hell of a run - we’ve won six on the bounce. Silverstone is a different challenge - it’s a fast circuit, it’s flowing corners and we’ve seen Ferrari particularly at tracks like Barcelona be very strong. “We’re hearing of a big upgrade from Mercedes as well. It’s always great to race at Silverstone, to race in front of our local crowd being based just up the road. It’s a fantastic race, it’s a fantastic atmosphere and we’re really looking forward to being there.”  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here