The 100 square foot space in an underground car park in the upmarket area of Belgravia only offers room for a single car and will set the buyer back more than £100,000 for the privilege. There’s an additional £600 service charge. At that money a buyer could snap up a three bedroom house in Wales with a garage and a garden. The parking spot on Ebury Street is located in the a prestigious part of West London, where properties can reach to £5.5million. The space costs a staggering £1,100 per square foot and is situated beneath a plush apartment block with a 24-hour concierge service. However on top of the £110,000 asking price is a service fee that will set the owner back £600. READ MORE: Drivers warned of using 'not good' hypermiling techniques to save fuel Advertised on Rightmove, the accompanying description reads: "This secure underground parking space is ideally located in a portered development in an excellent location moments from Sloane Square and Pimlico. “Ebury Street is ideally located for the many amenities, sights, shops, restaurants and bars of Belgravia, Knightsbridge and Victoria with the River Thames close to hand.” The agents managing the buying of the space suggest a ‘viewing’ is essential. Meanwhile, a partially blocked parking space in the heart of London is up for sale for a whopping £60,000. The listing has been advertised on Rightmove and is available to buy now. DON'T MISS Drivers could be hit with a £27.50 fee to drive in London [REVEAL] Private parking firms to increase fines to £120 [SHOCKING] Partially blocked parking space in London up for sale for £60,000 [INSIGHT] The spot has a massive concrete bollard taking up half of the available space meaning that drivers will very likely struggle to park anything other than a motorcycle or a very small car. It is also believed that motorists planning on buying the spot will face a bidding war. The listing was submitted onto Rightmove by estate agents Gordon Lindsay Associates. However, it isn’t proving easy to sell, the listing history shows that the asking price for the parking space was already reduced on May 30. The Rightmove listing reads: "A leasehold parking space in Kingston House South, Ennismore Gardens. Lease 150 years from 25 March 1990." It adds that there is a service charge for the year 2021 / 2022 which will come to £218.74. The parking space is located less than a mile away from South Kensington, Knightsbridge and Gloucester Road stations, and is described as having great transport links. Other areas of the UK aren’t immune however as a parking spot in Cornwall was also put on the market for a sky-high £80,000. The parking spot with a garage is in the middle of the picturesque Cornish fishing village Port Isaac. It seems to have attracted a premium due to the lack of off-street parking available. Advertised with John Bray Estates, the garage comes without water or power but does have an added "spacious" store which measures 5m by 3m. According to the estate agent, the listing has already had some viewings from those looking to invest in the village, which is used as a location for shows like Doc Martin.