Missed the spring cleaning window? It’s never too late to declutter your cupboards and shelves and give them a little clean in the process. During today’s episode of Lorraine, decluttering expert Dilly Carter shared her method of tidying up kitchen cupboards in minutes. Dilly said: “I’m a professional organiser and I’m going to teach you how to declutter your home in minutes. “I’m going to share with you my four-stage approach to decluttering; we clear it, we clean it, we re-group it, we re-organise, and this process can work for any area in the home. “The most important thing about organisation is it helps us be in control of our space. “And this can apply all over your house. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ way to ‘improve sagging skin and cellulite’ - no surgery “When we’ve got things organised, we know what we have, [so] we don’t overspend. “A really good way to declutter is by starting small, manageable tasks, it’s going to make you feel so much better. “The most important thing you need to do, when we’re looking at any shelves or cupboards that are chaotic, and have just a mixture of items in them, is to give them a purpose,” she explained. DON'T MISS...Reduce cellulite in 3 weeks with Nivea’s £12 gel - ‘It actually works! [BEAUTY]Jane McDonald’s top tip to not get lost on a cruise ship [VIDEO]Carrie Johnson steps out in hot-pink suit in Rwanda [PICTURES] Dilly said: “The first thing we’re going to do is completely empty our cupboards so that we can see everything we’ve got, laid out in front of us.” Move the contents of a cupboard or shelf onto a large surface - kitchen table or counter - so you can see everything in front of you. “Now you’ve emptied it out, now is the perfect time to give the space a clean,” Dilly recommended. She used antibacterial spray and a damp cloth to wipe the area. If it’s dusty, consider giving the space a little hoover. “When everything is out, it’s easier to group,” Dilly added. “What you want to do is look at the things that are similar - so maybe all the alcohol goes together, our soft drinks go together, chocolate bars and crisps.” At this stage, you can also write labels for each group of items. Step four: Organise Dilly continued: “Now we’ve cleared the space, cleaned it and regrouped it, we’re now going to reorganise it. “I’ve given each shelf a purpose, so all my drinks are at the top, snacks and then breakfast on the bottom two. “I also like to use containers, they neaten the aesthetic, and you don’t overfill shelves or cupboards.” Once the shelves are organised, add your labels. Dilly continued: “Now we’ve cleared the space, cleaned it and regrouped it, we’re now going to reorganise it. “I’ve given each shelf a purpose, so all my drinks are at the top, snacks and then breakfast on the bottom two. “I also like to use containers, they neaten the aesthetic, and you don’t overfill shelves or cupboards.” Once the shelves are organised, add your labels.