Ben Mitchell (played by Max Bowden) bravely opened up to Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth) about being raped by Lewis Butler (Aiden O’Callaghan) in this week’s EastEnders. The mechanic has been blamed for the breakdown of his marriage by Callum Highway (Tony Clay) and Jay Brown (Jamie Borthwick) but neither knows the truth about evil Lewis. After vowing to get revenge on his attacker, will Ben be forced to go on the run to avoid prison? In upcoming scenes, Kathy fusses over Ben as he continues to come to terms with the attack. After making up his mind about reporting Lewis, Kathy realises her son is having second thoughts. In the square, Ben watches on uncomfortably as he sees Lewis and Callum together. The pair appear to be having a close conversation and Ben becomes visibly tense. Jay loses his patience with Ben and yet again hits out at him for betraying his husband. Read more: EastEnders theory: Heartbreak for Stacey Slater as Kheerat marries The mechanic has enough of being blamed for what happened with Lewis and tells Jay the truth. Ben and Jay talk the incident through as the car dealer tries his best to be there for his friend. However, Jay inadvertently makes Ben doubt whether he’ll be believed if he reports the assault. Kathy takes Ben to the police station but he changes his mind before they get there. He explains he’s worried the officers won’t believe him and he can’t bear to relive the traumatic incident. Unsure about what to do next, EastEnders fans will be concerned when Ben sends a message asking Lewis to meet him. Will Ben confront his rapist about his attack or will he question him on his closeness with Callum? Despite Lewis’ previous warning, Kathy fires him from his job at The Albert. She makes it clear she won’t be bullied after what he did to her son. DON'T MISSEastEnders fans ‘work out’ Janine Butcher’s downfall [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Bobby Beale heartbroken as Dana pregnant with Peter [SPOILER]EastEnders theory: Sam Mitchell's new interest exposed [THEORY] Meanwhile, the Mitchell son waits for Lewis at The Arches but he doesn’t show up. An enraged Ben storms over to The Albert with a crowbar in hand. Kathy explains she’s sacked Lewis but all Ben is focused on is getting revenge. He demands she tell him where his attacker lives but the bar owner refuses. Ben struggles to think straight and accuses his mum of protecting Lewis. Luckily, Jay spots the commotion and rushes over to calm Ben down. EastEnders fans will know Ben has a history of violence and recently attacked several strangers who he had witnessed subjecting others to homophobic abuse. Will Ben track down and brutally attack Lewis for raping him and destroying his marriage? Despite the extenuating circumstances, Kathy would realise her son would go to prison for a long time if the police discovered he was behind an attack on Lewis. Will she and Jay help Ben escape Walford to avoid imprisonment? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.