Cheers dad or granddad this year by giving a beer gift to celebrate Father's Day, which is taking place on Sunday June 19, 2022. Beer is always a great gift for dads and whether he likes a pale ale or a hoppy IPA, there are plenty of special Father's Day gifts available this year. Make the day extra special by giving beer with Father's Day hampers and find gift boxes with special glasses, tinnies and custom memorabilia. Including craft beer Father's Day gifts, classic favourites and even non-alcoholic alternatives with prices under £20, here are the best beer gifts to give for Father's Day. One of the top selling beer gifts, you can't go wrong with gifting this gift pack from BrewDog which has the breweries most popular drinks including the Punk IPA, Hazy Jane and more. With the signature glass included, buy dad's beer and make his day. Buy on Amazon (22.95) Add his name onto this trio of beers to gift a personalised touch this year. Containing a bitter, IPA and golden ale, he'll enjoy the beers, smile and be able to keep them on display long after he's finished drinking it. Buy on Moonpig (£14) The ultimate Father's Day gift, this gift set from Beerhawk contains five cans of British beers including Vocation Hop Skip Juice, Brew York Golden Eagle, Camden Hells Lager, Tiny Rebels Electric Boogaloo and Brewdog Planet Pale. Complete with a snack and tasting glass, it's ideal for trying out British craft beer breweries and a steal at £20. Buy on Beerhawk (£20) For the dad that loves craft beer, treat him to this Beerhawk kit that has five bottles of award-winning craft beers. He can try American IPA brands, famous British breweries like Camden Town Breweries and it also comes with a special Aviero beer glass and beer bottle opener. Buy on Moonpig (£28) The perfect present for the Star Wars fans, this original Stromtroopers Father's Day Thirst Aid Kit has five cans from its main range and will be a memorable gift thanks to its unique packaging. Complete with a Stormtrooper-themed tasting glass and tasty snacks, it's the perfect sci-fi beer box. Buy on Moonpig (£25) If your dad loves drinking BrewDog beer, give him something different and gift him BrewDog & Friends, which is a monthly subscription service that delivers the finest beers from the brewery. Every month, receive eight special beers with four different styles like the fresh-off-the-line Cold IPA from BrewDog and discover new bottles each month. Buy on BrewDog (£19.95 per month) The ultimate gift for the lager loving dad, the Lagers of the World gift box has 12 premium bottled beers from Germany, UK, Italy, Belgium and more. One of Amazon's bestselling beer gifts, it'll make dad a very happy man. Buy on Amazon (£30.39) Somerset is known for its delicious ales and ciders, so give dad some of the west country's finest with the Glastonbury Micro Brewery gift set which has four beers. With two pale ales and two smooth bitters, it's a great little gift with a unique spin. Buy on Moonpig (£16) Dad can grow his own hops from home with this kit that has everything you need to brew your own beer. It's a fun present and also a great way to spend some quality time with your father. Buy on IWOOT (£6.49) One of the most popular beer launches of the year, gift dad Guinness' new Cold Brew Coffee Beer which combines the classic Irish stout with strong coffee flavours. Get a pack of four and toast the special day with your dad. Buy on Tesco (£6) On sale for more than 60 percent off, this hamper is also great to enjoy for Father's Day celebrations as it contains eight beers and a bunch of snacks from Beer52. It also comes with a Beer52 drinking glass, magazine, The Story of Craft Beer Book and a snack, so it's a perfect pick for craft beer connoisseurs. Buy on Wowcher (£13.99 up) For dads that don't drink alcohol but still enjoy the taste of beer, treat with the new Stella Artois Unfiltered Lager. It's unfiltered so it tastes like the original Belgian beer and is sweet and malty for summer. Buy on Tesco (£11 for 12 bottles)