David Beckham, 47, was surprised with an adorable selection of Father’s Day gifts despite being away from home for the big day due to work commitments. Despite the sweet gesture, it wasn’t long before David’s wife Victoria Beckham, 48, issued him with a cheeky warning about one of the presents. The former Manchester United footballer was greeted with a croissant soft toy, blue balloons marked with “we love you Daddy”, and a bar of chocolate in his hotel room from his four children, Brooklyn, 23, Romeo, 19, Cruz, 17 and Harper, 10.  Showing off his presents, David told his 74 million Instagram followers in a video: So, Daddy’s away, but Daddy woke up to a lovely croissant Jellycat, and ‘we love you Daddy’, and Cadbury’s smooth milk chocolate with ‘Daddy’ on it.  “That’s nice,” the sportsman gushed.  Elaborating on why he couldn’t be with his and wife Victoria Beckham’s beloved children to celebrate the occasion together, David added in the caption: “Sometimes work can take you away on special occasions but thank you mummy and kiddies for making this day special for me. READ MORE... Adele and Harry Styles 'snubbed Queen's jubilee concert invite'  “Love u all @victoriabeckham @brooklynpeltzbeckham @romeobeckham @cruzbeckham #HarperSeven.”    David panned his camera around the table in his room to show a big bunch of hydrangeas, which were surrounded by framed photos of him and his loved ones, to make the star feel more at home.    However, Victoria couldn’t resist teasing her other half in the comments section of his heartfelt Instagram post.    The fashion designer and former Spice Girl jokingly warned her husband in reference to the croissant stuffed toy: “Don’t eat that croissant!!! x we love u so much!!!?”  David appeared to be staying in the Marina Bay Sands hotel in Singapore, while Victoria celebrated Father’s Day with her dad in the UK. The footballer had posted a picturesque snap of the Singapore skyline, while location tagging the luxurious resort. He wrote alongside the nighttime photo: “Amazing views.” During the day, David then ventured over to Bread Street Kitchen & Bar in the Southeast Asian country, before posing with a cardboard cutout of his friend Gordon Ramsay, who owns the eatery. DON'T MISS:Catherine Zeta-Jones risked dress malfunction with Michael Douglas [PICS]Shirley Ballas bids 'difficult farewell' as she issues health update [HEALTH UPDATE]George Michael ended Martin and Shirlie Kemp's US move amid argument [COMMENT] Prior to David’s post, Victoria took to her Instagram page to praise her own dad Tony and her husband David for being great dads.  Alongside snaps of Victoria and Tony sharing some drinks together, she wrote: 'Happy Father’s Day to my favourite drinking partner!  “We all love you so much.”  Victoria then posted a selection of photos of David posing with their four children at eldest son Brooklyn's wedding to Nicola Pelz in April of this year. The fashionista wrote beside the pictures: “Happy Father’s Day to the best, most loving Daddy in the world!!  “We all love you so much @davidbeckham, you are our everything.”  Victoria also posted a cute clip on her Instagram Stories of David cuddling up to Harper’s pet rabbit Coco.  She captioned the video: “The best daddy to the whole family, even Coco!”