Frank Warren has teased that Tyson Fury will drop a 'huge' bombshell in an interview set to be published online on Tuesday evening. Many are speculated whether it's related to Fury's future in boxing after he seemingly retired in April. Fury knocked out Dillian Whyte in the sixth round in front of 94,000 spectators at Wembley Stadium. He retained his WBC title and extended his unbeaten record to 33 professional fights but later suggested he would be retiring in the aftermath. However, Warren has told fans to keep an eye out for a 'HUGE' interview with Fury released onto the Queensberry YouTube channel at 7pm on Tuesday. And he went on to talkSPORT to promote the interview further, claiming 'everybody will be happy' with what The Gypsy King has to say. He said: "Look at [the] Queensberry YouTube [channel] tonight. I had lunch with him last Friday; we had a very nice lunch with his wife, Paris. And we did something on [the] Queensberry YouTube [channel], which will tell everybody what is happening. I think everybody's going to be happy." JUST IN: Eddie Hearn includes Dillian Whyte in best heavyweight fight ever  Just days after his supposed final fight, and triumph, against Whyte, Fury explained he was 'done' with boxing because he 'doesn't have anything more to give'. "This is the truth, the gospel truth, nothing but the truth, I'm done," Fury said on Piers Morgan Uncensored. "You know every good dog has his day, and as the Roman leader said, there will always be someone else to fight. The fans will always want more. They are always baying for more blood. But at the end of the day, I don't have anything more to give. I've given everything I've got. READ MORE: Fury's coach open to training Justin Bieber as he offers sparring  "I've been a professional for 14 years. I've been boxing for over 20 years. My time is to go out on a high. I always said that I wanted to walk away on top of the sport and do it on my terms." He added: "I just wanted to walk out on top, go out with a bang. Nearly 100,000 at Wembley, with a knockout performance." Fury also stressed that 'no amount of material assets or money' would tempt him to 'come back out of retirement' because he's 'very happy' with how he walked away from boxing. But Warren's latest comments have reignited the rumour mill, and many speculate a comeback is on the cards.