Finding a Father's Day gift can be tricky, but you can't go wrong with giving him his favourite grub. With the big day happening on Sunday June 19, 2022, show dad your appreciation by buying him a beautiful hamper. A food hamper is a great gift idea because it also means that you can celebrate the day with a brunch or dinner and share the snacks. If he fancies beer, then check out this guide to the best beer gifts. Plus, order soon to make sure that your hamper arrives in time for the big day. This year, there are plenty of delicious options that are £100 or less and here are the best Father's Day hampers to give in 2022. What dad doesn't love a barbecue? Have a big Father's Day celebration with this BBQ kit that includes everything you need for the perfect cookout at bargain prices. Feeding six to eight people, get BBQ vegetables, condiments, Brioche-style buns, lean cheese, tandoori-flavoured chicken thighs, steak mince, lamb sausages and bacon in this hamper. Buy on Musclefood (£23.49) Give your dad a decadent treat to enjoy on the special day with this hamper from Fortnum & Mason. There's plenty to enjoy in this with the historic King's Blend coffee, Afternoon Blend tea, milk and dark chocolate truffles, milk chocolate single malt whiskey bar and tasty biscuits. Buy on Fortnum & Mason (£65) Heaven for liquorice lovers, this hamper is a fun retro-themed gift that includes over one kilogram of old-fashioned sweets. Complete in a black box with world's best dad decorated on the ribbon, it's an excellent gift for liquorice fans. Buy on Amazon (£21.95) One of the most popular gifts, dads love this craft beer hamper and this selection has a great variety of beers and snacks. The hampers includes three craft beers from the Freedom Brewery in Staffordshire and is accompanied by tasty pub-style snacks like smoked mixed nuts, rosemary and garlic olives, cheddar and shallot crisps and pork crackling for the ultimate accompaniment. Buy on Hampers & Amazon (£29 up) The ideal present for the dad who loves cheese, this is the perfect hamper to enjoy a cheese and wine night with your dad. It comes with plum chutney, pork liver pate, sourdough crisps, cheese knives and a bottle of Merlot for the perfect evening. Buy on Moonpig (£45) If your dad loves having a curry, treat him to this hamper which is an all-in-one kit for a delicious curry night. The hamper includes authentic spices including Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Jalfrezi, Bombay Potatoes and has chuntney, crisps. Plus, he can wash it all down with some bottles of beer, making it the perfect pick for spice lovers. Buy on Moonpig (£30) A traditional favourite, give your dad this pork pie hamper from Marks and Spencer. Receive the signature pork pie with crackers, chutney, cheese twists, lager and more. Delivery is now available from June 16, 2022 onwards. Buy on M&S (£35) Celebrate all-things-British with the British treats hamper and gift a selection of delicacies that include organic beers, beechwood cheese, sourdough crackers and ploughman's pickle. Packaged in a stunning reusable gift box, it'll definitely put a smile on dad's face and feed him well. Buy on Hampers (£42) For vegan dads, gift this delicious box of chocolates from Gnaw which has six tasty chocolate bars. It includes delicious flavours like oat milk, sea salt and caramel, and is letterbox friendly so sure to arrive on his doorstep. Buy on Moonpig (£20) If you're looking to gift dad something he can use again and again for upcoming BBQs, this kit has everything he needs to bring out the best flavour. There are seven food products inside and highlights include the spicy BBQ oil which is perfect for coating meat, BBQ salt for steak and the Jerk rub for chicken. Buy on Not On The High Street (£45) Chocolate lovers will absolutely adore getting this gift box, which has delicious chocolates from Love Cocoa. Eco-friendly and handmade in Britain, it has the brand's bestselling chocolates like the milk chocolate truffles and salted caramel milk chocolate. Plus, you can add a personalised gift card at checkout for a special touch. Buy on Love Cocoa (£30) Get the best of both worlds with this hamper and give dad some delicious cupcakes with premium-quality socks. Available nationwide, the hamper has two socks from Happy Socks and six vanilla and chocolate cupcakes to enjoy with a Father's Day greeting card. It is available for pre-order and delivery takes place from June 14, 2022 to June 17, 2022. Buy on Lola's Cupcakes (£39.99)