After an electrifying performance by Lizzo, Jasmine Sullivan took home the first award for Best Female R&B/Pop Artist. During her acceptance speech, the singer called on men to show their support following the controversial Supreme Court’s decision to overturn the Roe v Wade case.  Although Sullivan was the first act to accept an award she was the third person to slam the court's decision to scrap abortion rights. Just 17 minutes into the show, host Taraji P Henson said: “Guns have more rights than a woman.” She continued: “It’s a sad day in America, a weapon that can take lives has more power than woman who can give life, if she chooses to.” Singer Janelle Monae also joined the stage to present the award for Best Female R&B/Pop Artist, where she raised her middle finger and said: “F**k you, Supreme Court.” READ MORE: Bargain Hunt’s Roo Irvine opens up on ‘heart-breaking change in family After Monae announced Jasmine Sullivan had won the award, the singer used her acceptance speech to call on men to offer support. In her plea, she stated: “Hey thank you all. I love you too. As always, I do this for the women. “For my sisters especially, it's a hard time right now for us I want to speak directly to the men. “We need you all, we need y'all to stand up. Stand up for us. Stand up with us.”  Sullivan continued: “If you have ever benefited from a woman making one of the toughest decisions of her life, to terminate a pregnancy, you need to be standing with us. “This is not just a woman's issue, this is everybody's issue. “We need your support more than ever, okay, fellas. Y'all got us? We've got y'all. You all have got us? Thank you so much.”   Protests erupted across America on Friday after the Supreme Court overturned a 49-year-old case that legalised abortion. DON'T MISS...Sherwood writer airs frustration as he compares BBC series to Brexit [INSIGHT] BET Awards 2018: Nicki Minaj suffers EPIC camel toe in PVC leotard [INSIGHT]XXXtentacion honoured at BET Awards – Meek Mill Jahseh Onfroy [INSIGHT] The decision was led by nine Republican judges who agreed to rob millions of women of reproductive rights, including the victims of rape and incest. The historic ruling sent shockwaves across the country and fuelled hatred across social media, while many took to the streets in protest. As many states already have laws in place ready to effectively ban abortion, demonstrations were held across Washington DC, New York City, Chicago, Los Angeles, Seattle, Atlanta and Austin. Many other celebrities and political leaders across the world denounced the Supreme Court’s decision. 