When the Moon moves into the sign of Cancer, we tend to seek refuge in familiar places, with familiar faces. You might turn into more of a homebody as the Moon travels through this sign, and sensitivity levels are prone to heighten. The past might feel like it rules the present, so be more mindful to focus on the now. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for June 1. Depending on what sign the Moon transits in, the traits of the respective zodiac impact our mood, feelings, thoughts, and approaches. Cancers are known as being one of the more sensitive, emotional, caring, intuitive, and loyal signs, so while the Moon transits it, these are the entities largely in the spotlight. The Moon moves into Cancer at around 6.50am, and it might stir more of a need to connect with loved ones or acquire a sense of safety. Tea and Rosemary said: “The things that have been bothering you might be heightened, but be aware that this is all temporary. READ MORE: 'Avoid these shades' Colour psychology expert reveals best room colour   The positive traits of Cancer lie in the increased ability to psychically tap in. As the cardinal water sign, Cancer offers the opportunity to connect in a different way than we usually can on a day-to-day basis. Tea and Rosemary said: “This is a good time to focus on yourself, do inner work, and move past some of your fears. “It is a great time for reflection and sincere connection with others in a deep way.  “Cancer moon transits offer us a direct connection with all that is, and if you are able to meditate and tap in, or even journal, this moon will not seem so harsh.” Although you might be feeling slightly more emotional than usual, it’s important to remember this influence will be affecting everyone. So it’s advised to be mindful when communicating during these transits in order to be a little more sensitive towards others, too. The Moon will form a square to Jupiter and Mars, and while the overriding need is to detox and calm, there are also strong pulls to channel our energies into something specific.  DON'T MISS: Apollo 11 photos auctioned as NASA plots Moon return [PICTURES]Supplements: Excess vitamin B12 could result in a 'strange sensation' [INSIGHT]Best colour to paint a room to look bigger that's not white [EXPLAINED]    Cafe Astrology said: “There can be some tension resulting from conflicts between desires for independence and needs for nurturing. Patience is necessary now.” According to Live About, today is a good day to enjoy the activities that relate more to nurturing, closeness, and water. Live About said: “These activities may relate to your own spiritual growth, connections with other people, or connections with growing and living things.” Spend some quality time with loved ones, take a trip down to the beach (if you can), or nurture your own creative spirit by investing time in the arts. Enjoy the peace this transit brings before the Moon enters bold and brash Leo tomorrow afternoon. 