Designers clamber to design a royal wedding dress, and over the course of the Queen's reign, there have been some truly spectacular gowns. While some have played it safe and stuck to classical bridal themes, others have dared to break fashion boundaries and embrace the trends of the time. Express.co.uk spoke to fashion experts for their take on the most unique royal wedding dresses that have graced the aisle in recent decades.  The fanfare in the run-up to Prince Charles and Lady Diana Spencer's wedding in 1981 was immense, and everyone wanted to know what the Princess of Wales-to-be would wear on her big day. Their wedding was widely dubbed a 'fairytale', and the dress designed by David and Elizabeth Emanuel certainly lived up to expectation. Miranda Holder, TV & Celebrity Style Expert, told Express.co.uk: "It may be marmite for some, but for me, this ticks all the style boxes. The frothy confection was the ultimate ‘of the moment’ fashion statement, a true Princess dress creating a media frenzy and is firmly etched in the memories of the public forever, with all that glorious Elizabeth Emanuel volume. "It epitomised the 1980s being so ‘extra’, maximalism was the theme of the day and it further cemented Diana's iconic status in the halls of fashion fame."  READ MORE: William sparks fury ‘'leaking gossip' about Harry and Meghan After the elaborate wedding dresses of Lady Diana Spencer and Sarah Ferguson in the 1980s, Sophie Rhys-Jones' wedding dress was distinctly simpler back in 1999. Fashion entrepreneur Aditi Oberoi Malhotra (fancycorrectitude on Instagram) told Express.co.uk: "The coat-style gown had a unique elevated appeal that sets it apart from other royal wedding gowns, a break from puffed sleeves and full skirts. Loved the bell sleeves, the embossed V neckline, and crystal pearls. "The movement of the veil was breathtakingly beautiful, the train looked feminine, and the choice of fabric added softness to the royal ensemble. Accessorised with a beautiful tiara and pearl necklace. "It was a stunning, age-appropriate (at the time of her wedding), sophisticated, elegant look for a classic royal bride. Impeccably designed by Samantha Shaw."   Camilla and Prince Charles' nuptials in 2005 were a very different type of royal wedding. Charles and Camilla's marriage took place in the Windsor Guildhall rather than a church, and both had been married before. But according to Ms Holder, Camilla "got the tone" of her big day spot on with her stunning outfits. Rather than opting for the traditional bridal white, Camilla's wedding blessing gown was pale blue, and she forwent the traditional tiara for an elegant spray of feathers in her hair. Ms Holder explained: "I feel that Camilla had a very difficult sartorial path to tread here, yet she executed it with elegance and panache. She got the tone absolutely spot on, with her demure pale blue chiffon maxi dress and the addition of the dramatic full-length embroidered coat gave her figure-flattering structure. "The tonal shoes and statement diamond earrings all added to the effect but the piece de resistance is the dazzling Philip Treacy headpiece which added height and a sense of royalty without the need of a tiara."  DON'T MISS:Royal engagement rings in pictures - Which one is your favourite? [OPINION]Princess Beatrice's engagement ring has sweet link to two royals [INSIGHT]Sophie Wessex's understated wedding dress in pictures [PICTURES] Hollywood star Grace Kelly married Prince Rainier III of Monaco in 1956, and her wedding dress has gone down in history as one of the most iconic ever. While unique at the time, it has inspired wedding dress designs in the decades since. Ms Holder added: "The dress that would inspire so many other iconic wedding dresses, including most recently Kate Middleton. A gown fit for a film star, this dress was actually made for Grace Kelly by the costume department of MGM studios and was a wedding gift to the actress. "This explains the wonderful drama of the silhouette which fits her perfectly. The demure high-necked fitted bodice with long sleeves is counterbalanced by the high waist and full silk taffeta skirt which perfectly echoes the ’new look’ popularised by Christian Dior at the time. Grace looked absolutely breathtaking." 