The broadcaster spoke to a This Morning caller about a time they'd seen Queen Elizabeth II and Meghan Markle interacting at an event, and the 74-year-old remarked that the pair "clearly got on well." It came as Meghan and Prince Harry reunited with the Royals for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations.  This Morning asked viewers to get in touch with their stories of meeting Her Majesty as the nation marks her 70th year on the throne. One caller, Andrew, had a sweet story of an occasion Gyles also remembered. "Well, about four years ago now I was commissioned by my local council to put on a performance for the official opening of the Mersey Gateway," Andrew explained. "Part of my job is running a theatre company and we teach in primary schools. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Kim Tate murders Will Taylor over deadly secret "So [there were] 10 primary schools and 10 children from each primary school, so 100 children were involved locally. "We basically have performed at the many different crossings that exist over the River Mersey." He went on to add: "So yeah, it was pretty magical. "The Queen was there and Meghan - I think it was actually Meghan's first and last official royal engagement with the Queen, so it was pretty special." "It was a very special and important day," Gyles chimed. "The Queen went up to Merseyside, and she took Meghan with her. "They went to Chester, which I took an interest in because it was my old constituency, and I'm the chancellor of the University of Chester. "And it was a really successful day and it was wonderful to see the dynamic between the Queen and Meghan." DON'T MISS... Dan Walker admits BBC's Prince Philip coverage 'a mistake' [LATEST]Simon Cowell defends Britain's Got Talent's Loren Allred in 'fix' row [VIDEO]Sex Pistols' Glen Matlock slams band member's 'memory' over biopic [INTERVIEW] Commenting on the relationship between the two, he commented: "They really, clearly got on well." It came as the second day of the royal celebration commenced, with Harry and Meghan joining the family. Their daughter, Lilibet, also celebrated her first birthday on Saturday, and the Queen is expected to join her grandchildren and great-grandchildren for a birthday party. The two didn't appear on the balcony during Trooping the Colour. Extended members of the royal family usually gather to watch the flypast, but this year's iconic photo was limited to only senior working royals. Along with the Queen, this included Princess Anne, Camilla, Prince Charles, the Duchess of Cornwall, Prince William, Kate Middleton and their three children. Prince Louis, four, could be seen pulling a face and covering his ears as the plans sped past. The Queen announced the tradition change last month. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on BBC One.