Jamie Carragher has hailed Sadio Mane as he reacted to seeing Liverpool reach an agreement with Bayern Munich for his transfer. Mane has starred for the Reds since joining from Southampton in 2016. But he entered the final year of his contract at Anfield following the Champions League final defeat to Real Madrid. And with Liverpool unwilling to hand him the salary increase he was demanding, Mane opted to make his desire to leave the Premier League side clear. Bayern quickly emerged as his favoured destination, with the Bundesliga champions looking for a marquee signing. They need to replace the wantaway Robert Lewandowski, with Mane their top target to take his place in Julian Nagelsmann's side. Having seen Mane help to fire them to the Premier League, Champions League, FA Cup and Carabao Cup, it is a heartwrenching move for Liverpool fans. That includes Carragher who revealed that Mane had been his favourite player of the Jurgen Klopp era. READ MORE: Liverpool and Man City super-signings spell trouble for Premier League "My favourite Liverpool player of this era, Sadio Mane finally departs. Low maintenance high performance & never injured! Trophies & goals galore, a true Liverpool Legend. Thank you Sadio," he tweeted alongside a heart emoji. Bayern will pay a guaranteed fee of £27.5million for the attacker, with another £5m based on appearances and £2.6m on sporting objectives. That will take the total package to £35.1m, with a negotiating team from Germany flying into Merseyside to find a breathrough late last week. DON'T MISS: Man Utd and Liverpool stars in 24-strong list of World Cup absentee (NEWS)Modric sent brutal message to Liverpool star Salah after CL final (INSIGHT)Liverpool 'reach agreement' to sell Sadio Mane as Bayern clinch deal (TRANSFERS) Mane has already agreed personal terms with Bayern, who are thought to be paying him a salary of £360,000 per week. That was a figure Liverpool were unwilling to match as it would break their strict wage structure. But it means that one of the pillars of their success under Klopp will now be leaving the club after six years. The deal taking Mane to Germany could now spark a transfer merry-go-round, with Lewandowski now free to complete his exit from the Allianz Arena.