Meghan Markle and Prince Harry, who reunited with the Royal Family this month, took a backseat role in the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. While they are still considered "much-loved members of the family", royal expert Neil Sean has claimed their titles have sparked a removal discussion. Speaking on his YouTube channel, he claimed: "Senior members of the British monarchy are looking and talking openly about the removal of their titles, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. "This is really stemmed around the fact that Harry and Meghan seemingly don't want to take part in anything or have any part in British royal life. "As Harry famously said he's now not trapped, he's free while his father and Prince William are. "This has taken an active discussion and it will be done in the usual way. "I think it will be an open discussion with them as to what they plan to do and why their titles remain important to them. READ MORE: Kate and William send 'direct message' to Meghan and Harry  "Of course this will go into a discussion again with other senior members and then real factor will kick in. "This is not an overnight thing. "I think what's really happened with their recent return is the fact they darted off without connecting much with their family on both sides. "The bigger picture when you think about it, it just looks stupid to have two ex-royals halfway around the world using the title the Duke and Duchess of Sussex when clearly it's the one thing that really hurts them the most - being reminded of their former royal life." It comes as Meghan took on a role as a guest coach for a girls' entrepreneurship course. She visited the Project Fearless initiative in Amsterdam in April while in the Netherlands for the Invictus Games. Photos shared by the Dutch non-profit organisation on Monday showed Meghan hugging a delighted young participant, and also cheering with her hand in the air in a team photo with the teenagers. In another image, the duchess sits cross-legged in a discussion circle, and standing at a whiteboard. DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'start with an apology' to 'mend fences' [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew 'causing almighty row' as aides [VIDEO]Kate and Meghan 'right in step' with royal Jubilee memo [ANALYSIS] The duchess said, in a statement released by Archewell: "Safe, supportive spaces like Project Fearless allow girls the opportunity to express themselves, build each other up, gain resilience and tackle new challenges." Project Fearless aims to give girls and non-binary youngsters aged nine to 14 the tools to succeed through after-school courses, including, among others, on climate science, skateboarding, kick-boxing and entrepreneurship. It announced the duchess' visit to mark its third birthday. It described how former actress Meghan helped the students with their business pitches and "enthusiastically" took part in a group exercise on facing fears.