Russia's invasion of Ukraine has remapped attitudes in Europe, with countries across the continent cutting ties with Putin's regime. While he has not yet captured the country, concerned leaders near Ukraine have turned to their allies, namely NATO and the EU, for assurance should Putin turn his gaze further west. Given their proximity to Russia, Nordic nations have become the latest to look to the organisation for protection. The European Nordic nations are a collection of northern countries, the easternmost of which borders Russia. Countries in the region include Norway, Finland, Sweden, Iceland and Denmark. With successful applications from Finland and Sweden, the 30-strong organisation would welcome the entire geographical region under its wing. READ MORE: Putin launches ‘information war’ US military support is 'fuel to fire' Denmark, Iceland and Norway are already members of NATO and played a pivotal role in founding the alliance. The first NATO nations signed the North Atlantic Treaty setting up the organisation in 1949. Among those signing the treaty on April 4 that year were Western Union members France, the UK and their Benelux allies, the US, Canada, Portugal, Italy, and Nordics Denmark, Iceland and Norway. Each of those Nordic nations joined with specific arrangements limiting their participation that remain in effect today. They need unanimous agreement from the current crop of NATO members for a successful accession. But Turkey has taken exception to the aspiring nations, accusing them of supporting a militant group active domestically. Kurdish militants from the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) have led attacks on Recep Tayyip Erdogan's administration, and officials recognise them as a terrorist group. Turkish authorities have accused the Nordic countries of harbouring and supporting PKK members. So far, Turkey has asked them to drop support for any groups it considers terrorists, agree to new extradition rules, and lift arms embargoes set on Ankara. Representatives have claimed neither Stockholm nor Helsinki have moved on these proposals. Ibrahim Kalin, Mr Erdogan's spokesman, said the outcome of Sweden and Finland's bids depends on "what they do". He said: "When we see progress on our requests, then the process will advance."