Prince William is not only the future King of the UK, he is proud father to Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about this heart-warming family photograph. The photo, taken on the Cambridges' holiday to Jordan in December 2021, has been released by Kensington Palace. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge shared the touching tribute to William on Instagram. The photo was captioned: "Wishing a happy Father's Day to fathers and grandfathers across the world today." Judi James spoke to Express.co.uk about the dynamic between the royal dad and his three little ones. READ MORE: The Queen's 'best bad mood' was telling Prince William off The photograph depicts Prince William sat sandwiched between Princess Charlotte and Prince George, who both lean into their dad affectionately. Little Prince Louis sits on William's shoulders with his hands at the back of his neck. Speaking about the image, Judi started: "This pose seems to show William as a man fulfilled and at peace with himself in the roles of both father and husband. "It’s a casual look to suggest an emphasis on more down to earth fun." What is particularly notable about the photo is that "all three children are roaring with laughter" in the company of their dad. According to the expert, this "shows how much William and Kate encourage this more normal side of their life away from the formalities of royalty". This can even be seen in Prince William's outfit choice for the photograph. He is wearing a pair of cream shorts and a khaki shirt with the first few buttons undone. Prince George is sweetly dressed very similarly to his dad, in a camo t-shirt and light coloured shorts. Judi continued: "We saw Charlotte and George on duty during the jubilee but here we can see them looking every bit as playful as little Louis." She concluded: "William has been through a lot of emotional challenge over the past couple of years but his slightly bashful but also loving and equally playful facial expression here suggests he has emerged calmer, stronger and more confident thanks to Kate and his children helping to keep him grounded." The instagram post has amassed almost 700,000 likes already today, with royal fans flocking to wish Prince William a happy Father's Day. Royal fan page @bestofmiddleton said: "This is such a lovely photo! Happy Father's Day!" @in_the_capital added: "Happy Father's Day William. You have a lovely little family." @authorsaraheburr commented: "What a beautiful family! Thank you for sharing them with us all!" @laurenrunspilatesyogas mentioned how comfortable and happy the three young royals look with their father. "The pure joy on these faces! Happy Father's Day!"