Andy Murray says he is excited to play at the Laver Cup as he signed up to compete alongside Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal for Team Europe. Federer created the Laver Cup in 2017 as his way of paying tribute to Rod Laver.  Team Europe have dominated every event with the likes of Federer, Nadal and Djokovic turning out. Now, Murray is set to make his first appearance as London's O2 Arena plays host over the weekend September 23-25. “I’m looking forward to playing the Laver Cup in London,” Murray said. “I love playing as part of a team and there is a great atmosphere and intensity to the event. "I’ve heard lots of good things and I’m excited to be teaming up with both Roger and Rafa for Team Europe.” The Laver Cup offers a unique format in which the world's top players compete in a mixture of doubles and singles over the course of three days.   On-court coaching is also permitted which makes for great interactions between some of the greatest players of all time. Team Europe captain Bjorn Borg has yet to name his full six-man team, but after calling up Murray he said: “I am extremely excited to have Andy on our team. He is a dedicated, ferocious, and inspirational competitor who has re-established himself at the top of the game. He will be an incredible asset for the home team in both singles and doubles.” Team World skipper John McEnroe has also named his first three players based on the world rankings; Felix Auger-Aliassime, Taylor Fritz, and Diego Schwartzman. Nick Kyrgios has yet to be called up but is a regular at the event. Federer, 40, skipped Wimbledon this year and there are major concerns over whether the Swiss star will return to action.   However, the 20-time Grand Slam winner is desperate to feature at the Laver Cup later this year. "Yes, definitely," Federer told newspaper Tages-Anzeiger when asked if he wanted to return to the ATP tour in 2023. "How and where, I don't know yet. But that would be the idea. "I haven't planned more than the Laver Cup and Basel yet. After Basel, the season is over anyway. It's important for me to get fit again so that I can train fully. Once I've done that, I can choose how many tournaments I play and where. "The Laver Cup is a good start, I don't have to play five matches in six days. I will have be able to do that in Basel. But I'm hopeful, I've come a long way. I'm not far away..." 