The couple are now splitting their time between London and a luxurious resort in Portugal after moving out of the UK with their one-year-old son August. Princess Eugenie’s husband of nearly four years had been working for Casamigos, the tequila brand founded by the Hollywood actor, Mr Meldman and Rande Gerber, the husband of supermodel Cindy Crawford, which the trio sold to the Diageo drinks company for £550million in 2017.  After marrying Jack Brooksbank, Princess Eugenie's net worth was reported by E! News to be £3.7million, shared with her husband. While Jack's individual net worth is unknown, Eugenie is said to be earning nearly £115,000 a year from her job at London art gallery Hauser & Wirth. Celebrity Net Worth estimated Eugenie's net worth to be around £792,869, which is reportedly exactly the same as her sister Beatrice. The Royal Family member has moved to the exclusive CostaTerra Golf and Ocean Club in the south of Lisbon, because her husband has landed a new job with property tycoon Mike Meldman - who is friends with George Clooney.   Jack, who Eugenie married in 2018, has forged a successful career in the hospitality industry. He will reportedly be in charge of the marketing and promotion of the private resort in Portugal, which is currently being developed with 300 houses. While in the UK the family of three, who have been using Frogmore Cottage on the Windsor estate - Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's home in the UK - will live at Ivy Cottage at Kensington Palace. Though part of the family, Princess Eugenie and her sister Beatrice are not working Royal Family members. READ MORE: Jubilee fury explodes as ex-Labour MP fumes at 'gross' celebrations  This means that both of them have full-time jobs to support themselves. Eugenie, who attended the University of Newcastle and gained a degree in English literature and history of art, has always been passionate about art. In 2013, she moved to New York and worked for the online auction firm Paddle8. She returned to London after two years and now works at the Hauser & Wirth art gallery as an associate director. DON'T MISS:Ukrainian refugee sees looted item on Russian tankUkraine LIVE: Putin chemical plant strike fills city with toxic fumesBrits brace for ‘cool’ week as cloud and rain brings thundery showers Besides her own income, her marriage to Jack - who is a brand manager for the Casamigos tequila, previously jointly owned by Mr Meldman, George Clooney and Cindy Crawford's husband Randy Gerber - has also added to her overall fortune. Added to the combined wealth with her husband, Eugenie also reportedly benefits from a trust fund set up by the Queen Mother for all her great-grandchildren. Another trust fund from the Queen, established after Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson divorced, is also believed to benefit Eugenie and her sister. Meanwhile, Andrew's website says that he “supports both of his daughters financially from his private income”. However, it's unclear if he still supports his daughters now that he has stepped down from royal life. Eugenie and Jack will also return for the four-day festivities, which begin with Trooping the Colour on Thursday. 