Britons up and down the land have been celebrating Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee this weekend. A number of spectacular events have been held across four bank holidays, drawing interest from around the world. The festivities will come to an end on Sunday, with around 10,000 people taking part in a special Platinum Jubilee Pageant. To recognise the Queen becoming the first British monarch to serve for 70 years, the Platinum Jubilee Pageant will dazzle onlookers in central London. The pageant will take the form of a parade, which is split into four acts. Buckingham Palace and the Department for Culture, Media and Sport (DCMS) have joined forces to organise the event. So, when is the Platinum Jubilee Pageant expected to begin?  READ MORE: Jubilee: Shock as Harry and Meghan will not attend historic event The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Pageant will start at 2.30pm today and is expected to end at 5pm. Organisers have planned for the pageant to begin at Whitehall and then travel to Admiralty Arch, near Charing Cross station. From here it will proceed up The Mall towards the Queen Victoria Memorial, just outside of the Palace. Shortly after this, the pageant will finish before culminating in a grand finale.  Ed Sheeran is expected to pay a special tribute to the Queen and her late husband Prince Philip. Tickets have long since been sold out for the two official grandstands, located outside the Palace. But members of the public can still turn up and watch on the day, through a number of designated viewing areas. DON'T MISS:  Duke fumes after UK crowds heckle him and Meghan [INSIGHT]'Shameless' Sturgeon provokes furious backlash at Jubilee concert [NEWS]Meghan's 'firm' gesture to Harry - 'Signals of anxiety' [ANALYSIS]  These are located along Whitehall and The Mall, and they do not require tickets in order to be accessed. Anyone looking to attend the event is advised to arrive in plenty of time, to give yourself the best chance of securing a space. Big screens broadcasting the pageant will also be placed in St James’ Park, along The Mall and Whitehall, so that as many people as possible will be able to watch the procession. Alternatively, several news channels will be broadcasting the pageant live on TV, for people to watch along at home.  The BBC, ITV and Sky News will each be broadcasting live their own programmes of the event. Roughly 10,000 people are expected to participate in the pageant, including more than 6,000 volunteers, performers, and key workers. In addition, 2,500 members of the public will take part in the display. A cast of “national treasures” such as Gary Lineker, Basil Brush, Sir Mo Farah, Ant & Dec, Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber, Dame Joan Collins and Dame Kelly Holmes will also reportedly be making appearances. 