From today, June 30, all home and workplace electric car chargers are required to have certain smart charging functions. The new rules are intended to manage the strain on the National Grid with thousands of electric vehicles charging at the same time across England, Scotland and Wales. As part of the new rules, EV private chargepoints sold for domestic or workplace use in Great Britain and any smart cables are covered in the regulations. The regulations do not apply to private chargepoints sold in Northern Ireland, any sold before June 30, 2022, and any intended for use as public charge points. These set out minimum standards for all home and workplace chargepoints sold in England, Scotland and Wales from that date, whereas previous rules had only applied to units funded by OZEV grant schemes. Commenting on the new laws, Charlie Cook, founder of Rightcharge, said it was a positive step towards mass electrification. READ MORE: Charging EVs is sometimes more expensive than filling cars with fuel “The regulation is an excellent idea because more drivers will become familiar with smart charging, which allows them to easily charge overnight when it's cleaner and cheaper. “Overnight charging is best for our planet, our pocket and our electricity grid. “It cuts energy bills by hundreds per year per household, uses electricity that is 25 percent cleaner and avoids the need to spend billions of pounds on upgrades to our national grid. “Our cars and our electricity systems have historically been completely disconnected.” DON'T MISSDriving a fuel car will be 'unimaginably difficult' after 2030 ban [SHOCKING]European Union agrees to ban sales of petrol and diesel cars by 2035 [INSIGHT]London councils support huge ULEZ expansion despite impact on drivers [WARNING] The smart chargers will encourage drivers to use smarter tariffs to avoid charging during peak hours, which tend to be throughout the day, particularly in the evening. The new regulations also mean that all smart chargers need to have a data connection that has the ability to measure and transmit records so that drivers can view their charging history. Smart chargers allow drivers to select when they can charge their car to ensure it has sufficient energy levels for when they need it. This is particularly useful if they have an EV-friendly home tariff, with some offering drivers the chance to save hundreds or even thousands of pounds per year. The smart chargers will encourage drivers to use smarter tariffs to avoid charging during peak hours, which tend to be throughout the day, particularly in the evening. The new regulations also mean that all smart chargers need to have a data connection that has the ability to measure and transmit records so that drivers can view their charging history. Smart chargers allow drivers to select when they can charge their car to ensure it has sufficient energy levels for when they need it. This is particularly useful if they have an EV-friendly home tariff, with some offering drivers the chance to save hundreds or even thousands of pounds per year. “The millions of home charge points that will be installed this decade are a piece of national infrastructure. “How well that infrastructure works will be dictated by the decisions of millions of individual homeowners.” New chargepoints will be pre-configured to avoid charging during peak hours, between 8am and 11am and between 4pm and 10pm on weekdays. Graeme Cooper, Transport Decarbonisation Director at the National Grid, reassured Britons that there is “definitely enough” energy that the grid can cope easily. The growth in renewable energy has allowed the National Grid to not be static and more efficient. Some chargers allow drivers to randomly defer off-peak charging sessions by 10 minutes if grid demand is high.