 In the latest episode of Top Gear, hosts Chris Harris, Freddie Flintoff and Paddy McGuinness test some of the most iconic classic cars from TV police shows, and their modern counterparts. A recent poll found that the Jaguar Mark 2 driven by Inspector Morse was voted the most iconic TV cop car of all time, with over half of survey participants choosing it as number one.  It was closely followed by Gene Hunt’s Audi Quattro from Ashes to Ashes (43 percent), and the Ferrari 308 GTS that starred in Magnum, PI (41 percent). When looking at the newest models, the presenter went in different directions: an American classic pickup, a sleek performance car and a German sportback. Freddie chose to go bold with the Ford 150 Raptor, the best-selling pickup truck in the world. The newest model has been “made tougher and faster”. READ MORE: Cyclist only gets a warning after jumping a red light  The V6 engine, which is based on the Ford GT supercar, makes 450 horsepower, with Freddie joking that “it weighs as much as bungalow”. Fellow host Chris Harris chose to test out a bright yellow Audi RS3. Commenting on the bold vehicle, he said: “This is basically the modern version of the Life on Mars Audi Quattro. “It’s seriously quick. Like the old Audi Quattro, it’s got a five-cylinder turbocharged engine up front, this time 400 horsepower and it’s got Audi’s legendary Quattro four-wheel-drive system. DON'T MISSDrivers urged to use 'key trick' to save money on fuel [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis tells drivers how to find the cheapest fuel [REVEALED]Most drivers don't know basic Highway Code rules - risk of fines [SHOCKING]  “If you're chasing mobsters around mean city streets, this is what you need.” Paddy’s Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat boasts an impressive top speed of 196mph and can go from zero to 60 in 2.5 seconds. The car also comes with a “red key” which allows the car to go up to a staggering 700 horsepower. When taking the classic cars for a spin, presenter Chris Harris spoke about his admiration for the iconic Jaguar seen in Morse and how it left an impact on him.  He said: “The Mark 2 originally had a reputation for grace and sophistication but by the 1980s when Morse was on the TV, it had a different image, it was a bit more bank robber than stately home. “But it all fitted with Morse’s character, the curmudgeon and intellect who loved real ale and crosswords and disliked pleasantries. “If a great TV police car can say something about the character or driver that almost no lines could, then this is the best of the lot.” He revealed that the original Jaguar from the programme was found in a scrap heap when Morse was first being filmed.  Freddie had the honour of driving the Ferrari 308 GTS, made famous by Thomas Magnum in Magnum PI. Paddy, complete with a siren and flashing light, took a ride in the iconic Ford Gran Turismo, which was made almost synonymous with Starsky and Hutch. The episode also paid tribute to the late Sir Clive Sinclair, the founder of the Sinclair C5. The English inventor was heralded as producing a “revolutionary” vehicle that was designed for urban commuting, with it also being zero-emission. The vehicles travel at 15 miles per hour and had a range of eight miles, with the presenters saying it was “ahead of its time”. Freddie puts his neck on the line, literally, by attempting to break the national speed limit in a C5 bobsleigh – christened the “Ski5”, naturally – down Lillehammer’s Olympic luge run in Norway. Freddie Flintoff, Chris Harris and Paddy McGuinness are back for their sixth series at the wheel - Top Gear airs this Sunday at 8pm on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.