Located in between the select neighbourhood of Islington, and the vibrant area of Shoreditch there is a quirky and unique hotel that offers a luxury experience within everyone's reach. Nhow hotel is a creative nook in the middle of the hustle and bustle of north London. A discreet entrance on Macclesfield Rd leads guests to a flamboyant lobby, where the immersive experience begins. Colourful chairs and rugs, neon lights and royal extravaganza fill the room with the Queen's portrait and London landmarks featured on the walls. The enormous Big Ben sculpture blasting off into space is without a doubt what makes this lobby the most unconventional space we have ever seen. READ MORE: Ryanair strikes: Planned walkout dates and countries affected Making their way to the rooms, guests will discover captivating corridors and intriguing doors. An Alice in Wonderland hallway took us to our room, following the White Rabbit led on by curiosity, just like her. Our rabbit hole into Wonderland was the Nhow Penthouse, an impressive room with not quite, but nearly a 360-degree view.  But what can guests visit around the area? Travellers don't have to take any public transport to explore Islington’s Victorian homes and quiet streets. The elegant roads will lead you to Islington canals, an absolute must to fully understand the north London energy and way of living. Walk around Regents Canal and discover the old industrial building with its chimney or explore the narrowboat community and its unique houses covered with wonderful flowers. READ MORE: Flight cancellations IN FULL - what to expect this summer Don't leave without visiting one of the small coffee shops in front of the canal and have a steamy latte enjoying the simplicity of that pleasant moment. But there is more. Head south and see the district of Shoreditch, East London at its finest. The place where young creators, vintage shops, art and trendy pubs collide to create the most colourful and vibrant scene. Nhow hotel is made for those who want to explore London and experience the city's most vibrant area overnight. But without question, staying at the eccentric hotel is an experience on its own so make the most of it. Rooms at Nhow hotel can be booked for £270 per night.