Ukraine said Russian troops had withdrawn from the strategic outpost in the Black Sea near Odesa. Moscow confirmed the move and insisted it had completed its assigned tasks. Snake Island, which Russia occupied on the first day of its invasion, became famous when defiant Ukrainian defenders rejected a demand for their surrender. Ukraine's ministry of defence took to Twitter today to celebrate the withdrawal of Russian soldiers from the island. It tweeted: "Operational Command South confirms, the Russian occupiers have left the Snake Island. "They couldn’t stand the weather - the ground was burning under their feet, the sea was boiling, the air was too hot. "P.S. Russian warships go f*** yourselves!" Andriy Yermak, head of Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy's office, added: "KABOOM! "No Russian troops on the Snake Island anymore. Our Armed Forces did a great job." Ukraine's Southern Military Command wrote on Facebook that following a successful operation involving missile and artillery units, Russian forces had fled in two boats. It said: “During the night, as a result of another successful stage of the military operation with strikes by our missile and artillery, the opponent hurriedly evacuated the remains of the garrison (of Snake Island) with two speed boats… Currently, it is covered in fire and explosions.” Russia's defence ministry insisted the withdrawal was a "goodwill gesture" to help the UN organise a humanitarian corridor to transport agricultural products out of Ukraine. It comes as the UK has committed a further £1 billion to the war effort in Ukraine. The new funding is a significant increase on the £1.3 billion of military assistance already provided by Britain. The promise of extra military support comes after Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky urged Nato leaders to do more to help his country resist Putin's brutal invasion. Prime Minister Boris Johnson said: "Putin's brutality continues to take Ukrainian lives and threaten peace and security across Europe. "As Putin fails to make the gains he had anticipated and hoped for and the futility of this war becomes clear to all, his attacks against the Ukrainian people are increasingly barbaric. "UK weapons, equipment and training are transforming Ukraine's defences against this onslaught. "And we will continue to stand squarely behind the Ukrainian people to ensure Putin fails in Ukraine." Foreign Secretary Liz Truss added: "I've not met Vladimir Putin, I don't know the motivation for carrying out this appalling war. "All I know is that we have to make it our absolute priority to stop this war and to push Vladimir Putin and the Russian troops out of Ukraine." Putin launched his unprovoked attack on Ukraine in February. But the Russian President was forced to abandon his bid to capture the capital Kyiv in the face of fierce Ukrainian resistance and instead focus on the east and south of the country. 