The UK Government outlined plans to ban the sale of new petrol and diesel vehicles from 2030 as part of major changes to reach the net zero goal in 2050. As a result, billions of pounds worth of investment has been made into electric infrastructure including charging stations and grants. With electric car sales rising rapidly, many are wondering when the UK will ditch its reliance on petrol and diesel and transition to EVs. Joel Teague, founder of Co Charger, the community charging app, warned that not embracing electric cars sooner rather than later will be painful for motorists. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “Look to the countries that are further ahead. In Norway, here’s the wonderful irony. “Diesel drivers are suffering from range anxiety, because you can’t refuel them. READ MORE: Drivers told to use secret button to reduce fuel consumption “Does anybody in the UK think that the companies that own the land that have petrol stations on them will wait until 2029 to sell it? “They’re doing it now. It’s going to get unimaginably difficult and expensive to run a fuel car. “That whole infrastructure is being dismantled as fast as the electric one is being created. “It will go that way. Look at Norway. It’s not just down to policies, it’s down to demand.” DON'T MISSDrivers urged to follow simple steps at the petrol station [INSIGHT]Drivers urged to use hypermiling hack to boost efficiency 25 percent [EFFICIENCY]Plans to simplify electric car charging for drivers to promote switch [EV CHANGES] In January 2022, only 175 petrol engine vehicles were registered, alongside 212 diesel engine vehicles. Non-electrified ICE vehicles accounted for only 4.8 percent of new vehicles registered in Norway in January. It is estimated that 65 percent of total new car sales in Norway are electric, with sales rising from just 20 percent in 2017. Earlier this month, the European Parliament voted to support an effective ban on the sale of new petrol and diesel cars from 2035. Around 15 percent of the EU’s total greenhouse gas emissions output comes from road transport. Mr Teague added: “If I go on holiday and I have to rent a car and I have to get a petrol car, it is like driving an antique. “Getting into a petrol car, it’s not a patch on the experience of the EV. “They can talk about 2035 if they like, but good grief, the market will have killed it long, long before then. “Look at it now, it costs more than £100 to fill up an average fuel car. That’s not going to come down a lot. “Meanwhile, the cost of charging an EV might have gone up from £8 to £10. “Fortunately, it looks like no one is going to want to burn fuel in a car anymore.” According to the newly launched RAC Charge Watch, it costs 10p per mile to charge an EV using a “rapid” charger and 12p per mile when using an “ultra-rapid” charging point. In comparison, a mile’s worth of petrol will set drivers back 19p, while diesel is slightly higher at 21p.