Premier League fixture release day is one of the most exciting points of the off-season for football fans and players. But some teams will not be looking forward to the opening rounds of the upcoming campaign given the brutal games they have been handed. And it will leave six teams in particularly needing to pick up their transfer business with less than two months before the new season gets underway. Here, Daily Express Sport looks at the six clubs who will have to spend big to boost their squads in time for their dreadful run. Man Utd Erik ten Hag has been handed an incredibly difficult start to get his reign as Manchester United boss underway. The Red Devils host Liverpool in their third game, with clashes against Arsenal, Chelsea and Spurs coming before the end of October. United are still yet to make their first signing of the summer, though Frenkie de Jong's move from Barcelona appears to be picking up pace. Upgrades in defence, midfield and attack are all needed as Ten Hag bids to overhaul the squad that failed so badly last season. READ MORE: Neville 'worried' by Man Utd's De Jong saga and wants deals 'ASAP' Leicester Before October, Leicester will have already faced four of the big six, including Arsenal, Chelsea and United in their opening five games. The Foxes disappointed last year, with clashes against Brentford, Aston Villa and Brighton also presenting their own difficulties. Brendan Rodgers' side were hit by injuries to a number of key players last year, which exposed their vulnerability in defence. The likely departure of Youri Tielemens will also mean that the Foxes will need to sign a replacement for the Belgian midfielder. Bournemouth Bournemouth could not have been handed a tougher start to their first year back in the Premier League. Scott Parker's men travel to both Manchester City and Liverpool within the first four games, with a home match against Arsenal sandwiching the trips to those title rivals. So far the names of those who have been linked with moves to the Cherries have been underwhelming. They are closing in on the signing of former Blackburn star Joe Rothwell and look set to bring Liverpool defender Nat Phillips back in on loan. Crystal Palace Like Bournemouth, Crystal Palace will also face Arsenal, Liverpool and Manchester City in the first four games of the campaign, with clashes against United and Chelsea following close behind. Palace will be hoping to build on the work last season that saw them become one of the surprise packages of the top-flight. DON'T MISS: Man Utd Premier League fixtures: Liverpool, Man City and Chelsea dates (NEWS)Liverpool Premier League fixtures: Man Utd, Everton and Man City dates (INSIGHT)Martin Keown in scathing attack at Simon Jordan after heated argument (ANALYSIS)  But to do that, they will need to replace the barnstorming midfield displays of Conor Gallagher, who has returned to Chelsea. Patrick Vieira is also closing in on moves for Sam Johnstone and Bayern Munich defender Chris Richards. Fulham The fixture list has not been kind to the promoted teams, with Fulham also handed a tough start. A visit from Liverpool is first up, with clashes against Arsenal, Tottenham and Chelsea coming before the end of September for the Cottagers. The departure of top performer Fabio Carvalho leaves Marco Silva's men decidedly weaker, while they also need to find a way to relieve the burden on Alesander Mitrovic. The departures of Michael Hector and Alfie Mawson, combined with the previous Premier League experience of their back four, means that defenders are also needed. Arsenal October is likely to be a scary time for Arsenal, and not because of the approaching Halloween night. Clashes with Spurs, Liverpool and Manchester City will also come with a three week period for the Gunners, while Chelsea await in their first game of November. Arsenal are closing in on the signing of Aaron Hickey to boost Mikel Arteta's options at left-back. But the Gunners will need to step up their search for a striker, with Gabriel Jesus and Gianluca Scamacca their top targets.