It won’t be long until the next highly anticipated episodes of Virgin River come to screens, as the fourth season of the popular romantic drama is due to be released on Netflix next month. Unfortunately, some of the aspects of the show have clearly become frustrating over the years, with one fan recently pointing out a huge issue with Mel Monroe’s (played by Alexandra Breckenridge) medical know-how. Fans have highlighted a major medical error in Mel’s scenes with Vernon ‘Doc’ Mullens (Tim Matheson) in Virgin River. Throughout the series, Mel has performed a number of procedures and check-ups for her new neighbours. Unfortunately, one small yet significant detail has led some viewers to believe she may not be the capable and careful nurse practitioner she claims to be. “I love Mel, don’t get me wrong, but she and Doc are constantly providing medical care to patients without a lab coat OR gloves,” notjustrocks pointed out on Reddit. READ MORE: Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in for Gloria Hunniford They posted their complaint with the title: “Perpetually cringing at the lack of gloves used.” The user then added: “I know I need to suspend disbelief and it’s not that big of a deal, but this irks me each time I see it.” Netflix’s popular drama deals with plenty of real-life issues, such as illness, young love and even drug crime. Season two concluded with Mel’s on-off boyfriend Jack Sheridan (Martin Henderson) getting shot in his bar, so the series is clearly intended to be more dramatic than most day-to-day life. However, some fans couldn’t help but be annoyed when Mel and Doc failed to follow even the most basic medical requirements when dealing with their patients. PiratePepe666 agreed with the blunder, adding: “Lack of gloves but they have a never-ending stream of single-use coffees cups that are obviously empty!!!” Although BookReader1328 shared: “My husband had an IV replaced in the ER this past weekend and the nurse didn't wear gloves. “One would think she'd want to in order to protect herself, but there you go. It happens.” DON'T MISS:Stranger Things’ David Harbour pays tribute to co-star [COMMENT]Our Yorkshire Farm fans devastated as Amanda Owen confirms split [LATEST]Better Call Saul boss addresses clue Kim is still alive [INSIGHT] And Denovo17 reasoned: “To be fair, I never once thought twice about it. “I grew up in a smaller area, my doctor would constantly dress exactly like Doc, flannels, khakis. “Would always wash hands coming in and going out, but not wear gloves.” Perhaps the spread of germs simply isn’t high on the list of priorities in a town with such a small population. While Claudeis highlighted another distracting detail: “I feel the same when I see the amount of clothes Mel wears to go running, I would pass out if I wore those clothes. “Even in freezing weather, I would wear a few thin layers but not full-on coats and hoodies.” Mel arguably has to layer up to protect herself from the cold Vancouver climate in which the series is filmed, but this fan thinks she may be taking her choice of exercise gear a little too far. Fans thankfully just have until the end of July to see the next stage of Mel and Jack’s epic romance, and whether Virgin River has heeded their growing list of complaints. Virgin River season 4 will be released on Wednesday, July 20 on Netflix.