Limescale build-ups result from hard water, where calcium or magnesium are dissolved. As the kettle boils, insoluble calcium carbonate will form from the water which spreads across the appliance and will remain until the kettle is thoroughly cleaned. Though there are products available specifically designed to bust through limescale, many people prefer not to use chemicals when cleaning around their homes. However, according to Reddit users, you can easily clean limescale using just two natural ingredients. Posting to a dedicated forum, a user named abir_valg2718 recommended using citric acid and baking soda. The used said: "Mix [citric acid] with water, don't put a lot, put the minimum amount, and boil. READ MORE: Cleaning tips: Correct way to clean toilet limescale - avoid 2p trick "If there's some rust on the element, you can use baking soda to clean it. "I literally cleaned my kettle this way two days ago, and I've been doing this for years." [SIC] Citric acid is a compound originally derived from lemon juice but can be purchased in a powder form that is safe for consumption. Although white vinegar is sometimes recommended for removing limescale, citric acid can work better and also avoids any pungent smells after cleaning. The acidic pH of citric acid will react with the alkaline limescale to remove it. DON'T MISSHow to get rid of fruit flies fast: Three easy traps to make at home [EXPLAINER]‘Do not use salt to kill weeds!' Paving expert condemns gardening hack [COMMENT]Pippa Middleton's mansion has £1m nursery for new baby [REVEAL] Boil a half-full kettle, then switch it off and unplug it. Next, add between one and two tablespoons of citric acid. Allow the critic acid to work for approximately 20 minutes. Pour out the water and then rinse the kettle a couple of times before using it again. You may need to put in a little bit of elbow grease for more stubborn build-ups, but the citric acid should do most of the work. Baking soda can then be used to clean away any rust. The alkaline properties of the white powder work to break down organic build-ups and dirt, while its mineral structure works as a mild abrasive. Simply mix the water and baking soda into a thick paste and then apply to any rust spots. Let the paste sit for around an hour before scouring away the rust. Then rinse the area and dry thoroughly.