The Sussexes were seen at a BBQ with their close friends Delfina Blaquier and Nacho Figueras. A candid photograph was shared by Delfina but has since been deleted.  However, that hasn't stopped royal fans buzzing over the image, in particular over the Duchess' summer dress. Other royal fans have admired the couple's informality with their bare feet on the grass. To the right of the picture, near a large tree there is a young boy who looks remarkably like Archie based upon the hair the young Sussex has sported in family photographs. He is wearing a white shirt and appears to be bringing his hands to his mouth, possibly enjoying the food and drink on offer.  There are tablecloths on the outdoor tables along with wooden benches and cushions around the seating area by the tree. On one of the benches there is also a large handbag that could belong to the Duchess. On Instagram royal fans showed their appreciation for the images. Terri Michelle wrote: "Barefoot & happy. It’s a whole mood."  READ MORE: Queen spotted at airport as monarch jets off for Jubilee celebrations  Meanwhile royal fan paulette.rutty added: "They are so down to earth titles or titles this is what people need to see one day they will be King and Queen in they own way." A third fan, martinaedithhelene, commented: "Yes so nice a pic of a normal time of Harry and Meghan." Another, courtmanchu, added: "I don’t mind this dress, looks summery! I was looking at Emilia Wickstead’s site last night trying to pick what she and others might wear for next weekend for jubilee celebration!" lp_henry_priv chimed in: "Love a good barefoot occasion! shoes can be so overrated." DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan popularity hits all-time low  [REVEAL] Queen 'won't allow' Meghan and Harry to publish photos - claim [INSIGHT] Princess Eugenie and husband Jack to move to Portugal   [SPOTLIGHT]   While ashhyland_ said: "I love the dress, it looks very cool and comfortable, plus Meghan looks good." Royal Fans have only seen a few images of Archie, most of which were in the UK before the family moved to California in 2020. Fans have only seen Lilibet in one image which was the family's Christmas card. However, it is Lilibet's first birthday on Saturday when the Sussexes are due to be in London for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. 