During Sunday's Jubilee special of Love Your Weekend with Alan Titchmarsh, the ITV host spoke with The Crown's historical advisor about the accuracy of the series, as well as actor Stephen Mangan about life after The Split. The former Ground Force star also interviewed Julian Clary about his new children's book, which he read an extract from. However, the segment quickly took a turn when Alan asked Julian about the awkward time he met Dame Joan Collins. "I remember all those years ago, calling yourself the Joan Collins fan club," Alan recalled. "You interviewed me in 1990," Julian replied before the host continued: "I remember you wearing a red velvet suit. "So why was it the Joan Collins fan club, was it a pluck from the air or what?" READ MORE: Queen shocks fans in brilliant Paddington skit "Well, when I started in the mid-80s, it was...Dynasty was the biggest show," Julian explained. "I was doing an act wearing in a lot of makeup and dressing up and I was having a bath one day actually and I heard the theme music on the TV and I thought 'oh, Joan Collins that sort of explains me'. "And it gave me a lot of material about talking about Joan and the art of glamour, so, that's how it started." The ITV host went on to ask his guest what Joan's reaction to his skit was when they first met. "She does [remembers]," the 63-year-old told Alan. "It was on a daytime television programme...This Morning or something and we were both guests. "She came in during the commercial break, sat next to me and went to shake my hand and I said which was my catchphrase at the time, 'Please don't touch me'. "She thought I was being minty, and she also thought the Joan Collins fan club was a sort of send-up and I managed to convince her it was a tribute act. "We had a tricky time to begin with, but now we are friends, of course." DON'T MISS...Hunniford in savage Meghan swipe upon Jubilee return [VIDEO]Rod Stewart defends Sweet Caroline Jubilee performance [REACTION]Vera's Brenda Blethyn pays tribute to co-star [INSIGHT] Alan went on to bring up the time Julian saved Joan from a swimming incident. "You saved her life at one point?" the 73-year-old asked as Julian hit back: "Oh, don't start that story. I am so tired of hearing it. "I plucked her out of her swimming pool in St Tropez basically. "I've elaborated the story to make it sound like I saved her life but she's sick of hearing it." It's not the first time Julian has discussed saving his pal Joan from a pool. The duo recently made an appearance on Lorraine where the comedian opened up about the ordeal. Despite Joan admitting that she was "acting", Julian said: “Joan was looking gorgeous floating on an armchair thing. "All of a sudden I heard a shriek and a splash, and the armchair had turned over and Dame Joan was trapped underneath. Love Your Weekend with Alan Titchmarsh returns on Sunday at 10am on ITV.