Britain is proud of its reputation as a property-owning democracy, and many housing association tenants will jump at the chance to buy the properties they rent. One of Margaret Thatcher’s cornerstone achievements was giving people the “right to buy” their council house. This controversial policy rewarded aspiration and gave families a transformative foothold on the property ladder. Today, around £30billion is spent on housing support every year and much of this money goes on rent. It is absolutely right that people who are on benefits win new opportunities to save for a property. Conservatives will reap electoral rewards, particularly in the so-called Red Wall, if more people are able to get mortgages and have a home. Any government should do all it can so that hard-working Britons are not locked out of the market. --------------------------------------- Nandy labours the point Labour's Lisa Nandy let the cat out of the bag yesterday when she said the party was “on the rail workers’ side” in the dispute that threatens to bring Britain to a standstill. The shadow levelling up secretary attempted to play it both ways, saying as well that she was “on the public’s side” but voters will not be impressed by her attempts at political spin. The RMT is attempting to hold the country to ransom by refusing to provide an essential service and it is scandalous that a Labour frontbencher is doing anything other than condemning this. Train drivers can earn up to £70,000 a year. They deserve to be well paid for their skilled and demanding work but the rail sector remains hugely subsidised and unions cannot be a brake on reforms which would provide savings and deliver better value to passengers. If the sympathies of the likes of Ms Nandy are with union barons and not working people who depend on a reliable train service then the party should be kept far from power. --------------------------------------- Sue’s excellent service A tennis legend will bow out at the close of this year’s Wimbledon tournament when Sue Barker steps down as the anchor of the BBC’s coverage. Tennis fans are known for their polite applause but Ms Barker’s exceptional contribution to the sport deserves cheers that would raise the centre court roof. There will be every reason to enjoy champagne with the strawberries and cream when she reflects on three decades of incisive presenting which brought millions of viewers to the heart of the action.