Emma Raducanu crashed out of Wimbledon after a straight-sets defeat to Caroline Garcia - only to be warned that her secrets are out. The 6-3, 6-3 win for the experienced French player took just 1hr 29 mins to beat the US Open champion on Centre Court. The 19-year-old acknowledged a standing ovation with a tired wave but it was a sharp contrast to the outcome when Raducanu beat Garcia in Indian Wells in March. And her conqueror warned the British no. 1 she has lost one of her main weapons. “When you are young and you are coming up and obviously no one knows you,” she said. “It's always positive points on your side, because you can analyse your opponent and know how they play. But obviously it's pretty tricky most of the time to find video or good quality matches where you can watch how they are doing. “Then obviously everyone gets knows you, especially when you are doing great, which is her case. I learned a little bit of stuff from when I played against her in the US and tried to make things better.”  Raducanu believes that in the long term, though, that will all serve just to make her an even stronger player. “They're just highlighting all my weaknesses,” she said. “Then when you do it on a big court like that, it's definitely magnified. I'll just look at what's not working, what my weaknesses are, improve them. It's good for me. “These lessons are coming every single week. It's just a reminder you got to do this, this, and that. It comes from different players so it just highlights it. It's just great for me to get all these lessons at such a young age so that when I'm in my mid-20s, I'll have those issues or little glitches in my game sorted.”  Raducanu added: "Yeah, I mean, obviously it's tough to lose any match, but I think that Caroline played a great match. I mean, she is a great player. I struggled to find a way through her today. "But it's okay because coming into this I didn't really have many expectations of myself. Playing on Centre Court again was, again, a really positive experience for me. "So, yeah, I can take it going forwards."