The young Prince’s naughtiness and funny gestures stole the show during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, while his mother sat next to him used “powerful” gestures in order to calm him down. Body language expert Darren Stanton of Slingo shared his insight into the Duchess’s parenting style and the strong bond she has with her children.  He said: “Throughout the Platinum Jubilee parade, there were some great and very relatable shots of Kate Middleton and Prince Louis interacting, allowing her maternal side to shine through. “From hugging Louis as he grew restless, to smiling energetically at the youngster - who was clearly loving the attention - as he performed alongside her, it was clearly important for Kate to engage with her children, especially as it would have been a very long day for them. “At times, we saw Louis grow irritable and while him playing up made for some very comical photos, Kate - and William too - were on hand to ensure their brood made sure to behave. “As Kate interacted with Louis you’ll notice that she positions her face very close to him, she also bends her head to reduce her height while interacting with him - such a gesture is one of a nurturing nature, it allows her to build a deep rapport with her son.  “Being the same height and being able to maintain eye contact ensures Kate can give Louis the reassurance and support he needs as an individual. “It’s a powerful way of building trust in a motherly role.” Even when Louis was being restless, the Duchess of Cambridge kept her cool and was able to handle the situation gracefully. Mr Stanton continued: “As for when Louis became slightly unruly, pulling faces at his mum and standing on his chair, Kate made sure to respond in a calm and reassuring manner. “Children are like sponges and incredibly impressionable, by reacting in such a way Kate will no doubt help and assist her children in developing their own personalities.  READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'don't care' as 'lecturing' royals hop on private jet “They’ll take their lead from her and respond to situations as they grow up in a similar manner to what their mother has shown them. “It’s a given that growing up your parents have that look they will give you when you’re in trouble, especially if you continue to behave in such a way. “Kate too has a few gestures that tell the children enough is enough, like holding out her hands to encourage Louis to stop.  DON'T MISS:William and Kate: We all had an incredible time at the Jubilee [INSIGHT]Lady C sparks uproar branding Harry and Meghan 'third-tier royals' [REVEAL]Prince Harry branded 'out of touch' as Duke and Meghan 'ostracised' [ANALYSIS] “She leans in towards Louis to address him directly, before leaning away and directing her attention elsewhere as he continues to show him that she will not accept the way he is behaving.” However, it is also clear that Kate relishes being a mother and spending time with her children while carrying out her royal duties. According to Mr Stanton, she was seen many times “beaming at Louis” and “sincerely enjoyed seeing him enjoying himself as the festivities played out”. 