State pension errors have been identified within the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). They are currently in the process of being identified and rectified, but have affected some for years. The Department has estimated those impacted were underpaid around £1billion. The issue relates most to widows, divorcees, and women who were reliant upon their husband’s National Insurance record. Errors are thought to date back as far as 1985, however, the DWP has reassured Britons the process has started to rectify the matter. The errors occurred as a result of older pension rules, and a heavy reliance upon manual systems. READ MORE: WASPI hit back at ‘astonishingly arrogant’ DWP The Pension Strategy Computer system was unable to accurately update the Graduated Retirement Benefit - an element of the state pension. The old computer system was first introduced in the 1980s, but continued to be used on a temporary basis, despite being scheduled for shutdown in 2020. Dame Meg Hillier has described the state pension payment system as “clunky” and a “shameful shambles”. Previously, 134,000 instances of underpayment were identified in an exercise. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis explains how pensioners could secure ‘serious money’ [INSIGHT]Falklands war hero, 75, furious as state pension frozen [ANALYSIS]Pensioners urged to get ‘woefully underclaimed’ benefit worth £3,000 [UPDATE] It is estimated the average underpayment for those affected is £8,900. The process is underway to identify any others who have been impacted, and to provide them with the money they are owed. Sir Steve Webb, former pensions minister who is now partner at LCP, told the BBC: “The scale of these errors is truly mind blowing. If the DWP has sat on this secret for decades, it makes you wonder how many other things simply get brushed under the carpet." Sir Steve has previously called for action on the matter, drawing attention to the human cost of the mistakes. The expert has therefore called for Britons to take matters into their own hands. He has suggested that those who think they may be impacted should reach out to the DWP directly to find out more. Chris Eastwood, Co-Founder and Co-CEO at Penfold, said: "Whilst these errors are concerning and incredibly alarming for the millions affected, they are not altogether surprising given the nature of the technology still being used by the Government and industry alike to manage pensions on behalf of the UK public. "At a time when it is more important than ever to prioritise saving for life after work, we need the UK public to trust both the Government and the wider pensions industry to keep their money safe and accurately deploy pension income when the time comes to retire.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea A DWP spokesperson previously told Express.co.uk: “Resolving the historical state pension underpayments that have been made by successive governments is a priority for the department and we are committed to doing so as quickly as possible. “We have set up a dedicated team and devoted significant resources to processing outstanding cases, and have introduced new quality control processes and improved training to help ensure this does not happen again. “Those affected will be contacted by us to ensure they receive all that they are owed.”