Jack Nicklaus believes his fellow golfing great Tiger Woods can win more majors following his epic return to the PGA Tour over the last two months. Woods made a remarkable comeback at the Masters in April, 14 months after suffering severe injuries in a car crash. Following an appearance at Augusta, Woods then followed up with a showing at the second major of the campaign in May at the PGA Championship, but was forced to withdraw after three rounds after the effects of his injuries clearly began to take toll. His withdrawal led to many speculating that Woods’ time on the circuit could well be up, with the golfing great struggling out on the course. His fellow great Nicklaus, though, believes the PGA Tour has not seen the end of Woods, who he believes can still become major champion again on more than one occasion. Nicklaus is the man who has won the most major titles in the sport’s history, having a record 18 to his name. Woods is just behind on 15, however the 82-year-old believes the American can still reach his milestone with another three wins despite his fitness issues. When asked if Tiger could catch his record 18 wins, Nicklaus - who was speaking at this week’ Memorial Tournament - said: “I still think he might. I would never count him out, incidentally, of anything.” JUST IN: Tiger Woods fan in viral PGA Championship photo lands star role in TV ad Woods reiterated after his Augusta return that the rest of his playing career would only be a part-time one, following the effects of the 2021 accident. After appearing in the first two majors, the 82-time PGA Tour winner has also booked in to play at the remaining two - the US Open in June, and the Open Championship in July. Whilst the 46-year-old only booked in his US Open outing over the last few weeks, his return to St Andrews and the Open Championship is one he has had nailed down for some time. Speaking at Augusta - prior to his PGA Championship withdrawal - he confirmed he ‘will be there’ at the famous Old Course, in what he described as his ‘favourite golf course in the world’. DON'T MISSJustin Thomas hits out at PGA Championship over supporter treatmentTiger Woods performance at PGA Championship 'painful to watch'Rory Mcilroy providing 'giddy feeling' at PGA as Paul McGinley make... He told Sky Sports: “I am looking forward to St Andrews. That is something that is near and dear to my heart, and I've won two Opens there. It's the Home of Golf and it's my favourite golf course in the world, so I will be there for that one, but anything in between that, I don't know.” It remains unsure as to whether Woods’ concrete plans have since been affected by his issues at Southern Hills, and whether he might be required to miss the US-based major in order to prioritise his St. Andrews plans. The US Open will of course come first at The Country Club on June 16, with the Open Championship heading to St Andrews one month later on July 14. 