Royal commentator Emily Andrews and historian Tessa Dunlop appeared on Tuesday's instalment of Good Morning Britain to discuss the Duke of Cambridge's 40th birthday. Photographs of Prince William delivering the Big Issue to raise awareness about homelessness were released to mark his birthday. However, ITV presenter Richard Madeley shut down claims the Duke would be able to modernise the monarchy anytime soon. Emily, who thinks Prince William can update the Royal Family, was asked by Richard: "How can he shake up the Royal Family given that he's not going to be the king for ages?"I mean Charles is going to take the throne when the Queen finally exits and he is going to be there for a good while I think as he is a heart man."It's going to be decades before William can do anything so this is all a bit empty isn't it?" READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen Emily replied: "Well, we have the Queen who has reigned for a very long time as you say, and we are going to have Prince Charles who will probably reign for a short time, but then Prince William will reign for a long time." She stressed how she believed William has "already made a difference" and claimed he "is already changing how things are done by the monarchy". Emily said William reacted "really quickly" after he and the Duchess of Cambridge were criticised on their Caribbean tour earlier this year. She thought the Duke made a "landmark" speech at the end of the tour by effectively saying how countries were entitled to their own future if they do not want to be part of the Commonwealth.  "The Queen is really the last imperial ruler and I think Prince William is already set out to do things differently," she added. However, Tessa argued the Royal Family has been "philanthropic" for the last century and highlighted how Prince Charles and the late Prince Phillip had been raising awareness about global warming for decades. "We saw it in the First World War and we have seen it in the Second World War too," she stated. "I would say it is traditional rather than radical," the historian said of William supporting charities. DON'T MISS...Prince William 40th birthday: Queen pays tribute with stunning pics [PICTURES]William's secret phone calls exposed - Duke is 'unusually patient' [INSIGHT]Royal Family 'will be cut to just eight active members' under Charles [LATEST] The debate comes after the Duke, who is second in line to the throne, was pictured with his arm around magazine seller Dave Martin in a photo after he vowed to step up his campaign work to help tackle homelessness. Dave showed William how to sell Big Issue magazines earlier this month as the publication gives an income to people who are homeless. The Big Issue has provided a living for 105,000 vendors who have earned £144million since it launched in 1991. The Duke wrote an article in the publication ahead of his milestone birthday celebrations.  William, who appeared on the front page of the magazine, penned: "So, for my part, I commit to continue doing what I can to shine a spotlight on this solvable issue not just today, but in the months and years to come. “And in the years ahead, I hope to bring George, Charlotte and Louis to see the fantastic organisations doing inspiring work to support those most in need – just as my mother did for me.” As part of his commitment to the cause, the royal promised to introduce his three children to charities in support of rough sleepers. Good Morning Britain continues on weekdays at 6am on ITV.