Atletico Madrid may be set to provide Tottenham a lifeline in their bid to sell outcast Giovanni Lo Celso. The Argentina international is surplus to requirements at Spurs having spent the last six months on loan at Villarreal. The Yellow Submarine had hoped to complete a permanent deal for the midfielder, who helped the club to the Champions League semi-finals and appeared in all 16 of the league matches he was available for. However, the side are struggling to afford the £17 million asking price for the player in a deal labeled ‘very complicated’ by Villarreal Chief Executive Roig Negueroles, leaving the deal potentially in tatters. However, Diego Simeone is said to be a big fan of his international compatriot and may try to bring him to Madrid instead, according to AS. The Argentine also attracted interest from Atletico while he played for Betis but he moved to Tottenham instead. Now, they could be set to go back in for the 26-year-old. Lo Celso has struggled to impress at Tottenham scoring just one goal in the Premier League since signing in a £66 million move from Real Betis in 2019. Antonio Conte was keen to sell the player in order to raise more funds to finance further transfers but this looked in doubt after Negueroles comments. The Villarreal CEO told Radio Vila: “Lo Celso is a player who has been happy here and has made us happy, so we would like to continue together. He’s a Tottenham player and it is a very complicated operation as of now - we’re not even in talks.” The reported interest from Simeone will therefore be music to Conte’s ears as he looks to sell the midfield flop. Tottenham have already signed a replacement for Lo Celso in Brighton's Yves Bissouma. The North London club announced the signing of the midfielder today in a £25 million deal. Spurs have already made a number of signings in addition to the Malian international during the summer. Ivan Perisic and Fraser Forster have both arrived on free transfers from Inter Milan and Southampton respectively. One of the key positions the club would like to recruit during the rest of the window is a left-sided centre back for the back three. Inter's Alessandro Bastoni had been linked with a transfer to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium but his agent last week quashed those reports. RB Leipzig defender Josep Gvardiol is another that has been consistently linked with the club. A romantic return for Christian Eriksen has also been mooted with the Danish international yet to sign a new deal with Brentford after joining the Bees in January. Spurs fans will hope that an agreement for Lo Celso can be reached with either Atletico or Villarreal in order to help the club’s pursuit of other prospective targets.