Columnist Richard Kay has claimed that Prince Andrew believed that his appearance with The Royal Family at Windsor would be his “springboard” back into public life but that, due to efforts of his brother Prince Charles and nephew Prince William, he was effectively banned from the annual Garter Day procession yesterday. The procession takes place every June with participants donning grand ceremonial dress. Two new companions, Tony Blair and Baroness Amos were there, however, Prince Andrew was notably absent. Mr Kay suggested that Prince William may have been so appalled by the idea of Prince Andrew joining the procession that he threatened to pull out of the ceremony. Mr Kay said: “It was only thanks to the combined efforts of his brother Prince Charles and nephew Prince William, who saw the damaging publicity it could provoke, that the Duke of York was effectively barred from taking his place among the assembled knights. “Indeed it was suggested yesterday that William was so alarmed at the prospect of his shamed uncle joining the ceremony – at which former prime minister and the Duchess of Cornwall were being installed in the nation’s oldest order of chivalry – that he warned he might himself pull out. “That such an action could even have been considered illustrates the tensions at the heart of the Royal Family over Andrew’s planned comeback.”  Mr Kay has suggested that the decision must have been made at the “11th-hour” as Prince Andrew’s name appeared on the order of service. Palace insiders have described the move as a “family decision”. Mr Kay has suggested that the fact that Prince Andrew aimed to join the official procession at all suggested that he lacks “self-awareness” and that his lack of penance shows “no hope of redemption”. Mr Kay said: “Even more incredible is the notion that Andrew could be so devoid of self-awareness that he believed such a move, which reportedly included his demand for his royal status as a blood prince to be restored, would be acceptable.” While other public figures may show remorse or throw themselves into charity work, no such moves have been seen from Prince Andrew, according to Kay.  READ MORE: Prince Louis set to have a different education from siblings Writing for The Daily Mail, he said: “From Andrew, however, there has been no sign of penance, no move to throw himself into humble charity work and thus no hope of redemption.” Just five months ago Prince Andrew was stripped of all his military titles and patronages following a decision by a US judge rejecting his move to have a sex abuse case thrown out of court. Prince Andrew then paid an estimated £12million to settle the civil case brought by Virginia Giuffre. It is not an admission of guilt. He has repeatedly denied any claims of misconduct. Prince Andrew is notably close to the Queen, he was long considered to be a royal favourite and may be trying to use this to his advantage, according to Kay. However, Her Majesty backed her son and grandson’s decision to bar Prince Andrew from taking part in the Garter Day celebrations.  DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry photo ban bitter pill to swallow' [REPORT]Royal Marine Falklands guard recalls how POWs 'wept’ when war was lost [INSIGHT]Brexit LIVE: Remoaners humiliated as UK exports to EU hit record high [LIVE] My Kay said: “Although sympathetic to Andrew’s predicament, the Queen backed Charles and William’s judgement over both the Jubilee, where the duke originally had only a limited role – only for it to be cut short when he contracted Covid – and the Garter ceremony. “But Andrew is agitating for a return. And he knows that his special advantage, in the shape of his relationship with the Queen, cannot last forever.” Mr Kay says that one solution to the “Andrew issue” which is being floated is to move the Prince to Balmoral Castle where he could become “factor” or manager there. However, Prince Andrew reportedly is reluctant to leave Windsor and wants to be a part of his young grandchildren's’ lives. Mr Kay quoted an aide who said: “The problem with Andrew is that he has never got over the fact that he was once second in the line of succession and now he’s not.” 