Eating a balanced diet is sometimes easier said than done. Sometimes we're not in the mood to eat certain foods on a specific diet plan and soon enough, the cravings come creeping in. However, there are certain food groups that can have a positive impact on a person's mood and wellbeing, which has a knock-on effect on their nutritional and fitness goals in the long run. Expert nutrition at MuscleFood Vic Coppin, suggests a person's food choices can impact their attitudes towards everything in daily life. "The best thing that you can do to positively impact your mood with food, is to eat a balanced diet," she said. "[This should] include a variety of all food groups and plenty of vitamins and minerals, which will ensure you’re getting the right nutrients to facilitate a better mood pattern." READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake To highlight the importance of mood boosting food groups that will motivate people to lose weight, get fitter and tone up, Vic suggests an easy-to-follow guide. Fatty fish such as salmon Dark chocolate Bananas Oats Berries Beans and lentils. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Vitamin B B vitamins help make sure the body's cells are functioning properly. They also help the body convert food into energy (metabolism), create new blood cells, and maintain healthy skin cells, brain cells, and other body tissues. Vic explained: "Vitamin B is a core micronutrient to include in your diet daily to promote brain function and help to boost your mood. "You can find this vitamin in sources such as dairy, eggs, red meats, poultry, fish and some dark green leafy vegetables." Vitamin D In the UK, sunlight is often a rare treat so many people resort to a supplement to get their daily dose. The expert also recommends incorporating vitamin D rich food into your diet to compensate She said: "You can also find vitamin D in some food sources such as egg yolks, salmon, sardines and cod liver oil, as well as some plant milks and yoghurts which are fortified with it." UK Government guidelines recommend to take 10 micrograms daily throughout the winter months and also the summer if a person finds themselves inside frequently. The macronutrient carbohydrate can be found in a variety of everyday foods such as oats, fruits, vegetables, and grains. They have been proven to boost the brain's release of serotonin - a chemical that helps you feel calm and satisfied. "Eating a balanced amount of this food group within your diet, regularly throughout the day can help to control and manage blood sugar levels (energy) throughout the day," Vic advised. "Keeping energy levels consistent, with minimal peaks and dips is important for controlling a constant good mood. "If you are missing meals and leaving large gaps between feeds, and then opting for something very high in sugar (carbohydrates) and not much else, you will find your mood may go from one extreme to the other."