Fewer than one in five trains across the country are running today (Tuesday 21) and the London Underground has effectively been shut down after thousands of rail workers walked out in the biggest rail strike in 30 years. The first of three national rail strikes has disrupted the journeys of millions of people across England, Scotland and Wales. The RMT strike involves 40,000 Network Rail staff - including signallers, maintenance and train staff - and 13 train operators. The mass walk-out has left millions of commuters who are unable to work from home to drive or take buses, leaving roads in many areas gridlocked. National Highways England issued over 50 traffic alerts during rush hour, 9 of which were severe. Gridlocked roads including the M54 eastbound, where drivers faced queues of around 20 minutes, and the A38 northbound, where traffic caused delays of roughly 30 minutes. Drivers also faced heavy traffic on the A19, A404 and M56, while city centres across the country were busier than usual. There was particularly bad congestion in London where most underground services have also been suspended after London Underground workers also went on strike in a separate dispute over pensions and job losses. There are also 10,000 RMT union members from the London Underground taking part in the action.  Congestion in the capital at rush hour increased to 98 percent from 77 percent last week, according to TomTom. Congestion in Liverpool jumped to 55 percent from 48 percent a week previous, and rose by 7 percent in Newcastle. Commuters in London who could not travel by car faced long queues for buses or sky-high Uber fares, with the taxi app hiking prices due to a spike in demand. One furious Londoner was videoed standing in the middle of the road to block an oncoming bus and demanding it let passengers on as tempers flared. The Mayor of London Sadiq Khan described the Tube and rail strikes as “incredibly frustrating” and said he hopes the unions, Transport for London (TfL) and the government resolve their differences in an amicable way. He told BBC Radio London: “Nobody wants strikes. Businesses don't want strikes, Londoners don't want strikes.” He added: “I cycled into work today and I saw the traffic on the roads and just imagine how difficult it is for fire engines, buses, ambulances.” Millions more workers who are able to work from home have been advised to do so, leaving train stations across the country eerily deserted. Network Rail chief Andrew Haines said an empty Waterloo station was like a “wasteland”. He said: “It's like the darkest days of Covid.”  READ MORE: Train strikes force passenger to get £100 Uber home from night shift  Around 40,000 members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union voted to walk out this week amid a bitter dispute over pay, jobs and working conditions. Two more strikes are planned for Thursday and Saturday. Network Rail has said it is “profoundly sorry” for the inconvenience to passengers, while the head of the RMT union says much “negotiation” on reaching a compromise lies ahead. RMT boss Mick Lynch joined the picket outside London’s Euston Station on Tuesday morning after talks to avoid the industrial action failed last night. Speaking to BBC Radio 4’s Today Programme, he said workers do not want to cause disruption but that the union wants to be able to “negotiate freely” with train operators and Network Rail. Prime Minister Boris Johnson has described the rail strikes as “unnecessary aggravation” and has urged unions to sit down with rail companies to “get on with it”. Mr Johnson also said commuters must “stay the course” as reforms were “in the interest of the travelling public... but also in the interests of the railways, of railway workers and their families”. Speaking to BBC Breakfast this morning, Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said he does not meet with unions, as he described calls for him to join them around the negotiating table as a "stunt".  He said: “I don't typically meet with them because it's a red herring. If I thought there was a one in a million chance it would make a slightest bit of difference of course I would do so at the drop of the hat. DON'T MISS:Shapps on brink over 'bizarre' rail strike strategy [LATEST]Commuters in misery as they’re stuck in ‘nightmarish’ strike chaos [BREAKING]‘Not a pay rise’: Teaching staff defend rail unions in strike chaos [LIVE]  “The reality is they're using it as a camouflage for the fact they've walked out of the talks that they should be in with their employers. “I don't meet with them because that's the job of the employers and the employers do meet with them and this is a stunt by the trade unions.” The RMT union says rail companies want to cut thousands of jobs as part of a £2bn reduction in spending. It says workers have been seeing real-terms pay cuts and now face a cost-of-living crisis. The RMT is asking for a 7 percent pay rise and has rejected an offer of 2 percent with a further 1 percent tied to job cuts. The union believes the government put pressure on Network Rail not to exceed a pay increase of 3 percent because of the precedent this might set and the risk of inflation. Network Rail chief Andrew Haines has insisted that the government had not had a hand in the company’s pay offer. Speaking to the BBC on Monday, the RMT’s general secretary Mr Lynch said that Network Rail’s refusal to go above 3 percent was coming from Mr Shapps’ department, adding “the dead hand of this Tory government is all over this dispute”. 