Susanna Reid has been on our TV screens since the early 2000s, and over the years fans have been in awe of her ageless appearance, including her weight loss. And it turns out, there are only a few very simple tricks she follows to stay in shape. The Good Morning Britain presenter revealed she dropped an impressive stone and a half since the beginning of the pandemic, admitting she fell victim to the second national lockdown "slump". And after visiting her doctor about skin problems, she was left shocked when she was told she was at the top end of the BMI range for her height and should lose some weight. But by making small changes to her diet and lifestyle, Susanna managed to shed the pounds in bulk. So how did she do it? READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake The telly star revealed her busy work schedule meant she found herself eating more. With GMB going live at 6am, Susanna has to be up at around 4am, and these very early morning starts were taking a toll. "[Hunger] can creep up without you noticing," she explained. "I found waking up so early in the morning you're in a sort of energy deficit." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] She added: "All your body can think is have toast, have biscuits, have calories, and you can pile [weight] on really quickly." Many people may think snacking on little bits here and there won't hurt, but they can actually add a lot of calories to a person's daily tally. Too much snacking can reduce hunger at meal times or cause people to skip a meal entirely. This can increase the risk of losing out on important nutrients. Fans know that Susanna gave up drinking heavily at the end of 2018 and hasn't looked back since. Admitting she hasn't been "completely abstemious when it comes to alcohol," Susanna has mostly binned the booze. She said in 2019: "Seven months on my skin isn't perfect but it's clearer. And so is my head. I am sleeping better. "I don’t have hangxiety. I don’t miss for a minute that feeling of fizzing in your body in the morning, which meant I couldn’t quite relax the day after a big night." She added that her then co-host Piers Morgan, thought she was a "bore" but it wasn't going to change her mind about booze. "Piers Morgan thinks I’ve become the world’s biggest bore since I no longer want to stay up into the small hours fuelled by shots," she giggled. While exercise is a good way to shift any unwanted weight, Susanna admitted that she doesn't do much when it comes to getting her body moving. She said: "Actually I don't do any exercise at all. "I stopped going to the gym, I found it made me too hungry." "I've levelled out, I lost a stone-and-a-half and that's enough, and I don't go to the gym," the ITV star said. Current guidelines recommend at least 150 minutes of aerobic activity per week in order to stay healthy. But it is important to do what's best for a person, as some find smaller changes are more effective for them than sudden major lifestyle overhauls.