Neymar has been offered to Barcelona for the bargain price of just £43million, according to reports in Spain. The Brazil international controversially quit the Nou Camp for the Parc des Princes back in the summer transfer window of 2017. And, five years on, a sensational move back to Catalonia from PSG could be on the cards. Neymar was a huge hit during his first spell at Barcelona, firing them to two La Liga titles as well as the Champions League crown under Luis Enrique. However, he rocked the Catalan giants when he decided to quit for PSG back in the summer transfer window of 2017. Since then, Neymar has come close to returning. In 2019 he wanted to leave PSG for the Nou Camp, only for Barcelona to end up using the bulk of their budget on landing Antoine Griezmann from Atletico Madrid instead. Now, though, El Chiringuito via Sport say that Barcelona have been offered the chance to re-sign Neymar for just £43m. Super-agent Pini Zahavi has apparently put this option on the table, with the representative also in charge of Robert Lewandowski’s future. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Lewandowski wants to join Barcelona and they’re keen on the Poland international, who struck 49 goals as Bayern Munich won the Bundesliga title last term. Yet with Barcelona struggling to land the veteran, Zahavi has now pitched the prospect of Neymar returning to his old side. It’s claimed the Samba star would ‘see with good eyes’ the chance to play for the Blaugrana, who finished second to Real Madrid in the La Liga table last term. Neymar would not consider any other option, too. But it is said that Barcelona, for now, do not consider the 30-year-old to be a target with Lewandowski very much their priority. Neymar has also been linked with a move to Chelsea, who are managed by former PSG boss Thomas Tuchel. Yet his preference appears to be a return to Barcelona, who are hoping to challenge for the big trophies under Xavi next term. Neymar and Lewandowski aren’t the only signings Xavi is hoping to make this summer as he looks to bring the glory days back to the Nou Camp. Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie are both waiting to be registered, having agreed to join on free transfers from Chelsea and AC Milan respectively. Barcelona also want Blues duo Marcos Alonso and Cesar Azpilicueta, having reportedly struck verbal agreements with both players. And they’ve been put forward as potential suitors for Kalidou Koulibaly and Jules Kounde, particularly after it emerged Gerard Pique won’t be a guaranteed starter next term. Barcelona chief Joan Laporta, speaking last month, flirted with the idea of Neymar returning to the club. However, he also fired shots at the PSG star by saying: "Who doesn't love Neymar? He's exceptional player. “But all these players to return to Barca one day should come for free. "Players who have signed for clubs like PSG, have almost signed their slavery. For money.” Earlier this year, meanwhile, Neymar insisted he was happy that his return to Barcelona three years ago didn’t materialise. “When I made the decision to leave PSG, it wasn't because of a fan or a club,” he said. “It's because I saw that I felt better elsewhere. “I never did anything against the PSG fans, nor against the club itself. It was never that. “It's the opposite. I am very grateful, we are on the same side, we defend the same shirt. I am here to help.”