Helmut Marko has suggested that Pierre Gasly will not be able to find a better option than AlphaTauri if he decides to leave the Red Bull family at the end of the season. Gasly has made no secret of his desire to earn a second chance at Red Bull after he was dropped at the end of a lacklustre six-month spell on their books in 2019, but now appears to have no future with the team after Sergio Perez was given a new and improved contract earlier this month. The situation has raised plenty of questions over Gasly's long-term prospects on the grid and whether he will seek to leave AlphaTauri in search of a new challenge in advance of next season. Marko believes that Gasly may struggle to find a better seat elsewhere, though, if he is ultimately released from his contract before it expires at the end of 2023."Before the signing, of course, I spoke to Gasly, explained the situation to him and, yes, we’ll just have to see what happens with Gasly after 2023," Marko told Formel1.de."What would be the alternative? I don’t think there is any alternative for him at the moment that would be significantly better than AlphaTauri." JUST IN: Red Bull think they’ve fixed Verstappen issue after 'painful lessons' It remains to be seen whether Gasly would be able to find a better team to join if he opts to cut ties with Red Bull and AlphaTauri in the not-too-distant future. He will be desperate to avoid going down the same route as Daniel Ricciardo, who has struggled to impress since leaving Red Bull to join Renault back in 2019 before moving again to McLaren at the start of last year.Gasly remains one of the best-performing midfield drivers on the grid, though, and would surely have no shortage of admirers if he manages to find a way out of the Red Bull family before the expiry of his current deal in 2023. Ex-F1 driver Marc Surer recently suggested that Gasly may be primed to succeed at either McLaren or Alpine, especially if the French team decide to get rid of Esteban Ocon in the near future. "I always thought Pierre Gasly would get another shot at Red Bull, but Red Bull had to take action after Barcelona because with Perez it became clear that they have a driver who can really score points and support the team," Surer told Motorsport.com."They have always struggled with the absence of such a driver in the past. Now that Pierre couldn’t get the seat, he should look around anyway."I think McLaren might be a good option for him, but it would make sense to me that he went to Alpine. I think we can all agree that Gasly is better than Esteban Ocon." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE