On Tuesday, viewers watched the latest episode of NBC’s acclaimed competition series, America’s Got Talent. As a number of applicants took to the stage, fans were taken aback by 10-year-old Harper Akudama who shocked the audience with a memorable performance.  The third episode of season 17 saw the judges return to uncover performers who think they have what it takes to win the show. A number of acts including magicians, singers, dancers and stunt performers took to the stage to impress the judges in an effort to progress to the next round. So far only saxophonist Avery Dixon, vocalists Maddison Baez and Sara James have received the golden buzzer, which progressed them straight to the live shows. In the most recent episode, when 10-year-old Harper Akudama appeared on stage, viewers were left with their jaws dropped after she revealed she would sing. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes stunned as MP cuts interview short The panel wished the British youngster luck after she revealed she was nervous. As Howie Mendel was missing from the judging panel, Heidi Klum invited Harper’s father Jake to take his seat and watch the audition together. When the music kicked both the judges and the audience were left puzzled as they heard heavy metal and Harper performing screamo style. Fans watching from home were also shocked by the youngster and took to Twitter where they shared their reactions.  A surprised @SmarterBeauty09 wrote: “Holy crap this girl on [America’s Got Talent] was doing Metal was NOT expecting that lol.” Another fan @vorrtehx added: “This girl straight up screaming heavy metal on [America’s Got Talent] was the fire I needed in my life.” An impressed @Pepper_Sprout_ tweeted: “Okay this young girl doing metal on [America’s Got Talent] is awesome. Good to see young folks embracing.” While @MCmatt8153 remarked: “It was incredible! Spot on!” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Kim Tate's new lover unveiled after split from Will [THEORY]Jordan Banjo of Diversity rubbishes Britain’s Got Talent 'fix' claims [INSIGHT]BGT winner Axel Blake slaps down 'fix' row over Amazon special [INSIGHT] Although Harper garnered an overwhelming amount of positive feedback, there were also comments from viewers who couldn’t digest the performance. This included @Jamaica658 who wrote: “That was a hot mess her father really took her all this way for that smh they really gave her a standing ovation?” @Tvpoll_rtfav2 shared: ”That was terrible! They were afraid to buzz cause her dad was at the table! anyone can scream, had this been a middle-aged adult they’d be buzzed!” Despite this, Harper received a standing ovation from the audience and the judges, including her father. The judges were left speechless and passed the commentary on to her father who said: “I love it, I’m so proud.” By the end of it, Harper received three yeses and was through to the next round of auditions. Ahead of America’s Got Talent’s return to screens, the judges and host Terry Crews were guests on the Kelly Clarkson show, where Simon had hinted at Harper’s performance. He disclosed: “The second most terrifying was a girl who was ten years old. “I won’t give it away but I thought she was very sweet until she started to sing and I actually called for a priest.” America’s Got Talent is available in the US on NBC. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 