Tyson Fury has revealed he is considering returning to the ring to face either Mike Tyson or one of the Klitschko brothers in an exhibition fight. The Gypsy King had initially claimed that his fight against Dillian Whyte, which he won at Wembley Stadium in April, would be his last. “Every time you wake up it’s a fight because you’re fighting to survive,” Fury said this week. “Every day I get out of bed it’s a fight, whether I’m fighting in the boxing ring or fighting in life. Whatever you’re fighting for, whatever your cause is, it’s never easy. “I’m hoping to do some exhibitions and things like that, I’ve got some big stuff coming up at the end of the year, so we’re looking forward to that. But you never say never to getting back into the ring - it’s not like I’m 52. I’m 33 years old - I can come back whenever if I wanted to. “For now, I’m happily contented, and I might do a few exhibitions, Mike Tyson or one of the Klitschkos, someone like that, the showbiz and entertainment stuff. It’s something people are interested in these days.” READ MORE: Joshua ‘on the brink of joining DAZN’ as contract details emerge  Fury fought Wladimir Klitschko in 2015 and was deemed the winner after a unanimous points decision, but has never faced his brother Vitali or former undisputed world heavyweight champion Tyson. The Gypsy King, meanwhile, has also hinted he would return to the ring for a fight against the winner of the rematch between Oleksandr Usyk and Anthony Joshua. “You can never say never to anything,” the Gypsy King replied when asked about the prospect of a unification bout. Fury retained his WBC heavyweight world championship with a technical knockout win over Whyte earlier this year after he stopped his opponent with a stunning uppercut in the sixth round. And he later said: “I promised my lovely wife, Paris, of 14 years, after the [Deontay] Wilder 3 fight that would be it and I meant it. DON'T MISSFury responds to rumours he is in talks to face Joshua vs Usyk winner [COMMENTS]Chisora would've ‘smashed house’ and 'robbed' students AJ threatened [NEWS]Hatton thinks Fury will unretire due to 'boils on backside' [ANALYSIS]   “I had a war, it was a great trilogy and I meant that but I got offered to fight at Wembley at home and I believed that I owed it to the fans, I owed it to every person in the United Kingdom to come here and fight at Wembley. “Now it's all done, I have to be a man of my word and I think this is it, this might be the final curtain for the Gypsy King and what a way to go out.” 