Gardening expert Alan Titchmarsh has shared another video on his Instagram account. Earlier this week, the gardening expert shared a video on how to keep pests away from hostas. Slugs and snails love to munch on hostas which are known for their lush, green foliage. Slugs are more active when temperatures are above 10C and when there is a good amount of moisture from rain or water. The 73-year-old shared his “answer” to keeping slugs and snails away from hostas which is to add “pot feet” to containers and keep them dry. He captioned his video: “Pot feet and a dry spring are the answer to the question ‘Why don’t your hosta leaves have holes in them?’ “Wet springs and easy access to the emerging buds suit slugs and snails much better!” READ MORE: Cleaning: I used a 13p fruit to remove limescale from my kettle In the video, Alan is showing his followers his hosta plant. The container plant has been raised slightly off the ground using to feet. Alan has planted his hosta in a terracotta pot, and the plant appears to be thriving with lots of green foliage. The gardening expert’s video received more than 3,200 likes and a plethora of comments from fans who shared their own hacks for keeping slugs and snails at bay.  DON'T MISSInterior: ‘Biggest’ kitchen trends to avoid - ‘overdone and dated' [INSIGHT]Cleaning: How to remove rust from radiators - ‘easiest’ tip [UPDATE]Alan Titchmarsh shares best way to keep 'weeds down' in veg patch [ANALYSIS] Instagram user Jason Norman said: “Copper tape is working well for me.” Another user called Sue replied: “I use milk bottle tops from two litre cartons of milk (mine are green as milk is semi-skimmed) to raise my pots. “You can’t see them but they help the pots drain and cost nothing! Re-purposing!” Social media user @mulberrylife commented on the post: “Great idea. I use corks for my manageable pots. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “The larger ones are on wheels. So far so good. “Although my sage and parsley is getting eaten rapidly. “I use wool, and haven’t seen any slugs since I put it down but they’re still being eaten. Going to have to move them.” Jules Nowobilska said: “Wool pellets around the base is working reasonably well for mine!  “My garden is full of slugs and snails, after a rain last week there were 15 just cruising across the lawn in the morning!?” Helen Williams replied: “I’ve got a garden full of hostas. No slugs. “Stop feeding the birds now and they eat them all! “Plus I put shredded bark around the base.”