Rocketing living costs have been significantly impacting Briton’s home improvement plans, a new survey by Experian revealed. The survey found over half of UK homeowners that took part are planning a renovation for 2022, with one in 10 stating their decision to do so was largely driven by concerns about how they’ll pay their energy bills this winter. But if you don’t have thousands of pounds of savings in the bank, how might it be possible to revamp your property? Over one in ten survey respondents said they’d be using credit to pay for renovations, however, it’s important to be aware of what this option stipulates and how to utilise means already out there to reduce the financial burden. A mere 12 percent of those surveyed were aware of the financial support available to improve household energy efficiency. Government grants, such as the Boiler Upgrade Scheme, which provide discounts for certain green renovations are available for eligible households upon application. However, for the third of Experian survey respondents looking to spruce up their homes to add value and improve their mood, grants aren’t as readily available. James Jones, head of consumer affairs at Experian told Express.co.uk: “As the cost-of-living crisis continues to squeeze families, households are being forced to tightly budget.  READ MORE:Energy crisis horror as households fork out more than £500m  “If you're planning to borrow the money for your refurb, make sure you do your homework. “Use a comparison service, such as on the Experian website, to shop around and check your eligibility for credit before you apply. “You should also, of course, make sure you have a clear repayment plan in place." For those considering credit to finance home renovations, Mr Jones told Express.co.uk the key steps to consider. Credit eligibility provides an idea of how likely you are to be approved for a specific credit deal, based on how your credit information matches up with the lender's criteria. Mr Jones said: “There is a way of checking your eligibility before you apply for credit – and without affecting your credit score.  “You'll see your eligibility rating for individual credit cards and personal loans when you compare them with Experian and other comparison sites. “This rating indicates your chances of getting approved for a specific offer. Your score won't be affected, because comparing deals only leaves a soft credit search on your report, which lenders can't see.” There are several different types of loans you can take out, including personal loans, secured loans, and guarantor loans. But which is best for financing your home improvements? Mr Jones said: “It often depends on how much you need to borrow and what your finances are like. “Personal loans are a way of borrowing money without having to offer any security in return. DON'T MISS:The 5 kitchen appliances pushing your energy bills up and how to fix [EXPLAINED]'Unfit for UK homes' Boiler Upgrade Scheme explained [ANALYSIS]Homeowners reject heat pumps as PM's plan backfires [INSIGHT]     “The bank lends you the money and you promise to make payments every month (with interest) until the loan is repaid in full.” However, if you’re planning a larger project, such as a kitchen extension or a bigger insulation project, Mr Jones said a secured loan could help. Mr Jones said: “In addition to allowing you to borrow larger sums, banks and lenders often allow you to repay the loan over a longer period of time. “Finally, if you have bad credit, a guarantor can help you get approved for a loan and you won’t have to use your home as security. However, your guarantor must be able to pay your debt if you can’t, which could put you in an awkward situation.” If you're financing a relatively small home improvement project, you could use a credit card to pay. Mr Jones said: “The pros of using a credit card to finance a renovation is that they are readily accessible if you have a good to excellent credit score and depending on the card, you may earn rewards for credit card spending. “However, it is worth noting that you may not qualify for a credit limit high enough to completely finance your project, and credit card interest rates can be much higher than other options.”  A repayment plan is a way to pay back a loan over an extended period of time, generally by making fixed monthly payments. Mr Jones said: “It’s really important to think about how you’ll be able to manage this so you don’t get yourself in tricky circumstances of unmanageable debt. “You might want to consider a balance transfer card if you’ve borrowed money, as these typically offer a 0 percent interest rate for a set period, which may last up to 30 months. “You may also be able to reduce the amount you’re currently spending on interest by moving debts from your existing credit card(s) to a 0 percent balance transfer card.”  Mr Jones said: “If you can’t get the credit you want then it’s likely you need to take steps to improve your credit score.” A credit score is a number that shows lenders how good you’ve been at keeping up to date with payments when you’ve borrowed money. Lenders use the score, and other information they have about you, to decide whether they want to lend you money. If you’re unaware of your credit score, use a credit reference agency, like Experian, to calculate it. They can quickly gather your credit history, pulling information on the types of accounts you’ve had, late payments, and overall debts to provide you with a figure. For ways to improve your credit score, you can find some tips here. 