The Countess of Wessex, who is married to the Queen’s son Prince Edward, spoke at a public event about a sinister symptom of menopause that many women also experience: brain fog. While marking her royal patronage of the Wellbeing of Women’s charity last year, she said: “You suddenly can’t remember what on earth it was you were talking about. “Try being on an engagement when that happens. “Your words just go. And you’re standing there going, ‘Hang on, I thought I was a reasonably intelligent person'. What has just happened to me?” The Countess isn’t alone in experiencing the devastating symptoms of memory loss during menopause. READ MORE: Monkeypox: UK cases spike by 69% - how to ‘avoid’ getting the infection Studies have found that 60 percent of middle-aged women have experienced issues related to concentration and cognition. “It’s like someone has just gone and taken your brain out for however long before they pop it back in again, and you try and pick up the pieces and carry on,” she added. At the event, the royal also argued that society needs to rethink menopause and view it as a “liberation”. “Really, we should be celebrating the fact that we don’t have to have periods anymore,” she said. DON'T MISSType 2 diabetes: Craving three types of food is a sign [ADVICE]Lionel Richie health: Singer on mysterious illness [INSIGHT]Cancer warning: Three supplements increasing risk [ADVICE] “It should be a liberation. But it feels like it’s a shackle. Because it’s been described as something that’s incredibly negative.” Women have been known to experience over 34 symptoms during menopause, both physical and mental, which can affect their ability to work. These include: hot flushes, where women experience sudden feelings of heat or cold in the face, which can make them dizzy; difficulty sleeping due to night sweats; and, muscle aches and joint pains. It is thought by scientists that the problems with memory are linked to a drop in the hormone oestrogen which is known to protect the brain and improve thinking and memory. Recent estimates by the healthcare company Bupa imply nearly one million women have quit their jobs because of menopause symptoms. “Women having to leave the workplace because of menopause is tragic,” Sophie Wessex said during a virtual event for the Wellbeing of Women’s charity. "We are fabulous in our 40s, and we are even more fabulous in our 50s, 60s and 70s and we need to celebrate that and keep opportunities going for women.” Symptoms of menopause can be eased through lifestyle changes, such as doing regular physical exercise. Scientists think exercise can help with memory loss symptoms. Cutting back on "bad" fats may also be a beneficial choice. Diets high in bad LDL cholesterol can be detrimental for your heart and brain. However, many women also take hormone replacement therapy to replace any hormones at low levels, such as oestrogen. “HRT is a safe and effective treatment for most going through menopause and perimenopause. Your GP will discuss any risks with you,” states the NHS. 