 Liverpool and Real Madrid’s Champions League final on Saturday, May 28, was delayed by 36 minutes following concerns over the safety of fans at the Stade de France, Paris. Supporters were seen outside a locked gate at the stadium and footage showed French police using tear gas and pepper spray to control crowds. French Interior Minister Gérald Darmanin claimed that "massive, industrial-scale" ticket fraud caused Liverpool fans to arrive en masse with 30,000 to 40,000 supporters arriving without valid tickets. He also said that from approximately 30 arrests made at the stadium, “more than half concerned British citizens”. Mr Darmanin defended the police's actions and said: “The decisions taken prevented deaths or serious injury.” He added: “We regret a disorganisation in the admission of British supporters.” However, French officials disagree with Mr Darmanin’s views on the treatment of Liverpool fans and MEPs have called for Mr Macron to apologise. France Jamet, MEP for Rassemblement National, said: “The French government dares to blame the English fans to hide the fact that it is now incapable of organising an international event without our scum turning it into chaos. What a shame for France!” And Rassemblement National MEP Nicolas Bay said: “Gérald Darmanin is lying when he explains that the outbursts are the fault of the British fans. “It is enough to see the images to understand that the culprits are not really British.” In response, Express.co.uk readers were asked whether they thought Mr Macron needed to apologise. In a poll that ran from 9am on Tuesday, May 31, to 1pm on Wednesday, June 1, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Macron apologise to British over horrendous treatment of Liverpool fans?” A total of 1,197 people responded with the overwhelming majority – 93 percent (1,113 people) – answering “yes”, Mr Macron should apologise. A further seven percent (83 people) said “no”, he should not, while just one person said they did not know either way. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article with readers sharing their thoughts on the handling of fans at the Stade de France. Many commenced that Mr Macron needed to apologise with one reader, username bigbucks writing: “Yes he should.” Username The EU said: “Absolutely – the treatment of fans was disgraceful. UEFA need to apologise too.” UEFA issued a statement which said: “UEFA is sympathetic to those affected by these events and will further review these matters urgently together with the French police and authorities, and with the French Football Federation.” Another, username Davew5555 said: “Yes he should apologise but there were problems at Wembley at the Euros final last year in London.” The Euro 2020 final between Italy and England at Wembley Stadium in July last year also saw issues with ticketless fans and clashes with police. DON'T MISSMacron backlash: Ministers branded 'disgrace' for 'state lies' over Champions League final [ANALYSIS]Sky News host rages at Australia PM demanding Queen ousted 'Should be grateful!' [VIDEO]Olaf Scholz loses grip in EU as Eastern Europe turns away over Ukraine war policies [LATEST] Other readers thought that Mr Macron did not need to apologise for the treatment of Liverpool fans. Username Montag said: “No, it doesn’t have anything to do with him.” And username RayDevitt1 said: “Maybe if the English football fans had a better reputation abroad this would not have happened.” Liverpool FC said it was “hugely disappointed” by the treatment of its fans in Paris. The club said: “Supporters should not have to experience the scenes we have witnessed tonight. “We have officially requested a formal investigation into the causes of these unacceptable issues.”