Richard Palmer, royal correspondent for the Daily Express, said it was “interesting” to see Meghan Markle and Prince Harry “sitting behind” the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester at St Paul’s cathedral last Friday given how “fairly junior” the latter couple are within the Royal Family. He said that while the Gloucesters “deserve that recognition”, to see the Sussexes sitting behind them was peculiar as the couple is “still click gold for internet sites”,    Mr Palmer said: “Harry and Meghan were literally seated in the second row with the second rank of royals. It was an interesting way to do it. “They put the working royals in the front seats. So, Harry and Meghan found themselves sitting behind the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, who, with the best will in the world, are fairly junior members of the family these days. “But of course, they have assisted the Queen for those 70 years of her reign, so they played a very important part and did quite a lot of the heavy lifting. They deserve that recognition. “But it was a slightly incongruous sight to see the Sussexes, who of course are still click gold for internet sites, they are so divisive that they create a lot of interest.”    Ms Markle and Prince Harry’s attendance at the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee was heavily anticipated after they confirmed their attendance at the start of May. A frenzy of royal commentators cursed them to the shadows, imploring the couple not to steal the limelight from the Queen. However, upon their arrival, their appearances, especially those of a public nature, were few and far between. They were seen on Thursday at the Trooping the Colour but in an unofficial capacity. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's status in US dealt blow [REVEAL]   Unsolicited photographs captured them watching the ceremony from the Major General’s Office, Horse Guards Parade speaking to the Duke of Kent, and joking with some of the royal children. They were not permitted onto the balcony that day either, which was reserved for working royals. The couple’s first public appearance happened a day later at St Paul’s Cathedral, though they skipped the subsequent reception at Guildhall. The pair were allegedly booed as they arrived and were seated on the second row, behind a number of royals over which they had previously enjoyed status. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry and William's relationship 'still frosty' after reunion [INSIGHT]Royal fans back Kate & William over Lilibet's party absence [REPORT]Prince Harry 'happy to be relegated to a second-tier royal'[REVEAL]   But the Sussexes did meet up with the Queen in a private gathering of friends and family at Windsor Castle on Saturday. It was Lilibet Mountbatten-Windsor’s first birthday, for which a photo of her in a blue dress with a white lace headband was later released on Monday. The family reportedly spent the night at the royal estate with the monarch, who was meeting her great-granddaughter for the first time. It is believed they watched the Party at the Palace together before leaving the country the following day.   