Daniel Ricciardo is set to follow in the footsteps of Lewis Hamilton by picking up a TV producing role for Disney-backed streaming service Hulu. Seven-time World Champion Hamilton has already entered the industry producing a Formula One movie starring Brad Pitt for Apple. Ricciardo will be helping the streaming giant to develop a half an hour-long television show that will be set within the world of Formula One. The programme is yet to be developed much beyond this premise at the moment with no title being decided and a writer yet to be found. The company behind the show is Lionsgate, who will work on the programme for Hulu. The corporation is one of the biggest broadcasting companies in the world responsible for over 70 shows on 25 different channels in the US and Canada. Ricciardo will join Mercedes driver Hamilton in entering the world of television production. The Briton is currently helping Apple work on a Formula One movie starring the likes of Hollywood legend Pitt. The movie will be directed by Joseph Kolinski who is fresh from his success leading Top Gun: Maverick. The film is also yet to receive a title but Apple has said the American will star as “a driver who comes out of retirement to compete alongside a rookie driver and the titans of the sport." Hamilton will therefore be expected to pass on his expertise from his time in the sport to help Apple create a more authentic and enjoyable product. READ MORE: Toto Wolff 'fed up' with Lewis Hamilton with Mercedes chief 'thinking' of replacing star Hamilton’s film will be Formula One’s first foray onto the big screen since the huge success of ‘Rush’ in 2013. The critically acclaimed movie dramatised the 1976 title battle between fierce rivals Niki Lauda and James Hunt. Hamilton and Ricciardo’s move into the broadcasting world highlights the sport’s growth in popularity in recent years, especially since Drive to Survive was released on Netflix. The Australian is one of the most popular stars on the show which debuted in March 2019. It was praised for letting fans of the sport see the human side of the drivers, particularly those who do not usually compete at the front of the grid. The popularity of other drivers like Carlos Sainz, Alexander Albon and Pierre Gasly has grown dramatically as a result. DON'T MISSToto Wolff singled out for Lewis Hamilton woes at Mercedes this year [INSIGHT]Sir Jackie Stewart wants Lewis Hamilton to 'resign' from F1 [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton and George Russell set for testing boost due to rule [ANALYSIS] Formula One is now on track to collate over one billion fans worldwide by the end of the year. The latest foray of the sport’s biggest stars into the world of television will only help grow it even more.