On Monday, viewers tuned in to watch the first episode of Sherwood, a BBC drama which portrays two real-life murders that shook the Nottinghamshire mining village of Annesley Woodhouse back in 2004. The six-part drama looks at the murder cases which at the time, sparked a massive manhunt in Nottinghamshire. Sherwood will also see how the tragic killings threatened to inflame historic divisions which triggered the Miners' Strike three decades before. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press in a Q&A, show creator James, who grew up in the village of Annesley Woodhouse, opened up about why he wanted to tell such an important story. He went on to explain why he made the decision to expose the killer in the first episode. "One of the most tragic elements of the story is we never saw this I don't think as a whodunit because that felt, frankly, distasteful," James began. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Hope returns as he takes revenge on Samson "That's not the question at the heart of it, so that's why we show you the killer at the end of the first episode. "What was more interesting to us to explore was the impact on a community that something like this can have, especially a community where there were social and political tensions, and as you identify with them. "I sometimes think what I find frustrating, I have no time for political culture as I think that deliberately tries to divide people." He added: "I would like to say it's very important to me to say that we reveal in the drama as is the case in real life, that the actual murder and the killing was not remotely related to politics. "And I think that's almost for me the most tragic thing... that something completely unrelated did stir up some of those feelings again, and if any steps we can make towards reconciling with that, then I think that's an important thing." James also spoke about why he wanted to find a story to tell from his home town. He explained he wanted to give a voice to the people who grew up in his village when the tragic killings happened and the issues of the mining strike that happened before it. "As many of you know, this is inspired by some real things that happened and I felt sometimes overwhelmed by the responsibility of that because I take it incredibly seriously," the Sherwood creator said. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Gary Windass' exit sealed in murder twist [SPOILERS]Eamonn Holmes makes cheeky dig about wife Ruth [VIDEO]Madeley takes savage swipe at Piers Morgan over Prince Harry's book [REACTION] "As you would have already seen from the drama, these themes and issues about how the past speaks to the present and how we're identified or how we're defined sometimes by the conditions where we're born into or when something impossibly tragic happens to you and your family. "I felt like that was that's what inspired me to write this story and without being really sentimental, these divisions we began to try and explain and tell in this first episode and we unpick throughout the series, they do still exist, there are political divisions in these communities. "I felt it was a great honour to be able to give voice to those different points of view." James said he hopes as the series plays out, viewers will be able to understand the historic events which took place 40 years ago. "I know still feels very raw and very emotional for a lot of people today," he admitted. "So storytelling has a place at the table in trying to humanely and empathetically understand these very difficult things." The first episode of Sherwood aired on Monday night, and many viewers were not very impressed after spotting a blunder. At the beginning of the episode, fans spotted a mistake about Forest player Trevor Francis, who was referenced in an early scene. Those from Nottinghamshire were certainly not impressed with Gary stating Trevor was from Notts Forest. BBC viewers hit out at the broadcaster for "not doing their research" and complained about the mix-up. Sherwood returns on Tuesday night at 9pm on BBC One.