Currently ranked number four in the world, Rafael Nadal is a tennis legend. As he attempts to take the Wimbledon crown, Express.co.uk had a look at the stunning town where he was born. Nadal grew up in Manacor, a beautiful town in Majorca, one of Spain’s popular Balearic islands. Manacor is the second-largest town in Majorca and is close to many gorgeous coastal resorts. The tennis star still has a strong connection to his birthplace and owns a £3million beachfront property in the town. He once said: “The only place where I can go shopping in peace, where I can do anything like a normal person, is my hometown of Manacor.” READ MORE: Airline set to install world’s first bunk beds for economy passenger The town is understandably proud of its famous resident and tourists will find many Nadal themed tributes there. The Rafa Nadal Museum Xperience offers tourists a glimpse of Nadal’s trophies and sports equipment. Visitors can also compete in sports against their friends in the museum’s Experiential Room. The Rafa Nadal tennis academy is also located in Manacor and trains children for a whopping 56,000 euros (£48,000) a year. The King of Clay started his training at Club Tenis Manacor and tourists can visit to see where his journey began. Tourists who visit in the morning could even catch a glimpse of the tennis star practising out of season. But Manacor isn’t just about tennis and tourists will find many incredible attractions to explore. Nadal’s favourite restaurant is reportedly the Sa Punta restaurant in Son Servera where he can be spotted dining when he’s in Manacor. READ MORE: Cornwall fears cost of living crisis will hurt tourism this summer The seafood restaurant has stunning sea views and tourists should try to order the catch of the day. Away from the court, Nadal is a huge golf fan and has previously played at Pula Golf in Son Servera. The star has played with his uncle and friends at the luxurious 18 hole golf course. Manacor is also the start of the Via Verde, a 29km eco-path,which takes in stunning scenery of northern Majorca. The town has one of Majorca’s best markets and tourists should make sure to be in Manacor on a Monday. At the start of the week, the town comes alive with traditional produce, fresh fruits and gorgeous olive wood products. Tourists can also visit the stunning underground coves at Porto Cristo and even enjoy a lightshow there. Manacor is close to many of Majorca’s beach resorts which offer plenty of options for families. 