According to the Met Office, Scotland is at risk of flooding after a barrage of rain and thunder hits the country. The Met Office has issued a Yellow Weather Warning in response to this dangerous weather.  The unsettled weather will continue into the end of the week, as the summer weather recedes. According to the weather experts, Wednesday will have sunshine and showers and be less windy. BBC weather forecaster Stav Danaos said: “The reason for it is the center of the low-pressure system will be just pulling away slightly from the north-west of the UK. “The overnight rain span will slowly clear in eastern England and Scotland.”  Wednesday and Thursday could see the mercury sizzle to these sweltering climes, with the southeast of England expected to enjoy the best of it, according to forecasters WXCharts. Meanwhile, The Mirror reported that by the weekend, a high-pressure system pushing up from the south will see temperatures boil to the mid-20s in parts of the country. Weather expert Ian Simpson from Netweather.Tv said: “Midweek, particularly Thursday will see heavy and thundery downpours then a gradual subduing of the showers for the end of the week with high-pressure building over France, then Germany. “So more so for South East Britain, still unsettled for North West UK.  READ MORE: Britain's 'fattest man' dies aged 37 “With a slackening area of low pressure moving slowly northwards, Thursday and Friday look set to be days of sunshine and showers for most of the country, perhaps with not so many showers in the south on Friday as high pressure starts to ridge up from the south. “Western Scotland and Northern Ireland could be affected by some longer spells of rain at times. “Temperatures from Wednesday to Friday will mostly be around normal for the time of year, reaching 21 to 23C in central and eastern parts of England, cooler further north and west.” A band of rain from the west will see gales batter the coast from Tuesday, while thunder and lightning are likely later in the week.  DON'T MISS:Warning for Putin as NATO pledges 300K troops on high readinessHorror as Kyiv Mayor warns NATO ‘you are next’ Ukraine LIVE: Putin rocked as intercepted comms show 'elite' wiped out