The GMB union, which represents some travel workers, said passengers should try not to take bags to escape queues. Meanwhile, Grant Shapps has reportedly told the aviation industry that visa rules can’t be relaxed to recruit more foreign workers. Andy Prendergast, national secretary of the GMB union, told Sky News: “If people can check in online and do not take bags, that limits the disruption. “It’s not a magic bullet, but it’s one less thing to worry about and it does reduce the chance of there being problems.” Travel expert and CEO of the PC Agency, Paul Charles, said that passengers should consider “packing light”. However, John Irving, the chief executive of Liverpool airport, told BBC Radio 4: “People need to make their own decisions.” READ MORE: 'Put handbrake on!' One of world's biggest cruise liners crashes Passengers with a lot of hand luggage could also mean that security queues fall under more pressure. Heathrow and Gatwick airports have said they have no plans to change current luggage advice for passengers. The aviation industry continues to struggle with extreme staff shortages following the pandemic. Aviation leaders reportedly asked the Government to relax the rules on special immigration visas to ease the pressure. According to the BBC, the Government rejected the bid to allow EU workers into the UK to help with the peak summer travel period. Steve Heapy, CEO of Jet2, told the BBC: “Brexit has taken hundreds of thousands, if not millions of people out of the employment market and that is undoubtedly having an impact.” More than 30,000 members of airline staff were let go during the pandemic and some have since found work in other industries. Issues could continue into the summer if the industry is unable to recruit the necessary amount of workers before July. Transport secretary, Grant Shapps, said: "We’re grateful to those airlines and operators who have continued to deliver good services despite the current pressures and we recognise that not all operators have been affected in the same way. “I also understand the resourcing strains on the aviation sector but it does not excuse poor planning and overbooking flights that they cannot service. “The companies who have seen the most disruption need to learn from those who ran services smoothly. “We will continue to monitor the situation closely to make sure consumers don’t lose out from any further disruption.” Passengers at Manchester Airport have reported long queues on social media although the chaos seems to have eased at many other UK airports. TUI has said that its flights are now operating as normal after cancelling six flights a day from Manchester airport during June. easyJet and British Airways have also cancelled flights with most passengers given advance notice.