Nick Torres (played by Wilmer Valderrama) has faced some personal demons in the latest season of NCIS, but the internal struggle is far from over for the unpredictable Special Agent. When the CBS action drama returns from its hiatus after the summer, executive producer and showrunner Steven D Binder may have some surprising revelations in store for the complicated hero in the show's 20th season. NCIS mainstay Nick Torres could commit murder or another serious felony in the upcoming 20th season of the CBS series. His darker side is still bubbling beneath the surface after Leroy Gibbs (Mark Harmon) and his potential love interest Ellie Bishop (Emily Wickersham) both left him over the last two seasons. Now, showrunner Steven has previewed a challenging path ahead for the agent when fans catch back up with him later in the year. “This guy is really locked away and he opened up for Bishop and she left, and he opened up for Gibbs and Gibbs left,” Steven explained. READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show “I think we’ve seen him lock back up again and we’ve seen him struggle with drinking as a result of that. So it’s not that these things aren’t there, it’s that they’re really, really locked up tight, and at some point, it’s going to come out. “We got a hint of that in the cage-fighting episode where you just saw some of his internal demons come out. I think that’s really part one.” In the season 19 episode, Fight or Flight, Torres dealt with his abandonment issues in a rather painful fashion. Things got heated between him and Agent Sawyer (Zane Holtz) when they take part in an underground cage fight to score a meeting with the club’s owner. He has also begun to distance himself from his colleagues Jessica Knight (Katrina Law) and Timothy McGee (Sean Murray), preferring to spend his nights drinking alone. Could these be the first signs he’s about to take a cue from Gibbs and take his NCIS duties a step too far during an upcoming mission? Gibbs’ career with the team was destroyed when he assaulted a suspect, and he had previously taken out Pedro Hernandez (Thomas Rosales Jr), the man who killed his family. If an upcoming mission gets too personal for him, Torres’ inner conflict could get the better of him and lead to a lapse in judgement out in the field. DON'T MISS:Obi-Wan Kenobi: Ewan McGregor defends Moses Ingram [VIDEO]Big Bang Theory's Kaley Cuoco shares sad Flight Attendant update [LATEST]Stranger Things season 4: Major plot hole from comics explained [PLOT HOLE] Steven told TV Insider: “If you take someone like Leroy Jethro Gibbs on paper, that guy’s as dark as it gets. “He killed Pedro Hernandez. He was in his basement drinking whiskey out of a nail-filled bottle. “He arguably may have committed murder to protect Bishop a couple (of) seasons ago, and there’s certainly a case to be made for that. “I think we’re gonna go pretty dark with [Torres], but we try and do it in a way that doesn’t destroy what we love about the character, so always in service to something greater. It’s not just pure darkness.” Gibbs’ mistakes in season 18 ultimately led to his exit in season 19, so, hopefully, Torres doesn’t take his own vendettas too far. However, if Steven’s hints are anything to go by, fans should expect to see an even darker side of the already troubled again when season 20 rolls around. Whether or not this leads to another battered or dead suspect is yet to be seen, but audiences already know to expect the unexpected when it comes to NCIS. NCIS is available on CBS in the USA. New episodes arrive on Wednesdays on Disney+ in the UK.