Following the announcement Ncuti Gatwa would be taking over as the Time Lord, showrunner Russell T Davies has been teasing exciting details about the show's 60th anniversary special. The latest teaser confirmed Neil Patrick Harris would be making an appearance in the episode and could be a threat to the new Doctor. The Americann actor is currently filming scenes which are set to air in 2023 but his character details are being kept under wraps. Russell shared: “It’s my huge honour to open our studio doors for the mighty Neil Patrick Harris… but who, why, what is he playing? "You’ll just have to wait. But I promise you, the stuff we’re shooting now is off the scale. Doctor beware!” Fans will no doubt be excitedly trying to work out who Neil will be playing and how his character could cause trouble for the Time Lord. READ MORE: Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser It's just the latest of many announcements from the BBC series with fans recently thrilled to hear David Tennant and Catherine Tate would be returning. The pair will return as the Doctor and Donna in the 60th anniversary special. They were last on screen together when the Doctor had to wipe Donna's memory to make her forget him in order to save her life. He warned her family she could never remember their adventures together or she would die. With such a stark warning, what could possibly be bad enough for the Doctor to risk Donna's life and reunite with her? Russell teased: "They're back! And it looks impossible - first, we announce a new Doctor, and then an old Doctor, along with the wonderful Donna, what on earth is happening? "Maybe this is a missing story. Or a parallel world. Or a dream, or a trick, or a flashback. "The only thing I can confirm is that it’s going to be spectacular, as two of our greatest stars reunite for the battle of a lifetime.” DON'T MISS...Jodie Whittaker secretly gives birth and introduces baby to Claire Foy [LATEST]David Tennant return to Doctor Who confirmed - with a familiar face [INSIGHT]New Doctor Who Ncuti Gatwa thanks Jodie Whittaker and David Tennant [INSIGHT] Not long after it was revealed Heartstopper actress Yasmin Finney was joining the series as Rose. She too is filming scenes which are due to air in 2023 for the 60th anniversary. Yasmin said of landing the role: "If anyone would have told eight year old Yasmin that one day she’d be part of this iconic show, I would have never in a million years believed them. "This show has a place in so many people’s hearts, so to be seen as a trans actress by the legend himself Russell, has not only made my year, it’s made my life. "I cannot wait to begin this journey and for you all to see how Rose blossoms. Get ready.” Russell added of the addition of a new Rose: "Life on Doctor Who gets brighter and wilder, how can there be another Rose? "You’ll find out in 2023, but it’s an absolute joy to welcome Yasmin to the Doctor Who set. "We all fell in love with her in Heartstopper, one of those shows which changes the world - and now Yasmin can change the Whoniverse!" Doctor Who returns to BBC One later this year.