After another charter season across the Ionian Sea, Bravo’s Below Deck Sailing Yacht finally came to an end. Viewers were left emotional as they praised Chef Marco Spaziani, who hinted this would be his final charter on the franchise.  Throughout the season, fans have tuned in to see Captain Glenn Shepherd and his crew of young professionals set sail on the Parsifal III. The team worked on board to provide stellar service for the affluent guests on board. However, this didn’t come without drama as the yachties often got into alcohol-fuelled spats, there was also non-stop partying until the early hours and forbidden relationships. Thankfully, season three ended on a positive note as viewers watched the crew say goodbye to one another, marking the end of a charter. READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint For their last major job, the crew welcomed engaged couple Allegra Gray and Gabe Szczepanek for the show’s first-ever wedding. Thankfully, this proved to be a success as they earned $20,000 (£16,000) in tips and were gifted a magnum bottle of Veuve Clicquot. Captain Glenn also revealed the crew had made over $160,000 (£130,000) in tips over the season. A majority of it was the result of Chef Marcos’ efforts, as he made their wedding cake which had to be gluten-free.  As the crew were preparing to say their goodbyes, Marcos made a surprising confession. He told Captain Glenn his business partner had secured an investor who was interested in opening a restaurant with them. With the Chef taking on a new venture it's likely Marcos will no longer appear in the franchise’s upcoming seasons. Although fans were pleased for the beloved chef, many were upset the finale would likely be the last time he would appear on any reality show. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star details moment he decided to quit acting [INSIGHT]Below Deck's Chef Ben reveals major new project away from Bravo series [INSIGHT]Below Deck Sailing Yacht fans swoon at charter wedding finale [INSIGHT] Taking to Twitter, viewers shared nothing but praise for Chef Marco including @StephHammy who wrote: “Marcos never ceases to amaze me. I love him.” Another fan, @DestinyRibb stated: “I know I already said this but for real Marcos is the best chef they have ever had, on any below deck season I have watched!” @Ablondinblack shared: “I feel like Chef Marcos is the best below deck chef, ever. Talented + level headed enough to not lose his shit in the way the others do.” As @PatrickNYC1 added: “Now that [Below Deck Sailing Yacht] finished Season 3, Monday evenings won’t be as bright without seeing the incredible Marcos Spaziani work his magic.”  @Sushi_sar tweeted: “Marcos might be the best chef in any Below Deck franchise so far. Hope to see him, Daisy, Colin and Gary again on S4.” While an emotional @chasingtheSAM put: “Wait Marcos crying when he left I can't.” The crew were also emotional as they were preparing to say goodbye to one another. Marco shed tears as he admitted he was holding in his emotions and how he feels for the first time that he has a new family. Below Deck Sailing Yacht is available in the US on Bravo and in the UK on Hayu. 