The Black Panther star died an early death – he was aged 43 – in August 2020 after a four-year battle with colon cancer. According to an Instagram post on his page, he died with his friends and family at his side.  Colon cancer is cancer that starts in the large bowel, according to Cancer Research UK. Typically people diagnosed with bowel cancer are over the age of 60. Tragically, just an hour before the star died, a surprising email about his health battle was sent to the president of Marvel, Kevin Feige. Feige, like many others, was unaware of the star's cancer struggle. It was reported by The Hollywood Reporter that only a handful of people close to the star were aware of how severe his condition was. Those who knew about it included Logan Coles, his producing partner, agent Michael Greene, his trainer Addison Henderson, and the director Brian Helgeland. The death went public on the Instagram post a day later. READ MORE: Monkeypox: What 'may have opened the door' to the outbreak, according to an expert      It revealed the star had been diagnosed with stage 3, meaning it had spread to the walls of the large bowel. By the time he died, it had progressed to stage 4 and had spread outside of the digestive tract. “It is with immeasurable grief that we confirm the passing of Chadwick Boseman,” the Instagram post stated.    “A true fighter, Chadwick persevered through it all, and brought you many of the films you have come to love so much," stated the post. “From Marshall to Da 5 Bloods, August Wilson’s Ma Rainey’s Black Bottom, and several more, all were filmed during and between countless surgeries and chemotherapy.” The star’s unexpected death leaves a stark reminder that bowel cancer can affect the young and elderly among us.    The signs of bowel cancer to look out for, according to the NHS, including the following: There are several screening tests doctors may use to figure out whether you have the condition. Cancer Research UK explains this could involve an examination of your rectum using a finger, also known as a digital rectal exam. They may also do a colonoscopy, which uses a fibre optic camera to look at the inside of your large bowel. Tissue may also be taken and growths, known as polyps, removed.   An experiment scientists described as a “breakthrough” has shown success in treating people with bowel cancer using experimental immunotherapy. Fourteen patients who were given Dostarlimab had no traces of cancer after using the drug. After physical examinations and other screening methods, scientists at the Memorial Sloan Kettering cancer center in New York were unable to find signs of the disease. Doctor Luis Diaz told the New York Times: “I believe this is the first time this has happened in the history of cancer.” 