Boris Johnson will face a vote of no confidence from Tory MPs following the threshold for letters of no confidence to the party's 1992 Committee chairman Sir Graham Brady. A statement issued to Conservative MPs this morning reads that the 15 percent threshold for letters has been reached. It reads: "In accordance with the rules, a ballot will be held between 1800 and 2000 today Monday June 6. "The votes will be counted immediately afterwards. An announcement will be made at a time to be advised." It follows months of scandal after partygate, with the Prime Minister being fined for attending a party held for his birthday during lockdown. READ MORE: POLL: Do you think Boris Johnson will win no-confidence vote tonight? A vote of no confidence is when a party's MPs have decided they do not trust the current leader to continue in their post and wish to replace them. The Conservative Party rules state that at least 15 percent of Tory MPs must write a no confidence letter to make a leadership challenge possible. Under the Conservative Party's rules, letters are handed in confidentially, so no accurate total of how many have been submitted is known until Sir Graham Brady makes a statement saying the threshold has been reached. The ballot taking place this evening will determine Mr Johnson's leadership of the country and his party. The key number is 180 - Mr Johnson needs this many votes in his favour to survive. If he wins, he will remain as party leader and prime minister and be immune from another such challenge for a year. DON'T MISSJohnson slammed for trying to regain trust with NHS rescue plan [REPORT]Meet the man who could decide Boris's fate [INSIGHT]Comment: Removing Boris would only serve the interests of Labour [OPINION] But if he loses, a contest to choose a new party leader and PM will take place, with Mr Johnson barred from standing. Multiple MPs have come out public in support of seeing the Prime Minister replaced, and the result of tonight's vote will depend on whether MPs decide to come out in force against their leader. There are also likely to be many that have remained quiet about the ongoing drama, awaiting the outcome of more mutinous MPs and following whichever side has the strongest chance of winning. However, the cabinet has remained united behind Mr Johnson, and their sway among MPs is considered, usually, to be signficant.  But this result certainly shows that there is a big appetite to see the Prime Minister out of office in order to secure another general election win. Ladbrokes currently has odds of 4/5 that Mr Johnson will be sent packing and replaced as Prime Minister this year. A Downing Street spokesman said: "Tonight is a chance to end months of speculation and allow the government to draw a line and move on, delivering on the people's priorities. "The PM welcomes the opportunity to make his case to MPs and will remind them that when they're united and focused on the issues that matter to voters there is no more formidable political force."