Prince William had social media users in a frenzy after footage of the Duke of Cambridge gushing about Princess Charlotte emerged. The Duke of Cambridge boasted about his only daughter's football skills as he met with the England Women's football team ahead of the Euros. Prince William was gifted kits for all three of his children, noting Charlotte had insisted he inform the players she is "really good in goal." The Duke said: "Charlotte wants me to tell you she's really good in goal...a budding star for the future! "She said, 'Please can you tell them that', and I said 'Okay I'll tell them'." Princess Charlotte was spotted last year playing football with older brother Prince George, and the duo was seen entertaining themselves practicing passes as their dad played polo. The exchange had social media users in a frenzy as they noted Prince William, himself a keen football player and fan, appeared like a "proud papa" discussing his daughter's skills. Royal Family LIVE: Not playing nice! Outrageous claim Kate and William fed up with Meghan User @loveforcambridg wrote: "Omg I love this. "She was probably extra happy when she received her gift and when she heard that her dad told the team she was good in goal." @DuchessCamelot added: "I have a feeling she might try to sleep in her new jersey." Twitter user @CrystalCourche4 said: "What a proud papa." READ MORE: 'Petulant' Prince William blasted over 'petty Royal Family squabbles' @DancingInfinit1 added: "#PrinceWilliam always knows how to charm, they love him!" And @carolineliane2 said: "A Good dad always gushing over his little princess." Prince William is the president of the Football Association, and has passed on his love for Aston Villa to George and Charlotte. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Outrageous claim Kate & William fed up with Meghan [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry push for reconciliation? [VOTE] William and Charles were ‘right’ to block Andrew from Garter Day [REVEAL]  The Duke of Cambridge brought his two eldest children to watch Norwich City vs Aston Villa back in October 2019. And George even accompanied dad William and mum Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge to some of England's matches during the rescheduled 2020 Euros in London. Both George and Charlotte are believed to be part of a football team, as photos shared on social media showed the pair kitted up as they enjoyed a post-training ice cream with the Duchess of Cambridge.