Inter Milan may end up pulling out of a move to bring Romelu Lukaku back to the San Siro this summer due to the £20million loan fee demanded by the west London outfit. Lukaku's return to Stamford Bridge last summer was heralded as the final piece of the puzzle for Thomas Tuchel's side. Despite spending a club record £97.5million, Chelsea are now reportedly willing to let Lukaku make his return to Italian football with Inter. The Serie A side also want to bring Lukaku back with a loan deal agreeable between the two clubs and the striker is also willing to take a paycut. However, the Daily Mail point out that Chelsea want Inter to stump up a £20m signing-on fee. The report claims that Inter have so far 'baulked' at Chelsea's loan fee demand. Lukaku now faces the prospect of having to remain at Stamford Bridge for at least another season. The 29-year-old is said to be 'accepting' of the situation he faces, but he'll likely be concerned about fighting with Havertz for a starting place through the middle next year. JUST IN: Chelsea have four Romelu Lukaku replacement options  Coming off the back of a season where he let Inter to the title and scored an impressive 30 goals in all competitions, Lukaku was expected to light up the Premier League. He did make a strong start to life back in the English top flight with three goals in his first three games. But his influence soon waned with an injury then curtailing his progress under Tuchel. The Belgian then struggled to make it back as a regular in Tuchel's starting line-up with Kai Havertz preferred through the middle. DON'T MISS  Comments in December where Lukaku spoke of his desire to return to Inter did little to help his cause with Chelsea fans and Tuchel. He ended the season with eight league goals in 16 starts while coming off the bench 10 times. The Blues have also been linked with signing a central striker this summer under new owner Todd Boehly. That may well depend on Lukaku leaving the club or not with Gabriel Jesus linked as a possible target. Boehly has already supposedly had a 'number of meetings' with Tuchel to discuss transfer targets. Lukaku's future has been a main topic of conversation, but the £20m loan fee may prove to be the final stumbling block.