Nationwide Building Society’s new Member Online Bond offers 2.5 percent interest on savings. Its Start to Save account also offers the same interest rate plus the chance to win £250 in the bi monthly prize draw. It’s been a tough few months for savers but things are starting to look brighter. Nationwide’s Flex Regular Saver currently offers one of the best savings rates on the market at 2.5 percent for the first 12 months’ savings. Now it’s launched a new Member Online Bond and a Start to Save account matching this attractive interest rate. From February 2023, the prize draw fund will increase from £100 to £250. READ MORE: Pensioners offered major retirement boost after 'years in the doldrums  To qualify, customers will now only need to save £25 a month rather than £50. However, they will have to save every month for six months leading up to the prize draw to be entered. It’s an easy access account so savers can withdraw their funds if they need to although it could affect the interest rate. Meanwhile, customers can also benefit from up to £125 when they switch an account to Nationwide. DON'T MISSWho qualifies for a cost of living payment - in full [INSIGHT]Yorkshire Building Society offering marketing leading 2.10% [UPDATE]Woman, 83, shares struggle with new card payment rules [ALERT] New customers will receive £100 for switching, while existing customers could get a cash bonus of £125. To be eligible for the bank bribe, switchers will need to use the Current Account Switch Service. There are no monthly fees for maintaining the account and it can be managed online. Money Saving Expert founder Martin Lewis recently named Nationwide as one of his ‘top picks’ for its current account and savings option. Just this week, Nationwide came third in Moneyfacts Personal Finance Provider of the Year category for 2022. Debbie Crosbie, Chief Executive of Nationwide Building Society said she hoped the changes would encourage people to save. She said: We’ve worked hard to give existing savers even more reason to put money away at this time, and now we’re launching Member Online Bond and increasing rates on all off-sale accounts to help further. “However, we recognise that there are also people who have not been saving. “Our Start to Save account encourages a regular savings habit amongst people who are able to put a small amount away each month.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Nationwide has also made some other changes to its accounts: