After ending on a jaw-dropping cliffhanger, Hulu’s award-winning dystopian series The Handmaid’s Tale will finally be returning to screens for season five. Ahead of its premiere, showrunner Bruce Miller paid a touching tribute to Elisabeth Moss.  Throughout the year fans have been eagerly awaiting to find out the fate of the beloved June Osborne (played by Elisabeth Moss). Thankfully, bosses recently confirmed The Handmaid’s Tale would return for its fifth instalment in September. After brutally murdering her captor Fred Waterford (Joseph Fiennes) viewers have been anxiously waiting to see if June will go into hiding or answer for her crimes. Before the audience can have their questions answered, the show’s creator and executive producer Bruce Miller opened up about working alongside the lead actress. READ MORE: Lisa Nandy dodges strike probe as Raworth grills MP over action In an interview with Goldderby, Miller explained: “We didn’t know each other coming into this project. “She had not directed when she came onto this project and I don’t think she had been a producer yet, she’s a producer in every respect, not just in name only. “She’s as remarkable as a talent as you would imagine. “She creates a very calm environment that translates to how she produces.”  He continued: “She’s a wonderful colleague, but creatively, she’s invested trust in me and opened herself up as an artist to me in ways that I cannot appreciate enough.” Since the series first landed in 2017, Moss has portrayed June Osborne who had been oppressed under a gruelling Gilead regime. After a Civil War, the totalitarian government went into power, replacing the US Constitution with a system of duties and privileges implemented in a hierarchy of social classes. Which forced every citizen assigned to a particular class and expected to fulfil a particular role depending on their uniform. DON'T MISS...Kate Middleton’s touching nod in Cambridge's Father’s Day photo [INSIGHT]The Handmaid’s Tale boss admits it’s ‘draining’ working on series [INSIGHT]The Handmaid's Tale season 5: Release date, cast, trailer, plot [INSIGHT] As for June, she had worked at a publishing firm as a script editor, however, after Gilead went into power she was stripped of her independence and forced o to become a Handmaid. As the state was a patriarchal society, only men had access to higher education and women who weren’t Aunts were brutally punished if they were caught reading or writing. June was placed at the Waterford household where she was tasked with breeding and supplying Gilead with more children. She was forced into this during the ritualised act of Ceremony, where Fred would force himself onto her while she was held down by his wife Serena Waterford (Yvonne Strahovski).  Throughout the series, June had made multiple attempts to escape Gilead to become a free woman in Gilead. Although her attempts were met with punishment, she was motivated by the dream of reuniting with her daughter Hannah Bankole (Jordana Blake) who was stripped from her arms and placed in a home in Gilead. June eventually found freedom in season four and was reunited with her friends who had escaped and husband Luke Bankole (OT Fagbenle) who had worked tirelessly to find her. With The Handmaid’s Tale returning in September fans will have to tune in to see the result of June killing Fred and if she will finally rescue Hannah. The Handmaid’s Tale returns to Hulu on Wednesday, September 14. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 