Queen Elizabeth, 96, has stepped out with Prince Charles in the gardens of the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh. Members of the Royal Family are spending a Royal Week in Scotland, carrying out several engagements until July 1. Her Majesty looks beautiful in a baby blue dress coat and her iconic Launer handbag.  Queen Elizabeth also wore her Gucci loafers for the occasion. She carried her walking stick which she has been doing a lot recently. This stick was reportedly Prince Philip’s stalking stick, which is a sweet nod to her late husband. The Queen wore a matching baby blue hat to match her outfit. READ MORE: Queen's fashion influenced by mother - taught 'proper way of dressing'  She also accessorised with two silver flower brooches and a three-strand pearl necklace. The Queen appears to be wearing two of her Nizam of Hyderabad Rose brooches. Jewellery experts at Steven Stone previously valued these as being worth £80,000. A Steven Stone expert previously told Express.co.uk: "Originally a tiara, these jewels were a gift from one of the world’s wealthiest men, The Nizam of Hyderabad, who gave Queen Elizabeth II a diamond necklace and tiara for her wedding in 1947.  "Although dismantled to make another headpiece, the original floral design tiara, set in diamonds and platinum and made by Cartier, featured three detachable brooches, depicting gorgeous roses. "The Queen kept these detachable brooches and has worn them frequently – either as a pair or individually. "She wore two of the smaller rose brooches at Government House in Melbourne, during her tour of Australia in 1954. "The diamond necklace also remains in its original condition and has been worn by the Duchess of Cambridge on several occasions." READ MORE: Charles 'conscious' of cost of living crisis as royal spending soars  The Duke of Buccleuch presented a Reddendo to the Queen today. During Her Majesty's reign, the traditional Reddendo of a pair of arrows on a velvet cushion has been replaced with other gifts. These include a brooch in 1952, a glass vase in 1976 and a pen tray in 2006.  Royal fans took to social media to praise the Queen's style. Twitter user @mwoodpen said: "She’s so darling!" Royal fan @CarolCariocaFla called the Queen "Unstoppable!" Similarly, @aurielambert added: "HM looks beautiful and very happy!!" 