New figures have revealed that homeowners in England and Wales are overvaluing their properties by a staggering eight percent, on average. The research, which was conducted by Quick Move Now, compared homeowners valuations with that of formal independent estate agent valuations. Danny Luke, Quick Move Now’s managing director, said in 2019 when they first started comparing figures, people were overvaluing their properties by an average of eleven percent. The lower average indicates that homeowners are becoming more accurate at assessing how much their home is worth. Property sites, which allow homeowners to access information about the local housing market and recent sold prices in an area, are making it easier for homeowners to figure out the market value of their property. Danny said even when armed with this data, homeowners estimates can be “pretty far off their property’s actual value.” He continued: “Overpricing your property by eight percent when putting it on the market could have a significant impact on how long it takes to sell. READ MORE: Cleaning: Paint roller hack leaves windows ‘sparkling in minutes’ “Previous data has suggested that over-pricing your property can result in it sitting on the market for twice as long as an accurately priced property. “It can be very difficult to view your own home objectively, so it’s always best to get a local estate agent to visit your property for an accurate and up to date valuation.” The new data also unveiled which areas people are overvaluing their homes the most. Homeowners in Harrow, Romford and Telford are most accurately valuing their homes. They are over-valuing their homes by an average of six percent. DON'T MISSHomes Under the Hammer buyer boosts property value by £75k [INSIGHT]I tried Elbow Grease’s £1 All Purpose Degreaser spray - results [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ way to brighten clothing and bedding [ANALYSIS] But those living in Llandrindod Wells gave the least accurate valuations, overvaluing by an average of 20 percent. Residents living in the picturesque town of Harrogate in North Yorkshire overvalued their homes by an average of 17 percent. However, all areas tended to overvalue properties rather than undervalue them. A booming property market and surging house price growth may have contributed to homeowners overvaluing their homes. Danny said those living in urban areas where homes are similarly designed in a small area are likely to have more comparable data which allows homeowners to get a more accurate idea of their home’s value. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea He said those living in rural areas will find it more “challenging” as homes are more spread out which can make it difficult to compare prices. The property expert continued: “Whilst it is handy to be able to go online and get a rough idea of how much your property might be worth, it is always best to ask a local independent estate agent for a formal valuation. “Ultimately, any property is only worth what someone is willing to pay for it and a local estate agent is likely to have knowledge about the local market that an online valuation tool simply can’t compete with. “That is especially true in the current market where things are changing very quickly from one week to the next. “Now that the ‘cost of living’ crisis is really starting to hit, we are definitely beginning to see a cooling of the market. “The first two weeks of marketing your property are the most important in terms of attracting a buyer, so it’s vital that you price your property correctly from the start.” The average percentage homeowners are overvaluing their properties by in each postal area: St Albans - eight percent Bath - nine percent Birmingham - seven percent Blackburn - 13 percent Blackpool - 12 percent Bolton - nine percent Bournemouth - 10 percent Bradford - 11 percent Brighton - 10 percent Bristol - 10 percent Bromley - 11 percent Cambridge - 10 percent Canterbury - 11 percent Cardiff - 13 percent Carlisle - 10 percent Chelmsford - 11 percent Chester - eight percent Cleveland - 13 percent Colchester - 10 percent Coventry - seven percent Crewe - eight percent Croydon - nine percent Darlington - 10 percent Dartford - 10 percent Derby - 14 percent Doncaster - 10 percent Dorchester - 15 percent Dudley - 10 percent Durham - 13 percent East London - 10 percent Exeter - 11 percent Gloucester - nine percent Guildford - 11 percent Halifax - 11 percent Harrogate - 17 percent Harrow - six percent Hemel Hempstead - 10 percent Hereford - 14 percent Huddersfield - 12 percent Hull - 10 percent Ilford - seven percent Ipswich - 12 percent Kingston upon Thames - nine percent Lancaster - 14 percent Leeds - 11 percent Leicester - seven percent Lincoln - eight percent Liverpool - nine percent Llandrindod Wells - 20 percent Llandudno - 10 percent Luton - 10 percent Manchester - 10 percent Milton Keynes - 12 percent Newcastle upon Tyne - 13 percent Newport - 12 percent North London - 12 percent North West London - 12 percent Northampton - eight percent Norwich - 10 percent Nottingham - 10 percent Oldham - 10 percent Oxford - 10 percent Peterborough - 10 percent Plymouth - 12 percent Portsmouth - 10 percent Preston - 11 percent Reading - 11 percent Redhill - eight percent Rochester - eight percent Romford - six percent Salisbury - nine percent Sheffield - nine percent Shrewsbury - seven percent Slough - 13 percent South East London - 10 percent South West London - 11 percent Southampton - 10 percent Southend-on-Sea - 11 percent Stevenage - 11 percent Stockport - nine percent Stoke-on-Trent - 10 percent Sunderland - 14 percent Sutton - 13 percent Swansea - 11 percent Swindon - 11 percent Taunton - nine percent Telford - six percent Torquay - 10 percent Truro - 13 percent Tunbridge Wells - 10 percent Twickenham - nine percent Uxbridge - 10 percent Warrington - 10 percent Watford - 10 percent West London - seven percent