Ajax star Antony has been pictured with his agent just days after it was claimed Manchester United had launched a £40million bid for the player. The Brazil international is regarded as one of Europe’s hottest prospects. And, if he moves to Old Trafford, he’ll be reunited with old boss Erik ten Hag. Manchester United have been expecting to sign a new striker this summer to ease the goalscoring burden on Cristiano Ronaldo. But with the Red Devils failing to land Darwin Nunez, it’s possible they’ll pursue a deal for a right-winger instead. Not since Ronaldo’s first spell at Old Trafford have United had a specialist there, with last year’s blockbuster signing Jadon Sancho instead deployed on the left by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Last week, Brazilian journalist Jorge Nicola claimed United had made an opening offer for Antony. He said on his YouTube channel: "Manchester United are expected to reach an agreement for Antony very soon.” Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer Now, Antony has been snapped with his agent. Antony's agent Junior Pedroso took to Instagram to share a picture of himself with the player and his camp in Amsterdam. It is unclear, though, whether they discussed a potential move to United or simply arranged a meeting to hang out. Antony scored 12 goals and registered 10 assists in all competitions last season, enhancing his reputation as one of Europe’s hottest prospects. And he’s not the only Ajax player being linked with a move to United. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links The Red Devils are still keen on Jurrien Timber, with the centre-back also capable of playing at right-back. That could come in handy at Old Trafford, especially at a time where the club are looking to jettison Aaron Wan-Bissaka. Lisandro Martinez has also been linked, having emerged as a key player for Ten Hag during his time at Ajax. And Sebastien Haller has been rumoured to be a target, though signing the former West Ham star won’t be straightforward. Frenkie de Jong played under Ten Hag at Ajax, too. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And though he’s at Barcelona these days, that hasn’t stopped United from eyeing an ambitious summer swoop. They’re still locked in talks for the 25-year-old, who has often struggled for consistency during his time in Amsterdam. And with Barcelona needing to sell, it seems only a matter of time before he seals a move to the Premier League. Speaking in April, meanwhile, former United star Luke Chadwick expressed a belief that Antony would be a good addition to Ten Hag’s squad. “From what I’ve seen of Antony and read about him, he’s an exciting, skilful player who’s done well at Ajax,” Chadwick said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “It could make sense for Ten Hag to bring in players he knows and trusts, and that could help in terms of making sure the dressing room is behind you, as I’ve mentioned. “Obviously there are players in that position – Elanga, Rashford, and Sancho, who’s showing better form now and who looks like he has a big long-term future. “But you can never have too many good players, so if Antony does come in I’m sure everyone at the club would be fully behind that. “That’s how it should be – competition for places, and whoever’s performing well in training gets to pull on the shirt and play at the weekend. “Hopefully that will raise standards, as is needed if the club wants to be back to where it wants to be nearer the top of the table, rather than 5th, 6th or 7th position.”