Prince Charles has sparked a backlash from Conservative ministers after a source said he privately described the plan to deport illegal migrants to Rwanda as “appalling”. Cabinet ministers and other commentators have blasted the Prince for giving his view, saying he should follow the example of his mother, the Queen, and keep quiet on such matters. But now the Prince will be meeting with the PM in Rwanda for the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in Kigali, an event feared to be overshadowed by Mr Johnson’s policy.  This comes as it emerged their first meeting in 2019 did not run as smoothly as it could have. The Prince of Wales invited Mr Johnson to visit him at Birkhall in Scotland after Mr Johnson had met the Queen at Balmoral - but the event would reportedly lead to “eyebrows being raised”. A source told the Daily Mail the PM arrived in a “shambolic state” with then girlfriend Carrie Symonds, and was “clearly not focused” on the meeting. Courtiers reportedly deemed this “disrespectful”. The source added: “The Prince of Wales is used to meeting all sorts of people but among the aides there was a feeling definitely that during the Birkhall meeting with Boris Johnson, he wasn’t being afforded the respect you might argue that he deserves as a senior public figure who works very hard for the country. “The Prince wasn’t kicking up a fuss about it. It was more the staff who felt sorry on his behalf.  “The next time they met, it was sort of quashed. Things have got better, but they have never been what you might call the best of friends.” The first plane to Rwanda for the PM’s new policy will leave on Tuesday, and the strategy is feared to overshadow Prince Charles’ visit to the country. The itinerary, which includes a meeting at a church where 10,000 Tutsis were massacred during the 1994 genocide, will also take in visits to environmental projects. A royal source told the Times: “[Prince Charles] said he was more than disappointed at the policy. “He said he thinks the Government’s whole approach is appalling. It was clear he was not impressed with the Government’s direction of travel.” A senior cabinet minister later told the publication: “Prince Charles is an adornment to our public life, but that will cease to be charming if he attempts to behave the same way when he is King. That will present serious constitutional issues.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's Jubilee plans ruined as Sussexes failed get snap [REVEAL] “A lot of his views on architecture and horticulture are interesting, and I would always be willing to listen to them privately. “But that’s very different from him making public interventions as monarch. "The Queen’s genius is that most of us have no idea what she thinks.” The Prince also released an Easter message in the same week as the Rwanda policy was first announced, which some argued showed the early signs of his disapproval. Charles said: “Today, millions of people find themselves displaced, wearied by their journey from troubled places, wounded by the past, fearful of the future – and in need of a welcome, of rest, and of kindness.  DON'T MISS: Eugenie causes royal stir after CROPPING OUT Duchess from Jubilee pic [REVEAL]Kate and William to move family closer to Queen in Berkshire [INSIGHT] Charles issued stark warning by cabinet minister over Rwanda remark [ANALYSIS] “I have found myself heartbroken at the sufferings of the innocent victims of conflict, or persecution, some of whom I have met and who have told me stories of unutterable tragedy as they have been forced to flee their country and seek shelter far from home.” As Prince rather than ruling monarch, Charles is not bound by the same rules as the Queen. Unlike Her Majesty is not required to act on the advice of ministers and can offer opinions on public policy in private. In a BBC documentary marking his 70th birthday in 2018, Charles said he would no longer make public interventions on such subjects once he is king, declaring: “I’m not that stupid.” A spokesman said of the Prince’s recently reported private conversation: “We would not comment on supposed anonymous private conversations with the Prince of Wales, except to restate that he remains politically neutral. Matters of policy are decisions for Government.” 