West Ham have caused a stir among fans after Manchester United and Chelsea-linked Declan Rice was not involved in the club’s new kit launch. Supporters took to social media to question why the midfield ace, who has been linked with a transfer away from the London Stadium, was not involved as the Hammers revealed their teamwear for the 2022/23 campaign. The East London outfit have unveiled a stunning new home kit in which David Moyes’ side will hope to go deep into the Europa Conference League and record another excellent Premier League finish. However, some fans were concerned by the lack of club captain Rice in promotional material. First-team stars Said Benrahma, Ben Johnson, Michail Antonio, Jarrod Bowen and Lukasz Fabianski all starred in photos and a video posted to the club’s social media channels. Club icon James Collins was also involved. But there was surprisingly no Rice. As club captain following the departure of Mark Noble, it feels like the 23-year-old would generally be the ideal choice to feature in a kit launch. JUST IN: Liverpool urged to sign two midfielders after sealing Nunez transfer It would of course be a stretch to suggest that Rice not appearing in promotional material means a blockbuster transfer has been agreed. After all, Benrahma features despite the Guardian reporting that the Algerian has been told that the club will listen to offers. However, many fans responded to West Ham’s tweets asking why Rice was not involved. The former Chelsea prospect has been linked with a return to the Blues, while Manchester United are also widely reported to hold an interest in a transfer. Moyes said in April that it would take a whopping £150million for the Hammers to even come to the negotiating table, labelling last year’s valuation of £100m as ‘cheap’. “The first thing to say is that he is not for sale," Moyes said. DON'T MISS...Man City's Guardiola could have influence in Man Utd's De Jong pursuitMan Utd target Nunez 'only wants Liverpool' but must make compromiseMan Utd missing out on Darwin Nunez transfer may prove to be blessing "If you are interested, well, it will be north of that. £100m was cheap last summer. One hundred and fifty just now would be minimum but he is not for sale. What I do know is that it means there are only certain clubs that could even consider it.” The Scot - who guided the team to seventh in the Premier League and to a Europa League semi-final last term - compared Rice’s situation to Harry Kane’s at Tottenham. Spurs placed a huge price tag on the England captain’s head last summer amid interest from Manchester City, and Kane eventually remained with the North Londoners. Moyes continued: “They (Spurs) said: ‘No, there is a price and if someone wants to pay the price, then we would probably do it. If they don’t then he’s not going anywhere’. “That’s it. They have kept him. We have got Declan on the best part of a three-and-a-half-year contract. Just like Tottenham have got Kane on a contract. They control what happens.” Chelsea and Man Utd are keen to sign midfielders this summer and have been linked with Rice. The player featured in 50 games for West Ham last season, scoring four goals and providing five assists.