Escape to the Chateau was last seen at the end of 2021 with little to no word on when it will return to Channel 4. This hasn't stopped viewers from rewatching old episodes via the channel's streaming service All4 where they can relive memorable moments from Dick Strawbridge and Angel Adoree's journey so far. For the past eight seasons, the docu-series has followed the couple as they transformed the once derelict chateau into a beautiful home. Dick and Angel were living in a Southend-on-Sea flat before making the bold move of selling up and moving to the heart of France. They purchased the French 19th Century Chateau de La Motte Husson in 2015 for just £380,000 post-tax. The property has 45 bedrooms, 12 acres of land and a moat but, of course, it was far from perfect with no electricity, heating or water in the early days. Over the past seven years, the couple have worked hard to give the building a massive revamp, allowing Channel 4 viewers to follow their every step. READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen While the chateau itself has undergone a major overhaul during this time, some things have stayed the same. One of which is the Escape to the Chateau opening credits song which plays at the start of every episode. A fan of the docu-series took to the couples' website to ask what the music was and if it was available to purchase. Simply put, Dick and Angel replied: "It is called ‘Building a Dream’ by Phase music and is available to download." The classical, light-hearted tune doesn't feature any singing and is purely instrumental. Building A Dream is one of the songs featured on the Phase music album entitled My Dream Farm which came out in 2010. Some of the other cheerful melodies include Heading On, Daybreak and A Fresh Start. The song, as well as the rest of the My Dream Farm album, is available to download on Apple Music. DON'T MISS...Dick Strawbridge and Angel Adoree speak out on staffing ‘concern’  [EXPLAINER]Escape to the Chateau's Dick scolds Angel 'Don't bring it up!' [REACTION]Escape to the Chateau's Angel Adoree 'traumatised' by Dick's project [CAST] Dick and Angel have been hiring out the beautiful chateau for weddings but due to the pandemic, all of those that had been booked had to be postponed. The couple are currently on a "two-year weddings 'catch-up', taking no further bookings until all those who had organised their big day prior to lockdown are carried out. Weddings have started to take place again at the chateau so things are starting to get back to normal. Their garden domes for overnight visitors have also been reopened so fans of the show can stay. While there has been no talk of Escape to the Chateau's return, there will be a ninth series. Back in 2020, Channel 4 commissioned a whopping 60 episodes of the show to air during 2021 and 2022. So it's safe to say that the future of Dick and Angel's beloved series is looking bright. Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on All4.