Firstly, the tens of thousands of lives saved by bulk buying vaccines ahead of their approval and the millions of jobs saved through furloughing. Secondly, the folly of those not supporting these responses who wanted to sit and delay action. Labour advocated delaying months to await the EU's vaccine programme and airlines and other key industries damaged our economic recovery by failing to furlough thousands of jobs. The attacks on Liverpool fans were nothing more than expected from France's spineless government and its second-rate policing, says Tony Moore, from Preston. Attacks by police on parents and children came about because of a government full of hatred for the British after we voted to leave the EU and go our own way. It's time for Britain to hit back and ban all goods from there. We don't need Macron or France. Earlier this week three earthquakes were recorded across the UK.A 2.1 magnitude on the Isle of Arran in Scotland, 2.3 in Sale, Greater Manchester and 3.8 in Shropshire, says Clark Cross, from Linlithgow, W Lothian. The British Geological Survey says there are 200 to 300 earthquakes in the UK each year and are below a magnitude of 3.0, so why was fracking for shale gas stopped when a tremor of 0.5 on the Richter scale was recorded? Stephen Pollard's comments on French President Macron are spot on, says Jean Norfolk, from Knottingley,West Yorks. When it comes to facing up to tyrants, Macron shows the same lack of fibre that we have come to expect of many French leaders. The rest of Europe, the UK and the United States condemn the actions of the Russians and seek to isolate him, yet Macron chooses to see Putin as some kind of victim and speaks with him regularly. Reading about missed GP appointments and calls to fine patients for failing to cancel or turn up, it is suggested if you need to cancel you should phone, text or email, says Sue Wright, from Rickmansworth, Herts. But if you have a surgery that doesn't have text or email and long queues on the phone, what are you meant to do in an emergency?