Queen Elizabeth II is the first monarch in British history to celebrate a Platinum Jubilee marking an impressive 70 years on the throne. The event was marked with a four-day bank holiday weekend, and Britons got the chance to commemorate the historic reign with a number of special events - from street parties and a BBC concert, to an iconic RAF flypast. But, what could come next? A Jubilee is held to celebrate the life and reign of a monarch. Rather than happening every year, Jubilees tend to only mark significant milestones, and each has a special name to reflect a certain length of time. By reaching the milestone of 70 years, naturally, the Queen has also celebrated a number of other special milestones in her lifetime, and these include: A Silver Jubilee: marks 25 years on the throneA Ruby Jubilee: 40 yearsA Golden Jubilee: 50 yearsA Diamond Jubilee: 60 yearsA Sapphire Jubilee: 65 years And most recently, the Platinum Jubilee marked 70 years. So by looking at this pattern, the next milestone to herald a celebration could be 75 years - but is there a name for it? READ MORE: Anti-Queen anthem threatens to be Britain's next number one song  Currently, the Royal Collection Trust doesn’t list any more official Jubilees after 70 years. However, as anniversaries go, names to reflect 75 years can also go by Diamond or Golden. Although, the next Jubilee is unlikely to take up either of these due to already having had them. Although, there are some other unique names for 80th, 85th, and 90th anniversaries, which could provide a rough indication of what else could come next.  An 80th anniversary is referred to as Oak, an 85th anniversary can be referred to as either Moonstone or Wine, and a 90th anniversary is referred to as Granite. A 100th anniversary is typically referred to as a centenary. What do you think the next Jubilee should be named? Have your say in the comments. There have been three particularly large celebrations for the Queen in the past 70 years, and these include her Silver Jubilee in 1977 to mark 25 years on the throne, her Golden Jubilee in 2022 to mark 50 years, and her Diamond Jubilee in 2012 to mark 60 years. Jubilees date all the way back to biblical times. DON'T MISS: Queen's Jubilee balcony moment unpacked by royal expert 'No accident' [ANALYSIS]‘Iconic as always!’ The many moods of Prince Louis in pictures [PICTURES]Americans viciously attack Queen after Michelle Obama tribute [INSIGHT]    According to the Book of Leviticus, the third book of the Torah and of the Old Testament, families should gather every 50 years for a jubilee and restore land to its original owners, remit debts and free slaves. The Roman Catholic Church have been formally celebrating jubilees since 1300 AD, and are celebrated every 25 years. Although the concept of Jubilees typically being a religious tradition, today, the term is most closely associated with the Royal Family and the ceremonies to celebrate their respective reign. The first British monarch to celebrate 50 years on the throne was George III in 1809.  His Golden Jubilee was marked with a number of formal ceremonies and services, as well as a fete and a firework display. Queen Victoria was the British first monarch to reach 60 years on the throne, celebrating her Diamond Jubilee in 1897. The occasion was marked with a service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral and a grand procession through the streets of London. Queen Elizabeth II is now the first British monarch to reach 70 years and at 96 years old, her next major milestone will be her 100th birthday. 