The Queen is currently celebrating her Platinum Jubilee. The 96-year-old attended all royal events planned for yesterday but, following the news that she will be unable to parttake in the thanksgiving service at St Pauls today there is now speculation as to whether she will able to attend her favourite horse race at Epsom tomorrow. Speaking on Sky News, former royal protection officer Richard Griffin claimed that, although with no formal confirmation, she "won't go" to the event on Saturday. Sky News host Kay Burley, speaking to Mr Griffin, said: "Tomorrow it's the races, we were thinking that potentially she was going to go to the races. "Forty of her jockeys are going to form a guard of honour but prehaps she won't be there." Mr Griffin replied: "My bet is, and I have got no insider information on this but, my bet is is that she won't go." The former royal protection officer claimed that this would be "a great shame for her" because horse racing is "her passion". READ MORE: 'Very, very frosty' Meghan and Harry's awkward Jubilee reception from other royals exposed He added: "As Alistair said, there is quite a lot of walking involved at the Derby. "Ok, we can take her up in a lift to the royal suite, and places like that". He concluded: "I hope I'm wrong and I hope she makes it, but personally I think she'll be watching it on TV". Due to the Queen's ongoing health struggles, the Queen's attendance at any event will only be confirmed last minute for each prospective outing. READ MORE: Meghan accused of 'self-promotion' after 'thrusting' herself into palace window Speaking on 5 News earlier this week, The Sunday Times royal editor Roya Nikkhah said: ""As I said on Sunday, in The Sunday Times, it's unlikely now we're going to see her at the Epsom Derby". She continued: "I think she feels she needs to pace herself", before adding, "and that will be a step too far". She noted that there is "a possibility" that Queen will be at the finale for the pageant on Sunday. However, she added that "that's not guaranteed". DON'T MISS The celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee began on June 2 and will end on June 5. In September 2015, Queen Elizabeth II became the longest reigning monarch in British history. Her reign surpassed that of her great-great-grandmother, Queen Victoria.