Today Serena Williams will take to centre court after Rafael Nadal's match against Francisco Cerundolo in a much-anticipated return to Wimbledon. Williams's first-round singles match sees her face French player Harmony Tan, who is currently ranked 113th in the world. Fans may notice stickers on Williams' face today - but why does she wear them? Williams has returned to Wimbledon this week as a wildcard, following a 12-month absence due to injury. During her bout at Eastbourne International, viewers were quick to question why Williams was wearing plasters on her face. Playing doubles alongside Ons Jabeur last week, the pair unfortunately withdrew after the Tunisian suffered an injury to her right knee. Today fans will be eager to see Williams back in action at the famed Wimbledon tournament. Read More: Wimbledon order of play: When Nadal, Kyrgios and Serena Williams play When on court, Williams has often been seen wearing either black plasters or medical tape across her cheeks. The Times reported this is due to a sinus problem Williams has struggled with for a long time. Adding tape across her cheeks can be a way to prevent pain and prevent pressure. The practice is known as kinesiology taping and can be seen across the sporting world for various injuries or preventative measures. In 2007 Williams said of her sinus issues: “I’m a sinus sufferer. "Playing tennis or pretty much doing anything every day is not easy when you have sinuses. "You feel a lot of pressure, congestion and pain and training for grand slams...it’s not easy.” Often conditions like sinusitis can be painful, triggering headaches, pain and tenderness around the cheeks and even a reduced sense of smell. Healthinmotion.org explains: "Taping therapy uses a specially designed elastic tape, with no pharmacological agents, to help (1) reduce pain, (2) reduce swelling (oedema); or (3) improve muscle performance. "Overall, the tape helps to reduce recovery time for acute injury. "The function it serves will depend on how the tape is applied to the body." The site lists blocked facial sinuses as one condition that benefits from taping. What time is Serena Williams playing today? For those wanting to watch Williams' return to Wimbledon, the estimated start time at the time of writing is 5pm. This is subject to change and could be later or earlier depending on how long Rafael Nadal's match against Francisco Cerundolo lasts. You can watch the match on BBC iPlayer or BBC One for free. If Williams beats Tan, she will go on to face Spain's Sara Sorribes Tormo or Christina McHale from the USA. Tormo currently ranks world 32, while McHale is 261.