A man from London has told Express.co.uk about a simple but unusual way he makes money and he doesn’t even have to leave the house. Anyone can do it and it takes just 15 minutes to get going. As the cost of living continues to spiral, many people will have exhausted every single money saving tip. Millions of people have been cancelling their subscription services, shopping savvier and switching everything off after use. But what does one do when there’s no wriggle room left? Express.co.uk spoke to money expert Jordan White who shared his knowledge on how to make money from home with very little effort. READ MORE: Boris Johnson announces big change to ISAs in Universal Credit change Jordan rents out his pressure washer to other people who don’t have one through a website called Fat Llama. While it doesn’t earn him a fortune, it does help put money aside for soaring bills or the odd treat. He told Express.co.uk: “I've made over £50… it’s practically paid for itself. “In-demand items are things that other people don't want cluttering up their home or are too expensive for something they only want to use once or twice.” DON'T MISSGas boilers MUST be banned Boris Johnson’s ‘tsar’ insists [ALERT]Millions to get extra £650 payment in next few weeks [UPDATE]Smart meter warning: Households losing £429 a year [WARNING] The best thing about this idea is that it takes very little leg work. The blogger said: “It's also very easy once up and running so takes very little admin.” People may not have a pressure washer but they might have items like a professional carpet cleaner or a trailer tent sitting at home that they could be making money out of. Renting out a professional carpet cleaner to neighbours could earn people up to £32 a day. It’s unlikely it would be hired out every single day but even if it was on hire for half the month that would be £480 in the bank! Jordan added: “Money making ideas can provide a useful source of additional income, but be realistic and don't get sucked into 'get rich, quick' schemes or ads. “Little things here and there to earn a bit of cash on the side is the way to go.” Jordan started his blog during lockdown, having always had a passion for finding a great deal.   The money blogger shared some tips for others looking to follow in his footsteps: “I've found that by undercutting everybody else renting the same item in my area by even just 50p, it’s increased the number of rental requests I've had. “In fact, I've had times where somebody has failed to cancel on time so I've still been paid for doing nothing. “It's also worth taking the time to leave reviews of people who've rented your items as it encourages them to do the same… my rentals have had a boost since I've picked up five star reviews from customers. “From then on, it's a pretty passive way of making extra cash. All you have to do is respond to any rental requests and arrange a time for pickup and return.“Any damage or loss is covered by Fat Llama but I've never had any issues.” 