The young boy has been hailed as a "hero" after helping the military locate a convoy of Russian military vehicles which was heading toward Kyiv. Andrii Pokrasa, 15, who lives on the outskirts of the capital, was approached by the army at the beginning of the war after his father got in touch with local defenders and told them about his son's experience with drones. The skateboarding schoolboy turned out to be the only person with experience of operating drones in that area. Ukrainian forces provided him with information on where the approaching convoy would roughly be and asked him to send them the exact GPS coordinates of the advancing Russian vehicles. Andrii told Global news: “They provided us information where approximately the Russian column could be. Our goal was to find the exact coordinates and provide the coordinates to the soldiers. “It was one of the biggest columns that was moving on the Zhytomyr road and we managed to find it because one of the trucks turned on its lights for a long time. “I gave them the coordinates and photos, and after that they targeted the location. "And I needed to coordinate more specifically where they should shell with artillery.” After taking his drone to a nearby field, Andrii was able to take photos and figure out the coordinates of the incoming convoy. He described the moment he spotted the convoy as “very, very scary”, but was determined not to let the Russians succeed in invading his town. He sent these details to a territorial defence unit via social media, who were then able to stop the forces near Berezivka, which lies around 40 kilometres west of Kyiv. Yurii Kasjanov, the commander of a territorial defence unit that liaised with the teenager, told Global News: '[Andrii] was the only one who was experienced with drones in that region. "He's a real hero. A hero of Ukraine." Drones have been used widely during the Russian invasion to document evidence of war crimes and troop movements. The detailed cache of evidence is often shared widely on social media and with the Ukrainian forces. The Ukrainian military has also been known to use drones in methods of untraditional warfare. There has been reports of them using the drones to drop grenades on top of tanks and armoured vehicles. This is often a successful method of attack because the top of these vehicles are usually less well protected. Taras Troiak, a former drone retailer who heads the Federation of Drone Owners of Ukraine, told Global News: “It’s a game-changer for the war. "If we didn’t have such operators and drones who can help the Ukrainian army, I think Kyiv already could be occupied by Russian forces.” Mr Troiak set up a Facebook group to encourage civilian drone operators to help the Ukrainian war effort by locating Russian forces and informing the military. About 1,000 civilian operators have since joined the effort, and drones have been arriving from supporters in Europe and North America, he said.