The Queen is staying at her official Scottish residence Holyrood House for the traditional Holyrood week, even though she has severely cut back on royal engagements recently. Prince Edward, and his wife, Sophie, travelled with the Queen to appear for the celebrations. The Queen is expected to stay at her Scottish home until July 1 and will be attending a limited number of engagements this week. She is also due to meet with Scottish leader Nicola Sturgeon, who launched her party’s fresh independence campaign last week. Later this week, she will be joined by her son Prince Charles who will attend a garden party in the grounds of the palace in her stead. Holyrood Palace sits at the tip of the Royal Mile, the Scottish capital's most famous street. READ MORE: Queen still 'adores' Prince Harry as friend speaks out The landmark is just opposite the Scottish parliament building and is overlooked by the Salisbury Crags and Arthur’s Seat. The iconic property dates back to the 12th century, and these days is a popular tourist attraction when the Royal Family isn’t in residence. The Queen has often voiced her love of Scotland, and it is also home to one of her favourite homes, Balmoral in Aberdeenshire. The Queen usually travels to her northern home after Holyrood week, but it is unconfirmed if this is the case this time. No official estimation of the worth of the Queen’s palaces is available, but that doesn’t stop experts from having a crack at it. According to a recent survey by retirement home builders McCarthy and Stone, the Palace of Holyrood House is worth £55.1 million. The builders put the property as the Queen’s ninth most expensive, with Buckingham Palace naturally topping the list. DON'T MISSAndrew’s sex accuser to face Ghislaine Maxwell in court [INSIGHT]Fergie weight loss: How Duchess of York 'lost close to 50 pounds' [EXPLAINER]The most unusual hairstyles you might have missed from Queen [ANALYSIS] London homes dominate the top five, with St James’s Palace being worth £600 million, and Kensington Palace worth £580 million. Her other Scottish home Balmoral is the seventh most expensive property, and is privately owned by the Queen. Holyrood Palace is owned by the state, so does not officially belong to Her Majesty. According to their estimations, the Queen’s residences were found to be worth a combined £3.7 billion. The Queen’s residences, in order of worth, are: