Kevin Costner, Kelly Reilly, Wes Bentley and Luke Grimes will be back as the dysfunctional Dutton family this November when the fifth season of Yellowstone finally hits screens. Filming for the hit Paramount Network drama is currently underway in Montana, and the Dutton family, the bunkhouse crew and the show’s regular supporting players are confirmed to be joined by some familiar and new faces this time around. The Yellowstone cast will look rather different when Taylor Sheridan’s wildly successful drama returns to screens this winter. Four newcomers, Kai Caster, Lainey Wilson, Lilli Kay, and Dawn Olivieri will all be joining the series as recurring stars next season. Kai is best known for his role as Dirk Bennet in The Baxters, while country singer-songwriter Lainey is following in the footsteps of 1883 stars Faith Hill and Tim McGraw. Lilli has appeared in the hit Bryan Craston-led series Your Honor and Dawn is known for roles in Heroes and House of Lies. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen lands new project She has also previously portrayed Claire Dutton in Yellowstone spin-off 1883, though this time will portray corporate shark and Montana newcomer Sarah Atwood. Kai will portray the ranch’s new cowboy, Rowdy, Lilli will play Dutton assistant Clara Brewer and Lainey joins as musician Abby. This week, the show’s former guest star Josh Lucas was also confirmed to be returning for season five. Josh’s last appearance as a young John Dutton occurred all the way back in 2019. Plus, recurring cast members Kylie Rogers and Kyle Red Silverstein will be back for more flashbacks as young Beth Dutton and Rip Wheeler. Also returning for the new season will be Jacki Weaver’s Caroline Warner. Caroline made herself known as the ranch’s greatest threat yet when the Market Equities CEO swooped in to finish the job started by Roarke Morris (Josh Holloway) in season three. Additionally, recurring stars Mo Brings Plenty (Mo) and Wendy Moniz (Governor Lynelle Perry) have been promoted to series regulars. DON'T MISS:Joanna Lumley in tears over Queen’s Jubilee skit [VIDEO]Power fans thrilled as Joseph Sikora begins Force season 2 [LATEST]The Boys delay: Boss issues apology after episode 4 delayed [COMMENT] They join previously promoted cast members Jen Landon (Teeter) and Kathryn Kelly (Emily). Season five’s casting news marks the biggest expansion for the series since Yellowstone’s first season became a surprise hit in 2019. It has since become one of the USA’s biggest shows and pulled in record viewing figures for Paramount with this year’s season finale. The November premiere will kick off with the aftermath of the death of Garrett Randall (played by Will Patton), Beth’s marriage to Rip, Jimmy’s (Jefferson White) departure and several other major revelations for the ranch. John and his family’s war with Market Equities will also only intensify after Caroline swore to Beth their land would be hers after the shrewd Dutton banker swindled the land-buyers. Production is currently making good progress in Montana, so hopefully it shouldn’t be too long before fans are given their first details of what to expect from the next season. Also joining the new cast for season five are returning players Kelsey Asbille, Brecken Merrill, Forrie J Smith, Denim Richards, Ian Bohen, Finn Little, Ryan Bingham and Gil Birmingham. Yellowstone season 5 will premiere on Sunday, November 13 on the Paramount Network in the USA. Seasons 1-4 will be available to stream on Paramount Plus when it launches in the UK later this year.