There are many ways to clean an oven, from using specific products to using homemade solutions. It is important to get it right when cleaning the oven so no damage is caused when cleaning it. To clean the doors and racks, one expert has recommended making a cheap “homemade degreaser”. Dean Davies, oven cleaning technician at Fantastic, said: “If you want to clean your oven without any harsh chemicals, simply place a heat-resistant container of water inside while it’s still warm after cooking. “Let it sit for 20 minutes, then turn off the oven and allow it to cool completely. “Then wipe out the inside with a damp cloth.” Doing this is great for those who keep on top of their oven cleaning as it makes sure nothing sets. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ ways to get rid of mice in homes with natural scents What’s more, it is virtually free. However, for anyone dealing with “extra greasy” areas, the expert recommended making a “homemade degreaser”. He said: “Combine two tablespoons of baking soda with one teaspoon of water. “Add a few drops of essential oils for a pleasant scent. DON'T MISS:Monty Don shares what plants to ‘prune now’ [EXPERT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer boosts house value by £51k [PICUTRES]Mrs Hinch fans share hack to get rid of ‘musty’ washing machine smells [COMMENT] “For best results, apply this mixture to your oven and let it sit overnight. “In the morning, wipe it away with a cloth dampened in a vinegar and water solution.” Cleaning oven shelves can also be a tricky task and is often forgotten about. If you have a bathtub, Dean recommended using that to lay the racks in, submerging them in hot water. The cleaning expert added: “If the shelves are in need of a deep clean, consider using dishwasher tablets. “They work just as well as cleaning solutions made specifically for ovens, and they’re much easier to come by. “Just pop a couple in and let the shelves soak for at least four or five hours, overnight is even better. “Once soaked, you should be able to wipe the stains off easily. “If there are any remaining spots, use a non-abrasive sponge or brush.” If the door is removable, it can also be soaked in the bath with hot water and a dishwasher tablet. Dean continued: “However, if the door is particularly dirty or stained, you may need to put in some extra effort to clean it properly. “In this case, I recommend using a glass scraper, which is ideal for removing tough stains.”