According to data by the Office for National Statistics, there are over one million more disabled people in employment in comparison to five years ago, with praise for this going to the Government’s manifesto made in 2017. Express.co.uk spoke to two disabled employees on what it is like navigating employment, and whether Government promises have been delivered.  The Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work, Chloe Smith, commented on the Government’s success: “This is an important milestone showing our commitment to supporting disabled people to lead independent lives and reach their full potential.” Director of Strategy at disability equality charity Scope, James Taylor, also commented on the achievement: “The bigger picture is more complicated. Getting a job is still tough if you are disabled. We’ve heard from disabled people who have had to apply for hundreds of jobs, who have been continuously overlooked and have found it incredibly hard to progress once they are in work. The challenge now for the government is to make sure that disabled people have the support to stay in and thrive in work.” Hannah Deakin, 31, has recently started her first job working as a finance administrator, a job she thoroughly enjoys but more importantly helps her feel she is “contributing to society”. She shared: “If you are employed and can financially support yourself then you are independent, and not at the mercy of the benefits system.” Ms Deakin is able to retain her Employment and Support Allowance payments as she does "permitted work" for just 10 hours a week, but noted she is nervous about reaching the threshold in the future. She said: “If and when I am able to earn slightly more I will then not get any ESA. Initially, if it is only a few more hours for example 12 hours a week I would actually be worse off then just on ESA and not working at all. “I can understand people being wary of going to work as they might be worse off. It doesn’t encourage people to work. Also if you have high additional disability-related costs that you suddenly cannot afford what are you supposed to do?” Ms Deakin shared: “A tapered system would work much better. Encouraging people into work if possible but not making them worse off. At the moment, for example on Employment and Support Allowance there is a big jump from going from working on benefits, permitted work, to getting nothing.” Ms Deakin suffers from complex regional pain syndrome, hypermobility syndrome, spasms, functional neurological disorder, osteoporosis and has a plated femur due to a spiral fracture. Her daily life involves severe pain, fatigue and spasms and largely relies on her powerchair to get around, but despite all of this she has a hefty list of accomplishments. She is a qualified Accounting Technician and is MAAT qualified, with the hopes of becoming a chartered accountant. However, due to her disabilities she is only able to work a few hours per week which proved to be a large barrier in getting employment, as she explained: “I was really worried about how I would get a job especially when initially I was looking for a job for four hours a week. Where do you see a job advertised for four hours a week? Also, I was worried people would think I would be off sick all the time or unreliable.” Thankfully she found an opportunity which allowed her to show her skills, although she commented “you shouldn’t have to ‘prove’ yourself”. This opportunity soon turned into a job and additional assistance was provided to her through the Access to Work scheme, but she noted the waiting times for this scheme “could mean people losing out on positions”. Ms Deakin has been waiting nine weeks for a referral for the scheme, and noted she’s heard of others “waiting several months longer”. Charles Bloch, 28, who is registered blind and working as a customer relationship and data supervisor at Belgrave Theatre in Coventry, also noted that some Access to Work processes are “backwards” in his experience. He shared: “Both the organisations had never heard of it before so I had to walk them through the process which is fine because it’s something that I know that I need. There are delays and you have to apply in a certain amount of time, if you’ve worked over six weeks and then apply the organisation has to then contribute 50 percent of the costs which sometimes is just not doable.” Mr Bloch noted especially in his current organisation, which is a charity, paying the upfront costs of some necessary accommodations he requires can be tricky for the business. Additionally, Access to Work provides him with essential assistance for transport although it does come at a cost. He said: “With my taxis I have to keep all the receipts and do the logging, they don’t accept anything digitally and being a blind person having to write everything down is fun. It’s one of these services that's maybe been created by someone that hasn’t got a disability but it’s better than not having the service at all.” Mr Bloch also received ESA whilst looking for work, which made him even more eager to get into the working world. He shared: “When I was on benefits, I knew that I could do more and I didn’t want to be someone who’s claiming benefits and not doing anything I wanted to do something I loved. I was just so eager to do that and that’s why I applied for hundreds if not thousands of jobs, it was a full-time job applying for jobs and trying to keep track of replies. That’s how I was brought up.” Thanks to thorough discussions with the hiring manager before he started his first job, Mr Bloch knew he would be better off on his salary than on ESA, but getting to this point in the hiring process was an entirely different scenario. Mr Bloch revealed that as a blind person, with just 10 percent of his vision remaining, he has to do “so much more research” on the location and culture of the companies than other jobseekers do. He shared: “I’m very independent so I don’t have anyone locally to me that supports me with a car so I need to find my way. If I’ve had a long, stressful day at work I’m not going to fancy doing a really complicated journey home or having to walk in the pouring rain for a long time. I have to do so much more research on the organisation and where they are. “As well around their cultural views around disability and how they approach things. It’s hard to not think about someone’s barriers when considering them for a post. With my mindset I see it as ‘Because of my disability I do this, this and this marvellously’ I’ve got really good hearing because I’ve trained my ears up to be really sensitive to things.” Mr Bloch studied digital marketing at university and received a first class honours degree, but having difficulty finding a job after such educational success “was quite disheartening”. In his own words, Mr Bloch shared that he is not visibly disabled saying “I look fully able, but I come with a four-legged friend called Carlo and he gives it away effectively". Because of this he dabbled in how to approach his disability when applying for work: where to mention it and how to approach it. He concluded that the job market needs to have “more chances and less concern” when it comes to hiring disabled employees. He said: “Having more people talking about it and finding ways to overcome potential barriers would make things so much more inviting for disabled people. It would definitely clean up a lot of people’s misconceptions.”