The royal pair looked casual as they arrived at the festival on Friday to enjoy the first official day of music. Royal fans have gone wild over the latest pictures of the couple. Beatrice, 33, wore a khaki shirt dress, chic sunglasses and white plimsolls for the occasion. The first time Glastonbury has gone ahead since pre-Covid. The dress appeared to be trimmed with gold thread along its edges. Meanwhile, Edoardo looked cool and casual in a plain white t-shirt, an open black shirt and matching tight-fitting black jeans. He matched his wife and was wearing with white trainers.  Edoardo was also seen carrying a pair of sophisticated-looking sunglasses for the day. The photos have caused a social media frenzy among royal fans. Commenting on the photos, one user wrote: "Love the dress and adore the Castro touch". Another wrote: "Beatrice looks lovely and Edo is stunning." READ MORE: Meghan & Harry's royal wedding is still most popular - 'extraordinary' One simply wrote: "Beautiful couple". It is not known whether the couple brought their daughter, nine-month-old Sienna Elizabeth Mapelli Mozzi, with them to the festival at Worthy Farm. It was the pair's second outing in as many days as they enjoyed a party at the National Gallery in London on Thursday night. The party, called The Alchemist's Feast, was the inaugural summer party and fundraiser for the Gallery's Bicentenary campaign. DON'T MISS:Queen Maxima dons £1,535 tie-dye dress with beautiful Dutch Princesses [INSIGHT]Kate is 'power behind William' - she 'implants ideas' for Duke [COMMENT]Pretty in pink! The best outfits worn by royals like Kate and Zara [ANALYSIS] The royal couple has been seen in public together a lot more recently, often attending events as working royals. Edoardo, 38, initially kept a low profile when he and Beatrice started dating in late 2018. The pair later got engaged in 2019 and then tied the knot in July 2020 in an intimate ceremony at Windsor.  They welcomed their first child, Sienna, in September last year.