Sweat patches can be embarrassing and uncomfortable while at work or in a social setting, but they can be hard to avoid when you’re struggling to beat the heat. Not only are they a nuisance to deal with while wearing clothing, but the stains can also be hard to remove in the wash too. Luckily, stopping sweat patches in their tracks is easier than you might think, and these are the best remedies to try if you’re struggling with them in the hot weather. Deodorant and antiperspirants are one of the easiest ways to reduce and prevent odours and sweat, but they’re not always completely effective in extreme heat. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, GP Dr Ross Perry, Medical Director of Cosmedics, said: “A certain amount of sweating is normal, particularly when the weather is hot and we all suffer from this. “However, excessive sweating, a condition known as hyperhidrosis, is often made worse once the person starts thinking about the sweating, creating an anxiety loop which can make the sweating even more profuse.” While showering morning and night using a gentle cleansing shower wash or gel will help you feel more refreshed and clean, it won’t actually stop sweating. So what can you do instead? READ MORE: Hair loss: 'Hair-care' habits ‘responsible’ for permanent hair loss Tight clothing can exacerbate sweat patches by leaving little room between your skin and the fabric. Instead, Dr Perry recommended wearing loose-fitting, cotton clothing which won’t show sweat patches. It is also best to avoid grey and marl colours as these highlight sweat patches more easily. Under-performing deodorant and antiperspirant products can be frustrating, but it might be caused by the way you apply them rather than the product itself. According to Dr Perry, the underarms should be clean and dry before using antiperspirant, and it should also be applied both in the morning after showering and just before you go to bed. This is because the ingredients need time to create the block over the sweat duct and most people sweat less, or not at all, at night. Spicy food can trigger a similar reaction in the body that occurs when exposed to other types of heat. Effectively, the body will try to cool down by sweating as a means of regulating your temperature. It’s not just spicy foods that should be avoided either. In fact, caffeine is just as bad as it stimulates the adrenal glands which play a key role in the sweating process. Overdoing it on caffeine in the hot weather will often trigger sweating in more than one place, affecting the palms, feet and underarms. DON'T MISS:Hayfever diet: Two foods worth eating to ease symptoms [INSIGHT]Do you have Omicron BA.2? The clue is in the symptoms says professor [REVEAL]'Essential' laundry steps to tackle hay fever symptoms like itchy eyes [ANALYSIS] Perhaps the most effective method for sweating caused by environmental factors is finding ways to stay cool. Dr Ross recommended staying out of the sun and sitting in the shade outside while using fans to cool rooms indoors. He recommended using handled fans while travelling too and keeping hydrated by drinking plenty of water. While this debilitating condition can be managed with the preventive measures listed above, finding a long-term treatment is not always easy. Dr Ross explained: “Until recently the only treatments available for severe sweating were driclor - an aluminium based deodorant that can help in some cases of severe sweating but often causes skin irritation. “Luckily for people there are now Botox injections for sweating that stop underarm wetness for 6-7 months.” Botox injections work by stopping the sweat glands from over firing and producing too much sweat. Dr Ross added: “There is no effect on sweating elsewhere as it is a targeted treatment for small localised areas such as the underarms, hands or head.” According to the NHS website, you should speak to a GP: The GP may refer you for tests if they think another condition may be causing your sweating.