Gardeners’ World lead host Monty Don shared which jobs gardeners can do this week in their gardens on the latest episode of the the show. The gardening expert also shared how to plant clematis and courgettes and get nasturtiums to “flower well”. At the end of the show, the 66-year-old shared his jobs for the weekend which included a hack for “extending flowering season” of certain plants. Monty’s tips for the weekend: Broad beans can be sown from February to May and in October and November. The crop can be harvested from May through to July. Gardeners growing the crop may find their plants covered in black fly, but Monty assured this is nothing to worry about. He said: “If your broad beans or smothered with black fly, don't worry, this won't affect the production of beans. READ MORE: Homes Under the Hammer mum increases a home’s value by £95k “But it's a good idea to pinch out the tops of the plant, which will remove the soft succulent growth they are attracted to and also promote the bean production in the pods below.” The Chelsea chop is usually carried out at the end of May to coincide with the Chelsea Flower Show. The technique is a pruning method which limits the size and controls the flowering season of certain plants. Monty said “it’s not too late” to try the technique now on perennials to “extend the flowering season”.  DON'T MISSHow to clean gold - the only DIY method you should ever use [INSIGHT]How to clean washing machine seals with white vinegar - ‘best way’ [UPDATE]Garden cleaning hacks: ‘Best techniques’ to revive your garden shed [ANALYSIS] He said: “It's not too late to do the Chelsea chop. “Now what this means is cutting back late flowering perennials like rudbeckias, heleniums or asters. “This will result in a number of effects. “The first is to stagger the heights of the plants. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “The second is to delay flowering in those you cut back so therefore extend your flowering season. “Also, by cutting them back you'll promote more side shoots, which means more flowers.” Gardeners should not start hacking away at their hedges now but can start to tidy them. Cutting hedges now could risk disturbing nesting birds.  However, certain areas of hedging can be trimmed back. Monty explained: “But it's a good idea to lightly trim back the vertical faces of any gaps in hedges - the points where you pass in and out. “This will have the effect of crisping up the whole garden.” Gardeners’ World can be streamed on BBC iPlayer.