The Duke of Cambridge has become one of the most prominent figures within the Royal Family. Prince William has recently attended a number of high profile events in lieu of the Queen's absence, including the State Opening of Parliament. Another particularly poignant event attended by William but missed by the Queen in recent weeks has been the service of thanksgiving for her reign and life held at St Paul's Cathedral on June 3. Both these occasions served to focus the Duke's mind, according to a close aide of William. They told The Sunday Times: "There is a sense of the future accelerating towards him, which is tinged with profound sadness — though he would never say it publicly — because of the implication that his grandmother would no longer be around, the added pressures on his father and his family being under even more scrutiny." After the end of the Queen's reign, Prince Charles will accede to the throne. The Queen made it clear in her statement dated February 5 she wants Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, to be given the title of Queen Consort once the succession takes place, despite an earlier announcement by Clarence House the Duchess would assume the title of Princess Consort. Once Charles is King, Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, will automatically inherit the titles of Duke and Duchess of Cornwall. However, it will be up to the new sovereign to decide whether to pass on the title of Prince of Wales to his son and heir or put it into abeyance. A friend of the Duke also stressed how William is aware of the leading role himself, his wife and children will need to have in the Firm. READ MORE: Queen 'laying the groundwork' ahead of next reign to smooth transition The friend told the Sunday publication: "He knows the future [of the monarchy] rests on his, Catherine’s and his kids’ shoulders, and that’s a lot of pressure." Kate and William have been slowly introducing their children to royal duties. Prince George and Princess Charlotte, eight and seven respectively, have been marking a series of personal firsts over the past years. In 2019, they carried out their first royal walkabout after attending the Christmas Day service at St Mary Magdalene Church in Sandringham. One year later, with their younger brother Prince Louis, the Cambridge children walked down a red carpet and attended with Kate and William a special panto performance at the London Palladium. In March, Charlotte and George attended for the first time a major royal gathering, the service of thanksgiving for Prince Philip. A few weeks later, they headed to St George's Chapel with Kate and William for the Easter Day service. The three children were under the spotlight throughout the extended Platinum Jubilee weekend earlier this month. Louis, Charlotte and George took part for the first time in the carriage procession leading up to Horse Guards Parade ahead of the Trooping the Colour parade on June 2. They later joined the Queen and working royals on the balcony of Buckingham Palace. While they missed the service of thanksgiving, George and Charlotte were seated in the royal box between their parents for the Party at the Palace and carried out their first official visit to Wales on June 4. On the following day, after watching the pageant alongside many other working and non-working royals, the five Cambridges returned on the Palace balcony with the Queen. This appearance served to the Queen to thank the thousands of fans and well-wishers who gathered in The Mall to celebrate her as well as to showcase the future of the Firm - made of her three heirs and their close family. As third-in-line to the throne, Prince George is destined to accede to the throne after his father. According to royal author Robert Lacey, the eight-year-old was first introduced by his parents to the idea of becoming King at some point in the summer of 2020.