Netflix’s acclaimed crime series Ozark recently aired its fourth and final season, which was met with mixed reviews from fans. Although many were convinced it met a satisfying end, others questioned each character, including Wendy Byrde (played by Laura Linney) and her involvement in Javi’s death.  After four seasons of the Byrde family in the Missouri Ozarks, they were ready to put money laundering behind them and move back to Chicago. However, as fans witnessed, it was never going to be easy as their involvement with the Navarro cartel meant there were going to be tons of deaths. This was the case for many who came across the family as whoever threatened to expose their laundering or even got in the way was instantly murdered. Viewers watched in shock as Wyatt Langmore (Charlie Tahan) was killed by association after he married Darlene Snell (Lisa Emery), who had previously clashed with the Byrdes.  READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show This was a huge shock for his cousin, Ruth Langmore (Julia Garner) as she had also worked with the Byrde family and wanted to avenge Wyatt’s death. As Ruth had since stepped away from business with them, she was unaware Javi (Alfonso Herrera) , who killed her cousin, was the newly appointed Navarro cartel leader. Although she didn’t know what he looked like, she knew the Byrdes were dealing with him and followed them to Chicago, where she waited to kill him. After building up courage, she held Wendy, Marty Byrde (Jason Bateman) , and Clare Shaw (Katrina Lenk) hostage until they lured Javi into the offices.  Although Marty tried to talk her down and change her mind, when the cartel leader arrived, Ruth executed him. After it was revealed Wendy agreed to bring Javi in for ulterior and selfish reasons, fans questioned her motives and her part in his death. Taking to Reddit with a rant, user DeanBlandino stated: “One of the million exchanges that make no sense is when Ruth goes to Chicago to kill the head of the cartel. “Thinking that would kill everyone off and nobody can explain to her that means her entire family would be dead.  DON'T MISS...Dermot O'Leary takes swipe at Anton Du Beke over ticket sales [INSIGHT]Ozark’s Julia Garner details reaction to show boss over finale twist [INSIGHT]Ozark season 4: Hidden meaning in Byrdes car crash 'exposed' [INSIGHT] “Then they leave a public place where she can’t kill anyone and take her to a private location.” The user continued: “Then Wendy caves and invites Javi ‘because it’s inevitable’ and she kills him, then Wendy is mad at Marty because he picked Ruth over his family. HOW DID ANY OF THAT MAKE SENSE.” Although Javi’s death was shocking, Wendy was willing to give him up as she understood this meant she had free reign to do whatever she wanted. Other fans agreed with the post, as they questioned her true motives.  Another user Leather_Potential_79 added: “Letting Ruth kill Javi (in Clare Shaw’s office no less) ‘because it’s inevitable’ was such a nonsensical move. “And even more so was choosing Camila over Navarro when they barely knew her and she had done nothing but double-cross them and they had put in so much work into building up trust with Navarro. Made zero sense.” Following Javi’s death, his mother Camila gained the title of leader of the cartel and dove straight into business with the Byrdes. It was going well until Clare told Camila Ruth was the one who killed Javi and in true cartel boss form, Clare killed Wendy. Ozark is available on Netflix. 