The Prince of Wales, 73, delivered a keynote speech during the Platinum Party at Buckingham Palace on Saturday. Following a speech by comedian Stephen Fry, 64, the Duke of Cornwall and his wife Camilla Parker-Bowles, 74, took to the stage. Prince Charles paid a touching tribute to both the Queen, 96, and his late father Prince Philip. Speaking about the Duke of Edinburgh, who passed away last April aged 99, Charles said: “Your 'strength and stay' is much missed this evening but I am sure he is here in spirit. “My Papa would have enjoyed the show and joined us wholeheartedly in celebrating all you continue to do for your country and your people.” Praising his mother, the Duke of Rothesay added: “The scale of this evening’s celebration – and the outpouring of warmth and affection over this whole Jubilee weekend – is our way of saying thank you – thank you from your family, the country, the Commonwealth, in fact the whole world. JUST IN: 'Disrespectful!' BBC apologises after Irish tricolour flies at Platinum Jubilee concert “On behalf of us all, I wanted to pay my own tribute to your lifetime of selfless service in pictures, in words and in light. “Your family now spans four generations. You are our Head of State. And you are also our mother.” Around 22,000 people attended the event on the Mall to see performances from a star-studded line-up, which included Elton John, 75, Alicia Keys, 41, and Rod Stewart, 77. An average of nearly 12million people in the UK also tuned into BBC One to watch the major Platinum Jubilee event. The BBC said it had a 74.3 percent share of the audience, adding: “The Platinum Party at the Palace on BBC One was the most watched programme of the year so far.” Despite attending the Trooping of the Colour on Thursday, the Queen was unable to attend several Platinum Jubilee events, including the party at Buckingham Palace. Charles said: “I know The Queen is watching these celebrations with much emotion, having, I hope, finished her marmalade sandwich, including immense regret that she cannot be here in person with us this evening." In a later letter of thanks, the 96-year-old monarch added: “While I may not have attended every event in person, my heart has been with you all; and I remain committed to serving you to the best of my ability, supported by my family.” DON'T MISS: Jubilee LIVE: Meghan and Harry missing AGAIN as Sussexes absent [LIVE] POLL: Would you like to see more of Meghan and Harry after Jubilee? [VOTE] Fury at Harry and Meghan for keeping their children away [REACTION] But the Platinum Jubilee began with a pre-filmed sketch which showed Her Majesty's comedic side. The short clip saw the Queen share a pot of tea with Michael Bond's 1958 fictional character Paddington Bear. The monarch also confessed to the Peruvian, duffle-coat wearing Andean bear that she also carries a marmalade sandwich in her handbag.