Budget smartphones continue to impress with numerous manufacturers making devices that come packed with features for a bargain price. Nokia is perhaps the most famous firm for shaking things up with the company recently releasing its ludicrously cheap C21 Plus smartphone which costs just £99. That's impressive, but there's now another cut-priced device that's trying to find its way into your pocket with Motorola announcing the launch of its moto g62 5G. This £199 Android-powered phone looks pretty mighty on paper with it coming packed with upgrades you'd usually expect to find on a premium flagship such as the Galaxy S22 from Samsung. Firstly there's a pin-sharp, edge-to-edge 6.5-inch Full HD+ display that even gets a speedy 120Hz refresh rate - you don't even get that technology, which makes scrolling feel silky smooth, on some of the latest iPhones! Spin the moto g62 5G around and there's a triple-lens camera that includes a main 50-megapixel lens alongside an 8-megapixel snapper and dedicated 2MP Macro Vision camera. Motorola says this setup allows owners to record two different perspectives simultaneously with Dual Capture mode. READ MORE: Biggest WhatsApp update in years is now available on your phone - here's how to find it Head under the hood and you'll find a fast Qualcomm Snapdragon processor and, as the name of the phone suggests, it's fully compatible with the latest 5G data technology. This means you'll be able to download movies on the move at speeds in excess of 300Mbps - that's around four times faster than most home broadband can muster. Other extras worth a mention include a massive 5,000mAh battery, Dolby Atmos speakers the latest version of Android 12. One final bonus of the new moto g62 5G is that it features added security thanks to ThinkShield for mobile which times to safeguard data from malware, phishing and other threats. Motorola also promises four years of security updates which offer peace of mind to anyone who buys it. "The moto g family continues to grow and bring smarter technology to all", said Motorola. "Say hello to the moto g62 5G, the newest smartphone from Motorola. The device is built to entertain thanks to the premium display, the spatial sound experience of Dolby Atmos, advanced camera features and an impressive battery life to support it all." If all that sounds exciting then the moto g62 5G will roll out to the UK in the coming weeks with a price of £199.99. It will be available in Midnight Gray and Frosted Blue at Amazon, Argos, Currys, EE, Giff Gaff, John Lewis, Tesco, and Vodafone. FULL MOTO G62 5G SPECS SCREEN: 6.5” display with 120Hz refresh rate PROCESSOR: Snapdragon 480+ 5G Mobile Platform BATTERY: 5000mAh IP RATING: Water repellent only SECURITY: Fingerprint reader MEMORY: 128GB - expandable to 1TB CAMERAS: 50 MP sensor, Ultra-wide angle + Macro Vision CHARGING: 10W/15W OS: Android 12