Dozens of officers were seen lining up on the opposite side of the street to a large group, amid fears of a brawl between rival groups. Cumbria Police said the blockade was put in place to stop people who were coming to the town with "the intention of causing disorder". In a video posted to TikTok, officers were seen on one side of the street, while a big group was seen on the other. Two men were positioned in the middle, appearing to negotiate between the two sides. The group was eventually ordered to disperse before officers moved aside to let smaller groups pass through. The fair, in Appleby-in-Westmorland, is one of the largest gatherings for travellers in Europe and is a celebration of the travelling community. But there were mounting fears that violent disorder could take place at the event. Cumbria police put in place a section 60 order for the event, enhancing their powers of stop and search, after becoming aware of people heading to the fair with the "intention of causing disorder." Section 60 also authorises officers to require the removal of disguises, including face coverings and hoods.  A road in the area, Battlebarrow, was sealed off as a precautionary measure. Officers seized a number of weapons, including sticks, bats and blades.  Two men, aged 37 and 24, have been arrested on suspicion of violent disorder. Superintendent Matt Kennerley of Cumbria Police said: "Our officers acted swiftly to respond to the potential for disruption and prevent any escalation. "We are working to identify those involved so action can be taken. "The Section 60 and 60AA powers will help our officers to keep people safe. "However, I also urge anyone with information about potential disorder or any other type of criminality to contact the police.  "Policing resources will be increased in key areas and at key times. In addition, people may see armed police in the Appleby area to allow such officers to respond swiftly and effectively to any potential situation that arises. "Anyone who is seeking to come to the Fair to cause trouble or to be violent is not welcome. "Such people should stay away so those who wish to enjoy an enjoyable and safe Fair are free to do so." He added: "Expert officers are actively reviewing CCTV footage with the aim of identifying offenders and making further arrests. "A number of weapons, including sticks and bats of various types, as well as bladed weapons have also been seized by officers. "There is no place at Appleby for those who travel here intent on disorder and violence - and that is a message which comes not just from the police but the local, settled community and the overwhelming majority of the Gypsy and traveller community." 