Manchester United and Chelsea are reportedly ready to do battle for Ibrahim Sangare and the player is confident he will seal a move to the Premier League this summer, according to reports. The Ivory Coast international is well known to new United boss Erik ten Hag, who enjoyed a competitive rivalry with PSV Eindhoven during his time with Ajax. Now he could seek to weaken the KNVB Cup winners as a favour for his former side, by bringing Sangare to Old Trafford. According to Sky Sports, United and Chelsea are both interested in a deal to sign the 24-year-old, who has flourished in the Eredivisie this season. Sangare came close to joining Southampton in 2020 before opting to move to PSV from French side Toulouse following their relegation from Ligue 1. The move has paid dividends after two standout individual campaigns, which now look set to earn Sangare his big move to the Premier League. JUST IN: Liverpool 'make club-record Darwin Nunez bid' with Jurgen Klopp 'crazy' about transfer It's understood the Ivorian is 'confident' of securing a transfer to the Premier League this summer. Express Sport reported back in May 2020 that Newcastle and Everton were both interested in a deal before PSV stole a march on the two Premier League clubs and Southampton. Barcelona have also taken a look at the combative midfielder in the past. Sangare has 23 caps and five goals at international level and has been operating as a No 6 or box-to-box No 8 for PSV. READ MOREMan Utd can pay £2m more for better signing if Ajax star Jurrien Timber snubs transferBenfica respond to Man Utd 'swap deal offer for Darwin Nunez' with counter proposalLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting United need at least two central midfielders this summer to replace the departing Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic. The pair, who were both signed under Jose Mourinho, are set to leave on free transfers upon the expiry of their contracts in June. The Red Devils have been exploring the possibility of signing Frenkie de Jong but as of now, a move seems unlikely. De Jong would prefer to stay with Barcelona but United continue to probe in hope that the Catalonian giants crack under pressure and take the cash for the Dutchman. United's interest in De Jong is unlikely to be linked to their reported pursuit of Sangare. Meanwhile, Chelsea are looking to freshen up their midfield options as they target competition for Mateo Kovacic, N'Golo Kante and Jorginho. Kante's current contract is up in the summer of 2023 and as of now, talks have struggled to reach a positive conclusion. Jorginho has also been lined up for a return to Italy with both Juventus and Napoli but there is nothing concrete to suggest a move will materialise before the start of the 2022/23 campaign.