Losing weight is trial and error for many people. Some succeed by working out, whereas others need to make specific changes in their diets to see results. But regardless of a person's needs, they must ensure they have these six boxes checked when embarking on their weight loss journey. Expert nutritionist at Muscle Food Vic Coppin, revealed there are some essential tips people should follow in order to reach a successful outcome. Setting realistic goals is a must-do for weight loss or a person can fall off the motivation wagon very quickly. Vic explained: "We all need to ensure our goals are realistic with our lifestyle in mind; work, stress management, sleep, socialising etc. "These are the factors that make up your world outside of your goals and setting totally unrealistic goals that involve you having to drastically turn your life upside down or go against your core values is likely to be highly unsustainable." She added: "So think big, sure! But be sure to know the steps and actions you need to take to realistically achieve it." READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Knowing where to start can be a huge part of weight loss challenge, and it can be a lonely one. "We can all feel vulnerable about embarking on changes when it comes to our fitness and nutrition," Vic acknowledged. "Find people who understand you, and who will be able to support you on your journey - that might be a gym buddy, a partner or a coach. "Having someone in your corner will really help make a huge difference and keep you showing up." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] There has long been a stigma around weight lifting but it doesn't mean a person will take on the appearance of a professional bodybuilder. Vic revealed that resistance training is a great way to support the body during a weight loss journey. "Whilst there is no one ‘best exercise’ for everyone, something key to consider is that as we experience changes to our muscle mass and bone density, resistance training can support us greatly," she said. "Through retention of muscle and bone density, we reduce the risk of falls, and the risk of injury, and generally set ourselves up to stay stronger for longer."  How many calories a person consumes a day will; all depend on that individual's needs and goals. Vic explained: "While there are physiological differences in calorie needs for men and women, this does not necessarily mean that women will need fewer calories (energy) than male counterparts. "Your energy needs are also going to be greatly dictated by your lifestyle, overall activity levels, training and goals."  A nutritional balanced diet is a very important part of leading a healthy lifestyle. Vic revealed that by spending time cultivating mindful eating techniques, it will "positively influence other areas of our life", too. "Spending more time eating meals distraction-free, paying more attention to what we’re eating and our levels of hunger and satiety are great skills that set us up for a better relationship with food and with the act of eating," she said.