Prince Harry was due to release his autobiography this spring but the release date was postponed to the autumn, following his return to the UK for the Platinum Jubilee. Royal commentators suggested the delay was part of a strategy to ensure the Duke of Sussex could include snipped of his experience back in the UK into the book. But royal author Christopher Andersen claimed fears of further bombshell claims pushed the Royal Family to keep Prince Harry and Meghan Markle at a distance during their stay. Speaking to Royally Us, Mr Andersen said: "There's a lot of tension. "And what I think it boils down to is not only what happened in the recent past with Megxit. And with the Oprah interview and all that. "But the Royal Family is terrified about what is going to be contained in that book that Harry might be publishing at the end of this year. "So one can imagine they're thinking, 'well, why make nice now when in a matter of months we could all be skewered?' So that's understandable as well but it's sad." JUST IN: Prince Charles warned 'be careful' - MPs close in on royal over political 'meddllng' He added: "The whole world was watching and waiting to see if fences would be mended, if the Sussexes got back together with the rest of the family. "From that standpoint, it was an unmitigated disaster. It's hard to see how the Royal Family could've been any more callous towards the Sussexes. "They were meticulously choreographed in every instant to be sidelined and marginalised. If Harry went to London's Jubilee celebrations hoping to mend fences, that didn't happen." Prince Harry and Meghan Markle kept a low profile during their stay in the UK, appearing in public only once throughout the Jubilee weekend. They were spotted attending Trooping the Colour with most of the Royal Family but were excluded from both the carriage procession and the balcony appearance. The Queen instead opted to limit the event to working family members, including Prince Charles and Prince William with his family. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex attended the thanksgiving service at St Paul's Cathedral but skipped a lunch organised at the Guildhall attended by other royals. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry touted for Strictly appearance [LIVE] Princess Beatrice's sweet connection to Harry and Meghan laid bare [REVEAL] Prince Harry will be 'haunted' by Jubilee for 'rest of his life'[INSIGHT] The pair are believed to have met with the Queen in Windsor, where they stayed with their family at their UK residence at Frogmore Cottage. But they are reported to have been kept from bringing a personal photographer when first introducing their daughter, Lilibet Diana, to Her Majesty. Harry and Meghan kept busy during the Jubilee, meeting with friends and holding a small birthday party for Lilibet's first birthday. And as the Royal Family marked the end of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations at the People's Parade in London, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex whisked their children back to sunny California.