Alexander Zverev’s brother has shared a positive update after the world No 3 underwent surgery for the freak injury he picked up in his French Open semi-final against Rafael Nadal. The German recently confirmed that he had torn several ligaments in his ankle and was already beginning his rehab though Wimbledon looks severely in doubt with the tournament less than three weeks away. Zverev went down on his ankle during his French Open semi-final, crying out in pain and needing a wheelchair to leave the court before re-emerging on crutches to retire. The 25-year-old has already undergone surgery after confirming “all three of the lateral ligaments in my right ankle were torn.” The German will rise to a career-high ranking of world No 2 next week which makes him the top seed at Wimbledon with soon-to-be world No 1 Daniil Medvedev banned but it appears highly unlikely that Zverev will recover in time, with a previous timeline claiming he would be out for six to eight weeks, with hopes of being back in time for the US Open. Zverev’s brother has now offered a fresh update on the 19-time title winner’s injury but failed to give an outline on when he would return to the tour, though confirmed the world No 3 was doing “very well”. “The ligaments were damaged, but the syndesmosis ligament and the capsule are intact,” he told Eurosport Germany. JUST IN: Federer set to get Alcaraz wish as Spaniard outlines his intentions  "He is doing very well under the circumstances, he immediately had a smile on his face and we spoke on the phone several times.” But it seems Zverev is still struggling with one aspect of his injury - the boredom of recovery. The former world No 25 continued: "Sascha said: ‘Come over, I’m bored, let’s play Playstation.’ He gave me a Lego package with 9,000 pieces for the birth of my second son. I think I’ll give it back to him, because now he has enough time to build the Colosseum.” DON'T MISSRafael Nadal's doctor explains 'rare' injury and comeback timelineCarlos Alcaraz withdraws from UK event with pre-Wimbledon injuryRaducanu will make Wimbledon return but injury set to scupper build-up  The Olympic champion returned to his home country of Germany following his premature exit from the French Open to undergo further examination and his surgery but, according to Mischa, will fly back to his home in Monaco after leaving hospital. Zverev has already withdrawn from his home tournament in Halle next week - one of the ATP 500 events held in the lead-up to Wimbledon - casting doubt over his chances of returning to the All England Club. 