In the face of soaring energy bills, rising inflation and higher living costs, it's more important than ever that older people make sure they are claiming all the financial support they are entitled to. Many people are entitled to Attendance Allowance but may not know enough about it to make a claim. Attendance Allowance helps Britons of state pension age and older with extra costs if they have a physical or mental disability or illness severe enough that makes it hard for them to look after themselves. It does not cover mobility needs. It can help people stay independent in their own home for longer. Claimants do not need to have someone caring for them in order to apply. Britons should apply for Attendance Allowance if they have a disability or illness and need help or supervision throughout the day or at times during the night - even if they don’t currently get that help. READ MORE: NHS prescriptions eligibility: 15 groups of people could get free prescriptions The Daily Record gave examples of conditions that provide Attendance Allowance support. They included: There are many more conditions that can provide attendance allowance support. Britons are encouraged to check out the official eligibility guidance on the GOV.UK website. People could receive £61.85 per week if they need help during the day or at night. They could get £92.40 a week if they need help during the day and at night, or if they are terminally ill. The benefit is paid every four weeks , which means people could receive either £247.40 or £369.60 every pay period. Someone can spend the money however they chose and it could help them stay independent in your own home for longer. This might include: Attendance Allowance isn't means-tested so it doesn't matter what other money people have coming in or how much they have in savings either - there's no limit. It is also tax-free and they will be exempt from the Benefit Cap so they won't have money taken away from any other benefits. Moreover it does not affect state pension and they can even claim it if they’re still working and earning money. The other benefits one may get could increase if they get Attendance Allowance, these include: Britons won’t be able to get Attendance Allowance if they already get PIP or DLA to pay for their care.