Ewan McGregor has thanked fans for making Obi-Wan Kenobi a huge smash hit for Disney+ after the two-episode premiere dropped last week. However, main cast member Moses Ingram shared some of the racist direct messages she received in the wake of the series’ release, and her co-star has shared his heartfelt defence of the Star Wars newcomer. The Scottish Hollywood star has shared a personal video to defend Moses from the racist backlash she received following the release of the latest Star Wars chapter. On Monday this week, Moses took to Instagram to reveal screenshots of just some of the hate mail she received after her character Inquisitor Reva debuted last week. “[There are] hundreds of these,” she noted. “I also see those of you out there who put on a cape for me, and that really does mean the world to me because there’s nothing anybody can do about this. “There’s nothing anybody can do to stop this hate. But I think the thing that bothers me is this feeling that I’ve had inside of myself, which no one has told me, but this feeling of I just have to shut up and take it; I just have to grin and bear it and I’m not built like that.” READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show She went on to thank those who “show up for me in the comments and the places that I’m not going to put myself. And to the rest of y’all, y’all weird". Ewan has now stood in solidarity with Moses after the hatred she received from fans on social media. In his video, he said: “This weekend Star Wars fans made Obi-Wan Kenobi the most-watched Disney+ original series premiere of all time. “For that I would say a big thank you, and it just goes to show what this family can do when we all pull together.” Obi-Wan smashed viewing records for Disney+ premieres, and viewership of all Star Wars titles has tripled since its release. “However, it seems that some of the fanbase, from this influential fanbase, have decided to attack Moses Ingram online and send her the most horrendous, racist DMs,” Ewan continued. “I heard some of them this morning, and it just broke my heart. “Moses is a brilliant actor, she’s a brilliant woman, and she’s absolutely amazing in this series.” DON'T MISS:Big Bang Theory's Kaley Cuoco shares sad Flight Attendant update [LATEST]Stranger Things season 4: Major plot hole from comics explained [PLOT HOLE]The Last Kingdom’s Eliza Butterworth on surprise change to season 5 [INTERVIEW] “She brings so much to the series, she brings so much to the franchise. And it just sickened me to my stomach to hear that this had been happening. “I just wanted to say as the leading actor on the series, as the executive producer on the series, that we stand with Moses. “We love Moses, and if you’re sending her bullying messages, you’re no Star Wars fan in my mind. There’s no place for racism in this world, and I totally stand with Moses.” The official Star Wars Twitter account has also stated: "We are proud to welcome Moses Ingram to the Star Wars family and excited for Reva’s story to unfold.” “If anyone intends to make her feel in any way unwelcome, we have only one thing to say: we resist… There are more than 20 million sentient species in the Star Wars galaxy, don’t choose to be a racist.” The backlash against Moses’ casting follows a trend of actors speaking out against racism within the Star Wars fandom. Finn star John Boyega told British GQ: “Nobody else had the uproar and death threats sent to their Instagram DMs and social media, saying, ‘Black this and black that and you shouldn’t be a Stormtrooper.’ Nobody else had that experience.” And Rose Tico’s Kelly Marie Tran deleted her Instagram account following the harassment she received before and after the release of The Last Jedi. Obi-Wan Kenobi continues Wednesdays on Disney+.