UPDATE: Two new games from Genshin Impact devs HoYoverse were showcased at Summer Game Fest today. Brand new IP Zenless Zone Zero along with Honkai Star Rail - the follow-up to Honkai 3rd Impact - featured during the big gaming showcase. You can see the latest footage of these new games below... ORIGINAL: Genshin Impact fans interested in trying out the other games from HoYoverse need to tune into Summer Game Fest. The big Geoff Keighley-fronted event will be showcasing two games from the Chinese gaming giant - Zenless Zone Zero (aka ZZZ) and Honkai Star Rail - today. The former is the next game from Genshin Impact devs while the latter is a new addition to the Honaki series, with the current game Honkai Impact 3rd. Announcing the news the Summer Game Fest Twitter posted: "Getting ready for Zenless Zone Zero @ZZZ_EN joining #SummerGameFest on Thursday to reveal more of this fast-paced, stylish urban fantasy theme Action RPG from HoYoverse!" It later added: "This Thursday, see HoYoverse's upcoming strategy-RPG title Honkai: Star Rail @honkaistarrail to be part of #SummerGameFest to bring more about the epic interstellar voyage!" Zenless Zone Zero was recently unveiled during a stream last month. The stylish new game from the Genshin Impact creators is an urban fantasy action RPG. Closed beta test registration is currently available for the game heading to Windows and iOS. Alongside the big reveal of ZZZ last month, miHoYo also gave fans an insight into the game's story and its world. In a message to players, miHoYo said: "Distinguished Proxy, "This is a dangerous world under constant threat from the mysterious calamities known as the "Hollows", where the old civilization has been destroyed and world order lays in ruins. Fortunately, one city is still capable of dealing with the calamities: New Eridu. "A diverse group of people, each with their various reasons and beliefs gather here to challenge the Hollows. "And you, are their indispensable accomplice who guides them out of the Hollows, their "Proxy". "This is your story." If you want to find out more on both ZZZ and Honkai Star Rail make sure you tune into Summer Game Fest tonight. The action kicks off at 7pm UK time, which for those in other regions is 11am eastern time, 2pm pacific time and 8pm CEST.