Around 15,000 passengers on 90 flights are likely to be affected by the cancellations. Virgin Atlantic has cancelled at least three transatlantic flights. The baggage system at Heathrow’s Terminal 2 failed on Friday causing chaos for passengers. The collection of hundreds of bags was finally untangled on Sunday evening and may be sent by truck to Europe. Some passengers said they waited in the baggage reclaim area for over three hours for their luggage. A Heathrow spokesperson said: “We apologise unreservedly for the disruption passengers have faced over the course of this weekend. READ MORE: Cruise tips: Jane McDonald shares her vital packing advice “The technical issues affecting baggage systems have led to the decision to request airlines operating in Terminals 2 and 3 to consolidate their schedules on Monday June 20. “This will enable us to minimise ongoing impact and we ask that all passengers check with their airlines for the latest information.” One passenger told Sky News they arrived at Heathrow at 7am on Sunday and had waited over two hours for their bags. Passengers have faced widespread travel chaos in recent weeks with easyJet, TUI, British Airways and Wizz Air all cancelling flights. Staff shortages have been blamed for the issues as a high number of employees were let go during the pandemic. Airlines and airports have struggled to recruit enough staff as the peak holiday season kicks off. Britons faced chaos over the Jubilee bank holiday weekend with many delays and cancellations across the UK. easyJet has said it will cancel more flights over the summer but said passengers would be given advance notice. It added that many passengers may be able to rebook on their intended day of travel. Gatwick Airport has said it will cancel flights over July and August to avoid last minute disruption. easyJet passengers are likely to be affected by the announcement as Gatwick is the airline’s main hub. Passengers are entitled to another flight on their intended day of travel if their flight is cancelled. This is the case even if the only available flight is on a rival airline to the one they booked with. If a flight is cancelled without much notice, passengers could be entitled to cash compensation. The amount of compensation varies depending on the length of the cancelled flight.