Arsenal might have the answer to their Bukayo Saka woes already at the club. Mikel Arteta is desperate to tie the Englishman down to a new contract but Manchester City have revved up their efforts to snap him up in the transfer window. Arsenal rising star Marcelo Flores might just have answered Arteta's prayers as a potential replacement should Saka leave for City. The 20-year-old has yet to sign a new contract with the Gunners, with his current terms expiring in two years. After missing out on Champions League football, convincing Saka that his future is best served at the Emirates just got more difficult. According to Daily Mail, City are set to ramp up their efforts to snap up the England international after impressing for the Gunners. That would spell bad news for Arsenal, who might not have the resources or the pull power that the Etihad have - especially after they swept up a fourth Premier League title in five years. But Arteta might have the ideal solution. Flores has been tipped for stardom and was not long ago at the centre of a three-way national battle. England failed in their bid to convince the 18-year-old to pledge his allegiance to them while the Canada-born star has already made two appearances for Mexico. His development has shocked coaches and he is already a regular for the Under-23s, who have been regarded as one of the most talented young generations in years. It speaks volumes that Flores has been identified as one of the best of the bunch. The teenager has already trained with the first-team and knows exactly what Arteta is looking for in his players. It gives him hope that he can stamp his own mark on the squad eventually. He told The Athletic: “Mikel Arteta looks for a lot in rising talent and work rate is the most important. Everything off the pitch comes first and then the work rate comes before talent. But any time I get a chance, I try and show him who I am and how I can help him in the future.” As transfer interest in Saka ramps up, losing the youngster would be a hefty blow for Arsenal. The Englishman has come up through the ranks at the Emirates and has been earmarked as their poster-boy, even being handed the No. 7 kit. But Flores has stated that he plays in the same position as Saka while the Gunners have always been a club looking to offer their academy starlets a chance. It might just be a matter of time before the youngster gets his. “I prefer playing in a No 10/left-wing position in more of a free role. I like getting the ball to feet, being isolated on the wing and beating a man so I can get in one-v-one opportunities to score goals,” he added. “I’m quite a flexible player, I don’t mind playing as a No 9 or on either wing, even as a No 8 and I’ve always been an energetic person so I like pressing a lot.”