Arsenal look set to sign Fabio Vieira from Porto for an initial fee of around £30million. Mikel Arteta already has two partners in crime for the Portuguese star and could add a third in the shape of Gabriel Jesus. Vieira is an attacking midfielder who can play in a variety of positions. Martin Odegaard and Bukayo Saka are two players in particular who he could thrive alongside. Saka played every Premier League match for Arsenal last season and will maintain a regular spot in Arteta's team. Odegaard also featured in all 36 games after joining on a permanent deal from Real Madrid last August. The duo are mainstays for Arteta, meaning Vieira will struggle to remove either of them from the starting XI. So the 22-year-old will most likely take up a position alongside the pair when he does play. READ MORE: Arsenal's stance on signing Youri Tielemans after agreeing Fabio Vieira transfer  And that could be something that excites the Gunners supporters. Odegaard has spent the majority of his Arsenal career so far as either a No 10 or the more attacking player in a midfield three. Vieira can play in that role and would likely be Odegaard's replacement if the Norwegian were to get injured. But on the face of it, Vieira's most likely position could be in the front three. Saka has flourished on the right-hand side of attack but easily could switch to the left to accommodate Vieira, who would prefer to play on the right if he plays out wide so he can come inside onto his stronger left foot. The trio could be hugely exciting together, interchanging across the frontline. But add Jesus into the mix and it could get even better. DON'T MISSArsenal 'close in' on third summer signing ahead of Fabio Vieira transferArsenal have 'new £85m Gabriel Jesus alternative' also wanted by Chelsea and Man UtdChristian Eriksen turned down Man Utd 'because of Juan Mata' as interest reignited  Jesus is Arsenal's top striker target, with Manchester City wanting £50million for the Brazil star. Having worked under Pep Guardiola for several years, the 25-year-old has perfected the role of being a versatile forward. Jesus would most likely be the No 1 choice down the middle. But he is easily able to drift out wide during matches, with Vieira comfortable to move into the middle. Scoring goals was a problem for Arsenal last season. The Gunners were the lowest scorers in the top five and their goal difference was considerably worse than those above them. Jesus will undoubtedly provide goals, while Saka, Odegaard and Vieira will chip in with their fair share. The addition of Vieira increases the creativity considerably and Arteta will be hoping the foursome gel quickly, with Gabriel Martinell and Emile Smith Rowe also providing strong options.  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here