Tottenham are just two signings away from competing with Liverpool and Manchester City in the Premier League next season, says former Wales striker Dean Saunders. Spurs have already made three additions this summer and are not finished there. Antonio Conte has brought in the experienced Ivan Perisic on a free transfer alongside goalkeeper Fraser Forster, and splashed out an initial £25million on Yves Bissouma last week. Middlesbrough right-back Djed Spence is a top target, while Conte wants to sign at least one central defender. Saunders has been impressed with the impact Conte has had at Spurs. The Italian led the north London club to an unlikely fourth-placed finish in the Premier League last term. Saunders believes Spurs now have a crop of ready-made players to compete higher up the table. He thinks two more additions would put them nearer to the likes of Liverpool and City as early as next season. READ MORE: Man Utd ‘outbid Barcelona for Raphinha transfer’ as agent Deco influences move  Saunders said on talkSPORT: “He’s gone in there, got the running stats up, and they’ve got ready-made pros there who have now got the bit between their teeth. He’s made two good signings from the club he was at in the past and they’ve both played well. “They’ve got [Heung-Min] Son, [Harry] Kane, [Pierre-Emile] Hojbjerg, [Cristian] Romero, and if they sign another world class centre-back, Spence is a better prospect than Emerson [Royal]. The manager is relentless. "He doesn’t just want to win something now, he’s not interested in four years he’ll have a good team, he wants to win something now or he’s off. He will be saying: ‘Let me know, Daniel Levy, if you don’t give me the funds to buy the ready mades’. DON'T MISSMan Utd's planned next signing after Frenkie de Jong revealed as Erik ten Hag eyes gloryRonaldo has ‘approved’ Man Utd signing but now the Glazers need to actLionel Messi 'impressed' by Man Utd youngster who Erik ten Hag is ready to give big role  "Perisic is ready-made. He’s going to improve them right now. I think they are a couple of signings away from having a right go at Man City and Liverpool.” Meanwhile, former Tottenham midfielder Jamie O'Hara says players would much prefer to join his old club than Manchester United right now. O'Hara said: "Because we got fourth place, because we’ve got Antonio Conte as a manager and because we’ve got Son and Kane and world class players, players now look at it and would rather sign for Tottenham than Man United. “You would. The facilities are great, you’re in London so why would you sign for Manchester United right now? You’d rather sign for Tottenham.”  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here