Posting to its official Twitter account, the airport said: "An earlier power failure in the area has resulted in the temporary loss of some navigational aids, meaning some disruption to flights. Engineers are working hard to resolve the issue as quickly as possible." The airport said they were "very sorry for any inconvenience caused". The power failure has now been resolved, with the airport saying that "normal operations have resumed". But it warned that "knock-on disruption is likely", advising passengers to speak to their airlines for details of their flight. At least 13 flights into the airport were diverted to other airports this morning between 7am and 9am. Wizzair, EasyJet and NetJets were affected. As many as 12 Wizz Air and EasyJet flights have been cancelled so far today. Speaking from Luton airport, TalkTV presenter Johnny Seifert said: "The queues have started to really pick up. "Now the queues are going all the way back, so I would say as the day gets busier and busier it's going to be chaos here. "At the moment it seems to be okay with EasyJet. WizzAir it seems to be a lot bigger." He added: "By 10 o'clock I imagine this airport will be absolutely flooded." This will only add to the wider disruption that has been unfolding across UK airports.  Passengers have faced delays, cancellations and huge queues across the bank holiday weekend. Tui, Britain's biggest holiday firm, announced on Tuesday that it has cancelled nearly 200 flights across the month of June. Other operators also cancelled flights, with 31 easyJet flights scrapped at Gatwick on Tuesday. Meanwhile, British Airways cancelled at least 124 short-haul flights at London Heathrow Airport yesterday. According to aviation data firm Cirium, a total of 291 departures from major UK airports were cancelled over the course of last week. UK airports have seen huge queues in the leadup to the bank holiday, with one easyJet passenger describing the situation as "carnage". But Garry Graham, deputy general secretary of Prospect union, warned that further travel disruption is still to come. He said: "Unions warned the government and aviation employers repeatedly that slashing staff through the crisis would lead to problems with the ramp-up post-pandemic. "The government point to the furlough scheme but ignore that it ended well before the majority of international restrictions on travel came to an end. "Now we see staff shortages across the industry, with huge reliance on overtime to get by day-to-day. "In many areas, like air traffic control, overtime is only a temporary sticking plaster. "So, things could get worse this summer before they get better."