With British hopefuls, Andy Murray and Emma Raducanu, both crashing out of this year’s Wimbledon on Wednesday, Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster welcomed former tennis player Annabel Croft onto GB News to discuss what it meant for the rest of the tournament. However, while Annabel reflected on her own career and the likes of Cameron Norrie keeping British hopes alive in this year’s contest, she was left surprised when Eamonn revealed a rather personal tale. After hearing Annabel’s opinions on this year’s crop of Wimbledon competitors, Eamonn wanted to say hello to her husband Mel. “Tell Mel I said hello!” Eamonn shouted down the camera but the delay in the video link meant Annabel couldn’t quite hear. Eamonn repeated: “Mel, your husband in case you’ve forgotten him, you met while me and you were on a-“ “He’s lurking over there, he says hello back again!” Annabel replied. READ MORE: Bernie Ecclestone sparks GMB outrage after Putin defence Eamonn then went on: “Hello, Mel - or ahoy I should say!” Revealing the history of his and Annabel’s friendship and first meeting, Eamonn revealed she and Mel met on board a boat trip the GB News host was also attending. “I was telling Isabel who doesn’t believe me that we all went on a boat and you made off with one of the crew members,” Eamonn cheekily remarked. A red-faced Annabel threw her head in her hands before reminiscing on the encounter. “Well, all I remember, Eamonn, is that we were both very, very young, and all I remember was you staggering up from the boat one day on about day four, “And you said you were just so pleased to be on terra firma because I think you’d been quite sick below deck for quite a number of days and I don’t think you really had your sea legs. “But that’s something that my husband who is a yachtsman, he’s never had a problem with. “But I’m with you there,” Annabel remarked. “I’m not great on a boat for a long. But yeah, that’s how me and Eamonn met!” DON'T MISS:Eamonn Holmes details ‘tipping point’ in personal life over ageEamonn Holmes shares heartbreaking final words to Deborah JamesEamonn Holmes slams label of 'British' players 'Raducanu's English!' “I love it,” Isabel replied before Eamonn echoed Annabel’s tale: “I tell you what, I was never so ill. “It was absolutely awful but Mel, as you say, is a yachtsman and he was able to keep his composure and hone in all his attention on you so it didn’t deflect him at all. “That has to be nearly 40 years ago!” Eamonn said in surprise while Annabel revealed: “1986 I’m being told.” Keen to see Mel after discussing his and Annabel’s love story, Eamonn and Isabel convinced him to come on camera. “The years have been very kind to you, you still look as handsome as ever,” Eamonn complimented. “Well, gone a bit silver fox but…” Mel replied as the GB News hosts shared a laugh. Isabel brought the interview to a close as she joked: “Annabel bet you haven’t had an interview like this, this morning!” Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays at 6am on GB News.