The Oslo Police District reported that several shots were fired at a nightclub. Police confirmed that at least two people were killed and several more seriously wounded.   A suspect is in custody but the circumstances of the shooting were unclear. The crime scene extended from the London Pub via a neighbouring club and onwards to a nearby street where the suspect was apprehended a few minutes after the shooting began, police spokesman Tore Barstad told newspaper Aftenposten. The London Pub is a popular gay bar and nightclub in the centre of Oslo. The Oslo police department said in a tweet: “Two people have been confirmed dead in the shooting episode. “There are several seriously injured. The police defined the mission as a PLIVO incident.”  The motive of the attack is not clear yet. Journalist Olav Roenneberg of public broadcaster NRK reported: “I saw a man arrive with a bag, he picked up a gun and started to shoot.” Oslo is due to hold its annual Pride parade later on Saturday. Photographs published by newspaper VG, broadcaster NRK and others show a large gathering of emergency responders outside the London Pub, including police and ambulance workers. READ MORE: Putin faces MUTINY as Russian troops join Kyiv forces  Helicopters hovered above central Oslo while ambulance and police car sirens were heard across the city. Oslo's university hospital said it had gone on red alert following the shooting. Norway experienced its deadliest attack since World War II in 2011, when a Norwegian terrorist detonated a fertilizer bomb in downtown Oslo, killing eight people. DON'T MISS:GB News: Boris Johnson blasted as ‘vote loser’ UK must act ‘responsibly’ to stop ‘attack’ to scrap part of NI dealBoris Johnson fears people will ‘beat me up’ after by-elections loss  He then killed 69 people, mostly teenagers, in a shooting rampage at a political summer camp. The terrorist, Anders Behring Breivik, received a 21-year sentence for the attacks, the maximum under Norwegian law. He was denied parole in February by a Norwegian court that said he “appeared devoid of empathy and compassion for the victims of the terror”. 