Abdominal fat is implicated in a number of adverse outcomes such as metabolic syndrome and heart attack. Despite not being visible to the eyes, it is one of the easiest body fats to burn. One surefire way to melt the fat is exercise, but timing may affect how much impact your workout has. The findings of a new study have suggested that exercise in the morning enhances total abdominal fat loss and reduces blood pressure. Writing in the journal of Frontiers in Physiology, the study authors said their findings point to the importance of adjusting the timing of your workout to optimise health outcomes. The opening remark of their report reads: “The ideal exercise time of the day remains elusive regarding simultaneous effects on health and performance outcomes, especially in women.” For the study, a sample of 36 exercise-trained women and 26 men underwent exercise training in the morning or evening over a period of 12 weeks. READ MORE: Visceral fat: Expert shares optimal time to eat breakfast if you want to shed 'excess' fat Morning routines were effectuated between 6am and 8am, whereas evening workouts took place between 6:30pm and 8:30pm. Muscle strength, endurance, body composition, systolic/diastolic blood pressure, respiratory exchange ratios, a profile of mood states and dietary intake were assessed both at the beginning and end of the study. The authors wrote: “In conclusion, the time of day when multi-modal exercise training is performed has a profound impact on cardio-metabolic, body composition and physical performance outcomes, which appear to differentially manifest in women and men. “Morning exercise in women enhances total and abdominal fat loss, reduces blood pressure, and increases lower body muscle power, whereas, evening exercise greatly increases upper body muscle strength power, and endurance and enhances overall mood. “For men, evening exercise lowers systolic blood pressure and fatigue, and stimulates fat oxidation compared to early morning exercise.” The authors noted that their findings highlight the interaction of exercise time of day and circadian regulation. The circadian rhythm is an internal clock that manages cycles of alertness and sleepiness by reacting to the light changes in the environment. The timing of meals has previously been implicated in weight loss because of its effects on the circadian rhythm. Eating late at night, for example, has been found to have a desynchronising effect on the internal clock. The new findings suggest exercise timing also impacts cardio-metabolic, body composition and physical performance outcomes in healthy, exercise-trained women and men. This could inform how health care providers issue physical activity recommendations to patients seeking specific outcomes. In previous research, it’s been suggested that the best types of exercise for abdominal fat loss are aerobic. The term describes an exercise that is performed with a level of reliance on oxygen, which means that breath regulates the amount of oxygen that can access the muscle to help burn fuel. Studies have shown that both aerobic activity and strength training can help prevent the growth of visceral fat. “Spot exercises, such as sit-ups, can tighten abdominal muscle but won’t get at visceral fat. Exercise can also help keep fat from coming back,” notes Harvard Health. Aerobic exercise encompasses brisk walking, jogging and running, and should be performed at least two to three times per week for optimal results.