Donny Osmond spoke candidly about his "terrible bout" with stage fright as the veteran musician was unable to perform. The teen idol revealed he has suffered from anxiety in the past which ultimately led to panic attacks later on in his life. In a candid interview, Donny recalled a time when his wife, Debbie Osmond, rushed to the singer's aid. The 64-year-old spoke candidly with Emma Freud on BBC Sounds with James Nesbitt where he made the admission in January. Emma said: "We got the actor Donny. Andrew Lloyd Webber casting you in Joseph. But with actor Donny, we get to anxiety Donny. "You began getting stage fright and panic attacks." READ MORE: Buckingham Palace ban George Ezra's song at Queen's Platinum Jubilee The veteran performer had been cast in the West End stage play Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat. "I couldn't go on stage," Donny replied. "Here is the reason why I went through it." He continued: "When I lost my career in the 80s I worked tirelessly to get back on the charts. "When Joseph and the Technicolour Dreamcoat became a massive success I did not want my career to fail again because I knew what it felt like. I just got out of it."  He went on: "So I had to be perfect. And if I didn't give a perfect performance I would beat myself up because I thought people are going to walk out of the theatre because it wasn't worth the price of admission." Debbie came to the singer's aid as she offered him some life-changing advice. "My wife at one time - when I was going through a terrible bout - she turned to me and said the best thing she ever could have said or any psychiatrist could've said," he mused. "She said, 'Why don't you do yourself a favour, do the audience a favour? Go out there and just do an average show tonight.' DON'T MISS... 'Stupid w**ker!' Kirstie Allsopp unleashes as she's mocked over NHS[LATEST]Kate Garraway looks regal in same dress Princess Beatrice wore on GMB[PICTURES]Britney Spears' ex-husband charged after 'gatecrashing' wedding[UPDATES] "That was the best show I ever did." Donny went on to explain he is now fully focused on his Las Vegas residency which has proven to be a "huge success". The Osmonds star also compared his career to that of Michael Jackson after the teen idol suffered a dip in popularity in the 80s. Donny recalled a quiet chat with Michael about the adulation the pair received from their worldwide fame and notoriety. He said: "Michael [Jackson] and I talked about it a lot because we were compared back in the 70s a lot. "And then he kind of left me in the dust in the 80s. But we would talk about this teen idol sensation that we were both going through. "We were just two little teenagers loving going into the studio, recording hit records." Donny's career hit a lull in the 80s following his success as a teen, while Michael’s soared with the release of Thriller. But he explained the pair's friendship continued to go from strength to strength.