Death, taxes, and Sue Barker presenting the BBC's coverage of the Wimbledon Championships. But after 30 years of appearing on our screens as part of the coverage of the iconic grass-court event, the famous broadcaster will step down at the culmination of the 2022 tournament, signalling the end of an era. This month Barker, 66, confirmed her intentions via a released statement, leaving fans, players, and fellow pundits stunned.  "What a wonderful time I’ve had working on some of the biggest sporting events around the world," she said. "I will miss it terribly but after 30 years I feel the time is right for me. I’ve worked with the best of the best." After a playing career which saw her famously win the French Open in 1976, Barker began working on the BBC's coverage at SW19 in 1993, first as a pundit before presenting the Today at Wimbledon highlights show. Then in 2000, she moved to anchoring the live broadcast, a role she is currently fulfilling for the 23rd consecutive year. And whilst her contribution has been lauded by the likes of Andy Murray, attention now turns to who will succeed the former Question of Sport host. And according to Betfair, the early favourite is another female presenter already well-known to sports lovers. JUST IN: Wimbledon POLL: Do you agree with gender-neutral toilets at Wimbledon this year?  Clare Balding: Balding, 51 has been quoted at 11-10 with bookmakers having already presented a range of high-profile sporting events for the BBC during her career, including multiple Olympic Games, Wimbledon tournaments, and Six Nations rugby. Few would argue against the former amateur flat jockey from stepping into the shoes of Barker. John McEnroe: The outspoken McEnroe has long worked as a pundit and commentator for the BBC at SW19, having already cemented a legacy at the venue as a player with three men's singles titles to his name. Whether he'd be able to match the composed, rational manner of Barker's work though, would be another matter. DON'T MISS:Jodie Burrage feeds ball boy Percy Pigs as Wimbledon match delayed after medical worryWimbledon CEO issues regret on Russian ban because of Ukraine invasionEmma Raducanu has 'invisible mentor' guiding her through turbulent coaching set-up Alex Scott: Scott would be considered a more left-field choice, given the current lack of tennis television work on her CV so far. However, the former England footballer is an accomplished presenter and pundit, currently anchoring Football Focus and also co-presenting the BBC Sports Personality of the Year award. Tim Henman: Like Barker, a popular former British player who never quite reached the Wimbledon final he craved, before moving into punditry. Now vastly experienced having covered Grand Slams for both the the BBC and Eurosport, could be relied upon to bring a measured approach. 