Max Holloway believes Conor McGregor ‘shouldn’t’ return to the Octagon after achieving so much in the sport. McGregor's comeback is reportedly being targeted for February or March next year as he continues to recover from his leg injury. The former two-weight UFC champion suffered a broken left fibula and tibia in his last fight against Dustin Poirier at UFC 264 in July 2021. There has been a great deal of excitement from fighters and fans alike at the prospect of the Irishman’s return, but former opponent Holloway claims ‘Notorious’ has “never committed to coming back.” During a recent interview, Holloway claimed that McGregor has nothing left to prove and “wouldn’t blame him" if he didn’t return. “With all this Conor talk and saying whatever, he never committed to coming back,” Holloway told ESPN. “He never once said he’d come back. And rightfully so, he shouldn’t. “Conor is what everyone wants to be. Everyone wants to get in this fight game, make the money, and then save your chickens. I wouldn’t even blame him if he didn’t want to come back. If you want to come back, that’s his competitive side straight doing it. We’ll see what happens. All respect to him.” McGregor defeated Holloway via unanimous decision in only his second UFC outing all the way back in 2013. Despite both men being stand-up fighters, the majority of the contest was spent grappling on the canvas. In the same interview, Holloway was asked whether the rematch was the best next fight for McGregor to which ‘Blessed’ responded by telling ESPN’s Brett Okamoto to put a poll up for the fans to decide. MORE UFC NEWS... Darren Till clashes with journalist as heated spat turns personal McGregor sends two-word message to Mayweather amid rematch 'talks' Conor McGregor left red-faced after selfie pied in hilarious video  “Do you think I’m the best option for him? Let’s go have a poll, go put poll on ESPN plus or something, go ask them because give them what the fans want, people keep talking about,” Holloway said. “That fight was baby Max, baby Conor, we was just two babies in the UFC, you know, doing our thing, so I mean that’s a question for you guys to ask, ask each other, ask the other media guys, go ask fans, whatever. Do a poll I say and then let it speak for itself.” Holloway is set to face featherweight world champion Alexander Volkanovski for a third time on July 3 at UFC 276. Volkanovski won on the previous two occasions but is being forced to run it back again after Holloway’s impressive back-to-back victories over Calvin Kattar and Yair Rodriguez.