Mercedes has warned George Russell’s only target for this season is to not make mistakes and finish races, despite beating Lewis Hamilton at every race bar one this season. Chief strategy James Vowles has stressed Russell’s only goal is to “build on his knowledge and his learning” this season despite getting better results than his seven-time champion teammate. However, Vowles did say it would be possible for Russell to fight for podiums and wins as Mercedes' performance increases throughout the season. He said: “To define George’s goal for the remainder of the season is making sure that we have no mistakes, he keeps the car finishing at the end of the race. “He builds on his knowledge and his learning and as the car performance increases he also has the opportunity to fight for podiums on merit and wins. The same applies to Lewis. We have two of the best, if not in my opinion, the best drivers in the sport. “They are hungry to win a race, we just have to deliver them a package that can deliver.” Russell has been praised for his consistency and is now the only driver on the grid to finish in the top five at every race this season. READ MORE: Mercedes chief accepts Lewis Hamilton was 'pushed too far' in Baku He has also picked up three podiums for the team in just eight races as he continues to outshine Hamilton. The 24-year-old has now beaten Hamilton five times in qualifying and seven times on race day to open up a 37-point advantage between the pair. Russell’s consistency leaves him just 51 points behind championship leader Max Verstappen compared to Hamilton’s massive 88-point deficit. Some pundits such as former champion Jacques Villeneuve believe Russell’s results show a “changing of the guard”. DON'T MISSMercedes demand FIA rule changes for Hamilton months after vote [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton shares why his car was worse than George Russell's  [ANALYSIS]Ralf Schumacher brands Lewis Hamilton a 'big loser' with two excuses [COMMENT] However, Mercedes boss Toto Wolff has refused to accept this, instead suggesting Hamilton’s poor results this season have been purely down to luck and failed experiments. He said: “Lewis has been trying some quite experimental parts of the car, and there was a different floor solution on his car that didn’t work." He added: “I think it’s too early to try to identify a pattern – I’m very close to it and I see one session one is faster, than the next session the other one is faster… “And yeah, the last three races these experiments have gone wrong with Lewis and not with George.”