Ibinabo Jack landed her role in Vera in 2018 and has played DC Jac Williams alongside leading lady DCI Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) and her sidekick Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty) ever since. Before the ITV series, Ibinabo had never worked in TV before although she had featured in many West End shows including the likes of Dreamgirls and The Bodyguard. Speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the actress opened up about what it was like going from performing on stage to acting in front of a camera. She went on to recall a funny moment with Brenda, who gave her a key piece of advice during their first scene. "This is a funny story," Ibinabo laughed. "My first ever scene on Vera was with Brenda and it was in the Land Rover. "So it's iconic, she's iconic and I've been a huge fan of hers for years." READ MORE: A Place in the Sun fans slam pair for rejecting 'dream' Danni find Speaking about filming the scene, the Jac Williams star admitted: "I was massively nervous. "With stage performances, you do it for whatever audience is in that night, but the next day it is a different audience. "So it's never the same show, whereas with TV it's filmed but it's permanent forever. "So I got on set and we were doing this scene which was quite cloak and dagger and I'm projecting [my voice]. "Brenda took me to one side and said, 'You don't need to project because you've got a microphone on'." Discussing the struggles of adjusting to life in front of the camera, Ibinabo said: "That has been the hardest thing I think, making things [look] naturalistic and not turning my body outwards to present like you have to do on stage because it's a not flat-facing. "So yeah, that was my first ever day in the Land Rover with Brenda and she had to tell me not to project." Despite her embarrassing encounter with the detective, the actress explained Brenda is so welcoming to newcomers on set. DON'T MISS...Suzie Fletcher children: Does The Repair Shop star have any children? [CAST]James Martin defends butter obsession in candid family admission [VIDEO]'It's real' JB Gill speaks out on Jeremy Clarkson’s farming struggles [INSIGHT] "She's very good at welcoming people and I do see it now that I'm a regular [cast member] when you've got guest actors in," the West End star added. "She's very good at putting people at ease. She's very open-hearted and makes everyone feel comfortable. "She's always telling jokes or we do the crossword together. She's a pussycat and I think it's cool Vera isn't." Filming for series 12 of Vera is well underway as Ibinabo and the cast have been spotted on set in Newcastle. The series is expected to air sometime next year, although, fans are still eagerly waiting for the final episodes of series 11 to be shown. The first two instalments were broadcast in 2021, with the second two airing in January this year. However, it is unclear when the final episodes of series 11 will be shown. In another interview, leading lady Brenda even admitted she was unsure when fans could watch them. Vera is expected to air on ITV later this year. 