Princess Anne stepped up to the plate during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee to represent the monarch, 96, at certain royal events. Alongside the Duchess of Cambridge, 40, she attended the Trooping the Colour parade kicking off the celebrations, and the thanksgiving service the following day. She undertook a separate trip to Edinburgh, where she fed penguins at the city’s zoo and was snapped patting an armadillo. Kate joined her husband, Prince William, on a separate trip to Cardiff, which the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited ahead of a concert in honour of the Queen on June 4. The pair arrived to assist with the final preparations in the Welsh capital, bringing along Prince George and Princess Charlotte for their first official visit across the border. Professor Cele Otnes, described the Princess Royal’s “regal” and “designer” look throughout the weekend, adding it could set as many trends as the outfits donned by the Duchess of Cambridge or even the Queen. She told Express.co.uk: “Her clothes are impeccable. “She’s as much a fashion plate as Kate and her mother.” She added: “She looked every bit as stellar, designer, and regal.” Princess Anne, 71, wowed royal fans as she attended the thanksgiving service at St Paul’s Cathedral on June 3. READ MORE: Mike Tindall branded Prince Harry a 'b*****d' at Palace party The Princess Royal, accompanied by her husband, Vice Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence, climbed the cathedral’s stairs in an elegant green silk dress and matching hat. The Queen’s only daughter then attended the Epsom Derby on behalf of the Queen, who pulled out of numerous Platinum Jubilee events after experiencing “discomfort” during the Trooping the Colour parade. The Princess Royal was chic in a knee-length, lightly-patterned white dress, complete with matching coat. But in Princess Anne’s younger years, her outfit choices used to frustrate the Queen Mother, royal expert Ingrid Seward previously revealed. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry irrelevant! William's 'brutal' Megxit verdict [LIVE] Restoring Prince Andrew’s status would 'make mockery of entire family' [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry push for reconciliation? [VOTE] She claimed that Anne’s “daring” choice of fashion came much to the “chagrin” of her grandmother. She wrote in the Daily Mail back in 2019: “Even Princess Anne, as a teenager, enjoyed dressing daringly, choosing to wear very short skirts, much to the chagrin of her grandmother, the Queen Mother. “Although she didn’t mind their scantiness, the Queen Mother was of the opinion that it was an unflattering look for a woman of any age to show too much thigh and professed knees ‘so ugly’.” Samantha Harman, fashion expert and personal stylist, said last year that Anne is a public figure who "isn't afraid to try new things", but has a "strong sense of who she is". She told Express.co.uk: “Princess Anne is probably one of the most underestimated royals when it comes to style. “She is a good example of someone who re-wears items, buys classic shapes, but she isn't afraid to try new things too.” Ms Harman added: “Sometimes we can look back through the archive at a celebrity's wardrobe and think 'wow! Their style has changed so much’. “But Anne’s style is ‘classic Anne’. “There isn't some big ‘makeover’ or ‘change’ in her style over the last 50 years — you can see this is the same woman, with a strong sense of who she is."