The Shadow Foreign Secretary was warned not to rush into celebrations as the Conservative party suffered a double bruising in the recent by-elections of Wakefield and Tiverton and Honiton. Mr Lammy suggested the Tory losses were a signal of the electorate shifting against the Conservative leadership and towards support for the opposition of the Labour party. Sky News broadcaster Trevor Phillips was quick to highlight the results in Tiverton, where the Labour party lost considerable support to the Liberal Democrat election campaign. Mr Phillips suggested the Labour party would not likely see the anticipated expansion of voter support within a general election and, therefore, would not be able to succeed the Conservative Government.    Speaking on Sky News, Mr Lammy said: “The result represented a 12.7 percent swing from the Conservatives to Labour. “We won’t be forming the next Government unless we persuade people not to vote Conservative  and to vote Labour. “That's what happened in Wakefield and if that result was replicated across the country, I would be Foreign Secretary, Labour would be forming the Government. “It was an excellent result, we need to win in those so-called red wall areas seats that we lost in 2019, we need to pick up right across the country - very pleased with that result on Thursday.  Mr Phillips replied: “Well it’s great in theory isn’t it and I think you’ll acknowledge there that the chances of that happening nationally, in every constituency, don’t look so good. “For example, Tiverton, you came second there in 2017 and 2019. “This time, the Conservatives were defeated largely because you lost your deposit. “It doesn't look to me that, from these results, that actually you are on course for that victory.” Read more: 'Never going to happen!' Lammy mocked over Labour win in Scotland  The Labour MP hit back as he replied: “Trevor, we did well in the local elections, we did well in Wakefield, the Tories lost in Tiverton. “Of course, there were Labour voters there that lent the Liberal Democrats their vote so that they could see the back of the Conservatives.” Mr Lammy acknowledged that, in Tiverton, traditional Labour voters had shifted in support towards the Liberal Democrat party as the Labour candidate, Liz Pole, secured just 3.7% of the vote. He added: “This cycle, this Wakefield result, Tiverton and in fact the local elections, are people turning from the Conservatives, so the story of the night was that this was a very very sorry night for the Government indeed - Labour is one its way back.” Don't miss: Should Boris call a General Election after by-election defeat? [POLL]Parts of UK will never again see a Tory government - PETER DAVIES [COMMENT]‘Tories had a walloping' as by-elections record major Tory defeat [ANALYSIS]  Mr Phillips said: “You said that Labour had lent the Liberal Democrats their vote which presumably means at a general election they intend to cash those votes in and take them back. “You’re essentially saying, and basically everyone who is expert in this agrees, what we saw this week was a return of tactical voting.” The Sky News reporter highlighted that the by-elections had become a symbol of “Industrial scale tactical voting” as the electorate turned against the Conservatives as a demonstration of voter frustration. The change in voting patterns does not necessarily suggest a mass increase of support for Labour has flooded the UK, but rather the angered electorate used the by-elections as a way to challenge the Government without risking the dismantling of the Tory leadership. Read next:Labour didn't 'win' Wakefield, a monkey could have taken that seatGale tells Johnson to quit as Tories fight for partyBoris Johnson tipped to call October General Election What by-election defeat means for Boris JohnsonWatson dismantles Starmer hope for easy Red Wall return after win 