Naga Munchetty, 47, has taken to social media to react to her BBC colleague Sally Bundock's latest health update. Sally has been absent from BBC News for some time after a knee operation, with her spending the last six weeks recovering. Sally has been posting weekly updates to Twitter sharing the progress as she recovers from her knee operation to repair her ACL, MCL and meniscus. She took to Twitter in view of her 40,600 followers to post a picture of her leg along with a heartfelt update confirming her proposed return to work date. The BBC presenter penned: "Recovery: week 6 almost done. "I'm seeing the consultant tomorrow and hoping I can downgrade from this strict knee brace and return to work on Monday #fingerscrossed." READ MORE: Richard Madeley and wife Judy in rare joint appearance at Ascot Many social media users took to the posts comments, including Naga who celebrated the good news with the presenter. Naga wrote: "OOH - Fingers crossed Sal xx." Sally's replacement, Victoria Fritz, also commented: "You have been missed Sally! Xx." To which Sally replied: "Thank you and thank you for doing such a marvelous job #liveatfive. So many early mornings." Naga's heartfelt comments come after the presenter took to her BBC Radio 5 Live yesterday to plead with listeners. The BBC Breakfast presenter was discussing the theme of lending and borrowing on the show, and decided to share one of her own anecdotes. She said: "I have a boxset of the West Wing - which is an amazing series. "And I leant out series one, and I’ve never had it back. DON'T MISS... Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [INSIGHT] Loose Women's Ruth Langsford slams 'rude' colleague [COMMENT] Dame Deborah James looks radiant at Royal Ascot [PICS] "I have haunted all my friends, asking them - accusing them, basically - of having it. "And no one's admitted to it, so I ended up having to buy the series one DVD, which doesn’t match in the box set." She added: "It bothers me no end, because I like things very neat and tidy. "So, if anyone has that, please can I have it back?" The West Wing originally aired between 1999 and 2006 and followed the inner workings of the White House under President Josiah Bartlet's administration. Stars of the series included Martin Sheen, Rob Lowe, Allison Janney and Elizabeth Moss. The show was very popular, with it receiving a record total of 26 Primetime Emmy Awards. You can watch Naga on BBC Breakfast today from 6am on BBC One