Former world No 7 Barbara Schett has advised Emma Raducanu what she needs to do during Wimbledon after the teenager’s first-round victory over Alison Van Uytvanck on Monday. The Brit overcame a tough opening round opponent 6-4, 6-4 on her first appearance on Centre Court and Schett has told Raducanu how she can keep her focus on the tournament. “The key for her, I think for Emma, is just to focus on herself,” Schett told Eurosport. “Not read any newspapers, not do too many activities around the tournament and pretty much just stay in the present and focus on herself. I was very impressed with the win of Emma Raducanu, a very tricky first-round opponent in Alison Van Uytvanck who has already won a title on grass. “We know Emma hasn’t played a lot of tennis, she was injured, she had that side strain and all the pressure in the world was on her. We remember last year she reached the fourth round and it wasn’t expected at all. “I thought she handled herself extremely well on the court, of course tennis-wise we know she can play better tennis, we have seen the better tennis, but she found solutions today against Alison and I think this victory can bring her very far at this Wimbledon. DON'T MISS: Wimbledon LIVE: NOT an option! Djokovic blasts Covid jab as two top players test POSITIVE “There’s a lot of pressure on Emma Raducanu, I think everybody has been talking about Wimbledon for weeks now. It was great to see the way she handled herself out on the court. She gets a lot of support from the crowd but she wants to show her best side. “In the first set against Van Uytvanck she was a little bit nervous, still a little bit tired but in the second set, you could see she felt a little more comfortable. I think that the more matches she plays at Wimbledon the more relaxed she’s going to feel.” DON'T MISS Cliff Richard, 81, stuns fans with ‘ageless’ looks at Wimbledon [REPORT] The One Show suffers schedule shake-up after Wimbledon clash [INSIGHT] Emma Raducanu's grandmother assured by private talks on Wimbledon [ANALYSIS]  Raducanu will meet Caroline Garcia in the second round, a two-time Grand Slam champion who recently won the Bad Homburg Open. “It’s a tricky one,” Schett added. “That match against Caroline Garcia as we know she just won a title and played some of her best tennis, that’s what she said there. “Garcia, she serves very aggressively, she likes to come to the net so Emma Raducanu is going to have to adapt. She’s going to have to serve well, in that last match against Alison van Uytvanck it was a little slow, she can be more accurate too. "But the crowd is going to be behind Emma Raducanu and if she is playing at a high level she can pretty much beat anyone.”