According to Doctor William Li, certain foods can offer protective qualities to the brain – one of the "most important organs" in the body. To help improve memory and cognition, he recommends a colourful spice. "The active ingredient in turmeric is curcumin, a powerful antioxidant and anti-inflammatory linked to memory improvement and the building of new brain cells," said Doctor Li. The bright yellow spice can be a key ingredient in a curry, for example, but you could also add turmeric to scrambled eggs, on top of roasted vegetables, and on leafy greens, such as kale. Doctor Li also suggests eating fatty fish, such as salmon, trout, and sardines, which are "rich sources of healthy omega-3 fatty acids". Healthy omega-3 fatty acids are utilised by the brain to "build nerve cells and may slow down cognitive decline due to ageing". Another brain-boosting food to consider is pumpkin seeds, which is a great source of: magnesium, copper, and zinc. These minerals are "important for optimal memory and nerve function", added Doctor Li. READ MORE: Type 2 diabetes: Two feelings in the eyes that could signal advancing blood sugar ‘damage' Foods that can help improve memory and cognition: Aside from making healthier dietary choices and including brain-boosting spices and foods, there are other ways to minimise your risk of dementia. The NHS stated: "There's good evidence that a healthy lifestyle can help reduce your risk of developing dementia when you're older." Committing to healthy practices can reduce the risk of cardiovascular diseases, in addition to Alzheimer's disease and vascular dementia. Modifying certain risk factors could reduce the risk of dementia by a third. These modifiable risk factors include: hearing loss, untreated depression, loneliness, and sitting down for most of the day. To counteract these, it is helpful to get your hearing checked on a regular basis, and to wear a hearing aid if you need to; to foster close relationships; and to be active. Moreover, if you are struggling with feeling down, do reach out to people for support. Modifying certain risk factors could reduce the risk of dementia by a third. These modifiable risk factors include: hearing loss, untreated depression, loneliness, and sitting down for most of the day. To counteract these, it is helpful to get your hearing checked on a regular basis, and to wear a hearing aid if you need to; to foster close relationships; and to be active. Moreover, if you are struggling with feeling down, do reach out to people for support. "Experts agree that what's good for your heart is also good for your brain," the NHS added. As such, you can help to reduce your risk of dementia by eating a healthy diet and maintaining a healthy weight. Additionally, it would be beneficial to exercise regularly, to keep your blood pressure at a healthy level, and to not smoke. If you do drink alcohol, for your own health, it's recommended to have several drink-free days, and to drink less than 14 units of alcohol per week. "Drinking excessive amounts of alcohol increases your risk of stroke," the national health body pointed out. Not only that, drinking an excessive amount of alcohol is also linked to heart disease and some cancers. Alcohol consumption is also associated with a damaged nervous system, and brain damage. Britons between the ages of 40 to 74 are eligible for free NHS Health Checks every five years.