A former Manchester United star who once saw Sir Alex Ferguson injure David Beckham with a football boot says Erik Ten Hag has to show “no mercy” to his players if he is to survive as manager at the club. Mikael Silvestre sat stunned with the rest of the dressing room when Ferguson angrily kicked a spare boot at the England captain in 2003, hitting him just above the eye. While stopping short of recommending the new Manchester United manager repeat the act, Silvestre feels he needs to rule the dressing room with the same rod of steel Ferguson used. But at the same time he feels Ten Hag would benefit from a few behind-the-scenes chats with his senior players to get them onside for what looks like another challenging season. “When I was there, there was a self-discipline, a dynamic, where you knew what your standing was within the dressing room,” said the four-time Premier League winner. “And on top of that, the boss would be the boss. You have got to show your authority and make sure everybody knows their role on the pitch and off the pitch. “It takes a bit of time to measure and understand the dynamic of the squad when you are a manager with a new group of players. JUST IN: Pogba ‘points finger at Mourinho’ as more Man Utd details emerge “You need to be in a position where you earn respect by giving players respect. But also be extremely demanding. Because that is what they want. “All these guys want to be challenging for the title, so you have to show no mercy within the group and keep everybody in check and make sure they apply what you are doing, because there has been too much liberty taken in recent years.” There are question marks over whether Ten Hag, who built his reputation by nurturing young Dutch players through the ranks in Amsterdam, is ready to lock horns with established stars. “It is less of a professor / student sort of relationship with Cristiano Ronaldo, Bruno Fernandes and David de Gea than he has been used to at Ajax,” Silvestre said. “But the principles remain the same. When you talk to the group, you express yourself the same way, but in a one-on-one situation, you have a more open conversation and you exchange ideas and thoughts a bit more than when you are talking to younger up-and-coming talents.” DON'T MISS...Man Utd and five more clubs who need signings after learning fixturesNeville 'worried' by Man Utd's De Jong saga and wants deals 'ASAP'Edinson Cavani 'picks next destination' after leaving Man Utd behind Clearly, Silvestre is a big believer in those older talents, because he has a somewhat controversial view on the destination of next season’s Golden Boot. While on the other half of Manchester, City fans are getting excited about the prospect of new signing Erling Haaland becoming the Premier League’s top scorer, Silvestre is backing a former team-mate who finished third last season. “Haaland to win the Golden Boot? I would rather see Cristiano Ronaldo win it,” he was not far off last season with a dysfunctional team so if United works this season, why not? “Teach the young pup there is life in the old dog! “With Harry Kane and Mo Salah we have the best strikers in the Premier League so whoever wins it will deserve it.” Mikaël Silvestre was speaking at the launch of SPITCH’s all new Season Mode. SPITCH is a fantasy football app where you compete against other participating managers for the chance to win cash prizes. Sign up and earn £5 in credit here: https://api.spitch.live/libero/affiliate-partner/ATVBP. 18+ only.