Michael is best known for playing Emmerdale villain Al Chapman and has had notable roles in motion pictures such as Harry Potter. In upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, it seems the ruthless businessman is going to start up an affair with Chas Dingle (played by Lucy Pargeter). Although the devilish villager is ready to cheat on his partner, Kerry Wyatt (Laura Norton), the soap star is very happy sharing his life with his wife. The star of the village-based drama is married to Welsh singer and actress, Ceri Ann Gregory, with the pair often seen pictured together on the latter's social media platforms. They met over two decades ago when Ceri was performing in a Shakesperian play at the Royal National Theatre. Some viewers of the show might recognise Michael's wife for her roles in BBC sci-fi hit, Torchwood, as well as featuring in several sketches for Little Britain. Ceri has also played in a classic rock and fusion band called Elysium, showcasing her vocals to her fans around the UK. It wasn't until 2018 that the pair tied the knot, which was just a year before the actor made his first appearance on the show as the father of Ellis Chapman (Aaron Anthony). Michael's wife is very supportive of his work as she recently accompanied him to the British Soap Awards, which saw Emmerdale bag the Best Soap award. READ MORE: Amanda Owen parents: Who are the Yorkshire Shepherdess' mum and dad? Ceri posted lots of pictures from the night on her Instagram page, which is followed by over 580 of the actress's fans. Posting pictures of herself and her husband, the singer captioned one of her posts: "That was fun! Some pics with less sweat! "It was hot hot hot! #MichaelWildman @mvwildman is being touted as the next #bond by the fans! Congratulations @emmerdale #emmerdale #bestsoap. "Thanks for having me," she concluded and her Instagram feed is full of pictures of her and her spouse, with it clear how much she supports his work. With Al showing off his body on the show a few months ago, Ceri posted some pictures of Michael's topless torso for her fans to see. The actress wrote: "Hmmm. So I turned the mute off and there he was my #soapw***e husband and as you can see it’s not a gratuitous semi-naked scene at all. "I’m not missing him as you can see…I’ll see you in a little while @emmerdale @mvwildman #michaelwildman #alchapman #villain." There are many more pictures on the social media feed of the happy couple, with the singer posting to mark an occasion such as Valentine's Day. The singer has enjoyed the fame of her own over the years due to her starting her career performing classical music with her band. Discussing how she got into it, Ceri said: "A lot of classical singers start very young and come from families where they’re surrounded by opera, but my dad was in male voice choirs and listening to hymns, while Mum was listening to Barbra Streisand." DON'T MISS...Lisa Riley weight loss: Soap star dropped 12st while enjoying treats [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale's Charley Webb details health woes during heatwave [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Kelvin Fletcher sparks Tom Selleck comparisons with tash [PICTURES] "I’m from a working-class background, I’m the youngest of four and I grew up on commercial musical theatre," she continued. "I loved Blood Brothers, opera wasn’t accessible, I never went to London to see a show until I was 18 for my birthday – we couldn’t afford it. “But Mum and Dad were so encouraging. When I was 12 right up until I was 15, Mum would drive me around to deliver 30 papers over five miles on my round so I’d have time to go and play the clarinet with the West Glamorgan Youth Orchestra. "I wouldn’t be where I am without them – financially and emotionally." It seems the singer did struggle to get into the industry as she thought she had to lie about her age to be able to gain success. Ceri explained to Wales Online in 2013: “For ages, I thought maybe I should lie about my age in interviews, but really I should be proud of it. I was 38 and I hadn't given up. "I’ve been told I’m not young enough, not pretty enough, and that I’m chubby. “My first acting agent told me I wouldn’t get a part unless I lost weight, and I’ve never been more than a size 10 so it’s pretty depressing. “I have meat on me and I’m an athletic build. We’re all sporty in the group, and we all love our food and we love our alcohol so we’re never going to be waifs. "Thank God, there are enough of them," she added. Starting her acting and singing career later in life didn't come without its judgement as Ceri said: "People thought, ‘Who does she think she is?’ "I started bringing in different styles of music in recitals – popular stuff – my peers loved it, but some professors were very stuffy about it. “I got mixed reactions as this was years ago and they weren’t ready for it. In one concert I sang Big Spender by Shirley Bassey – I wanted to really mix things up. "There’s a lot of pressure to fit in. You also want to be credible. As musically-trained individuals, it can be tough because you want to be accepted into that world. “You also have your own standards.” Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.