Historian David Starkey, speaking to GB News live from Buckingham Palace, contrasted the Queen during her Platinum Jubilee to the late Princess Diana and Prince Harry’s wife Meghan Markle. He said the Queen has always been “completely clear” about her duties to the UK and the Empire and it has always been, for her, about fulfilling her duty of service. Contrastingly, Mr Starkey claimed, Ms Markle and Princess Diana are examples of the “celebrity side” of being royal. It comes as the Palace confirmed that the QUeen was pulling out of the St Paul's Service tomorrow after suffering minor discomfort.    Mr Starkey said: “You see, again, it’s the huge difference between her and Diana, and her and Meghan. “They are people that played up the me me celebrity side, but on that [the Queen] has always been completely clear. “At first it was film stars. Now it’s social media. But ‘We are not those’, [the Queen] says. “It all goes back to her grandfather. It goes back to King George V.    “He hated ceremony, yet he was the one who instituted wearing the crown, even though it gave him a migraine. “He felt he ought to do it. And [the Queen’s] whole life has been ‘I ought to do this’, even though it is deeply unfashionable.” Queen Elizabeth II waved to cheering crowds this morning as thousands massed outside Buckingham Palace for the start of a four-day celebration for the monarch’s Platinum Jubilee. The Queen has been on the throne for longer than any of her predecessors, and is the third-longest reigning monarch ever of a sovereign state. READ MORE: Jubilee weekend forecast: UK parties face storms and 'flash flooding' [REPORT]   The Queen said in a statement: "Thank you to everyone who has been involved in convening communities, families, neighbours and friends to mark my Platinum Jubilee, in the United Kingdom and across the Commonwealth.” She added: "I continue to be inspired by the goodwill shown to me." Millions of people across Britain and the world are expected to watch the festivities over this bank holiday weekend, joining street parties and lighting beacons in honour of the 96-year-old Queen. World leaders including U.S. President Joe Biden, France's Emmanuel Macron, Pope Francis and former British prime ministers were among those sending messages of goodwill. DON'T MISS: Every Prime Minister under the Queen's Reign [INSIGHT]David Beckham mocked by fans as he 'begs' for knighthood [REVEAL]The Queen was brave, strong and utterly unshockable [REPORT]    The monarch appeared on the balcony of Buckingham Palace this morning with her son and heir Prince Charles, 73, as well as other senior royals. She was holding a walking stick and wearing a dusky dove blue outfit that she also wore for an official Jubilee photograph. While the family waved to the crowds and enjoyed a Royal Air force fly-past, Louis - Prince William's four-year-old son - covered his ears and howled as the planes roared overhead. He later jumped up and down as Red Arrow jets released red, white and blue smoke trails.   