Strictly Come Dancing star Anton Du Beke is starring alongside his colleague Giovanni Pernice in their tour, Him & Me. Speaking to Dermot O'Leary and Alison Hammond on Wednesday's This Morning, Anton remarked that tickets were selling fast and there aren't many left. Presenter Dermot spotted the chance for a putdown, however, leaving co-host Alison in stitches.  "Obviously, you're judging the stars and now you're cooking with the stars, what's that all about?" Alison asked the 55-year-old Latin and ballroom dancer regarding his upcoming stint in ITV's Cooking with the Stars. "Yeah, I've come to the realisation I don't like being judged anymore," he replied. Laughing, he added: "I'm over that, thanks very much. I don't care whether you like my food or not, frankly." "Cooking with the Stars, our Josie's doing it as well-" Alison commented. READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show "Josie was brilliant!" Anton stated. "Let me tell you about Josie - brilliant!" "So lovely to see you both," Alison remarked as the interview came to an end. "The tour is happening on June 11 - Him & Me, Giovanni and the lovely Anton." Dermot added: "Yeah, tickets available to buy now, thank you guys." "Not many though, just saying," Anton cut in, grinning. Responding quickly, Dermot chimed: "But enough for you to be here." The presenters chortled as Anton clapped and clarified: "There's four left!" The tour sees the Strictly stars bringing a collaboration of dance, song and fun to audiences. DON'T MISS... Jay Blades shares fears for filming The Repair Shop 'Have to build tru [EXCLUSIVE]Nick Ferrari argues ‘might take funeral’ to reunite Harry and William [VIDEO]EastEnders icon opens up on pain of June Brown’s death [LATEST] Speaking recently about their friendship, Giovanni, 31, told Zoe Ball Anton was like "a grandfather". "We couldn't be more different," he commented. "And that's the reason why it works perfectly between us two "I always say it's the past and the future, that's what we call each other. "But he doesn't like it, he doesn't like it, he says, 'I'm still there, it's not the past.' "But it's fun, it's fun. I really love Anton, you know. "He's one of those people that, when I started the show, he just took me under and just helped me with everything really. I call him the grandfather." Giovanni won last year's show alongside EastEnders star Rose Ayling-Ellis. The pair won the hearts of the nation and Rose became the first deaf contestant and winner of the long-running show. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.