Aberdeen right-back Calvin Ramsay is set to become Liverpool's third summer signing after the Reds struck an agreement worth up to £5.5million including add-ons for the 18-year-old defender. Having travelled north of the border to watch the highly-rated teenager up close and personal on a number of occasions in the second half of the Scottish Premiership campaign, Liverpool were seemingly impressed with what they saw having now decided to push ahead with a swoop for the young full-back, who is set to become Trent Alexander-Arnold's understudy at Anfield. Liverpool have been locked in transfer negotiations with Aberdeen for several weeks but the breakthrough has now finally been made with Ramsay set to undergo a medical on Merseyside as soon as this weekend. Leeds and Bologna had also shown interest in the Scotland U21 international, who will join up with his compatriot Andy Robertson ahead of the 2022/23 season. The Reds are expected to pay Aberdeen an initial £4m, plus an additional £1.5m in appearance-related bonuses. His imminent arrival at Anfield could have implications for the future of academy graduate Neco Williams, who enjoyed an excellent loan spell on loan at Fulham in the second half of last season, helping the Cottagers to promotion. READ MORE: Taylor's Tuesday Transfers: Tottenham's Spence bid, Everton eye Chelsea deal, Arsenal fury Medical pending, Ramsay will join up with Jurgen Klopp's Liverpool squad for pre-season when they return to training at Kirkby on Monday July 4. The deal for Ramsay takes Liverpool's summer spending to just shy of £100m following the exciting captures of 22-year-old attacking midfielder Fabio Carvalho and 34-goal Benfica frontman Darwin Nunez. For now, Liverpool are not expected to make any other acquisitions this transfer window, meaning the signing of a new central midfielder may have to wait until the summer of 2023. Jude Bellingham is a player of huge interest to Klopp and the Anfield hierarchy but he will be staying with Borussia Dortmund this summer following the sale of Erling Haaland to Manchester City.  Meanwhile, Liverpool youngster Conor Bradley looks set to join League One side Bolton Wanderers on loan. The Reds are also expected to offload Takumi Minamino and Alex Oxlade Chamberlain, having made both available for transfer. There is interest in the Japanese international from Monaco, Leeds, Wolves and others. Liverpool are demanding £17m for the attacking midfielder. Oxlade-Chamberlain is also believed to be attracting Premier League interest, although the Reds are yet to receive any firm approaches for the England international.