Influential Bayern Munich midfielder Joshua Kimmich has spoken about the contract situations of teammates Robert Lewandowski and Serge Gnabry. The pair have been strongly linked with moves away in the summer transfer window to a host of clubs including Liverpool. Lewandowksi has made clear that he hopes his time in Bavaria is over in recent weeks. The striker’s contract is up at the end of next season but he would like to move on now in favour of a new challenge after over a decade in the Bundesliga. He has been encouraged to join Liverpool by his international boss Czeslaw Michniewicz as he supports the Anfield side. Kimmich was reluctant to say too much on the situation regarding the Poland captain. Speaking during his press conference in the build-up to Germany’s Nations League 1-1 draw with Italy, the midfielder said: “This topic has been spoken about a lot recently. Leon got asked yesterday. Therefore, I’m not going to say anything. The player and the club have to clarify the situation between themselves.” Gnabry’s situation is more unclear. He is yet to sign a new contract for the Bundesliga champions despite his current deal expiring next season. Bayern are reportedly willing to accept a bid of around £35million for the winger with the German hoping to receive £250,000 per week in wages. Kimmich felt more inclined to speak out on the situation regarding a player he considers his ‘best friend’. “It is a difficult topic for me,” the 65-times capped international told reporters. “Serge is my best friend and that’s why I hope he stays. We understand each other not only on but also off the pitch. But in the end it’s also important for me that he makes the right decision.” “Serge knows what he has at Bayern and every year he has the chance to play for all the important titles. Nevertheless, he has to decide for himself what’s right for him,” he added. Gnabry has been tipped as a potential Liverpool replacement for departing winger Sadio Mane. The Senegal star has been strongly linked with a move in the opposite direction, switching Merseyside for Bavaria. However, Sky Germany have distanced the Reds from a move for the ex-Arsenal wideman. They claim Liverpool are mainly focused on 'rejuvenating their team for the long term'. And it's suggested that the Anfield side may well look to utilise their current options, like Harvey Elliott and Fabio Carvalho, instead of signing a direct replacement for Mane. The contract situations of two of Bayern Munich’s star men are likely to develop over the summer and fans of Premier League clubs including Liverpool will watch them with interest.