Damon Hill has warned Daniel Ricciardo that he has been 'ended' by Lando Norris during his time at McLaren since joining the British outfit at the start of last year. Ricciardo appears to be facing an uncertain future in Formula One as a result of his lacklustre form since leaving Renault, with Norris outperforming the Aussie driver at almost every Grand Prix weekend this year. Ricciardo trailed his McLaren team-mate by a margin of 55 points at the end of last season and was even lapped by Norris in an embarrassing low point at that year's Monaco Grand Prix. He currently sits 37 short of the young Brit after just seven races in 2022 and has seen his long-term future at McLaren called into question over the last few weeks despite having another year left to run on his current deal with the team."When Daniel Ricciardo was signed, he came up to us in the paddock and he said [to Norris]: 'I'm going to end you'," Hill told the F1 Nation podcast when quizzed on Ricciardo's struggles."I remember thinking: 'That is always a risky thing to say.' Because it looks like the other way around, that Daniel Ricciardo has been ended by Lando. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton hired as film producer involving Brad Pitt "He can't crack it and then the motivation goes and the questions come and then the pressure goes back onto the person who signed him in the first place. If there are lots of resources going out to pay for a very expensive driver then inevitably."He is under an enormous amount of strain. Does that help someone go faster? Probably not, but what to do about it?"Ricciardo is tied down to McLaren until the end of 2023 after signing a three-year contract upon his arrival at the team to replace Carlos Sainz, who joined Ferrari at the start of last season. However, it seems as though the man from Perth could be released from his deal in advance of its expiry date based on McLaren CEO Zak Brown's recent suggestion that a performance-related break clause may come into effect in the not-too-distant future. "Zak didn't exactly come out with this comment just because he wanted to make a statement about how he felt about Daniel Ricciardo," said Hill."There has been a lot of conjecture and us, the media, have been asking: 'What are you going to do about Daniel Ricciardo?' Because everyone can see he has reached a creative block somewhere with his performances."He can't seem to unlock what he needs. I know he won Monza [last year] and it showed that when he gets in the lead, something else fires up, but something is missing." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE