Yesterday’s parade featured a number of tributes to Her Majesty to celebrate her 70-year reign, including a hologram of the Queen herself in the Gold State Coach. But viewers of the parade were left with the opposite of national pride when they spotted a float which appeared to have a “Nazi symbol” on the side of it. The float was intended to be a tribute to the Northern Soul movement of the 1960s. However, it featured an image of a black and silver wheel with jagged lines on its side. This image appeared to closely reflect the “Black Sun symbol”, which was commonly used by the SS in Nazi Germany. It has since been adopted by neo-Nazi movements, and was shared on social media by Payton Gendron, who has since been charged with the racially-motivated mass shooting of 10 people in Buffalo, New York last month. The design of the original features a sun wheel with 12 radial sig runes. The unfortunate irony of a symbol strongly associated with racism being referenced on the side of a float paying tribute to black American soul music was not lost on social media users who expressed their confusion and outrage at the poor design choice. One said: "Why the f**k is the Black Sun, a nazi symbol, on a Jubilee float?" Someone else said: "Nazi symbol on the Northern Soul float? The same Northern Soul that celebrated Black American Soul Music? I hope it was done by someone who didn't have a clue and just liked the pattern." Another said: "I'm guessing they Google image searched Northern Soul images... but that one... that's not a Northern Soul symbol mate, it's a WW2 Nazi badge." One user pointed out that when you search the words “northern soul” on stock image sites such as Alamy, the Black Sun symbol does appear. They said: "If you search 'northern soul images' on Google it comes up on a few stock image sites - I'm guessing whoever got the job of dressing the float didn't double-check.” The Platinum Jubilee Pageant Company has since apologised. DON'T MISS: BBC apologise after Irish tricolour flew at Platinum Jubilee concert [REVEAL]Charles pays tribute to 'much missed' Philip at Jubilee concert [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan's fresh jibe to Gary Lineker at Platinum Jubilee [ANALYSIS] In a statement given to The Mirror, the company said: "This is a genuine mistake and we apologise for the offence caused. “The act intended to represent the Twisted Wheel Club associated with Northern Soul music from 60s and 70s, and the symbol was unfortunately mislabeled on search engines. "This is an error with no malicious intent. “Anyone who has seen the Pageant will know that the Pageant is all about inclusivity, tolerance and unity and this symbol does not correlate with anything it stands for."