Loose Women panellist Judi, 42, was asked by her colleagues on Friday's show to reveal all about meeting the royals at Buckingham Palace. As she reflected on the experience, she had her co-stars in stitches as she admitted she didn't know she wasn't supposed to touch the Prince of Wales and had patted him on the shoulder before dismissing him to chat to Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall.  "Judi.. spill!" Loose Women host Kaye Adams demanded as the show began. Judi responded: "I was at Buckingham Palace, I mean it was absolutely delightful, really beautiful." As she narrated her experience, she started talking about how she and Prince Charles had become engaged in a long chat. "Well I took so long with Mr Prince Charles himself, I was like, 'Oh, Charles go on love, I'll let you go,'" she explained. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen lands new project As the other Loose Woman presenters chortled, Kaye asked "You didn't touch him, did you?" "Oh, I don't know if I wasn't supposed to but yeah," Judi replied. Touching her colleague on the shoulder, she demonstrated: "I did, I was like, 'Babes' and then I moved him along." She had earlier told the others about how the Prince had reassured her when she panicked as he approached her.  "I was snacking, just eating the Doritos that were there," she began as Kaye cut in to ask: "Doritos? At Buckingham Palace?" Judi continued: "I was eating the  Doritos and I was like, 'I need a juice' and as I turned around I heard, 'Oh Judi, it's so lovely to meet you.'" "Who was that?" Kaye asked as Judi laughed: "That was Prince Charles!" She went on: "I was so overwhelmed I said, 'Oh!' I don't know what to do, what am I supposed to do?' DON'T MISS... Sue Barker’s Wimbledon exit sparks fury from fans 'What a loss' [LATEST]Springwatch viewers horrified by mass bird deaths 'What can be done?' [REACTION]EastEnders fans 'work out' Lola Pearce's death [THEORY] "And he said, 'You're not supposed to do anything, just be here just be in the moment.' "It was so nice, we had a good old chat, we were laughing." Later, she reflected: "And then Camilla, she came over and I tell you what, I was like,  'Oh God, I don't know, I've never really met her or met I'm before, I'm not sure what she's going to be like.' "Oh man, she's got bags of personality!" Judi said as she described how she and Camilla had bonded over the Duchess' dress. "She just floated over so easily," Judi commented. "I ended up saying to her, 'I love your dress.' "She had her hands in her pockets and I said, 'Oh my God, you've got pockets.' "And she said, 'I love pockets,' and I was like, 'Pockets!' and we were standing there talking about pockets. "Everyone must have been thinking, 'What is going on?'" Loose Women airs on weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV.