Manchester United are reportedly interested in signing Christian Eriksen following his brilliant form for Brentford. Erik ten Hag is keen to bolster his squad and has identified Eriksen as a low-cost way of adding quality to a side which is low on confidence and is losing several players this summer.    Midfield is an area which particularly needs strengthening at Old Trafford with Paul Pogba, Juan Mata, Nemanja Matic and Jesse Lingard all leaving the club at the end of June. United have inquired about Frenkie de Jong, but Barcelona’s asking price of £70million makes getting a deal over the line difficult. According to The Mirror, Ten Hag’s solution is to join the race to sign Eriksen, who looked back to his best for Brentford in the second half of the 2021/22 season. The Danish midfielder joined the Bees on a short-term deal in January and is yet to decide where he will play next season. Brentford have been in discussions with Eriksen for several weeks and have made him a long-term contract offer which would make him the club’s highest earner. But the 30-year-old is yet to decide whether to stay in west London amid interest from his former club Tottenham and Everton. JUST IN: Man Utd 'alerted' to post-match Frenkie de Jong interview  United have now decided to throw their hat into the ring. Ten Hag saw Eriksen up close when the midfielder trained with Ajax last year as he worked hard to get back fit following his cardiac arrest during Euro 2020. Eriksen was released by Inter Milan due to Italian regulations not allowing players to play with an implantable cardiovascular defibrillator. He has since shown just how good he can be, helping Brentford to win seven of the 10 Premier League games he started after joining in January. Eriksen picked up one goal and four assists in 11 Premier League appearances and was one of the key reasons behind Brentford’s 13th-place finish in their debut campaign in the competition.  DON'T MISS Man Utd urged to close out De Jong deal as Van Gaal makes claim Man Utd exit serves Rangnick well as boss produces dream Austria debut Liverpool star Van Dijk gives verdict on Man Utd target De Jong Ten Hag reportedly wants to bring in six new players this summer and is expected to be back to the tune of £120m by the Glazer family. Eriksen is viewed as a great way of improving the current squad without breaking the bank. The Danish international is available on a free transfer from July 1. United finished sixth in the Premier League, meaning they cannot offer Eriksen Champions League football, unlike Spurs. Eriksen is happy at Brentford, where he is surrounded by fellow Danes and knows he would be the star of Thomas Frank’s side, if he were to stay next season. 