Adam (played by Sam Robertson) has been taking a backseat from the drama on Coronation Street recently, following the ordeal he suffered at the hands of Lydia Chambers (Rebecca Ryan) earlier this year. The Weatherfield lawyer was soon brought back to the centre of the ITV soap during Monday's (June 6) episode as he stepped in to act as Toyah Battersby's (Georgia Taylor) representative when she was arrested for Imran Habeeb's (Charlie De Melo) death. However, as he gets closer to the truth, he could find himself becoming a target as Toyah tries to keep her killer secret hidden. The episode began with Adam paying his respects to Toyah, who was still clearly shaken by the events of last week's action-packed episodes. At the moment, viewers are the only ones who know Toyah caused the crash which led to Imran's death as she was driving dangerously after discovering he had set up Abi Franklin (Sally Carman). As soon as the police arrived to arrest her, Adam jumped into his role as a lawyer as he knew he had to do everything in his power to ensure his friend's wife wasn't blamed for this. When Toyah was shown the CCTV footage of the car crash, which showed the vehicle ploughing at full speed into the scaffolding, she put on quite the performance. Although Adam defended her, there was a certain look he gave her when she was crying which suggested he wasn't totally convinced by her performance. READ MORE: Simon Cowell slammed by BGT fans over wildcard announcement 'A joke!' Towards the end of the episode, he spoke with his wife, Sarah Platt (Tina O'Brien), after he made a discovery of his own. The lawyer said: "I've had to call around so many of his clients. He had a lot of meetings on this week and he was going to meet someone about changing his will." "Well, look, people change their wills all the time when they have a new child," Sarah replied, to which her husband agreed. However, something still didn't sit right with him as he added: "It just feels like weird timing with the crash." Sarah was quite shocked by what her other half was suggesting as she said: "You can't seriously think anything [was planned]?" Before he could reply to the question, Adam closed down the conversation, knowing he was probably thinking too much into things. He claimed he was "just tired" but it seems the lawyer could be digging a little deeper into the circumstances of the crash in upcoming episodes. Although the end of the instalment saw Toyah leave the cobbles to go and stay with her cousin Kirsty, she will be back in Weatherfield very soon. By this point, the lawyer could have built up enough of a case to challenge her over why she ended up crashing the car. As the two characters enter into a fierce confrontation, Adam could accuse Toyah of planning Imran's death as she was the sole beneficiary of his will. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Harriet Bibby on 'important' storyline [COMMENT]Corrie star Adam Rickitt's wife Katy bids farewell to ITV colleague [COMMENT]Corrie's Simon Gregson reacts to 'awful' acting claim [COMMENT] Having gained intel her husband was going to change his will to include Alfie, he could suggest Toyah was jealous and wanted more than she was going to be left. Needing to take action, she caused the crash, hoping her other half would die with her still named as the person who would inherit his whole estate. Viewers know this isn't what happened but as she tries to defend herself against Adam, Toyah could end up spilling the truth. She could tell Adam how angry she was over what he did to Abi and she became distracted, resulting in the car going full speed into the scaffolding. Having revealed her deadly secret, she knows it would only be a matter of time before Adam reports her to the police. Wanting to stop him before he does, Toyah could end up causing his death as well as she pushes him down the stairs at the office. Adam could hit his head, causing major head trauma and seeing him bleeding out, Toyah could make a run for it as she knows there would be nothing linking her back to his death. This would mean the beloved character would have claimed her second victim in as many weeks - could she become the cobbles' new serial killer? Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media earlier this year, Adam Barlow actor Sam, previously discussed leaving the show. After the events surrounding Lydia's storyline, the actor said he would need to step away from the programme to "re-calibrate." The actor explained: "I think sometimes familiarity breeds contempt. Sam continued: "I think sometimes you pick up the script and you feel like you're doing the same scene as you did 12 months ago. Then you think, 'Is it me? Is it the character or the other actors?' "I'm at the stage now, five years in, where I haven't played another character in over six years. It's mad! I feel like coming through this big storyline I need to re-calibrate and find out what this character's all about. "I think this confusion Adam's feeling right now, I'm feeling myself as an actor in terms of, who is this character? "It's been tough. Five-and-a-half years I've been here now and you think the longer you're here the easier it gets. "But in terms of the performance and that character, for sure the challenge doesn't get any easier especially when they throw you into a new storyline." Will thee writers decide now is the time to get rid of Adam altogether? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.