Emmerdale's Nicola King (played by Nicola Wheeler) was left unconscious and bleeding after a brutal attack from a group of teenage girls. The town councillor has been left shaken after the attack and is struggling to cope with her mental health, including not wanting to leave the house. Actress Nicola Wheeler joined Philip Schofield and Holly Willoughby on This Morning where she opened up about the harrowing storyline and teased a potential exit for the character. In recent scenes, Bernice Blackstock (Samantha Giles) and Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy) went out for the afternoon to find some new men to date. After a while, Nicola decided to call it a day and head home, however, when walking back to the car park, she ran into a gang of teenage girls. The girls had been drinking and confronted Nicola as to whether she had any alcohol for them, after telling them, no, they began to get aggressive. Taunting Nicola, the girls called her a "rancid old tramp" before surrounding her near her car. READ MORE: Jon Kay skewers Eustice over energy usage plans As they blocked her path, they snatched her bag and went through her purse before knocking her to the ground. The girls gathered around her as they began to taunt her and throw her belongings on the floor before the horrific scenes unfolded. Since the attack, Nicola has been trying to get back to normal but has begun to show signs of agoraphobia, leaving her to feel like a prisoner in her own home. Touching on the storyline, Holly probed: "It's not over, is it, things are going to get worse for her." Nicola confirmed: "She tries to bury her emotions, her feelings and her fears, but it develops into as we've seen on-screen...she has become agoraphobic. "And then on top of that worst-case scenario monophonic...on top of that which means she doesn't want to be in the house on her own." Phil pushed further and asked: "And for you, as the character and actor, is this a serious thing, are you going to get to spend more time with your family?" Stumbling over her words, Nicola laughed: "It will be a good storyline, I can't tell you! I can tell you something does happen in the future. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Charles Anderson to search for grandchild [INSIGHT]Emmerdale theory: Bernice Blackstock's plan for Nicola King unveiled [LATEST]Emmerdale theory: Billy Fletcher's exit sealed as Dawn makes decision [MORE] "When you think this story may have been put to bed, something else comes along, and then obviously we have got our 50th year, maybe something might happen. "It might mean she can't spend time in the village anymore, so who knows, I don't what they haven't written it yet." Impressed with the information Phil managed to get out of Nicola, Holly praised: "Well done, you did very well there." Phil joked: "I will probably be in terrible trouble, Sharon Marshall will be texting me, what the hell are you doing?" Nicola also revealed that the fight scenes between Nicola King and the group of girls was performed by a stunt double due to her having a hip replacement. "I had a hip replacement, so I took a couple of months off for a hip replacement, and they told me about this story. "They said, 'We're going to bring you back and beat you up, is that ok?' "I said, 'Fine, but I can't throw myself on the floor, so the stunt double did anything really physical because I was still healing." Emmerdale airs Monday to Thursday from 7pm on ITV.