Meghan Markle recently returned to the UK with Prince Harry to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Former Real Housewives of Cheshire star Deborah Davies has claimed the Duchess of Sussex knows she needs to act more like Kate Middleton. Meghan and Prince Harry's trip to the UK comes two years after they last appeared in public in Britain following their decision to step down as senior working royals. Speaking in a recent interview, the reality star turned psychic claimed the Duchess of Sussex would adopt more of the Duchess' of Cambridge's style at the Jubilee celebrations. Deborah said: "I think that Harry's sold it to her as 'look, you know this is an ideal opportunity to get back in with the British public, they are going to love you, just act a bit more like Kate does'. "At the end of the day, she's an actress I think he's sold it to her on those lines, it was interesting to see the other day, a photograph was published, she was wearing a dress that was by one of Kate's favourite designers." READ MORE: Karren Brady talks royal 'pulling the strings' as Queen 'steps back' She continued to the Daily Star: "She knows all she needs to do is act a bit more like Kate, in her mind, the British public love Kate and if she acts more like her and dresses more like her. "I wouldn't be surprised if she's dressing like her, whenever she's there and having her picture taken, I think she's going to be dressing a bit like Kate to play that role." Deborah is best known for her role in The Real Housewives of Chesire - a reality series on ITV. The TV psychic who joined the ITVBe programme in series 13 reportedly quit the programme earlier this year.  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who stepped down as royals in 2020, celebrated their daughter Lilibet's first birthday in a "relaxed" garden party over the weekend for their daughter in the Windsor estate with a birthday cake, balloons, party games and picnic snacks. A spokesman for the couple did not name family members who attended the party, but Zara and Mike Tindall are believed to have made an appearance but Prince William, Kate, George and Charlotte were in Wales representing the Queen. The Sussexes left for their California home the following day before the grand finale of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee began on Sunday. Those who are said to have also been at Frogmore Cottage include Zara and Mike Tindall's three children, Mia, eight, Lena, three, and Lucas, one, as well as Savannah, 11, and Isla, 10, daughters of Peter Phillips and Autumn Kelly. DON'T MISS... Britney Spears' estranged mother breaks silence on wedding[LATEST]Charlize Theron, 46, unrecognisable as she ditches blonde look[PICTURES]Deborah James shares new pics - 'Still live whilst dying'[UPDATES] Three-year-old Archie's godfather, Charlie Van Straubenzee, and his brother Tom, godfather to Princess Charlotte, was also invited, it is understood. Twitter royal commentator and friend of the Sussexes Omid Scobie said the couple invited close friends and family for an 'intimate backyard picnic' as he posted the picture. Harry and Meghan left the Platinum Jubilee early - missing the Pageant and the Queen on the balcony last Sunday. The Duke and Duchess are said to have introduced their little girl to the Queen - nicknamed Lilibet as a child - last week at Windsor after attending a private Royal Family lunch at Buckingham Palace following Trooping the Colour. Meanwhile, Meghan recently opened up about the adorable bond between her and Prince Harry’s two children, Archie and Lilibet, in a rare interview. The Duchess of Sussex has offered a small insight into her family life with Harry and their children. Speaking on the Ellen Degeneres show, Meghan said: "He loves being a big brother!" "Someone told H (Harry) and I that when you have one kid it's a hobby, and two children is parenting. “Suddenly we realised, oh right, everyone talks about what it's like for the second child, but no one talks about the adjustment for the first child when the second one comes along. “So I think they have that moment of, 'Oh, this is fun...oh, this is how it is now'."