Mystery-comedy Only Murders in the Building season two launched today (June 28). The story picked up from the shocking cliffhanger at the close of the first outing. But when does the show air and how can you watch it? Season two of Only Murders in the Building started airing with the first two episodes from the new series dropping on Hulu in America and Disney Plus in the UK. There are 10 episodes in total in the new outing - the same number as the first run. Episodes will be released on a weekly basis on both platforms with the show coming under the Star banner on Disney+ in the UK, which houses more adult content. Again, this release schedule is fairly similar to the first outing when Only Murders in the Building saw episodes screened each week to keep viewers on the edge of their seats. READ MORE: How many episodes are in Only Murders in the Building season 2? Episodes of the show land on Hulu and Disney+ at midnight Pacific Time, which is 3am Eastern Standard Time for viewers on the other side of America. As the UK is ahead of America in time zones, this is 8am BST on the day of release. Season two sees the central trio Charles-Haden Savage (played by Steve Martin), Oliver Putnam (Martin Short), and Mabel Mora (Selena Gomez) now in the frame for murder. The three cracked the killing of Tim Kono (Julian Cihi), but it seems they were punished for getting too close to the truth. They are now suspected of bumping off Bunny Fogler (Jayne Houdyshell), the board president of the Arconia, where they live. Facing accusations of murder and becoming the subject of a true-crime podcast, they will be fighting to clear they names and find the real killer. Only Murders in the Building is only available on Disney+ in the UK because Hulu doesn’t have international streaming rights. Also, Disney owns Hulu and so any of this content will go on Disney+ for those in the UK. Only Murders in the Building season two can only be watched on Disney+ in the UK and you’ll need to be a subscriber to access episodes. You can become a member of the streaming platform for just £7.99 per month or £79.90 for an annual membership. Along with access to Only Murders in the Building, a Disney+ subscription gives you access to all of Disney’s back catalogue. Additionally, all Marvel, Pixar and Star Wars content including the new Obi-Wan Kenobi series are available on Disney+. DON'T MISS...Only Murders in the Building season 2 cast: Who is in the cast? [EXPLAINER]Denise Welch in fiery clash with Loose Women co-star over age row [TV ROW]A Place in the Sun's Jean Johansson taken aback by couple's refusal [VIDEO] As mentioned, Hulu content such as Love, Victor can be viewed on the platform. Disney houses content from ABC and FX, so fans of Grey’s Anatomy can catch up on the entire show from the beginning. According to Statista, Disney+ has 137.7million subscribers across the world as of the second quarter of 2022. This is a whopping rise from the 26.5 million members by 2020 after the streaming platform launched in November 2019. Only Murders in the Building season 2 airs episodes weekly on Tuesdays on Disney+ in the UK and Hulu in America