First Kill season one is on Netflix now and the series follows young vampire Juliette Fairmont (played by Sarah Catherine Hook). She falls for the new girl, Cal Burns (Imani Lewis) who happens to be a monster hunter. At the end of the series, fans were concerned for the fate of Cal's eldest half-brother, Theo (Phillip Mullings Jr).  The series follows Juliette as she tries to follow in her family's footsteps and become a famous legacy vampire. As they were born vampires, they are able to blend into the human world unnoticed. Yet Juliette faces the pressure of having to make her first kill, which becomes even more complicated when she falls for Cal. As an intense cat and mouse game ensues, Cal finds herself held captive by vampires who want Juliette to kill her. Cal was not the only member of her family to end up in a complicated situation. READ MORE: Andrew Neil claims GB News could have 'killed me' Her brother Theo was struggling with the memory of his biological mother dying. He tried to find answers and track down her killer, with the help of his brother Apollo (Dominic Goodman). Apollo tried to coax answers out of Juliette's older sister Elinor (Gracie Dzienny) by seducing her. However, Theo burst in on them and blew his cover, resulting in a fight. Theo was accidentally stabbed by Apollo, with many fans worried about his fate. Presuming he is dead, Jules offered to take matters into her own hands. She later discovered Theo is not actually dead, but he was bleeding out. Juliette tried to drain his blood in order to give him an honourable death. Yet in the process, he was transformed into a vampire. This leads Theo's family to turn against him, with his father believing he should die. DON'T MISS... 'If I was Meghan I'd want it!' Lorraine hits out at bullying report [VIDEO] First Kill Netflix cast: Who is in Vampire Netflix series? [INSIGHT] Snowflake Mountain cast: Who is in the cast? [EXPLAINER] However, his stepmother Talia (Aubin Wise) helped Theo escape unscathed. He ended up in the care of Oliver (Dylan McNamara), Juliette's older brother. Fans will be keen to see how Theo embraces his new life if the series is renewed for a second season. The series is yet to be renewed, but viewers should remain hopeful. Sadly for Juliette, she ended her relationship with Cal after she intervened with Theo. The series ended with Theo settling in at Oliver's home, but has he moved in with the wrong crowd? Theo actor Phillip Mullings Jr is on Instagram and he gushed about his experience on the show. He said: "When I tell y’all this was the experience of a lifetime! "Every single person made this journey what it is. And now the journey is all of ours! "Thank you for watching First Kill!! I don’t know about y’all but I’m ready for another season. Until then..."  First Kill is on Netflix now.