The Duchess of Cornwall, 74, and Mrs Johnson, 34, greeted each other warmly at the Violence Against Women and Girls event at the Kigali Convention Centre on Thursday. The pair are in Rwanda with their husbands for the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (Chogm). Camilla and Mrs Johnson appeared to be getting on well as they chatted at the event. The pair are said to have bonded during the Covid pandemic when Boris Johnson was battling the virus in intensive care, in contrast to reported tensions between Prince Charles and the Prime Minister. A source told The Times: “She provided support to Carrie in a really difficult time. “They get on really well. It’s very different to Boris’s relationship with Charles.” Camilla gave a keynote speech at the women and girls event being staged ahead of the summit of Commonwealth leaders. Convened by the Commonwealth Secretary-General Baroness Scotland, the event showcased the work of the Commonwealth Secretariat's partnership with the No More Foundation. It has led to the launch of the Commonwealth Says No More initiative to prevent domestic violence and sexual abuse, specifically on addressing violence against women and girls. In her speech, Camilla - who has campaigned on the issue of domestic abuse for years - called on every man and woman in the Commonwealth to take "personal responsibility" for ending violence against women and the laws that discriminate against them. The Duchess highlighted how the Commonwealth's member states have pledged their support to an initiative to prevent domestic violence and sexual abuse, which the event was promoting, and said: "There is power in this alliance." She added: "In so doing, we have the opportunity to end gender-based violence and those laws and practices that discriminate against women. "And each one of us must take personal responsibility not to let this opportunity be lost." The event is part of a busy day of engagements for Camilla and Charles, who landed in Rwanda on Tuesday.  The Prince of Wales is set to hold a potentially awkward meeting with the Prime Minister tomorrow following his reported criticism of the Government's policy of sending asylum seekers to the East African country on a one-way ticket. The heir to the throne reportedly branded the plans "appalling" in private remarks. Mr Johnson has said he will stress the "obvious merits" of the policy to Charles over their cup of tea on Friday morning in the Rwandan capital. Later today, Camilla and the First Lady of Rwanda, Jeanette Kagame, will visit a public library supported by Book Aid International, a charity which the Duchess now represents as patron after succeeding Prince Philip in the role. Meanwhile, Charles will highlight the critical importance of rejuvenating land with a visit to a local wildlife sanctuary which has reclaimed surrounding wetlands and protected endangered cranes. The future King will also attend a series of events that will focus on climate, health and the private sector, meeting business owners from across the Commonwealth, host a roundtable with his Sustainable Markets Initiative, Commonwealth leaders and global CEOs, and attend the Kigali Summit on Malaria and Neglected Tropical Diseases. The royal couple will end their day by attending a fashion event as part of the Kigali Fashion Week. 