Daniel Craig's final foray as James Bond came last year in No Time To Die. And, since then, the Bond bosses have been working diligently behind the scenes to find the next 007 star. Fans will likely be given an official announcement about the next Bond actor in the coming months, but until then, the Bond odds are the best chance of figuring out who is going to be taking his martinis shaken, not stirred. And cinema fans are going to be ecstatic to learn that Tom Hardy is slowly climbing up that list once again. Hardy has been a hot topic where the future of the Bond franchise has been concerned for a few years, now. His popularity in the Bond odds follows a rumour that he had already been cast as the spy hero - however, these reports were never confirmed. Since then, he has vowed to stay out of any rumours about his own casting in the role. He said: "You know, there's a saying amongst us in the fraternity of acting, and in the fellowship of my peer group, that if you talk about it you're automatically out of the race. So I can't possibly comment on that one! If I mention [James Bond], it's gone." With that said, his odds to become the new man of mystery have now been slashed. William Hill has given Hardy an incredible 6/1 on becoming Bond in the near future. The bookmakers have revealed Hardy's odds have shortened in recent days, making him almost neck-and-neck with the pair of actors in the odds' fourth place. They said: "With speculation ever rife around who’ll play the next Bond, any shifts in the market at this stage shouldn’t be ignored - and Tom Hardy’s impressive climb back up the roster is no exception. There’s a reason the actor has been up there as a favourite over the last year, and it could be that somebody knows something we don’t when explaining the rise in interest." Just ahead of Hardy at the moment are X-Men star Michael Fassbender and Luther actor Idris Elba. These two hugely renowned stars currently have 5/1 odds on claiming the role - but Hardy could still take their spot in the coming weeks. He still has a long way to go, however, if he wants to take on the current frontrunners. READ MORE: James Bond movie almost had Jurassic Park actor instead of Dalton Chiwetel Ejiofor sits ahead of both Elba and Fassbender with a staggering 4/1 on becoming Bond next. However, as he is involved in the ever-expanding Doctor Strange franchise from Marvel, he may not have the time to become the next 007. But ahead of him are the two British frontrunners that almost everyone wants to play the next iteration of the hero. Second place in the odds is held by Henry Cavill, who has an incredible 7/2. DON'T MISS...James Bond movie almost had Jurassic Park actor instead of Dalton [INFO]Next James Bond could be Idris Elba as 007 bosses 'considering' star [INSIGHT]Next James Bond: Marvel star odds slashed as he threatens Tom Hardy [NEWS] The Superman actor has had a boost in his career in recent years following his involvement with Netflix's fantasy series The Witcher. What's more, he has already gotten to the Bond audition phase in the past. In 2005 Cavill auditioned for Casino Royale against Craig, but during the audition process, he was told he was looking a little "chubby". He admitted he didn't know how to "diet or train". The star no doubt wants to make up for his failures in the past. But both he and Hardy could lose out to the leader of the pack at the moment, though. And the Netflix star has been extremely popular in recent months. Regé-Jean Page is at the top of the Bond odds with an as-of-yet unbeatable 5/2. The Bridgerton hunk has been the Bond leader for some time, and it's easy to see why. The relative newcomer to Hollywood has been hugely popular with younger fans and could be a great option for the next young 007. However, the star himself said he is "flattered" by the rumours, but thinks they are just that: Rumours. The James Bond films are available on Amazon Prime Video.