The agent of Manchester United wonderkid Facundo Pellistri has confirmed that his client is attracting interest from English clubs amongst other potential European destinations ahead of the 2022/23 season. The Uruguayan was snapped up by the Red Devils on transfer deadline day in October 2020 and spent 18 months on loan in Spain with Alaves. Yet his star potential is still of huge importance to United, who want to manage his development at the right pace. His performances at international level suggest United have a real prospect on their hands and Erik ten Hag is keen to cast an eye over the 20-year-old in pre-season. According to his representative Agustin Alvarez, there is a chance he could leave United on loan next season with another English venture among his long list of possibilities. He told Grand Hotel Calciomercato: “Pellistri has a contract until 2026. He will make the pre-season retreat with Manchester United and will take part in the tour in Asia. READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signings "Erik ten Hag will decide if he will stay or be loaned out. In the latter case we have several possibilities between England, Italy and Portugal thanks also to the performance we had with the national team.” Pellistri starred in United's pre-season win over Derby last season, netting in the 2-1 victory over Wayne Rooney's side. He failed to score in 33 appearances for Alaves across two seasons but there is a feeling that the best if yet to come. And given United's lack of progress in their pursuit of new signings, he could well force his way into Ten Hag's thinking during pre-season if he performs. DON'T MISS THE LATEST TRANSFER GOSSIP Man Utd board 'in talks' over surprise first signing to kickstart Erik ten Hag era Leeds 'receive mystery £60m Raphinha bid' from English club as Arsenal and Spurs circle Cristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signings United are looking to bolster their attacking options with Ajax's Antony high on the agenda. Yet the shaky consistency of Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial could also open the door for Pellistri ahead of the new campaign. The same applies to Amad Diallo following his stint with Rangers in Scotland. He has already held talks with United's new boss over his future and another loan spell is seemingly on the agenda. DON'T MISS: Taylor's Transfers - Liverpool clause boost, Arsenal priority deals, Armando Broja view on West Ham offer Former Rangers defender Alan Hutton thinks another temporary move to Ibrox could be the perfect solution for all parties. "I don’t think he reached the heights that a lot of people were expecting. “I’m not going to lie I thought he’d have more of an impact, so I did feel for him. "He’s obviously come from a big club, and there’s no doubting his talent and we did see it in flashes. “So it would be nice to see him come back and flourish and show the player he actually can be.”