First Minister Nicola Sturgeon announced her plans to drag Scotland out of the UK with a vote on the issue on October 19, 2023. With Prime Minister Boris Johnson refusing to grant consent for such a ballot to be held, Ms Sturgeon is asking UK Supreme Court judges to rule if Holyrood can hold a referendum without the backing of Westminster.  However, when asked whether a referendum should take place next October, 53 percent of people said it should not, 40 percent said it should, and the remainder were undecided, a poll for The Scotsman found. Tory MSP Stephen Kerr accused Ms Sturgeon and the SNP of wasting another eight years. He tweeted: "A poll in the Scotsman showed only 44% of people would vote "Yes" in an Indyref2. 8 years and non-stop arguing for it from the SNP, and they're down 1%. "8 years of Scottish Taxpayers money and Parliament time wasted." Ms Sturgeon “defiance” was blamed for “deepening the divide” in Scotland. Associate director Chris Hopkins of Savanta ComRe, who carried out the poll, said the results on the question of whether Scotland should be an independent country are "practically neck and neck".  He said: "Support for a second independence referendum without a Section 30 is driven by those in the Yes camp; opposition comes almost wholly from the No camp. "Four in five Yes voters say the case for independence is stronger now than in 2014, a majority of No voters say it's weaker now. "The battle lines that were drawn in 2014 are all too familiar, and Nicola Sturgeon's defiance to hold a referendum at almost any cost just deepens this divide."  READ MORE: Scots turn against independence as more than half reject IndyRef2 If Supreme Court judges rule the ballot cannot take place, Ms Sturgeon has already declared that the next Westminster election will be a "de facto referendum" on Scotland's place in the UK. The Scotsman poll, carried out by Savanta ComRes, found that 44 percent of those questioned support independence, while 46 percent are opposed, both down one percent from a survey last month, while 10 percent were undecided, which was up three percentage points. When don't knows were removed, 49 percent said they would vote Yes, while 51 percent said they would vote No, which was unchanged. DON'T MISS'At least we could throw her in PRISON!' Sturgeon mocked over IndyRef2 [INSIGHT]SNP deputy confronted over wish to quit biggest market 'Why do that!?' [REVEALED]Sturgeon horror as Scotland economy plummets at FASTER rate than UK [INFO] Savanta ComRes interviewed 1,029 Scottish adults aged 16 or over online between June 23 and 28. It comes after Mr Johnson said it was the Government's "longstanding position" that it was not the right time for another Scottish independence referendum.  Speaking to reporters in Madrid where he is attending the Nato summit, he said: "We will look carefully at what she says. Don't forget that the longstanding position is that we don't think this is the right time to be doing a constitutional change. "We're focused on the priorities, which is tackling the cost of living, the pressures that we will face, sorting out our economy, our plan for a stronger economy.  "And I would just say, repeat, I think our economy is all the stronger for being together. "That's very much our view. I think this is a time really now to focus on things which the Union can deliver for the economic benefit of everybody."