A Place in the Sun's Jonnie Irwin, 48, has suffered a blunder after having a haircut that went wrong. The star said he spoke to his wife after giving himself a haircut and she was deeply concerned. The A Place in the Sun star posted the message in view of his 31,700 followers. He said: “Gave myself a super short head shave a few days ago and have been strutting round the pool like a skinny Jason Statham. “Wife turns up and asked what the hell happened to the back of my head. “Turns out it’s more difficult than it looks…” READ MORE: Patriotic Kate Moss, 48, wears Union Jack ensemble for Jubilee His fans rushed to the comment section to share their thoughts. Karenjallison wrote: “My husband always shaves his own head but after I always have to do a head inspection. “He’s very good at it but there’s invariably tufty or missed bits.” Fredizzie2 wrote: “Looks as if a passing seagull took a fancy to your short locks??” Rubyfarrow said: “Always liked your hair, how come you decided to go for the shave?” Cuddsimon put: “Had a similar issue once when forgot to put attachment on the clippers. “Then had to try and even up the mess on one side to match the other!!” It comes after Jonnie took to the picture sharing platform earlier this year to share concern over his “ugly” new family home. DONT MISS:Eamonn Holmes reacts to praise over 'chemistry' with GB News co-host (PHOTOS)Amanda Holden, 50, dares to go braless in dress on chilly London day (NEWS)David Beckham sends alluring message to wife Victoria while topless (LATEST) In view of his 29,200 followers, Jonnie shared his renovation plans for his family home project. Appearing in a coat and hat, the Channel 4 host said: "Hello from a rather chilly but gorgeous day up here in Newcastle. "You might remember that a short while ago I'd just posted that we'd bought a new family home. "This is the first family home we've owned since we've been a family of five, so it's very exciting," he said. The star added at the time: "I want to document all that I do with this house and it will be warts and all, good news and bad news, including all my mistakes, of which there will be many, I'm sure. "But let's start at the front," he said before showing off his new detached home to fans. He continued: "Principally, I was always taught to buy the worst house on the best street. "Well, it's a pretty lovely street, it's full of families and I've managed to find certainly the ugliest house!"