The Duchess of Sussex filmed a video message for a competitor's daughter at the Invictus Games in The Hague in April. The clip of Meghan was shared on Twitter by a fan over the weekend prompting praise from other followers. One Twitter user with the handle majtessy commented: "Omg am saving this for a rewatch! Anytime I wanna see live Megan. Close to heart Megan. Queen of the people!" Another, AtoddsM1, wrote: "I love this!!!" A third, DaisyHa58713895, added: "Gosh she's beautiful!... Inside and out!" In the video, which racked up hundreds of likes and retweets, Meghan smiles as she shares a message for the competitor's daughter. The former actress says: "Sending big hellos and lots of thanks for your dad being here, he's going to have a great week." The competitor grins as he stands alongside the Duchess in the clip. Meghan joined Prince Harry for the first few days of the Invictus Games in the Netherlands before heading back to the US. The Duke of Sussex founded the Invictus Games to aid the rehabilitation of injured or sick military personnel and veterans from across the globe by giving them the challenge of competing in sporting events similar to the Paralympics. READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should William invite Harry and Meghan to birthday party? Former soldier Harry was inspired after attending the Warrior Games in Colorado in 2013 and seeing how the challenge of competitive sports aided the recovery of injured members of the American forces. The event earlier this year was delayed from 2020 due to the Covid pandemic. Meghan gushed over her husband as she introduced him at the opening ceremony of the Invictus Games. DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: 'Peacemaker' Kate extends olive branch to HarryPOLL: Should Meghan and Harry speak of family moments at Jubilee?Princess Anne and Meghan Markle share one personality trait The Duchess said: "It is my distinguished honour to introduce someone that I think you'll all be very excited to hear from. "He has also spent many late nights and early mornings planning for these games to make them as perfect as possible for each of you. "I could not love and respect him more and I know that all of you feel the same, because he is your fellow veteran, having served two tours of duty in Afghanistan and 10 years of military service. "He's the founder of the Invictus Games, and the father to our two little ones, Archie and Lili. "Please welcome my incredible husband, Prince Harry, the Duke of Sussex." The Sussexes are living in California after quitting royal duties in 2020. 