The Brexit vote split Labour voters with most MPS and members of the party campaigning for Remain while key voters were supporting and voted for Leave. It is thought that the leader of the opposition will confirm that a Government under Labour would not revert rules and allow citizens of the EU states to live and work freely in the UK. However, many members of the opposition have warned Sir Keir that his focus needs to be on building and protecting a close relationship in Brussels. At the point of Mr Starmer’s successful election as leader of the Labour party, he vowed to members that he would “defend free movement as we leave the EU”. It has now become apparent that his new aim is to secure more voters that were lost from Labour to the Tories during the last election. Sources have told The Mirror that Sir Keir is aiming to emphasise the failure of Boris Johnson’s Government to keep to the promises they made during the EU referendum. A Senior Labour source said that the Labour leader is hoping to be “bolder” over the next few weeks to point out the flaws in the Prime Minister’s Brexit deal. The source said: “You can expect Keir to be bolder talking about why the Brexit deal isn’t working. READ MORE: Schoolgirl planning 4-hour journey for exam as strike paralyses rail “We don’t think anybody is feeling any Brexit benefits.” Most recently Mr Johnson has been criticised for his handling of the Northern Ireland Protocol. Both Mr Starmer and Rachel Reeves, the Shadow Chancellor are thought to be spending much of the summer looking at the economy and giving speeches and visits to marginal seats. According to the source in The Mirror, the Labour members will be “making very clear where [they] stand on the big policy issues – including Brexit". DON'T MISS: Prince William to celebrate birthday without his ‘wingman’ (INSIGHT)Queen's mantra to be ditched by William amid popularity concerns (REVEAL)Princess Anne channelled Princess Diana by completely altering brooch (PICTURES) A source from the Opposition said: “We recognise that people need to know where we stand on these. “We’re not naïve. We know we haven’t been heard.” Insiders from the Labour party have expressed their belief that the impact of their two major economic politics – “buy, make and sell British” and a £28bn climate passage – on the lives of people will need to be explained if they wish to make progress.