Manchester United legend Wes Brown thinks the positives outweigh the negatives when it comes to keeping Cristiano Ronaldo. The Portugal international has been linked with a shock move to Chelsea this summer after his agent, Jorge Mendes, held talks with new Blues owner Todd Boehly. But Brown, who played alongside the 37-year-old during his own playing days, thinks he’ll stay put. It emerged over the weekend that Chelsea had held sensational talks about signing Ronaldo this summer. The Blues have agreed to let Romelu Lukaku rejoin Inter Milan on loan and, at the current moment in time, are yet to bring in a replacement. Ronaldo has indicated he wants to stay at United but, with the club failing to qualify for the Champions League, there remains uncertainty over his future. It’s also been claimed elsewhere that the veteran is worried about the Red Devils’ lack of ambition, with Erik ten Hag yet to welcome any new signings so far. But Brown thinks United would be wise to keep Ronaldo, insisting he brings guaranteed goals to the team. Speaking exclusively to Express Sport, he said: “He’s a different breed. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “We need to make signings regardless but keeping Ronaldo will be a big plus, just look at the goals he got us this year. “You can say lots of things good, or bad, but ultimately he will score you goals as well. “Obviously Cavani has gone. Pretty much every position we need to improve on and I’m pretty sure the manager will know that, he’s been told that’s absolutely fine and the funds are there to do that. “Ultimately it’s about whether we can get hold of these players and can we get them at the right price as well.” While Ronaldo may be concerned about United’s lack of transfer activity, things should soon change. Frenkie de Jong is poised to move from Barcelona, while Tyrell Malacia is on the verge of joining from Feyenoord. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen But while the imminent arrival of De Jong in particular would represent a major coup, Brown thinks his old side require more additions in the middle of the park. “Yeah,” he said when asked if United need more signings in that position. “Four have gone and I’d say Mata and Matic were getting a little bit older, that can’t replace the experience and the quality that they have. “Ultimately when you get older it’s the legs that go, which everybody completely understands. But we need quality in midfield, and De Jong is a quality player. “An experienced player.” Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team On De Jong specifically, he added: “Yeah I do [think he’d be a good addition], I think he’s a quality player who is good on the ball. “He’s not shy with the ball and we obviously know we’ve had a lot of players leave, especially midfielders in general. “Whether they were getting to the end, a bit older, but there’s been quite a lot gone. “So we’re pretty thin there. Midfield is definitely a signing that we need and De Jong, I think, would fit the bill very nicely.” Brown also insisted that Richard Arnold deserves credit for sitting down with fans at a local pub recently, too. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “First of all I don’t think it’s right that people should turn up at someone’s house,” said Brown. “But that’s a completely different matter. “Ultimately, he’s gone down and he’s done it knowing the situation he was putting himself in, and in the right way. “I don’t think there’s anything wrong with that and he’s said what he needed to say. “I don’t think that was orchestrated right (the fans turning up to his house) but he handled it really well.” Former Manchester United defender Wes Brown was speaking ahead of the 360 Sports TV Masters Cup, taking place on the 8th July, available to stream on 360 Sports TV