Tottenham star Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg has confessed that Antonio Conte is asking questions about his Denmark team-mate, Christian Eriksen. The midfield maestro, who is coming to the end of his short-term contract with Brentford, has perked the interest of numerous top clubs and there are plenty of Spurs fans who are keen to see player and club reunite. Eriksen's career hit a huge hurdle at Euro 2020 when he suffered a cardiac arrest on the pitch while playing for Denmark. The 30-year-old was fitted with a heart starting device that prevented him from continuing at Inter Milan, and he was left without a club for several months while he worked his way back to match fitness. Curiously enough, Brentford were the ones to take a punt in January, and Eriksen has comprehensively repaid their faith. One goal and four assists in 11 Premier League outings is hardly groundbreaking, but his overall performance in a deep-lying playmaker role left onlookers in no doubt about what he still has to offer. While on international duty with Denmark, Hojbjerg was pressed on the matter. "Everyone knows that Christian is master of his own future," he said, per Danish outlet Bold. "He needs to have peace of mind with the family, to figure out what the next step is for him and I am sure he will make the best possible choice for himself. JUST IN: Armenia player launches bottle at linesman in angry rage during Scotland clash "Yes, [Conte] has asked me how he is. When we came back after being together last, he asked me how he was doing. Of course, I can [see him coming back to Tottenham]. Then there is the question of whether he himself can, but of course, I can see that Christian can contribute something to that team. "It could be fun for all parties, but I do not think it is opportunities he lacks, and then it’s just what is the right opportunity and what he himself feels for. Many of my teammates in the club talk about him occasionally. Some of them might even talk to him once in a while. He made a fantastic impression there as a player and as a person, and it was noticed by many." DON'T MISS: Ecuador 'to be kicked out of World Cup' as lawyer claims player 'faked birth certificate' Despite the fact some in the Spurs squad are messaging Eriksen and Conte is asking after him, they are not the only club keeping tabs on his situation. The former Inter star reportedly attracted a host of scouts during Denmark's 2-1 win over Austria on Monday, including Manchester United. But making the 2022 World Cup squad is thought to be top of Eriksen's priority list, and at Brentford he would have guaranteed football and a prominent role in the squad. The Bees are thought to be readying an offer that would make him their highest-paid player. Eriksen spent seven years at Tottenham between 2013 and 2020, scoring 69 goals and notching a boatload of assists. Back in February, Conte left the door wide open for the Dane to return to north London in the near future. "For sure, Eriksen is part of Tottenham's story," said the Italian. "To come back here would be a good opportunity for him, for me, for the club. But now he's signed for Brentford, only six months, and we'll see what happens. "I'm the first person to be happy to see him again on the pitch because we spent a really good time at Inter Milan together. We won the league, we spent two important seasons together. I wish him all the best for the future. And you don't know what will happen. It would be good for me to have him again, to work together."