It was obvious from the outset that the key issue would be the border between Ireland and Northern Ireland. It was further obvious that this would require very close adherence to the 1998 Belfast Agreement, which brought peace to the Emerald Isle after years of strife. It was only slightly less obvious that in these delicate and potentially dangerous circumstances, the provisions of Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, which sets out the precise drill to be followed in the case of withdrawal, should be scrupulously observed. These considerations were fully addressed in Mrs May's letter of March 29, 2017, to President Juncker, at that time the President of the European Council, notifying our intention to withdraw. Had the question been handled according to the rules, the Emerald Isle situation would have been handled in a context reflecting the political and legal complexities. But the EU had other priorities.On June 29, 2016, a mere six days after the Referendum, but long before Mrs May had formally notified Brussels of our intention to withdraw, the European Council issued a statement containing the following passage: "There is a need to organise the withdrawal of the UK in an orderly fashion. Article 50 TEU provides the legal basis for this process." Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty does no such thing. As already explained, it contains specific instructions as to how the withdrawal process is to be conducted and managed, and in that connection lays precise obligations on the European Union. The weasel wording of the second sentence paves the way for the EU to flout the terms of Article 50, in whatever way they pleased. The word "orderly" does not figure in Article 50. All it means is "what the EU believe suits their interests best". Their statement of June 29, 2016, is all the proof any fair-minded person needs that the European Council never had any intention of playing fair with us. It was to be bullying and trickery from the start. The statement set the stage for the publication on April 29,  2017, of the iniquitous EU Guidelines (EUCO XT 20004/17) adopted unilaterally by the European Council, without even the pretence of consultation with us. The European Council further insisted that this document should be the sole basis of the negotiations for our withdrawal. Disregard of UK legitimate interests is unfettered. Fairness went out of the window. The EU put the goal posts on wheels, and trundled them around the pitch to suit their convenience. Force majeure vitiated the process from the start.It beggars belief that the UK negotiators were so weak as to swallow this monstrous behaviour. The same could be said of the diplomats, civil servants, legal eagles, Ministers, parliamentarians, pundits and "opinion formers" whose responsibility it was to keep a wary eye on what was going on. We have been treated instead to the unedifying spectacle of a strong preference in high places for the stance of the Three Wise Monkeys.