Liverpool are set to re-sign their ex-midfielder Jay Spearing in an unusual deal that will see him play in the club’s under-23s side. Spearing, who has just been released by League Two club Tranmere, joined the Reds as a seven-year-old and made 55 first-team appearances before being sold to Bolton in 2013. Spearing was the captain of the Liverpool under-18s side that won the FA Youth Cup in 2007 but never quite made the grade at Anfield after being promoted to the first-team, although he was heavily involved as the Reds lifted the League Cup in 2012. The player has still managed to carve out a decent career in football and has appeared 147 times in the Championship, 142 times in League One and 75 times in League Two during spells with Leicester, Bolton, Blackburn, Blackpool and Tranmere. Spearing has not been given a new contract at Tranmere. And, according to The Telegraph, the 33-year-old will return to the Liverpool academy in an innovative development role initiated by youth director Alex Inglethorpe. The veteran midfielder will offer invaluable experience to players on the threshold of breaking into the Liverpool first-team, while also assisting coaching of some of the younger age groups within the club’s academy. READ MORE: Arsenal's stance on signing Youri Tielemans after agreeing Fabio Vieira transfer   Liverpool are not the first Premier League team to hand out the unusual role as Brighton, Manchester United and Southampton have all done the same thing in recent years. Brighton were the first English club to bring in a player solely to aid the development of youngsters when they signed their former player Andrew Crofts from Yeovil Town in 2019. Last summer, United then signed former player Paul McShane, while Southampton brought Olly Lancashire back to the south coast as the duo took on the specialist roles. DON'T MISSArsenal 'close in' on third summer signing ahead of Fabio Vieira transferArsenal have 'new £85m Gabriel Jesus alternative' also wanted by Chelsea and Man UtdChristian Eriksen turned down Man Utd 'because of Juan Mata' as interest reignited    And Crofts has already explained why the role works so well. “I think there are probably a lot of clubs thinking, ‘cor, why haven’t we done that before,’” Crofts said last year after he had hung up his boots to become head coach of the Brighton under-23s team. “The first ones are always the brave ones to test it and give it a go. It looks like it has been successful at Brighton because of the players [that have progressed] and the impact that it has had on the age group. Consistency with young players is maybe one of the toughest things to achieve and I think experienced players know how to be consistent in their behaviours and their actions.” Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here  