NBC’ highly acclaimed competition America's Got Talent kicked off its 17th season with an all-new episode of auditions from amateur performers. With the hopes of winning $1million, young saxophonist Avery Dixon was propelled straight to the live shows after receiving the highly desired Golden Buzzer.  America’s Got Talent returned to screens with a special two-hour long premiere which saw amateur performers hope to advance in the competition. The season kicked off with Simon Cowell in the judging seat, where he was joined by Sofia Vergara, Heidi Klum and Howard Mandel. Having hosted the show since 2019, Terry Crew also returned to help ease the participant’s pre-show nerves. Each contestant shared hopes to become this season’s champion, take home the $1million cash prize and the chance to showcase their talent as a headlining act in Las Vegas.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry Netflix doc slammed for Jubilee presence by Ferrari Despite being the final audition of the episode, 21-year-old saxophonist Avery Davis was able to completely wow judges, which propelled him to the live finals. Just before his performance, Avery revealed he decided to learn how to play the saxophone as a form of release after being the target of bullying. The contestant then disclosed he had been teased and called names for the long-lasting effect of being born prematurely. Dixon shared: “I was in such a dark place, I actually wanted to commit suicide.  “When you’re in that mindset, the only thing you wanna do is quit. … That’s when I started actually learning how to play (the saxophone).” He said that playing the instrument took him away from that dark mindset and gave him something to refocus his attention on. Speaking on his aspirations, Davis told the judges his goal was to relocate his family to a space where they could “live loudly”. After his soulful performance, the judges were brought to their feet, where the entire audience applauded him.  DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald fumes over filming interruption 'Punch their lights out' [INSIGHT]America's Got Talent star who was Simon's golden buzzer act dies [INSIGHT]America’s Got Talent forced to halt as daredevil ‘almost killed’ [INSIGHT] This included Terry Crews who was taken aback by Davis’ performance and story. As the judges began to vote, Crews burst on the stage and exclaimed “there's no need to vote,” as he hit the Golden Buzzer which sent Davis straight to California. Fans were also filled with emotion as they watched the 21-year-old compete for a chance to win the series. A teary, @Melissa22146857 stated: “Phenomenal, had me in tears and now them bullies can take that and see what you have for talent.”  She added: “You’re awesome keep us flying with your beautiful music.” A second fan @Shez2rare wrote: “Brought me to tears!!! Great talent young man!” @KristieCurrie praised Avery and stated: “This young man absolutely deserved the golden buzzer.” As @TracyPa31070866 tweeted: “This one right here hit home young man you did that and I have no respect for bullies! It was a joy seeing you receive the Golden Buzzer.” America’s Got Talent is available in the US on NBC. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 