Royal editor Robert Jobson tweeted that the young prince was on a “sugar high” during last Sunday’s Platinum Pageant, as his playfulness and face-pulling captured the world’s attention. Speaking on his podcast The Good, The Bad and The Rugby, the former rugby player laid bare plenty of behind-the-scenes snippets about what really went on in the royal box.  The 43-year-old said: “Louis, he was just wanting to have fun. And my two are always mischievous so it’s trying to keep a lid on. “There were a lot of sweets out back though, so there was a real sugar high.” He admitted it had been “tough” for the younger members of the family to keep still and quiet. He added: “They're all young… it's a long time. But as any parent knows you just do whatever needs to be done.”  The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s youngest child was pictured joking around, pretending to be a lion and sticking his tongue out at his ever patient mother, who attempted to keep him calm during the festivities. The sports player, who is married to Princess Anne’s daughter Zara Tindall, even playfully stared young Louis down as he acted up. However, the Tindalls undoubtedly had sympathy for the Cambridges, as they have three young children Mia, 8, Lena, 3 and Lucas, 1.  READ MORE: Most talked about royal following Jubilee weekend revealed While Zara and Mike Tindall are not official working royals, they are often seen at family events and significant milestones such as the Jubilee and royal weddings and funerals. Last weekend the couple attended the Trooping of the Colour, the thanksgiving service at St Paul’s, Epsom Derby, the Platinum Party and the Platinum Pageant. Mike’s antics led to him being branded the “cool, fun uncle” of the Firm by royal observers, as he was pictured joking around and wearing his wife’s fuchsia hat at Trooping the Colour.  DON'T MISS:Palace’s plan to ensure Netflix didn't get Meghan, Harry and Queen pic [REVEAL]Andrea Bocelli on Jubilee performance 'Milestone exceeded expectation' [ANALYSIS]Queen and Royal Family braced for heartbreaking Philip milestone [INSIGHT] He was also reportedly spotted chatting with Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, who flew over from California for the occasion. While it was unclear how the Sussexes would slot into the family, they kept a relatively low profile and even brought their young children Archie and Lilibet to see the Queen. It was the first time the 96-year-old monarch had met her great-granddaughter, who turned one last Saturday during the Jubilee. 