Mrs Hinch rose to fame on social media several years ago after she started to share unusual cleaning tips and tricks. Now, with millions of followers, fans of the guru share their own advice online, including how to brighten white clothing. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Ioana Milas wrote: “Can anyone help me? I did a load of whites recently but nothing is white anymore. “I’ve used everything, any chance to bring them back the way they were?” There are many reasons why white clothing may lose its brightness, including wearing them a lot, heat, or too much iron in the water supply. Luckily, there are lots of methods to try to brighten clothing items, including bedding. READ MORE: Cleaning: Paint roller hack leaves windows ‘sparkling in minutes’ Sharing tips in the comments, Amber Bilault wrote: “White vinegar and baking soda. “It works a treat. Turned a pink top white and looked brand new.” Jodie Brannan said: “White vinegar will get them back to whiter than white. I swear by it, and it’s cheap.” White vinegar can be used in laundry for many different reasons. DON'T MISS:Tomatoes: How to produce an ‘abundance’ of tasty fruit through summer [EXPERT]Lawn jobs to ‘avoid’ doing during a heatwave - ‘causes stress’ [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘brilliant’ hack to remove limescale from kettles [INSIGHT] It can help to whiten, brighten, reduce odour and soften clothes. All types of vinegar contain acetic acid that works to brighten laundry. This can also be used on bedding to help revive it if it is looking dull. Other group members recommended using Ace For Whites Laundry Bleach. Sasha Cute said: “I swear by Ace For Whites, it’s cheap too.” Ace For Whites claims to brighten dull whites while still being gentle on delicate fabrics. It can be picked up in the majority of supermarkets for around £2. What’s more, the company also sells a stain remover product. Mrs Hinch fans also recommended soaking the item of clothing in the sink along with some soda crystals. Like white vinegar, soda crystals can work in many different ways. This includes helping to remove stains, brightening whites and boosting the power of detergent. Hydrogen peroxide can also help to bring clothing and bedding back to life.