Boxing cult hero Eric ‘Butterbean’ Esch has had 91 professional boxing bouts and wants Jake Paul to be his 92nd. The American, now 55-years-old has been retired from the sport since 2013 but believes he is in the “best shape of his life” after starting personal training sessions with WWE Hall of Famer, Diamond Dallas Page. DDP has worked with former wrestlers Jake ‘The Snake’ Roberts and the late Scott Hall, to help both men kick alcoholism and get back on their feet. Now, a rejuvenated Esch is hoping he can return to the ring next year against the YouTube star. He said: “I’m working with DDP to get up walking and running around again and I’m feeling the best shape I ever have. I’m at fight weight. You’ll have to listen to my podcast coming up to find exactly how much weight I have lost, but I haven’t weighed this in over 20 years so that’ll give you an idea. "The big announcement is I’m going to fight one last fight. It’s going to be one year from now. Jake Paul, if you’re ready, I’m here for you my friend. Let’s get it on, me and you Jake Paul. I bet it would be an awesome fight. After you said what you said about me in the magazine, I’m ready to fight you. Are you ready? I don’t think so." MORE BOXING NEWS... Eddie Hearn confirms plans to pinch Floyd Mayweather fighter Fury 'would beat Ali' as Gypsy King tipped to be one of the best ever Joshua vs Dubois on the cards as Warren details fight plans Esch began his fighting career on the Toughman boxing circuit in the early 1990s where he received his iconic nickname ‘Butterbean’ after being forced to go on a restrictive diet of chicken and butterbeans in order to meet the Toughman 400-pound weight limit. Standing at 5 foot 11 and weighing in excess of 400-pounds, Esch became a popular name on the boxing scene due to his size and punching power. Over a 19-year period, he competed as a professional in boxing, MMA, and kickboxing racking up an incredible 126 fights in all three disciplines combined. The Atlanta native’s highlight of his boxing career came in 2002 when he went the distance with former lineal heavyweight champion Larry Holmes over ten rounds, in The Easton Assassin’s final fight. Esch’s potential future opponent, Paul, is 5-0 as a professional boxer with wins over former UFC fighters Ben Askren and Tyron Woodley. ‘The Problem Child’ made the switch to professional boxing after winning an exhibition bout against KSI’s brother Deji and has since taken the combat sports world by storm. Esch joins a long line of people that want to fight Paul including UFC Welterweight champion Kamaru Usman, ex-flyweight and bantamweight UFC champion Henry Cejudo, and Tyson Fury’s half-brother Tommy Fury.