Deborah James has died from bowel cancer at the age of 40 today. Tributes have flooded in for the late BBC broadcaster who spent her final days raising money for cancer charities in her generous final farewell gift. Hearing the news, celebrities and social media users alike rushed to the internet to share their condolences. Eamonn Holmes shared a picture from last week's Ascot where he and wife Ruth Langsford spoke to Deborah. He penned: "Bye Dame Deborah. This was just 2 weeks ago at Ascot. She told us then that she had been given just a week to live and had already out lasted that by 2 weeks. May you #RestinPeace." READ MORE: Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux Julia Bradbury, who underwent a mastectomy for breast cancer, said: "Heartbroken that Dame Deborah James has died. "She has been the most incredible ambassador of life & cancer campaigner. "My thoughts are with her family & children. Such a huge loss. Your bright light will shine on Deborah." Stacey Solomon wrote: "Thank you for everything you did Deborah. "What an incredible legacy you’ve left. Rest in peace Deborah." Davina McCall added: "Oh Deborah … thank you thank you for everything you have done … leaving such a huge legacy … Thank you for having such a positive impact on so many of us. "Thank you for making us look and re-examine our lives and for educating us all. "Thank you for raising all of that money for others … you were a total firecracker… you will be so missed . RIP x and so much love to your family and your beautiful kids x." (sic) DON'T MISS... Gary Lineker addresses ‘difficult’ issue working with Alex Scott [INSIGHT] Dame Deborah James has died following bowel cancer battle [DEATH] Andy Murray’s wife branded 'class act' for supporting Deborah James [PICS] In a statement shared to her Instagram page, it was confirmed that Deborah died peacefully today surrounded by her family. It read: "We are deeply saddened to announce the death of Dame Deborah James; the most amazing wife, daughter, sister, mummy. Deborah passed away peacefully today, surrounded by her family. "Deborah, who many of you will know as Bowelbabe, was an inspiration and we are incredibly proud of her and her work and commitment to charitable campaigning, fundraising and her endless efforts to raise awareness of cancer that touched so many lives. "Deborah shared her experience with the world to raise awareness, break down barriers, challenge taboos and change the conversation around cancer. Even in her most challenging moments, her determination to raise money and awareness was inspiring."