American First Lady Jill Biden is in Madrid ahead of the NATO summit, which she will attend alongside her husband, Joe Biden. Jill arrived in the Spanish capital earlier this week and has been undertaking various engagements with Letizia, the Spanish Queen. Today, Letizia and Jill visited the Centre for Attention, Reception, and Referral of Ukrainian refugees in Madrid. Both women looked elegant as they stepped out in the Spanish sun. Letizia opted for a white suit with a pale pink blouse, accessorising with silver dangling earrings. Meanwhile, Jill wore a navy blue floral dress. READ MORE: 10p hack to remove tea cup stains ‘in minutes’ with ‘no scrubbing’ Jill’s dress had short sleeves and a full, pleated skirt that reached her knees. It was adorned with green, blue, yellow, and red flowers. The First Lady completed the look with navy blue heels and accessorised with plenty of jewellery. Jill donned three gold bangles, one of which featured a bright blue stone.  She also wore a gold wristwatch and had a gold chain necklace around her neck. The 71-year-old completed her look with gold hoop earrings, lashings of mascara, and a slick of black eyeliner. Meanwhile, Letizia wore a slim-fitting white jacket with a pair of wide-leg white trousers. Underneath her jacket, the Spanish Queen donned a pale pink blouse with ruched detailing. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's 'incredibly flattering' fashion trick The 49-year-old accessorised with long dangling earrings and her signature gold oval-shaped ring. Letizia’s hair was combed back in a stylish updo, which was different to her usual style. She completed the look with a pair of pale pink chunky platform heels. Letizia is a fan of white, having worn many white dresses and suits in the past. It seems to be the colour of the season as other royal women have stepped out in white suits in recent days and weeks. Last week, the Duchess of Cambridge donned an Alexander McQueen white single-breasted jacket and matching high-waisted tailored trousers for the unveiling of the National Windrush monument in London. Kate seemed to be chanelling Meghan Markle who, in April this year, donned a similar white suit during the Invictus Games in The Hague. The Duchess of Sussex’s crisp jacket and matching trousers, which she accessorised with gold jewellery, were by Valentino.