Not Boris Johnson’s oven ready deal that turned out to be half baked but the country actually leaving the EU as one United Kingdom. The liberation of Northern Ireland from the EU’s malign grip. Sadly, I smell the same rat I did in 2019. At that time, I said the Prime Minister’s Brexit deal was worse than remaining in the EU. I said so, in significant part, because Northern Ireland would be left bereft. I was shouted down by Tories and even Brexit Party supporters. They believed the Prime Minister. He refused to accept the wording of his own deal would put a border down the Irish Sea. He sold it to the DUP. Even the self-anointed Tory bastion of Brexit, the ERG, endorsed it. Theresa May railed against the deal, but of course that had the effect of reinforcing Brexiteers belief in it. And on the back of that false promise to Get Brexit Done, Boris Johnson won a landslide victory. Wind the clock forward to 2022 and this seems to be playing out again. Mr Johnson promises the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill will unilaterally neuter the Protocol. The DUP is tentatively supporting the legislation. The ERG commissioned a less than independent “Star Chamber” of Tories to confirm the Prime Minister’s promise. They duly obliged – just as they did in 2019. And, bang on cue, Theresa May is railing against the legislation. So, the vast majority who have not read the Bill, could be forgiven for thinking the Government is at last taking necessary action; that the Bill is designed to bring Northern Ireland back into union with Great Britain. It does not. The Bill, in itself, makes no changes to the terms of the Protocol. All it does is empower ministers to pass regulations consistent with its terms. These regulations have not been put forward for scrutiny. They have not even been drafted. Before the Government drafts them it is going to conclude a process of consultation with businesses and other stakeholders in Northern Ireland. How long this might take is anyone’s guess. One thing can be known for sure, it will not be quick. Even once these regulations are drafted, assuming they ever are, if a variation to a past Act of Parliament is required, they must be laid before both Houses. In short, this Bill and its regulatory progeny will be stuck in Parliament for years.   This surely is the Prime Minister’s aim? To kick the can down the road as far as possible. Had the Prime Minister been in good faith with the Bill he would have done two things which are conspicuous by their absence. First, the necessary regulations to which I refer, would already have been drafted and encompassed within it. Second, he would have invoked Article 16 of the Protocol to suspend it while the Bill made its way through Parliament. Sure the EU may have challenged the validity of the invocation but it would have been invoked; the Protocol would have instantly been without effect. No, I am afraid I cannot but help conclude Johnson is up to his old tricks. The more the likes of Theresa May shriek about the breaching of international law, the more credence his trickery is given. I am also again being contacted by Tory Brexiteers telling me to pipe down. Just as in 2019, they are trusting Boris. Here is an interesting fact on which to end. Historically, the Star Chamber became synonymous with the misuse and abuse of power under King Charles I. 