Andy Murray has claimed that he will return to Wimbledon next year providing that he can physically compete at the highest level. The Brit suffered his earliest SW19 exit at the hands of American John Isner in the second round, going down 6-4 7-6 (7-4) 6-7 (3-7) 6-4 to the big-hitting 20th seed. It was the first time Murray has failed to reach the third round, and prompted questions at his post-match press conference about his future in the sport. “Well, yeah,” Murray said to reporters when asked if he wants to return to Wimbledon. “I mean, it depends on how I am physically, [if] physically I feel good, then we'll try to keep playing. “But it's extremely difficult with the problems I've had with my body in the last few years to make long-term predictions about how I'm going to be even in a few weeks, never mind in a year's time. “If physically I'm in a good place, yeah, I will continue to play. But it's not easy to keep my body in optimal condition to compete at the highest level.” This was not the first time Murray spoke about his future at the tournament, and hinted at retirement following his first-round victory over James Duckworth. MUST READ: 'It's a joke' - Emma Raducanu bites back after Wimbledon exit to Caroline Garcia "Obviously I'm getting on a bit now," he said. "So I don't know how many more opportunities I'll get to play on this court so I want to make the most of every time I get to come out here. Hopefully I'll get another match on here in a couple of days." At the Australian Open, the two-time Wimbledon champion did admit that if his performances at Grand Slams didn’t improve then he would consider retiring from the game. However, if he did decide to hang up his racket, Pam Shriver has said that he could have a place in the sport as a commissioner. DON'T MISS Wimbledon Day Two: Nadal's Royal Box snub, Kyrgios' 90-year-old dig, Williams duo outdone Harmony Tan's doubles partner livid with Wimbledon withdrawal after Serena Williams win Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic receive Wimbledon boost as No 3 seed falls in second round  "He could be a future commissioner of tennis," the doubles expert told Stats Perform. "He has that kind of respect, I think. If he wanted to be a leader when he's finished, he could be a very influential [one]. "I think Andy Murray will be known for his upstanding core values of equality. I know he's well respected in every female locker room on the planet. I think the influence of his mom being his coach and such an influential figure in his life [has shaped him]. He's just very popular, I think, in both [the] men's and women's locker rooms." After Isner defeated Murray on Centre Court, the American was gracious in victory. “It’s no secret that I am not a better tennis player than Andy Murray, but I may have been a little bit better today,” Isner said to the Wimbledon crowd. “This was one of the biggest wins of my career.”