Vladimir Putin’s puppets discussed the potential effects the January 6 Committee hearings could have on the US electorate and how it could undermine Republicans ahead of the 2022 midterm elections. State Duma member Andrei Gurulyov claimed that the midterms elections will have a direct impact on the funding of Ukraine's resistance against Russia's invasion. Should Republicans win the election, they claim the US Congress will stop financing Ukraine. Another propagandist in its report highlights how Democrats are choosing “prime time” to cast Republicans in a bad light among American voters in a bid to win over voters.  State TV channel Russia1’s Washington correspondent Denis Davydov reported from Washington: "Hearings in prime time are a real show, organised by Trump’s enemies from the January 6 Commission. "The hearing starts at 8 pm and continues live for two hours, to ensure that the investigation against Trump is watched by as many viewers as possible. In the case of the storming of the Capitol, almost 1,000 participants have been charged. Many of them have been convicted. "The main culprit, according to the Democrats, Donald Trump. He is yet to be punished. That’s why the show must go on."   After watching the report, State TV host Vladimir Solovyov said: "What’s happening in America, the criminal prosecution of Trump and his followers is a step towards dictatorship." Political scientist Dmitry Evstafiev jumped in, commenting: "We're watching what’s going on in the US in an apparent escalation of political strife. "Once again, they’re trying to put Trump in prison." "Congressional elections can directly influence the processes that are currently unfolding in Ukraine", Russia’s Duma member Andrei Gurulyov said. READ MORE: Russia is building TWO new ‘Doomsday’ planes Political scientist Dmitry Abzalov added: "The most important issue that we need to understand is the electoral events that are happening. "The internal political component is very significant. The most important political events on our political calendar are local elections in Great Britain and a difficult situation in July and August since the midterms in the US actually start during the summer months. "Every single Thursday, they’ll be lynching Trump in prime time. Every Thursday evening, starting at 7 or 8 pm, there will be public hearings." The Russian propagandists' remarks come as Russian forces appear to be gaining ground in the eastern Ukrainian city of Severodonetsk, as a Ukrainian official says Russian forces are now cutting off the last city’s routes for evacuating citizens. Regional governor Sergei Gaidai said that 70 percent of the city was now under Russian occupation. DON'T MISS:Putin's plot to use horror chemical weapon on Ukrainians [REPORT]Ukraine LIVE: Putin ally warns 'horsemen of apocalypse on way'  [REPORT]Zelensky's heroes shoot down elite fighter jet [REPORT] As Ukrainian forces struggle to hold the line, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has called on the international community to urgently send more heavy weapons to defend Severodonetsk, which could be decisive in the outcome of the war. In his nightly address on Monday, President Zelensky said: "The battle in Donbas will surely go down in military history as one of the most brutal battles in Europe and for Europe", stressing that "tactically, they still beat the Russian military." However, he also warned: "We draw the attention of our partners daily to the fact that only a sufficient number of modern artillery for Ukraine will ensure our advantage."