In a tweet this morning, West Midlands Fire Service said that a woman was found dead at the scene last night. The service added that their "thoughts and sympathies are with everyone affected." Meanwhile a man remains in a "life-threatening" condition after the blast which destroyed a house in Kingstanding. A spokesperson from Cadent Gas said its personnel were at the site. "Our teams are on-site at the incident in Kingstanding, assisting the multi-agency response as the gas emergency service for the West Midlands". "It's too early to speculate on the cause. Our thoughts are with everyone impacted". "If ever anyone smells gas, nearby or anywhere, it is important to act immediately and ring the national gas emergency service on 0800 111 999." Rick Payne, a city councillor for the ward, heard a "massive explosion" while watching television shortly after 8.30pm, and walked across to Dulwich Road to see what had happened. He said: "I recognised that as probably most likely to be a gas explosion" "The police are just saying that there's quite a lot of houses damaged as a result - probably up to five or six houses. "The house itself, where the explosion occurred, has physically been destroyed. Houses either side have, partially. Then the houses further along the street have been damaged collaterally from the blast." Last night, West Midlands Police said in a statement posted on social media that there are reports of casualties, but the number of people is as yet unknown as is the severity of their injuries. Police officers, paramedics and firefighters as well as utility companies workers are that the scene of the explosion in Dulwich Road, Kingstanding, Birmingham. The force's statement added: "One house is destroyed with others significantly damaged. Cars have also been damaged." According to local reports, the sound of the explosion could be heard for miles. West Midlands Police said people are in the process of being evacuated and have been told to immediately follow first responders' instructions. Dulwich Road and surrounding routes have been closed and will be for a very long time, according to the force. Members of the public have been urged to avoid the area.  Neighbouring properties also appear to have damaged roofs and brickwork. Members of the public shared their shock on social media with Twitter user Cara commenting: "The house explosion in Kingstanding is literally the worst thing I’ve ever felt or heard in my life." West Midlands Ambulance Service tweeted: "We are currently dealing with a significant incident in Dulwich Road in the Kingstanding area of Birmingham. A large number of ambulances resources are at the scene along with West Midlands Fire Service and West Midlands Police. "The public are asked to keep away from the area to allow us to work." READ MORE ABOUT PRINCE HARRY NOT LEARNING FROM EDWARD AND WALLIS'S EXILE West Midlands Fire Service said in a statement: "At 8.38pm fire crews responded to multiple reports of an explosion on Dulwich Lane, Kingstanding. "The explosion, the cause of which is unknown at this time, has destroyed one property and caused damage to other properties and vehicles nearby." The Service said: "We are working hard with colleagues from West Midlands Police, West Midlands Ambulance, Cadent Gas and National Grid to manage this incident." Speaking at the scene on Sunday, WMFS area commander Steve Ball said: "Around 8.30pm this evening we were called to a gas explosion in a house. "On arrival, it was quite a challenging scene, where one house had been completely destroyed, and three neighbouring properties had also been quite badly affected. "One man had already been rescued, prior to our arrival, and he's been taken care of by West Midlands Ambulance Service. "He's got life-threatening injuries and he's gone to the Queen Elizabeth Hospital (Birmingham). "On scene at the moment we've got six appliances, we've got our technical rescue teams and we've also got our fire dog here." DON'T MISS G7 Summit LIVE: Gloating Macron red-faced as Boris shuts down EU plan Even most LABOUR voters want ‘boring’ Starmer to quit Truss braces for war with Brexit-bashing MPs in major Commons vote West Midlands Ambulance Service has since released a statement which confirmed one man is suffering from life-threatening injuries following the explosion. The Ambulance Service was called at 8:40pm when “three ambulances, five paramedic officers, the Hazardous Area Response Team (HART), the MERIT trauma doctor and critical care paramedic, West Midlands CARE team, and an emergency planner were sent to the scene". A spokesperson from West Midlands Ambulance Service said: “One property has been completely destroyed with three others badly damaged. Cars have also been damaged. “A man was helped from the property by people at the scene but has suffered very serious injuries. “After assessment and treatment at the scene, he was taken on blue lights to the major trauma centre at Queen Elizabeth Hospital Birmingham with the MERIT team travelling with the ambulance. “His condition on arrival at the hospital was described as life-threatening.” Four other men suffered more minor injuries and were discharged by paramedics. The spokesperson added: “Four further men have been assessed by ambulance crews for minor conditions but have been discharged at the scene. “Members of the Hazardous Area Response Team continue to work with specialist firefighters at the scene.