FIA president Mohammed ben Sulayem has hit back in his argument over jewellery with Lewis Hamilton by stating he ‘didn’t write’ the rules. The Mercedes’ driver has been embroiled in a tense stand-off with the FIA since they decided to clamp down on pre-existing jewellery laws before the Miami Grand Prix on safety grounds. The seven-time world champion was the most vocal critic of the move and was even prepared to sit races out rather than remove some of his precious metals. He was initially given a two-race exemption from complying with the rules to cover the Miami and Spanish Grands Prix, however this was extended to the end of June in the build-up to the Monaco GP. Ben Sulayem has faced most of the ire in his role as president of the sport’s governing body. In an interview with GrandPrix247, he tried to defend himself stating he was only applying the rules and was not imposing his own views onto the drivers. “I am from an Arabian culture,” he explained. “I am international and Muslim. I do not impose my beliefs on other people? No way! Never. If you look at my operation in the UAE: 16 nationalities! Name me one federation that has that many nationalities. “On top, there are over 34% women and 7 religions and even more Christians than Muslims. I am proud because it creates credibility and merit,” he added. “But do I go and pose my beliefs? No. The rules are there, even now there are issues when it comes to – for example- jewellery, I didn’t write that.” Formula One drivers have become more politically active in the last few years, with stars using their platforms in order to push for societal change. Hamilton has become one of the sport’s leading voices for equality while Sebastien Vettel has pushed for improvements for LGBTQ+ people and for environmental change, even appearing on Question Time to discuss the issue. Ben Sulayem sees this as a driver’s right, with it being a striking change to how some of F1s most famous stars used to operate. “Niki Lauda and Alain Prost only cared about driving,” he said. “Now, Vettel drives a rainbow bicycle, Lewis is passionate about human rights and Norris addresses mental health. Everybody has the right to think. To me, it is about deciding whether we should impose our beliefs on something over the sport all the time.”