Omari Hardwick was the leading man in the original Power drama on Starz. Portraying the charming, yet often ruthless, James "Ghost" St Patrick, Hardwick was the star of the crime series which launched the rest of the franchise which will have four spin-offs in total. Hardwick has recently opened up about his time on Power and revealed exactly how much he was paid at the time. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Power.Ghost was the face of Starz's crime drama Power for all six seasons, before it came to an end in early 2020. He had made himself a countless number of enemies over the years through his drug business as well as in his personal life. Without Hardwick and Power, the other spin-off shows, Book II: Ghost, Book III: Raising Kanan and Book IV: Force, wouldn't exist. This isn't the end yet either as another series is on the way in the shape of Power Book V: Influence, telling the story of Councilman Rashad Tate (played by Larenz Tate). READ MORE: Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in for Gloria Hunniford Actor Hardwick opened up on The Pivot Podcast about his experience on Power as Ghost. He revealed during his time on the show, he was earning $150,000 per episode, an amount which he didn't think measure up as the lead of the hit Starz series. “I still haven’t made what I should have made", Hardwick stated. "I still never made the money—no, the money, I never made what I should have made. Never. Period. It’s happening now, finally.” The 48-year-old went on to explain that executive producer 50 Cent lent him around $20,000 after both the first and second seasons of Power. Hardwick has since been able to pay back the loans as his career has continued to thrive. He said: "It was absolutely given in a way of, like, you know take care of the family bro, use that. “I think he forever just really really respects the s**t out of me for that, we just not taught that in our community. "Barely do we pay anybody back. So once we’re hit up for money, and I am financially obviously stable at this point, once we’re hit up for money we don’t expect it back...So for me to give it back to 50 [Cent] with interest, I was just so proud to be able to do that. And it was early!" DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Tracy Barlow kills again in Ken Barlow twist [THEORY]Outlander’s Sam Heughan gives rare insight into childhood in Scotland [CAST]Outlander’s Claire Fraser star opens up on preparing for season 7  [EXPLAINER] Since leaving his days at Power behind, Hardwick has been busy working on several other projects. He starred in the horror movie Spells in 2020, the podcast series short Bronzeville, That Damn Michael Che and Army of the Dead. Hardwick also played Gordon Oliver in the popular Netflix drama Pieces of Her with actress Toni Collette. In terms of what's to come, according to his IMDb page, he will be in The Mothership, Phels High, Fantasy Football and D Is For Detroit. Power Book II has been confirmed for a third season, whereas Book III's Raising Kanan has been given the green light for a second outing. Book IV's Influence has also been renewed for another series which is expected to start in February 2023. There is no official return date for Book II's next season but Raising Kanan will be returning on Sunday, August 14. The Power franchise is available to watch on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.