During the hotter summer months, often Britons open their windows to let in some fresh air - but this could also let in flies into properties. Flies manage to get inside for a number of reasons, but most enter to feed on rubbish, ripe fruit and veg or moisture. There are different types of flies - but all can be pests if they get inside. Common house flies are attracted to decaying organic filth such as rotting meat, whereas fruit flies look for sugary substances and feed more commonly on overripe fruit, spilt fizzy drinks and alcohol. TikTok user @ceithgriffith shared a video titled: “How to get rid of flies”. Ceith said: “I’ve been getting this question a lot so I’m going to show you the best way to get rid of flies inside your house, on your porch and wherever you’ve got flies. “I’m going to show you a guaranteed way to kill them.” For this hack you’ll need a plastic water bottle, sugar, honey and water. READ MORE: Protect gardens from slugs using 14p ‘homemade spray’ - ‘so effective’ The TikTok user instructed: “Get a plastic bottle, any plastic bottle will work and cut the top off. “The add four tablespoons of sugar into the plastic bottle. “Then add one tablespoon of honey to the bottle.” To finish add three ounces of water to the solution and mix the ingredients together. DON'T MISS: ‘Virtually impossible to kill’ houseplants - can ‘forget about’ them [EXPERT]Alan Titchmarsh shares how to ‘transform’ roses - keeps them ‘alive’ [TIPS]Gardening tips: Use eggshell trick as ‘fantastic fertiliser’ to plants [INSIGHT] Ceith added: “Then place the top half of the bottle upside-down on the bottom half of the bottle.” “Just to show you guys that it works, in a matter of five minutes, there’s already several flies that it caught.” The TikToker showed his viewers the dead flies floating around in the mixture just minutes after testing out this hack. The mix can be left inside the house or on a surface in the garden or outside area. READ MORE: ‘Very effective’ smells to repel mice from homes for ‘optimal results’ This is a great natural way to get rid of all types of flies without using chemicals. What’s more, it’s a cheap solution as sugar can be purchased from Asda for 55p. Flies smell the bait and fly into the bottle to get to it - either to lay eggs or to feed. Once inside, they are easily trapped as they fly down the neck of the bottle. The pests will become trapped because they can't navigate back up the narrow opening or they will be unable to fly if their wings get wet. Another effective hack to deter flies is placing water and a few coins in a sandwich bag. All people need is a sealable bag, water and a few coins. Fill the clear bag halfway with water, add five or six coins to the bag, squeeze the excess air and close the seal. Ideally, the bag should be placed by a window.