Kate Bliss has been a crucial member of the Bargain Hunt team for several years and shows no signs of stepping away from the BBC daytime series anytime soon. The expert, who specialises in jewellery and silver, is always ready to give her top tips to the red and blue teams when it comes to getting the best deals for their money. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about Bargain Hunt's Kate Bliss. Kate Bliss' dad owned his own valuation and auction business which she spent a lot of time in when she was a child. She went on to work for her dad years later before joining Brightwells Auctioneers and Valuers, an auction house in Leominster, Herefordshire. While the Bargain Hunt star has stayed local, she now has her own Antique valuation company which is simply entitled Kate Bliss Ltd. Of course, when she isn't at her business, Kate is starring in Bargain Hunt, and making occasional appearances on sister shows Flog It! and Antiques Road Trip. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: viewers left in tears after ‘emotional’ audition Bargain Hunt star Kate Bliss tends to not share many personal details regarding her life away from the cameras. She was born in 1975, although her exact birth date isn't known, so Kate is currently either 46 or 47 years old. Kate is married to husband Jonathan Bliss with whom she tied the knot back in 2005. The couple is believed to have met while Kate was working at the Brightwells auction house as Jonathan was a senior partner there at the time. Kate and Jonathan now have two children together, daughter Lily and son Benjamin. The Bargain Hunt star does have social media but she rarely posts on Twitter with just a single Instagram of a beach from 2019. So it's safe to say Kate isn't someone to share any of the intimate details of her life. Kate did, however, reveal that it was by chance that she joined the iconic BBC series. DON'T MISS...Eamonn Holmes slams label of 'British' players 'Raducanu's English!'  [REACTION]Bargain Hunt’s Danny Sebastian made huge loss after 'going for a brew' [EXPLAINER]Bargain Hunt: When did Caroline Hawley join Bargain Hunt? [CAST] She explained on her website: "My television career started quite by chance. "During the filming of a Bargain Hunt episode at the saleroom where I was auctioneering, I was approached by the production team. "Fifteen amazing years later, I am still excited to be a part of this super programme." Once again, Kate will be returning for another exciting episode of the antique series on BBC One. The synopsis for the latest Bargain Hunt episode reads: "Today, the show comes from the Newark Runway Antiques and Collectors Fair. "Charlie Ross leads the way, joined by experts Ben Cooper and Kate Bliss. "The reds and blues fly around the runway hoping to bag themselves a bargain and make a profit at auction. "Meanwhile, Charlie visits Newark Air Museum to learn about the Royal Observer Corps." Bargain Hunt airs weekdays at 12.15pm on BBC One.