Olympic medallist Lord Sebastian Coe claimed the Queen was "absolutely essential" in ensuring London would be selected to host the games over Paris and London. Lord Coe said Her Majesty welcomed the select committee to Buckingham Palace, putting in an unplanned balcony appearance just for them. Speaking to BBC One, the peer said: "Around the Olympics, she was absolutely essential as was the Princess Royal. "In fact, she hosted a big moment, really, when some of the selection panel came through the city. "She hosted them at Buckingham Palace on a Friday night, and even appeared on the balcony and waved them goodbye. "It sort of put Paris and Madrid in its place." He added: "She absolutely knows her power." JUST IN: SHAME on them: EU chiefs IGNORE Queen's Platinum Jubilee in bitter 'diplomatic snub' Lord Coe suggested the Queen's clear interest in learning about the people she is meeting plays a key role in her job. He continued: "She's genuinely interested in people, and you're not sitting there sort of humming and hawing. "She also has a bandwidth of experience and interested, and, clearly, makes an effort to understand who she's talking to. "That makes life very much easier because the conversation flows." READ MORE: Gold State Coach unveiled! Queen's 12ft fairytale carriage in first appearance for DECADES Lord Coe's comments came minutes ahead of the start of the People's Pageant marking the last day of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Pageant Master Adrian Evans spent 18 months planning the £15 million event, featuring some 10,000 people including a cast of 6,000 performers. Mr Evans told BBC News: "I hope at the end of the day people will feel a great sense of pride in what they've seen, enjoyment in what they've seen, humour and joy is an important part of what we're doing today but also connected, that we are much more connected then we think we are." The ambitious pageant is split into four acts: For Queen And Country with a military parade; The Time Of Our Lives progressing through seven decades of culture, music, and fashion; Let's Celebrate telling the story of the Queen's life in 12 chapters with corgi puppets and carnival creations; and the Happy And Glorious musical spectacle. DON'T MISS... Diversity steal the show at Platinum Party at the Palace [REVIEW]Duchess Kate gets in to party spirit as she sings along  [PHOTOS]Prince George in stitches with his dad William as he attends concert [VIDEO] The Gold State Coach, featuring archive footage of the Queen projected onto the windows, led the parade of military units and it seemed as if the monarch was sat in the carriage. Mr Evans added: "I hope it will be a great day, everyone's very excited and it's palpitating how excited everybody is today. "It's about participation. "What I wanted to do first and foremost was provide an opportunity for people to express themselves in their own wonderful, idiosyncratic, quirky way and that to the iconic streets around Buckingham Palace."