Liverpool and Manchester City have reportedly already made 'discreet enquiries' for Mason Mount, who is also being targeted by Manchester United. The trio are all keeping tabs on Mount, who has seen talks over a new deal at Chelsea stall as a result of the club's recent takeover saga. Mount - who was recently crowned as the Blues' player of the year for the second consecutive season - still has two years to run on his current deal but is being courted by a host of Chelsea's Premier League rivals. And according to a new report from The Sun, Manchester United's interest has already been 'registered' with the 23-year-old's camp. Liverpool and Manchester City have also opened dialogue over a potential move for Mount, who the report claims is still one of the Londoner's lowest-paid players on £88,000-a-week. Mount first caught the eye of Manchester United's new manager, Erik ten Hag, during his impressive loan stint in Holland with Vitesse Arnhem as a teenager. The Dutchman has kept a keen eye on Mount's progress ever since and would 'jump at the opportunity' to bring the midfielder to Old Trafford if it were to arise. READ MORE: Tottenham could beat Man Utd to Valencia starlet thanks to Bryan Gil Mount has evolved into one of Chelsea's most important players over the past 18 months and nobody in a Blues shirt has bettered the tally of 13 goals and 16 assists that the midfielder racked up for the European champions this season. New Blues owner Todd Boehly - whose takeover deal was finally rubber-stamped this week - is keen to tie Mount down to a bumper new deal at the club to bring the homegrown star in line with the clubs top earners. However, the immediate priority for Boehly and Chelsea chief Thomas Tuchel is to resolve the club's impending defensive crisis - which could open the door for one of Chelsea's Premier League rivals to lure Mount away from west London. DON'T MISS...Everton star Richarlison reveals transfer talk with Frank LampardLiverpool icon hits back at Richarlison after Everton star's wind-upRicharlison brutally trolls Liverpool after Champions League defeat Barcelona are another team who are said to be monitoring Mount's situation, and it's expected that other top European clubs will begin to circle if Chelsea fail to tie down one of their top stars to a new long-term deal. Despite the ongoing speculation over his future, Mount was one of the first Chelsea stars to speak out after Boehly's deal was officially given the green light this week and expressed his excitement at what the future could hold for the club under it's new owners. He told Sky Sports: “It’s an exciting time now with the owners being confirmed today, going forward it’s going to be exciting and obviously the era under Roman has been brilliant. We look forward now and it’s exciting stuff, can’t wait to get back to it.”