UPDATE: The Le Mans 24 Hours is about to start soon, with Toyota looking to clinch another win at the world famous endurance race. If you want to tune in and watch all the action online then you can find out how to access a Le Mans 24 Hours live stream below. And in case you're wondering here is the top five for the race... 1. Toyota (Buemi, Hartley, Hirakawa) 2. Toyota (Conway, Kobayashi, Lopez) 3. Alpine (Negrao, Lapierre, Vaxiviere) 4. Glickenhaus (Briscoe, Westbrook, Mailleux) 5. Glickenhaus (Pla Dumas, Derani) ORIGINAL: The Le Mans 24 Hours endurance race is starting today, with Toyota bidding for yet another win at the 2022 event. Eurosport will be broadcasting every minute of the world famous race at the Circuit de la Sarthe exclusively. If you don't have access to Eurosport on your TV then you can subscribe to Discovery+, which is available as a Prime Video channel and offers access to both Eurosport One and Eurosport Two. If you've tuned into Le Mans before then you will be getting a sense of deja vu looking at the starting grid. Toyota once again are the favourites after ending qualifying with a one-two. The number eight car driven by Brendon Hartley, Sebastien Buemi and Ryo Hirakawa secured a sixth pole in a row for Toyota at Le Mans. In second place is the number seven Toyota of Mike Conway, Kamui Kobayashi and Jose Maria Lopez. This trio of drivers won last year's Le Mans, with their team mates finishing in second place. The top five for this year's Le Mans is rounded out by the sole Alpine hypercar, followed by the two Glickenhaus. While Toyota have long dominated Le Mans, next year's race could be a whole different story. New rule changes and additional manufacturers could see Toyota's supremacy challenged by the likes of Ferrari, Peugeot and Cadillac. If you want to tune in to the Le Mans 24 Hours race then you will need access to Eurosport, who are the exclusive broadcaster in the UK. Eurosport is bundled in with Sky, Virgin Media and BT TV packages so you may have access to the channels showing the race without realising it. Build-up stars at 2pm ahead of the race starting at 3pm. If not, you can subscribe to Discovery+ which bundles in access to Eurosport and is available as a Prime Video channel. A Discovery+ subscription is priced at £6.99 per month, and you will also need access to Prime Video or Amazon Prime if you want to sign-up to this add-on channel. Thankfully, if you're not already a Prime Video subscriber then you can sign-up to a free 30 day trial for the service. You'll then need to pay £6.99 to have Discovery+ access for the month. Besides having access to this weekend's Le Mans, signing up to Discovery+ will let you watch Discovery Originals such as the Faking It documentaries as well as other popular Discovery programming on-demand like Dr Pimple Popper, Deadliest Catch, American Monster and much more.