Erling Haaland's hopes of winning the Golden Boot in his first season in the Premier League have been dismissed out of hand by a five-time title winner. Instead Cristiano Ronaldo is being backed to teach Manchester City’s “young pup” that there is life in the “old dog” yet. Mikael Silvestre won the Premier League five times between 1999 and 2008 and was a team-mate of Ronaldo’s when he first broke through in the Premier League as a teenager. As a Manchester United player, he has heard all the noise from across the city about the latest Etihad recruit, signed from Borussia Dortmund for £51.2m. The 21-year-old scored 61 goals in just 67 Bundesliga games in Germany and is the initial 4-1 favourite to win the Golden Boot in his debut season. With Haaland also benefiting from a complete break while the World Cup is on following Norway’s failure to qualify, certainly circumstances seem to be stacking up in his favour. JUST IN: Leeds 'line up £25m Kalvin Phillips replacement' in Man City move hint Silvestre, though, is having none of it. Last season’s award was shared between Mo Salah and Heung-Min Son with 23 goals apiece - but tucked in behind them on 18 was Ronaldo. And as Silvester pointed out, this was during a season of turmoil at Old Trafford with a change of managers as the club once again missed out on Champions League football. Silvestre said: “Haaland to win the Golden Boot? I would rather see Cristiano win it. He was not far off last season with a dysfunctional team so if United works this season, why not? Teach the young pup there is life in the old dog! DON'T MISS...Pogba ‘points finger at Mourinho’ as more Man Utd details emergeMan Utd and five more clubs who need signings after learning fixturesNeville 'worried' by Man Utd's De Jong saga and wants deals 'ASAP' “With Harry Kane and Mo Salah we have the best strikers in the Premier League so whoever wins it will deserve it.” Despite his long association with Manchester United, however, the France international defender cannot deny that he thinks that City will be title winners once again. “I hope not Manchester City, but they have added Haaland to that squad and the disappointment of not going forward with the Champions League will still be there so they will still be hungry for more,” he said. “The League is quite special, because it is a long, long, long season, and I think they will be there. Second is Liverpool. Outside of them it is just if Chelsea can get into the race - or United or even Arsenal and Tottenham, because they finished strong.” Mikaël Silvestre was speaking at the launch of SPITCH’s all new Season Mode. SPITCH is a fantasy football app where you compete against other participating managers for the chance to win cash prizes. Sign up and earn £5 in credit here: https://api.spitch.live/libero/affiliate-partner/ATVBP. 18+ only. 