The Last Kingdom continues to be a Netflix hit and the final season included some breakout stars. Eliza Butterworth left fans in awe as her character Aelswith became one of the heroes. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the TV star's latest work. The Last Kingdom season five saw Lady Aelswith leave the safety of her kingdom to protect her family. After her daughter Aethelflaed (Millie Brady) died, she made it her mission to take care of her grandaughter Aelfwynn (Phia Saban). She made her first kill on screen and even learned to appreciate Uhtred's (Alexander Dreymon) support. Fans were heartbroken to discover she will not be a part of the upcoming follow-up film, Seven Kings Must Die. Butterworth announced that due to film schedule conflicts, she was unable to commit to the Netflix movie. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom and Vikings defended by expert over 'inaccuracy' The star has just finished filming for her upcoming series, A Town Called Malice on Sky Max. The crime drama is scheduled to air in 2023 and it is set in 1980s Costa del Sol. Butterworth plays a character called Carly Lord in the new eight-part series. The actress is on Instagram and she paid tribute to her co-stars as filming came to an end. She posted a photo of herself with the rest of the cast. The star said: "And that’s a wraaaaapppp on the first season of A TOWN CALLED MALICE. "What an absolutely mindblowing adventure with these freaking icons!!!! "We spent 5 magnificent months together filming in Tenerife and it was utterly magical. "This is a very special group of people indeed and I love them so much!! "We can’t wait for you to see the show coming out on SKY!!! Bring on the 80’s! Bring on the chaos! Bring on The Lords!" [Sic] DON'T MISS... What languages does Alexander Dreymon from The Last Kingdom speak? [INSIGHT] Alexander Dreymon nationality: Where is The Last Kingdom star from? [EXPLAINER] Where does Eliza Butterworth from The Last Kingdom live now? [INSIGHT] Butterworth has been living in Tenerife since early February 2022 whilst filming was taking place. She has loved her time there but is due to return home now that filming has wrapped. The star said on Instagram she would be leaving at "the end of June". She was excited to recently take part in the Nevastalgia online comic con event for The Last Kingdom this month. It seems the memory of Aelswith will always be with her. Her The Last Kingdom co-star Brady congratulated her on her latest venture. She said: "You’re a f*****g dreeeeeamboat also @mollyemmarowe has absolutely knocked it out the park." Fan dstnyall added: "You are fabulous in all that you do, Eliza. "Shhhhh gotta say it feels like you are cheating on TLK!!! Haha." [Sic] Whilst Eliza has been away, her co-star Dreymon said production has finished on Seven Kings Must Die, but no release date has been given.  The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are on Netflix now and filming has finished on Seven Kings Must Die. A Town Called Malice will air on Sky Max and NOW in 2023.