The Money Saving Expert founder took to Twitter today after the Bank of England increased interest rates from one percent to 1.25 percent. Interest rates are now at their highest level in 13 years. Financial journalist Martin Lewis has said Britons need to brace themselves because it looks like there are more interest rate rises to come. Mr Lewis said three Bank of England committee members actually wanted to raise interest rates to 1.5 percent earlier today. On Twitter, he wrote: “The @bankofengland Monetary Policy Committee voted six to three in favour of raising rates to 1.25 percent. “The other three voted to raise it more, to 1.5 percent. That's a strong sign we're far from the end of rate rises.” READ MORE: State pension: DWP calls on pensioners to apply for Pension Credit At the same time the Bank of England also said inflation is likely to surpass 11 percent later in the year. This is worrying news for millions of people who are already struggling to meet rising prices and pay soaring energy bills. It’s also a concern for anyone with a mortgage as many could see rates rise if they are on a variable rate. Danielle Richardson, Content Editor of Which? Money, said: "This base rate increase will have an impact on mortgage holders and savers, at a time when money is tight for millions of households.” DON'T MISS'Strong impact on savers!' Bank of England raises interest rates [ALERT]State pension could be slashed long term due to a key July change [WARNING]Martin Lewis shares the 'best thing' to do with inheritance money [INSIGHT]   She continued: “Mortgage borrowers on fixed deals won't see any change to repayments, but those on a tracker or variable rate mortgage could see their rates increase. "Borrowers on standard variable rate mortgages will also be vulnerable to future rate rises, so now could be a good time to consider switching to a fixed deal with more competitive rates. "Interest rates for savers have been going up recently, albeit from record lows, but there is no guarantee that your provider will pass on the latest increase. “Consider taking the time to research the market if you're looking for the most competitive deals." Meanwhile, Laith Khalaf, head of investment analysis at AJ Bell said the Government is giving with one hand and taking with another. “The Treasury and the Bank of England are effectively playing a the role of good cop, bad cop with UK consumers. “On the one hand, the Chancellor is giving away billions of pounds in helicopter money to help ease the cost of living crisis, while at the same time the Bank of England is cranking up the pressure on household finances by increasing borrowing costs. “Consumers probably won’t be best pleased to find that some of the fiscal giveaways they have been handed by the Chancellor are going to be gobbled up by higher interest rates.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea However, he added that the Bank of England didn’t have much choice given the current situation. He said: “But if the Bank had failed to take any action, the pound would have come under further pressure, which adds to the cost of living crisis by pushing up the price of commodities priced in dollars, especially fuel. “It would also increase the chance that inflation becomes embedded in the system and lasts for longer. “Unfortunately, the mechanism by which tighter monetary policy works is very much a stick rather than a carrot, and that means inflicting considerable pain on consumers and businesses, who are already watching their costs escalating at a frightening pace.” 