The sixth season of Riverdale has taken the CW series in some even more baffling directions, and there is still one more outing left to go before the story of Archie Andrews (played by KJ Apa) and his friends comes to an end. However, fans were left disappointed on Sunday when it was confirmed the next episode won’t be coming to screens until the end of June. The latest promo for Riverdale season six confirms the next episode won’t air until Sunday, June 26. The next episode will then be available for international viewers to watch on Netflix the following Monday. The delay to Riverdale's usual weekly release schedule is the latest in a number of hiatuses this season. Following last week’s traditional musical episode, American Psychos, Archie, Betty Cooper (Lili Reinhart) and the usual suspects are gearing up for another supernatural caper. READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series Episode 18, Biblical, will pit the Riverdale gang against another threat from the town’s sinister newcomer, Percival Pickens (Chris O'Shea). An official synopsis reads: “As the gang plan an event celebrating two of their own, strange biblical plaques around town threaten to put a damper on the special day.” A thrilling new teaser checks in with the likes of Archie, Betty, Veronica Lodge (Camila Mendes), Jughead Jones (Cole Sprouse) and Tabitha Tate (Erinn Westbrook). Betty warns in the new trailer: “It’s another plague. Rivers running red, and flies, and frogs.” After an action-packed sizzle reel, Tabitha exclaims: “We are fighting for the future.” In recent years, Riverdale has taken some surprising new directions, and season six has been no different. After a whirlwind journey through time, Tabitha discovered Percival is actually the embodiment of evil, and the fight to save Riverdale is actually a fight to save the world. So far, Percival has been at least one step ahead at every turn, so Archie and his friends will have their work cut out when the final showdown airs at the end of June. DON'T MISS:Squid Game season 2: Netflix fans blast renewal decision [REACTION]Yellowstone tributes pour in as season 4 star dies [LATEST]Richard Madeley rages as Prince Andrew eyes return [VIDEO] Sadly, the young adult drama will be keeping fans waiting for the time being, as there is no new episode scheduled for this Sunday. The shake-up follows a trend of midseason breaks this year, as the musical episode American Psychos aired two weeks after the previous chapter, Blue Collar. Season six also began with a major change to the usual proceedings, as the first five episodes running up to the series’ milestone episode 100 began back in November. Riverdale then took a massive three-month pause before returning for the rest of season six on March 20. With six increasingly chaotic seasons of the series in the tank, the CW confirmed Riverdale would conclude with its seventh, beginning early next year. CW Chairman and CEO Mark Pedowitz told TVLine: “I am a big believer in attempting to give series that have had long runs an appropriate sendoff. “We had a long conversation with [executive producer] Roberto [Aguirre-Sacasa] yesterday, who is thrilled by this news, and we will treat the show in the manner it deserves…. We want to make sure it goes out the right way. “I think they, too, felt that seven years is the right amount. As a fan myself, I do want to do what is right for the show.” Fans will have to tune in to the final episodes of the season in the next few weeks to find out if Percival can be defeated or if he’ll be back to wreak more havoc in Riverdale’s final chapter. Riverdale season 6 continues Sunday, June 26 on The CW and the following Monday on Netflix.