Tottenham are to open fresh talks with Middlesbrough over the signing of full-back Djed Spence and this time around there is confidence an agreement can be struck, according to reports. The England U21 international has been enjoying a short break following the conclusion of a long, gruelling season but he remains firmly on the agenda for Spurs.  Express Sport understands Tottenham are set to launch a £20million swoop for Spence, who flourished on loan at Nottingham Forest last season. Initial discussions have already been held by Spurs over a deal but as of yet, there is no agreement between the club. According to Sky Sports, Tottenham are now planning to open a second round of talks with Boro over a move for Spence as they target their fourth summer acquisition. Fraser Forster, Ivan Perisic and Yves Bissouma are all set to join up with Antonio Conte's squad for their pre-season tour of South Korea and Spence could now join them in due course. READ MORE: Tottenham 'to bid £77m for Lautaro Martinez' with Antonio Conte 'crazy' about transfer Daniel Levy is reportedly driving the negotiations for Tottenham while Fabio Paratici continues to work on other targets. Meanwhile, Forest are understood to have conceded defeat in their attempts to land Spence on a permanent deal. The Premier League new boys are assessing a number of alternative options at right-back including Liverpool's Neco Williams. There has also been an enquiry for Arsenal's Ainsley Maitland-Niles while Manchester City's Issa Kabore is also of interest. READ MORETottenham 'make Christian Eriksen offer' with Man Utd one of four Prem proposals on tableTottenham boss Conte 'pursues second Inter transfer deal' after Alessandro Bastoni snubTottenham 'expected to make another approach' for third Juventus ace after January meeting With Spurs able to offer Champions League football, something Forest simply cannot compete with. Tottenham also play a system (3-4-3) that suits Spence to a tee, as he can slot into the right wing-back role in north London. His arrival would potentially push Emerson Royal closer to the exit door after just one season in England following his £26m switch from Barcelona last summer. Atletico Madrid and Roma are both interested in acquiring his services ahead of the 2022/23 season. DON'T MISS: Taylor's Transfers - Liverpool clause boost, Arsenal priority deals, Armando Broja view on West Ham offer Spurs are also expected to go on the attack for some forward signings and a left centre-back is still of priority for Fabio Paratici. Everton's Richarlison is of firm interest while Bayer Leverkusen's Ecuador international defender Piero Hincapie is a name that has cropped up in recent days. Tottenham are still open to signing top defensive target Alessandro Bastoni, providing there is an unexpected twist in regards to his future. The Italian has ruled that he wants to stay at Inter Milan but their current financial situation means there could still be movement, as they need to raise cash through sales.