Jack Wilshere believes Richarlison could be a "very good" signing for Tottenham. However, he isn't worried as an Arsenal supporter and says the Brazilian wouldn't get into the Gunners' starting XI. Tottenham have agreed a deal with Everton to sign Richarlison for a fee of up to £60million. Personal terms have also been sorted and an official announcement of his arrival is expected in the next couple of days. Arsenal had tentative links with Richarlison earlier this summer as they sought a new striker. However, they have settled on his international team-mate Gabriel Jesus. Wilshere isn't unhappy to see Richarlison join north London rivals Spurs. He does expect him to excel under Antonio Conte but says the 25-year-old would struggle for a game at the Emirates. Wilshere told talkSPORT: "I think he improves the [Tottenham] squad, definitely. He gives them something different. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd plan De Jong unveiling, Spurs medical latest, Raphinha meeting  "I wouldn't say I'm gutted [as an Arsenal fan]. He's 25, so he's not young. "There comes a point where he's going to have to turn all that potential into something. To be fair if anyone can do it it's probably Antonio Conte. "So I wouldn't say I was devastated as an Arsenal fan but I think he will be one to watch, he could be really, really good. "Yeah [I'd have him at Arsenal]. I don't think he gets in the XI. He definitely would challenge for it and would be a good part of the squad. But I don't think he gets in the XI." DON'T MISSArsenal boss Mikel Arteta can sign obvious Raphinha alternative for just £34mEverton 'rejected Chelsea swap deal' before Tottenham agreed £60m Richarlison swoopChelsea deal for Raphinha in crisis as Barcelona 'new bid' sees star make request  Neil Warnock has also given his verdict on the deal. He says Richarlison will be a good option for Tottenham, especially if either Harry Kane or Heung-min Son are unavailable. Warnock said: "If you take Harry [Kane] and Son out of the team and they haven’t got a lot else up there so I think Richarlison will do really well there. London, a great stadium and he is a bit of a lad. "He likes to put on a bit of a show, doesn’t he? I’ve never seen anybody go down as easily in my life. "When you blow, Richarlison’s down on the ground, but I think he’ll stop doing that as much now. I don’t think Conte will have it, to be honest, and I think that’s needed because I hate to see that in the modern game.”  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here