Manchester United have three tactics up their sleeve as they look to land Frenkie de Jong, it has been claimed. The Barcelona star is one of Erik ten Hag’s top transfer targets. And while the midfielder has indicated he’s willing to stay at the Nou Camp, a summer switch to the Premier League could yet materialise. Manchester United’s interest in De Jong has been well-documented in recent weeks. And Fabrizio Romano, writing in his Caughtoffside column, has claimed the Red Devils will try to woo him by using three different tactics. They will apparently attempt to use Ten Hag as a hook, with the duo previously working together at Ajax. And United will also tell De Jong about their plans to return to the Champions League by next year, while also tapping into the fact Barcelona may have to sell him due to their financial situation. “Man United are working hard to try and sign Frenkie de Jong,” he said. “Erik ten Hag considers him more than a great midfielder, almost a ‘statement’ on the part of the club in wanting to start a new era with a player of excellent quality and international level. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “Barcelona wants an €85m fee to let Frenkie leave this summer, Man United hope to be able to change the player’s mind in more ways: the club’s project to return to the Champions League as early as 2023, the relationship with Ten Hag, who would consider him untouchable in his project, Barcelona’s needs to sell some player to improve their economic situation. “It won’t be easy, but Man United have not given up yet.” Romano also claims United have other midfield targets, too. “Man United will certainly need more reinforcements in midfield,” he added. “The club’s internal strategy, however, is focused on working on priorities: a new centre-back, a new centre-midfielder, a new striker and then evaluating the other positions. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag “Ten Hag wants to be certain in every single role. “Man United explored Kalvin Phillips’ situation more than a month ago, but it is another difficult negotiation for the player’s will and because Leeds United dream of holding onto him again, meanwhile Man City have entered the race.” United are also understood to admire Declan Rice. But with West Ham demanding substantial money to let their prized asset go, the Red Devils may be forced to look elsewhere. De Jong played under Ten Hag at Ajax, helping them reach the semi-finals of the Champions League three years ago. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz But whether he ends up reuniting with his old boss is something only time will tell. As well as De Jong, United are looking at bringing in a centre-back amid an expectancy Eric Bailly and Phil Jones will leave. Pau Torres is one player in their sights, while Jurrien Timber continues to be linked with a summer move. Up top, United are interested in Darwin Nunez. But they won’t rush into any deal for the Benfica star, who scored a remarkable 34 goals across all competitions last term. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Speaking last month, meanwhile, former United star Rio Ferdinand urged his old side to get their transfer business right. “He’s had players that are rough diamonds, players that are off the conveyor belt of the youth system, bringing players from the academy that he’s integrated into the first team and helped become superstars,” Ferdinand said. “And he’s had players that have been discarded by opposition teams and teams from around Europe and seen that talent. What that says to me is that he’s been working with a recruitment team who have been getting it right more often than not. “And that’s a big, big element that needs sorting out at Manchester United. “Because recruitment, I think, has probably been one of the biggest downfalls of the last 10 years.”