Yellowstone fans are eagerly awaiting the return of the Western melodrama, with season five scheduled to air on The Paramount Network on November 13. Beth Dutton (played by Kelly Reilly) is still out to find justice for her family after a number of tragic setbacks. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the actress's current net worth. Born Jessica Kelly Siobhán Reilly, the English actress has risen to global stardom playing Beth Dutton in Yellowstone since 2018. The 44-year-old had already seen a prosperous career, having starred in Prime Suspect. She is a star on both stage and screen, having played all sorts of characters from comedy roles to leads in horrors. The busy actress is still taking on new work, having signed up for the upcoming film, Promises. As of 2022, her net worth appears to be between $5million and $10million. READ MORE: Where does Kelly Reilly from Yellowstone live now? In British pounds, this is between £4.1million and £8.2million. According to caknowledge.com, she has a monthly income of around $250,000, or £202,000. The website also claims her Instagram earnings are up to $100,000 for each brand promotion or sponsorship post. Her highest-earning movie role according to the site was in The Cursed, in which she played Isabelle Laurent. For the 2021 film, she is believed to have earned $800,000, or £658,000. As for Yellowstone, according to a Cinemablend article from 2020, she makes around £163,000 ($200,000) per episode. The actress has been nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress for her role as Beth. As for what fans can expect from the fearless Dutton sibling in season five, the star said she wanted peace for her character. She told LA Times: "There’s something unaware about herself that’s really fun to play. “I love that there’s room for a female character who’s so powerful and so flawed. DON'T MISS... Kevin Costner first wife: Who was the Yellowstone star married to? [EXPLAINER]Yellowstone tributes pour in as season 4 star dies [DISCUSSION] Yellowstone season 5 confirms major casting news [INSIGHT] "And her heart is something I get to care about so much. "I feel like [creator] Taylor Sheridan and I have hit a nerve with something and now it’s about protecting it and keeping it authentic. Seeing how much bigger we can make it. "How powerful she can be and what her soul’s journey is. For me, I want peace for Beth in the end. "Hopefully, we will get there, but we are not anywhere close.” With this in mind, Beth's story could continue for many more seasons to come. The actress, along with her co-stars, continues to be blown away by the show's success. She told Gold Derby: "When you start a project, you have no idea if it’s going to work. "So, when we all signed on five years ago, I knew because of Taylor Sheridan and the writing that it was going to be dangerous and brilliant and beautiful. "When I read episode one the pilot of the first season, I had never read a female character like her before." She said she finds Beth's devotion to her father John (Kevin Costner) "beautiful" yet "incredibly sad".  Yellowstone returns to The Paramount Network with season 5 on November 13. Season 4 is available exclusively on Peacock along with seasons 1-3.