The Duke and Duchess of Sussex travelled from California to join the Royal Family and the British public in the celebrations for the Queen's 70-year reign this week. Their much-awaited trip has inevitably put all eyes on them – including those of journalists Katie Nicholl and Adrienne Arsenault. The two were reporting on-air with CBC today when they saw Prince Harry and Meghan being driven out of Clarence House, the home of the Prince of Wales and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, who shortly after left their residence, too. The fact the Sussexes are staying at Frogmore Cottage in Windsor suggests they paid Harry's father and stepmother a visit. Express.co.uk has approached Clarence House for comment. News of a possible meeting comes after the couple, who left the UK in 2019 as they gave up their roles as senior working royals for a life away from the spotlight in the US, attended their first official event together since stepping back from the Firm. Their arrival at St Paul's Cathedral was anticipated by observers keen to witness the dynamics between the Sussexes and the rest of the family. Jubilee LIVE: Harry and Meghan snub Royal Family lunch after 'frosty' reception Harry and Meghan got to the cathedral for the service just minutes before William and Kate, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, who went without their children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. The two pairs were seated on opposite sides of the aisle. Charles and Camilla followed but, once seated, they too stayed separate from the Sussexes. The Sussexes, in what seems a rather safe choice, sat alongside Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank on one side. The couple, with their son Jack, visited the Sussexes in Montecito back in February. On the other side of them was Lady Sarah Chatto – the daughter of Princess Margaret and the Queen's niece. Charles represented the Queen at the thanksgiving service after the 96-year-old monarch was regrettably forced to pull out after experiencing some "discomfort" during the first day of Jubilee celebrations, and watched the service at home in Windsor instead. A Buckingham Palace statement on Friday read: "Taking into account the journey and activity required to participate in tomorrow's National Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral, Her Majesty with great reluctance has concluded that she will not attend." DON'T MISSQueen diary change scuppers Harry and Meghan Netflix master plan [REVEAL]Should the Jubilee always be a bank holiday in the UK? [POLL]How the Express reported the Queen's accession 70 years ago [INSIGHT] The monarch, though having watched the service from home, is believed to be pleased to have her grandson Harry over with Meghan, as she has previously made it clear that, no matter the history, they were very welcome at the Jubilee celebrations. During an address to 2,000 people at today's service, Archbishop of York Stephen Cottrell praised the Queen's seven decades of service to the nation. Speaking of her leadership, he said: "In Her Majesty the Queen, we see such an example of this kind of service; a staunch constancy and a steadfast consistency; a faithfulness to God, an obedience to a vocation that is the bedrock of her life." The Archbishop also made reference to the monarch's love of horse racing, saying she was "still in the saddle" even though she was not able to attend. His words came hours before Buckingham Palace announced she will not attend the Epsom Derby showpiece horse racing event tomorrow but watch it on television at Windsor Castle instead.