Manchester United have been warned by former striker Louis Saha not to spend £100m on new players who may disrupt the club - instead being told to focus on quality as opposed to big-name stars. United have spent heavily in recent years on big names such as Jadon Sancho, Harry Maguire, Paul Pogba and Romelu Lukaku. Sancho and Maguire have largely failed to warrant their huge transfer fees since their moves, whilst Pogba is set to leave on a free transfer this summer and Lukaku has already had two different clubs since departing in 2019. The Red Devils have not won a major trophy since 2017 whilst five other English clubs have done so since then, which will worry United chief Richard Arnold. And Saha has suggested the club need to rectify such a barren spell by changing their strategy of going for big names - instead opting for quality over reputation to 'stop worrying about being left behind' other clubs. "Man United have to make the right choices and sign the right players for the club," Saha told Boyle Sports. "It's very important not to panic buy, those in charge of signings need to make sure the philosophies at the club are right and that the players coming through the door are buying into the project. "It doesn't matter how much you're spending, it's about quality. You don't need to spend £100million on a player who is going to disrupt your club. They don’t need to worry about being left behind by their rivals. Obviously the big teams are going to attract big names, but every team has problems that they have to deal with and United shouldn't be pushing the panic button." One big name that United do have is Bruno Fernandes, with the Portugal star being one of their key stars in recent seasons since his move two and a half years ago. The midfielder somewhat struggled last year after a superb first 18 months for United under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. But Saha has backed the maestro to return to the form he started to show at Old Trafford immediately after his £48million move from Sporting Lisbon. "Bruno Fernandes can be the main man at Man United next season, he definitely has the quality to do that," Saha continued. "I expected him to struggle a little bit because his form when he arrived was exceptional. During some games last season, the fans saw that he's capable of doing amazing things, but to do it on a regular basis is the challenge and if the club is always in transition and always changing, it's never easy for players. Bruno is definitely one of the star players, but a lot of players in the squad have to improve their game from last season as I believe only Cristiano Ronaldo and David de Gea can escape criticism. "Bruno works hard and turns up fighting even when he's not playing well and that's the type of people that need to lead Man United forward." United are reportedly edging closer to signing Frenkie de Jong, whilst Christian Eriksen, Jurrien Timber and Dominic Calvert-Lewin have also been linked with moves to the Theatre of Dreams.