More than 25 million homeowners have gas boilers but Prime Minister Boris Johnson wants us to scrap them in favour of electric heat pumps, as part of his “net zero” climate change plan. Installing a pump could cost you a fortune. Reports that the government may BAN gas boilers have sparked a furious backlash from readers, some of whom have been quoted £30,000 to install an air source heat pump. Heating experts have also warned that installing heat pumps can QUADRUPLE energy bills, as electricity now costs four times as much as gas. Another concern is that they will be inefficient in older homes with poor insulation. It could even involve ripping out every radiator in your home, and installing new ones. Electric heat pumps can also be noisy and run all day long. Homeowners want to play their part in cutting carbon emissions but the government should not embark on a rush for expensive heat pumps, said Kevin Mcguane at property maintenance specialist DMA Group.  “The capital costs involved in replacing a conventional gas boiler with a heat pump are huge. Even with a Government grant, the cost is typically twice that of a conventional gas boiler.” Mcguane said this will be unaffordable at a time when energy bills and other household expenses are going through the roof. He called for simpler, cheaper methods of cutting emissions, such as “grants towards better insulation, double glazing, LED lighting, and better heating controls”. Heating expert Myles Robinson from Boiler Central said installing heat pumps is unrealistic for a lot of UK homes. “The costs are immense, and can multiply if some parts of your existing heating system are incompatible with the heat pump system, such as radiators, emitters or any pipework.” READ MORE: New gas boiler threat - install heat pump or we'll devalue your home Ground source heat pump installation costs can add up to an eye-watering £35,000, Robinson said, but the government’s Boiler Upgrade Scheme gives grants of £6,000 towards a ground source heat pump, or £5,000 towards an air source heat pumps. Robinson added: “The reality is that most homeowners are looking for immediate solutions to cutting their gas bills because of the cost-of-living crisis. They most certainly do not have tens of thousands of pounds to spare.” Yet water heater expert Tom Gill at The Eco Experts warned: “If we’re to hit net zero emissions by 2050, gas boilers have to go.” He admits Brits are right to be worried. “The costs involved, plus the logistics of replacing the 25 million gas boilers, are enough to make your head spin.” DON'T MISS:Old state pension to pay £2,500 a year LESS than new one [REVEAL]State pensioners warned ‘do not ignore letters’ as payment change due [INSIGHT]Pensioners could claim extra £300 payment [ANALYSIS] Yet Gill said it’s not as daunting as it sounds, provided the government draws up a “clear roadmap” for moving away from gas boilers. Heat pumps are expensive now, but prices should fall over time, he dded. Gill also pointed out that easier options do exist, including heat pumps that use the air inside homes, rather than outside. “You can simply install a unit inside, and you’re good to go.” “Infrared heating systems are cheaper overall at around £3,300," he added. Even Gill admitted that retrofitting older properties with heat pumps can be tricky. “Around 45 percent of homes that use gas would struggle to install one.” Homeowners will remain concerned, as the government's own expert has said it may have to ban gas boilers in order to force people to make the switch. 