The video footage released by Ukraine's military forces shows a Russian transporting truck getting struck by heavy artillery fire from the Ukrainian army's 92nd Mechanized Brigade. Ukraine's military located the Russian vehicles driving in a remote part of Ukraine before obliterating them. The Russian truck can be seen blowing up in a ball of flames after being struck by Ukraine's army. The ongoing war in Ukraine has been heating up as Russian troops have once again begun their heavy bombardment of the capital city Kyiv, but Ukrainian forces have been fighting back with gifted top-of-the-range weapons from Western allied countries such as the UK and Germany.   The Ukrainian military truck can be seen driving around what appears to be a rural part of Ukraine, before parking under the cover of some trees. Ukrainian forces continued to track the truck before dropping rounds of heavy artillery on the vehicle. The vehicle can be seen blowing up into a big ball of flames before being engulfed by a cloud of thick grey smoke. The explosion was so intense that a thick cloud of smoke covered the surrounding areas, leaving the camera unable to find any last remanence of the truck. No casualties have been announced by Russian forces as of yet, but there appeared to be no fleeing Russian soldiers after the onslaught. JUST IN: Horror scenes as man lays severed head outside court - 'He sat there a few metres away'       Twitter users have been reacting to the footage of Ukraine destroying a Russian military truck. One user @Iggy_Igz said: "Russia would have levelled every building 5km away and then hit everything but the truck." @Nitten92 said: "When you see all the birds fly away safely but the Russians didn't make it." @ArdentLieutena1 said: "Love it. No Russian is safe." @1960Rsloss said: "The cockroaches can’t hide and destroy them." READ MORE:'Maybe a future deal with Putin!' SNP savaged as Sturgeon energy plans ripped apart     @Michielgr1977 said: "In Russian accent: Dude, where is the truck?!" @RG86766412 said: "Tree did not hide! Great shooting from Ukraine artillery. Slava Ukraini." @PaddyKennedy said: "you can run but you can't hide..." @Rutillo70240642 said: "Surgical mode. The 92nd Mechanized Brigade reports that no birds were harmed during the filming of this video." DON’T MISS: Queen health fears erupt as monarch's bruised purple hands spark worry - PICTURES Stepdad dies from 'worst case of salmonella after eating duck eggs', inquest hears Horror as body of dog found nailed inside wooden box by side of UK road - probe launched      Western countries are continuing to supply Ukrainian forces with top-of-the-range weapons in order to help them push back the Russian advance on their land. Dr Jack Watling from (RUSI) Royal United Services Industry has praised the British Government for sending Ukraine weapons. Dr Watling said: “I don't think it's a significant shift in Government policy the UK has been determined to provide Ukraine with what it needs. “And these systems are precisely what Ukraine needs, they allow the Ukrainians to outrange a lot of the Russian artillery systems. “And also to strike with precision, these will strike as precisely as the coordinates that they receive. “And so that means that the Ukrainians can start to knock out and hold at risk the Russian artillery that is at the moment systematically destroying towns across Eastern Ukraine.” READ NEXT Meghan Markle speaks of miscarriage in latest interview 'I know what it feels like' Putin's 'brandishing of nuclear sword' to backfire as 'Russia will also be destroyed' Macron in embarrassing slip-up as secret conversation with Biden caught on mic Dominic Raab winks at Angela Rayner after 'wiping the floor with her' in raucous PMQs Emily Thornberry sparks GMB 'switch off' as fans fume over one-sided interview: 'Pathetic'   