Chelsea have been handed a major transfer boost over Paris Saint-Germain in their pursuit of Inter Milan defender Milan Skriniar. Thomas Tuchel has prioritised signing two new centre-backs following the departures of Andreas Christensen and Antonio Rudiger. Although the west London side haven’t yet put forward a proposal or 'talked about numbers,' they have been informed they will be given 'special treatment' if they pursue the signing of Skriniar, according to Corriere dello Sport. Inter are reportedly willing to let their player go for £60million, but that would of course, only be what PSG and other interested clubs would have to pay to seal a deal. The reason for such treatment is because of Chelsea’s sanction of Romelu Lukaku to Inter on a season-long loan deal at the cost of £7m. The report also states that although the Slovakian might favour a move to Paris over Stamford Bridge amid a potential reunion with his friend Achraf Hakimi. READ MORE: Leeds 'receive mystery £60m Raphinha bid' from English club as Arsenal and Spurs circle Meanwhile, if the French giants were to try and sway the player away from Tuchel, they will have to make a much more significant effort, after an opening offer of £52m was deemed as too low by the Italian outfit. Tuchel is understood to be a huge fan of the centre-back and believes he would fit like a glove in replacing Rudiger, possessing both leadership qualities and experience from his time at Serie A and at international level. The club are confident on sealing a deal, given their strong relationship with Inter after the two parties successfully agreed on a deal to bring Lukaku to west London last sumer, and loaning him back to the San Siro this year. DON'T MISS THE LATEST TRANSFER GOSSIPMan Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinationsChelsea 'plot PSG transfer hijack' after Inter Milan receive opening swap deal offerTottenham 'prepared to make player-plus-cash offer' for Man Utd target Antony   Although Inter’s CEO, Beppe Marotta, is reluctant to sell the 27-year-old, he has recognised that his exit is a way to alleviate the books. “We’ll evaluate things calmly,” he said on interest in the defender. “We’re always in the situation where we don’t want to let players go unless they ask for a transfer.” “At the same time, however, we must take into account the matter of financial sustainability because today’s football needs real financial balance, and the buying and selling of players is an absolutely vital tool to make ends meet.” Meanwhile, Todd Boehly and co have been keen on signing Juventus’ Matthijs de Ligt but a deal is proving rather difficult, with his £102m release clause considered to be too expensive. They are hoping to be more successful in striking a deal for the 27-year-old however.