Joker 2 was given its official title just last week - Joker: Folie à Deux. Previously, a sequel to the hit, billion-dollar movie had not yet been confirmed, but director Todd Phillips posted an image of the script's front page, as well as a shot of Phoenix reading the new story. Now, a new report claims the actress behind Harley Quinn in the new movie has been found - and she will be played by a Grammy Award-winning songstress. It has been reported Lady Gaga has joined Joker: Folie à Deux. Gaga is of course known for her expansive pop career, but in the last decade, she has been building her acting career in Hollywood drastically. She made a splash in the Oscar-winning A Star Is Born as the main protagonist, and most recently made her mark on the semi-biopic movie The House of Gucci (alongside former Joker actor Jared Leto). The details about Gaga's role are currently being kept under wraps, but the title for Joker 2 seems to hint at the arrival of everyone's favourite psychotic therapist. In the medical world, a folie à deux is a "delusion or mental illness shared by two people in close association". Where the Joker is concerned, what better person is there to embody this medical term than his part-time sidekick and part-time lover, Harley Quinn? This would be a separate version of the character that Margot Robbie has diligently been portraying for years - most recently in The Suicide Squad. However, Joker introduced a collection of brand new characters into the fold, so Gaga could very well be playing a completely different person. Meanwhile, there is further information about the film that might worry fans: It's going to be a musical. Joker defied traditional "comic book movie" conventions by focusing solely on the character of Arthur Fleck rather than any action or world-threatening events. With a character-driven study already under his belt, The Hollywood Reporter claims director Phillips is now working on adapting Joker: Folie à Deux into a musical. No further information has been revealed just yet about this detail, but it might just work. There are a few ways this could happen. The first option is that Joker 2 is a traditional musical piece - like Steven Spielberg's recent Westside Story - where characters burst into song and dance as part of the world. While this is certainly possible, I feel like viewers may find this a tough pill to swallow after the first blood-filled movie. The second option is - considering Joker is certifiably insane and locked up in Arkham Asylum - that the character is imagining the characters around him singing. What's more, Gaga's inclusion in the movie makes a lot more sense if this musical report is correct. Gaga sang throughout A Star is Born, so her dusting off her pipes for Joker 2 would certainly fit into her remit. There is currently no information about whether any kind of Batman character will be making an appearance in the movie. Bruce Wayne played a prominent part in the first movie, so his arrival is certainly possibly. Joker is available to watch on Netflix now. Joker: Folie à Deux does not yet have a release date. SOURCE