Christopher Clarke, the owner of a cycle tour company and director of a cycling charity, claims the knotweed has infested a patch of land beside his £1.6million home in Kensal Green, north west London. He said the invasive weed was on his neighbour’s land and was now “leaning over” his fence so much that he could no longer open his back door. Mr Clarke and his partner Louise Kay said the knotweed roots have tunnelled from their neighbour’s land. The couple purchased their Victorian home in the affluent London area back in 2014 for £1,159,999. Japanese knotweed roots consist of a rigid network of rhizomes. They can burrow deep underground and appear as tough, wood-like trunks. READ MORE: How to get rid of weeds between paving stones - white vinegar mixture Japanese knotweed can cause serious damage to a property and can devalue the price of a property. Cuttings are treated as licensed hazard waste due to its ability to start a new infestation from small offcuts. It can even be hard to get a mortgage or sell a home if there is knotweed present. The land next door to Mr Clarke and his partner is owned by couple Talha and Minha Abbasi. DON'T MISS:Home improvements that won’t add value to your property [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fans share 20p hack to remove toilet stains - ‘cheap’ [INSIGHT]‘Simple’ ways to keep houseplants ‘happy’ and ‘healthy’ in summer [EXPERT] They are now suing the couple, demanding £250,000 in compensation and claiming their failure to deal with the knotweed on their land has devalued their home. They believe their home would now be worth £1.67million. However, Mrs Abbasi and her husband deny any blame for the problems next door. They said the problem must have already been there when Mr Clarke and his partner bought it for £166,000 in 2016. Japanese knotweed is extremely fast growing and can be very difficult to remove completely, even with the help of a professional. Judge Alan Johns at Central London County Court heard barrister Andy Creer, for Mr Clarke and his partner, explain they are suing their neighbours claiming “damages for nuisance for the enrichment of Japanese knotweed on to the claimants’ land from the defendants’ neighbouring land”. The barrister said that the couple have been “unable to obtain mortgage finance on the property, because of the knotweed on the adjoining land because it was subject to a knotweed management plan”. It was also added that the rhizomes growing on the land are now under Mr Clarke and his partner’s property and its foundations. The couple had a knotweed infestation on their own land when they moved in, which they had not been aware of but professionally eradicated it in 2015. Just two years later, an expert allegedly told them there was knotweed on their neighbours’ land that “posed an imminent threat of damage”. Although Mr and Mrs Abbasi have taken steps to dig out some of the knotweed, Mr Clarke and his partner insisted that the soil on their neighbour’s land must be dug out to a depth of three metres. This depth will then remove all traces of the invasive weed. Instead of getting in experts to do the work, the couple had initially “employed general contractors to cut down the knotweed stems, which neither controls nor eradicates the knotweed”. The barrister also told the judge that Mr and Mrs Abbasi “admit” that they know of the invasive weed before they bought the land and were informed by their neighbours’ lawyers in 2016 “informing them that the knotweed needed to be dealt with urgently”. Despite assurances in emails between September 2017 and June 2017, the couple took no steps to treat the knotweed. This means it continued to be a threat to the property. Mr Clarke told the judge that as well as growing into the foundations of his property, knotweed which had been leaning over his back wall and back door. He said: “It comes through the door when you open the door.” As well as damages, the couple are also asking for an injunction to “compel treatment of the knotweed on the defendants’ land, alternatively to prevent further encroachment onto the claimants’ land”. The judge is expected to give a ruling on the case at a later date.