Tottenham Hotspur star Son Heung-min’s father has hinted at a move away for his son as he admitted that the South Korean may need to leave Spurs in order to become a 'world class' player. Son shared the Premier League Golden Boot with Mohamed Salah last season, as they both scored 23 times in the division. The Spurs forward, however, reached that total without scoring a single penalty, while Salah struck five times from the spot. "He must work harder and make more progress.” Son Woong-jung told CGTN. “If he is satisfied with what he has achieved now, crisis is on the way. "He must always try to do better to stay in the best form, don't you think? Instead of being happy to stay where he is, I always want him to be ten per cent better. "He must be able to play a solid role in one of the world's top clubs. That's when he will become a world class player. He scored a lot of goals this year, but it doesn't mean he will do the same next year. Only those who stay ready can survive the difficulties. He must face everything with a cautious mind and can't afford to be too proud." Son signed a new four-year contract at Spurs last year, but had been linked with a move to Liverpool before the Reds agreed a fee for Benfica striker Darwin Nunez. Football London claimed that Liverpool were considering a big bid for Son this summer if Tottenham had not finished in the top four, and Jurgen Klopp’s side have long kept an eye on a Premier League star who has scored three goals in his past four appearances against them. Former Reds goalkeeper David James questioned whether Son would move to Liverpool however. "Son can do a lot of Liverpool-esque stuff and he’s proved that not just with the goals he’s scored but the assists he’s provided over a period of time", the ex-stopper told GGRecon. “The question is, would Son want to move? "I’m not saying that Harry Kane doesn’t love Tottenham, but you rarely see Son linked with a move away from Spurs and he’s always looked happy there. Harry Kane and Son would be fitting replacements for Sadio Mane, but if Harry Kane has given any indication that he wants to move then that’s something that Son hasn’t done, so the latter would be a harder transfer to seal.” After signing his contract extension last year, Son said: "It was already a big honour to play here for six years, the club have showed me massive, massive respect and obviously I'm very happy to be here. "It's like home, especially with the fans, the players, the staff. There was no decision. It was easy. I'm so happy to be here and will be so glad to see the fans again soon."