Spain is an extremely popular destination among Britons due to its typically glorious heat. However, tourists are being warned of extreme weather conditions. Last week the heat in eastern Spain hit close to record highs. Consequently, Spain has battled some intense forest fires. On June 18, in Zaragoza, firefighters battled against the elements. Spaniards sought relief with fans, shade and water. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares ‘life-changing’ packing tip Dry and windy conditions have caused wildfires across the country. Zamora, which is on the border with Portugal, was one of the worst affected areas. A whopping 11 villages were evacuated and around 500 firefighters were enlisted to put out the flames. There have been no reported injuries or fatalities as a result of the fire. A stag do in Zaragoza, where participants dressed as Romans, told Reuters that they were drinking as much water as beer due to the tremendous heat. With so many Britons flocking to Spain each summer for some respite and some sun, it is that they are aware of the extreme heat and risk of wildfire. Official website GOV.UK told Britons what they should know about forest fires in Spain. It said: "Forest fires occur frequently in Spain (including Spanish islands) during the summer months, when temperatures regularly reach over 40ºC. "Take care when visiting or driving through woodland areas." While forest fires can be natural occurrences, they can also be manmade. "Causing a forest fire is considered a criminal offence in Spain even if unintentional. "Make sure cigarette ends are properly extinguished, don’t light barbecues and don’t leave empty bottles behind. "There are strict regulations across much of Spain against lighting outdoor barbecues in forest areas and penalties imposed include heavy fines. "Some regions prohibit the use of outdoor barbecues in public picnic areas during the summer months." While there has been no official guidance against travelling to the country, Britons must remain vigilant. Forest fires will often occur in the summer months so the current blazes have arrived earlier than usual. Gov.uk concluded: "Check on the outbreak of fires with the local civil protection authority and report any you see immediately to the emergency services on 112."