If Liverpool fans were indeed "frustrated" by the club's transfer activity last summer, they can have no complaints now. The Reds are closing in on a major coup for in-demand Benfica hitman Darwin Nunez in a move that will see Jurgen Klopp fulfil Jamie Carragher's prophecy by "attacking" the transfer market.  Last summer, Liverpool's spending strategy was clear for all to see: instead of making an concerted effort to add new faces to their ranks in response to failing to defend their Premier League crown, the club prioritised addressing the contracts of their current crop. Ibrahima Konate arrived from RB Leipzig in a £36million deal, but other than that, all was quiet on the arrival front at Anfield. Trent Alexander-Arnold, Alisson, Fabinho, Jordan Henderson, Andy Robertson and Virgil van Dijk were among a plethora of key Liverpool components who penned fresh terms as the Reds endeavoured to tie down the nucleus of Klopp's side. While Liverpool owners FSG had an evident plan of action, not all involved with the club were apparently enthused with the manner in which the Reds conducted their transfer activity. According to Jamie Carragher, some of the club's supporters were "frustrated" by Liverpool's lack of spending last summer, particularly given both Chelsea and Manchester United splashed the cash in order to bolster their respective squads. While a number of the club's fans appeared sceptical of FSG's strategy, the Liverpool legend was himself highly complimentary as he additionally predicted an incoming "attack" in the transfer market of summer 2022. READ MORE: Man Utd respond to Liverpool's Darwin Nunez deal as Erik ten Hag makes 'priority' clear  “I think Liverpool will be looking to attack the market more next summer," Carragher speculated to Sky Sports back in September. "This summer was about renewing contracts which does cost money. “I know there is a frustration among supporters that Liverpool are not getting involved in the transfer market when you look at what Chelsea and Manchester United have done. A lot of the money Liverpool were going to spend has been spent on wages. “I’m not worried about it, that’s the basic model. Liverpool’s owners don’t have the revenue of Manchester City, Roman Abramovich, nor do they bring in as much money as Manchester United do. DON'T MISSLeeds drop major Phillips transfer hint amid Man City interest [REPORT]Football club gets life ban for scoring 41 own goals in 59-1 defeat [NEWS]Arteta makes Saliba stance clear as hint given over Arsenal role [REPORT]  “So, Liverpool have had a model since FSG have come in and it’s worked spectacularly. They’re seen as one of the best operators in the transfer market and how they go about their business.” And the Sky Sports pundit's prediction has come true. Klopp has indeed "attacked" the transfer market as Liverpool close in on completing what is expected to be a club-record deal for Nunez, thought to be in the region of £85million.  Some of Liverpool's fans may well have been infuriated by the club's transfer conduct last summer, but they can have no complaints now. Klopp has fulfilled Carragher's prediction as the Reds have responded to Sadio Mane's request to depart and Mohamed Salah's contract stand-off with a seismic statement of intent. It appears those who doubted FSG's game-plan have been left with egg on their face. With the Reds have seemingly pipped a whole host of top European teams to a deal for Nunez, it'll be the fans of Liverpool's rivals who are likely to feel such frustrations this time around.  