Window cleaning is a laborious task that is widely disliked among homeowners. Streaking, smearing and smudging are common problems cleaners can encounter when cleaning windows. Using the wrong products, incorrect cleaning apparatus or cleaning windows on a sunny day can all leave windows looking even dirtier than they did before. In a video on Swan Brand UK’s Instagram account, cleaning hack influencer @tanyahomeinspo shared her technique for cleaning windows using a paint roller. Swan Brand said the hack “gets those windows sparkling in minutes!” Tanya’s equipment included a paint roller, washing up liquid, a washing up bowl of water, a squeegee, a dust pan brush and a microfibre cloth. Tanya began by putting about a teaspoon of washing up liquid in the water. READ MORE: Houseplants: ‘Great tip’ to get plants to ‘thrive’ indoors She dipped the paint roller in the washing up bowl of soapy water and then rolled it directly on the exterior window. She left this on the window while she cleaned her white uPVC window sills. For this, she used the dustpan brush which she had also dipped in the soapy bowl of water. The rough bristles of the brush removed mud, grime and debris from the window sill. DON'T MISS‘Best way’ to ‘kill’ fungus gnats on houseplants using kitchen staple [INSIGHT]Lawn: Common causes of ‘patchy’ grass and how to revive it [UPDATE]Alan Titchmarsh shares ‘neat trick’ for planting strawberries now [ANALYSIS] Next, she used a squeegee to remove the water from the window glass. She used a downward motion to remove the product. She then rinsed the window sills. To finish, she sprayed the window with a solution and buffed it with a microfibre cloth. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The end results were sparkling, clean windows. Tanya’s window cleaning hack was popular among Instagram users. The post gained an impressive 346 likes on Instagram. Tanya said the hack “worked a treat” and has allowed her to give her windows the “best clean of their lives”.  One user called Julie said: “Wow love it.” Jess replied: “Why didn’t I think of that?! Must try!” Colby Paige commented: “A PAINT ROLLER?! That’s brilliant!” Lisa Jane said: “Great idea.”