He told all during his first appearance on The Good, The Bad and The Rugby podcast as he opened up about the Queen's weekend. Speaking about his wife Zara, the 43-year-old said: “Going to the Derby for the first time ever was a unique experience and one that I enjoyed. And who knew that wearing your Mrs’ hats would actually be a thing.” Presenter Alex Payne jokingly responded: “Boosted your following?” To which Mike continued: “Boosted a following which was so random. “You get wrapped up and to see the amount of people… I don’t know how it looked on TV or whether you got a sense for it but everywhere trying to get through London was chaotic.” Mike was seen wearing a black hat at the Epsom Derby on Saturday, alongside wife Zara who stunned in a bright blue matching dress and hat.   The Tindalls' attended the Platinum Jubilee over the weekend, making appearances at St Paul’s Cathedral thanksgiving service, as well as the final pageant where Mike was seen keeping young Louis entertained. Speaking about the Jubilee on the podcast, Mike added: “It was outstanding, to be fair. It was just great to be a part of.” He added: “We had a good cousins’ lunch on the Thursday. That was a highlight.” The ex-rugby star, 43, revealed that “the cousins” who watched the event from the Major General’s Office overlooking Horse Guards Parade went for a lunch following the Trooping The Colour display.  READ MORE: Royal Family: Queen's two-word response to Meghan and Harry  As Zara does not hold a senior royal title, the Tindalls' were not invited on the Buckingham Palace balcony during the event. But the family still supported the Queen throughout the four-day weekend, watching the display alongside Prince Harry and Meghan. He also revealed there were celebratory drinks at the Palace after the Platinum Jubilee celebrations to mark the Queen’s 70 years on the throne. Speaking on the podcast about the younger royals, including Prince Louis and his two daughters Mia and Lena, he said: “It's tough for them. They're all young. It's a long time.  DON'T MISS:Cockle wars! King's Lynn fisherman banned from centuries-old work [INSIGHT]'F**k off!' Tory MP erupts at unrepentant anti-Brexit campaigner [COMMENT]Britons face fresh travel hell as THREE more rail operators announc [PICTURES] “But as any parents knows you just do whatever needs to be done. “Louis, he was just wanting to have fun. And my two are always mischievous so it's trying to keep a lid on. “There were a lot of sweets out back though, so there was a real sugar high”. 