PIP payments can be a lifeline to people who have a disability or long term health condition that affects their everyday life. Yet hundreds of thousands of Britons could be missing out due to 10 common myths. PIP payments of up to £627 a month are awarded by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to millions of people who have a serious health condition. This vital support helps them pay for additional costs such as higher energy bills, additional support and potentially a carer. Government figures show thousands of Britons are missing out on this vital support. Typically, there are 10 myths surrounding PIP claims which may put people off claiming. READ MORE: NatWest account offers attractive 3.25% interest on savings  One of the biggest myths about PIP claims is that people can’t claim if they are employed, Nottinghamshire Live reports. PIP can be claimed by people who are working either full or part-time. Britons do not need to have paid National Insurance contributions to qualify for PIP. PIP is not means-tested which means it doesn’t matter how much someone earns. DON'T MISS'Not easy' Widow, 65, struggles on late husband's 'small' pensionSantander launches account with 2.5% rate - does it beat inflation?Dave Ramsey suggests how man, 60, can get by in retirement The 10 PIP myths are: Another common myth is that PIP is the same as Disability Living Allowance (DLA). PIP has different eligibility criteria and is not based on the health condition or disability someone has. Claims are assessed based on how that condition or disability affects someone’sability to carry out day-to-day living tasks such as cooking, washing and moving around outside their home. Meanwhile, many people give up on their claim if it’s rejected when many are successful at appeal. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea To appeal a PIP decision, claimants are advised to contact the DWP to ask them to explain their reasoning behind the decision. People can ask the DWP for a mandatory reconsideration which is when it looks at the decision again and decides whether to change it. Once the DWP has looked at its decision again, people should receive a Mandatory Reconsideration Notice which will tell them if it has changed the decision. After that, claimants can take it to a tribunal where it will be considered independently. For more information people can go to Gov.uk, Citizens Advice, or Macmillan Cancer Support. 