  Amanda Owen, 47, and Clive Owen, 67, announced they had parted ways last Thursday, as the pair continue to work on the farm and co-parent their nine children. Our Yorkshire Farm fans have shared their fears for Clive’s future on Ravenseat Farm in Swaledale after Amanda moved out of their shared home.      Last Thursday, Amanda took to Instagram to share the news of her and Clive’s separation with her 513,000 followers. “Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate,” she wrote. “This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family. “Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together, without number one priority the happiness and well-being of our children. “We would like to thank everyone for their support and would ask that the media please respect our privacy as we work through this difficult time. READ MORE: Kate Garraway puts on brave face after heartbreaking Derek update    “Amanda & Clive Owen," the statement ended. Viewers have since commented on Amanda's Instagram page, with some expressing their fears about Clive having to face old age alone. Ann Reece commented on Amanda’s most recent photo: “Does anyone care about Clive? 20 years of marriage and 9 children thrown away. “He is 67, arthritic and now to face the future alone.”     Another user wrote: "I feel more sad about Clive than Amanda. She has all her new found famous friends whilst Clive only has the children." Jill Foster added: “Poor Clive and kids. The magic and innocence of it all has gone.” Mary Davidson penned: “Gutted for Clive but you could see this coming a long while ago. Hope the future is good to you all.” “Feel so sorry for Clive,” Angela Longstaff commented. READ MORE... Crossroads legend Jane Rossington diagnosed with Alzheimer's [BREAKING] ‘Can’t stand the injustice’ Laurence Fox hits back over cancel culture [LATEST] Mick Jagger's son comforted by mum as he sobs over dad's Covid battle [NEWS]      Addressing the farmer through Amanda’s Instagram, Patrick Cliffe added: “Hope you’re ok, Clive, focus on your beautiful children and the farm. “Give me a shout if you need a hand or a chat.” Amanda and Clive met back in 1996 and have been married since 2000. The couple share nine children: Raven, 21, Reuben, 18, Miles, 15, Edith, 13, Violet, 11, Sidney, ten, Annas, eight, Clemmie, six and Nancy, five.     The pair began dating when Amanda was just 21 years old, while Clive was 42. Amanda met Clive when she was a trainee shepherdess and was sent to his Ravenseat Farm to borrow a male sheep. They first appeared together in ITV’s The Dales in 2011, before later letting cameras into their home to film Our Yorkshire Farm in 2018. All five series of Our Yorkshire Farm are available to stream now on My5.    