Cleaning fans have shared a simple hack for removing unpleasant smells from sinks. Fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, often share their cleaning hacks on social media. Mrs Hinch is a lifestyle and cleaning influencer with more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram. Fans of hers often share their cleaning tips on Facebook groups that were created in the name of Mrs Hinch. On one such group, Facebook user Debbie Plummer asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Why does my sink smell of eggs and what can I use as nothing seems to work? Please.” Debbie’s post was inundated with more than 170 comments from Mrs Hinch fans. The most popular response was to use bicarbonate of soda and white vinegar. Wendy Jennifer Wells said: “Put bicarbonate of soda in until it stops going down the holes. “Then pour some cheap white vinegar but before you do this, boil the kettle so you can pour it down after you have done the vinegar. READ MORE: Houseplants: ‘Great tip’ to get plants to ‘thrive’ indoors “Then pop some Zoflora down and it should be good. I do this once a week.” Emma Clubb replied: “Bicarbonate of soda and white vinegar. “It will fizz up as well and dislodge anything left in pipes, do this every night before bed, leave for 20 minutes then wash down with boiling kettle water. “Worked for me, I now do it every Sunday evening religiously.” Linda Rushby wrote: “Bicarbonate of soda down the plughole followed by white vinegar. “Leave for 10 minutes then pour boiling water down.” Gina Elsworth said: “Baking soda down the drain then pour white vinegar into it followed by boiling water then a cap of Zoflora.”  DON'T MISS‘Best way’ to ‘kill’ fungus gnats on houseplants using kitchen staple [INSIGHT]Lawn: Common causes of ‘patchy’ grass and how to revive it [UPDATE]Alan Titchmarsh shares ‘neat trick’ for planting strawberries now [ANALYSIS] Michelle Downes suggested: “Use Zoflora then add bicarbonate of soda and then vinegar and let it bubble away. Works wonders.” Lois Dean commented: “I put bicarbonate of soda down the plug hole then half a bottle of white vinegar. “Left overnight then poured a kettle full of boiling hot water down the plug. Haven’t had a smell since. Do it regularly now.” White vinegar and bicarbonate of soda are relatively affordable products. Clean+Natural Bicarbonate Of Soda costs £1 from Savers. Wilko Original Bicarbonate of Soda is £1.75. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea ASDA bicarbonate of soda costs 55p. Wilko Original White Vinegar Spray is £1.50. Stardrops White Vinegar Spray is 89p from The Range. Dri-Pak Pure White Vinegar is £2 from Ocado. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using soda crystals, toilet cleaner powder, denture tablets and boiling water. Fiona Roberts replied: “It's quite possible that it's coming from the over flow part. “Squirt some bleach in that part and leave. “If it’s not that then unscrew the sink plug hole area and clean. “You'll be surprised at just how much gunk is there and it stinks.” Kelly Elliott said: “Soda crystals and leave for a few hours then just run through with hot water. “Make a pile of crystals in your sink.”  Clare Monckton wrote: “Put some of the fizzing toilet cleaner powder down it and add hot water! It really helps!” Martine Blake said: “Try Steradent tablets. Brilliant for loads of stubborn smells. “Just add a little water to them and pour down the plug hole. Also use them to wash floors.” Fay Morris commented: “Soda crystals got rid of the smell for me. “Mind you, I used nearly a bag of it down the sink.” Nancy Neilson said: “Put down Mr Muscle drain blocker then wait half an hour. “Then put bicarbonate of soda, lemon juice and white vinegar then hot water from the kettle. “Should clear the sink drain and leave a lovely clean smell.”