In her lawsuit, Samantha Markle alleged Meghan made “false and malicious lies” about her during the bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021, as well as in the Finding Freedom biography. The two-hour interview with the veteran US chat show host was broadcast in the US on March 7 last year and was viewed by more than 50 million people worldwide. During that interview, Meghan Markle  and Prince Harry described her relationship with her family, stating she was an “only child” and had last seen Samantha “at least 18, 19 years ago and before that, 10 years before that”. But on Wednesday, a motion from Meghan's half-sister claimed Judge Charlene Honeywell, who was appointed by Mr Obama, was too close to Meghan and Harry. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry offered 'big pay deal' for Jubilee interview The motion said the judge's “impartiality will be questioned” as she was appointed by the former US President, according to a report from global news publication Insider. It alleged: “The Obama family, Prince Harry, and Meghan are ‘allies’ and strong supporters of one another." But the motion was outright dismissed by the judge, who said she had had no relationship with Mr Obama and former First Lady Michelle Obama.  The judge wrote in her decision: “President Obama appointed the undersigned [the judge herself] nearly 13 years ago. “But the undersigned has never had any relationship, social or professional, with the Obamas. "The undersigned has never spoken with the former President or the former First Lady.” Following this ruling, Ms Markle’s lawyer Jamie Alan Sasson insisted they trust the judge’s fairness. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan raise serious eyebrows after Jubilee money offer After the ruling, Ms Markle’s lawyer Jamie Alan Sasson said that they trust the judge’s fairness. But he said they still backed the decision to challenge the judge over her being an "Obama appointee and how close Meghan and Harry are to the Obama family". Mr Sasson was quoted as saying: “We trust the judge will be fair and impartial to our client. "However we did feel it was necessary, being an Obama appointee and how close Meghan and Harry are to the Obama family." DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry’s plot blown open [BLOG]Meghan's friend reveals Duchess' sense of humour in touching post [COMMENTS]POLL: Should Meghan and Harry speak of family moments at Jubilee? [POLL] Last month, Samantha Markle launched another attack at Meghan following their father's recent health scare. Ms Markle provided an update on Thomas Markle's ailing health after he had been hospitalised just days earlier. She claimed Meghan had not yet made any attempt to reach out to the family, in particular to her father, an act which she calls "ridiculous". Meghan's half-sister told Good Morning Britain: "His phone number has never changed, his address has never changed, and even though he can't speak, his language comprehension is perfect. "She could text him, she could contact him and he can text back. She's not reached out." "If you want to speak to your father just do it!" Ms Markle added: "The idea that it would be justified to disown one's father because he was photographed, or that he, or that that was opportunist is crazy."