Princess Madeleine of Sweden, Duchess of Hälsingland and Gästrikland, 40, is the second daughter and youngest child of King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia. The Princess has been seen in various different tiaras in the past, including some of the most challenging tiaras belonging to the European royal families. One of the most challenging royal tiara to wear is the converted amethyst jewel tiara, according to The Court Jeweller. Princess Madeleine has worn this tiara on more than one occasion in the past, including for the Nobel Prize ceremony in Stockholm on December 10, 2012. Madeleine paired the tiara with a grey strapless gown embellished with silver jewels and a type of silver netting. She completed the outfit with the sash and star of the Order of the Seraphim. READ MORE: Keep strawberries fresh for 10 days with simple food storage hack King Carl XVI Gustaf’s Royal Family Order was also pinned to her dress. As for jewellery, Madeleine wore pieces from her family’s Napoleonic Amethyst Parure, including the tiara. The set of amethyst jewels dates back to the reign of Napoleon I. The jewellery came to Sweden with Empress Josephine’s granddaughter, Queen Josefina. DON'T MISS: Effective way to remove toilet limescale with ‘no scrubbing required’ [EXPERT]Reduce cellulite in 3 weeks with Nivea’s £12 gel - ‘It actually works! [BEAUTY]Carrie Johnson steps out in hot-pink suit in Rwanda [PICTURES] Interestingly, Madeleine’s amethyst tiara was originally a necklace. But it was placed on a thin black headpiece to be made into a tiara. For the Nobel Prize ceremony and banquet, Madeleine also wore amethyst earrings, which matched the tiara. These featured diamond studs and pear drop pendants which were amethysts surrounded by tiny diamonds. On the night, Madeline’s long brunette locks were straight, but for their curled ends, which flowed down her back, and her make-up was eye-catching. She donned purple eyeshadow, lashings of black mascara, and a slick of pink lipgloss. A bracelet also came with the amethyst set, which Madeleine wore for the Nobel Prize ceremony too. According to The Court Jeweller, the amethyst tiara is “particularly challenging to wear” because its rather flat design makes the wearer’s head look a little flat too. But by wearing it at an angle, Madeleine managed to avoid this conundrum. Royal fans have previously commented on Madeleine’s iconic tiara, saying how “stunning” the Princess looked in it. Instagram user Debbie Carpenter wrote: “Absolutely beautiful.” Anna Kirkland said: “Gorgeous.” Govind Srawat simply commented: “Beautiful.”