British actor David Dawson starred in The Last Kingdom between 2015 and 2018 in the first three seasons. The played the visionary real-life King Alfred, who was aided by his loyal friend Uhtred of Bebbanburg (played by Alexander Dreymon). Here’s everything you need to know about actor Dawson including his other projects. The British actor was born in Widnes, Cheshire, England on September 7, 1982, making him 39 - much younger than King Alfred who ended up dying in his 50s. Dawson started acting while he was in secondary school, before going on to attend the prestigious drama school the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA). After graduating from RADA in 2005, he worked in theatre before landing television roles in Doc Martin and The Thick of It. His first recurring role was in ITV’s Belle de Jour blog adaptation Secret Diary of a Call Girl, before going on to play soap creator Tony Warren in The Road to Coronation Street. READ MORE: Last Kingdom: Why did David Dawson leave The Last Kingdom as Alfred? Dawson also starred opposite Idris Elba in Luther, Shakespeare TV adaptation The Hollow Crown, Dancing on the Edge, Ripper Street, and Peaky Blinders. Some of his other credits have included Maigret, The Smoke, The Borgias, Banished, and The Secret Agent. However, he is possibly best known as King Alfred in The Last Kingdom with the actor recently paying tribute to the show on Instagram. In a sweet post to his 28,000 fans, Dawson shared a selection of photos from The Last Kingdom - both in character as Alfred as well as images with his co-stars behind-the-scenes. He captioned the post: “The Last Kingdom was an experience I will treasure forever. I made friends for life and worked with the most extraordinary talent both on-screen and off. “Thank you sincerely to all you legendary Arselings and Heathens who have supported TLK over its 5 seasons and the movie yet to come. I shall forever miss Lord Uhtred’s childish insolence. Alfred Rex.” Even though Dawson bowed out from The Last Kingdom after his sickly character died from an unknown illness, there has been speculation the character could return in flashbacks in the upcoming film Seven Kings Must Die. The rumour mill is likely to have been sent spinning further after Dawson shared a photo with his co-star Eliza Butterworth, who portrayed Alfred’s wife Aelswith back in April. DON'T MISS...What was the inspiration for Skade? [INSIGHT]Who is Skade? Why is she important? [ANLYSIS]The Last Kingdom: Did King Alfred really hate Uhtred? [EXPLAINER] Butterworth responded under the post, commenting: “love you so much my Kingy!!! [sic].” Sadly, there’s been no confirmation of whether Dawson will be reprising his role in a flashback or dream sequence. Speaking to BBC America back in 2015, Dawson reflected on his prior knowledge about King Alfred: “I didn’t know a lot, but I am a real lover of history and I love research. “You picture Alfred as this heroic warrior king, but then you realize [sic] that in our story, he's far more thoughtful, frail, sickly, quiet, pensive, and calculating. That was what really drew me to the part. “In a world full of brave warriors, this thin little pale man may not have had the clout physically, but he was the cleverest man in any room.” Dawson described Alfred and Uhtred as “complete opposites” and both characters wanted “what the other has”. He also said there was a “bit of a love story” between the two characters along with conflict as each tried to survive in this brutal world. Since leaving The Last Kingdom, Dawson has gone on to star in the Channel 4 comedy The Year of the Rabbit and movie All the Old Knives. He will next be appearing in film My Policeman, which has been completed according to IMDb. The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix Seven Kings Must Die will be released in 2023