Anyone can lose hair on their head, and it can occur for a number of reasons. However, balding is more common in men as the result of hereditary factors or simply as a normal part of ageing. Hereditary hair loss with age is the most common cause of baldness, according to Mayo Clinic. Although baldness is something that can not be reversed, according to Dr Earim Chaudry, medical director of men’s health platform Manual, certain lifestyle changes may help to "slow down the process" depending on the root cause of hair loss. Dr Chaudry previously told Express.co.uk: "Like your body, your hair depends on the intake of nutrients to maintain its health. "As your hair is made of protein, making sure you have enough protein in your diet is the first step to preventing your hair from becoming thin and brittle. "In fact, it has been proven that a lack of protein in your diet can restrict hair growth and - more alarmingly - contribute to hair loss." As a result, there are some common foods that are detrimental to your hair, as well as your overall health, if eaten in abundance. READ MORE: Cancer: The drink that may raise your risk of cancer ‘by 70% or more’ Dr Chaudry explained: "Unsurprisingly, many junk foods can be detrimental to hair health and can potentially lead to hair loss. "An example of these are refined carbohydrates, which include breads, pastas, pizza and cakes. "These foods block your defences against stress, and if you’re already facing hair loss due to stress, it may be time to limit consumption." Greasy food and carbonated beverages are also ones to "avoid" drinking too regularly. Dr Chaudry said: "If you are currently experiencing hair loss and want to change your diet, the first thing to do is to be aware of the foods that contribute to hair loss and either eliminate or cut down on the consumption of these foods." DON'T MISSHigh cholesterol: The food that can 'remove bad cholesterol’ [COMMENT]Covid symptoms: Three tell-tale signs in your tummy [REVEALED]Vitamin D deficiency: 'Difficulty' getting up stairs could be a sign [INSIGHT] The men's health expert revealed that some shampoos could actually be doing more harm than good when it comes to hair loss. He said: "When it comes to washing hair, make sure to wash it with shampoo that is free from sulphates, parabens and mineral oils, as these ingredients will prevent hair loss. "Also, by washing your hair with mild shampoos, you are keeping the scalp clean and lowering the risk of infections such as folliculitis that may result in hair breakage or loss. " Some hair styling methods could have a harsher impact on weak hair follicles. Dr Chaudry explained: "As well as this if you are a man with longer hair, be attentive to the way in which you style your hair. "Hairstyles such as ponytails and braids tend to pull hair or tug hair follicles, which could eventually lead to patches or even baldness. "Also, regularly using tools such as blow dryers and straighteners can cause thermal damage to your hair. "In the long run, this will lead to breakage and result in hair loss.” 