Selling Sunset follows the personal and professional lives of The Oppenheim Group's stylish real estate agents and the beautiful house that are on the market. With stars such as Christine Quinn, Chrishell Stause and Mary Fitzgerald, the Netflix reality series is never short of any drama and subscribers are eager for more. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about what's in store for Selling Sunset fans. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Selling Sunset. Selling Sunset was last seen in April 2022 when season five of the hit series came out in full force on Netflix. While it may have been just a couple of months since its return, viewers have been missing the sun-kissed hit show and its fabulous cast. But there is no need to panic as Netflix has already confirmed this isn't the end just yet. Selling Sunset will be returning for season six and work on the series will soon begin. READ MORE: 'That hurt!' David Tennant's wife Georgia on surviving cancer Netflix revealed that production on season six is going to start in the summer which could be anytime from next month onwards. This wasn't the only good news as it was a double renewal, confirming both series six and seven will be on the way. Taking to Twitter for the announcement, the streaming service said: "BREAKING: Selling Sunset has been renewed for a sixth *and* the seventh season! Production will start this summer." In response, one fan commented: "Netflix providing the serotonin I need," while another simply said: "I CAN'T WAIT." There are going to be some changes when Selling Sunset does return for its latest series. Maya Vander has reportedly quit the reality series after she suffered a miscarriage at 10 weeks. Her tragic loss came just months after a stillbirth and it is believed she will be taking time away from the cameras to focus on her family and business in Miami. The drama queen herself Christine Quinn has also left The Oppenheim Group since season five. DON'T MISS...Better Call Saul’s Rhea Seehorn opens up on ‘troubles’ with new role [CAST]A Place in the Sun fans slam pair for rejecting 'dream' Danni find [REACTION]Selling Sunset fans in meltdown as season 6 and 7 confirmed [UPDATE] After the eruptive reunion in series five, Jason Oppenheim confirmed that Christine no longer "has a place" at his company. Christine went on to reveal that she and her husband Christian Richard have set up their own business. This doesn't mean she isn't going to be in Selling Sunset's next series though. Christine has reassured her fans, stating that she will be returning but will have to be "creative" about how she makes a comeback. So far, there has been no talk of a release date for season six of Selling Sunset. Typically, a new series comes out every few months with two batches of episodes per year. If production is almost ready to begin on the next series, there shouldn't be too long to wait. Selling Sunset is available to watch on Netflix.