The massive stingray took around a dozen men to haul to shore in the Mekong river. The female turned out to be almost four metres long - more than twice the length of an average human. Dr Zeb Hogan, who leads Wonders of the Mekong conservation project, said: “Yeah, when you see a fish this size, especially in freshwater, it is hard to comprehend, so I think all of our team was stunned." The monster catch surpassed the previous record holder which was a 293kg (646lb) Mekong giant catfish reeled in Thailand in 2005. The stingray was released back into the river after being electronically tagged for researchers to monitor her movement. Dr Hogan said: "In 20 years of researching giant fish in rivers and lakes on six continents, this is the largest freshwater fish that we've encountered or that's been documented anywhere worldwide. "Finding and documenting this fish is remarkable, and a rare positive sign of hope, even more so because it occurred in the Mekong, a river that's currently facing many challenges." A local fishermen on Koh Preah island called researchers on the night of June 13 to say he had caught a "very big" stingray. Dr Hogan said: "The stingray find is evidence that the natural world can still yield new and extraordinary discoveries, and that many of the largest aquatic creatures remain woefully understudied." The giant freshwater stingray is an endangered species. It comes after the team reeled in a second giant stingray in May weighing 181kg. Dr Hogan said: "When record fish are found, it means the aquatic environment is still relatively healthy. "This is in contrast to what we've seen in places like the Yantgze River, where scientists reported the extinction of the Chinese paddlefish. "The Mekong's deep pools sustain life far beyond these impressive giants. "Spawning in this critical habitat produces billions of fish every year which ensure the food security and livelihoods for millions of people in Cambodia and Vietnam." The Mekong runs from the Tibetan Plateau through China, Myanmar, Thailand, Laos, Cambodia and Vietnam. The river which flows through six countries is rich in biodiversity. But overfishing, pollution, dams and climate change threaten its ecosystem. 