Princess Eugenie, 32, shared several photos and videos on her official Instagram account as celebrations to mark the Queen's 70th year on the throne drew to a close yesterday. Eugenie was joined by husband Jack Brooksbank, 36, and the couple's one-year-old son August. August was welcomed to the Royal Family on February 9, 2021 at the Portland Hospital in London. August's outing, which saw him wear a pale blue jumper with a Union flag emblazoned across the front, was his first official royal engagement. In her post, Prince Andrew's younger daughter said: “The Platinum Jubilee Pageant was just incredible. “To all the people that took part, organised it, made it flawless for us all watching, THANK YOU. You made us all so proud.” JUST IN: Prince Charles pays tribute to 'much missed' Prince Philip at Platinum Jubilee concert Fans of the Firm were left fawning with adoration for the couple and their child. The post received more than 150,000 likes and over 2,500 users took to the comment section to send heartfelt messages to the trio. @peterhubertwillems said: “Ah, look at Augie waving!” @melkathryn74 added: “Beautiful. Thank you for sharing your little boy with us. He is adorable.” READ MORE: 'Disrespectful!' BBC apologises after Irish tricolour flies at Platinum Jubilee concert @meinirann wrote: “Awww, little August is the image of [his] mummy.” Celebrations to mark the 96-year-old monarch's Platinum Jubilee drew to a close yesterday following the Pageant outside Buckingham Palace. Following the event, the Queen thanked Brits for the four-days of festivities. Her Majesty said: “When it comes to how to mark seventy years as your Queen, there is no guidebook to follow. DON'T MISS: Jubilee LIVE: Meghan and Harry missing AGAIN as Sussexes absent [LIVE] POLL: Would you like to see more of Meghan and Harry after Jubilee? [VOTE] Fury at Harry and Meghan for keeping their children away [REACTION] “It really is a first. But I have been humbled and deeply touched that so many people have taken to the streets to celebrate my Platinum Jubilee. “While I may not have attended every event in person, my heart has been with you all; and I remain committed to serving you to the best of my ability, supported by my family. “I have been inspired by the kindness, joy and kinship that has been so evident in recent days, and I hope this renewed sense of togetherness will be felt for many years to come. “I thank you most sincerely for your good wishes and for the part you have all played in these happy celebrations.”