Ajax forward Antony has already waxed lyrical over Erik ten Hag's training methods amid reports linking him with a move to Manchester United in the not-too-distant future. The Red Devils are said to have identified Antony as one of their summer targets after excelling under Ten Hag's guidance in the Dutch capital, with the 52-year-old looking to improve his attacking ranks in advance of the new campaign. Antony is one of several players who have previously worked under Ten Hag to have been linked with United over the last few months, with the likes of Matthijs de Ligt and Jurrien Timber also being mentioned in connection with moves to Old Trafford as of late. The former has made no secret of his admiration for Ten Hag and previously spoke highly of his ability to improve players on the training ground when quizzed on the newly-appointed United boss earlier this year."Every player under his guidance becomes a better footballer through his training," Antony told Dutch newspaper De Telegraaf, as reported by the Manchester Evening News."Since my arrival, he has given me a lot of confidence and believed in what I can do. I am grateful to him for that. I respect him very much." JUST IN: Erik ten Hag's transfer priority proves Ferdinand was right on Man Utd Antony's view on Ten Hag bears plenty of similarities to that of De Ligt, who formed a crucial part of the Ajax side that reached the Champions League semi-finals back in 2019 before joining Juventus that summer. The Dutch centre-back also pointed out Ten Hag's knack of making players better under his management while on international duty with the Netherlands earlier this week."He [Ten Hag] is someone who loves his job and he loves to work, he wants to do everything to make his team play better," said De Ligt."He's really into the details, this makes him a really good trainer who improves players. He has a lot of qualities to succeed and we will have to see how he goes." United are also said to be chasing a move for Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong in order to shore up their ranks in the engine room ahead of next season. De Ligt refused to give much away when quizzed on whether his international team-mate could soon be joining the Red Devils, though, but suggested that he would be a hugely important addition if he can be snapped up over the coming weeks and months."He’s an amazing player and everybody knows how important he is for the team, but he’s not said anything [about a move to United]," added De Ligt.Meanwhile, it remains to be seen whether Ten Hag will be able to improve United's on-pitch fortunes when the new Premier League season gets underway in early August. The former Ajax boss is reportedly aiming to rebuild the club's playing squad over the course of the summer transfer window, with improvements in midfield and the addition of at least one new forward said to be among his top priorities. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here