Queen Maxima of the Netherlands, 51, and King Willem-Alexander, 55, are visiting Vienna today in Austria for a three-day visit. The royal couple met President Alexander van der Bellen and First Lady Doris Schmidauer at Hofburg Palace. The Dutch Queen looked vivacious as she arrived in Vienna today in her all-red look and her finest pearls.  Máxima and Doris’ outfits together form the colours of Austria’s flag, red and white. This is because the First Lady wore a long white dress. The Dutch Queen, however, wore head-to-toe crimson, pairing her fitted midi dress with an equally bright poncho and broad-brimmed hat. She appeared to be wearing her Natan Jamba half-long draped silk-crepe dress, which she was last seen wearing in 2016. It is unclear how much the dress cost at the time. Maxima paired this cape dress with a pair of Gianvito Rossi red suede and PVC Plexi Pumps that are currently on sale for £200. READ MORE: 'Love their looks!' Dutch Princesses wow in mother's clothes  These suede red stiletto heels have a PVC material around the top edges of the shoes for maximum comfort. Her straight red dress had an integrated cape that covered her chest and draped down her back. The Queen paired her outfit with a matching leather handbag and a pair of ruby red gloves. She also completed the look with a sun hat that matched the red hue of her dress.  Maxima added some bling to the red outfit with a stunning pair of pearl earrings and a brooch pinned to the front of her dress. She paired it with a large, beaded bracelet on her right hand and a watch on her left. Maxima’s blonde locks were styled in a sleek bun that tucked under her hat, with just two strands framing the side of her face. The mother-of-three wore natural, summery makeup with a touch of bronzer.  READ MORE: Dutch Princess Catharina wears her mother’s 'sentimental' tiara This added some definition to her sun-kissed glow, with nude lipstick and sculpted eyebrows. Meanwhile, the King looked dapper in a navy blue suit, which he paired with a red and white tie. The colours of Willem-Alexander's tie were also a nod to Austria’s flag. The Queen donned her stylish look to review the honour guard while visiting the Imperial Palace this morning. The visit, which will last until Wednesday, is intended to strengthen the bond between the two nations. Royal fans took to social media to praise Queen Maxima’s red outfit.  Twitter user @sausageman71 said: “Maxima looks vivacious - stylish as always.” Another fan, @empressofHaB added: “Her dress is fabulous, and the colour.” Similarly, @VickyNay1 wrote: “They are really just a gorgeous couple!” Twitter account @MandiSchu84 commented: “Now that’s how you wear a cape!! Love HM Queen Maxima!” Finally, @Majjdda1 said: “Queen Máxima of the Netherlands is a really beautiful woman. She looks stunning.” 