  Gemma Atkinson, 37, hit back at trolls on Instagram today, sharing screenshots of some nasty comments they had made about her fitness regime. Some of the trolls suggested Gemma keeps fit for the benefit of her fiancé Gorka Márquez, 31, who is a star on Strictly Come Dancing.      Gemma took to Instagram to address the scathing and sometimes misogynistic comments with her 1.8 million followers. The star shared three examples of trolling, with the names of the Instagram users blurred out to protect their identities. “We seem to have gone back a few decades,” Gemma wrote with a facepalm emoji. “Note to anyone starting out with a training/health regime. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson skewers Lenny Henry’s Glastonbury diversity comments     “Doing it for anyone but yourself is a set up for failure. “Do it for YOU! YOU deserve to feel YOUR best. “Shut out the noise and crack on,” she concluded with a flexed bicep emoji. The comments Gemma then chose to include referred to her fitness regime, with two insinuating she was keeping fit for her partner.      “Her bloke will cheat on her if she stops training!” one user said. “Starting to look too muscley,” added another. One more wrote: “Love it… But is all this to keep Gorka??” Gemma often keeps her followers up to date with her various workouts and has even released a couple of fitness books. READ MORE... Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux  [UPDATE] Johnny Depp warns fans to 'remain cautious' after Amber Heard trial [LATEST] Victoria Beckham sends warning to David amid time away on Father's Day [NEWS]      The star therefore made it clear that fitness was very much her own passion, just as much as dancing is Gorka’s. Gemma and Gorka met through Strictly back in 2017 when the soap star was competing alongside Aljaž Škorjanec, 32, who announced his exit from Strictly earlier this year. The Hits Radio presenter got engaged last year when the dancing pro got down on one knee for Valentine’s Day. Their two-year-old daughter Mia was born the year before on July 4, 2019.      Gemma is most famous for her soap roles, having played Lisa Hunter in Hollyoaks between 2001 and 2005, Tamzin Bayle in Casualty (2011-2014) and Carly Hope in Emmerdale (2015-2017). Now, the former glamour model presents the drive time slot across the Hits Radio Network with Mike Toolan. Gorka recently revealed he had been forced to pull out of the latest Strictly Come Dancing tour due to a “painful” injury. However, the star assured fans that he was resting up in order to return to the main show this Autumn.   