Liverpool are reportedly set to send Nat Phillips out on loan next season, instead of selling him as previously planned. Phillips spent the second-half of last term on loan at Championship Bournemouth, impressing as they won promotion to the Premier League. But with Virgil van Dijk, Ibrahima Konate and Joel Matip all ahead of him in the pecking order at Anfield, it was expected that he would be sold this summer. According to The Mirror though, Jurgen Klopp is set to make a U-turn on that position and instead send him out on another loan to Bournemouth. His performances for the Cherries have 'prompted a rethink' over his future, both in the short and long term. It is stated that Klopp now views Phillips as a long-term replacement for Matip, with the Cameroon international having entered the final two years of his deal. In a bid for Phillips to gain further top-flight experience, the Reds are 'weighing up' sending him back to the Vitality Stadium. The Englishman is said to have 'settled' on the South Coast, with Bournemouth paying a loan fee to bring him back to the club. READ MORE: Liverpool target Darwin Nunez omitted from Uruguay squad ahead of deal Phillips still has three years left to run on his contract at Liverpool, putting him in the perfect place to one day take Matip's role in Klopp's squad. And the defender himself has expressed his pleasure at playing for the promotion-winning Cherries. "I’ve enjoyed every minute of it. I’ve said from the start when people have asked me about it, he’s very detailed and meticulous in the way that he plans games," he said of his spell playing under Scott Parker. DON'T MISS: Liverpool chiefs brand Chelsea transfer rumour 'nonsense' (NEWS)Liverpool hatch Darwin Nunez medical plan with £85m transfer 'agreed' (TRANSFERS)Liverpool 'make approach' as they seek to wrap up £6m signing (REPORTS) “The way that he sets his teams and the way that he approaches games are very clear in terms of the instructions that he gives us. Also, in the messages that he wants to deliver us and in the sessions that he puts on as well; they very much align with what we wanted to achieve. “I’ve enjoyed every minute of it and also the other side of the game, the more emotional aspect and that side of things, I feel like he’s good at tapping into that side of stuff. So, it’s been a pleasure to work under him.”