John R. Bryson, Professor of Enterprise and Economic Geography, Birmingham Business School, told Express.co.uk: “The Kremlin’s goal for its special military operation in Ukraine are unclear. The initial invasion was justified by Vladimir Putin’s belief that the Russians and the Ukrainians were one and the same people. “After the collapse of the USSR, Russian nation-building switched to a focus on forming a single Russian nation constructed around Russian language and culture.” President Putin has argued for many years that Ukraine is inextricably linked with Russia, and the two countries have undeniable historical ties that should make them united as one. While there are plenty of people in Ukraine who speak fluent Russian and have long standing relations or ties with the country, there are equally as many Ukrainians who do not feel the same way. Dr Bryson continues: “There are many parallels here with the German concept of lebensraum that was an ideological principal of Nazism. READ MORE: Nuclear bomb simulator: How many people a nuclear attack could kill “This concept also included a concern with ensuring all ethnic Germans were under the control of the Reich. Putin’s initial Ukrainian strategy had its roots in Nazism.” Moscow is continuing with its ‘special military operation’ regardless of some of the most aggressive sanctions ever and already huge losses, having changed strategy in recent weeks to focus only on key areas. Russian officials have said their forces are now fighting for the ‘complete liberation’ of the Donbas, which is Ukraine’s eastern region that has been embroiled in a separatist war since 2014. Russia now controls more than 90 percent of Luhansk, the easternmost region of the country, and has made significant advances in Donetsk since the invasion began on February 24. Dr Bryson argued that President Putin’s old fashioned obsession with capturing territory - based on purely ideological means - was doomed to ensure Russia remained an international outlier for generations to come. He continued: “A concern with capturing territory represents a very nineteenth century approach to geopolitics. “It is important to reflect on the importance of both territory and hierarchy. “Hierarchy has become much more important than territory as a country’s status is defined by the role it plays in global flows of people, knowledge, expertise, money, high-tech components, and raw materials. DON'T MISSPutin’s ‘carefully curated’ nuclear weapon propaganda torn apart [ANALYSIS]Putin devastated: Entire battalion of paratroopers annihilated [REPORT]Putin's puppet claims World War Three has begun [INSIGHT] “Putin’s illegal war has successfully severed Russia from these flows. “One consequence is that Russia will never regain its former position within the hierarchy of global networks. “Being a superpower in 2022 is no longer about military capability, or territory, but is all about being able to influence global economic, financial and knowledge flows.” President Putin is particularly wary of existential threats to Russia. A known fanatic of the Soviet Union, President Putin was a KGB officer when the longstanding union came to an end following the Cold War. Since then, trust in Russia from the international stage has declined and its power over once bound together nations in the east of Europe has all but evaporated - leading to him taking countries by force in order to restore the USSR’s once enormous power. Dr Bryson continued: “The USSR liked to consider itself to be a superpower and Putin wants Russia to reclaim this status. “However, he has failed in this ambition. Russia is now an isolated state. “Unfortunately for Putin, it is now impossible for Russia to re-establish and enhance its role in global flows. “The only way Putin can claim success for his Ukrainian war is through the acquisition of territory. “Nevertheless, every square metre of Ukrainian territory that Russia captures contributes to the country’s failure in global networks.”