EasyJet has been forced to cancel hundreds of flights to and from the UK recently, leaving thousands of passengers delayed or unable to travel. While the airline had blamed insufficient staffing levels and an exacerbated volume of passengers for the disruption, there are no signs of the issues having been solved since the end of the half term break. So, is easyJet still cancelling flights? Here’s what you need to know before travelling. According to aviation data firm Cirium, 305 flights departing the UK were cancelled out of a total of 10,662 scheduled flights over the Platinum Jubilee weekend. Despite the added pressure of the bank holiday and half-term break now being over, it seems that easyJet customers are still being affected by staff shortages. In fact, the budget airline has cancelled a further 10 flights this evening, leaving even more passengers unable to fly. READ MORE: Spain holidays: Cruise ships to face extra tourist tax The flights which were all scheduled to fly to and from London Gatwick have been grounded at the last minute. According to the publication, passengers booked on to five of the departures were given as little as one hour’s notice. These include flights from London Gatwick to Belfast City, the Isle of Man, Kos, Lanzarote and Montpellier. Rolling air traffic control delays at Gatwick are thought to be the main reason for the cancellations, though the issue has been exacerbated by staff shortages at the airline. Disappointed passengers have been reaching out to easyJet on Twitter to find out why their flights are still being cancelled, though many are waiting a long time for a response. While replying to one customer earlier today on the social media site, the airline said that they are “disheartened with the current situation”, while reassuring the customer that cancelling a flight is always the “last resort”. EasyJet added that they are trying to fix the problems, though it is unclear how soon that will be. The latest cancellations take the number of easyJet flights grounded to and from Gatwick on Monday, June 6 to 40, representing at least 6,000 passengers. DON'T MISS:easyJet cancels 80 more flights as travel mayhem continues [LATEST]Grant Shapps slaps down BBC host over airport staffing Brexit probe [INSIGHT]Travel chaos: Passenger rights for cancelled flights and compensation [REVEAL] Latest reports from the Independent have found that at least 20 destinations are included in the list of easyJet cancellations made to and from Gatwick airport today. These include: The airline's flight tracker tool is the best way to keep an eye on the status of your flight before your planned departure date. You can access the tool here, all you need to do is enter the appropriate flight number. For last minute cancellations, the airline has recommended that customers use the easyJet ‘Contact and Help page on their website. Through this site, passengers can manage disruption to flights using the ‘Manage Disruption’ tool found in the ‘Manage Bookings’ section. This can also be done using the flight tracker.