Liverpool are understood to be confident that they can land Jude Bellingham next summer as Manchester City edge closer to completing a deal for Leeds United enforcer Kalvin Phillips. Anfield bosses are said to feel increasingly optimistic that they will be in pole position to seal a deal for the Borussia Dortmund star this time next year as main rivals City will find themselves well-stocked in midfield.   Jurgen Klopp is understood to have concluded his transfer business this summer having moved swiftly to sign Fabio Carvalho, Calvin Ramsay and Darwin Nunez. Despite the Reds being expected to reinforce in midfield this summer, the German is thought to have shelved such plans until 2023. Having missed out on top target Aurelien Tchouameni to Real Madrid in the current window, Liverpool's full focus is expected to be turned to Dortmund's Bellingham next summer, and it seems the Reds are confident they are best-placed to sign the talented teenager. According to the Sun, Anfield bosses are highly optimistic they will win the race for the 18-year-old's sought-after signature, especially following City's transfer activity in the current window. The Premier League champions are closing in on the capture of Leeds midfielder Phillips, amid reports City have agreed a deal worth £42million plus £3m in add-ons for the 26-year-old's services. Pep Guardiola's team are also expected to tie Rodri down to a new deal in the coming months, which will likely leave them well-resourced in the centre of the park. JUST IN: Chelsea poised for shock Cristiano Ronaldo swoop  Liverpool will therefore be viewed as the stand-out destination among Bellingham's Premier League suitors next summer. The England international's current club Dortmund have already outlined their intention to retain Bellingham's services in the current window having allowed Erling Haaland to depart in a high-profile transfer to City. The expectation is that the Bundesliga outfit will be more inclined to relinquish Bellingham in 12 months' time when the former Birmingham City academy graduate is another year into his current Dortmund contract, which expires in the summer of 2025. City are understood to be monitoring the highly-rated midfielder, but their capture of Phillips is likely to see them forgo a move for Bellingham in the near future. READ MORE: Glazers face fresh Man Utd anger with protest at Ten Hag's first game  Speaking to The Times, Bellingham, who left his beloved Blues for Dortmund in a £25m deal back in the summer of 2020, recently refused to be drawn to speculation regarding his future, insisting his development as a player remains his primary focus. He said: "You kind of make it up as you go along. I’m in control of my own destiny, I suppose, and my own development if I put the work in." With Klopp having concluded his summer shopping spree, as it stands, Liverpool will enter next season with Fabinho, Thiago, Jordan Henderson, James Milner, Naby Keita, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Curtis Jones and Harvey Elliot as the club's central midfield options. The Reds are thought to lack a young, dynamic, all-action presence in the heart of midfield, but it seems Bellingham has been identified as the man to fill that void next summer.  