Manchester United are set to appoint the brother of former academy graduate and Everton defender Michael Keane as their new transfer negotiator, according to reports. Tom Keane will replace Matt Judge as a key club consultant from next month amid sweeping changes to the Old Trafford hierarchy. But the news comes amid reports that star player Cristiano Ronaldo wants to leave the Red Devils amid growing concern over the slow speed of the rebuild being undertaken this summer. A publication from Ronaldo’s homeland of Portugal claimed on Thursday that the iconic forward had informed his close circle of his desire to leave United. United are undergoing a major overhaul this summer both behind the scenes and on the pitch. New boss Erik ten Hag requires several signings to ensure he can build on an incredibly dismal campaign last term. Many changes have been made to the club’s hierarchy, including the exit of previous transfer negotiator Judge. According to the Daily Mail, top solicitor Tom Keane will start in a similar role from next month. JUST IN: Barca plan to 'reinvest' De Jong fee in deal that would help Liverpool  Keane - the brother of former Red Devils and England centre-back Michael - is from legal firm Brandsmiths. He will take on some of the brief vacated by Judge, who has handed in his resignation. Brandsmiths’ profile for Keane describes him as having vast experience in the sporting industry and as having become a trusted advisor and representative for some top players, managers and pundits. He has dealt with transfers, contracts and endorsement agreements. DON'T MISS...Man Utd set maximum transfer budget for Ten Hag as ‘3 deals accepted'Man Utd face Tyrell Malacia transfer hijack for defender as Lyon bidPhillips urged to snub Man City and make controversial move to Man Utd Keane will need to get to work quickly as frustration is apparently boiling over at Old Trafford over the speed of the club’s summer transfer activity. According to the Portuguese publication Record, forward Ronaldo is considering quitting just a year after rejoining the Premier League giants. The 37-year-old is concerned by the lack of signings when so many are required for United to close the gap on Liverpool and Manchester City next season. Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong has been earmarked as Ten Hag’s flagship purchase and United are prioritising thrashing out a deal with the La Liga club over completing other signings. Reported target Vitinha is close to moving to Paris Saint Germain from Porto, with United losing the race to sign the Portuguese midfielder who spent a season on loan at Wolves in 2020-21. Meanwhile, Express Sport understands that Crystal Palace will beat United to the acquisition of the highly-rated Derby County winger Malcolm Ebiowei, who is available in return for a compensation package as his contract expires at the end of June. 