Friday is forecast to be the hottest day of the year so far as the mercury is predicted to soar to as high as 34C in London and the southeast. However, the weather is set to sharply turn by the weekend as a rain band gradually moves south across the country.  The Met Office predicts for Friday: “Outbreaks of rain moving south eastwards across Scotland and Northern Ireland, reaching northern England and north Wales later. “Sunny and hot elsewhere; very hot in the southeast.” The outlook for the weekend states: “Rain band sinking south, much fresher weather following. “Remaining warm ahead with risk of thundery showers in the south.  “Windy with showers in the northwest at times. Fine and dry elsewhere.” There is likely to be a split between the north and the south, as the warmer weather continues in the south while rain and cooler temperatures set in in the north. Temperatures are also expected to drop on Sunday down to the mid to high teens.  READ MORE: Taxi scam in Europe warning - ‘do not trust’ Looking ahead to next week conditions are set to be cooler with a greater chance of showers, although there will still be some sunshine. The Met Office says: “Throughout much of this period, most areas could experience dry conditions with occasional bright spells and some sunshine. “There is a risk of showers, thundery at times, in the south, where it is more likely to be cloudier than elsewhere, however these areas are still expected to receive some sunny spells. DON'T MISS:Royal Ascot strict dress code ‘relaxed’ as extreme heat moves in [LATEST]Putin offensive rocked as chopper shot out of the sky [INSIGHT]Putin mortified as UK 'highly likely' to send troops to NATO task forc [REVEAL]  “The north also has a risk of longer spells of rain at times, which may spread to most areas through the middle of the period. “Temperatures around normal, perhaps slightly warmer further south and cooler in the north with the chance of some stronger winds here.” June has been a particularly hot month so far, however, the hottest June day on record in the UK was June 28 1976, when a high of 35.6C was recorded in Southampton. 