Man Vs Bee is coming to Netflix on June 24 and the comedy TV series follows housesitter Trevor who finds himself in a battle with a bee. The show marks Mr Bean star Rowan Atkinson's first visual comedy role in a long time. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast. Trevor is lodging at an elegant mansion when he finds himself in an ongoing battle with a bee. Rowan Atkinson plays Trevor who, following a marriage breakdown, has taken a job as a housesitter. Fans of Mr Bean may notice some similarities between him and Trevor, but Atkinson, 67, says Trevor is more gentle and sincere. He said: "To play a genuinely good-natured, sweet character is quite rare for me because Mr Bean certainly isn’t, Johnny English isn’t – he’s another sort of self-consumed weirdo. “I’ve always been inspired by visual comedians, and particularly by a French comedian called Jacques Tati." READ MORE: Monty Don stuns fans as he announces change to Gardeners' World Nina is the owner of the luxurious mansion and she is played by Jing Lusi. Jing, 37, is a British actress best known for her roles in Stan Lee's Lucky Man, Crazy Rich Asians and Gangs of London. She was born in Shanghai and moved with her parents to the UK when she was five. Fans may also recognise her from The Feed and Holby City, in which she played Dr Tara Lo-Valentine. Claudie Blakley's character has just come out of a turbulent relationship with Trevor. The 48-year-old actress is known for her roles in Manhunt, Flesh and Blood and Lark Rise to Candleford. Her other notable credits include Playing the Field and the 2005 version of Pride and Prejudice. She took her daughter to the premiere of Man Vs Bee and the pair posed alongside Atkinson. The star said: "Proud to take my daughter to an event! MAN vs BEE coming to NETFLIX Friday June 24." DON'T MISS... The One Show blasted by viewers for 'wasted' Rowan Atkinson interview [DISCUSSION] Rowan Atkinson savages iconic Mr Bean role 'Nasty piece of work' [INTERVIEW] Rowan Atkinson fans the flames of cancel culture row [INSIGHT] Trevor finds himself in all sorts of trouble and Tom Basden plays the police officer in the series. Tom is a 42-year-old actor and comedy writer known for being a member of the sketch group Cowards. His credits include Plebs, After Life and Quacks.  The gardener is played by Greg McHugh, a 42-year-old Scottish actor and writer. He is the mastermind behind the BBC One comedy series, Gary: Tank Commander. Fans may also recognise him as Howard in Channel 4's Fresh Meat. Christian is Nina's husband in the series and he is played by Julian Rhind-Tutt. The 54-year-old actor is also a producer and narrator who is known for playing Dr "Mac" Macartney in Green Wing. His other credits include Keen Eddie, Bridget Jones's Baby and Britannia.  Not much is known about Maddy at this time but she is played by India Fowler. India is an actress known for playing a young Zoe Walker in White Lines. She also starred as Ellen Mason in the series Safe.  Man Vs Bee airs on Netflix on July 24