Boris Johnson survived a vote of no-confidence on Monday but now has to press forward after 148 Tory MPs failed to back him. On BBC Breakfast, Angela Rayner hit out at the Prime Minister over Partygate but was shut down by host Jon Kay who pointed out the investigation into Labour Party’s Beergate was yet to be concluded. Kay asked whether it was time to put Partygate to one side and move forward. “Is there a danger that you are misreading public mood this morning?” Rayner vented: “Well there are many more in the public who won’t move on because they lost relatives, they followed the rules and they feel the hypocrisy of the Prime Minister who set out the rules, breaking the rules. “Not just once but multiple times where he attended gatherings.” Read more: Kate Garraway praises sense of hope from Jubilee  “Number 10 [has] the most fixed penalty notices than any other household or other building within the whole country it’s shambolic he thinks he can carry on,” she continued. “But of course, the cost of living crisis is a significant issue for our country and because the Prime Minister has spent all of this time trying to defend his actions that are indefensible he’s done nothing to deal with the cost of living crisis, the NHS crisis we find with waiting lists, the problems we face in this country at the moment, the chaos in travel. “The Prime Minister has done nothing to alleviate that because he’s been too busy navel-gazing trying to save himself.” He remarked: “The problem you and Keir Starmer have is there are questions over Beergate. “It’s hard for you to come out and talk about Boris Johnson’s position because at least that has been sorted out for now you’re still under a cloud of investigation. “Where does that stand at the moment? Do you have any timings of when you’ll get some sort of resolution?” The Labour deputy leader hit back: “We don’t have timings on that but me and Keir have been very clear and here’s the difference. “If it was myself or Keir as Prime Minister then we would have resigned by now. DON'T MISSBBC Breakfast ‘lining up GB News host’ as Dan Walker replacement [INSIGHT]BBC host leaves Javid stumbling in defence of Boris after boos [VIDEO]Naga Munchetty's appearance mocked by BBC co-star 'What is that?' [INSIGHT] “We made it absolutely clear we didn’t break any rules, we’re happy to correspond with the police over their investigation and we said if we did break rules unintentionally then we would resign. “We think that is absolutely fundamental to the British people, integrity matters.” BBC Breakfast viewers agreed with Kay as they questioned Rayner’s “integrity”. “Love waking up, putting @BBCBreakfast on and Angela Rayner prattling on about Boris Johnson,” @Bayla08 quipped. @Smoni98 skewered: “Rayner talking about integrity, the hypocrite #BBCBreakfast.” @LadyBoudica vented: “Rayner on #BBCBreakfast spouting on about integrity !” However, @LinleyGma disagreed: “@BBCBreakfast love when you interview Angela Raynor she gives it you back you ain't interviewing no melt of a tory who read from Boris's script for a little back hander. Listen to @DominicRaab carefully when you interview him.” (sic) BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily at 6am.