Manchester United star Marcus Rashford wants to play under the left wing under Erik ten Hag, according to reports. The England international toiled last term, netting just four Premier League goals under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. But he’s working hard to try and turn things around as he seeks an improved campaign at Old Trafford. Manchester United have, for years, been hoping Rashford will realise his potential. And though he did well under Solskjaer for two years, the England international suffered an alarming dip in form last term. There’s been talk of a move away from Old Trafford for Rashford, with the likes of Arsenal, Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain all emerging as potential suitors. But he’s now primed to stay and play under Ten Hag, with Goal saying he wants to get back into the team on the left wing. Rashford, when he burst onto the scene under Louis van Gaal in 2016, was initially deployed down the middle. That saw Anthony Martial moved to the wing, with Rashford proceeding to score eight goals as the Red Devils won the FA Cup by beating Crystal Palace in the final. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer Under Jose Mourinho, however, Rashford was moved to the flanks. The current Roma boss instead preferred to pick the likes of Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Romelu Lukaku as his central strikers during his own reign. And Rashford has remained as a winger ever since, with Solskjaer regularly using him in his preferred position during his time in the dugout. When it comes to getting in on the left wing, however, Rashford faces a battle. Anthony Elanga did well there under Rangnick last term, with the Sweden international becoming an undroppable asset towards the end of the season. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links Jadon Sancho also likes to play there, spending more time on the left than the right following his arrival from Borussia Dortmund last summer. And Martial could be an option there, too, though the France international’s long-term future is up in the air. Rashford has 12 months left on his United contract. And it’s unclear whether he’ll hang around, especially if he struggles to win Ten Hag round. Both Rashford and Sancho were both recently left out of the England squad for their Nations League matches with Hungary, Germany and Italy. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And Three Lions boss Gareth Southgate has fired a warning to the pair, insisting they must work hard to get into his squad. “We’ve only got one [United player] with us,” he said. “They've got a lot to do to get back in the squad.” Meanwhile, speaking recently, Louis Saha had some unorthodox advice for Rashford. He urged the England international to go on holiday to get his head right - and recommended Las Vegas. "I think he needs to go on a holiday, have a Las Vegas trip and enjoy himself as much as he can!” he stated. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “He should not be dropping in confidence at all. "This guy is an amazing player, for me, he just needs a rest and some time to think about his career and what he wants next. “He has a massive future at United, yes he's struggling, but when you look at his potential and ability, it's nothing that dramatic that he can’t recover from. "He just needs to get back to where he was when he was 19, not overthinking, or thinking about his status. “Just work hard, play with a smile and everything will be fine. There is no one with his qualities, this guy has it all."