Microsoft has just announced its Surface Laptop Go 2, its cheapest first-party laptop that could turn the heads of Chromebook fans. The Redmond-based tech giant has today unveiled a new entry in its most affordable Surface laptop range, which comes fitted with an 11th Gen Intel Core chip and is loaded with Windows 11 as standard. Prices start from £529 for the device with pre-orders available today ahead of the upcoming June 7 release date. While this is more expensive than a budget Chromebook, it's more affordable than your typical Surface Laptop with other models having prices that start from £899 to £1,449. Microsoft does offer cheaper Surface devices, including the Surface Go – but instead of this being a fully-fledged laptop the Surface Go is a two-in-one hybrid tablet powered by the Windows 11 operating system. If you decide to get the newly released Surface Laptop Go 2 you'll get plenty of bang for your buck. Firstly, this Surface device comes fitted with a generous 12.4inch touchscreen - which offers an easy way to interact with things on your display, helping you save precious amounts of time during a session.  The Surface Laptop Go 2 will also easily last you a day's use on a single charge thanks to its 13 and a half hour battery life. While its light 1,127g frame means you can easily transport your laptop on the go without it weighing a tonne of bricks if you need to work while out and about. Besides its 11th Gen Intel Core i5 processor, the Surface Laptop Go 2 also comes with either 4GB or 8GB of RAM, 128GB or 256GB of storage as well of plenty of ports to hook up your accessories. In addition to a proprietary charging port and a 3.5mm headphone jack you'll also get a USB-A and USB-C port to use. Microsoft says the Surface Laptop Go 2 also offers a great typing experience, while you'll also get a fingerprint power button for added security, and a built-in HD camera and microphone for all your web conferencing needs.  Not only that, but having Windows 11 installed will offer you a much wider selection of apps and games you can load up onto your laptop over a Chromebook, as the Google OS powered device is limited in terms of the apps it can run. Chromebooks are not designed to run apps made for Windows or macOS natively, and while workarounds are in place the bulk of users will invariably be turning to the Play Store for all of their app needs. The Surface Laptop Go 2 comes in four different colour schemes - Sandstone, Ice Blue, Sage and Platinum. If you order from the Microsoft website you'll get free delivery in one to two working days, or next day delivery for £10. 