Cristiano Ronaldo recently had ‘positive’ talks with new Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag, it has been claimed. The Portugal international was a shining light under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term, netting 24 goals following his Hollywood homecoming from Juventus. And while there’s been talk of a departure, that’s unlikely to happen. Manchester United decided to land Ronaldo a year ago, at a time where the forward had previously looked set to join Manchester City. And while the Red Devils endured a horrendous season, failing to win a trophy and finishing sixth in the Premier League table, the 37-year-old delivered the goods by scoring 24 goals across all competitions. Recently, it was claimed by Italian media that Ronaldo had asked Jorge Mendes to secure him a move away from the Red Devils - with Jose Mourinho’s Roma linked. But Fabrizio Romano, writing for CaughtOffside, has claimed Ronaldo recently had ‘positive’ talks with Ten Hag and is set to stay at Old Trafford. “I don’t have any updates on Cristiano Ronaldo’s future as of today,” he said. “His salary is still huge for any Italian club and I am not aware of any negotiations to get Cristiano away from Manchester United. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez “Erik ten Hag has already had positive conversations with him, and at the moment AS Roma are very happy with Tammy Abraham as the star of the project in Jose Mourinho’s 3-4-2-1 formation.” Ronaldo is approaching the twilight years of his career. But the veteran is determined to stay at United to ensure his second spell at Old Trafford doesn’t end on a low note. That said, United do want a new striker to ease the goalscoring burden on the veteran as he approaches the twilight years of his career. Reports in Portugal have suggested they’re in for Porto star Evanilson, who scored 21 goals across all competitions last term. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen United have a good relationship with the Primeira Liga giants, having raided them for Diogo Dalot and Alex Telles in recent years. But if the Red Devils are unable to acquire a new centre-forward, it’s possible they’ll move for a winger instead. It’s been suggested they’re eyeing Leeds’ Raphinha, though the Brazil international still seems likelier to leave Elland Road for Barcelona instead. United are big admirers of Antony, despite Ajax making it clear they’d want huge money to let the Samba star leave. And a move for Christopher Nkunku can’t be ruled out, either, with Rangnick recommending the France international during his short spell in the Old Trafford dugout. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Ronaldo recently spoke out after it was confirmed Ten Hag would be the next manager of United. And he said: "I know that he has done a fantastic job at Ajax, and that he is an experienced coach. “But we have to give him time. "Things must change the way he wants. If he does well, all of Manchester United will be successful, so I wish him well. “We are all happy and excited, not only as players, but as fans as well. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “We have to believe that next year we can win titles." In May, after United beat Brentford 3-0 in their final home game of the season, Rangnick expressed a belief that Ronaldo would stay at the club. “I don’t think why it should be a wave of goodbye,” he said, referring to Ronaldo responding to fans after the game at Old Trafford. “He’s got another year of his contract, and as far as I know he will be here next season again.” Ronaldo will be hoping to fire United to trophies next term, with the Red Devils yet to win any silverware since 2017 - back when Mourinho was manager.