Spiralling costs have pushed oil prices up by 6p over the weekend as Britain was plunged into a new fuel price crisis. Unleaded now costs Britons 177.88p per litre on average, while super unleaded costs 189.62p and diesel 185.01p. Now drivers are being urged to use tools such as fuel calculators in order to get the most for their money and to bring down the frightening cost of motoring. Some are even considering ditching cars altogether. Keith Hawes, Director of Nationwide Vehicle Contracts, provided this advice for motorists: “Fuel prices are going to be unavoidable as both prices for petrol and diesel continue to hike, and with many of us using our cars daily for both longer drivers but also short distance drives, many drivers will be left out of pocket. “With the cost of living crisis worsening, it’s important that we all take measures to reduce any additional costs, from our food shops to our car costs. "Using these tips can really help drivers drive more economically and also not only help them save on fuel in the short term, but also introduce practices that can really help drivers in the long run, preventing bigger problems developing in the future.” READ MORE: 'This is madness': Drivers slam EU for 2035 petrol and diesel car ban 10 top tips for making fuel last longer Shop around to saveThe best advice to save on fuel is to shop around and to find the cheapest fuel rates in your areas.Usually, it’s cheaper to refuel at the big chain forecourts rather than smaller petrol stations as the larger chains benefit from being able to buy petrol and diesel in bulk and lower the price across all of their forecourts. Check your tyre pressureIt’s a good time to check your tyre pressure as a lower tyre pressure increases the drag on your car meaning your engine uses more fuel. DON'T MISS Drivers warned of 'key thing' when using common hypermiling methods [WARNING] Van shortages and record fuel prices could lead to higher costs [REVEAL] Drivers challenged to ditch their vehicles in July to help save planet [INSIGHT] Declutter to save fuelThe heavier your car is, the more fuel your engine has to use, so it’s a good time to declutter your boot to make your car as light as possible. Consider air-conAlthough sunlight can heat a car considerably, it’s best to turn off air conditioning when driving at lower speeds as it uses an incredible amount of fuel to operate. Only open windows at lower speedsWhen driving at lower speeds it’s cheaper for you to roll down the windows and turn the air conditioning off, but as soon as you meet the motorway, wind those windows up as the drag from the windows being open will consume your fuel. Stick to the speed limitsExcessive speed is one of the biggest fuel-guzzling factors so having a light right foot and ensuring all acceleration is gentle is very important. Start stopWhen approaching red lights, try to anticipate. By slowing down but still moving when approaching red lights you can save fuel instead of completely stopping and having to start again. Combine your journeysConsider making one round trip rather than several short trips. Once the engine is warm it will operate at its most efficient whereas several cold starts will increase fuel consumption, even though the mileage is the same. Don’t coastNot only is coasting a dangerous driving technique, you have less control of your car and you’re likely to drive faster as you travel downhill. Use a Fuel CalculatorIncreasing fuel prices will be incredibly difficult to avoid, so it’s a good time to review the amount of fuel you are buying and using. Using a Fuel Calculator you can work out how much your journeys will cost in fuel, and also how much fuel you actually need which can make budgeting even easier for fuel.