The opening few months of the 2022/23 Premier League season gives players the perfect chance to justify to their international managers why they should be included in the Qatar World Cup squad. Though some players won’t have that to play for – 24 in fact. There are numerous top players in the Premier League who won’t be competing in this winter’s international competition. More specifically, several stars from those in the ‘Big Six’ definitely won’t be in Qatar because their nations did not qualify – though more players also won’t be there once squads are announced. New Manchester City signing Erling Haaland won’t be at the competition despite being one of the most exciting young talents in world football, failing to qualify with his Norway side. Though he isn’t the only City player not at the tournament, Riyad Mahrez (Algeria) and Oleksandr Zinchenko – whose Ukraine side lost to Wales in their qualifier earlier this month – won’t be featuring. Manchester United have five stars not at the World Cup, potentially to the advantage of Erik ten Hag who will have a bolstered squad to work with through the winter break. Swedish duo Victor Lindelof and Anthony Diallo won’t play at the competition, and Ivory Coast pair Amad Diallo and Eric Bailly will be watching on from home. As will Scott McTominay after Scotland, being knocked out of the qualifiers by Ukraine. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer Therefore, Chelsea’s Billy Gilmour, too, won’t be at the competition either. The Blues’ Italian pair of Jorginho and Emerson Palmieri will also surprisingly not be at World Cup having failed to beat North Macedonia despite winning the EURO 2020 tournament. Armando Broja (Albania) also won’t feature at the tournament. Arsenal have several stars that won't be at the tournament, with Kieran Tierney (Scotland), Mohamed Elneny (Egypt) and Nicolas Pepe (Ivory Coast) all failing to help their side over the line and book their spot at the much-anticipated tournament. Haaland’s international team-mate Martin Odegaard also, obviously, won’t be at the World Cup – he failed to score or assist in ten qualifying matches. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links  Ballon d’Or candidate Mohamed Salah won’t be at the tournament either, with his Egypt side struggling ever since losing the Africa Cup of Nations final to Sadio Mane’s Senegal – who beat them in the qualifier as well. January signing Luis Diaz (Colombia), Andy Robertson (Scotland), Kostas Tsimikas (Greece) and Caoimhin Kelleher – Republic of Ireland’s no.1 – also won’t feature. Like City, Tottenham only have three players that represent nations that failed to qualify for the 2023 World Cup. Matt Doherty (Republic of Ireland), Davinson Sanchez (Colombia) and Dejan Kulusevski all were unable to be the difference on the big stage. Antonio Conte’s side will certainly have more players watching the competition from the comfort of their own homes though, with the likes of England’s Ryan Sessegnon, Japhet Tanganga and Oliver Skipp unlikely to receive sudden callups from Gareth Southgate. FULL LIST Manchester United Anthony Elanga Victor Lindelof Amad Diallo Eric Bailly Scott McTominay Manchester City Riyad Mahrez Erling Haaland Oleksandr Zinchenko Chelsea Emerson Palmieri Jorginho Armando Broja Billy Gilmour Arsenal Martin Odegaard Mo Elneny Nicolas Pepe Kieran Tierney Liverpool Mohamed Salah Luis Diaz Andy Robertson Kostas Tsimikas Caoimhin Kelleher Tottenham Davinson Sanchez Dejan Kulusevski Matt Doherty