Liverpool are selling the wrong player if they allow Sadio Mane to complete a move to Bayern Munich, claims former Crystal Palace chairman Simon Jordan. Liverpool are reportedly willing to accept a fee of over £40million for Mane, which Bayern are set to meet, but Jordan believes Roberto Firmino should be the player heading through the exit door at Anfield. Firmino made just 10 Premier League starts in an injury-hit campaign last term. Even when he was fit, he was often left out of the starting XI in favour of Diogo Jota or January signing Luis Diaz. The Telegraph claims Liverpool expect Bayern to return with a new offer for Mane which would meet their valuation of over £40m. But Jordan believes selling the Senegal star is the wrong decision. Both Firmino and Mane are out of contract in 2023 but Jordan says more work should be put into keeping the latter. He said on talkSPORT: "I can't get my head round whether this is the player's salary demands, because some people are ruminating that it's the player's salary demands, other people are saying it's because he's reached the end of the line with Liverpool and he wants a different challenged. READ MORE: Transfer news LIVE: Liverpool's Nunez swap deal, Arsenal targets disagree, Man Utd latest  "We can't get traction on which one it is but I wouldn't want Mane to go. I wouldn't want to break up that irresistible dynamic they've got up top. "If they're going to let anyone go, I know Firmino's an integral part of the way Liverpool play at times because he's such a clever creative player, but if I'm going to let one of them go it would probably be Firmino because of the age and to some extent the amount of games he plays. You've got the new kid in, Diaz, so with that in mind I really wouldn't want to be losing Mane." Liverpool legend Steve Nicol disagrees and believes his old club should sell Mane at the right price. But he also admits Firmino needs to be replaced. DON'T MISSYouri Tielemans U-turns on transfer hope after Arsenal submit proposalMan Utd 'deny Darwin Nunez meeting' as Benfica and Liverpool negotiations reach next stageFive Premier League deals that could be completed today as summer window opens  Nicol told ESPN FC: "I think they should sell [Mane], if they can get £40m for him, I think you take it. You’re almost getting what you paid for him and look what he’s done for you. "As I’ve said previously, you can’t keep everyone happy when their contract is coming down, there’s just not enough money so you have to make decisions. The fact you’ve still got Salah, Jota, Diaz, you’ve still got Firmino, probably need to replace him, makes it a lot easier to say ‘okay we’ll take £40m for Mane."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here