Bowel cancer describes what happens when cells start to divide uncontrollably in the large bowel, which is part of the digestive symptom. Early detection is essential to surviving the disease yet symptoms often slip under radar, owing in part to a lack of awareness. Express.co.uk caught up with Monika Wassermann, doctor, freelance writer and MD at oliolusso.com, to get a better understanding of the spectrum of symptoms.  According to Doctor Wassermann, one telltale sign that can "accurately" show that you have bowel cancer is a "constant urge that you don’t fully empty the bowel". Of course, it is the collection of symptoms that gives you the best indication of cancer. Doctor Wassermann listed the following signs to spot: "Other signs such as unintended weight gain, and weakness cannot directly show a bowel cancer prognosis", she noted. READ MORE: Cancer warning: Three vitamin supplements linked to an 'elevated' risk of lung cancer The NHS says: "See a GP If you have any of the symptoms of bowel cancer for three weeks or more." The GP may decide to: "Make sure you see a GP if your symptoms persist or keep coming back after stopping treatment, regardless of their severity or your age. You'll probably be referred to hospital," advises the NHS. As it points out, a small number of cancers can only be diagnosed by a more extensive examination of the colon. DON'T MISSHair loss: Three 'care-hair' habits causing hair loss [ADVICE]Type 2 diabetes: Two fruits causing high blood sugar [TIPS]Peter Kay: Comic's experience with 'complex' disease [INSIGHT] The exact cause of bowel cancer is unknown. However, research has shown several factors may make you more likely to develop it. Your risk of developing bowel (colon and rectal) cancer depends on many things including age, genetics and lifestyle factors. It's worth noting that having one or more risk factors doesn’t mean that you will definitely get bowel cancer. The role diet plays in increasing the risk of bowel cancer is complex but many studies have shown that eating lots of red and processed meat increases the risk of bowel cancer. It is estimated that around 13 out of 100 bowel cancer cases (around 13 percent) in the UK are linked to eating these meats. Processed meat is any meat that has been treated to preserve it and/or add flavour - for example, bacon, salami, sausages, canned meat or chicken nuggets. And a portion is about two sausages or three slices of ham. The Government recommends that people eating more than 90g of red and processed meat a day should reduce it to 70g or less. 70g is the cooked weight. This is about the same as two sausages. According to Cancer Research UK, eating lots of fibre reduces your risk of bowel cancer - eating too little fibre causes around 30 in 100 bowel cancer cases (around 30 percent) in the UK. To get more fibre in your diet try: It's doubly important to eat healthily because unhealthy eating is a cause of bowel cancer, warns Cancer Research UK. Obesity means being very overweight with a body mass index (BMI) of 30 or higher. And being overweight is a BMI of between 25 and 30.