Sweeping costume drama Poldark first aired back in 2015, marking the BBC's second adaptation of Graham Winston's beloved novels. The original Poldark series was broadcast on the BBC between 1975 and 1977 with Robin Ellis as the eponymous hero. Being Human and The Hobbit star Aidan Turner took over as the lead in the new version. Both versions have been a hit with audiences.  Season five concluded on August 26, 2019, and many viewers wanted to know if the show would be coming back for another outing. The final series ventured into new territory which had not been explored in the original novels. Instead of serving as an adaptation from the books, the final series covered the 11-year period between the seventh (The Angry Tide) and eighth (The Stranger from the Sea) novels. Poldark screenwriter Debbie Horsfield explained at the time: “Winston Graham had left plenty of hints in book eight about events which had happened in those intervening years, but he gives little away about how Ross achieved that transformation. READ MORE: Poldark season 5 location: Where is Poldark filmed? Where's it set? “So for me it was the starting point, the way to navigate through series five. Winston Graham’s son Andrew endorsed my wish to continue his father’s methodology - looking at the historical context (Napoleonic Wars, Act of Union, fast-approaching Abolition of Slavery) and using real events and real people to drive the narrative.” Season five didn't complete the adaptation of the Poldark novels, which means there’s scope for more should the BBC want to continue. The 2015 Poldark series covers books one to seven and then a little bit in between. There is still a total of 12 Poldark novels and potentially five more books worth of material to cover. READ MORE: Poldark season 5 start time: When does Poldark start? Sadly, it doesn’t look like there won’t be another series of Poldark. The BBC also planned to do five seasons of the period drama based on the Poldark novels. Speaking about working on the drama, lead star Turner said previously: “When we started Poldark we aimed to complete the majority of the books that we could, which would likely take us up to series five. “So during filming for this series there was a sense of completion and relief that we made it this far, that the show has been successful and that people enjoy watching it. “Hitting that mark and returning for the fifth series was always the goal and we are proud to have achieved that.” READ MORE: Poldark: How was Poldark supposed to end? How do the books end? He went on to say: “It has been incredible taking him on this journey. "I was watching some clips of scenes from series one and one of them was when Eleanor was singing in the parlour and we all look so young. “It is when I reflect on moments like those that all the emotions come in and it makes me think about how much Ross has grown and how much I have grown and learned and what these characters have been through.” Horsfield admitted that when she began on her Poldark adventure back in 2012, she never expected she would end up writing a total of 43 hours of television. READ MORE: Poldark ending explained: How did Poldark end? What happened? The writer said it felt “strange” and “a little sad” knowing that the crew wouldn’t be going back to Cornwall but hailed the “extraordinary journey” she and the rest of the makers had been on. “What’s next for me? Watch this space. Not a tricorn in sight. "I’m excited for the next project - but I’ll miss that Cornish surf!” she quipped. The stars have now moved on to other projects with Tomlinson going on to star as a character called Amy in BBC's War of the Worlds after she was cast in the series. Poldark seasons 1 to 5 are streaming on Netflix UK now