Roman Kemp, 29, has made a name for himself as a presenter for Capital FM, and as a result, has generated an Instagram following of nearly two million people. The presenter has spoken to Express.co.uk about the pressures that go with such a platform. Roman has become well-known in his own right on top of having famous parents - Spandau Ballet star Martin and Wham! singer Shirlie. He has presented his own breakfast show on Capital FM since 2017 and even came third on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! in 2019. Express.co.uk asked Roman if he felt a pressure to post certain content on social media. He said: "Of course! It’s so easy to be very flippant with social media. "You’ve got to have responsibility for your digital footprint. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast's Carol Kirkwood bids farewell to 'emotional' colleague "I’ve spoken about this in the past where you have a responsibility to look at what you post online and a responsibility for who you are influencing. "I think that's what I have learned over the years and I will continue to learn, but it is a worry of course." Since releasing his own documentary with the BBC about mental health, Roman has been very open about his struggle with depression. Now the star has shared some more insight into his own experiences, reflecting on how he spoke to his parents about his struggles. He said earlier this year: "I even remember that I had never really spoken to my dad about it. "Which is odd because you know, people look at me and my dad and they say we have a great relationship and stuff like that. "But it was always something that I would talk to my mum about." Elsewhere in the chat, Roman opened up about being in a really “bad place” while his career was booming. DON'T MISS... Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [INSIGHT] Liz Hurley, 57, shows off her ample assets in sultry red dress [PICS] Madonna, 63, poses up a storm in busty bodice, but leaves fans worried [VIDEO] He added: "I think I was getting ready to go to I’m A Celeb and do shows like that. "I've done Gogglebox, I’ve done the radio show, I’ve got this life that’s all fun. "One day it just hit me like that and I just remember it’s like a professional doctor inside your head, beating up your brain. "I just remember being sat in my pants on the floor in my bedroom and just crying. I was in a really bad way." Roman visited the charity Age Well East with the National Lottery in recent days. He attended to see first-hand how the charity was using the money to enjoy the recent pivotal Jubilee week celebration. "It was such a lovely afternoon heading over to Age Well East," he said. "These people have been given a social life again. It ties into everything I have stood for so far in terms of mental health about keeping conversations going and making sure coming out of the pandemic that we're able to express ourselves. "It was great being able to meet some of the women there, who tried teaching me how to knit but sadly, my knitting career lasted about seven seconds." You can watch Roman on Gogglebox on Channel 4 at 9pm