Economic migrants are provided for and accommodated to the detriment of our own. Charles should visit the places migrants are housed where he would see groups of young men, well dressed and with mobile phones. He, Yvette Cooper and others are all happy to support migrants - but not in their own backyards. Let him house them on his estates. I'm a royalist but I despair if this thinking is a taste of Charles as King. He needs to study the areas they are sent to and the effect on populations who suffer increased deprivation. Those who have pondered the direction of the monarchy when Prince Charles takes over will have some concerns after his comments about Rwanda, says Jim Sokol, from Minehead, Somerset. It appears the future King has given tacit backing to the illegal invasion of our country of mainly single young men, who have travelled through several friendly countries to get here. Now that the Queen resides at Windsor Castle maybe these people could be housed at the ample accommodation available at Highgrove or Buckingham Palace. Plenty of accommodation there, I'm told. The Rwanda solution is not ideal but we must look at the bigger picture. We are a large population on a small, overcrowded island with an infrastructure that cannot possibly sustain such a large influx of migrants, says Bob Jarvis, from Billericay, Essex. Our NHS, education and welfare systems are at bursting point. The UN and Nato need to get at the heart of the problem by bringing peace to the war-torn countries the migrants are fleeing. Also Interpol should infiltrate the gangs of human traffickers and end this misery. When MPs are asked for their opinion, if their answer might go against the party line they often say they're entitled to have a view, says Keith Woods, from Manchester. All they really need to say is "I do not wish to give my opinion". We are all human and it is nigh on impossible not to have an opinion. Prince Charles has the same right we all have. To comment on Rwanda is his right. After all, we can agree or not. Prince Charles's comment on the "appalling" processing of migrants in Rwanda will certainly not be welcomed by the majority of the British people, says Warren Browning, from Rugby, Warks. All other ways of solving the human trafficking across the English Channel have failed. Not only has he misjudged the mood of the nation, he's also insulted Rwanda, a fairly new member of the Commonwealth. Making a political comment now, so soon after Her Majesty's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, bodes badly for when he is King.