The Queen receives taxpayer funding to complete her royal duties in the form of the Sovereign Grant, and a dedicated chunk of the grant in recent years has been set aside for the extensive renovation works taking place at Buckingham Palace. The latest financial reports of the Royal Household were published on Thursday. The total Sovereign Grant for 2021 to 2022 stood at £86.3million and is comprised of a core grant of £51.8million and an additional £34.5million for the reservicing of Buckingham Palace. The Sovereign Grant is currently benefitting from a 10-year uplift to help fund the restoration of the Palace, which is undergoing extensive electrical and structural renovation. The core grant pays for the operating costs of the Queen's household, as well as official travel and property maintenance. READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan and Harry’s 'worst blow' of Jubilee laid bar  The total Sovereign Grant of £86.3million is equivalent to a cost of £1.29 per person in the UK. Last year, the total Sovereign Grant stood at £85.9million. Without the additional renovation funding, the Sovereign Grant costs each person in the UK 77p. For 2021 to 2022, the monarchy's expenditure greatly exceeded the Sovereign Grant and the supplementary income of £9.9million earned from avenues like The Royal Collection Trust. The Sovereign Grant reserve, an accumulation of funding left over from previous years, has been reduced this year by £14.6million, a significant increase from the previous year when only £2.3million was drawn down.  The millions taken from the Sovereign Grant reserve this year contributed to the reservicing of Buckingham Palace, the Royal Household said. The Keeper of the Privy Purse, Sir Michael Stevens, said the 2021 to 2022 financial year provided "operational and financial challenges" for the Royal Household. He explained: "The impact of Covid meant that major events such as Maundy, Garter, and Garden Parties were absent from the calendar. The pandemic also meant we had another year in which access to the Royal Palaces was restricted for The Royal Collection Trust which once again affected our ability to help self-finance our work on behalf of the nation. "While the Reservicing Programme continued to be carefully managed to match projected funding there was a significant increase in work against a hard deadline to enable Buckingham Palace to be at the centre of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. On all fronts we were pleased to deliver against our plans." For the 2022 to 2023 financial year, the Sovereign Grant will remain the same at £86.3million overall, with the same ratios applied to the core grant and the reservicing allocation. DON'T MISS:Queen Letizia dazzles in a unique dress with world leaders in Madrid [PICTURES]Breakaway Nicola Sturgeon's gift to cheer 'extraordinary' Queen [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should Meghan ‘bullying’ investigation findings be public? [POLL]  In total, the cost of the Queen and other working royals' travel this year for official duties cost the taxpayer £4.5million through the Sovereign Grant in 2021 to 2022. According to royal accounts, Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge's trip to the Caribbean for the Platinum Jubilee cost the taxpayer £226,383 in flights alone. On the most expensive official royal tour of the year, Kate and William travelled by charter jet while staff took scheduled flights for a planning trip.  Other royal travel costs included Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall's visit to Egypt and Jordan on the request of the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office (FCDO), with travel costs amassing to more than £123,500 for a combination of charter plane, helicopter and scheduled flights for staff. Charles' trip to Barbados to witness its transition to an elected head of state last year also cost more than £138,000. A royal source told the PA news agency that Charles is "allergic" to helicopters and will always try and use alternative transport. They said: "If the recommendation goes to the Prince of Wales, he will raise an eyebrow and say 'go through this again'. "And it won't take very long for us to check what the reason was that he had to be in one place at one time, there at another time, and therefore it was the only option. The Prince of Wales is pretty allergic to using helicopters." 