Former Chelsea defender Frank Leboeuf has claimed that Antonio Rudiger leaving the club for Real Madrid is “very bad news” for the Blues and admitted he was sad after learning the German centre-back would be moving away from Stamford Bridge. Rudiger announced on Thursday that he would be joining Los Blancos on a free transfer, after being a permanent fixture in Thomas Tuchel’s back three at Chelsea since the German manager replaced Frank Lampard last year. The 29-year-old had become a favourite at Stamford Bridge, but after restrictions on the club following sanctions to ex-owner Roman Abramovich, Tuchel admitted they were unable to keep Rudiger. Leboeuf, speaking to ESPN FC, said: “It is very bad news for the Blues and I am very sad seeing him leaving the club, but I completely understand that he wants to fulfil his dream and it is only fair to see him going to Real Madrid who definitely for me needs someone of his talent to be alongside either [Eder] Militao or [David] Alaba. “I think it is going to be more Alaba but it is a real plus for Real Madrid. They are going to be more stabilised at the back which has been a problem lately for them, even if in the Champions League final they were stronger in that matter. “It is a great signing for Real Madrid and I want to wish him good luck because he is a very good person.” Alejandro Moreno, also on the panel with Leboeuf, explained how Real Madrid could fit Rudiger into their team. “I think Militao has been very good for Real Madrid this season,” the ex-Venezuelan international said. “So I don’t know that automatically Rudiger takes his position. There is a scenario where perhaps Alaba goes out to the left-hand side and Rudiger and Militao play together. “I can also make the argument that Militao was as good as he was this season because he had the calming influence and the brains of Alaba next to him. If Alaba goes out to the left-hand side, do you then lose that between Militao and Rudiger who have a similar profile in terms of their style of play? “You need one guy who can be the runner and be physical, and the other guy who is more of a positional guy, Alaba seems to be the positional guy, Militao seems to be the guy willing to do the physical part. “Rudiger is also kind of the physical part as well. This is a good problem to have if you are Carlo Ancelotti because you have options that you didn’t have before. You don’t have to go deep and delve into the Nacho option or Jesus Vallejo option.”