Coronation Street's troubled teenager Max (played by Paddy Beaver) has been keeping his head low after he was involved in spiking Amy Barlow's (Elle Mulvaney) drink, rushing her to the hospital. Max was later expelled from school, and his father, David Platt (Jack P. Shepherd), tried to help him on the straight. Now it seems Max has turned his attention to a new love interest Sonya, with whom he sets up a date. In official spoilers to air new week, Max offers to help his school friend Sonya with her media studies homework. The pair exchange a few messages, and eventually, she agrees to go on the date with Max, overseeing his troubled past. Seeing her agree to the date, he grins at his phone but is unaware that his parents, David and Shona Platt (Julia Goulding), are watching on in amusement. Getting nervous about the upcoming date, Max decides to cook a surprise tea for David and Shona. READ MORE: Rod Stewart admits Penny has ‘thing’ for Prince Charles When they ask what has brought it on, he admits he wants to practice for his date with Sonya and he wants to impress her. Could the new relationship with Sonya see Max turn a corner and forget his troubled past? Or is this just an act for his parents and the school to believe he has changed his ways? At the beginning of the year, Amy's nightclub outing turned out for the worse after her drink was spiked with GHB. Amy was out celebrating her 18th birthday in the company of her family and boyfriend Jacob (Jack James Ryan). After leaving the club, Amy became increasingly woozy and suddenly collapsed, causing concern for those around her. Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson) thought Jacob was the culprit after they had been to the Valentines dance, but Max had filmed the dance. Max left the event disappointed but was soon asked by teacher Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard) to download the footage of the dance for the police's investigation. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street fans 'work out' Toyah's killer plan as Imran exits [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Cathy Matthews' exit rumbled in Brian twist [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Abi and Kevin jailed after Imran's death [WATCH] Watching the footage back, Max was shocked by what he sees. Soon, his adoptive father, David (Jack P. Shepherd), came home with a police officer and Max handed his camera over. The turbulent relationship between Max and Daniel had been ongoing for months as Max vowed to wreak havoc for the teacher. The night that Amy was spiked, Max had initially targetted Daniel but instead mixed their drinks up and ended up hurting Amy. Max only came clean about the incident in recent weeks, and Amy was shocked to find out that he was behind the incident. Could Amy get her revenge by telling Sonya what she knows? Will Sonya take the advice from Amy, or will she decide to make her own judgement of the teen? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.