But while Mr Johnson spends his afternoon attempting to rally support within his party to ensure he passes the vote, the odds are out for who could replace him should 180 MPs vote to oust him. In a letter to his party, Mr Johnson said some of the criticism levelled at him in recent months had been unfair. He said: “I know that over recent months I have come under a great deal of fire, and I know that experience has been painful for the whole party. “Some of that criticism has perhaps been fair, some less so. Where there have been valid points, I have listened and learned and made significant changes.” He continued in an attempt to rally the troops, but we will find out later if his attempt was successful. Many cabinet ministers have come out in support of the Prime Minister - but as the afternoon goes on it has become clear there is a large portion of MPs who want to see their leader out of Number 10. READ MORE: What time is Boris Johnson's vote of confidence today? According to Ladbrokes, the odds for the next Tory leader are: What’s more, Ladbrokes predicts the number of votes against the Prime Minister tonight is most likely to fall within the 100 to 149 bracket: DON'T MISSKirstie Allsopp slams Tories MPs ahead of Boris no-confidence vote [REPORT]Piers Morgan suspects ‘quite a few’ Tories will backstab Boris Johnson [INSIGHT]He's not a liar like Blair' Callers erupt in Boris confidence vote row [ANALYSIS] Smarkets are predicting similar odds in the event of a leadership contest, with Jeremy Hunt is the current favourite to succeed Johnson as Conservative leader, although his probability is only 17 percent. Liz Truss (12 percent), Penny Mordaunt (11 percent) and Tom Tugendhat (11 percent) are the only other contenders with a double-figure chance. Matthew Shaddick, Smarkets Head of Political Markets, said: "The early betting at Smarkets has moved strongly in favour of Boris Johnson winning tonight's no-confidence vote. “The chances were rated at almost exactly 50/50 when Sir Graham Brady made his announcement and quickly moved in favour of the Prime Minister. “He's currently given a 73 percent chance of winning but these odds are likely to fluctuate in what will be an exciting day for the betting markets. "The live odds at Smarkets now suggest that around 140 MPs will vote against Johnson, well short of the 180 needed to remove him from office." William Hill also has odds for Mr Johnson surviving the vote, with his chances of winning currently standing at 1/4. If there is a leadership contest, whoever wins would become the next Prime Minister. Jeremy Hunt, MP for South West Surrey, has announced his intention to vote against the Prime Minister this evening. He said on Twitter: “The Conservative Party must now decide if it wishes to change its leader. Because of the situation in Ukraine this was not a debate I wanted to have now but under our rules we must do that. “Having been trusted with power, Conservative MPs know in our hearts we are not giving the British people the leadership they deserve. “We are not offering the integrity, competence and vision necessary to unleash the enormous potential of our country.”