Four-time major champion Brooks Koepka is the latest star name headed for the LIV Golf Invitational Series, according to The Telegraph. He is set to join the likes of Phil Mickelson, Bryson DeChambeau and Dustin Johnson in jumping ship from the PGA Tour. Koepka had caused a stir after he removed 'PGA Tour' from his social channels. Fans were recently sent into a frenzy when Koepka appeared to tease a move to the LIV Golf Series ahead of its inaugural event in Hertfordshire earlier in June. Those suspicions now appear well-placed as reports suggest an official announcement is imminent. Koepka—who won back-to-back U.S. Opens in 2017-18 before repeating the feat in the PGA Championship (2018-19)—previously criticised Phil Mickelson for his 'greed' in joining the Saudi series. However, it now appears the Florida native has had a change of heart on the matter. That may have something to do with seeing Charl Schwartzel scoop a record $4.75m (£3.9m) sum after winning both the individual and team events at the Centurion Club in St. Albans. The LIV Golf Invitational Series will run eight events in its first year, the first seven of which offer $25m (£20m) prize purses, followed by a $50m (£40m) purse in the season finale at Trump National Doral in Miami. READ MORE US Open champ Matt Fitzpatrick talked brother out of joining Saudi's mega-rich rebel tour Those figures dwarf any to date on the PGA Tour, urging the likes of Mickelson and Dustin Johnson to leave, with 2020 U.S. Open champion Bryson DeChambeau also rumoured to be on his way. The emergence of the LIV Series has divided the golf community, with many resisting the allure given Saudi Arabia's poor humain rights record. The rival tour has been critiqued as an attempt at 'sportswashing', which aims to improve the country's public image through its association with star athletes. The LIV Golf Invitational Series' main shareholder is Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund, which is estimated to boast assets worth more than $600billion (£489bn). DON'T MISSRory McIlroy gutted after wasting chance to win US Open - 'Another missed opportunity'Phil Mickelson and LIV Golf stars subject of vicious Xander Schauffele dig at US OpenDP World Tour take different stance to PGA as they make decision over Saudi rebels   Mickelson was quoted describing the Saudis as "scary motherf*****s to work with" earlier this year, having admitted he was flirting with the breakaway tour in order to gain leverage from the PGA Tour. The likes of Ian Poulter, Lee Westwood and Grame McDowell appeared uncomfortable when quizzed on Saudi Arabia's human rights record in Hertfordshire. Koepka can expect to be faced with similar lines of questioning if he becomes the latest star to join as expected.  