Starz’s hit series, Outlander followed the adventures of a World War II nurse who discovered she could travel back in time. However, as season six came to an end in May, fans realised a huge difference in Claire Fraser’s (played by Caitriona Balfe) storyline, which left some of them annoyed.  After being transported from 1945 to 1743, Claire decided to stay in the past where she got married and devoted her life to being a nurse. As her family expanded, so did Claire’s list of patients which led her to open a medical centre where she could use her knowledge from the future to save lives. With her expert understanding of medicine, fans were shocked to see Claire begin to self medicate with Ether after her upsetting assault. The viewers who were taken aback by her addiction were those who had also read the novel, which the series was adapted from.  READ MORE: Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in for Gloria Hunniford In the novel series written by Diana Gabaldon, Claire didn’t turn to her medicine cabinet for a sense of escapism. Upon realising the major change to her storyline, user BlackWidowwww took to Reddit to express their annoyance. The viewer wrote: “I’ve read all the Outlander books and I am seriously annoyed with the storyline in season six that is making Claire go mad. “The ether use? Insulting to the character, I can’t be the only one annoyed.”  In the comments, Ninevemaer responded: “I actually don't mind the change. “They definitely gave it a bit too much attention and the ether-use scenes quicky got repetitive, but I like this version of Claire more. “Think about all that she went through, not just the most recent event, but everything up to this point.” They added: “She was bound to break at some point, after being incredibly and almost inhumanly strong for so long, bottling all this trauma up for YEARS.”  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Tracy Barlow kills again in Ken Barlow twist [THEORY]Outlander’s Sam Heughan gives rare insight into childhood in Scotland [INSIGHT]Outlander boss speaks out on future of Jamie Fraser series [INSIGHT] The Ether abuse came as a result of Claire struggling to deal with the mental trauma of being abused by Lionel Brown (Ned Dennehy) in the season five finale. After capturing her, he and his men took turns beating and sexually assaulting the nurse, which had left her traumatised. Claire began using it during the season six premiere when her husband Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) found her conscious and unable to wake her up. Although she had created the drug as an anaesthetic, she began to use it recreationally to alleviate her nightmares and hallucinations.  Speaking to Dipp, author Gabaldon opened up about the onscreen changes and revealed: “Book Claire probably wouldn't have done that. “For multiple reasons, including the not-inconsiderable physical risks of doing it, addiction being a notable one, God knows the woman is entitled to some." She continued: “We're always dealing with a big difference between books and shows to wit, space and time. “I have all the time I need for Claire and other people to deal with trauma in various ways, and Claire's usual means of doing that is Jamie.” Outlander is available in the US on Starz and available in the UK on Starzplay. 