Britney Spears and her new husband Sam Asghari have been granted an emergency protective order against her ex Jason Alexander, after he tried to gatecrash their wedding yesterday. Sgt Cyrus Zadeh of the Ventura County Sheriff’s Office told The Sun: “The emergency protective order against Jason Alexander was requested by Britney Spears’ representative and Mr Sam Asghari as well. “It’s a no contact order. “Emergency protective orders last for a short period to give time for subjects to seek a temporary restraining order from the courts." These orders usually last up to eight days. Meanwhile, Britney’s lawyer Matthew Rosengart told Page Six: “Fortunately, Alexander is incarcerated and under an emergency protective order. “I want to thank Sergeant Cyrus Zadeh, Detective Ken Michaelson and the Ventura County Sheriff’s Office for their prompt and good work and look forward to working with law enforcement to ensure Alexander is aggressively prosecuted and hopefully convicted, as he should be.” He added: “This was an outrageous security breach, which I am livid about, but fortunately Britney is safe, and she was a stunning and happy bride.” Despite the rocky start, Britney tied the knot with Sam today in front of a star-studded guest list including Madonna, Drew Barrymore and Selena Gomez. According to TMZ, Jason got into Britney’s home but was restrained outside. In a live stream, Jason could be heard shouting “Don’t put your hands on me!” to Britney’s security officers. “Where’s Britney?” he demanded, looking around at the flower arrangements ready for the wedding and branding them “bulls***”. Captain Cameron Henderson of the Ventura County Sheriff’s Office told The Sun: “We are there investigating after reports that somebody was trespassing on the property. DON'T MISS...'With a heavy heart' Monty Don inundated with support over decision [UPDATE]Amanda Holden, 51, lets fans into bedroom moment [PICTURES] Penny Lancaster stuns as she bids sweet farewell to Rod Stewart [INSIGHT] “I don't know if he jumped over or how that happened but we are there investigating. I can't confirm who the suspect is, we have deputies on scene trying to figure everything out right now.” It has since been confirmed her former husband was arrested at the scene. Britney was married to Jason in 2004 for just 55 hours until their union was annulled.