Gaining a tan isn't the only visible sign of skin damage, over time, enough DNA changes caused by sun exposure could lead to tumours developing. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk about skin cancer is Dr Hélène du P Menagé. "While most of us want to spend time outside on a warm, sunny day, the sun’s ultraviolet (UV) rays can be very damaging to the skin," Dr Menagé said. Pay extra attention to "common sites for skin cancers", such as the nose, neck and ears. Cancer Research UK pointed out two main types of skin cancer: non-melanoma skin cancer and melanoma skin cancer. Non-melanoma skin cancer Including basal cell carcinoma (BCC) and squamous cell skin cancer (SCC), non-melanoma tends to develop on skin that is exposed to UV radiation. Typical indications of skin cancer include a sore, or area of skin, that doesn't heal within four weeks, looks unusual, hurts, bleeds, crusts or scabs for more than four weeks. What the sore could look like It may look see-through, shiny, pink, pearly white, or red; the lesion may feel sore, rough, and have raised edges. READ MORE: The popular vitamin supplement associated with a 40% higher risk of lung cancer - warning Also be on the look out for an ulcer that doesn't heal within four weeks. Skin cancer may also be a small, slow-growing, shiny, pink or red lump. The NHS stated: "The first sign of non-melanoma skin cancer is usually the appearance of a lump or discoloured patch on the skin. "[It then] persists after a few weeks and slowly progresses over months or sometimes years." READ MORE: The popular vitamin supplement associated with a 40% higher risk of lung cancer - warning Melanoma skin cancer Differing from non-melanoma skin cancer, the first sign of a melanoma is often a new mole or a change in the appearance of an existing mole. "Normal moles are generally round or oval, with a smooth edge, and usually no bigger than 6mm in diameter," the NHS clarified. "But size is not a sure sign of melanoma. A healthy mole can be larger than 6mm in diameter, and a cancerous mole can be smaller than this." Do the ABCDE checklist to help tell the difference between a normal mole and a melanoma. One of the best ways to minimise the risk of skin cancer is to protect yourself in the sun. Dr Menagé said: "There are a number of steps you can take to protect your skin from the sun." The first bit of advice from Dr Menagé is to "find some shade", especially between the hours of 11am to 3pm when the sun is the strongest. "It is recommended to seek shade, or head indoors during these hours, to avoid the sun when it is at its hottest and UV radiation is at its highest," Dr Menagé explained. Another tip is to "wear protective clothing, such as a hat with a large brim that shades your nose, neck and ears". Dr Menagé added that people should "wear a shirt with sleeves to prevent your shoulders from being in the sun". In addition to protective clothing and seeking shade, Dr Menagé is a strong advocate of liberally applying sunscreen. "High SPF products of 30 or higher generally have good UV-A protection," she said. "You should apply this twenty minutes before going outside and ensure that you re-apply every two hours, particularly if you have been in water or sweating." Dr Hélène du P Menagé is the consultant dermatologist at The Harley Street Clinic, part of HCA Healthcare UK.