Talking about his ordeal with cancer, he told The Times last summer that having children changed the way he looked at life. He said: "It has taken a lot of fighting, a lot of stamina to get through it. "Of course it’s scary. But ultimately, especially with having my twins, you just want to make every day precious…" The star’s first battle with cancer started in 2017 when he had to undergo a five-hour operation to remove part of his lung, after which he was cancer-free. READ MORE: 'Soured cream and smoked fish' - Dietician warns of 'histamine foods' worsening hay fever Roughly 60 percent of Brits that develop the disease do not survive more than a year with the disease, according to Cancer Research UK. Around the time of beating his first cancer bout, Wood said: “If your body is riddled with cancer, it’s a losing cause. “Luckily, all mine was contained within the left lung and I was fortunate enough to get shot of it, bang. There was none in the rest of my body so I didn’t require chemo.” DON'T MISSLongevity: The vitamin that can slash your risk of death by 57% [TIPS]Diabetes: The golden drink that lowers blood sugar [ADVICE]Diabetes symptoms: The telltale sign around the eyes [INSIGHT] He was less open about his second, small-cell cancer, however. In an interview with The Sun last year, he said: “I’ve had cancer two different ways now. “I had lung cancer in 2017 and I had small-cell more recently that I fought in the last lockdown.” Small cell cancers can occur in different parts of the body, but most commonly affect the lungs. Under a microscope, these cancers look visually small, explains The Christie NHS Foundation Trust. It grows rapidly, making it more aggressive than non-small cell cancer, and can affect areas including the prostate, pancreas, bladder, and lymph nodes. READ MORE: How to sleep: The tips to get a good night's kip if you have allergies or hay fever The rockstar didn’t clearly explain the details of his diagnosis although he gladly told the interviewer he “came through with the all-clear”. The NHS has outlined symptoms of lung cancer that you should look out for. These include the following: According to the NHS, there are several types of spinal surgeries that may occur.