Roger Federer will drop off the ATP rankings after Wimbledon as he is set to lose the 600 points he had protected from 2019. The tennis icon will not play at the Championship this summer and doubt remains over when he will next play. The 20-times Grand Slam champion has not played a Grand Slam since bowing out of Wimbledon in disappointing style last year. Federer was beaten 6-3 7-6 6-0 by Hubert Hurkacz in the quarter-final. He then underwent surgery on his knee for the third time in 18 months last August. The 40-year-old has not been seen since and has not put a specific date on his return. Federer has dropped to No.96 in the ATP rankings and has 600 ranking points. However, he will lose those ranking points following Wimbledon, which has stripped players of its ranking points this year over its Russian-player ban. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu agent explains Brit's struggles ahead of Wimbledon It will be the first time in nearly 25 years that the Swiss has not ranked. Incredibly, the veteran has featured on the ATP’s leaderboard since September 1997. During his absence, Federer has watched on while Rafa Nadal has raced away from the Big Three of men’s tennis. Victories at the Australian and the French Opens have extended the Spaniard’s total Grand Slams to 22. Federer and Novak Djokovic remain on 20. Dropping of the rankings could remarkably see Federer face his two biggest rivals in the first round of future tournaments, handing him a tough start as he aims to climb back to the top of the sport following his rehabilitation. That is because he will require a wildcard at future events while he remains unranked. DON'T MISS...Raducanu told three things to do to stun Swiatek and win WimbledonNick Kyrgios has ideal Wimbledon draw to scupper Rafael Nadal's hopeNadal's route to Wimbledon glory as Berrettini could end Calendar Slam Federer plans to participate in the Laver Cup in September but has no specific date for his comeback. Asked earlier in June if he wants to continue playing, he said: "Yes, definitely. How and where, I don't know yet. But that would be the idea. I haven't planned more than the Laver Cup and Basel yet. “After Basel, the season is over anyway. It's important for me to get fit again so that I can train fully. Once I've done that, I can choose how many tournaments I play and where. "The Laver Cup is a good start, I don't have to play five matches in six days. I will have to be able to do that in Basel. But I'm hopeful, I've come a long way. I'm not far away.” Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here