Mrs Hinch is a cleaning influencer with over four million followers on Instagram. She is so popular that cleaning enthusiasts have created Facebook groups in her honour, sharing cleaning tips and tricks with one another. On one such Facebook group, with more than 10,000 members, one Mrs Hinch fan wanted to know how to get rid of a sauce stain on her white jeans. Stains can be stubborn, but the post was inundated with comments as other Mrs Hinch fans offered their best tops and tricks. Naomi Hellier shared a photo of her jeans, with the caption: “Brand new white jeans. Burger sauce. I have tried all the items shown multiple times, soaked them for hours…any other ideas please.” The products Naomi had used were Jocker Woods cleaning vinegar, Dr. Beckmann’s Stain Devils, and Sainsbury’s own Stain Remover. READ MORE: Sussexes face US backlash as 'Californians have no idea who they are' The post received over 100 comments, with some recommending chemical solutions, while others offered tips involving natural methods. Naz Heath said: “Just wash again and put it outside on the line in sunlight, always do this for sauce stains, tomato base stains and curry stains, leave it out few days as I forget. But it works.” Kay Coney wrote: “Neat bleach always works for me. Just pour a little on the stain and rub it in gently. It should get rid of that bit.” Tracey Robertson’s tip was simple and natural. She said: “The best stain remover is a bar of good old green soap!! Cheap and lasts years gets the stains every time!!!!”  Lesley Taylor said: “Always try neat Fairy Liquid before any of the other stain removers. It’s by far the best stain remover…then wash normally and hang in the sun to dry.” Maureen Preston also recommended Fairy Liquid, but with two other natural products added to the mix. She wrote: “Bicarb of soda on dry and then pour white vinegar on and let it bubble. Do this a couple of times then rub in Fairy Liquid and wash normally.” Sarah Brophy commented: “Elbow grease do a bar of soap, rub on both sides of stain hopefully should come out in wash.” Lorraine Bridgett said: “Elbow grease spray, leave for a few mins and put in some soda crystals with your detergent. Hope this works. I have done this with curry and it worked.” Another natural method was advised by Paula Crowe. She said: “I used Fairy Liquid and a squeeze of lemon and bicarb and rub into stain. It worked for me.” Lesley Neile wrote: “I had same thing, curry sauce on mine, sprinkled stain with bicarbonate of soda, added boiling water to it, bubbled to a foam (and or white vinegar), left for half an hour, came out perfectly after washing and no extra staining from using bleach.” Kim Davies’ recommendation was unique. She said: “Dishwasher tablet in the drum.”  Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Julie Crowcroft said: “Scrub with washing up liquid, then put on a 90 degree wash with Napisan in the drum and your usual wash powder or liquid. Will come out perfect.” Emma Smith wrote: “Elbow grease or flash bicarbonate of soda is amazing.” Joe Weller agreed, saying: “Spray elbow grease on both sides, if you can rub in, leave a few mins then wash.” Kez Longson added: “Elbow grease, spray on both sides, leave for 10 minutes and pop in the wash as normal. Denture tablet will also work.”