American tennis player Mackenzie McDonald is enjoying the best season of his life so far after reaching a career-high No. 49 and reaching the third round of the French Open. The 27-year-old was dealt an unexpected blow in his bid for success at the Mallorca Open, however, when he was struck on the head by an advertisement board. The hoarding fell on top of him during one of his interviews at the ATP Tour 250 event, unsurprisingly catching the player by surprise. The men's event at the Mallorca Open is in its second year after Toni Nadal—uncle of tennis icon Rafael—was selected to head the operation. McDonald advanced to the second round of the competition after defeating Portugal's Joao Sousa 4-6, 7-5, 6-1 on Sunday. He'll face Botic van de Zandschulp or American compatriot Marcos Giron in the next stage, with that pair set to face off on Tuesday. And McDonald will be glad of the extra day's rest after the windy conditions at Mallorca Country Club resulted in an unwelcome bang to his head. Adjusting to grass-court play is often tricky enough without having to contend with concussion. READ MORE Rafael Nadal told he's achieved 'the greatest sport achievement of any person in history' Looking to recapture the trajectory that once saw him claim several wins on the ATP Challenger and ITF Futures series, McDonald is still waiting on his maiden ATP Tour triumph. He contested his only Tour final at last year's Washington Open but lost the ATP 500 decider to Italy's Jannik Sinner. The competition is only set to ramp up in Mallorca, with Stefanos Tsitsipas and Denis Shapovalov among his potential opponents if he keeps progressing. Nadal recently made an appearance at his home venue before travelling to London as the 14-time French Open champion hopes to stake a claim on the Wimbledon crown. DON'T MISS Wimbledon powerless as Russian player changes nationality to avoid ban Emma Raducanu told how to conquer injury problems as Brit fights to be fit for Wimbledon Novak Djokovic 'is angry' heading into Wimbledon with duo tipped to add more misery  One player who definitely won't feature at SW19 next week is Daniil Medvedev, who is prevented from competing as a result of the major's ban on Russian athletes. The 26-year-old's attention will be fixed on Mallorca, however, where he begins his defence of the trophy against countryman Aslan Karatsev on Wednesday. Medvedev's grass season continues after he suffered a damaging defeat to Hubert Hurkacz in the final of the Halle Open on Sunday. The world No. 1 went down 6-1, 6-4 in a nightmare decider as coach Gilles Cervara left mid-match following a torrent of abuse from his player.