Already multiple nations have pledged financial, military and humanitarian aid to Kyiv as the war rages on after more than 100 days. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has repeatedly called for more weapons delivered faster in light of foreign nations refraining from direct involvement in the conflict.   Now, the, UK, US and Germany have pledged further support to Kyiv according to a joint statement released by the trio of nations. The statement read: “The United States, United Kingdom, and Germany are deeply committed to supporting Ukraine as it defends itself against Russia’s unprovoked invasion. “Russia has shifted its focus to the Donbas region, where it is engaging in a systematic long-range rocket and artillery barrage against defensive Ukrainian military positions and civilian infrastructure alike.” The latest British Ministry of Defence intelligence report has suggested Russian resources are now wearing thin in the Donbas region, hinting units previously consisting of 600 to 800 soldiers are now struggling to muster 30 personnel – more than a 96 percent drop.  The three NATO members have now pledged to send more military equipment to Ukraine according to the statement. Including in this list of military hardware are Multiple Launch Rocket Systems, (MLRS) with guided rockets. On June 6, the United Kingdom announced it would donate three M270 MLRS launchers with GMLRS munitions. Britain has also actively supplied Ukraine with N-LAW anti-tank missiles that have obliterated hundreds of Russian tanks, in particular, during the early stages of the conflict. German Defence Minister Christine Lambrecht has announced Germany would transfer three M270 Mittleres Artillerie Raketen System (MARS) launchers and GMLRS ammunition from Bundeswehr stocks.  READ MORE:Desperate Putin throwing drugged separatists into line of fire The statement ended by saying: “The transfer of these MLRS systems, and the associated training our three countries will provide to Ukrainian operators is crucial to Ukraine’s self-defence. “The necessary training has already begun on the US HIMARS and UK M270 systems for their deployment in the coming weeks, and training on the German MARS launchers will begin very soon so the systems and their Ukrainian crews can be deployed urgently and without delay.” The United States has pledged a further $1bn (£800m) in weapons and support to Ukraine including Harpoon missiles and M777 Howitzer cannons. Speaking of the pledge following a telephone call with Mr Zelensky, US President Joe Biden said: “I informed President Zelensky that the United States is providing another $1 billion in security assistance for Ukraine, including additional artillery and coastal defence weapons, as well as ammunition for the artillery and advanced rocket systems that the Ukrainians need to support their defensive operations in the Donbas. “We also discussed Secretary Austin's efforts in Brussels today to coordinate additional international support for the Ukrainian armed forces.”  DON'T MISS:NATO's top secret base helping to CRUSH Putin [REVEAL]UK tipped to 'go in and kick Putin out' of Ukraine [EXCLUSIVE]China 'lays groundwork' for military base near Australia [REPORT] According to various charities, humanitarian aid is also a vital requirement in the pledge to assist Ukraine. So far, over 5.5 million refugees have been forced to leave Ukraine. UNICEF state 7.5 million children have been deeply affected by the ongoing conflict. An appeal by the UN body says: “Homes, schools, water supplies and hospitals have been damaged or destroyed. “Children have been separated from their families, and hundreds of thousands of people have been left without clean water, food or electricity. “Explosives are a daily threat to children’s lives.”  For more stories like this, follow Express.co.uk Defence and Security Correspondent James Lee on Twitter @JamesLee_DE Russia has been accused of a series of war crimes in Ukraine, with shocking images emerging on a daily basis. Allegations have also been made that Russian forces have used illegal cluster bombs, as well as White Phosphorous during its assault on Ukraine. With the battle for Severodonetsk proving to be a key moment in the war in eastern Ukraine, fears are now rising over the welfare of civilians and military personnel hiding in the Azot Chemical Plant. Russia has urged Ukrainian defenders to “lay down your arms” as the assault continues. 