A photo that started circulating online caused chaos and fury after it showed the Great Sphinx with its "eyes shut". The mythical creature, which has the body of a lion and the head of a human is thought to be the face of Pharoah Kafre who ruled around 2,500BC. It was constructed with its eyes open and has remained that way for 4,500 years. But a social media post gained serious traction after showing multiple images of the structure and a video of the Sphinx with its eyes closed. It was shared almost 7,000 times with some declaring it Wass a terrible sign and a harbinger of an impending apocalypse. Others claimed that it signalled the Sphinx was preparing to defend its country and that difficult times are coming. But tour guide and researcher Anyextee has debunked the conspiracy theory on his YouTube channel after heading to the Giza Plateau and showing the eyes are still wide open. He said: "You can make out the eyes right there. "I'm not sure what this is all about, but this is the Sphinx and you can see the eyes are wide open. "We can put to rest the conspiracy theories, Photoshop images, or optical illusions. "I don't know what happened, but you can certainly see the eyes are still wide open. "Even from an angle, the eyes are wide open." READ MORE: Stonehenge breakthrough: Ancient Roman road found in Wales may be route taken by builders Egypt’s Ministry of Antiquities has claimed that the images were modified using Photoshop, emphasising that this is not the first time that rumours have circulated about the Sphinx. Meanwhile, a statement posted by Tourism Egypt on Facebook also denied the claims, saying the pictures that had been shared must have either been taken at an angle, or edited in Photoshop. The centre added that a quick search on Getty Images shows the site on numerous dates with its eyes open. The Great Sphinx of Giza is a limestone statue of a mythical creature with the body of a lion and the head of a human. It stands within the Giza Plateau on the west bank of the Nile and is said to have been built to protect Pharaoh Khafre. DON'T MISS:Putin outsmarted: TWO EU nations strike deal to scupper Kremlin's grip [REPORT]Spain’s 'alternative plan' to cause 'substantial damage' to Putin [INSIGHT]Energy crisis: Sturgeon slapped down over North Sea oil power grab [ANALYSIS] It is the oldest known monumental sculpture in Egypt and is believed to have been designed, sculpted, and constructed by ancient Egyptians of the Old Kingdom But theories held by academic Egyptologists regarding the builder of the Sphinx and the date of its construction are not universally accepted, and various others have proposed alternative dates. Behind the Great Sphinx is also the Great Pyramid – one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World and possibly one of the most well-known structures ever built.