Joining Tim Lovejoy and Simon Rimmer on Sunday Brunch was Richard Madeley, Davina McCall, Richard Coles, and George Ezra. The hosts were in the kitchen explaining how to make Sticky Pork Buns and Richard and Davina were keen to pay attention as they devoured their own plate of food. However, George and Rev Richard could be seen ignoring what was going on to have a conversation themselves. George and Richard could be seen chatting to one another as Simon explained the recipe for his Sticky Pork Buns. The pair’s whispering was audible and Tim was quick to pick up on how annoying it was. “We are on telly guys,” Tim stated loudly as the camera zoomed in on George and Richard. “Just to let you know.” READ MORE: Naga Munchetty slams Matt Tebbutt for giving BBC co-star ‘a hard time’ George and Richard appeared visibly embarrassed to be called out on air for their private conversation. “No, I like it,” assured Tim. “Just a nightmare for the sound man.” The pair insisted they were talking about food but Tim jibed they’d simply made it up as an excuse to explain their chat. Earlier in the show, fellow guest Richard explained he was recently mistaken for GB News host Eamonn Holmes. “I was getting out of my car in a supermarket car park yesterday and a woman was getting out next to me and she goes, ‘Oh hello, where’s Rosie?’” Richard recalled. “I said, ‘Who’s Rosie?’ and she went, ‘You are Eamonn aren’t you?’ “I said, ‘No, I’m not Eamonn Holmes and anyway, he’s married to Ruth. I’m Richard.’ DON'T MISS...Sunday Brunch fans 'switch off' as they blast guests 'Who are they?' [REACTION]Richard Madeley confirms break from Good Morning Britain  [LATEST]Rev. Richard Coles hated monarchy until gesture from Princess Anne [INSIGHT] “And she said, ‘Oh of course, Richard and Rosie.’” Meanwhile, Sunday Brunch viewers were thrilled with the line-up on the show with many surprised they knew everyone. “Blimey I have heard of everybody,” @robin977 posted on Twitter. Sue joked: “At least people know who the guest's are this week #sundaybrunch” “Famous folk on #SundayBrunch what's going on! Muppets yes but famous at least,” Stuart McKinnon tweeted. “Who is more annoying tho, Richard or Davina? We will find out today.” Sunday Brunch airs Sunday on Channel 4 at 9.30am