Attendance Allowance is a benefit payment administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) for those who are of state pension age, which is 66. It is designed to help state pensioners with the extra costs that arise from having a long-term disability or health condition. As a result of their poor health or age, many older Britons are unable to physically apply for this benefit which could see them get an extra £92 a week. The benefit payment for state pensioners is awarded at two different rates, one higher and one lower. Its higher rate is currently £92.40 a week while the lower weekly rate is £61.85 for people claiming Attendance Allowance. Someone who claims the full amount from the benefit scheme would get £369.60 every month. How much a state pensioner gets from the bonus disability payment depends on the “severity” of their condition. READ MORE: Nationwide increases interest rate to 5% on key account It is possible to sign the Attendance Allowance form for the claimant if the signatory is an appointee, or has Power of Attorney that allows them to manage the person’s benefits or they are a deputy. On the Citizens Advice website, those looking to apply for Attendance Allowance can access advice on how to put forward a claim on someone’s behalf. The financial advice group stated: “You might need to apply for Attendance Allowance for someone else. “For example if they're too ill to fill in the form or if they don't have the 'mental capacity'. This means they're unable to make decisions.  “It's okay to fill in the form for someone if they can sign it themselves. “If they can't sign the form you'll need to have the legal right to do it for them." Citizens Advice emphasises that it is vital to have evidence of permission for applying for someone else before doing so. The group added: “You'll need to get the legal right if you want to apply for Attendance Allowance on behalf of someone who can't sign the form themselves. “It can take a while to get this permission so it's best to do this as soon as possible so you don't delay the Attendance Allowance claim.” For example, an appointee has the legal right to access someone’s benefit payments from the DWP. This includes reporting any changes to their circumstances or informing the Government body of any changes to their condition. Those who have a lasting power of attorney for a loved one will be able to make decisions for them or assist them in coming to decisions. The two types of power given to this person is health and welfare, and property and financial affairs. In order to be in control of someone’s benefit payments, they will need property and financial affairs lasting power of attorney. For example, if the claimant needs their DWP payments paid into their bank or building society account, the lasting power of attorney will be in charge of this. It is only possible to become a deputy for a loved one if they are unable to make decisions for themselves and there's no power of attorney to make these calls for them. 