Cam Norrie has revealed that he needed to ask Novak Djokovic to move out the way in his first experience as part of the exclusive seeded locker room at the All England Club. Norrie made light work of his first-round tie at Wimbledon in his bid to reach the second week of a major for the first time in his career. This is the first year Norrie enters Wimbledon as a top-10 seed having enjoyed a strong 2022 campaign so far. But he's been a seeded player for a while now and is gaining more and more experience as one of the elite players in the men's game. There are added benefits when seeded, largely a more favourable draw in tournaments to reach the latter stages. But at Wimbledon there is an old tradition of seeded players being given their own locker room. Norrie was denied that honour last year due to Covid regulations, but experienced it for the first time this time around. The British No 1 has been plopped next to Serbian tennis icon Djokovic and he admitted the six-time Wimbledon champion was in his way at one stage. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu's grandmother assured by private talks on Wimbledon  "I thought last year after making the final at Queen's, I think I was seeded 28 or 26," he said. "I was, 'Oh, I made it to the seeded locker rooms'. I went to walk in there. "The security guy was like, No, no, no, you're not allowed in. It was the top 14 seeds or something last year for maybe COVID reasons. I was like, Wow. I was so looking forward to doing it. "Yeah, now I've practiced here a little bit at the club. I've seen the locker rooms before. It wasn't the biggest surprise. I mean, the locker room is incredible. Especially all the players in there, the showers and everything, unbelievable. DON'T MISS  "Especially they put my locker right next to Novak's. I was asking him how Centre Court was, talking to him a little bit. "Mostly all his stuff was in the way of mine. I was trying to get past him, try to get to my locker. "Yeah, it's definitely a different feel coming in this year and being in that locker room, being around those players, having the chance to talk to them and see them around."