The Queen reportedly banned Prince Harry and Meghan Markle from bringing a photographer along when the monarch was introduced to Lilibet. ITV presenter Lorraine Kelly admitted she felt it was a “great shame” the touching moment was not captured on camera as she discussed the momentous Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex shared a picture of their daughter Lilibet dressed in a pale blue dress with a white bow in her hair. In the image, Lilibet is seen smiling at a picnic hosted by the couple at Frogmore Cottage in Windsor. Commenting on the picture, Lorraine said: “That little cutie pie is baby Lilibet. “Meghan and Harry released new pictures of their daughter after celebrating her first birthday last week. Read more: The Repair Shop expert Will Kirk startled by unearthed photo “The family hosted a birthday picnic at Frogmore Cottage in Windsor.” Lorraine showed viewers a picture of a floral cake and added: “Lots of people think this could be Lilibet’s birthday cake. “It’s made by the same bakery that made Harry and Meghan’s wedding cake back in 2018. “Now the Queen is believed to have met Lilibet could have been Thursday, Friday.” “Reports are suggesting she asked Harry and Meghan not to take pictures of the meeting which is a great shame,” Lorraine continued. “I’m sure they’ve got private ones though because you’d have to have that, wouldn't you?” A royal insider told The Sun: “Harry and Megan wanted their photographer to capture the moment Lilibet met the Queen. “But they were told no chance. It was a private family meeting.” DON'T MISS'You need to keep Boris in power!' Jeremy Vine savages Labour MP [VIDEO]'You're still under investigation!' Angela Rayner blasted by Jon Kay [INSIGHT]Sharon Osbourne blasts Republicans asserting royals 'will' remain [INTERVIEW] The photo was taken by family friend and professional photographer Misan Harriman. He shared the image alongside a black and white picture of Meghan holding her daughter. Misan tweeted: “It was such a privilege to celebrate the 1st birthday of Lilibet with my family and hers. Joy and face painting all around.” (sic) Harry and Meghan named Lilibet in honour of the Queen’s childhood nickname. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge travelled back to California before the Jubilee pageant began on Sunday. Harry and Meghan had made one public appearance over the Jubilee celebrations as the couple joined other members of the Royal Family at the Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral on Friday. However, they were also spotted at the window shushing the Tindall children during the Trooping the Colour. Lorraine airs on ITV on weekdays at 9am.