The manoeuvre known as “helicasting” sees the soldiers leap from their helicopters into the sea and quickly come ashore, often using Zodiac rafts but sometimes swimming. The technique is used to quickly move soldiers into contested areas an enemy force might deem inaccessible. The Marines from the Taunton-based 40 Commando were picked up by Royal Air Force Chinook helicopters in North Devon near the beaches of Brauton Burrows. The 47 Commando, the Royal Marines’ small boat raiding specialists, were also involved in the operation. The Royal Marines posted a video with captions on Twitter detailing the operations. It said: “Helicasting is a technique used to get commandos quickly into action. It involves dropping ten feet from a helicopter and moving quickly into shore. “Raiding craft take commandos to land where they can hit ‘enemy’ positions. It is designed to get commandos to places an adversary might deem impassable.   “Royal Marines of 40 and 47 Commando combined for the training in North Devon as they keep sharp for a range of operations around the globe.” Helicasting can be used to sneak commandos behind enemy lines or to quickly move troops onto a contested coastline. The technique takes immense skill and teamwork - soldiers jump into the raging surf as helicopter pilots keep the aircraft level just feet above the waves, according to the Royal Navy. Major Will Searight, the Officer in Command of 40 Commando’s Charlie Company described the Manoeuvre. He said: “Helicasting is a means of putting Commando Forces ashore along contested coastlines.  READ MORE: Former MPs struggle to get new job after losing seat 'On their knees' “The technique involves jumping from an aircraft in the hover and then either swimming ashore or linking up with a raiding craft and being put ashore as covertly as possible. “It’s a technique best suited to small teams with a reconnaissance role, and one that both Commandos and aircrew are looking to rediscover and further develop.” The Commandos were required to take swim tests before conducting the exercise which involved leaping into the water while carrying their webbing and their rifles. They were then required to tread water before swimming 200 metres, all while wearing their full kit and boots. The marines were put ashore by Chinook helicopters before extracting via Offshore Raiding Craft, small and fast boats which can carry grenade launchers and 50 calibre machine guns.  DON'T MISS:Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [INSIGHT]BBC Breakfast host worries fans after rush to hospital [REPORT]Royal Family: Meghan and Harry’s plot blown open [LIVE] The helicasting operation is just one part of intense training the commandos will do in preparation for regular deployments around the world. The 40 Commandos are preparing to operate as the new Littoral Response Group (South) which will operate east of the Suez Canal with regional allies and partners. The marines were seen plunging into the Bristol Channel as NATO revealed plans to increase its troops on “high alert” from 40,000 to 300,000 amid fears of Russian aggression. This would likely mean more British soldiers deploying as part of the NATO force in eastern Europe, particularly to the Baltic states of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg confirmed the surge in troops during a briefing today where he called Russia “the most significant and direct threat to our national security”. 