Charlie Sheen, 56, made it clear this week that he did not condone his eldest daughter Sami Sheen joining OnlyFans, pointing out that the decision had been taken while she was living with her mother. The teen's mother Denise Richards has posed nude for Playboy in the past - but Charlie has made it clear he does not want their daughter following in her footsteps. The former Two And A Half Men actor raged that his daughter's OnlyFans business venture did "not occur under my roof". The subscription service allows fans to sign up and receive regular behind the scenes content from users for a fee. He spoke to E! News on the matter this week, telling the channel he has implored her to keep things "classy". "I do not condone this, but since I'm unable to prevent it, I urged her to keep it classy, creative and not sacrifice her integrity," he explained. READ NOW: Piers Morgan reacts as ‘Aunty Meghan’ tweet sparks 'woke fan' fury "She is 18 years old now and living with her mother. This did not occur under my roof." Sami, who has over 40,000 followers on Instagram, made an announcement on the site about her new venture, inviting fans to click a link posted alongside a photo of her in a bikini. Mum Denise, on the other hand, made no mention of disapproving, simply stating that she loved her daughter "unconditionally". "Sami is 18, and this decision wasn't based on whose house she lives in," she responded to comments. "All I can do as a parent is guide her and trust her judgement, but she makes her own choices." She also replied publicly to her daughter's post to let the world know she was supportive of her decisions. "I will always support you & always have your back. I love you," she wrote. Sami previously penned a Happy Mother's Day message to her on Instagram.  "I love u so much mom. U have no idea how grateful i am to have u in my life," (sic) she exclaimed. Despite Charlie's vocal disapproval of Sami's new career, Denise had taken part in a nude Playboy shoot back in 2004, while they were married. The couple, who also share 16-year-old daughter Lola, split the following year. Talking later on Dean McDermott's Daddy Issues podcast, Denise explained that she had not hidden or made a secret of the fact that she had posed for revealing photos, and had instead chosen to be "honest" with her daughters. "They had heard that I was in Playboy... because now kids can go on the internet and see all kinds of things," she acknowledged, "so [I had] to explain that." Denise is one of numerous celebrities who had previously posed nude for the magazine, including supermodel Cindy Crawford and reality star Kim Kardashian. However, she claimed that her children do not Google her. "I don’t think they want to know certain things," she joked, adding "I wouldn’t want to read certain things about my parents!"