Manchester United reportedly believe they can snare Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong for far less than the £67million sum that the Spanish giants are demanding - after saving millions of pounds by cutting Paul Pogba loose on Wednesday. The Frenchman - who is United's £89m club-record signing - is set to officially leave Old Trafford at the end of the month. After returning to Manchester for an eye-watering fee, Pogba's lucrative salary means that United have actually shelled out more than £200m on the underwhelming midfielder since he rejoined the club back in 2016. The club officially confirmed Pogba's departure this week - and are plotting to replace him swiftly with De Jong. According to a new report from The Sun, United have 'opened talks over a £50m deal' with Barcelona for the Dutchman; a sum that is significantly lower than the former Ajax star's reported price tag. Manchester United's incoming manager, Erik ten Hag, is a huge fan of De Jong after working with him in Amsterdam and is keen to reunite with the playmaker in Manchester. READ MORE: Paul Pogba 'sent Ole Gunnar Solskjaer text' pleading for Man Utd star before club decision However, it remains to be seen if De Jong can be lured away from the Nou Camp by United, who are unable to offer Champions League football after their shambolic season in the Premier League, where they limped to a sixth-placed finish. Although De Jong has featured regularly for Barcelona since his big-money switch from Ajax, Xavi Hernandez is understood to be be willing to let the midfielder leave the club this summer if it will help to soothe their financial woes. The 25-year-old has racked up 140 appearances for Barca sign he joined them back in the summer of 2019 but is viewed as one of the club's most saleable assets. The Catalan giants have been plagued by cash issues recently and it is expected they will need to raise significant funds in the transfer market again this summer. DON'T MISS...Tottenham 'still want to sign Traore' but face competition from duoMan United confirm Jesse Lingard departure ahead of transfer battleBarcelona warned Chelsea defender pursuit 'may fall flat on its face' Prising De Jong away from Spain would be a welcome boost for Manchester United, who also bid farewell to academy graduate Jesse Lingard this week. Like Pogba, Lingard has been on the books at United since he was a youngster - but has ultimately failed to make the grade at Old Trafford. Pogba and Lingard join the likes of Nemanja Matic and Juan Mata in leaving Manchester. The veteran midfield duo had confirmed their plans to seek pastures new shortly before the end of the season. As well as a move for De Jong, United have also been linked with Leeds United star Kalvin Phillips as Ten Hag bids to reshape his midfield ahead of the upcoming Premier League campaign.