Gardening expert Alan Titchmarsh shared how to keep weeds down in vegetable patches in a video on his Instagram account. The video, from June last year, shared the reason why gardeners grow vegetables in rows. The 73-year-old captioned the video: “Why we grow vegetables in a row... “ Alan explained that the reason vegetables are grown in rows is actually to make weeding with a Dutch hoe easier. He explained: “People often say, ‘why do we grow vegetables in rows?’ I’ll tell you why we grow vegetables in rows. “We grow vegetables in rows because then the Dutch hoe - this wonderful instrument of torture with the horse shoe shape and the blade at the end - will go between them [the rows]. “It’s the finest way of keeping down weeds.” READ MORE: Cleaning: I used a 13p fruit to remove limescale from my kettle Alan said after rainfall, there can be a “crust” left on the surface of the soil. However, this won’t stop weeds coming through. Alan hoed between two rows of crops - radishes on the right and carrots on the left. He skimmed “lightly” between the rows to remove any weeds.  DON'T MISS‘Effective’ ways to get rid of mice in homes with natural scents [INSIGHT]Cleaning: ‘Great way’ to banish flies from homes - works ‘instantly’ [UPDATE]‘Critical to-do’ gardening task to grow ‘oversized’ peony blooms [ANALYSIS] Using a Dutch hoe will also allow a bit of air into the soil. He continued: “So with a Dutch hoe, the competition from weed growth is much reduced. “It really is worth doing, especially when the weather has gone a bit dry. “You’ll cut the weeds off, sever them from the roots and they will dry in the glorious sunshine.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Alan’s video, which was viewed more than 16,700 times, also received a plethora of comments. Instagram user @amys_art_kitchen replied: “Thank You! I am sooo getting one of those!” An Instagram user called Julia Cox said: “Thank you. I shall go get my hoe.” JP Lea said: “It's very much appreciated your videos and explanations.  “Clear, concise and easy to follow, thank you Alan.” Alan’s most recent post on his Instagram account is his “favourite” photo. The image shows him laughing with the Queen at Westminster Abbey. He captioned the photo: “A favourite photo. With The Queen at Westminster Abbey. Happy Platinum Jubilee Ma’am!”