The comedian, who was addressing a small crowd in a Portsmouth pub for GB News' Talking Pints on Farage at Large, took a swipe at Piers Morgan's ratings for Piers Morgan Uncensored. He joked there were more people in the venue than Piers' TalkTV show audience. The jibe comes after Jim branded the former Good Morning Britain presenter 'disgusting" in a foul-mouthed rant which went viral. During the GB News segment, Jim told the audience: "I have to say I didn't know there was a live audience and actually there are more people here watching Nigel than there are on television watching Piers Morgan." "I just thought I'd point that out," he added as the crowd and Nigel Farage burst into laughter at the comedian's dig. Jim continued: "I had to point that out and I have to tell you I don't watch the news a great deal because it doesn't really bother me. "I mean the price of petrol doesn't bother me as I am always banned from driving anyway. READ MORE: Blue Bloods blunder: Key Erin and Danny scene had crew equipment "And I think the cruncher in the leadership challenge will be Boris Johnson looking at how much Theresa May earned during that speech and I think it will be a, 'Thank you very much, it was lovely to be here' speech." The swipe comes in the wake of Jim's scathing rant about Piers which went viral last January. A furious Jim blasted Piers in a video where he lambasted his comments about the Prime Minister's handling of the coronavirus pandemic. Jim, who was filmed crossing his arms in a dressing gown, raged: "Piers Morgan wind your neck in."   "I can't believe what I'm listening to," Jim scoffed. "Talk about an opportunist, Pier Morgan-ist-isms calling for the Prime Minister to resign because we've reached 100,000 [deaths]. "They didn't call for him to resign last week when we reached 98,000. It's just why are we so mad about figures? We had 100,000 people die. "No one knew about this virus and Piers is saying, 'What did the Prime Minister do? He didn't go to his Cobra meetings,'" he raged. Jim, who said he was ashamed to know Piers after appearing on Life Stories in 2018, continued: "Piers, you make me so angry." DON'T MISS...'Brexit in name only' Nigel Farage warns over Labour 're-join EU' bid [LATEST]Piers Morgan in tears as gun massacre speech reminds him of daughter [MUST SEE]Piers Morgan fumes Heard and Depp trial 'should not have been televise [UPDATE]   "You don't deserve to listen to my life story. You don't deserve to listen to anyone's life story, do you know why? Because you don't f*****g listen. "And now you idiot, you just want to lay blame on the Prime Minister to make yourself look good. Jim added: "This is what this is all about, it's you wanting to look good. You don't look good, you look pathetic -and Susanna [Reid], so do you. "Shame on the pair of you. Just shame on you. Instead of trying to trip the Prime Minister over, why don't you do something to help?"  Piers hit back at Jim's attack by tweeting: "Hi Jim, Always good to hear your foul-mouthed, abusive, sexist, Boris-slathering views." Piers has not reacted to Jim's latest swipe on GB News which divided viewers, with @Whospulling asking: "Where is the joke in 'More people are watching Nigel than Piers Morgan?' I don't get it." However, @TheJedster added: "Not always been a massive fan of Jim but he was brilliant with Nigel tonight. Almost a double act!" GB News continues on weekdays on Freeview, Sky and Virgin Media. 