The London Medical Laboratory (LML) has identified three main risk factors for testicular cancer: age, skin colour, and height. After careful analysis of their research, they found tall, young, white men were at greater risk of the disease than others. Dr Quinton Fivelman of the LML said: “Being white increases the risk of developing the disease. “Our research indicates that the risk of testicular cancer among white men is about four to five times higher than that of black and Asian men.” READ MORE: Diabetes: The 30p fruit that causes a 'highly significant' reduction in blood sugar levels  This is a statement backed up by Cancer Research UK and research from the United States. Unlike with other areas of their health, men can find it difficult to talk about the well-being of their genitalia; it can feel embarrassing to talk about even to a medical professional and it is easy to ignore. However, it is essential men learn to talk about this area of health and charities are working to break the stigma and encourage men to open up and get checked if something is wrong. While a lot of focus is put on male health during November, some charities are trying to move the focus away from the winter and make it year round. READ MORE: Diabetes: The golden drink that lowers blood sugar - drink 'immediately' after eating Earlier this year, just as spring was beginning, Prostate Cancer UK launched a 30-second checker which could help men identify their risk so they could take action and get checked if necessary. The sooner cancer is caught, the sooner treatment can begin. Unlike prostate cancer, testicular cancer does present with symptoms in its early stages. Symptoms include:• A swelling or lump in one of the testicles (normally the size of a pea or larger)• An increase in firmness of a testicle• A difference in the appearance of one testicle and the other• A dull ache or sharp pain in the testicles or scrotum• A feeling of heaviness in the scrotum. The NHS say a man should go and see a GP if they notice a swelling or lump in one of the testicles. While the lump may be caused in several ways other than cancer, it is important to get it checked. Should a man not feel comfortable seeing their GP sexual health clinics do also provide testicular examinations. Even if it turns out to be nothing at all, the pain can sometimes be caused by stress, it is far better to know than to live in ignorance and pay the price later.