The former Labour frontman has teamed up with the group to argue the current "destructive economic model" is responsible for climate change and the current cost of living crisis. Mr Corbyn has joined the eco-zealots via his Peace and Justice Project, which he set up in 2021 after standing down as leader of the Opposition. Just Stop Oil has caused chaos up and down the country on a number of occasions in the last six months. Only yesterday the group held up traffic in Newcastle after blocking a major road in a demonstration against new fossil fuel licensing and production. Members of the public had to drag the activists out of the way. The group, which was inspired by the tactics of Extinction Rebellion, has targetted oil refineries, petrol stations and high-profile events such as Premier League football matches. READ MORE: Boris shames Labour as 'semi-repentant Corbynite loons' It hopes that by teaming up with the Islington North MP it can build a new "red/green" climate and social justice movement. They have named their new joint project "We All Want to Just Stop Oil". Joining Just Stop Oil today, Mr Corbyn said: "Movements are the motor of change in history. "When we come together, we can transform the world. "And we must because those in power – the fossil fuel giants, the billionaires and the governments they own – are picking our pockets and stealing our future." Lawrence Leather, a 22-year-old who acts as a spokesperson for Just Stop Oil, added: "As the climate breaks down, the cost of everything will rise. DON'T MISS:Kick out Boris and you'll get Corbynistas in No10 warns CAROLE MALONE [COMMENT]Could Jeremy Corbyn lose his seat at next election? [INSIGHT]Labour minister caves as she apologises for party's Brexit reaction [REACTION] "That’s why we want to bring together the broadest coalition we can, including the trade unions, Britain’s biggest social movement, around concrete demands that decarbonise and put money back in people’s pockets." The first collaboration between Mr Corbyn and the climate group will take place in central London next month. They have vowed to launch major action on Saturday July 23. Mr Corbyn has been a vocal campaigner against climate change over the years. In 2019, while still Labour leader, he called on the Government to declare a national climate emergency. "We are living in a climate crisis that will spiral dangerously out of control unless we take rapid and dramatic action now," he said. "This is no longer about the distant future. "We are talking about nothing less than the irreversible destruction of the environment within our lifetimes."