The 50-year-old EastEnders star, who has played Kat Slater on and off on the BBC soap since 2000, allegedly assaulted a police officer outside a nightclub in Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk in the early hours of Sunday morning. Following reports of the caution, EastEnders bosses have taken action and issued a warning to the actress. Following the allegations, Jessie was called into a meeting with soap bosses, where she expressed her "deep regret" over the incident. A BBC spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "Senior bosses have spoken to Jessie Wallace about the incident and issued a clear warning that this kind of behaviour is unacceptable and Jessie has expressed her deep regret." It came following stories that the soap star had attended a Madness gig on Saturday night and was later spotted brawling with police officers alongside a mystery companion. It was confirmed the well-known actress was then cautioned for public disorder. READ MORE: Gary Lineker's 'racist abuse' claims blasted by Martin Daubney A spokesperson for Suffolk Police stated Jessie had been cautioned after she was held on suspicion of assaulting an officer and for drunk and disorderly conduct. A statement shared with The Mirror reads: "A 50-year-old woman was arrested early on Sunday morning in St Andrew’s Street, Bury St Edmunds, on suspicion of assaulting a police officer/drunk and disorderly conduct and was released without charge after receiving a conditional caution." It is believed the incident occurred at around 2am on Sunday, June 20. A source told the publication that Jessie was accompanied by an unknown man when she was held by three officers after becoming abusive. Meanwhile, a video obtained by MailOnline shows the actress with an officer, who remarked: "You've assaulted me." Police since confirmed the incident and gave details on the situation. In order to accept a conditional caution, a suspect must sign a document confirming an admission to the offence along with details of what they did. DON'T MISS... Amanda Owen shares family update as Ravenseat welcomes new member [LATEST]David Attenborough faces rival as Stephen Fry lands nature host gig [LATEST]Whoopi Goldberg sparks petition calling for axe from The View [REACTION] It is not a conviction, but it is used as an alternative to a charge and is recorded on the Police National Computer. Jessie has been part of the soap since 2000 after Kat joined as part of the famous Slater family. Since then, she has been involved in several of the soap's biggest plotlines. Kat remains a significant character, who at the moment is at the centre of Phil Mitchell's (Steve McFadden) rivalry with dangerous gang leader, Jonah Tyler (Mark Mooney). Express.co.uk have contacted Jessie’s representatives for comment. EastEnders continues on Tuesday at 7.30pm on BBC One.