In this week's episode, singer Antony Costa, musical theatre star Zoe Birkett and journalist Nicky Taylor tried out healthy recipes and new workout plans in an attempt to lose weight for the summer. Journalist Nikki Taylor tried to slim down "without an A-lister's personal trainer on hand, figuring out how to fit in the exercise as and when I can," she explained. Singer Antony Costa blamed the "chocolate and crisps backstage" for his weight gain. He explained: "You just sit there eating chocolate and crisps, you know? "I looked ballooned. I did look like Michelin man." READ MORE: Jasmine Harman weight loss: Cutting one food 'really helped' lose 20lb  Personal trainer Tim and nutritionist Linia took them shopping to show them how to lose weight in a "healthy and sustainable way". Linia shared the essential foods that dieters should always include in the shopping list. She said: "Proteins keep you fuller for longer and slow-release carbs keep blood sugar levels stable. "Colourful vegetables add fibre, vitamins and minerals and small amounts of healthy fats help you absorb them.  "Best of all, every recipe tastes delicious," she promised. The nutritionist explained this wasn't "a crazy crash diet", but "something that they can follow for weeks and months and years to come" and shared a "delicious and simple" breakfast recipe that helps dieters lose weight in just four weeks. Linia explained the "ideal breakfast should be protein-packed to prevent cravings later in the day". The first breakfast on the holiday body plan is simple: scrambled eggs, smoked salmon and grilled tomatoes. Whisk two eggs together and add to a pan with one teaspoon of butter. Two pieces of smoked salmon top the eggs on a slice of pumpernickel bread cut in half. The nutritionist highly recommended pumpernickel but what is it and why is it good for you? Pumpernickel bread is a heavy, slightly sweet rye bread made with sourdough starter and coarsely ground rye. Its rich content of fibre helps to keep the blood sugar level from rising after a meal. The bread also helps you to stay full between meals and for a longer period of time. Linia shared another tip dieters should follow when going food shopping. She recommended "getting your ingredients for the whole week so you can plan your meals and keep track of what you are eating".