Virgin River fans have been on tenterhooks for the fourth season of the hit Netflix romance drama ever since Mel Monroe (played by Alexandra Breckenridge) dropped the bombshell Jack Sheridan (Martin Henderson) may not be the father of her unborn child. Theories as to what lies ahead have swept the web ever since but now thanks to a handful of first-look snaps from the upcoming drama, there may not be a happy ending for the pair. Mel and Jack have been on a rollercoaster ride of a relationship since the very beginning - whether it be Jack’s intrusive and pregnant ex Charmaine (Lauren Hammersley) or a gunshot leaving the bar owner fighting for his life. They face another test in season four as they try to work their way around the paternity bombshell that Mel delivered in season three - with her late ex Mark (Daniel Gillies) also in the frame. A trailer for season four still remains under wraps for now, but a series of first-look images have been released to show what’s in store - and one of them shows Mel seemingly striking up a friendly bond with a newcomer. Mel will welcome new doctor Cameron (Mark Ghanimé) to Virgin River in season four - and it’s safe to say it looks like the pair will get along swimmingly. READ MORE: Virgin River season 4: Preacher set for new romance as wife joins cast In a new snap, Mel and Cameron can be seen sharing a smile with one another. Cameron is standing with his hand in his pocket while Mel is shown looking into his eyes with a big grin on her face. Mel also has her hand and finger posed underneath her chin, giving Cameron her full attention. If their friendly bond develops beyond this snap and the challenges in her romance with Jack become too much, could this spell the beginning of the end for the Virgin River stalwarts? Plus, if Mel’s unborn child isn’t revealed to be Jack’s, will be able to overcome the bombshell to bring them up as his own? The snap certainly fuels the theory but there are plenty of other first-looks to get fans excited. Preacher (Colin Lawrence) is back alive and well following his uncertain end to season three in which he was drugged and abandoned in the middle of nowhere. And he appears to have a new love interest in the form of Julia (Lucia Walters) - who’s played by his real-life wife. DON'T MISS:Virgin River's Brie star sparks frenzy with 'photo dump' of new roleVirgin River’s Alexandra Breckenridge opens up on This Is UsVirgin River's Ricky star promises 'best season yet' However, another snap of Preacher shows him comforting a clearly distressed Connie (Nicola Cavendish), who fans last saw walking into the darkness with young Christopher (Chase Petriw) right into the path of vengeful Vince (Steve Bacic). Could she and Preacher have lost Christopher to his uncle following his return? There are also sneak peeks at the likes of Hope (Annette O’Toole) back with Doc (Tim Matheson) and newcomer Nick (Keith MacKechnie). While some of the first-look images may hint at rather tough storylines, it hasn’t stopped fans from expressing their excitement. Instagram user @franki.dixon.3 reacted to the snaps on the verified Virgin River page saying: “Why’s Jack comforting Ricky?! Oh God I’m already gonna cry that episode!” @snugsnotdrugs93 added: “I am screaming! So happy to come back to virgin river.” “Yay!!! Marking my calendar!!” @mzfoxxibrown commented while @monicaf____ echoed: “Yas yas yas yaaaas!!!! I'm so excited.” And @laila_rachmatiyah similarly weighed into the comments: “Yeeeaaayyy, can't waitttt!!!!!” (Sic) Virgin River season 4 premieres on Netflix on July 20.