Experts have shared ways families can make changes to their household appliances, such as swapping regular bulbs with LED bulbs, descaling your kettle more regularly, and more. Making these adjustments can be more sustainable, not only for the environment, but for your pockets too. Holly Herbert from webuyanyhouse.co.uk spoke to Express.co.uk about the changes households can make to save them hundreds of pounds on their utility bills. The property expert recommended replacing regular light bulbs with LEDs – a simple task that can save a household up to £854 a year. Holly explained: “LED bulbs use a fraction of the electricity compared to normal bulbs. “Most LEDs use at least 75 percent less energy, saving you a huge amount on your bill.” READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove yellow pillow stains - ‘easiest way’ Another simple step families can take is to move their sofa away from the radiator. Large pieces of furniture soak up heat, so if you place sofas or armchairs in front of your radiator, the warmth won’t circulate around the room as well as it should. Moving it allows the room to heat up faster and, in this way, can save a family up to £114 a year on bills. “Moving your sofa even six inches away from the radiator will allow heat to flow around the room much more effectively,” Holly said. “This can save you up to 10 percent on your bills. The more space between furniture and radiators the better, but because heat rises, you can get away with smaller gaps if you don’t have much space in the room.” DON'T MISS: Pruning tips: Always ‘remember the 3 D’s’ when pruning all plants [EXPERT]Gardening tips: ‘Best time of day’ to water your garden plants [TIPS]Gardening task that should ‘always’ be left to professionals [INSIGHT] It is worth remembering not to turn the heating on in empty rooms, Holly stressed. “If you have rooms in the house that you don’t use, turn the radiators off and close the doors, particularly in winter,” the property expert said. “This can cut your bill by as much as a third, depending on how many rooms you’re not using.” According to Holly, this could cut £376 off a family’s annual energy bill. As well as moving furniture away from radiators, it could also be a good idea to move furniture away from external walls, saving you £1,114 a year. Holly explained: “If you can arrange your house so that most of the furniture sits against internal walls, you should feel warmer. “You’ll feel the heat from throughout the house, rather than the cold seeping through from outside. “This should allow you to have the heating on for shorter periods of time and reduce your bill by five to 10 percent.” Interestingly, according to the expert, corner sofas are particularly effective at making a room feel warmer as they leave less empty space for draughts to build. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Another simple step to save money on bills is to use your kettle more effectively, according to Rebecca Bland from Oust. Rebecca explained how limescale in kettles can “slow down their efficiency so they will use more energy to boil the same amount of water”. “Descale your kettle and restore your appliance in eight minutes using Oust All-Purpose Descaler, which removes limescale debris on the internal coils of the kettle and maintains shorter boil times,” she said. “If you live in a hard water area, descale every three months, and every six months in soft water areas.” Rebecca added that it’s important “not to overfill your kettle”. “Only use as much water as you need when you’re making tea or coffee,” she said. Pouring vinegar in your kettle, leaving it for half an hour, and boiling the kettle can also help to get rid of the limescale inside.