Since Russia invaded Ukraine, the fighting has slowed and right now troops on both sides are moving back and forth fighting for villages in the south and east. Western weapons have helped Ukraine keep Russia at bay so far but have not pushed the invading force back over the border. Ukrainian leaders are calling for more heavy firepower and warning that unless they get it the conflict will continue. Peace talks held in Turkey in March failed to make progress and officials from both sides left empty-handed. In a message posted on Telegram today, Ukraine’s President Zelensky reiterated his desire to continue fighting until all occupied Ukrainian land is retaken. He wrote: “117th day of war. Over this period, more than five million Ukrainians were forced to leave their homes and go abroad.” READ MORE: Putin won't stop until Ukraine ‘subjugated' - WW3 fears rocket He added: “I do not want to call these Ukrainians refugees on principle. I believe they will return home. As soon as Russia gets out of our land. “As soon as peace is established. We will do everything possible for this.” Western leaders’ latest round of visits to Ukraine’s capital last week saw further promises of support. The leaders of France, Germany, Italy and Romania gave Ukraine their backing for EU candidate status saying Ukraine belongs to the family of Europe. In his second visit to Ukraine in recent months, Boris Johnson announced a UK-led programme for Ukrainian soldiers which would see 10,000 trained every 120 days. However, both Russia and Ukraine are taking heavy losses in the fighting and eventually the two sides will have to speak about settling their differences. Mykhaylo Podolyak, a Presidential adviser to Mr Zelensky, estimated to the BBC that between 100 and 200 Ukrainian soldiers are dying daily. Other estimates put the number of killed Ukrainian servicemen and women at around 10,000 since the start of fighting. DON'T MISS:Russia tank blown to smithereens in horrific close-up attack - VIDEO [VIDEO]Russia to launch 'greater hostile activity' as Ukraine gets EU update [INSIGHT]Remainers' number one argument for rejoining torn apart [ANALYSIS] Ukraine’s Armed Forces claim to have killed more than 30,000 Russian soldiers despite Russia having a much bigger army. UK intelligence estimates about half that number of Russian soldiers have died, but there are widespread reports of low morale among the invading force. NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg warned the conflict might not end as quickly as many people would like it to. Speaking to German newspaper Bild, he said: "We must prepare for the fact that it could take years. We must not let up in supporting Ukraine.” If the war continues for several years, there will likely be thousands more deaths and casualties. But many on the Ukrainian side don’t see any choice other than giving everything they have to reclaim their lost territory. Meanwhile, those on the Russian side are continuing to make threats against Ukraine and other European countries, and deny their role in the conflict. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov told the BBC last week that there is no war in Ukraine and denied that Russia invaded, saying it declared a special military operation instead.