The Duchess of Cambridge, 40, was visiting Cardiff Castle as part of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations with Prince William and their two elder children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte, on June 4. During a walkabout to meet the crowds who had waited to see them, the duchess stopped to speak to a woman who went on to praise her.  The woman can be heard saying, “You're going to be a brilliant Princess of Wales” in the short video, which has only just come to light now. In a clip, shared by Twitter user @hellen3030, a royal watcher shared the aforementioned sentiment about Kate Middleton's future as a princess, before the Duchess of Cambridge directed towards her husband and replied: “That's very kind of you. I'm in good hands.” The woman was referring to Kate's eventual role as Princess of Wales, which she will assume when Prince Charles takes the throne. Prince William will take his father's title, the Prince of Wales.   The title was famously held by Diana, Princess of Wales, who died in 1997 aged just 36. Kate Middleton was seemingly commending her husband, who she married in Westminster Abbey in 2011. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are due to inherit new titles when the former's father Prince Charles becomes King. Prince William is expected to inherit his father's title, becoming the Duke of Cornwall when in England and the Duke of Rothesay when in Scotland, with Kate taking the same titles as Duchess of Cornwall and of Rothesay, respectively. READ MORE: Princess Anne's son joins Camilla and Charles in Ascot carriage ride  Kate Middleton and Prince William were joined by their eldest children, Prince George, eight and Princess Charlotte, seven, for their first official outing in Wales amid rehearsals for the Platinum Jubilee Celebration Concert earlier this month. As for the Order of the Garter service, which Kate attended as Prince William's girlfriend 14 years ago, it signified that she had been welcomed into the royal family. She later attended less than two months after her royal wedding, when she and Prince William rode in a carriage as newlyweds. Far from staying in the shadows, Kate has emerged as a powerful player in the royal family since marrying Prince William in 2011. DON'T MISS: Hated deal remains ‘reminder Brexit not done’Health alert issued as Brits to sizzle in 34C heatwave this weekPrincess Beatrice's scene-stealing entrance at Royal Ascot