Beth Dutton (played by Kelly Reilly) and Rip Wheeler (Cole Hauser) finally decided to tie the knot after years of break-ups and make-ups at the end of the latest season of Yellowstone. Kelly originally bought the dress herself for a completely different scene, but the Paramount Network series showrunner Taylor Sheridan thought it was the perfect look to cap off season four. Actress Kelly revealed she initially proposed a completely different outfit for Beth and Rip’s wedding in Yellowstone’s season four finale. After growing up together on Dutton Ranch, Cole finally agreed to get engaged to his long-time, on-again-off-again girlfriend at the end of season three. Following another tough battle for the ranch, owner John Dutton (Kevin Costner) kidnapped a priest to give the happy, albeit unconventional couple, the ceremony they deserved. Beth originally wore her gold, chain mail dress to threaten a man in prison, and later combined it with a luxurious, white fur coat for the special occasion. READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series “I was like, ‘What’s the most gangster-moll dress I can have?’” Kelly, who bought the dress herself online, recalled. Although she originally chose the dress herself, she wasn’t sure she’d be able to pull it off during one of the most critical scenes of Yellowstone season four. Kelly revealed she rang up showrunner Taylor before filming the scene to propose some alternative looks. She explained to TV Insider: “‘Taylor, wouldn’t it be nice if she runs home, goes into her father’s closet and puts on her mother’s wedding dress?’ “He went, ‘Nah.’ And I got it: Beth doesn’t give a f**k what people think of her. She makes me a braver actor.” Beth is by far the most tempestuous member of the Dutton family and frequently proves to the ranch’s friends and enemies she can’t be tamed or silenced. While Beth is still protective of her late mother, she also refuses to show any sentimentality and definitely wouldn’t have opted for a nostalgic look for her own wedding. Fans will undoubtedly be bracing themselves for more furious clashes with Beth and the ranch’s rivals at Market Equities, as well as her adoptive brother Jamie (Wes Bentley). DON'T MISS:Riverdale delayed: Season 6 set for another hiatus on the CW [UPDATE]Squid Game season 2: Netflix fans blast renewal decision [REACTION]Yellowstone tributes pour in as season 4 star dies [TRIBUTE] However, Kelly revealed the next season will open with some rare moments of calm for Rip and Beth as they enjoy married life together. “They’re in a beautiful, solid place,” she revealed. “There’s something magical for her that this is now, finally, her husband, her person forever. “Marriage for her is a wonderful thing. Has it tamed her? No.” Unfortunately, their marriage sanctity won’t make things any easier for the ranch’s newest recruit, teen stableboy Carter (Finn Little). When asked if Carter will be able to call Beth his mother in the new season, Kelly shot back: “That’s opening a Pandora’s box.” Thankfully, Finn is confirmed to be returning for Yellowstone’s fifth season, but viewers will have to wait and see if the cowboy-in-training can persuade the newlyweds to soften up. Yellowstone season 5 premieres Sunday, November 13 on the Paramount Network in the USA. Seasons 1-4 will be available to stream on Paramount Plus when it launches in the UK later this year.