Deciding where the furniture goes may not be as thrilling as picking the wall colours, or deciding between carpet or hardwood, sourcing the perfect lighting, but where furniture sits in rooms is just as important as the decor pieces. There are plenty of obvious bedroom layouts that many stick to time and time again, but these designers all seem in agreement that the biggest mistake you can make is to go with the obvious. A rug is great to have in any room. Not only can they add colour, pattern, and texture to a room, they help ground a layout too. Interior designer Marie Flanigan believes that the lack of a rug in a bedroom is an “absolute no-no”, no matter the flooring type. She said: “An absolute bedroom layout no-no is omitting a rug in your space. “Whether you have hardwoods or carpet, I love the warmth that a rug gives to a room, even when layered over carpet. READ MORE: ‘The most effective way’ to make your home feel ‘more expensive’ “Rugs give beautiful symmetry and warmth to any space so they are essential.” Rugs can be ideal for creating zones within bedroom layouts too. For example, those who have a dressing area or a seating space, throwing down a couple of rug around these different spaces makes them feel even more like rooms within rooms – a top tip for making a small bedroom feel bigger. According to one interior designer, overlooking the view when entering the bedroom is a “common mistake” that should be “avoided”. DON'T MISS: How to clean oven racks for ‘sparkling results’ with ‘little effort’ [TIPS]‘Effective’ and ‘go-to natural method’ to ‘kill’ weeds ‘for good’ [EXPERT]Alan Titchmarsh shares how to avoid ‘mildew and black spot’ on roses [INSIGHT] James Arkoulis, creative director of Howard Designs explained: “It’s important to consider the size, proportions and orientation of a room when designing the layout. “One common mistake is to overlook the vista when you enter the room. “Walking in to the side of a chest of drawers or straight into the side of a bed should be avoided if possible. “Consider a stylish bedroom chair with scatter cushions, the front of a piece of furniture or the centre of the bed as the first thing you see.” Not making use of bedroom corners is also considered a “complete no no”. When space is tight in a small bedroom the option of floating furniture is limited and while it might be tempting to follow the traditional layout of bed in the middle of the room, tables either side, this can make the room feel so much smaller. Interior designer Benji Lewis explained: “Don’t dismiss beds pushed into corners as a complete no no. “If your bedroom’s small, don’t position the bed in the middle of the room and let it eliminate the inclusion of any storage. “By adopting the bed in a corner approach you might allow space beside it to fit a reasonable chest of drawers which could double up as a bedside table with a lamp on it.” Clutter is also a major factor to avoid when it comes to bedroom designs. This sounds like an obvious one but the main piece of advice is not to try and cram too much around the bed. Interior designer and co-founder Jen of Interior fox said: “When planning out your bedroom layout, there are a few key things to consider. “A bed is the dominant feature of any bedroom, it is the focal point and acts as a base to centre the rest of your room around. “If space allows, it’s always preferable to have space on either side of the bed to be able to get in comfortably on both sides, as well as a space for bedside tables.”