Wayne Rooney has informed Derby County that he will leave the stricken club this summer. The Manchester United and England icon has been in charge during a difficult 18 months, with the Midlands outfit in administration for over a year and yet to find a buyer. It comes amid reports on Friday morning that a local property business is preparing a bid to buy the club after acquiring its ground, Pride Park. Rooney feels that Derby need a new manager who has not had to endure the administration process. Rooney said: “Over the course of the summer I have been closely following developments regarding the ownership of Derby County. Today I met with the administrators to inform them of my decision that it was time for me to leave the club. In fairness to them, they tried tremendously hard to change my decision but my mind was made up. “My time at the club has been a rollercoaster of emotions, both highs and lows, but I have to say that I have enjoyed the challenge. JUST IN: Chelsea eyeing Man Utd transfer hijack as Blues ‘hold Antony meeting' “Personally, I feel the club now needs to be led by someone with fresh energy and not affected by the events that have happened over the last eighteen months. I will remember my time at Derby with great pride and affection and would like to thank all my staff, players and of course the fans for their incredible support. I will never forget you and hope to see you all again in the near future and in happier times. “Finally, I am aware that the club still have interested parties who wish to take over the running of the club. To them I say this, Derby County is a great club with a great history and great fans. I wish you all the best and much success for the future.” A spokesperson for the joint administrators from Quantama said: “The joint administrators are very disappointed that Wayne has taken the difficult decision to leave the club and we have spent some time today trying to persuade him to stay but understand his reasons for wanting to go. We are extremely grateful to him for his excellent work in the face of challenging on-field circumstances in the 2021/22 season and admire the manner in which he has led the team, the club and the local community through various off-field issues. DON'T MISS...Man Utd 'make offer for Raphinha' and receive responseChelsea boss Thomas Tuchel 'promised six signings' and handed £200mLiverpool star Klopp 'trusts' warned of exit unless he's 'consistent' “The joint administrators recognise that staff and supporters will be frustrated and equally disappointed by this news, but we all wish him, his wife Coleen and their four boys every success in the future and we are sure they will always be welcomed back. “All parties recognise the need to conclude a sale of the business and assets of the Club, as a matter of urgency and the joint administrators wish to reconfirm that Wayne’s departure will not affect those ongoing, positive discussions." Last week, previous preferred bidder Chris Kirchner withdrew his bid to buy Derby after funds needed to complete the deal never made its way from the USA to England. Local property business Clowes Development made a loan to the Rams on Friday to ensure the club can start the League One campaign, which they begin against Oxford United on July 30. Clowes Development is set to submit a bid to buy Derby after completing a purchase of the club's Pride Park stadium.