Although CBS’ hit procedural drama Blue Bloods came to an end in May, fans have been looking forward to its return and anticipating the fate of their favourite characters. As a result, viewers believe season 13 could bring another promotion for the Reagan family, with Jamie (played by Will Estes) on the receiving end.  Blue Bloods followed the professional lives of the Reagan family with patriarch Frank Reagan (Tom Selleck) at the helm. With the importance of family values at the core, Frank took pride in the fact his children followed in his footsteps in law enforcement as he was the NYC police commissioner. Each member of the family represented a different part of the legal process and highlighted the individual aspect of police work. With his daughter, Erin Reagan (Bridget Moynahan) as the assistant district attorney, Danny Reagan (Donnie Wahlberg) was an NYPD detective while Jamie was an NYPD sergeant.  READ MORE: Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser However, this wasn’t also going to be the case as Jamie only entered the police academy after choosing to give up a promising law career. Throughout the series, fans have watched his slow progression as he climbed the ranks in the force. Jamie was a police officer for a prolonged period of time as there wasn’t a superior officer who was willing to submit his name to become a detective. Although he enjoyed his job as a police officer, Jamie proved himself as capable as he conducted investigations similar to a detective on a number of occasions.  Thankfully, he received his promotion in season nine after he secretly took the sergeant test and gained a top result, after brushing off his father, who had urged him to take it. As fans await season 13, many have expressed their belief for Jamie to receive another promotion and secure a position as Captain. This came after season 12 saw him produce the required results as Sergeant, however, viewers saw a tense side of him. As a rule follower, Jamie often got on the nerves of those around him including his wife Eddie Janko-Reagan (Vanessa Ray) who worked alongside him as a police officer.  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Charity Dingle devastated as Noah killed off-screen [THEORY]Blue Bloods blunder: Key Erin and Danny scene had crew equipment [BLUNDER] Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck speaks out on significance of 250 episode [INSIGHT] While fans await season 13 to see if this will be the case for Jamie, it was confirmed his sister would rise the ranks and become the District Attorney. Although she had battled with the decision, Erin confirmed the news to her family during the weekly dinner together. She revealed: “I invited you also because I wanted you here when I told my family I’m throwing my hat in the ring for DA.” Erin went ahead with the decision after Frank had a dispute with the current District Attorney, Kimberly Crawford (Roslyn Ruff).  Which occurred after Kimberly was committed to not prosecuting non-violent criminals as it threatened to throw Frank’s role as police commissioner into disarray. As a result, Frank expressed his pride and was chuffed with Erin’s announcement. With Erin earning a promotion, hopefully, this will be the same Jamie who has dedicated his life to the force and been reliable. As a release date for season 13 has yet to be revealed fans will have to stay tuned to see if Jamie will finally become Captain. Blue Bloods is available on CBS. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 