Princess Beatrice married her boyfriend of one year at the time, Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, on July 17, 2020. The wedding only had a handful of guests due to the coronavirus pandemic. Since Beatrice tied the knot with Edoardo and welcomed her first child in September 2021, her style has undergone a huge transformation.  Popular culture and brand expert Nick Ede spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain. He said: “There has been a significant shift in Princess Beatrice’s style evolution and she now has become a standout fashion star in the Royal Family. “With her flair for championing UK based designers and always wearing designs that are slightly fashion-forward, her rise in the style stakes has made her one to watch. “In the past, she's rocked dresses from designers including Jonathan Saunders, Roksana, Gucci, Erdem, Mary Katrantzou and Alberta Ferretti to name but a few.  “Also she's been a darling on the FROW at fashion week with her stand out looks. “She adds a quirky but stylish penchant for a complete look. “Whether it's full length and fabulous or a tight bodycon dress with a matching bag, she's certainly cemented her place as the new Princess Margaret when it comes to dressing for every occasion. “We first were exposed to her quirky style when she wore the famous Phillip Treacy hat to Kate and William's wedding where she was compared to a Tellytubbie.   “But she quickly turned this fashion faux pas into a PR win by auctioning it off for £81,000 for Unicef and the start of her style transformation started. “She's been known to utilise her family connections and borrow tiaras. “Beatrice has even popped into her grandmother's wardrobe for dresses, one of which she wore to her own wedding. “She loves to wear feminine dresses that accentuate her petite figure with high heels and bold colours like green, teal and violet. “I think as she gets older we will see her become a bit of a style icon in her own right.”  What does Princess Beatrice’s engagement ring look like? According to engagement ring expert Max Stone from Steven Stone, the stunning ring was designed by highly reputable British jeweller, Shaun Leane. Mr Leane reportedly worked with Edoardo to create a piece of jewellery that embodied the couple's personality and love story. Engagement ring specialist, Max Stone, told Express.co.uk: "Princess Beatrice's ring is an absolute stunner. “A six claw round diamond takes centre stage, which looks to be around three carats.  "The round diamond shoulders two tapered baguettes, which gives the ring a vintage feel and Art Deco-inspired look. “For added sparkle, the ring also features small pavé diamonds halfway around the band. “The diamonds look flawless. "With this in mind, I would estimate the value of this ring to be around £130,000 to £140,000.” 