Janette Manrara and Aljaž Škorjanec joined Sam Quek and Gethin Jones for the daily workout on BBC’s Morning Live. However, the fitness routine didn’t quite go to plan as Strictly Come Dancing spin-off It Takes Two host Janette accidentally kicked special guest Dolly as the canine attempted to get involved with the workout. Gethin’s dogs Dolly and Ollie spent most of Tuesday’s Morning Live laying down asleep in the studio. But, at the end of the show, Dolly joined Gethin in the workout with the rest of the Morning Live team. Kicking off Strictly fitness, Janette revealed they were performing a move from one of her husband's dances with Sara Davies. She said: “This week we are celebrating Glastonbury and today we’ve got [Aljaz] and Sara’s move.” “Yes we have, our move from the Cha Cha Cha and a quick little story this is one of the few times on Strictly Come Dancing that I completely forgot what I was doing so this is a redemption for me.” Read more: ‘He's a good guy!’ Gyles Brandreth defends Prince William after attack As Aljaž and Janette closed the show, the former Strictly pro spun his wife around. However, unfortunately, Dolly’s curiosity got the better of her and as he trotted over to the couple, Janette accidentally hit her. Gethin could be heard shouting out Dolly’s name as Janette’s foot collided with the dog’s face. One surprised Morning Live viewer @gemtriesharder tweeted: Ok, a dog just got kicked in the head on Morning Live @daytimesnaps.” @Mazsa55 added: “#morninglive I'm sure the dog will be OK.” Meanwhile, former Strictly pro Aljaž recently revealed his plans to move into acting. He said: “Dancing is acting without any script. You are telling a story through movement. So I would love to do some acting. "Hopefully, I’ll get to do films,” the Ballroom and Latin dancer told the Daily Star. DON'T MISSWhere is Susanna Reid on Good Morning Britain? When will she be back? [INSIGHT]Madeley shuts down claims Prince William can modernise monarchy [INTERVIEW]GMB viewers demand Richard Madeley be removed over Rwanda question [INSIGHT] “That industry is something that has always intrigued me a lot, so I would love to do that.” Aljaž presented a gong at the British Soap Awards last weekend. He added: “One day, hopefully, I will be there as an attendee from a soap!” Janette and Aljaž were both professionals on Strictly before stepping down from the show. Janette quit as a professional dancer to present Strictly spin-off It Takes Two with Rylan. Earlier this year, Aljaž announced his departure from the BBC show. On Instagram, he wrote: “A little while ago, I made the tough decision that Strictly 2021 would be my last. "The show has given me an opportunity and freedom to create and express myself in front of millions of people every weekend for the last nine years. "Being a part of a group of professionals that inspire and push you to be better every step of the way is humbling, and I will carry that inspiration with me forever.” Aljaž went on to thank Strictly fans before promising he had “exciting stuff” planned. Morning Live airs on BBC One on weekdays at 9.15am.