Olly Murs, 38, has revealed he is engaged to his girlfriend Amelia Tank, 30, following a picturesque proposal during a trip to the beach. Olly announced the happy news on Instagram with a snap of himself and Amelia hugging with her huge diamond ring in view. He confirmed in the caption that he popped the question on Saturday, writing: “04.06.2022 Amelia Tank,” along with a ring and heart emoji. Bodybuilder Amelia also shared an insight into the engagement on her Instagram page. She posted a slow-motion clip of herself and Olly kissing on the beach. She also shared Olly’s photograph on her Story with the caption: “Here’s to forever with you,” alongside an engagement ring and love heart emojis. READ MORE:Kirstie Allsopp blasts commentator for 'clearly loathing' Royal Family Hundreds of their famous friends have taken to the comments to congratulate the happy couple. Josh Wright, brother of TOWIE star Mark, penned: “Congratulations mate.” Vicky Pattison exclaimed: “Omg guys!!!!! Yessss!!!!! Congratulations man.” Marvin Humes echoed: “Amazing news mate! Congrats to you both x.” And X Factor star Jake Quickenden wrote: “Congrats bro.” Olly and Amelia have been in a relationship since 2019. He met her at his local gym and claims he knew instantly that she was “the one”. The X Factor star also says that their love grew after a two week holiday in Morocco, which was the first time that they had spent an extended period of time together. DON'T MISSPiers Morgan reacts as ‘Aunty Meghan’ tweet sparks 'woke fan' fury[INSIGHT]Liz Hurley, 56, celebrates Platinum Jubilee in tiny white bikini[PICTURES]Zoe Ball blamed for 'painful' Jubilee version of Sweet Caroline[LATEST] He explained earlier this year: “When we went to Morocco on our first holiday together, we both definitely knew. “After two or three days, me and Amelia looked at each other and said, ‘Yeah, this is kind of it now, isn’t it?’ “We both told each other that we loved each other. “When we came back from that trip, Amelia said, 'I knew straight away that you were who I was going to spend the rest of my life with,' and I said the same,” he added to New Magazine. Last year, Olly sparked suspicions that the pair were engaged with a cheeky Instagram post of the duo dancing in front of Buckingham Palace. Olly and Amelia performed a Jive-style routine to his hit song, Dance With Me Tonight. In his caption, he teased: “SHE SAID YESSSSS!!!!!!.....” Before adding: “To dancing with me tonight.”