Sherwood is the eagerly anticipated new crime drama from the mind of Finding Neverland creator James Graham. The series, which is based on real and fictional events, will show how an already fractured community comes under new strain. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about Sherwood. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Sherwood. Sherwood will premiere its first episode on Monday, June 13, at 9pm on BBC One. Fans are then going to be treated to the second instalment the following day, June 14, in the same timeslot. Sherwood consists of six episodes in total with two episodes airing each week on Mondays and Tuesdays. This means that the grand finale will be shown on Tuesday, June 28, on BBC One. READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series Each instalment of Sherwood is going to have a rough running time of one hour. There is another way to watch the drama if you're not keen on waiting three weeks to find out how it ends. All episodes are going to be available on the streaming service BBC iPlayer after the series premieres on the mainstream channel. So viewers will be able to binge-watch the new show at the click of a button. Sherwood will tell the powerful story of how a northern community is impacted when two unexpected murderers are discovered to be living among them. A huge manhunt begins to find the culprits with the arrival of the Met Police threatening to open a historic wound caused during a 1980s Miners' Strike. The events from three decades ago heavily scarred those that live through the times and with two murderers on the loose, the community is once again at breaking point. But will they be able to pull together when it counts and find those responsible for the shocking deaths? DON'T MISS...Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser [REACTION]Sherwood: Where was Sherwood filmed? Creator talks locations [FILMING]Sherwood creator admits filming for BBC series ‘shut down’ [EXPLAINER] Sherwood has an all-star ensemble, including The Walking Dead actor David Morrissey as Detective Chief Superintendent Ian St Clair. He is joined by Hustle star Robert Glenister as Detective Inspector Kevin Salisbury, New Tricks' Alun Armstrong as former miner Gary Jackson and Phantom Thread's Lesley Manville as his wife Julie Jackson. Manville will be starring in the fifth season of The Crown on Netflix as Princess Margaret. Other actors will include Philip Jackson, Claire Rushbrook, Lorraine Ashbourne and Adeel Akhtar. The drama has been brought to life by James Graham OBE, who has worked on Ink, This House, Labour of Love and Quiz. Director of BBC Drama Piers Wenger said: “In blending real and fictional events, James [Graham] has created a penetrating, heartfelt and purposeful thriller which exposes the tensions and fault lines at the heart of modern Britain. "Sherwood is set to be an exceptional series by one of our greatest dramatists and we are proud to be bringing it to BBC One.” Sherwood premieres on Monday, June 13, at  9pm on BBC One.