Max Verstappen should ‘adapt’ to Sergio Perez’s driving style as his team-mate finds his feet at Red Bull, according to Ralf Schumacher. Perez was quicker than Verstappen all weekend in Monaco and picked up his third career win. The result leaves the Mexican just 15 points behind Verstappen in the championship as the battle intensifies. He warns Verstappen should ‘take this opportunity to learn a few things’ from Perez to ensure he does not get beaten by his team-mate. Writing in his Sky Germany column, Schumacher said: “One consequence of the Monaco GP is that after his win, Sergio Perez has moved close to the two leaders in the championship standings, Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc. So there is even a three-way battle for the world title. “I don't think Sergio will end up having the consistency that Max Verstappen has. But in Monaco he was the better driver all weekend. Max should take this as an opportunity to learn a few things from his teammate. READ MORE: Red Bull set for major disagreement with Max Verstappen's dad “Max has a very aggressive driving style. In the past he got along very well with the heavier cars. The new concept of the vehicles, on the other hand, suits Sergio more.” Schumacher added: “Therefore, Max should try to adapt Sergio's driving style in certain sections of the route and drive a little more slowly into one or the other corner." Last weekend, Christian Horner warned Perez was a ‘lot closer’ to Verstappen’s pure pace this season. The Mexican picked up pole position at one of the hardest circuits on the calendar at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. Perez was also leading the Spanish Grand Prix until he was asked to let Verstappen pass towards the end of the race. Sky Sports F1’s Martin Brundle said Perez’s performance gains are down to F1’s new rules package. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen can break Vettel Red Bull record at Azerbaijan GP [INSIGHT]Verstappen explains why he feels no pressure in Leclerc title battle [ANALYSIS]Charles Leclerc, Max Verstappen spotted watching 'unbelievable' video [COMMENT] He explained: “His last six races have included two fourth-place finishes, a trio of second places, and a glorious victory. “If he hadn't been obliged to yield to his teammate Max Verstappen a week earlier in Barcelona, he would be just one point off the championship lead, although it must be said Max would likely have won on pure speed with fresher tyres had they been allowed to fight.” He added: “These new ground-effect aerodynamic 2022 cars clearly suit his driving style.”