Hanging baskets make for a beautiful display in your garden or next to your front door. However, they can be tricky to maintain. With parts of the UK set to reach 35C on Friday, making sure your flowers are hydrated is essential. But, the time of day you choose to water your plants is crucial, especially as temperatures soar. According to experts from Prairie Gardens, gardeners should pay close attention to the weather forecast, as well as the appearance of their blooms to keep them "looking fantastic all summer long". If blooms begin to wilt, this can be a sign that drought has set in. READ MORE: ‘Essential’ way to help ‘thicken’ grass and maintain ‘fabulous’ lawn The gardening charity added: "The foliage and soil surface is also likely to stay drier for longer than evening watering, discouraging slugs, snails and mildew diseases." However, it is important to pay close attention to the weather expected in the coming days. Prairie Gardens said: "In the heat of the summer you should be watering your containers and hanging baskets every day. "On hot, windy or humid days you may need to water more than once. "And on rainy days you may not need to water at all." If your hanging baskets do require a second round of water on particularly toasty days, it's best to do it again in the early evening.  According to Prairie Gardens: "The best time to water your containers is in the morning to give them enough time to soak up the moisture before the heavy heat of the day. "Plants also absorb water faster during the morning." The Royal Horticultural Society further explained that plants begin to use water as the sun rises. DON'T MISSHow to stop plants wilting in the heat - 5 ways to revive your plants [INSIGHT]Lawn jobs to ‘avoid’ doing during a heatwave - ‘causes stress’ [COMMENT]'It's not too late' How to plant sunflowers this month [EXPLAINER] The gardening charity added: "The foliage and soil surface is also likely to stay drier for longer than evening watering, discouraging slugs, snails and mildew diseases." However, it is important to pay close attention to the weather expected in the coming days. Prairie Gardens said: "In the heat of the summer you should be watering your containers and hanging baskets every day. "On hot, windy or humid days you may need to water more than once. "And on rainy days you may not need to water at all." If your hanging baskets do require a second round of water on particularly toasty days, it's best to do it again in the early evening. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Hanging baskets should be watered until the liquid begins to seep out of the soil underneath. Prairie Gardens expert said: "If the soil is bone dry and the water runs through the bottom very quickly, repeat this process a couple of times." But, it is still possible to overwater hanging baskets, though this can be difficult to observe. The experts explained: "This can be tricky since the signs of over-watering or under-watering are very similar (yellowing of foliage). "The best thing you can do is use the finger test before watering. Stick your finger one or two inches into the soil. "If it is wet, wait to water. If it is dry, water away."