The Platinum Jubilee lasted for four days with the Queen joining the members of the Royal Family to celebrate the iconic event. The UK Government website stated that there were a total of 3,673 public events and 3,848 street parties or private events” across the UK, as people up and down the nation joined in the celebrations. The Queen, 96, missed the two events of the thanksgiving service at St Paul’s Cathedral on Friday, June 3, and the Epsom Derby on Saturday, June 4, due to her episodic mobility. However, the nation was able to see her wave twice from the Buckingham Palace balcony on the weekend. Elsewhere, Prince Charles, accompanied by his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, represented the Queen at several events including the Thanksgiving Service at St Paul’s cathedral and the Jubilee Pageant. He also took a salute for the first time at the Jubilee when he took a prominent role in Trooping the Colour. A recent Ipsos Mori poll puts Elizabeth II as the most popular member of the royal family at 45 percent – and a poll of Express.co.uk readers agrees.  In a poll that ran from midday on Monday, June 6, to midday on Thursday, June 9, Express.co.uk asked: “Who was your favourite royal in the Jubilee celebrations?” A total of 3,305 people responded with over a third – 36 percent (1,199 people) stating that the Queen was indeed their favourite royal. The next most popular royal was Prince Louis – the breakout star of the Jubilee with his eye-catching antics – gaining 17 percent (555 people) of the vote. This was closely followed by Kate, Duchess of Cambridge at 16 percent (537 people) of the vote. READ MORE: Attack failed! Meghan Markle told to 'think of new career'  Prince Harry was next in the poll at seven percent (236 people) of the vote. Directly behind Prince Harry was Prince William at six percent (198 people) of the vote. Meanwhile, 18 percent (580) people opted for “Other entries”, which included the likes of Mike Tindall, Paddington Bear, the Duke of Kent, and Lady Louise Windsor. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on who would make the best Prime Minister now. DON'T MISS: Queen and Royal Family braced for heartbreaking Philip milestone [REPORT]Attack failed! Meghan Markle told to 'think of new career' [INSIGHT] Prince Charles' succession plans laid out by constitutional expert  [ANALYSIS]  One reader, username Hunter 129, agreed with the top poll results and said: “Her Majesty the Queen, and Prince Louis!” Another reader, username one love, was more general and said: “The Entire Family stole our Hearts.” One reader, username redduke said: “The Queen of course....but Princess Anne portrays a monarchy.” Another reader, username raylynup said: “They were all good value.” Username, fruitshoot agreed with winning choice and stated: “Obviously the Queen...it's all about her at the Jubilee.” One reader, username Elena Lieskounig mentioned who her favourite royals were and stated: “Charles and William.” Another reader username, Whinger stated: “Prince Charles did a wonderful job with dignity and without pushing himself forward.”