The presenter and former football player was announced last year as Dan Walker's replacement as host of BBC sporting staple Football Focus. Addressing the negative comments she receives, including a tweet posted last year by Lord Digby Jones suggesting she needs "elocution lessons," 37-year-old Alex Scott said she didn't want any shows "to be taken off air," asking "who wins?" as she reflected on remarks made during her coverage of last year's Olympic Games. Alex is well known for offering her expertise on Football Focus as well as her punditry on Match of The Day. However, after she replaced former BBC Breakfast star Dan last year, she has received some abuse from viewers. Alex grew up in Poplar, East London, and last year she hit back at criticism from former government minister, Lord Digby Jones. As she hosted last year's Olympics coverage, Jones took to Twitter to comment on her accent. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun fans slam pair for rejecting 'dream' Danni find Opening up on this and concerns over her position as BBC host, she stated: "I didn’t want to be taken off air because then who wins? "I’ve had so many tweets saying I should be at home ironing or cooking. "I don’t care about those, but sometimes people threaten my life and those have to be taken seriously." Speaking to Radio Times, she went on: "It’s my responsibility to change perceptions by sitting in that chair and talking about football." She also addressed the lack of diversity in teams, adding: "The women’s game has grown and cages aren’t as important anymore. "Instead, all these academies have appeared that are maybe two hours away, and an inner-city street kid doesn’t have the financial means to access them." During last year's Olympic Games, Alex hosted coverage alongside Clare Balding. Lord Digby Jones commented on her accent, complaining: "Enough! I can’t stand it anymore! DON'T MISS... Coronation Street theory: Audrey Roberts to face deadly exit [THEORY]Gogglebox fans ecstatic as Johnny Ball makes rare appearance [REACTION]One Question viewers blast Claudia Winkleman's new gameshow [LATEST] "Alex Scott spoils a good presentational job on the BBC Olympics Team with her very noticeable inability to pronounce her ‘g’s at the end of a word. "Competitors are NOT taking part, Alex, in the fencin, rowin, boxin, kayakin, weightliftin & swimmin." At the time, the former sports star replied: "I’m from a working-class family in East London, Poplar, Tower Hamlets & I am PROUD. "Proud of the young girl who overcame obstacles, and proud of my accent! It’s me, it’s my journey, my grit." Many fans took to social media to defend Alex following the incident. Among those was Mayor of London Sadiq Khan, who shared: "From a proud sarf Londoner to a proud East Londoner: well said @AlexScott Our diversity is our strength." Alex has continued to host recent sporting events, most recently presenting Soccer Aid with Dermot O'Leary. Football Focus is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.