Passengers flying in and out of East Midlands Airport this afternoon were hit with disruption due to reports the airport had been shut due to 'drones', as reported by LeicestershireLive. The airport instructed all departures 'to refer to terminal screens' while inbound passengers needed to refer to their airlines.   The disruption reportedly began shortly after 2pm. One holiday-maker said their flight towards Leicestershire had been re-routed to Leeds until further notice. A passenger on a Jet2 flight says the captain on the plane announced the drones were being flown in the airspace by people attending Download Festival in nearby Donington Park, in Castle Donington. East Midlands Airport provided a joint statement on the closure with Leicestershire Police and Download Festival. It said: "Recent reports of drone sightings near Donington Park have resulted in some operational disruption at East Midlands Airport during the last 48 hours. This has primarily affected the night-cargo operation but a small number of passenger flights have been diverted to other airports this afternoon. "The safe operation of the EMA aerodrome and the safety of the public at the event are a priority. Together, Leicestershire Police, festival organisers and the airport continue to work closely to monitor the situation". "As a result, both the festival organisers and the police have enhanced the number of patrols on site and the surrounding areas. The public are reminded that flying a drone in proximity to an operational airport is an offence under the Civil Aviation Act 1982 and is a huge risk to public safety. "The police will take appropriate action if necessary.” READ MORE: London emergency: Stratford station evacuated  A passenger on a Jet2 flight from Malaga said they were due to land at 2.30pm. However the flight was rerouted to Leeds to refuel and wait for all the clear. The passenger says they were informed at least 12 more flights are waiting to land. One user on Twitter said: "East Midlands Airport currently closed due to Drone Activity. All Flights and Departures are delayed until further notice." There have been no more reported delays at East Midlands Airport. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Putin humiliated as leading battalion REFUSE to fight [LIVE]Putin health fears as Russian leader given 'urgent medical assistance' [INSIGHT]Vladimir Putin sends chilling threat to Sweden with emperor comparison [PICTURES The airport instructed all departures 'to refer to terminal screens' while inbound passengers needed to refer to their airlines for further information. One passenger said they were informed that at least 12 more flights are waiting to land shortly after 2.30pm. The drones were spotted near Donington Park in Castle Donington - the site of three-day rock-fest, Download Festival.