Dr Michael Mosley has shared two foods types that he insists will boost weight loss. The diet guru revealed slimmers wanting to shed belly fat should be "cutting out" some sugars and carbs. He explained how fat is stored around a person's middle, which can start to create other health issues. "You need to understand the basics of how insulin works. Your body makes insulin after a meal in order to keep blood sugar stable," he said. "On your cell walls, insulin opens up glucose ports to allow sugar through – for burning in muscle, and for storage in fat. "In your fat, insulin also curbs the release of fatty acids into your system." He continued: "All well and good – as long as your insulin is working. However, as we age cell-wall insulin receptors become less sensitive. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "As a result, even after a meal, our blood is replete with glucose and fatty acids. This is a toxic brew, driving an array of bad outcomes, including rapidly-expanding belly fat.” Dr Mosley revealed that because of this, belly fat can impact older people more than young people. It can also affect women going through the menopause as their changing hormones can impact heir metabolism and slow it down. In order to combat this, the expert suggested a change of diet for both women and men over 50. He said: "To make a serious impact on your belly fat, cutting out sugar-spikes is key. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "A surprising number of 'diet' snacks and drinks are high in sugar, and are marketed as diet foods because they happen to be low in fat." Therefore, Mosley advised eating fewer sugary fruits such as mango, pineapple, sugary smoothies, and juices. As for carbs, he stressed that "when people cut carbs, their appetite goes down and they lose weight". Instead, he suggested "replacing processed carbs" like chips and pasta with slow-release energy sources, such as brown rice or quinoa. Dr Mosley added: "Two things will surprise you: the amount of sugar you were consuming unawares, and the speed at which your belly fat will begin to tame itself." Dr Mosley is also a firm believer in intermittent fasting as a successful weight loss tool. And his own diets - the 5:2 and the Fast 800 - have been create to help people on their weight loss journey. He said: "The idea that fasting 'slows your metabolism' is a myth. "Under conditions of marked energy deficit – 800 calories per day or less – not only do you simply lose weight by eating fewer calories, but your body responds to the stress of fasting by enhancing hormone function to facilitate weight loss and burn fat for energy. "Short-term fasting can lead to several changes in the body that make fat burning easier. This includes reduced insulin, increased growth hormone, enhanced epinephrine signalling and a small boost in metabolism." He added that this is supported by numerous studies, saying: "According to a 2014 review of the scientific literature, intermittent fasting can cause weight loss of three to eight percent over three to 24 weeks." His 5:2 diet involves calorie-controlled dishes that involve no more than five main ingredients. Explaining why this change is advantageous, the diet guru said: “Fast days are easier than ever to shop and prepare for. “It’s also handy if you’re watching your wallet as well as your waistline.”