Chelsea are reportedly monitoring Robert Lewandowski’s transfer situation with Barcelona in anticipation of making a move for the Poland captain. The forward looks set to leave Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich in search of a new challenge but is yet to receive a firm offer from another club. Lewandowski is considered one of the best strikers in world football but hopes to move on from Germany following an eight-year spell in Bavaria. The Bayern no 9 scored an impressive 344 goals in 374 games while at the club and is naturally attracting interest from across the continent. It is no secret that Chelsea are in the market for a new striker given Romelu Lukaku’s poor form since resigning from Inter Milan. The Belgian was supposed to be the club’s long-term no 9 after joining in a £97 million deal last summer - but he has struggled back in England scoring just eight times in the Premier League. He looks set to leave again this summer and has been linked with a sensational loan switch back to Inter. This has led the Blues to seriously consider Lewandowski as an option and 90min.com report that the club are keeping a close eye on his situation. The club are in close contact with the Pole’s agent Pini Zahavi but are yet to make a formal offer given Barcelona’s interest. Chelsea would even be prepared to offer Bayern a 12-month loan deal for the forward in the hope of making some progress. This has led the Blues to seriously consider Lewandowski as an option and 90min.com report that the club are keeping a close eye on his situation. The club are in close contact with the Pole’s agent Pini Zahavi but are yet to make a formal offer given Barcelona’s interest. Chelsea would even be prepared to offer Bayern a 12-month loan deal for the forward in the hope of making some progress. However, Lewandowksi personally looks set on a move to the Catalan giants and has said he would only consider an offer from them at the moment. There is a lot of work still to be done on the deal however with the Spanish side struggling financially. The club must trim their wage bill before they can offer a deal to the 132-times capped international, this may leave the door slightly ajar for Chelsea. One thing that is certainly true is Lewandowski’s intention to leave the German champions. Speaking in May the striker said: "My story with Bayern has come to an end, I cannot imagine further good cooperation. I hope they will not stop me from leaving just because they can. A transfer is the best solution for everyone." Chelsea fans will hope that Barcelona’s financial situation will leave it impossible for them to sign the Pole, giving their club the opportunity to swoop. The transfer is set to be one of the long-running sagas of the summer. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here