Manchester United remain interested in signing Ajax winger Antony, although they have massively underestimated their valuation of the winger. United were reportedly readying a bid of £40million for the Brazilian, but The Times have stated that Ajax have placed a £69m price-tag on the star. United may be far from matching Ajax's valuation, but there is a long way to go in the transfer window and Antony has already hinted that he is open to a move. Erik ten Hag left Ajax in the summer to become the new United boss, and the Dutch champions have been bracing themselves for a raid ever since. Ten Hag is closing in on his first signing, as Frenkie de Jong looks set to join United from Barcelona in a deal worth £67m. But the former Ajax star could be joined by a current one, if United can poach him from the Dutch side this summer. And Antony has already told Ten Hag that he's ready to "stand" with him if he is 'needed'. JUST IN: Glazers face fresh Man Utd anger with protest at Ten Hag's first game Following Ten Hag's departure, Antony said: "I want to thank you for everything you taught me. I am thankful for all the opportunities and learning every day. Know that I will always stand with you if you need me." The major hint suggests that the Brazilian is open to joining Ten Hag at United, should they come to an agreement with Ajax over a transfer. The Dutch side are used to being raided for their top talent, and this summer is no different. Their golden generation in 2019 was ripped apart as De Jong, Hakim Ziyech, Matthijs De Ligt and then Donny van de Beek were all signed by some of Europe's top clubs. And this summer the likes of Lisandro Martinez, Jurrien Timber and Antony have also been targeted. JUST IN: Glazers face fresh Man Utd anger with protest at Ten Hag's first game Ajax will not want to let their stars go, not unless it's at the right price anyway. And they hold all of the power in this scenario as they know that United are strapped for cash. Due to debts at the club, Ten Hag is expected to be given a slightly restricted budget of £100m this summer, and with De Jong already set to cost £67m a large portion has already been spent. United were hoping to slightly push the envelope and spend £40m on Antony, but they're almost £30m shy of what Ajax have demanded. Antony is also contracted until 2025, meaning that the Brazilian still has three years left on his deal. United may have to play the long game with Ajax this summer, or look elsewhere if the Dutch side stand firm.