With Men's Health Week underway, experts have shared their advice when it comes to looking after men's health and to raise awareness of health problems faced by men of all ages. Nutriburst, the sugar-free and vegan vitamin gummies brand, are working together with leading nutritionist Jenny Tschiesche, to identify the key areas men need to focus on when it comes to getting the right vitamins to keep their bodies running smoothly.  Expert Jenny Tschiesche revealed there are certain nutritional elements men have been scientifically proven to lack, and others that the male body needs. Jenny identified that zinc levels are highly associated with increased sperm volume/count. The chemical element alongside other nutrients can help to protect sperm from damaging effects caused by toxins. "Zinc is essential to sperm production," she explained. "In fact, decreased semen volume and lower testosterone levels are associated with low zinc supplies." Research indicates zinc supplementation may help to improve sperm parameters and low testosterone levels. For an adult male, 11mg of zinc per day is considered the ideal amount to consume. A high-protein diet will usually contain enough zinc, with meats including beef, pork, lamb, and chicken all containing good sources of zinc. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "Men are commonly deficient in omega-3 fats," Jenny said. These are known as essential fatty acids or EFA’s and they play "crucial" roles in the body, such as: Lowering blood pressure Reducing triglycerides Slowing the development of plaque in the arteries Reducing the chance of abnormal heart rhythm Reducing the likelihood of heart attack and stroke Lessening the chance of sudden cardiac death in people with heart disease Jenny added: "They help maintain cell membrane function, but they also help reduce inflammation and regulate pain. "Furthermore, they play a role in cardiovascular health including regulation of both cholesterol levels and blood pressure." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] There are many types of B vitamins, including: Thiamin (vitamin B1) Riboflavin (vitamin B2) Niacin (vitamin B3) Pantothenic acid Vitamin B6 Biotin (vitamin B7) Vitamin B12 Folate and folic acid (Vitamin B9) "Folic acid is an important B vitamin," said Jenny. "It is believed to play a role in prevention of heart disease because it helps prevent the build-up of Homocysteine, a substance that can lead to heart and blood vessel disease if produced in excess. Vitamin B12 also plays a key role in the male body. Unfortunately, many men simply do not get enough Vitamin B through their diet or natural means and without the proper amount of Vitamin B12, research has found some men may find themselves feeling and looking sluggish, depressed, forgetful and generally less than healthy. Jenny explained: "Vitamin C is an antioxidant that helps protect the body by neutralising free radicals. "This means it can play a role in anti-aging." The recommended daily intake for vitamin C is 75mg for women and 90mg for men. While it's commonly advised to get your vitamin C intake from foods, many people turn to supplements to meet their needs. "Many men who work inside all day don’t get enough exposure to the sun," Jenny said. "[This] is needed for the body to be able to manufacture vitamin D. She noted that with living in the UK, it can be "difficult to get enough" vitamin D from food "so supplementing is recommended". Through their partnership in honour of Men's Health Week, Jenny promoted Nutriburst's Healthy Muscles & Bones supplement, which she said is "important" for a person to incorporate into their morning routine. "These vitamins contain both calcium and vitamin D, contributing to a normal energy-yielding metabolism and the functioning of the immune system," she advised. 