The ex-Brexit Party and UKIP leader was joined on his 'Talking Pints' GB News show by Daily Mail columnist Robert Hardman as the pair looked forward to the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations to mark Her Majesty's 70th year on the throne starting tomorrow. The Trooping of the Colour, led by the 1st Battalion of the Irish Guards and the regiment's colonel Prince William, will kickstart proceedings at 10am. Mr Farage, who insisted in 2019 that he is a "big royalist" despite admitting to having a few "run-ins" with Prince Charles, said on GB News: "Our current high level of reverence for the institution here in this country and around much of the world is about her, isn't it?" Mr Hardman replied: "A lot of it is about her but I think it does go deeper than that. "There's a sense that all that she represents and a future Prince Charles and a future Prince William will represent that too." However, the GB News host appeared to question his guest. He said: "Really? But she seems to have developed a certain aura." JUST IN: Harry and Meghan WILL attend Trooping the Colour as Prince Charles stands in for Queen Farage added: "I can tell you, Donald Trump, who is not fazed by much or many things. “I spoke to him on the phone about 40 minutes after he had been to Buckingham Palace for the state visit. “He was like an excited schoolboy, I just could not believe it. “To be honest, he’s never stopped talking about meeting the Queen ever since, he was massively impressed by her." The ex-MEP, who campaigned for Mr Trump in the 2016 and 2020 US Presidential Elections, interviewed the 45th President about his experience with the 96-year-old monarch. Mr Trump told Mr Farage in December: "I think she’s a fantastic woman." The ex-POTUS, who opened up a five-point lead over Joe Biden in an exclusive poll for Express.co.uk, added: "We had a great time together, we then had an evening, the likes of which you rarely would see and I think she was laughing and smiling, we got along great, we talked the whole night." Looking ahead to the Queen's Jubilee, Mr Farage also claimed the Queen's popularity can even be visible in a Caribbean nation which obtained independence in 1958 and became a republic by 1976. He said: "Remember being in a taxi in the West Indies last year, and Philip had just died. "I was talking to a Trinidadian driver and he said ‘we may have got independence years ago, but she’s still my Queen’. "And I can’t think of anybody else in the world who would command that level of respect and affection." DON'T MISSPiers Morgan reacts as Meghan and Harry's popularity at 'all time low' [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'going to have tough week' [VIDEO]Meghan Markle's Jubilee stint slammed by GB News guest [ANALYSIS] Despite becoming a republic, Trinidad & Tobago is a Commonwealth member and joined the 54-strong group in 1962. Mr Farage concluded his Jubilee segment with Mr Hardman by asking if Her Majesty is the "most popular human being on the globe today". Mr Hardman replied: "I think you can certainly say she is the most respected Head of State in the world today." In December 2021, YouGov commissioned a 'world's most admired' survey. Her Majesty ended up in third place on the female list, behind ex-First Lady Michelle Obama and American actress Angelina Jolie. The Queen's popularity in Britain has also held firm with a net approval rating of 69 percent in YouGov's most recent poll.