Arsenal are set to sign Fabio Vieira from Porto - and fans are already getting excited over his arrival. Vieira is set to join the Gunners for an initial £30million plus add-ons and a familiar song could be ringing around the Emirates from next season. Arsenal have made one signing so far this summer in Brazilian youngster Marquinhos. Vieira will become the second addition and is likely to be a hit with the club's supporters. His namesake, and legendary former Arsenal captain, Patrick Vieira had a memorable chant from the Highbury faithful during his nine years at the club. And the Portuguese youngster is likely to have it sung at him from day one. Arsenal fans still to this day sing about their former skipper Vieira. But a slight change to the song will hand Fabio Vieira a chant of his own. A host of Gunners supporters on social media have already tweeted the new lyrics. To the tune of Domenico Modugno's 'Volare', the song will likely be: Vieira woah,Vieira woah,He comes from Portugal,He plays for Arsenal! READ MORE: Arsenal shirt numbers Fabio Vieira could wear after Gunners 'agree £30m transfer'  Patrick Vieira won three Premier League titles and four FA Cups during his nine-year spell in north London. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest players and captains in the club's history. So if Fabio Vieira can even have half of his success, it will prove to be a good signing by Mikel Arteta. The Athletic claims Vieira will fly to London on Thursday to complete a medical and sign a five-year contract. Vieira is an attacking midfielder who has also played as a false No 9 and in central midfield. He has played the entirety of his professional career to date at Porto, making 75 appearances since his debut in 2020. DON'T MISSArsenal 'agree deal to sign Fabio Vieira' with Porto star 'to fly to London' for medicalAvram Glazer’s promise as Man Utd push to make six signings for Erik ten HagBarcelona's 'promise' is excellent news for Man Utd and Frenkie de Jong pursuit  He appeared 39 times for the Portuguese side last season, with seven goals and 16 assists to his name. Arsenal will pay £30m, with a potential further £4.2m in performance-related add-ons. Arsenal are also firmly in the market for a striker this summer. Manchester City's Gabriel Jesus remains their top target for that position. The Times claims Arsenal are set to increase their initial offer to City for Jesus, which will be nearer to the Premier League champions' valuation of around £50m. The Gunners are confident of completing a deal and the player is keen to work with Arteta again, having played under him while he was assistant to Pep Guardiola at City. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 