Manchester United are ready to perform their second hijack of the summer transfer window as they prepare a £40million bid to sign Ajax centre-back Lisandro Martinez. Arsenal have made two lower offers for the 24-year-old in recent weeks, but United look set to match Ajax's asking price. The Red Devils are plotting a £40m offer for Martinez after Erik ten Hag made him his priority centre-back transfer target, talkSPORT report. And the fee, with minimal add-ons, would meet Ajax's £43.3m (€50m) valuation and likely be enough to beat Arsenal in the race for his signature. Mikel Arteta has also identified Martinez as the central defender he wants to add to his squad ahead of the 2022-23 season. But Ajax rejected Arsenal's opening bid of £26m (€30m) and haven't yet responded to their follow-up offer worth around £35m (€40m). United had asked to be kept informed of Martinez's situation and may have been prompted to make a rival bid to stay in the running. And it appears that the offer will soon be submitted as football director John Murtough aims to hijack another defensive transfer this week. JUST IN: Tottenham 'making progress' in Richarlison talks  United are in talks over personal terms with Feyenoord left-back Tyrell Malacia after swooping in at the last minute to agree a fee of around £15m for his services. The 22-year-old was set to join Lyon, who have now dropped out of the race after he signalled he wanted to link up with Ten Hag at Old Trafford. After frustration in the opening few weeks of the summer window, the floodgates have seemingly opened in M16. United have also broadly agreed a £56m base fee, including add-ons, to sign Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong, with the hope he will be a new player before the squad jet off for the pre-season tour on July 8. READ MORE: Klopp has perfect Liverpool player to unlock Nunez's true ability  Martinez thrived under Ten Hag last season, making 36 appearances in all competitions. He fits the bill for the Dutchman's preference of a left-side centre-back and has proven he can also provide cover as a left-back and defensive midfielder. The Argentina international could be United's fourth arrival of the summer, depending on timings. With pursuits of De Jong and Malacia in the closing stages and private optimism that Christian Eriksen will join as a free agent next month, Ten Hag's revolution finally looks to be getting started. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here