Abi (played by Sally Carman) was refused custody of Alfie thanks to Imran Habeeb's (Charlie de Melo) lies about her using drugs. In shocking Coronation Street scenes, Imran died following a horror car crash with his wife Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor). Just before his death, Imran admitted he had lied in court, so Abi's case for the custody of her child is being looked into again. However, when Jack Webster (Kyran Bowes) learns the truth about his birth, could he take his anger out on his stepmother and sabotage her chance to get Alfie back? Official spoilers for the ITV soap reveal Abi will learn that she has to reapply for custody of Alfie, with the hearing the following day. After a call from the social worker, a despondent Abi tells Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell) that the best she can hope for is custody of Alfie but under the supervision of a foster carer. Debbie Webster (Sue Devaney) implores Kevin to think carefully before taking a baby and during their conversation, Jack overhears a huge secret. Debbie mentions how Kevin had an affair with Molly Dobbs (Vicky Binns) while she was married to Tyrone Dobbs. The affair had resulted in Jack's birth, and the youngster will struggle to take in the truth about his late mother. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen lands new project However, he wishes Abi and Kevin good luck at the hearing. As he is left to sit on the information though, could he become angrier? In the court waiting room, Abi complains about the judicial system to a woman standing nearby. With the hearing about to start, the judge takes her seat and Abi is horrified to realise it's the woman from the waiting room. She believes she has blown any chance she had and is devastated as she listens to the local authority solicitor listening out her failings as a mother. The solicitor recommends Alfie remains in care, but what will the judge decide? The hearing concludes and the judge orders Alfie to be placed with Abi in a mother and baby foster facility, where she will be assessed. Abi’s then introduced to Wendy Papadopoulos, their foster carer. When Abi reveals she’s from Coronation Street, Wendy keeps her counsel. Although this is promising for Abi, she will still need to prove herself a good mother. DON'T MISS... Prince Charles patted on arm by Judi Love as she broke royal protocol [LATEST]Sue Barker’s Wimbledon exit sparks fury from fans 'What a loss' [VIDEO]Springwatch viewers horrified by mass bird deaths 'What can be done?' [REACTION] However, with Jack left alone to ponder over the recent revelation, he could become furious at the lies he has been told. Jack was just months old when his mother, Molly, died in the Weatherfield tram accident in 2010. The news that his parents were never officially together and that he had been the result of an affair will probably leave him distressed. Not wanting Alfie to have to learn the same thing one day, perhaps the schoolboy will take his revenge by speaking to social services himself. Although he has always liked Abi, the secret about Molly might have changed his opinions. He could tell a social worker that Abi has been a bad stepmother so she doesn't gain custody of Alfie. It's possible his lies will result in Abi losing custody of her son yet again. In Jack's mind, he might think doing this is the best thing for the baby because the truth has come as such a shock to him, and he may believe Alfie to be better off with an entirely new family. Could Abi lose Alfie just as her luck is starting to improve? If so, will she and Kevin find out about Jack's interference? It's likely they would learn the truth because authorities may become concerned for Jack after his claims. With the 12-year-old probably regretting the decision he made in the heat of the moment, how will he explain what he has done? With Abi having lost all of her other children, she sees Alfie as her final hope. Kevin and Abi recently reunited, but could Jack's decision end their relationship for good? Coronation Street continues on Friday at 8pm on ITV.