The Platinum Jubilee bank holiday kicks off from Thursday, June 2 through to Sunday, June 5, to give Britons time to celebrate the Monarch’s historic 70-year reign. Bank holidays usually see stores operating on reduced or altered hours to allow staff time off to celebrate with the rest of the nation, so it’s important to plan before heading out this weekend. The official date of the Jubilee bank holiday is Friday, June 3. However, the late May bank holiday has been moved forward to Thursday, June 2, so Britons have more time to celebrate the momentous occasion. Bank holidays are a popular time for those with time off work to roll their sleeves up and tackle any long put off home and garden improvement tasks. Although, like other stores, opening hours for these shops do vary, but some take the opportunity to remain open for even longer periods of time than usual. However, this can depend on location and store type, so shoppers are strongly advised to check the opening times of their local store before heading over to avoid disappointment.  READ MORE: Are shops open on Jubilee bank holiday? Aldi, Tesco, IKEA and more  However, for a more general overview of the home improvement store opening times; here’s what we know so far. Those hoping to make the trip to Homebase this weekend are in luck. The store will be operating on holiday opening hours on both Thursday, June 2 and Friday, June 3. This means you should expect to see UK stores opening for an extended period of time from 8am to 8pm. Saturday will also see stores open from 8am to 8pm, but Sunday hours will be reduced to open from 10am to 4pm.  To check out your local store’s exact opening time before your venture out, you can use the Homebase store locator here. Wickes will close at 6pm, two hours earlier than normal, on Thursday, June 2 and Friday, June 3. Opening hours very much depend on location, with some due to open doors at 6am, and others due for 6.30am. So, it’s advised to check out your local store opening times using the locator tool here. The retailer will continue to trade as usual until 7pm on Saturday, June 4. It will also be open to customers on Sunday, June 5, but for a slightly reduced period between 10am to 4pm in England and Wales, and 9am to 5pm throughout Scotland.  DON'T MISS:Everything happening over the bank holiday Jubilee weekend [INSIGHT]Queen in history: How the world has changed during Elizabeth's reign [ANALYSIS]Have Your Say: Should the Queen should receive Harry and Meghan? [HAVE YOUR SAY]    For those hoping to stock up on supplies from B&Q, this store is due to remain open as usual over the course of the weekend. B&Q said: “Our stores will remain open as normal across the Queen's Jubilee Bank Holiday and we look forward to welcoming customers to help with all their home improvement needs. "Customers are also able to place orders on diy.com for click and collect and home delivery."  To check out your local store’s exact opening time, you can use the B&Q store locator here. Ikea hasn’t announced any official opening times for the Jubilee bank holiday however, it does say it will be operating on holiday hours. Ikea’s general opening hours over a bank holiday tend to be 9.30am to 8pm, so you might expect to see the same for the Queen’s Jubilee. You can check the opening hours of your local Ikea branch here to be sure. 