The palace leak told of a “very emotional” first meeting between Prince Charles and his granddaughter Lillibet, despite the fact that at one point Prince Charles had stopped taking his son’s calls, according to Prince Harry. Nonetheless, the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall were delighted to see the Sussexes, who hadn’t returned to the UK since 2020. Royal commentator Peter Hunt took to Twitter to defend the couple for keeping the meeting private in a bid to avoid a media frenzy. He said: “This insight into a ‘very emotional’ first meeting between a grandfather and a granddaughter has come from those close to Prince Charles. “Faux outrage would be dominating column inches if Harry and Meghan had briefed on the private family get together.” The couple’s daughter celebrated her first birthday while in the UK, where she also met great-grandmother and namesake Queen Elizabeth II.  A Royal insider described the meeting between Lillibet and Prince Charles as “very emotional” to the BBC. The source said: "It was fantastic to see them. It was wonderful to have them back in Britain. The prince and the duchess were absolutely thrilled to see them." He said that Prince Charles also enjoyed spending time with his grandson, Archie, aged three. The source added: “He hadn't met Lili, his granddaughter, and so to meet her was very emotional, a very, very wonderful thing.  READ MORE: Boris REFUSES to rule out September election The Duke and Duchess of Sussex and their family visited the UK during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations honouring 70 years of service from the Queen. They did not take part in the Jubilee celebrations apart from a thanksgiving service at St Paul’s Cathedral where they sat apart from Prince Harry’s brother Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge. Harry claimed in the now famous 2020 Oprah interview that his family had “cut me off financially.” Clarence House said that Prince Charles had provided support for his son until the summer of that year.  DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ hack to unblock drains [INSIGHT]Brexit: Boris critics SILENCED after Theresa May swipes at PM [LIVE]A Place in the Sun's Danni Menzies opts out of property search [PICTURES] Speaking at a Clarence House briefing, a source told the BBC that it was “great” that the Sussexes had become financially independent. The source said: "Great credit to them. They said they wanted to transition to financial independence and that has now been achieved.” Meghan and Harry have signed multi-million pound deals with Netflix and Spotify since they moved to California, production dates, however, are yet to be released. 