Bathrooms are one of the most personal and practical rooms in the home – so it's important that it feels restorative, therapeutic, and always stylish. Therefore, finding the right bathroom colour ideas often feel like a timely decision. While there is a host of paint colours that will work effortlessly in your space, there are others that may make rooms look dated – while others can be very hard to maintain. White, green, and red may have made headlines amongst 2022's most sought-after colour trends but they're less popular with experts in the bathroom. Interior designers Stefan and Maegan Bucur from Rhythm of the Home explained that white is their number one bathroom colour to avoid. They said: “One of the worst colours to use in a bathroom is bright white.” While rejecting white bathroom ideas may come as a surprise, the designers share valid reasons why homeowners should avoid this most neutral, brightening and enlarging of all colours. READ MORE: ‘Great budget-friendly’ way ‘guaranteed' to improve your living room Stefan and Maegan explained: “When the shower's steam comes into contact with the bright walls, it can cause some ugly stains in the short term and permanent damage in the long term.” While bright white can cause problems in terms of a bathroom's aesthetic, estate agent John Maxim explained that this colour could impact house value too. He said: “When remodeling a home, I almost always avoid bright whites in a bathroom. “Since bathrooms are one of the smallest rooms in the house – and a place where most people are washing away dirt, walls stain easily. DON'T MISS: Pests: ‘Effective solution’ to repel bugs from outdoor lights [EXPERT]Hydrangeas not blooming? How to ensure ‘vigorous growth’ [INSIGHT]Stop ants damaging plants using 70p method - ‘fatal to them’ [TIPS] “Furthermore, cleaning agents to remedy dirt often strip white paint right off the wall.” So, those considering white painted walls in the bathroom, it may be best to let this timeless shade shine in other areas of the home. According to Aaron Lebowski, a certified Interior Designer at Julie Salone, using the colour peach in bathrooms will make the space feel dated and unappealing. He said: “Instead of welcoming a visitor, it can make them want to leave the room quickly. “It makes the room feel uninviting and decreases energy.” This should be particularly avoided in rooms that are frequently used in the morning when many are likely to crave a more energising and refreshing space. While some experts urge against white, others suggest avoiding black, similarly for practical reasons. Leigh Spicher from Ashton Woods says that black is a “poor design choice” in a bathroom, as this dark colour absorbs light and makes it harder to apply makeup and accurately groom yourself – if that is a priority in your space. Red is one of the most controversial choices that can be made when it comes to interiors – and the bathroom is no exception. While Leigh admits that red is a great way to “embolden a bathroom” and bring “empowerment and strength” to a bathing experience, homeowners should avoid the shade if they’re looking for a more relaxing space. She said: “It's not the best choice if you want a clean palette to help you relax.” Designers love decorating with green in almost every room, but Stefan and Maegan suggest that green bathrooms can make you uneasy and uncomfortable. They explained: “The principles of feng shui tend to disapprove [of green] in the bathroom.” So, those who want to ensure their bathroom's energy is right for their needs, these experts suggest staying clear of this fashionable hue.