"Game over" for Boris Johnson if the Conservatives find their majority in the contested South Devon seat wiped out, the former editor of The Sun, Kelvin Mackenzie has warned. Tiverton and Honiton is due to hold a by-election on 23 June after the constituency's member of parliament Neil Parish resigned in May 2022. Mr Mackenzie told GB News: "So Tiverton has a 24,000 I think Tory majority, were that to disappear Boris disappears, right. "Perhaps not immediately, but the game is over. "All we're doing is we're watching some rather clever people who are used to deceiving the media and deceiving their electorate and possibly even deceiving themselves, saying things in public which they don't believe in private." On the outcome of Monday's evening Conservative confidence vote in the Prime Minister, he added: "It is an astonishing number, and we're at we're in the foothills of this, the idea that people are going around saying in the parliamentary Conservative Party that we are democrats, and we abide by vote is for the birds." Mr Johnson tried to shore up his leadership on Tuesday by setting out a raft of new policies to ministers after he narrowly survived a confidence vote that revealed the scale of the threat to his position. The Prime Minister won the ballot of Conservative Party MPs on Monday evening by 211 votes to 148 - enough to avoid having to immediately resign but a larger than anticipated rebellion within his party that leaves him wounded and battling to win back the confidence of his colleagues and the general public. His first challenge is to convince his most senior allies, some of whom would have been likely to run to replace him if he had been forced out, that he will be able to move on from questions about his leadership. Mr Johnson thanked cabinet ministers for their support as he urged them to push through reforms to lower costs for consumers, businesses and government. "We're able now to draw a line under the issues that our opponents want to talk about, and we're able to get on with talking about what I think the people in this country want us to," Mr Johnson told his cabinet in televised remarks. MPs in Mr Johnson's party called the confidence vote after months of scandal over lockdown-breaking parties at the heart of government and criticism of his response to an inflation-fuelled surge in the cost of living. At issue is Mr Johnson's integrity. His opponents accuse him of being a habitual liar and he faces an investigation into whether he misled parliament in his explanations over the series of parties held in Downing Street - his office and residence - while Britons were following strict lockdown rules during the Covid-19 pandemic. Police have fined him over one such gathering. DON'T MISS: Nadine Dorries blasts Remainer Hunt's leadership hopes [REPORT]Everyone who voted to oust Boris as MPs vote in no-confidence bid [REPORT]'Only serves is Labour!' Ann Widdecombe slams Tory MP no confidence [REPORT] Mr Johnson used the cabinet meeting to set out his vision for the coming weeks, including new policies to reduce the cost of childcare and to help more people buy their own homes. The prime minister plans a speech on housing this week, he will make a speech on how to boost the economy next week and the government plans to send a first group of asylum seekers to Rwanda on June 14, as he seeks to move on from the divisive confidence vote, a Conservative party source said. In a boost to Johnson's hopes that he can still play a role as an international statesman, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky welcomed his survival. "I am very happy about it," Zelenskiy told an event hosted by the Financial Times. "I'm glad we haven't lost a very important ally, this is great news."