What planet is this buffoon living on? Of course he can’t return to public life. Not now. Not ever. And if that hasn’t been made crystal clear to him then it should be. This seedy excuse for a Prince has left an indelible stain on the House of Windsor that no amount of money can ever remove. And he must never be allowed to sully the Monarchy ever again. The fact he had to fork out £12m to pay off the woman who claims he sexually abused her when she was 17 seems to have left no mark on him. He has consistently denied all allegations and it us understood the payments was made without admission of liability. It certainly hasn’t humbled him or led him to believe that a lengthy keeping his head down might be good for everyone. Clearly he feels no shame. Nor does he seem to understand the global embarrassment he has heaped on his family, but especially on his mother, the Queen. How has she coped with her favourite son letting down the monarchy, her family and the country in the tawdry way he has I’ll never know. And what seems even more incredible, more selfish is that he has chosen now – just a week after those spectacular Platinum Jubilee celebrations in honour of Her Majesty to rear his ugly head and demand that not only should he be given back his royal status he also wanted to be allowed to take part in this week’s Order of the Garter procession and church service in Windsor. Hell, it was bad enough having to stomach the sight of Tony Blair, the man who’s been dubbed a “war criminal”, parading around Windsor’s streets in his midnight blue velvet cloak and silly hat. But if Andrew had been there as well ... Dear oh Lord. But, thankfully, a truck load of embarrassingly bad publicity was averted at the last minute when Prince Charles and Wills stepped in to stop it. Andrew has learned nothing from the Giuffre scandal. Had he shown some humility, had he thrown himself into charitable good works, had he demonstrated his regret, his sorrow, apologised for his utter stupidity in becoming entangled in the life of a known paedophile like Jeffrey Epstein the public might have gone some way, if not to forgive him, but to feel less disgusted by him, less ashamed of him. But, no – the arrogance is still there. In spite of everything that’s happened he has asked for his HRH title reinstated because he still thinks he should be allowed to be a high profile member of the Royal Family in the way Charles and Wills are not understanding that it’s over. Why doesn’t he get that he can never be the public face of his family ever again? Are the people around him, his friends, his advisors being too gentle? Are they not making clear that what he wants – he can never have? Because if they are they’re doing him no favours. For his own good, he must be made to see that his privileged, public life is at an end and from now on he must exist in the shadows. And the fact that he now has no purpose, no job, no role is 100 percent down to him. He chose the life he led. Now there’s a price to pay for it all. Once the Queen has passed, God knows what Charles and Wills will do with him. If the royals could still banish people I’m pretty sure Charles and Wills would shunt him off to some remote island in the Outer Hebrides where he could do harm. But of course that wouldn’t be fair on the poor Hebrideans. If Andrew is ever to know peace he needs to accept there will be no more royal parades, no more pageants, no more appearances on the Buckingham Palace balcony. He needs to understand that no one is obliged to bow and scrape to him any more – except of course the poor people who have the misfortune to work for him. That’s all gone. And he has only himself to blame. He chose his friendship with Jeffery Epstein over everything he had. I once came within a few feet of him at an awards ceremony which was to honour the everyday heroes living among us. And all I remember is that he reeked of arrogance and hubris. He seemed totally unaware and unmoved by the people around him who had done things, achieved things he never could. He was lost in his own self-importance. But now there’s been a reckoning. He has forfeited the right to this nation’s respect. No one is interested in what he does or where he goes – as long as he’s out of our way and we don’t have to look at him.