Temperatures are set to start warming up from the second week of July, according to weather forecaster WXCharts. On July 12, temperatures in London and the south are set to reach up to 30C. The north will see highs of 25C, while Scotland will see temperatures of 24C. By Friday July 15, the south will see highs of 37C. The midlands will get as warm as 34C, while the North will reach up to 27C. Scotland will be a bit cooler, at 21C. The warm weather will be caused by high pressure moving in from the Azores, which will start to affect the UK from next week. Met Office weather forecaster Aidan McGivern said: "If drier, sunnier and warmer weather is your thing then I think you will enjoy this 10 day trend because there are strong signals for the weather to settle down and slowly warm up through next week. "Here’s the chart for Monday next week and already high pressure near the Azores is starting to influence our weather, it is starting to build in from the west but it is going to take its time, low pressure is still close by. "Eventually that high will allow the low pressure to take more of a northerly track leaving the UK behind, pushing the jet stream away from our shores." READ MORE: UK heatwave: 30C Azores high to blast country - Maps turn RED Netweather forecaster PaulMicahelwaite said the UK will see unsettled weather over the course of the next week, before temperatures start to rise in mid July. He said: "Low pressure will be staying well in charge of the weather through the remainder of this week and into the weekend, keeping things unsettled with sunshine and showers the most common weather type. "But, an old friend of UK Summer's - the Azores high - is set to ridge our way next week, settling things down and bringing a return to more summer-like conditions. DON'T MISS: UK heatwave: 30C Azores high to blast country - Maps turn RED [REPORT] Europe heatwave: Scorching Italy's temperatures soar [INSIGHT] Maps show exact dates UK will BAKE in 30C heat [ANALYSIS] "It's likely to be a relatively slow burn as the high starts to ridge towards the British Isles from Sunday onwards. "Initially, it'll be the south of the country feeling the benefits as the showers die out, with the north of the country last to see that improvement during next week." Meanwhile, meteorologist Brian Gaze said the warm conditions will reach their peak in the last third of July. Speaking to the Sun, the Weather Outlook forecaster said: "At the moment long-range computer models are suggesting an increased likelihood of very warm conditions during the last third of July." He added: "I wouldn't be surprised if temperatures climbed to 35C (91F). "To put a little context on that, the hottest day in the entire decade of the 1980s was 34.4C."