George Northwood said Archie is the "cutest, well-mannered little boy" and Lili is "just beautiful". He made the comments about the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's children while reflecting on being reunited with them in the UK. Prince Harry and Meghan have travelled to Britain with their children for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Mr Northwood posted a series of snaps on Instagram of the Sussexes at the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral yesterday. The Duchess's friend and hairdresser wrote: "So nostalgic and wonderful to be reunited Harry, Meghan and their family in the UK. "Archie has grown to be the cutest, well-mannered little boy and Lilibet is just beautiful." Meghan's makeup artist and close pal Daniel Martin replied with three heart emojis. A number of Sussex fan accounts also reacted with delight to Mr Northwood's Instagram post. One with the username harry_meghan_daily commented: "Aww Archie and Lili update thank you! You did amazing with Meghan." Another, meg_harry_family, said: "Great job. She looks amazing. And thanks for the update on Archie and Lilibet." READ MORE: Fury at Harry and Meghan for keeping their children away A third, prinz_arch_lili, added: "Thank you. Meghan absolutely beautiful." The Sussexes' return to the UK is the first time they have returned with three-year-old Archie, and Lili, who turns one today. The youngsters have not joined their parents at any Jubilee events so far. The family are staying at their former Windsor home Frogmore Cottage. DON'T MISSLilibet meaning: The sweet tribute to the Queen in Lili's name [ANALYSIS]Royal POLL: Should Archie and Lilibet be given royal titles? [POLL]Harry and Meghan to christen Lilibet tomorrow with the Queen [INSIGHT] It is not known if Harry and Meghan have introduced Lili to her great-grandmother the Queen yet. Royal biographer Omid Scobie speculated that Thursday was likely to have been the "first moment or the first chance for her (the Queen) to meet her namesake". There has even been the suggestion Lili could be christened while in Britain. With the monarch not travelling to Epsom racecourse for the Derby on Saturday, it could be the perfect opportunity for the Royal Family to gather to celebrate the christening of Lilibet at Windsor Castle on her first birthday. Lilibet, known as Lili, born at 11.40am on Friday, June 4, 2021 at Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital in California, was named in honour of the Queen's family nickname. The one-year-old has the middle name Diana, which was chosen in memory of her late grandmother. So far during their UK visit for the Jubilee, the Sussexes have been seen at Trooping the Colour. And yesterday, they stepped out alongside around 50 royals for the thanksgiving service in honour of the Queen's 70-year reign. 