The country, and others around the world, will celebrate seventy years of the monarch’s reign from Thursday. Street parties and Union flags will be a common sight throughout the extended bank holiday weekend, but some have taken their celebrations of the momentous milestone a step further. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** A collection of postbox toppers have appeared in some regions of southern England, featuring the likes of knitted Queen figurines, swans and miniature soldiers dressed in the garb of the Trooping the Colour parade. One Twitter user, centristjim1, praised the postbox toppers as a patriotic symbol for the Platinum Jubilee weekend. He tweeted: “How can you look at the celebration of Britishness and feel anything other than pride?” But some Brits were less impressed, with one Twitter user calling the decorations "pomposity". Another, hollygirl230, tweeted: "Some can’t afford to feed their children and they’re lauding all this rubbish." In Kent, postbox toppers even featured tiny woollen corgis, whereas one in East Sussex sported an elaborate and impressive crown. Elsewhere in the south-east, bollards became a palace guard and the Crown Jewels through elaborate knitted covers placed on the roadside. In another unusual tribute, Legoland amusement park in Windsor crafted a replica of Her Majesty, which took around 15 hours to construct. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie and husband Jack to move to Portugal The display also features figures of Prince William, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, alongside Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. Chief model maker Paula Laughton called the experience of creating the tributes a “joy” to put together. She said: "The royal connection between Windsor and Her Majesty meant that our model maker team had to pull out all the stops to mark this monumental occasion here in Miniland. "It's always a joy to be able to recreate iconic moments in British history in Lego form, and we hope guests to the resort will enjoy catching a glimpse of the Queen as they've never seen her and the Royal Family before with a little miniature majesty." DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry awarded 'exceptional status' ahead of Jubilee [LIVE] Kate and William to miss Lilibet's first birthday [REPORT] Royal POLL: Should Britain move on from Prince Andrew scandal? [VOTE] The Queen’s face was also projected onto the iconic Salisbury monument, Stonehenge, in a tribute to each phase of Her Majesty’s reign. Eight photographs taken from each decade of the Queen’s record-breaking reign were shown on the ancient stones, including a snap from her coronation in 1953. In one from 1980, the monarch can be seen walking her corgis, whereas later pictures feature her at the Royal Windsor Horse Show. English Heritage, which put together the display, said they wanted to highlight how “special” a person the Queen had been to the country. They said: "We wanted to show different aspects of the Queen - of her personality, of her interests, and really show what a special lady she is.” The celebrations over the extended weekend will kick off on Thursday, getting started with the Queen’s official birthday parade. Trooping the Colour stretches from Buckingham Palace to The Mall, trailing down through Horse Guards Parade and Whitehall. Members of the Royal Family will then gather on Buckingham Palace’s balcony to watch the RAF flypast.