Meghan Markle never fails to amaze when it comes to fashion and stepping out at public appearances, but where does she get her style inspiration from? Earlier this year, the Duchess of Sussex arguably took a leaf out of Princess Diana's book. On February 27, 2022, Meghan Markle stepped out with Prince Harry to receive the President's award. She opted for a two-toned blue dress. This was by talented designer Christopher John Rogers. Just one year before, he won the American Womenswear Designer of the Year award. The body of the dress was "Cunningham blue", a nod to the jacket worn by New York Times fashion photographer Bill Cunningham. READ MORE: Kate & Meghan step out in same Zarita dress years apart - pictures  But the dress also boasted a light blue feature in the form of a silk train. It had a chiffon bust overlay which extended to the floor. The Duchess complemented the outfit with classic nude pumps. As for hair and makeup, she wore her hair in loose curls on one side of her head, and a dewy look with smokey eyes. As for accessories, in addition to her fabulous engagement ring, Meghan donned black drop earrings and a bracelet that previously belonged to Princess Diana. This was a gold bangle featuring two large royal blue cabochon sapphires that are around 5ct each. Maxwell Stone, jewellery expert from Steven Stone jewellers, estimated that the jewel is worth an extraordinary £25,000. He said: "Not only did the cabochon sapphires match Meghan's dress perfectly, they also have a spiritual meaning. "Traditionally, it is believed that sapphires have calming properties, promote peace and pristine rest, helping to slow down the mind." Not only did the Duchess of Sussex wear her late mother-in-law's bracelet, she also took a leaf out of her old style book when it came to her choice of outfit. In February 1988, Princess Diana attended a dinner hosted by the Crown Prince in Bangkok, Thailand. She wore a silk Catherine Walker creation. Much like Meghan's in everything but colour, the gown was also floor-length and two-toned. The fuchsia gown was complemented by a violet sash which fell into a long train. The Princess wore pearl drop earrings and her marvellous sapphire engagement ring. Unlike Meghan, who went for a more Hollywood glam smokey eye, Diana opted for a sweep of mascara and blue eyeliner in her waterline to make her eyes pop. She wore white, purple and red flowers in her hair which perfectly complemented the fabulous gown.