Yes, the EU might have awarded Ukraine “candidate status” last night. But Ukraine needs weapons and deeper sanctions right now, not EU membership in 20 years’ time. And it’s that immediate support that the EU’s big three are failing to supply. We must remind them of the abhorrent reality. Russia is carrying out genocide in Ukraine, murdering men and raping women and children. Russia is levelling cities to the ground, killing tens of thousands, and forcibly removing an estimated 100,000 others to Russia. Russian artillery targets Ukrainian healthcare facilities. Putin is this century’s version of Hitler, with the same disregard for human life. And yet how does France respond? We must not humiliate Russia, declares the arch appeaser Emmanuel Macron, following chummy phone calls with Putin. What? Not humiliate Russia? A country that’s the greatest threat to European peace for 80 years? If Russia is merely humiliated, it’s as lucky as hell. And how does Germany respond? By delaying the provision of heavy artillery, such as fighter aircraft, attack helicopters and rocket systems, so that Ukraine doesn’t have the weapons to fight back. And by continuing to buy Russian oil and gas, thereby funding Putin’s war machine. Horrifyingly, every day, the West buys $1 billion of gas and oil from Russia. With oil prices spiralling, because of a war Russia started, it means the more Putin murders, the more cash he gets. And how does Italy respond? By increasing its imports of Russian oil, and dragging its feet over sanctions, prioritising the sales of luxury goods over the lives of Europeans in Ukraine. Because, yes, Ukrainians are European through and through. Anyone who’s visited Ukrainian cities, like Kyiv and Odessa, knows that Ukraine is as European in the east as the UK, Ireland and France are in the west. Its people are peace-loving, cultured, educated, outward-looking and incredibly generous. And, by God, are they brave. So, if you’ve filled up your car recently and gasped at the £100 cost, please see perspective. At least you’re not waving goodbye to your children at a train station, fearing you’ll never see them again. At least you’re not hearing that your 19-year-old son has been butchered by invading murderers. At least your daughter isn’t being gang-raped in front of her children. Evidence of Russia’s war crimes is mounting. It’s genocide, plain and simple. Russia wants to gobble up Ukraine, and cares not a jot whether there are any Ukrainians left alive. Yet, when Ukraine begs us to understand that it is fighting for all of Europe, for democracy itself, for the very peace that the EU was created to secure, politicians in Rome, Berlin and Paris look away. They can’t bear to admit that if Ukraine is overwhelmed, Russia will march into the Baltic States, and even Finland, in its hideous attempt to recreate the Soviet Union, which is Putin’s stated aim. They have their heads firmly stuck in western sand. So much for European solidarity.   Instead, they ooze the language of appeasement. They say that the murderous Putin must be given an “offramp”. They say Ukraine must sue for peace, and accept the loss of the 20 percent of its land that Russia currently occupies – roughly the size of England. Well, anyone who thinks Ukraine will sue for peace has never met a Ukrainian. Ukraine won’t rest until Russia is sent packing. Meanwhile, Ukraine asks for so little. It doesn’t ask for troops on the ground. It just wants weapons with which to fight, even within Russia itself, where Russian troops find safe sanctuary. Ukrainian troops have no such refuge. And Ukraine doesn’t ask us to starve, but simply to get serious about sanctions – and, most of all to stop buying Russian oil and gas. As a senior Ukrainian official told me, Russia needs to be sanctioned “back to the dark ages”. Only then will we draw its murderous sting. Britain gets this. It’s not for nothing that Ukrainians, from President Zelensky downwards, regard Britain as their most loyal ally. Boris has his faults, but on Ukraine he has been steadfast. If only we could say the same about the EU’s big three. When the history of this war is written, and when, we trust, Ukraine is victorious, fingers will point at the “guilty men” in France, Germany and Italy, who betrayed Ukraine in its hour of need. Shame on them. Shame on Putin’s appeasers. 