Mrs Hinch rose to fame on social media several years ago when she started sharing unusual cleaning tips and tricks on Instagram. Now, with more than four million followers, her fans share their own advice on dedicated Facebook pages including how to unblock sinks. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Bethany Cook wrote: “My bath pipe has a serious hair blockage. “Tried drain unblocker, liquid and powder but just no luck. It takes ages for my bath to drain, any other products I can use?” Hair alone does not block drains, but the combination of hair along with shampoos, oils and soaps can bind the hair strands together, causing a blockage. Hair can prevent water from freely going down the pipes and can cause fairly severe blockages. READ MORE: Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow Luckily, there are ways to help the blockage pass, including using hair removal cream. Taking to the comments, Jules Palmer wrote: “Put loads of hair removing cream, it’ll dissolve the hair.” Den Buckley replied: “It really works!” Isabelle Smeets wrote: “I put hair removal cream in every once in a while. I get the cheapest one from Poundland.” DON'T MISS:How to stop house flies from causing ‘havoc’ in your home [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share £1 method to remove yellow pillow stains [COMMENT]Surfaces to ‘avoid’ using citric acid due to ‘corrosive properties’ [EXPLAINER] Sharon Gibbs said: “Use hair removal cream and leave it as long as possible.” Multiple Mrs Hinch fans called his hack “game-changing”. Others also recommended pouring a kettle of boiling water over the hair and cream once left to sit for a while. It is thought the hair removal cream helps to dissolve the hair, breaking up the blockage. Other group members also suggested using soda crystals. Karen Hughes said: “I leave them in the drain overnight with white vinegar and then pour boiling water over.” Christine Jago wrote: “Soda crystals. Follow the instructions but it always unblocks our drains.” Soda crystals can help to remove grease and fat blockages as well as hair. Mrs Hinch fans recommended pouring boiling water down after the soda crystals to help soften them. Sharing advice on the same Facebook page, cleaning enthusiasts also shared top tips on how to remove bad smells coming from the sink. Wendy Jennifer Wells said: “Put bicarbonate of soda in until it stops going down the holes. “Then pour some cheap white vinegar but before you do this, boil the kettle so you can pour it down after you have done the vinegar. “Then pop some Zoflora down and it should be good. I do this once a week.” Emma Clubb replied: “Bicarbonate of soda and white vinegar. “It will fizz up as well and dislodge anything left in pipes, do this every night before bed, leave for 20 minutes then wash down with boiling kettle water. “Worked for me, I now do it every Sunday evening religiously.”