Against all the odds and expectations, the Home Secretary managed to pull off a major victory in the High Court today against the leftwing activist so-called human rights lawyers who have plagued attempts to control Britain borders for years. It means that the deportation flights of illegal migrants crossing the Channel to Rwanda can go ahead. The significance of this legal victory also now changes the dynamic in Parliament should the Prime Minister fall after seeing 148 of his own MPs say they had no confidence in him on Monday. Ms Patel had been the darling of the right, one of the few senior ministers who was seen as a "true believer" conservative Conservative - the sort that likes low tax, controlled immigration, tough law and order, slashing red tape and takes on woke attempts to destroy British history. But the migration crisis and her apparent failure as Home Secretary over three years had lost her support among the right of the party and Brexiteers even though she was one of the 28 Brexit spartans to hold out against Theresa May’s compromise deal. People like Nigel Farage and her fellow MPs regularly berated her as hundreds and then thousands of illegal migrants took to small boats in France to cross the English Channel. But the criticism was always unfair and today Ms Patel has proven her critics wrong in style. After the court victory a source close to the Home Secretary texted me to explain how happy she was. The source said: "You will know how forensic she has been in making this case and she did the same today. Important to take on the blob/ unions and win! "She’s said from day 1 that the policy was legal and it is!" By the blob - the source meant the largely Rejoiner Whitehall civil servants who have tried to put on the brakes on any reform or attempts to control Britain’s borders. In trying to find a solution she had been wrestling a department which was reluctant to bring in the measures needed, a legal system which allowed leftwing activist lawyers to in effect create a market for immoral human trafficking and open borders and perhaps not sufficient support  from Downing Street. READ MORE: Ukraine ex-PM demands Tories back Boris for war on Putin The Rwanda solution where illegal undocumented migrants are flown to the East African state was the best way to end this awful trade which supports organised crime, terrorism and modern day slavery. Once people know they will not be staying Britain then the incentive to make the dangerous and expensive journey will end. The question was whether the courts would uphold it. And they did. Now Ms Patel is a contender again. If Mr Johnson’s great reset and attempts to woo back his MPs fail then the different factions will be looking for someone to replace him. Some on the right had drifted to Foreign secretary Liz Truss, even though she was a Remainer in 2016, some to trade minister Penny Mordaunt, others to former Brexit minister Steve Baker. DON'T MISS Labour plots to REVERSE Brexit laws if in power - ‘This is wrong’ [REVEAL] Macron 'humiliated' France! French leader's Ukraine stance lambasted [REACT] Embattled Boris should be in the White House NOT Downing Street [INSIGHT] But none are as convincing true believers as Ms Patel when it comes to conservatism. Now she also can show she has delivered on one of the most important issues post-Brexit. Added to that she has expanded the police force again and brought in new laws to clamp down on extremist protesters. She is exactly the sort of leader - and perhaps the only option - who can be trusted to sort out candidate selection to ensure actual conservatives become Conservative MPs, bring in Conservative policies and not give up in doing so. Ms Patel has fought hard for three years to sort out the nightmare that was immigration. Her colleagues on the right of party now have their champion if Boris Johnson falls.