BBC Weather's Matt Taylor forecast highs of 33C on Friday with thunderstorms to follow on the weekend. The Met Office and the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) have issued a heat-health alert warning ahead of rising temperatures predicted for later this week. Mr Taylor said: "Temperatures anywhere between the high 20s and low 30s, just to put that in context we're 12C above where we would normally be for this stage in June. "Tonight, another spell of rain spreading across the north and west of Scotland with a litle bit of drizzle further south and west. "Clear skies here with temperatures down to single figures. "But we do have that split tomorrow as England and Wales will see a largely sunny start." He continued: "Into Thursday, we do it all again. READ MORE: Grass care: How often should you water your lawn in hot weather? "A fairly similar day to Wednesday with increasing humidity. "The nights will become muggy. "The peak of the heat on Friday will be widely mid to high 20s if not low 30s. "We could get to around 33C in the southeast. "It all breaks down this weekend with some big thunderstorms." The Met Office said a level 2 heat-health alert has been issued for a large part of southern and central England, with a level 1 alert in place for northern England. Forecasters have said some parts of England may experience a heatwave later this week as temperatures are predicted to jump to 28C (82F) in the North East and North West and 30C (86F) in the south east on Friday. However, they have said that it is likely the heatwave will be short-lived. DON'T MISS How to stop feet and ankles swelling in hot weather - 7 steps [INSIGHT]Heatwave warning: Triple-whammy of blistering sun to blast UK [ANALYSIS]BBC Weather: UK's scorching heatwave 'going to be fairly short-lived' [VIDEO] On the four-level heat-health alert scale, which is designed to help healthcare workers manage through periods of extreme temperatures, level 1 is the lowest warning and is the minimum state of vigilance used during the summer months. Level 2, called alert and readiness, is triggered as soon there is a 60% risk that temperature thresholds will be reached in one or more regions on at least two consecutive days and the intervening night. A heatwave is defined as three consecutive days of with daily maximum temperatures meeting or exceeding the heatwave temperature threshold. The threshold varies in each county.