The relationship between the Prince Harry and his older brother Prince William has come under the spotlight over the last few years. During Harry and Meghan's tour of South Africa in 2019, the duke told journalist Tom Bradby: "We’re brothers, we’ll always be brothers. We’re certainly on different paths at the moment. But I will always be there for him, as I know he’ll always be there for me. Since Harry relinquished his title as a working member of the Royal Family to move with his family to Canada, the royal brothers are believed to have only seen each other on a handful of occasions. READ MORE: Prince George found out he would be king after William's plot Now Princess Diana's biographer Mr Morton has spoken about the relationship they share, and said their mother would be "mortified" by what has happened between them. He told the Daily Mirror's podcast, Pod Save the Queen: "There is no question about it, she'd be mortified that William and Harry have got themselves into this emotional tangle. "She always said to me on numerous occasions that Harry was William's wing man, that he was the second boy born into the Royal Family. "She even looked at the past and pointed out that most members of the Royal Family just have a girl and a boy like Princess Margaret or two girls like Queen Elizabeth, The Queen Mother. "She really felt that Harry was there to support William in a very lonely job. She would find it very difficult that they are not communicating, at least not in public." Mr Morton also explained on the podcast how Prince Harry's style was so similar to that of Diana at royal engagements. He said: "Prince Harry was and is a natural, he and his wife have got charisma and there is no denying that. READ MORE: Britons back Americans as 'US turns' on Meghan "People do respond to them in a very positive way when they meet him. There is obviously a lot of negativity surrounding their behaviour and their policies but Harry has always been someone who connects. "And when I see Harry kneeling down with his arm around some kid, I am just watching Diana. It transports you back 25, 30 years." Diana's former biographer also said Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, reminds him "so much of Diana" in terms of how she first appeared shy in public but has now overcome that. Mr Morton explained: "I realised after watching the Royal Family for all these years that it takes a long, long time to really understand what it is like to be royal. DON'T MISSHarry warned 'learn from King Edward's exile' [COMMENTS]Princess Eugenie involved in efforts to manage Harry and Meghan [LATEST]Royal Family: Meghan and Harry’s plot blown open [REPORT] "Catherine Middleton has spent ten, twelve years coming to terms with it. So did Sophie Rhys-Jones ( The Countess of Wessex ) and she's got a much lower profile - or did. It just takes a long time to absorb yourself into it. "Catherine was quite a shy person, so making speeches and being in public was something of an ordeal but I think she's overcome that. "She reminds me so much of Diana. She struggled for a few years to come to terms with what it is like to be a princess."