The blaze broke out at a heat transfer unit in Russia's Novoshakhtinsk oil refinery, located in the southern Rostov region, on Wednesday morning. Video footage has emerged on social media of the building in flames. Plumes of black smoke can be seen billowing in to the sky as the fire continues to burn.   No one was injured in the incident at the refinery, which has an annual capacity of up to 7.5 million tonnes. The fire brigade is working to put out the blaze. According to Russian telegram, the fire erupted after a strike by a Ukrainian UAV. An unidentified source in the local authorities said the fire broke out after two Ukrainian drones were spotted over the plant. The source told TASS: "One of them made an impact, crashing into a heat transfer unit, after which the blaze started. The second one flew away." The local emergency service said the blaze has been put out, Interfax news agency reported.  READ MORE: Russia loses new ammunition depot as warehouse in Kherson catches fire It comes after a spate of mysterious fires across Russia sparked speculation Ukraine is targeting infrastructure in Moscow. Russian President Vladimir Putin has been hit with of a series of suspected incidents of sabotage in Russia over the past few months. Dozens of fires in Russia have been reported since the Kremlin launched its illegal invasion of Ukraine on February 24.  DON'T MISS Putin crisis as major Russian oil field erupts in FLAMES [VIDEO]Moscow in FLAMES: 'Suspicious' explosion as factory burns [PICTURES]First-person video exposes horrifying Ukraine guerrilla warfare [INSIGHT] The number of incidents has been steadily rising over the past few weeks. It comes after Russia lost its sixth ammunition depot in a fornight after Ukrainian forces blew up a warehouse in the Kharkiv region. The attack was carried out by the Ukrainian 40th Separate Artillery Brigade in Kharkiv Oblast.  Several additional explosions over the past two weeks have left thousands of weapons systems and ammunition rounds disabled for Putin’s forces as Russia looks to continue its offensive in the eastern regions of Ukraine. Last week, three attacks on Russian munitions sites were carried out in eastern regions of Ukraine in 24 hours. The first was confirmed in the Polgovsky district of Ukraine and was carried out by members of the 44th Artillery Brigade of the Ukrainian Ground Forces.  A second was orchestrated by Ukraine’s 45th Artillery Brigade after a 15-year-old local with a toy drone determined the precise coordinates of an ammunition dump in Voskresenka, Zaporizhia Oblast. And in an undisclosed location, a third offensive was discovered after aerial footage emerged showing the depot exploding into a fireball and multiple strikes. MORE TO FOLLOW