Liverpool are keen on launching a move for Benfica forward Darwin Nunez but are determined to avoid paying over-the-odds in order to snap him up this summer, according to reports. The Reds have been credited with a strong interest in the 22-year-old, who could emerge as a long-term replacement for Sadio Mane at Anfield if the Senegalese forward joins Bayern Munich before the start of next season. Nunez is widely expected to leave Benfica in search of a new challenge over the coming weeks and months, with the Portuguese giants having slapped a price tag of £68million on their prized asset in advance of the summer transfer window. However, it remains to be seen whether Liverpool could try and negotiate a lower fee in order to steer clear of paying too much in exchange for his signature.Those in power at Anfield are eager to bring Nunez to Merseyside but will not chase a move for his services 'at any cost', according to The Times. It is said that Liverpool are keen to exploit the Portuguese market if they can, having been delighted with the instant impact made by January recruit Luis Diaz.They will not be looking to break the bank for Nunez, though, despite Benfica's plan to use the widespread interest in the forward to stir up a bidding war in the not-too-distant future. Manchester United have also been exploring the idea of bringing Nunez to Old Trafford over the course of this summer, while Newcastle United have also been mentioned in connection with his services as of late. JUST IN: Liverpool and Arsenal target Gnabry drops hint as attraction is clear Nunez would reportedly be open to joining a Premier League club but is thought to be keen on playing Champions League football, a caveat that could see United slip behind Liverpool on his list of preferred destinations. It remains to be seen whether either club will be able to snap him up, though, if they decide against meeting Benfica's asking price in negotiations.It seems as though Nunez could serve as a shrewd replacement for Mane, who was recently the subject of a £21m offer from Bayern Munich that was subsequently turned down by Liverpool due to the lack of financial incentive. Former Premier League striker Noel Whelan has already suggested that Nunez could be the missing piece of the jigsaw at Liverpool as they look to add reinforcements in advance of a renewed title challenge at the next time of asking. "They’ve realised that they do need that out-and-out centre-forward, it might be something that Jurgen Klopp is looking into," Whelan told Football Insider last month."We might see certain players come into the football club who are that out-and-out striker, Nunez is wanted by quite a few. I expect some exciting activity at Liverpool come the summer." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here