Recent figures from the Nationwide Housing Index show the property market contracted in June. The lender found that prices rose by 0.3 percent over the last month, more than half as slow as in May when they held at 0.9 percent. Annual growth has slowed in kind, leaving people wondering if they remain in a seller's market. While the latest data shows slowing growth, recent trends remain uninterrupted. The slimmer 0.3 percent surge is the 11th in a row, and annual growth has held at 10.7 percent. The price of a typical UK home has hit a new record high of £271,613, having increased £26,000 on average in the last year. READ MORE: Property buyers urged to 'act now' to move house by end of year  Those figures mean the market remains very much in sellers' corners, and new buyers will find it tough to navigate a "triple threat". Brean Horne, a personal finance expert with NerdWallet, explained the market's momentum remains troublesome for first-timers. She said: "The pandemic could not curtail the upward march of house prices, but many expect that rising interest rates and inflation will. However, today's figures show that this slowdown is yet to take effect." "It'll come as a blow to those hoping to take their first step onto the property ladder, who are facing a triple-threat.  "Interest rates are rising, affecting the amount they can borrow; inflation has risen above nine percent and could reach as high as 14 percent later this year, impacting the amount they can save; and if house prices also climb further, many properties will simply be out of reach." Prospective buyers crushed by the market's pressures will need to carefully judge the market as prices won't drop "overnight". Ms Horne added: "So, with prices remaining resilient, people wanting to purchase a property must be pragmatic in their approach." "It is vital they first take stock of all financial aspects of their lives, including personal savings, credit scores and future income, before making any major decisions.  "Further, prospective homebuyers will need to consider potential mortgage deals carefully, seeking out the best options in terms of the rates and loan-to-value offers available. "These are uncertain times for homeowners and homebuyers alike. Despite predictions of the market cooling, it’s not going to happen overnight."     "However, being proactive and exploring the various options available to them will be a good starting point. "In doing so, they will likely feel more in control of their options and better positioned to act if house prices do start to decline in the months to come." Buyers may have a reprieve ahead, with Guy Harrington, the CEO of bridging financiers Glenhawk, forecasting a "sharp correction" that could "torpedo the market". He said "caution" would mean that the price outlook for 2022 is "increasingly ominous". 