The third in line to the throne is pictured with his father Prince William and siblings Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis in the image taken while the Cambridges holidayed in the Middle East. Queen Elizabeth II, the Prince of Wales and the Duke of Cambridge all released heart-warming family photographs through the ages to mark the occasion. Royal fans took to social media with Twitter user Denise Cummons commenting: "I think he looks just like Diana's brother!" Charles Spencer, 58, is the ninth Earl Spencer and Diana's younger brother. William and Harry's uncle delivered the eulogy at his sister's funeral service at Westminster Abbey in 1997, rebuking the press and royal family over how Diana was treated. The Princess of Wales is buried on the Spencer family's ancestral estate, Althorp.  William issued the picture of himself beaming and surrounded by his children while the Queen and Charles shared old photos via their official Twitter accounts. Kensington Palace said the duke's photograph was taken in Jordan in autumn 2021, and the family are pictured with a rocky, sand-coloured backdrop. A smiling William is shown with his arms around George, eight, and Charlotte, seven, while four-year-old Louis sits on his father's shoulders. Twitter user Isa hailed the photo, saying: "Nothing better than seeing Prince William being a dad."  READ MORE ABOUT A LOG BURNER WARNING Fellow Twitter user Gail Callaghan chimed in: "First time I've seen Charlotte looking like Catherine. A great photo." Royal fan Jyung said: "Happy family and he is a very proud dad!" Fellow fan Rowan Marie tweeted simply: "This is gorgeous." The photo shows the Duke and his eldest son wearing casual, khaki-coloured outfits with the younger children dressed in navy and white tops.  DON'T MISS: Paras face sacking 'for activities that bring regiment into dispute' [REPORT] Palace shoots itself in foot by not releasing Meghan bullying report [REVEALED] Kate and William's latest move is a 'slapdown' to Meghan and Harry [LATEST] Meanwhile, the Royal Family official Twitter account shared a photograph of a young Queen smiling while standing in a garden facing her father King George VI in 1946. The monarch is wearing a long, patterned summer dress while her father, who died in 1952, sports a suit and tie. The photograph was shared with the words: "Wishing all of our followers a very happy Father's Day." Charles and his wife, the Duchess of Cornwall, shared three family photographs with the words: "Wishing everyone a very happy Father's Day".   The first is a black-and-white image of the prince in high spirits with his father, the Duke of Edinburgh. A second image shows Charles wearing knee-high red socks and a kilt, lying on a lawn, with William and Harry as children. A young William is wearing a white shirt and has his arm around his father, while Harry is sporting a green sweater and matching green wellies as he leans on Charles. Another image shows Camilla interlinking arms with her father, Major Bruce Shand, at Clarence House.  They are dressed in military uniform, and Charles is glancing sideways at a grinning Philip. The Cambridges also used a photograph from Jordan for their official Christmas 2021 card. It showed William sitting on a gold pouffe next to Kate, with the two eldest children next to them, while Louis sat on what appeared to be a sheepskin rug at his mother's feet. 