Cleaning the toilet may seem like a chore, and can be an unsavoury task for many - however, it doesn't need to be. To help, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have shared their go-to hacks for removing stains from toilet bowls. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame after she began sharing her cleaning tips and hacks on social media and TV. Now, the cleaning star and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram. Fans of Mrs Hinch have created their own social media groups dedicated to sharing cleaning hacks where they have listed their toilet bowl cleaning tips. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to remove “brown stains” in her toilet bowl after moving into her new property. Karen Adams wrote: “When we moved into the property where we are now, the toilet upstairs has terrible brown stains in the bottom of the bowl and looks like it completely removed the ceramic. “I’ve tried all sorts but it won’t shift, any ideas would be great thanks.” Toilets go through a lot and are used every day, multiple times a day. READ MORE: I used a 13p fruit to remove stubborn limescale from my bathroom tap Over time, hard water stains, general dirt, grime and dust can build up and make our loos look unsightly. Nobody wants a grubby, brown-looking, toilet bowl. These unsightly stains need special attention. Homeowners can’t get rid of them with regular household items and a loo brush. The majority of Mrs Hinch fans were in favour of using black Harpic, otherwise known as Harpic Powerplus toilet cleaner. DON'T MISS: Use sugar to ‘improve the health’ of your grass for summer [EXPERT]Alan Titchmarsh shares how to ‘transform’ roses - keeps them ‘alive’ [TIPS]Gardening tips: Use eggshell trick as ‘fantastic fertiliser’ to plants [INSIGHT] Christine Walton asked: “Have you tried the Black Harpic? Then leave over night. “I had a loo years ago it was in a dreadful state when I moved in. It made it look brand new.” Melissa Gill suggested: “Empty the water from the toilet. Use black Harpic toilet cleaner. Put plenty in the under the rim. “Leave for as long as possible. Give a really good scrub with a toilet brush and flush. It might take a couple of goes but it will definitely work.” READ MORE: How to make your own natural fabric softener with cupboard ingredients Posting a picture of the toilet cleaner, Sarah Degabriele commented: “This is brilliant for getting the brown stains off and you can buy it in Poundland. “Just squeeze it all around the bowl and put a bit extra in the bottom and leave overnight.” Debbie Simpson replied: “I asked this question couple of weeks ago and was advised to use black Harpic. “Amazing results, put it in the toilet bowl overnight, did this over a few nights and it’s sparkling now.” Alison Perkins added: “Black Harpic! We had a similar issue when we moved to our new home. Black Harpic has cleared it now.” Harpic Powerplus toilet cleaner can be picked up from Poundland for £1, as well as local supermarkets such as Asda for £1.05. Karen responded to her post the following morning to share how she managed to remove the “brown stains” from her toilet bow. She said: “Morning! Just thought I would pop an update on. I used the black Harpic last night, and it has removed almost all of the stain! “Really impressed and thank you all for the tips.”