Peter Barlow (played by Chis Gascoyne) turned his life around last year when he finally received a new liver in Coronation Street. However, he recently discovered dodgy surgeon Mr Thorne (Dominic Mafham) rushed his transplant on purpose in order to win a bet and the Weatherfield resident can’t let the injustice go. Will his vendetta ruin his relationship with Carla Connor (Alison King)? In upcoming scenes, Peter opens up to Adam Barlow (Sam Robertson) about what Mr Thorne did, However, the solicitor points out there’s nothing Peter can do as there isn’t enough evidence. Peter’s furious and later vents his frustration to Carla. She warns him to let his anger go as the only person he’s hurting is himself. Read more: Coronation Street theory: Leanne Battersby to frame Nick for crime However, it’s clear the recovering alcoholic can’t put the past behind him. Peter then speaks to Ken Barlow (Bill Roache) and Simon Barlow (Alex Bain) about his plan to expose the surgeon. He reveals he is going to get the dodgy surgeon to confess. Both Ken and Simon admit they’re concerned by Peter’s obsession but he won’t listen. Peter sets up a meeting with an unsuspecting Mr Thorne. The transplant recipient demands a full confession and apology while secretly filming the conversation. But, the surgeon quickly realises what Peter is doing and forces him to produce his phone. How will Mr Thorne react when he figures out Peter’s plan? DON'T MISSCoronation Street theory: Daniel left heartbroken as Daisy's murdered  [THEORY]Coronation Street could face same fate as Neighbours warns star [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Sally starts steamy affair with therapist [SPOILER] Carla warned her boyfriend to let his vendetta go but he refused. If Peter gets into trouble for trying to expose Mr Thorne will Carla stand by his side? The couple have experienced their fair share of ups and downs over the years. They have become one of Coronation Street’s most beloved couples but they could be set to hit a rocky patch. Carla may grow exasperated by Peter’s actions and he could begin to neglect their relationship in favour of focusing on his revenge plan. If the couple split, Carla may feel Weatherfield holds too many memories and leave the cobbles for good. Will Peter move on or will his vendetta cost him his relationship? Meanwhile, Peter star Chris recently opened up on his character’s latest storyline. He told Digital Spy: “It's started him on that path again, it's confirming this self-loathing for himself that he has laying underneath. "It's not an easy thing to live with, he is troubled and when he gets troubled like that and stops communicating with people again, that's when I don't know where he's going to go." Coronation Street airs on ITV on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm.