The UK retailer has already replaced a revolving credit facility and £16.7m borrowed under the government’s Covid loan scheme, with a new £60m credit facility, and plans to repay £27m of high-interest loan from its cash reserves. But the company still has £350m of debt due for repayment early next year which will require refinancing.  The Liverpool-based group, with almost 11,000 nationwide employees and more than 200 stores, stated that “the ability to successfully refinance our debts involves geopolitical, economic and market factors outside the direct control of the business”. This uncertainty “may cast significant doubt on the group’s ability to continue”. Due to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the debt markets for borrowers in Europe remains largely absent. Matalan tested the water in February but did not secure sufficient support.  Bankers acting for Morrisons, the supermarket chain that also needs to refinance short-term borrowings, have resorted to placing debt privately at a discount due to the difficulty in raising debt on public markets. Matalan said talks with lenders were “at an advanced stage” and it believed it could complete refinancing by January. The company is being advised by restructuring experts at Teneo, who also oversaw the recent administration of popular clothing brand Missguided. But two separate groups of creditors have appointed their own advisors and fixed income analysts said the bondholders could take control of the business, as with Debenhams and New Look. READ MORE: Free prescriptions: Plan to up exemption to state pension age mooted  However, Matalan is still said to be trading well, compared to Debenhams and New Look who both suffered from declining sales. Results for the year to February showed Matalan were exceeding sales of one billion, up from £744m the year before. The group made an operating profit of £92m against a £27m loss, with total sales up by 29 percent from a year ago. Matalan is controlled by the family of Monaco-based founder John Hargreaves, with him already extending financial support to the company by buying and leasing back its head office for £25m.  DON'T MISS:Mum 'mortified' after Asda security guard 'asked her to leave' store [COMMENT]Cost of living crisis sends price of Lurpak soaring to £5 [INSIGHT]Pensions set to rise by 10 percent with triple lock reinstated [ANALYSIS] He also converted £50m of debt into payments-in-kind notes which allow interest to be rolled up instead of paid out. It is estimated that £27m of interest has been accrued on these. The backdrop of rising interest rates means the terms are likely to be less generous than the current 6.75 percent on the older debt. Matalan is one of several retailers that were able to run with high leverage during a prolonged period of low interest rates, but many others, including Iceland and Asda, completed large refinancings last year. 