Sarah Ferguson, the Duchess of York, came to the defence of Prince Andrew, her former husband, as she branded him a “very good and kind man.” Prince Andrew, the third child of the Queen and Prince Phillip, was forced to resign from public royal duties in 2020 following the emergence of historical allegations of sexual assault, claims the Duke has denied. Despite the couple’s divorce in 1996, Ms Ferguson suggested she would still “stand very firmly” alongside the Prince as she continues to hold a great level of respect towards her former partner. During an interview with the Duchess of York, Times Radio broadcaster Mariella Frostrup suggested Ms Ferguson and Prince Andrew continue to appear the “absolute best of friends.” Ms Ferguson continues to reside in the Royal Lodge, situated in Windsor Great Park, along with her former husband. Speaking to Times Radio, the Duchess of York said: “I spend so much time out of the country doing my philanthropic work that when I do come back in, I’m very lucky to be able to stay here. “I don’t think it would be very wrong if I said it was my home. “It’s a place where we are a united front with the girls. “It’s their home and now my grandchildren come here.” Ms Ferguson described herself as a great believer in “communication, compromise and compassion.” She added: “I will stand very firmly by Andrew as a very good and kind man and that's what I believe.” Despite the praise given to her ex-husband, Ms Ferguson asserted that she does not spend much time in the UK as she is often abroad completing “philanthropy work.” She continued: “I don’t spend long here in England because I don’t wish to, I much prefer being out.” Read more: Prince William aware future of Firm rests on his shoulders Ms Ferguson’s declarations of support for Prince Andrew follow suggestions that the Duke of York wishes to have his working royal status reinstated. Following a sustained period of absence from royal events, Prince Andrew attended the Thanksgiving Service in memory of his father, Prince Philip, in March. The controversial royal figure was seen assisting the Queen in her walk through Westminster Abbey during the ceremony. Despite his presence at the Thanksgiving Service for the Duke of Edinburgh, Prince Andrew did not attend the celebrations for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Don't miss: Sidelined Prince Andrew has 'no chance of redemption' [ANALYSIS]Princess Anne praised as Royal Family's 'continuity' at Ascot [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew 'causing almighty row' as aides [REVEAL] Following fierce speculation in the lead up to the bank holiday weekend, Buckingham Palace announced Prince Andrew would not be present at any Platinum Jubilee services as the royal had tested positive for coronavirus. The Prince did attend a private ceremony at Windsor Castle on Monday as part of the Garter Day Service, although he did not make a public royal appearance. Prince Charles and Prince William reportedly intervened to ensure the Queen did not allow Prince Andrew to make a public appearance as Buckingham Palace described the move as a “family decision.”   