Midsomer Murders star Nick Hendrick, who plays DS Jamie Winter in the ITV crime series, opened up about a specific moment on set which left him shocked. As the latest series aired back in May, many were worried the new episodes wouldn't have the tongue-in-cheek sense of humour it was known for, however, Nick shut down their fears and detailed a strange incident which happened on set. Nick joined the long-running series in 2016, and his character works closely alongside DCI John Barnaby (Neil Dudgeon) to get to the bottom of a wide variety of unsuspected crimes. As the series returned, the pair dived into the Scarecrow Murders, where the village of Little Upton became the stage of killings in the run-up to the scarecrow building competition. Bodies were discovered on poles next to the straw creations, leaving Barnaby and Winter to solve the crime before it ruined the big event. Touching on the theme of the episode, Nick explained: "Scarecrows are quite strange. There’s a bizarre sort of rural fascination with scarecrows, and you don't see them around as much as you used to. READ MORE: GB News: Anne Diamond forced to shut down guest over Diana comment "What we often find on set is when you have something like a scarecrow or a [mannequin] body... the scariest thing about them is when they're discarded at the side of the set. "For instance, they're lying innocuously, and you come around the corner down a little bit of the set to find something and then suddenly, there's this strange straw body in some bizarre posture lying on the side. That's when you're like, ‘Oh s**t.’ So it's pretty spooky." The strange and creepy episode left viewers petrified when they realised that dead bodies were being strung up as scarecrows. They took to their social media accounts to discuss the episode, with @Samanth22356123 tweeting: "Me when that scarecrow moved!!" alongside a gif of a man scared.  @Claireybbear added: "When you’re watching #MidsomerMurders, and the scarecrow comes alive!!!!!!" @charscribbles46 commented: "Of all the episodes of Midsomer Murders that they could have aired this week, of course, it's one with scarecrows in. "Just in time for the village's scarecrow competition for the jubilee. Hope no one gets any ideas #midsomermurders #scarecrows." @itsColOutside joked: "If Midsomer murders have taught me anything, it’s to stay away from village fete’s, deadly." DON'T MISS...Midsomer Murders star admits it 'wasn't easy' being Joyce Barnaby  [INSIGHT]Here’s to another 25 years of mild mannered murder - DAVID STEPHENSON [LATEST]Midsomer Murders' Neil Dudgeon was knocked out after taking on muggers [MORE] Filming for the latest series began back in October 2021, with Neil Dudgeon talking to Digital Spy about the lack of "hugging and kissing". "Everyone is excited to get back to work. Sadly there won't be as much hugging and kissing on set as usual, but we've all got to make sacrifices! "It's bound to be a bit strange at first with all the safety protocols, but hopefully, we can all keep each other safe and shoot another great series." The 22nd series celebrates its 25th anniversary after becoming a screen staple since it first aired in 1997. Before the latest series aired, fans pointed out the high homicide rate that Midsomer had for somewhere that was a small village. According to Midsomer’s Wiki page, the series has notched up a pretty high body count with no less than 395 murders across the first 126 episodes. The site estimates that the series has given us 581 deaths in total, as well as an additional 164 attempted murders or suicides. Midsomer Murders airs Tuesday from 8pm on ITV Three.