The Duchess of Cornwall arrived at the event today with Prince Charles, as guests greeted the pair wearing crowns. It is the first time the show has been held in three years after it was cancelled in 2020 and 2021 due to the pandemic.   Prince Charles first visited the show in 1970 and was last at the event at the Wadebridge showground in 2018. The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall were all smiles as they were photographed arriving at the event and touring the grounds on the second day of the event. The royal couple plan on visiting organisations that support the rural community including the Addington Fund, The Farming Community Network and Forage Aid. They will also visit the President's Suite where they will sign the visitors book. It comes on the second day of the event, with thousands turning up yesterday to visit the food, craft and gift stalls, tractors and cars, a funfair, and livestock sections. Prince Charles will visit the Duchy of Cornwall while Camilla will visit the Dog Show and Flower Show. The Prince of Wales has been the patron of the Royal Cornwall Agricultural Association who organises the annual show since 2002. The show is running until Saturday. READ MORE: Royal Family: Queen's two-word response to Meghan and Harry Charles will also present the 2021 and 2022 winners of his own award, The Duke of Cornwall’s Award for Farm Diversity. Presenting awards is a standard practice in the realm of all things royal, and the events tend to get lost in the packed history of the Royal Family. Simon Grace from Devon who is here for one day shook hands with Prince Charles. He told CornwallLive: “It was my first Prince Charles encounter. We're big fans of the Queen and of Prince Charles and the work he does through the Prince’s Trust. We have great respect and affection for Her Majesty.” One lady who spoke to Prince Charles also said: “I told him to say to Camilla that she looks absolutely lovely. He told me to tell her myself but I told him I can't sit she's ahead of you. He was lovely." DON'T MISS:Nightmare for pubgoers as smoking in beer gardens could be BANNED [INSIGHT]More holiday hell as airfares set to soar [ANALYSIS]'F**k off!' Tory MP erupts at unrepentant anti-Brexit campaigner [COMMENT]  David Ledger from King’s Orchard Honey said: "[Prince Charles] asked me how many colonies I'm running. I have 200 in Tamar valley and he asked me how they are doing. I said to Camilla, I know you have black bees. She said they had a few swarms. She asked about our honey." Charles and Camilla spent time visiting the stalls at the event today. Ruth Warfield from Falmouth Distilling said: "Charles asked for a Loveday and Tonic and Camilla asked for High Point aperitif from Bodmin. They loved the drinks. They said it was really refreshing." Boris Johnson is also present at the event, with the Prime Minister seen trialling some of the food at the stalls.