Novak Djokovic avoided a potentially embarrassing first-round exit at Wimbledon in his clash with a determined Soonwoo Kwon. The 20-time major champion was on the backfoot for much of the first couple of sets with Kwon finding himself 3-1 up in both the first and second. But despite being far from his best, Djokovic was still able to find his way past a tricky opponent and progress into the second round. Djokovic was the pre-tournament favourite coming into Wimbledon despite playing no warm-up event on grass. It wasn't until the Italian Open where Djokovic appeared back up to full speed after his enforced break around the Australian Open as he didn't drop a single set before winning the title. But he was unable to do anything againsta determined Nadal in their French Open quarter-final last time out. Still, his record at Wimbledon spoke for itself and having not lost at SW19 since 2016, he would have expected to sail through the opening round. But Kwon had different ideas entirely as he shocked Centre Court - and his opponent no less - in racing to a 3-1 lead in the first set. JUST IN: Wimbledon fans outraged as BBC viewers miss out on Djokovic opener  The crowd were quickly on his side, sensing one of the biggest shocks in Wimbledon history. Djokovic though was able to settle himself quickly and proved his championship pedigree to win five straight games and take the opening set. From there, many opponents would have buckled at the sheer level of what would be required to beat the former world No 1. But Kwon once again found himself with a chance of breaking Djokovic's serve early in the second and took a 4-1 lead. This time there was no comeback from Djokovic as he began to cut a frustrated figure in looking up at the sky. The Centre Court crowd roared in celebration when Kwon served to take the second set and level the match at 1-1. DON'T MISS  The South Korean was on cloud nine and even sported a grin from time to time as he went back to his corner knowing full well he was giving Djokovic a run for his money. The third set would prove decisive with neither player giving much away on their own serve as Kwon showcased his flat forehand winners and impressive approach play at the net. But one iota of a chance was all Djokovic needed to break serve towards the end of the set and take back the advantage. Djokovic consolidated the break to take the third set and it was always going to be difficult for Kwon from there. The 24-year-old wasn't going down without a fight, but Djokovic's strong position in the match appeared to give him the needed energy to see of the match. Kwon lost serve at 3-2 and Djokovic consolidated with a love-service game and it was over at that point. Kwon still forced Djokovic to serve for the match, but he was able to see it out and progress to the next round where he will face either Thanasi Kokkinakis or Kamil Majchrzak.