Royal Ascot has returned today for its third day, and guests have already started to turn up in their best looks. The races are an opportunity for members of the public to don their smartest dresses, suits, and headpieces. The hats at Royal Ascot are always a sight to behold, with many choosing their best fascinators, headbands, and wide-brimmed pieces. Today, one woman turned up wearing a huge pink tulle headpiece, which looked like a fluffy rose-shaped marshmallow. She paired this with a pink and green floral dress with a black cross-body quilted Chanel bag. Another guest wore a subtler headpiece: a white headband featuring a white flower made of soft feathers. READ MORE: Prince William embraces Mike Tindall - 'provider of support & banter' She wore a brown and white polka dot dress and carried a white fan to cool down. Polka dots were popular on the racecourse today: two women arrived wearing black and white polka dot dresses. One woman donned black heels, while the other opted for a more comfortable pair of black sandals. Another racegoer was seen in all-purple, wearing a purple midi-dress and a fascinator featuring two huge purple flowers.  One woman wore a purple and white printed dress, matching this with a purple straw hat with a large ribbon on its front. Another woman wore a huge headpiece featuring multicoloured feathers in blue, yellow, orange, and pink – pairing this with a bright pink dress. One racegoer kept it her look subtle with a black wide-brimmed hat and a red and black polka dot skirt. She print-clashed with a black long-sleeved top covered in red flowers. Other women turned up in long sheer dresses and matching hats, while one racegoer was photographed in a yellow headband with black detailing. Despite the heat, the women arriving at Royal Ascot today donned full faces of make-up and their hair was immaculately blow dried in place. They wore sunglasses and carried small cross-body bags or clutches. Heels are not a requirement at the races, but there are other rules racegoers must abide by. Guests sitting in the Royal Enclosure should wear a hat, however a headpiece which has a solid base of four inches (10cm) or more in diameter is also acceptable. Fascinators are not permitted. In the Queen Anne and Village Enclosures, a hat, headpiece, or fascinator should be worn at all times. The Windsor Enclosure does not have an official dress code but a hat or fascinator is recommended for women.