Harry Redknapp has been married to his wife Sandra Redknapp for over five decades after the couple wed in 1967. The I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! winner and his other half have remained by each other's sides through the highs and lows of life. The pair have been through challenging times - including when Harry accidentally run over Sandra's foot in 2016 but has remained a constant support ever since they met at the age of 17. The loved-up couple is set to appear on Celebrity Gogglebox, endured a terrible loss in 2008. In April of the same year, Sandra received the news that she was dreading, that her twin sister Patricia had died in hospital. Pat sadly died at the age of 58, just 10 days after being admitted to hospital with severe pneumonia. READ MORE: Penny Lancaster stuns as she bids sweet farewell to Rod Stewart Sandra's twin is the mother of former Chelsea midfielder Frank Lampard. Harry and his wife spent lots of time with their nephew and Pat's husband Frank Lampard Senior. Addressing the family heartbreak, Harry said: "Pat had never had a day’s illness then suddenly within three or four days we lost her. "Sandra and her were so close, it was crazy — they were always on the phone for hours every day."  When young Frank met TV presenter Christine Bleakley a year later, it was Sandra that he turned to as he sought blessing for a relationship with the TV presenter. During their emotional wedding ceremony, Frank's late mum was at the forefront of his mind as he told friends and family how much she would have loved his new wife in a tear-jerking speech. He had once described himself as a "mummy's boy" and had often turned to his Aunty Sandra for guidance. The strength of their relationship was really put to the test in 2016 when Harry accidentally ran over his wife's foot. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden, 51, lets fans into bedroom moment[LATEST]'Stupid w**ker!' Kirstie Allsopp unleashes as she's mocked over NHS[TWITTER]Buckingham Palace ban George Ezra's song at Queen's Platinum Jubilee[ROYALS] Harry accidentally reversed over Sandra and feared she was going to lose her foot. “It was just a freak accident you know, Sandra went across the road and unfortunately she had gone behind the car to cross over the road and as I went to drive off I caught her," he told BBC News. “I drove over her ankle basically, if the full weight of the car had gone over the ankle god knows what would have happened to her ankle and her foot." The former West Ham United manager took to Instagram and gushed over his wife. Sharing a candid snap of Sandra as she celebrated her birthday, he penned a gushing tribute. In view of his 1.4 million followers, he wrote: "Happy Birthday Sarn. What a result I’ve had. "You are my life and I’m so lucky to have you. Love you forever, H x The couple have been married for 54 years and they share two adult sons, Mark Redknapp and former professional footballer Jamie Redknapp. 