Carol Bell, 50, was supposed to be looking after the woman but betrayed her trust by using her bank card on seven occasions in 10 days. A court heard the grandmother plundered the money on king-size cigarettes, top-up cards and confectionary to the total value of £133. After suspicions were raised, the victim's daughter went to the store in question to investigate. CCTV was accessed and the daughter was able to identify Bell straightaway, reports Chronicle Live. The defendant was arrested and yesterday pleaded guilty to seven counts of fraud by false representation. But her six-month jail term was suspended for 18 months at Newcastle Crown Court, even though a judge said Bell had abused the victim's trust. Judge Stephen Earl added: "In cases where a carer goes into the home of somebody and looks after them and is then given proper use of financial details like a bank card then makes improper use of it, that's something that passes the custody threshold. "This is done several times and what stopped it is getting caught. These are cases of high culpability because of the people they are looking after. There has to be trust in the system or who's going to let anyone into their home?"   The disgraced carer confessed her guilt at the first opportunity after police in Wallsend, Tyne and Wear, arrested her in August last year. Kate Barnes, prosecuting, said: "CCTV (at the shop) was accessed and the defendant was immediately recognised as the person using the card belonging to the victim." Staff also provided receipts, which showed regular Bell's purchases, and the sleuthing daughter contacted the care company. Bell, from Wallsend, no longer works in the care industry but "doesn't know why" she committed the offences. Oliver Connor, defending, said: "She has since left the industry and has no plans to return. She offers no real explanation as to why she committed these offences, she doesn't know why she did this. "She described it to me as stupid and she feels awful about it. She has shown remorse. "Since leaving the care industry she has worked at a covid testing centre and since lined up other work. She enjoys her job and is thankful to have found it. She lives with her sister in Wallsend and she helps care for her grandchildren." 