The M62 near Eccles Interchange is completely blocked with no traffic able to pass through. The collision happened nearly an hour ago, leaving the motorway blocked in both directions with traffic building.  A statement on National Highways website says: "The M62 in Greater Manchester is closed eastbound between J11 (Birchwood) and J12 due to a serious collision. All emergency services are currently on scene, including North West Motorway Police Group. National Highways Traffic Officers are also on scene assisting with traffic management.  "Please note that the link road from the M60 clockwise to the M62 westbound is also closed due to this incident." One man has been taken to hospital following the crash, reports Manchester Evening News. Eastbound traffic towards the incident is being diverted via the solid triangle diversion symbol, according to National Highways, with motorists urged to leave the M62 at J11, and re-join via the M60/M602 interchange. READ MORE: Brexit news: The six countries that could join the EU next Traffic services says the collision and closure has caused major delays on adjoining routes, with the M60 conjested from junction 17-12 on the anti-clockwise carriageway, and tailbacks on the M61. National Highways further tweeted: "Please be aware that there is currently approx. 4 miles of congestion on approach to this #M62 eastbound closure, causing delays of at least 60 minutes above usual journey times. "Please plan ahead if you're in the area this afternoon." Traffic cameras in the area continue to show queuing traffic eastbound. DON'T MISS:US seize $325m Russian superyacht after legal battle [INSIGHT]Ukraine: Huge blow for Putin - 'The Executioner' killed by sniper [PICTURES]Putin humiliated as MILLIONS of Russians evade internet crackdown [ANALYSIS] Here are full diversion details from Highways England of how to try and avoid delays. Eastbound traffic is being diverted via the solid triangle diversion symbol  One lane has now been opened westbound.