Large plumes of smoke could be seen in the Greater Manchester sky after a fire broke out in Radcliffe. Pictures and videos of the fire soon circulated on social media as a thick cloud of smoke soon swelled over the city. Social media users from as far away as Bury shared images of the smoke billowing into the sky. Video footage on Twitter showed the smoke rising above Pioneer Mills, which is located beside the River Irwell. According to Manchester Evening News, onlookers reported seeing huge numbers of fire units in the area. Fire engines from Greater Manchester Fire & Rescue (GMFR) are at the scene dealing with the blaze and crewmembers were said to have found a single-storey building well alight and generating a significant plume of smoke. JUST IN: Oxford Street emergency: Londoners in rush hour panic as police and paramedics swarm area A spokesperson for Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue said in an update at 10.40pm: “Just after 9:15pm this evening (Tuesday 31 May) we were called to reports of a fire at a commercial premises on Milltown Street, Radcliffe. “Eight fire engines were quickly mobilised to the scene, where crews found a single-storey building well alight and generating a significant plume of smoke. “Firefighters are currently working hard to tackle the blaze in sectors using jets and hose reels. "Residents in the area are advised to keep their windows and doors closed at this time.” GMFR issued a further warning to local residents on social media. The infographic said: "Keep your doors and windows closed!" GMFR issued a second update at 1.00am on Wednesday morning which revealed crews will remain at the scene as firefighters continue operations into the night. A spokesperson for Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue said: “Crews remain at the scene of a fire on Milltown Street in Radcliffe, involving a single-storey commercial building. DON'T MISSPOLL: Will you 'spend to save' by replacing gas boiler with heat pump? [POLL]34,000 TUI passengers to have flights cancelled 'by end of today' [LATEST]Crime gangs target vulnerable in new scam [REPORT] “Eight fire engines from stations across the city-region attended the incident, assisted by a hydraulic platform from Oldham, a Command Unit from Atherton, a hose laying lorry from Chadderton, and an air unit and high-volume pump from Stretford. “GMFRS crews are also being supported at the scene by colleagues from Greater Manchester Police, North West Ambulance Service, and Bury Council. “Firefighters have been working hard in challenging conditions to tackle the blaze using ground monitors, handheld jets, hose reels, lighting equipment, and breaking in-gear. “Crews will continue firefighting operations throughout the night as they work to contain and extinguish the remaining pockets of fire and damp down hotspots.”