Samantha Fox, 56, has been left “in shock” after doctors discovered a 10mm growth between her vocal cords. The lump was found after Sam sought medical attention due to issues with her singing. Following tests, doctors ruled that the growth is in a “precarious” position, but have not determined at this stage whether it is cancerous. The former Page 3 model says she was left in tears when she saw the growth.And, following a history of cancer in her family, she has expressed her worries that it could be throat cancer.Sam told The Sun: “When I saw the growth on the screen, I thought, ‘Oh God, that’s not normal’."It looked very big. You think about throat cancer straight away. READ MORE:Penny Lancaster stuns as she bids sweet farewell to Rod Stewart “The doctor said, ‘We have to get that out as soon as possible. It might be nothing, but it might not be’.”The singer adds that her fiancée, Linda Olsen, 48, was with her when she received the news and “broke down in tears”.Sam adds she is “in shock” and has “cried a lot”.She will have surgery to remove the growth this month. Doctors have told her that even if the lump is benign, its “precarious position” means “scarring is very much a possibility”.Sam’s former long-term partner, Myra Stratton, died in 2015 after battling a rare cancer in her jaw.Sam and Myra were in a relationship for 16 years and Sam took care of her until she died.Speaking in 2016, Sam’s mother, Carole Ann - who also suffered with breast cancer - told OK! Magazine: “Nursing the person she loved was heartbreaking for Sammy. DON'T MISSPatrick Swayze's beautiful final words to wife[INSIGHT]Johnny Depp's lawyer Camille speaks out on romance claims[NEWS]Carol McGiffin on not being intimate for seven years after sex drought[LATEST] “Myra had a nasty, very rare cancer in her jaw. It spread and went into all parts of her body. The illness became so awful as time went on.”Following Myra’s death, Sam found love with Linda.Sam opened up about their relationship during her time in the Celebrity Big Brother house.She told fellow housemate Marnie Simpson: “I’ve now [fallen] in love with another woman. “I met somebody a couple of months ago and I'm very happy. As you get older life goes so quick.”The couple now plan to get married next week.They were originally due to wed back in 2020 but had to postpone their big day because of Covid.