Manchester United are growing increasingly confident of completing a deal to sign Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong this summer, according to reports in Spain. It's a saga that has been rife in recent weeks, despite the transfer window not opening until June 10, but could soon take significant steps. New United boss Erik ten Hag has identified a new midfielder and striker as two priority positions to address ahead of his maiden campaign. And De Jong is understood to be a leading target as the Red Devils look to take advantage of Barcelona's dire need to raise funds for their own summer signings. According to Sport, United now believe the transfer is there to be done and feel they could make a breakthrough in negotiations for the 25-year-old in the coming days. Ten Hag's hopes of reuniting with De Jong have been boosted further, with the former Ajax ace given 'food for thought' by the prospect of playing in the Premier League. United's summer budget is limited after the club's failure to qualify for the Champions League during a nightmare 2021-22 season under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. But Ten Hag, starting a major rebuild at Old Trafford, is willing to splash a chunk of his budget to make De Jong a central figure in his revolution. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag 'prepares £34m bid' with Man Utd leading race for signing Despite their financial woes, Barcelona have been playing hardball over their valuation of De Jong, for who United are understood to be willing to pay up to £60million plus add-ons. But the Netherlands international's own stance has been another hurdle, publicly stating he wants to remain at Camp Nou beyond the summer. On international duty this month, he said: "I don't want to talk about rumours anymore. I feel good at Barcelona. There is no agreement and nothing official. I prefer to stay at Barcelona. I said this before, Barcelona is the club of my dreams ever since I was little." READ MORE: Arsenal suffer Jesus blow as rivals offered star amid salary demands United have sidelined other transfer targets as they go full steam ahead in their pursuit of Ten Hag's dream signing. But he is thought to also strongly admire Ajax defender Jurrien Timber and Benfica striker Darwin Nunez, two players who could follow De Jong to Old Trafford. A summer of change is guaranteed in M16, on the pitch and off it, with more outgoings than incomings expected in line with Ten Hag's desire for a lean squad. He will be interested in quality over quantity when it comes to signings, and De Jong's arrival would mark an exciting start to his reign. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.