Millions of people depend on the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) benefits to help them pay energy bills and put food on the table. With the cost of everyday items continuing to rise, many will be desperate for this extra financial help. As the cost of living crisis continues to make life tough for many people, help is on its way in the form of cost of living payments. Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced eight million of the lowest paid households will be receiving an extra £650 to help pay for soaring energy bills. Millions of Britons who depend on Universal Credit and Pension Credit can expect the first instalment of £650 on or after July 14. It will also be paid to people on Income-based Jobseeker’s Allowance, Income-related Employment and Support Allowance, Income Support, Working Tax Credit and Child Tax Credit. Eligible people on tax credits can expect the first payment of £326 from autumn 2022, and the second payment of £324 from winter 2022. Who is eligible for the £650 Cost of Living payment? To get the first instalment of £326, people must have been entitled to a payment (or later found to be entitled to a payment) of either:  READ MORE: ‘Abolish licence fee!’ Furious viewers urge TV licence to be scrapped To get the first Cost of Living Payment of £326, Working Tax Credit or Child Tax Credit recipients must have received a payment, or an annual award of at least £26, of tax credits on any day in the period April 26, 2022 to May 25, 2022. People who receive Universal Credit, Pension Credit or any of the legacy benefits will receive £326 on July 14 and another instalment in Autumn. All Britons will receive £400 from the DWP no matter what their income. Anyone who relies on disability benefits will get a further £150 to help pay energy bills. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis shares the 'best thing' to do with inheritance money [UPDATE]Martin Lewis slams energy suppliers as exit fees soar to £600 [WARNING]Rishi Sunak to give pensioners extra £850 [INSIGHT]‘It was stressful’ Mum loses £200 to faulty ATM while on dream holiday [ALERT] The seven disability benefits are: Attendance Allowance, Constant Attendance Allowance, Disability Living Allowance, Personal Independence Payment, Scottish Disability Benefits, Armed Forces Independence Payment and War Pension Mobility Supplement. People don’t need to apply for these additional payments as they should be made automatically. However, campaigners are urging people to check whether they are receiving all the benefits they are entitled to. Benefits like Pension Credit often also act as a gateway benefit to further financial support like a free TV licence (for over 75s) and housing benefit. READ MORE: Carer's Allowance: How to claim and who is eligible Pensioners may receive an extra £300 this winter to help survive the cost of living crisis. An additional £300 will be given in support to over eight million pensioner households this winter. Many people are already struggling to pay energy bills despite the fact that it’s summer. Households are witnessing an annual average energy bill hike of £693, with costs expected to hit £2,800 by October. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The extra £300 will be added to people’s Winter Fuel Payments. They are usually paid automatically if they are receiving the State Pension. More information can be found at Gov.uk.