Michael is best known at the moment for playing Al Chapman on Emmerdale, the ruthless businessman who seems to have become Cain Dingle's (Jeff Hordley) greatest adversary. At the moment, it seems the villainous character is going to start an affair with Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) following the death of his adoptive father and the Woolpack bar manager struggling to come to terms with the fact her mother is dying. However, life is very different for the ITV soap star off-camera and it might surprise some viewers to know how old the actor is. According to the world of the weeknight serial drama, Al is supposed to be in his mid to late 40s or early 50s, with the only information known about his birthday being it is celebrated on 23 November. Due to his ruthless nature, the character never has a big celebration to mark the occasion as it is just another day to him. For Michael, things are very different as it seems he likes to mark the occasion with his friends and family in private. Born in January 1970, the actor is currently 52 years old, meaning he would have turned 50 just before the coronavirus pandemic. As the soap star doesn't seem to be very active on social media platforms, it is not specially known how he celebrated with his loved ones. READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen This means Michael was on the cusp of turning 50 years old when he joined the cast of the weeknight serial drama back in 2019. However, this was not the actor's first role he had secured in his career as the soap star's began appearing in shows and on stage from 1997. At this point in time, Michael would have been 27 years old, with his first notable credit being in the film, Bring Me the Head of Mavis Davis. By the time he was turning 40 years old, the actor has also featured in a motion picture as he was cast to play a centaur in Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. It is not yet known when or if Al will leave the village of Emmerdale so it could seem Michael is going to age a few more years before he puts this role behind him. Having been in show business for the past 25 years, the actor has spoken about whether his current role is the most challenging of his career. The actor said: "You go in and you work 12-13-hour shifts and it is relentless. I always say to people on this job, every script I’ve had over the last two decades I get every week and a half. "It’s like having a new job every week which is great because I never know what’s coming. It’s one of the hardest jobs you’ll do in the game." However, this has had an impact on the soap star's young seven-year-old son who misses his father when he's not at home. Michael added in an interview with ITV's Loose Women: "My son had a little bit of anxiety issues when I first started the job." DON'T MISS...Lisa Riley weight loss: Soap star dropped 12st while enjoying treats [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb details health woes during heatwave [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Kelvin Fletcher sparks Tom Selleck comparisons with tash [PICTURES] "When they come into consciousness, around four or five, [before] I could leave and do two weeks away…shoot stuff and come back and 'Daddy’s back!' "Now he’s asking, 'How many sleeps?' and it’s hard. "The first month on the job he was crying when I left and I hadn’t experienced that before. My wife, she’s also in the game. "She’s a singer and an actress, when she has to go away she experiences the same thing. So I had to get used to that on this particular job," he explained. Despite all of the challenges in his personal life, it seems Michael is excited to be a part of the show's 50th-anniversary celebrations later this year. Ahead of the landmark episodes, viewers have already seen Al and Cain go head to head this year as part of a car crash stunt. Al managed to save Cain and his sister Chas from being crushed by a pylon when their car went crashing head first into it. It seems the actor was happy to be a part of this as he said: "Making films is what I love doing, but I am also really enjoying playing Al and this week’s super stunt week has been so much fun to do. "Making films is what I love doing, but I am also really enjoying playing Al and this week’s super stunt week has been so much fun to do." This isn't the first time Michael has been involved in stunts as he has also featured in Steven Spielberg films in the past. The actor continued: "I had been offered the part of a character by Steven but, when I arrived, it hadn’t been written up. "So he gave me bits of A4 paper with lines to learn every day. "At the end of the shoot, Steven shook my hand and told me, ‘I really want to apologise for putting you on the spot. I kept on throwing stuff at you’. "I laughed and replied, ‘What am I going to do? Turn down extra lines from Steven Spielberg? No way,'" he explained to The Mirror. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.