Chelsea fans have rediscovered an old tweet from Ousmane Dembele that has sent them into raptures. The Barcelona star has been linked with a free transfer to Stamford Bridge this summer. Dembele's old Chelsea tweet has resurfaced and it is fair to say that it has sent some waves through the Blues fanbase. There have been strong reports that the Frenchman could make the switch to Stamford Bridge this summer. After the takeover was completed last month that saw Roman Abramovich sell the club to Todd Boehly, the American billionaire wants to earmark the new era with some stellar signings. The likes of Jules Kounde, Josko Gvardiol and Christopher Nkunku have all been shortlisted as potential summer arrivals. But also included is Barcelona ace Dembele, who is out of contract this summer after five years at the Nou Camp. While it has largely been a failed spell at the Catalan club for the 25-year-old, the second-half of the campaign saw him hit a purple patch of form - registering nine assists in seven matches at one point. While the likes of Paris Saint-Germain and Manchester United have been linked, a reunion with Thomas Tuchel looks on the cards. It was under the German where Dembele looked his best at Borussia Dortmund. And fans believe that the France international has an allegiance to Chelsea after an old tweet of his came to light. Back in August 2013, it simply read "Ohh Chelsea" and might have been in response to the Super Cup final between the Blues and Bayern Munich - that ended with the Germans winning on penalties. Dembele, who was coming up through the Rennes academy at the time, has inadvertently excited the Chelsea fanbase, including this supporter who said: "The wait is almost over my friend." Another said: "Join us ous pls." "Welcome To Chelsea," a third fan confidently tweeted in reply. While another replied: "We remind you Dembele that you are welcome at Stamford Bridge." A fifth said: "We all know you want to join @ChelseaFC." And another wrote: "We have to secure this one, Dembele to Chelsea." If Chelsea do go ahead and sign Dembele, it could signal some departures at Stamford Bridge where the likes of Christian Pulisic, Timo Werner and Hakim Ziyech have been linked with exits. With a host of changes primed, Tuchel might have many big decisions to make over the remaining months of the summer. There is also the problematic situation of Romelu Lukaku, who wants to return to Inter Milan just one year after signing for the Blues. It has been a disappointing season for the Belgian, who has been relegated to a spot on the bench behind Kai Havertz.