Diana closed the incredible party at the palace as fans cheered. The Royal Family watched the proceedings and waved flags from the Royal Box. Diana Ross wore an incredible black and white dress with a huge skirt and statement sleeves. The star’s dress voluminous sleeves cascaded as she raised her arms while commanding the stage. The monochrome dress had a white poofy skirt with one black stripe, while the bodice was black. It also had a diamante belt detail at the waist to set off the whole look. READ MORE: ‘How lovely’ Sophie and Lady Louise wow at Jubilee concert Diana’s huge earrings reached her collarbones adding an incredible touch of sparkle to her look. She also wore a tight necklace and a diamante bracelet as she sang out the Party at the Palace. The star smiled as she clutched the microphone at the huge party to celebrate and honour The Queen. One person tweeted: “I wanted more! Beautiful Diana Ross. Wow. The best bit of the show.” Another said: “Diana Ross sounding pretty much as good as she ever has.” Richard Hingston tweeted: “Diana Ross, wow what a show. You did us proud, Diana. What a star.” Another said: “So many great artists tonight at Buckingham Palace party, but the ‘crown’ surely has to go to Ms Diana Ross!” One said: “Loved the show and seeing the lights. Awesome performances, especially Diana Ross.” Several members of the Royal Family attended the showstopping concert at Buckingham Palace. Prince Charles took to the stage to deliver a touching tribute to his mother, The Queen, while Camilla joined him. The Duke of Cambridge also spoke to guests and was joined in the Box by his wife, Kate and their two eldest children, George and Charlotte. The Duchess was pictured speaking to her two children and laughing as the family enjoyed the music. Sophie, Countess of Wessex, sported a summery look as she waved to the crowds from the Box. She was joined by her husband and their two children, who also waved from the Box as the show began. Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie were accompanied by their husbands and wore chic dresses. Zara Tindall was joined by husband Mike while Princess Anne sat in the front row for the extravaganza.