Former Arsenal goalkeeper David Seaman believes that his old club need to sign a “finished article” striker this summer similar to Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, who left the Emirates Stadium in January. The Gunners have also allowed Alexandre Lacazette to depart on a free transfer to Lyon, and are set to hand Eddie Nketiah a new contract at the club. “Obviously we need to sort out the striking situation,” Seaman told TJ Sports USA. “We need a marquee signing, the finished article. We have got young strikers, we have got them in line, people coming back from loans, it’s something we need. “I would like an Aubameyang-type player, but with a bit of a better attitude. That’s the sort of signing that we need, the finished article. Someone the young players can look at and learn off as well.” Arsenal just missed out on top four to north London rivals Tottenham Hotspur as they were pipped to a Champions League place by just two points last season. Despite the initial disappointment of finishing fifth having been well positioned to secure fourth place, Seaman insists that it was a positive season for the Gunners. “It was an improvement,” the 58-year-old, who suffered Soccer Aid defeat on penalties on Sunday, added. “We finished eighth twice. A lot of people will just go to the negative straight away and say we threw Champions League away, but even when we were in the top four position we were like ‘Woah, we are overachieving here’, and the fact that we finished fifth and are now in the Europa League is still a really good positive. It means we will attract better players. “Looking at it, we are more equipped to win the Europa League than we are the Champions League. We have got a more realistic chance of winning that. “It is all about being positive and progressing, and that’s what is happening, we are getting better and better. The young players are now getting experience and it all just leads to a good future for Arsenal.” Arsenal have been linked with moves for Manchester City’s Gabriel Jesus and Sassuolo’s Gianluca Scamacca as Mikel Arteta looks to bolster his striking options this summer. The Brazilian could leave the Etihad Stadium after the arrival of Erling Haaland, while the Gunners have also reportedly been told to up their bid for Italy international Scamacca by £8.5 after their first bid was rejected. Napoli have also reportedly turned down a £51million bid from Arsenal for Victor Osimhen. Arsenal are set to confirm that Nketiah has signed a new long-term contract with the club soon, despite the Gunners naming the forward on their list of summer departures last week.