Reports in Italy have claimed Cristiano Ronaldo ‘doesn’t feel involved’ in Erik ten Hag’s upcoming Manchester United project. The Portugal international has hinted he’ll be staying, while his new boss has insisted he’s eager to keep the veteran. However, that hasn’t stopped the rumours from rumbling on. Manchester United only re-signed Ronaldo last summer, with the veteran proceeding to score an impressive 24 goals across all competitions. But with the Red Devils enduring a chastening campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick, his future has been the source of much discussion. Ronaldo has suggested he’ll be hanging around for the Ten Hag era, while the 52-year-old said at his unveiling last month the 37-year-old would bring ‘goals’ to his team. Yet, now, La Repubblica claim the veteran ‘doesn’t feel involved’ in the Dutchman’s project. They even go as far to say that Ronaldo has asked Jorge Mendes to secure him a move away from United this summer. Roma are one name mentioned, with Jose Mourinho previously managing his compatriot at Real Madrid. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer Though they didn’t always see eye to eye, they did help dethrone Barcelona as La Liga champions while also achieving Copa del Rey glory together. Ronaldo is also said to be irked by United’s failure to qualify for the Champions League. Yet Roma will also be without Champions League football next season, which means a move to the Stadio Olimpico doesn’t really add up. That said, Sporting Lisbon are also named as potential suitors for the forward. They’re the team Ronaldo started his glittering career at before moving to United back in 2003. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links But while there’s talk of a move away, comments from the icon himself appear to go against what’s being said. Speaking at the start of the month, he said: "I know that he has done a fantastic job at Ajax, and that he is an experienced coach. “But we have to give him time. "Things must change the way he wants. If he does well, all of Manchester United will be successful, so I wish him well. “We are all happy and excited, not only as players, but as fans as well. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “We have to believe that next year we can win titles." Ten Hag said ‘of course’ when asked about Ronaldo being part of his project and, when asked about what he’d bring to the team, merely added: “Goals”. Jamie Carragher, however, thinks Ten Hag would be wise to get rid of Ronaldo to focus on building around younger players. "I'm convinced [Ten Hag] has got to do it with Ronaldo. I'm convinced,” he said recently. “Whether he's allowed to or not, and I've said this consistently through this season, that was not a good signing. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Cristiano Ronaldo is one of the greatest players of all time, and I'm seen as the guy that's criticising Ronaldo. "Ronaldo's a miles better player than I was; I couldn't even lace his boots, obviously. But I'm not saying that to be disrespectful to him - he's amazing. “Ronaldo has never played in a team this bad. He's always played for great teams. His attitude of trying to be the main man, getting the goals, driving people on; when you're in a great team, they're seen as positives. "When you're not playing for a great team, it can be seen as a negative, and I think it has been a negative this season. “Man United can't go into next season with a forward who's going to be 38. Even if he does score goals, that's not right for Man United - one of the biggest clubs in the world."