Oasis guitarist Bonehead, real name Paul Arthurs, has shared an update with his fans as he marks the halfway point in his treatment for tonsil cancer. The musician, 56, shared a message on social media, telling his followers he's "still smiling" in spite of the treatment he's receiving. In view of his 137,000 followers, Bonehead told how he's looking forward to recovery following the rest of his cancer treatment. He wrote: "Quick update. "I'm in again for chemotherapy overnight tonight. "That's my second and final session of chemo, the first wiped me out but hopefully this one will be better," he penned. READ MORE: John Cleese blasts Boris Johnson The star went on: "I'm just past the halfway point in treatment now, I've done 16 out of 30 sessions of radiotherapy and it's getting sore, but I'm still smiling, feeling positive and being me. "Counting down the days now and I'll be finished the day after my birthday on the 24th. "Thank you for all the messages of support, they mean so much, keep them coming I read them all," he told his fans. He continued: "I hope you enjoyed the Etihad and Knebworth shows those of you who went, how good did it look and sound? "Here's to next year, I'll keep you updated but I'm looking to the end of treatment soon and a few months recovery. "Big love to you all xxxx," he ended the post. It comes almost a month after the star told how he was starting treatment for tonsil cancer in May. Arthurs originally shared his diagnosis back in April in a statement on Twitter. DON'T MISS... James Martin devastates fans as he announces show farewell [UPDATE]Jennie Bond, 71, leaves fans stunned with unexpected bikini snap [INSIGHT]Ray Winstone, 65, looks almost unrecognisable in off-duty, topless pic [ANALYSIS] He wrote: “Just to let you all know I'm going to be taking a break from playing for a while. “I have been diagnosed with tonsil cancer. “But the good news is it's treatable and I will be starting a course of treatment soon. “I will keep you posted how it is going,” he added. "Have the best summer and enjoy the gigs if you're going. I'll see you soon xxx.”Frontman Liam Gallagher sent his love to his bandmate with a message of support.He wrote: “Sending BIG love to the 1 n only Bonehead and his family.“Wishing you a speedy recovery we’re all thinking of you rasta you’ll be back on stage before you can say r we doing Colombia LG x.” (sic)