Kate Middleton appears to be wearing a bespoke rich pink dress by Stella McCartney. The royal looks beautiful for the occasion.  Twitter user @GabiK_blogoKate said: "Cambridges in full force!" Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis have all accompanied their parents today to the pageant. Princess Charlotte, seven, is wearing an Amaia Kids Razorbill summer coat. This item retails for £140. READ MORE: Horoscopes today - Russell Grant's star sign forecast for June 5  Kate is wearing a Stella McCartney dress and looks sensational. Thousands of people all across the UK have taken to the streets to party. Among those taking part in the grand finale of the four-day weekend in London are the Cambridges. The Duchess has ended things off on a stylish note. For the joyous occasion today, Kate turned heads in a long-sleeve magenta dress paired with statement earrings. She and Prince William sat alongside their children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis. They all also looked well-dressed for the event in front of Buckingham Palace.  This was just one of the many stylish looks Kate pulled together to celebrate Her Majesty. For the special Trooping the Colour that kicked off the weekend on Thursday, the royal fashion icon opted for a white dress teamed with a navy fascinator. The next day, at the Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral, the Duchess wore a lemon-hued dress with a matching fascinator. Yesterday, she wore a statement-making red coatdress during a visit to Wales with William and their two eldest children.  Afterwards, the four headed to the Platinum Party at the Palace in front of Buckingham Palace, where Kate stunned in an white dress from Self Portrait. Earlier this morning, Kate and William shared a series of adorable photos on their social media accounts of her baking with the Cambridge children. This was for their great-grandmother's milestone achievement. The mum of three kept it casual in & Other Stories jeans, which she paired with a gingham blouse in pink from Brora Cashmere. 