Liverpool not only need to replace Sadio Mane but also Roberto Firmino, according to Reds legend Steve Nicol. Mane wants to leave this summer, with Bayern Munich having already seen a bid turned down for the forward. Mane is out of contract at the end of next season and Liverpool will be wary of letting him leave for free in 12 months time. However, Firmino and Mohamed Salah are also in the same position. Salah has already stated he will definitely be at Liverpool next season. Firmino is also expected to remain at Anfield but he is coming off the back of arguably his least effective season in the Premier League. The Brazilian made just ten league starts last term, with injury affecting his participation. Nicol says Liverpool should sell Mane but believes Firmino also needs to be replaced. READ MORE: Man Utd respond to Liverpool's Darwin Nunez deal as Erik ten Hag makes 'priority' clear  He told ESPN FC: "I think they should sell [Mane], if they can get £40m for him, I think you take it. You’re almost getting what you paid for him and look what he’s done for you. "As I’ve said previously, you can’t keep everyone happy when their contract is coming down, there’s just not enough money so you have to make decisions. The fact you’ve still got Salah, [Diogo] Jota, [Luis] Diaz, you’ve still got Firmino, probably need to replace him, makes it a lot easier to say ‘okay we’ll take £40m for Mane." Liverpool are in the market for a striker and have reportedly struck an agreement with Benfica star Darwin Nunez over personal terms. Manchester United are also keen on the 22-year-old but Liverpool are leading the way for his signature. Bayern have seen an offer of £30m turned down for Mane. Last week, Nicol called on the 30-year-old to reveal the real reason he wants to leave. DON'T MISSArteta makes Saliba stance clear as hint given over Arsenal role [REPORT]Man Utd boss Ten Hag 'interested' in surprise left-field Brighton transfer [RUMOUR]Leeds summer spending to reach £43.5m as Orta 'accelerates' third signing [TRANSFERS]  The Scot said: "I love the 'challenge' word. It's great isn't it. He's basically saying 'I want more dough'. "Come on, it's got nothing to do with the challenge. How's it a challenge? "It's a bigger challenge when you're at the very top to stay there. So just say it's about the dough, it's about the money, come on. Stop throwing in 'challenge'. "I will say though he's been fantastic for Liverpool, he still is fantastic, but the truth is Liverpool and 99.9 per cent of any other club can't pay everybody £5m and £6m, so you have to make choices. It is the right choice in my opinion because six months ago, a guy called Diaz came."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here