Derek Chisora told Kubrat Pulev that he ‘makes him hard’ in an analogy about fighting the best possible opponents. Chisora and Pulev traded trash talk at their face-off on Sunday as they built up anticipation for their upcoming rematch. In the first contest, Pulev came away with a split-decision victory in 2016 at the Barclaycard Arena, Hamburg. Now, the pair will do battle for a second time on July 9 at the O2 Arena, London in an event billed as ‘Total Carnage.’ In the lead-up to their original showdown, there was plenty of carnage. During one face-off Chisora and Pulev had to be separated after Chisora grabbed hold of Pulev’s head. Then during the weigh-in chaos ensued as ‘Del Boy’ bulldozed through the audience after Pulev’s team. But it seems things are heating up once again as their face-off interview with Matchroom Boxing showed signs of the same deep-rooted tension that made their first fight so captivating. When questioned by Pulev about whether Chisora’s habit of constantly fighting the best opposition was ‘smart’ Chisora unleashed one of the most bizarre outbursts the sport has seen for a while. “No, it’s called entertainment, what is smart? It’s called entertainment, I’m in this game to entertain bro I’m not in this game to be smart, do you understand?” said Chisora. “Because the time is running out for people like us, so for me to sit here and say ‘ok, I’m going to fight this guy yeah and then fight him and fight him – it’s a waste of time bro. I can’t wake up and train for that bro. I can’t wake up for that. For you now, I can wake up I can go and pain, train, hard. But really and truly if I have to fight some shmuck somewhere, I won’t be able to train.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Khan releases statement after three charged with gunpoint robbery Darren Till clashes with journalist as heated spat turns personal Nelson gives honest reply to Joshua question in Palmer comparison  Before continuing to admit that he has a ‘hard-on’ for Pulev. "It’s like this, yeah. You've got Miss Universe there, you've got some Timbuktu chick somewhere, fat, smelly p***y, which one would you go for? Which one would you rather wake up for and get a hard-on for? I'm getting my hard-on for you,” he said. “That’s what I’m trying to explain to you. So, you have to understand I am going to come, ferocious, vicious mate. I am going to come. The same way I came on the first time, the second time, for all my fights I’m going to come.” Chisora currently holds a professional record of 32-12 having faced most of the best fighters during his era. ‘Del Boy’ has squared off against the likes of Oleksandr Usyk, Tyson Fury, Vitali Klitschko and a whole host of other world-class opposition. His upcoming opponent, Pulev boasts an impressive 29-2 professional record and is a former two-time European heavyweight champion. ‘The Cobra’s’ two losses came in his two unsuccessful attempts at a world title. The first against Wladimir Klitschko and the second against Anthony Joshua. 