Abi (played by Sally Carman) and Kevin (Michael Le Vell) have recently decided to give their marriage another go after he expressed his love for his wife. The decision came after Abi attempted to kidnap her own son and flee the country over the overwhelming pressure from the custody battle with Imran (Charlie De Melo) and Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor). However, their relationship may be pulled apart once again by murder allegations as they are questioned over the death of Imran. Last night's episode saw the aftermath of Toyah and Imran's crash into a building scaled with scaffolding. As Toyah lay unconscious, Imran desperately tried his best to break free from the car and save his wife from being crushed by the falling debris from the building. After calling for an ambulance, he managed to pull her from the wreckage in time and begged her to stay awake as she seemed to drift unconscious once more. Soon after the ambulance arrived, Toyah was loaded into the vehicle with Imran looking to join her, but he suddenly collapsed to the floor. READ MORE: Gentleman Jack's Suranne Jones talks 'tiring' Anne Lister role Paramedics tried to revive Imran, with police officer Craig Tinker (Colson Smith) asking what had happened to him. They explained that he could have suffered a cardiac arrest due to internal blood loss, with them soon calling the time of his death. Craig dropped to the floor and told Imran: "Come on mate, come on, please!" Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) arrived at the hospital to see how her sister was doing before Toyah asked: "Imran, how's Imran?" Leanne and the doctor gave a worrying look towards one another before he explained: "I am afraid your husband suffered a cardiac arrest. "The paramedics did their utmost to save him, but I am afraid they couldn't, he died at the scene." Later in the episode, a police officer visited Toyah in the hospital to ask about what she remembered about the crash. However, when recalling the day's events, Leanne blamed Abi and Kevin for the crash, as he has their car in his garage to be fixed. DON'T MISS...Charlie de Melo age: How old is Coronation Street's Imran Habeeb star? [INSIGHT]Coronation Street's Abi Franklin star addresses future on ITV soap [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Kelly Neelan to cause Imran Habeeb's death [MORE] Kevin had previously messed with Toyah's car to stop them from going to their cousins in order to help Abi try and flee the country with her son. Two police officers soon arrived at their door and asked whether they could accompany them down to the station to give a statement about what they knew. In tomorrow's episode, official spoilers reveal that Abi and Kevin will endure intense questioning by the police. Did Kevin really do something to the car which led to Imran dying? Will Abi protect her husband just as they begin to get their marriage back on track? Also, during tomorrow's episode, Kelly Neelan (Millie Gibson) tells the police that Imran is on his way to confess everything that happened, leading to more questions about the accident. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk and other press, Abi actress Sally Carman opened up about how Abi felt after being taken in by the police. She explained: "Well, she has had many moments in the past where she has been accused, she has done a lot of things wrong. "But also being accused of doing things that she hasn't done wrong, so her instant fear is, 'Oh, this is it', but she is really concerned and worried about what Kevin did to the car. "And she wants a lot of reassurance, but it is absolutely fine, and he reassures her that whatever he did to the car has been rectified, and the car is fine. "So yeah, but it is going just from worse to worse, so it is hard for her to have a rational brain about it." Coronation Street continues tomorrow from 7pm on ITV.