June has been a big month for the stars so far; it’s seen the back of a taxing mercury retrograde, the transition of task maker Saturn into retrograde, and is soon due to see the start of summer unfold in the solstice towards the end of the month. Before this, it’s due to see a Strawberry Super Full Moon - taking place today - which promises onlookers the view of a larger Moon than usual. But what spiritual meaning does it have? The Full Moon, termed the Strawberry Supermoon, takes place today at 12.51pm BST, 12 hours before the lunar perigee. A Supermoon occurs when the Moon’s orbit is closest to Earth (termed the perigee) at the same time the Moon is full, which makes it appear much bigger and brighter than usual. The reason behind its peculiar ‘Strawberry’ name comes from the Algonquin Native American tribe in the northeastern US and eastern Canada and refers to the wild strawberries that ripen during this time of year ready for harvest. Despite the exciting name, it doesn’t necessarily mean the Moon will be red. However, there are some other exciting connotations to it.  READ MORE: Cursed tomb found with blood-red warning ‘so nobody will open it'  The Strawberry Moon is ‘ripe’ with spiritual meaning, as mentioned it refers to the nutritious wild food staple that was only available for a short time each year. It also perfectly aligns with the Full Moon’s general spiritual significance of enlightenment, illumination, and setting fresh, new intentions. Other historical nicknames for June’s full moon include Honey Moon, Blooming Moon, and Rose Moon, as according to the Old Farmer’s Almanac, are synonymous with the sense of sweetness in the air during the early summer months when fragrant gardens reached their peak.  Love and luck also bear spiritual significance to the June Strawberry Supermoon, as according to the Almanac, June was seen as a particularly lucky time to marry. June is named after the Roman goddess of marriage, Juno. Following marriage comes the ‘honeymoon’, which could refer to the alternative Moon name. When exploring the Moon’s full spiritual meaning, it’s also key to consider the zodiac placement in which it transits. This Supermoon will take place in the fiery sign of Sagittarius, known to astronomers as the explorer Moon.  DON'T MISS: How to keep conservatories cool: 5 best ways from an expert [EXPLAINED]UK space probe spots tsunami-like 'starquake' in Milky Way [INSIGHT]Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [ANALYSIS]    Following the tumultuous months with Mercury in retrograde - an illusion that makes Mercury appear to travel backwards and can be seen to complicate communication, the Sagittarius Full Moon heralds renewal, clarity, and a sense of adventure, according to Moon mentor Kirsty Gallagher. Kirsty said: “The Full Moon is here to illuminate your way forward, helping you to wrap up the first half of the year, tie up loose ends and decide who you want to be and what you want to create in the second half.” Kirsty advised to use this Moon to leave behind anything you don’t want to take into the second half of the year, so you can “adventure into summer, open yourself up to all that’s possible, and grab opportunities as they come along”.  While the Strawberry Moon takes place in the Sagittarius, some believe it can have a physical impact on the body. According to astrology, your hip joints, hip muscles, liver, lumbar muscle, lumbar vertebra, sacrum, tail bone and thigh bones are all more sensitive while the Moon is in Sagittarius, so make sure to take extra care - if you believe in this sort of thing. 