Loose Women star Charlene White has reached out to her co-star Brenda Edwards with a touching message of support. Brenda issued a statement today explaining the cause of death of her 31-year-old son Jamal had been revealed. She explained that SB.TV mogul Jamal had died from cardiac arrhythmia, meaning an irregular heartbeat, after taking recreational drugs. The Chicago star added that she hoped making his cause of death public would help raise awareness of how “extremely unpredictable” drugs can be, so that no more mothers would have to go through what she has. As Brenda posted her statement on Twitter with the caption “Rest In Peace my beautiful baby,” Charlene responded. “Love you B xx,” she penned. READ MORE: Kirstie Allsopp blasts commentator for 'clearly loathing' Royal Family Brenda’s statement came as an inquest into her son’s death was opened and adjourned at West London Coroner's Court. "We have been so incredibly touched by the outpouring of love and support, and you are all helping us try and get through the unimaginable,” she wrote. Revealing Jamal’s cause of death, she said she wanted to address it herself to “everyone who loved, admired and respected” him. “After finding out the news I’ve been in a state of shock, and I’m still trying to process it,” she continued. “It’s so important to me that I do address it as no mother or any loved one should have to go through what Jamal’s sister, Tanisha, and I have been through since he passed. “Jamal had the world at his fingertips – a zest for life and he was unwittingly taken away far too soon,” she went on. “Yet we have come to terms with what has happened, and Jamal is proof that this can happen to anyone. "These types of substances are extremely unpredictable, and we can only hope that this will encourage others to think wisely when faced with similar situations in the future. DON'T MISS...Liz Hurley, 56, celebrates Platinum Jubilee in tiny white bikini [PICS]Zoe Ball blamed for 'painful' Jubilee version of Sweet Caroline [TWITTER]A Place In The Sun's Jonnie Irwin says 'life is pretty upside down' [UPDATE] “His passing has shown that any one bad decision on any one occasion can lead to devastating consequences. "It's so important that we help drive more conversation about the unpredictability of recreational drugs and the impact that they can have - how it takes just one bad reaction to destroy lives." The death of Jamal, who helped launch the careers of stars including Jessie J and Ed Sheeran, caused an outpouring of grief and tributes from colleagues and friends. Prince Charles, who knew Jamal from his tireless work with The Prince’s Trust, tweeted through the charity: “An incredible innovator and entrepreneur, Jamal Edwards MBE has been an inspiration for so many young people, through our work and beyond. Our thoughts are with his family.” Ed wrote on Instagram: “Jamal is my brother. His light shone so bright. He only used it to illuminate others and never asked for anything in return.” He added: “I would not be here without him, professionally and personally. "There will never be anything close to what he is, but I'm so grateful to have existed within his orbit. “My brother, come on."