Princess Eugenie, 32, is the younger daughter of Prince Andrew, Duke of York, and Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York. Before getting married to Jack Brooksbank in 2018, Eugenie slimmed down thanks to a combination of diet and exercise. She has managed to maintain her ideal weight since. What is her secret? Before her wedding on October 12, 2018, at St. George’s Chapel at Windsor Castle, it is estimated Eugenie lost around four pounds, according to personal trainer Jess Tonking. She said: “Princess Eugenie has a gorgeous shape with all the right curves but it does appear more recently she may have shed some body fat in prep for her wedding. “If she has been following a weight training programme it's hard to determine how much weight she has lost due to muscle gain. “I believe she may have lost three percent body fat in the six weeks since the Royal Wedding of Meghan Markle and Prince Harry.” READ MORE: Queen Letizia stays slim by avoiding certain foods and one drink Eugenie is no stranger to a balanced diet and regular exercise. Speaking in 2016, she told Harper’s Bazaar what she enjoys doing to stay fit and active. She explained: “I get up around 6:45am to start exercising by 7am. “I go to the park from 7am to 8am. I do circuits – which I love because they're quick – burpees, squat jumps, lunges, the whole lot.” DON'T MISS:Diet: Full-fat foods 'better option' for weight lossEmily Ratajkowski flashes washboard abs in barely there crop topLiz Hurley, 57, looks fraction of her age in skimpy Versace dress  Eugenie also likes to go to the gym when she can – preferring the sessions and work outs there to running. “It’s much better, as I can’t run for a long time,” she said. “Or I go with my best friend to this amazing, women-only gym called Grace Belgravia.” As for diet, Eugenie has sometimes opted for a vegan diet, having hosted a luxurious 31st birthday party back in 2019 complete with a plant-based menu – including dairy-free cake. She treats herself to meals out occasionally too, revealing that she enjoys visiting the healthy London restaurant, Detox Kitchen, in central London. The restaurant offers health-conscious snacks, juices, smoothies, and takeaway meals. Eugenie continued: “For lunch, I walk over to the Detox Kitchen, which is right across Regent Street in Kingly Court. “They do the best food, all healthy. There's often a queue outside. “I try to not eat at my desk because it's good to go outside, especially in the summer, and it's always fun to explore Soho.” As for alcohol, Eugenie doesn’t drink much, but when she does it’s a light, healthy option that’s low in calories. She said: “My favourite drink is vodka soda with loads of lime. Can’t beat that.” Nutrition experts have long debated if it’s worth drinking alcohol or not – and if the former, only a little is advised. Founder of The Fast 800 diet, Dr Michael Mosley, has previously told Express.co.uk that a little wine is recommended as part of the healthy Mediterranean diet. He said: “Eating fruits and vegetables, as well as full-fat yoghurt and the occasional glass of wine in the evening is also encouraged.”