Officers this morning cordoned off a section of Norton High Street, where the pub is located and are carrying out an investigation. Both suspects were wearing helmets and there have been no arrests at this time. At the time of the shooting, the pub was closed and no one was inside, so there are no reported injuries. Picture footage from this morning shows armed officers searching the area of the incident. Cleveland Police said in a statement: “Police received a report of a firearms discharge at The Bank Public House on Norton High Street around 12.30am this morning, Wednesday, June 29. “The incident happened when two suspects riding a motorbike and both wearing helmets attended the premises and discharged a firearm, before making off on the motorbike in a southerly direction along Norton High Street towards Norton Road (in the direction of Stockton town centre)… “Enquiries are ongoing and there have been no arrests at this time.” READ MORE: Putin suffers another crushing blow as close ally betrays him One witnesses told TeessideLive they saw the whole event unfold. They said: “I was walking home last night and heard two cracks, it was two lads with air rifles and they shot at the windows of the pub, then they sped off on a motorbike. DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] “I phoned the owner to let him know what had happened because I know him when another lad turned up, shot at the door, causing a massive crack in the door then sped off as well.” A local who lives just two doors up from the pub added: “My daughter was in the car outside last night and heard two bangs. “She wasn’t sure if it was an exhaust back firing or a gun.” Cleveland Police have asked for anyone with information to come forward to help with their investigation. They said: “Detectives are appealing to any witnesses, anyone with information or anyone with CCTV or dash cam footage from around the High Street and Norton Road around the time of the incident to contact them on 101, quoting incident number 111861. “Independent charity Crimestoppers can also be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111, or online at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.”