A vote of confidence in Boris Johnson has been confirmed for tonight. In light of the updates, Conservative peers Lord Hayward claimed a new leader in the scenario Boris Johnson loses the vote still needs to be a “Brexiteer”. Among the possible five candidates he outlined to takeover from the PM, he named Liz Truss, Nadhim Zahawi, Penny Mordaunt, Jeremy Hunt and Tom Tugendhat. Referring to tonight’s ballot, he forecasted “the PM will win”, but pointed out what people will be measuring is “the scale by which he wins”. Lord Hayward said: “People I would keep my eyes open for are Liz Truss, Nadhim Zahawi and Penny Mordaunt. “Nadhim and Penny are people who along with Liz would actually look be likely to run along with Jeremy Hunt and Tom Tugendhat. “Rishi Sunak was much mentioned, but he’s had his own problems recently. “But I think if there were a new leader it would still be a Brexiteer.” He added: “Last week I said, PMs don’t survive once they’ve gone into votes of confidence. “Because it’s corrosive in itself. “You may survive the vote, but there’s a clear indication of the scale of dissent and it erodes and erodes. “And the next event in this case may be the by-elections. READ MORE: SHAME on them: EU chiefs IGNORE Queen's Platinum Jubilee in snub “There may be something before that, but it is corrosive. “I think the PM will win tonight, but it is the scale by which he wins that people will be measuring.” Referring to the booing the PM received at St Paul’s Cathedral for Thanksgiving service, he said: “The booing had an effect. “Boris loyalists were saying ‘George Osborne was booed at the Olympics’. DON'T MISS: Take THAT Sturgeon: Huge crowds wave Union flags in Scotland for Queen [WATCH]Fury over tube strikes as HUGE paypacket revealed [LISTEN]POLL: Should EU be ashamed for ignoring Queen's Jubilee? [INSIGHT] “It’s a very different context to that. “This was a sombre moment of National Thanksgiving for the Queen’s service to the country. “The people around the Cathedral would have been the natural Johnson loyalist. “People who are respectful of the country, respectful of authority. “I must admit, I was really struck. “It has had an effect on MPs, no question”.