Jeremy Clarkson, 62, had a dispute with Kaleb Cooper, 23, after his field that was growing oilseed rape ended up looking like “Jackson Pollock had been round”. Jeremy puts the error down to flea beetles eating the crop before it had a chance to grow. However, Kaleb has a different theory. Discussing the blunder, Jeremy deplored: “My rape’s gone wrong...Hours of work. Thousands of pounds. Wasted.” To add salt to his wounds, his neighbours’ fields were thriving with bright yellow flowers. And this gave Jeremy “farm envy”. He continued in his column for The Times earlier this month: “Everyone is going to assume I drilled that field and forgot to push an important button in my tractor or loaded the hopper all wrong. READ MORE:Joan Collins, 88, wows fans with natural snap “But I didn't. Kaleb did." Jeremy then confronted his right-hand man and he said that the crops had been eaten by pigeons. However, The Grand Tour star ruled that Kaleb's argument is "flawed". The presenter noted that he didn’t understand why pigeons would only attack his field and leave his neighbours be. Kaleb declared: “Ah, that's your fault. Because you insisted on having wildflower runs in the field, which are like airports for the pigeons.” Planting wildflower in fields can provide a habitat for insects and encourage integrated pest management and crop pollination. But Jeremy says that Kaleb doesn't like the farm to increase insect life because he thinks it's a “waste of money”. Jeremy’s land agent, “Cheerful Charlie”, eventually gave his final word on the matter. DON'T MISSJames Martin in rare outing with secretive girlfriend Louise Davies[LATEST]Nick Knowles, 59, and girlfriend Katie Dadzie, 32, loved-up at Ascot[PICTURES]Tearful Fern Britton admits her children 'kept me alive' in dark times[INSIGHT] He ruled that the neighbours were using a different type of oilseed rape and that the pigeons simply preferred Jeremy’s. It is not the first time Jeremy has been left in despair over the oilseed rape at Diddly Squat Farm. He revealed in August last year that he had lost 10 acres of crops after he stopped using specific insecticides because they were harmful to bees. The presenter continued on Times Radio that farmers would then go on to purchase palm oil. However, the oil is harmful to orangutans so he can’t use that either. Fans of Clarkson’s Farm will know that things go wrong for the avid farmer quite a lot. Excitingly, Jeremy has finally given an estimate of when season two will air. Replying to a fan on Instagram who enquired about the new instalment, Jeremy said this week: “Filming ends in mid-July. So, it should be edited and ready to go early in the new year."