Prince William and Prince Harry once shared a close brotherly bond. However, in recent years, their once-close relationship has been met with ongoing tensions. The two princes were both in attendance for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee but the possibility of the two making amends looks unlikely following the jam-packed four-day weekend. Speaking on the latest Mail Plus' Palace Confidential, Daily Mail's diary editor Richard Eden discussed William and Harry's rift. Mr Eden said: "[At the Jubilee celebrations] we saw that William and Catherine had nothing to do with them [Harry and Meghan] at all while they were here. "That's a big thing". He added: "In the lead up to this, the weeks before, we've had loads of stories appearing about how Harry and William are starting actually to, sort of, mend fences a bit. "[and that] they've been in touch, well, I didn't see any of that". READ MORE: Kate and William send 'direct message' to Meghan and Harry with latest move The royal expert also added one thing he noticed at the National Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on June 3. He said: "One thing I ought to add, which was a bit naughty, but I did notice on Twitter that directly behind Harry and Meghan was seated the former head of security service. "He's the former MI5 boss Andrew Parker, Lord Parker. "So, he was keeping a beady eye on Harry and Meghan". READ MORE: Princess BEE-trice takes centre stage! Royal steps up as Andrew demands bigger role He added that maybe he was there to give the Sussexes the "security that they asked for". Also speaking on the episode, alongside Mr Eden, was royal correspondent Victoria Murphy. Ms Murphy said: "I think given the fact that you had, sort of, this weekend as an opportunity for the family to show unity, and for everyone to show togetherness...  DON'T MISS Kate and Meghan 'right in step' with royal Jubilee memo [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry caught in Netflix 'mess' after master plan ruined [VIDEO]Meghan and Harry forced to back of procession to prevent photos [INSIGHT] "I think it was quite telling that clearly William and Harry did not consciously, at any point, make an effort to be seen side by side." Royal author Tina Brown previously spoke to 60 Minutes Australia about the brother's "tense" relationship. Ms Brown stated that there is "very little communication" between Harry and William right now.