Pakistani-Canadian actress Iman Vellani is the perfect fit for Marvel’s nerdiest new hero, Jersey City teen Kamala Khan. The Avengers-enthusiast is in for the ride of a lifetime when she develops superpowers of her own in the brand new Disney+ series, and Express.co.uk caught up with her co-star Rish Shah at Ms Marvel’s London premiere to talk about their experience on the hit series. British actor Rish has paid tribute to Marvel newcomer Iman as the first two episodes of Ms Marvel drop on Disney+. The series introduces comic book fans to Kamala, a misunderstood teenager from a Pakistani family in Jersey City. Kamala considers herself to be one of the Avengers’ biggest fans and has a particularly soft spot for intergalactic hero Captain Marvel (played by Brie Larson). However, her long-awaited trip to AvengerCon takes a bizarre turn when she causes havoc with a mysterious golden bangle. READ MORE: Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting Iman is instantly likeable in Disney+’s two-episode premiere, and Rish agreed with the first reviews touting the actress as one of Marvel’s best new finds in recent years. “It’s been an utter delight,” he told Express.co.uk at Ms Marvel’s red carpet premiere. “Every time we work together I just have a big smile on my face. “She’s incredibly talented, so bubbly, so warm, so giving. She just made it really easy.” In the new adventure series, Rish portrays Kamran, a new student who arrives from the UK in the first episode. Kamala instantly develops a crush on the newcomer, especially when he offers to give her private driving lessons. Fans will have to tune in each week to see how their friendship and potential romance plays out, but the first two episodes have already established them as the lovable heart and soul of the series. Formerly known for his appearances on Emmerdale, Casualty and Netflix’s To All the Boys: Always and Forever, Rish also opened up about taking on his most high-profile role to date. DON'T MISS:Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly pays tribute to Kevin Costner [COMMENT]Stranger Things’ Vecna star ‘full of hatred and fury’ on set [INSIGHT]Surviving Summer season 2: Sky Katz explains series’ cliffhanger [EXCLUSIVE] When asked about the most impressive part of the Marvel production, he confirmed: “Just the scale of it. “There’s a lot put behind it, everybody’s so passionate.” Marvel’s previous series, such as WandaVision and Loki, have been acclaimed by fans and critics alike for their movie-quality production and thrilling twists on the established franchise. Although Ms Marvel takes place on a somewhat smaller scale than other Disney+ projects, the series is by no means any less cinematic or thrilling. “Which isn’t surprising,” Rish added. “But just arriving at this stage has hit me. “Like, ‘Woah, I get to be here every day. This is where we work?’ You know, that’s pretty insane.” Ms Marvel has already been praised for its creativity and winning performances as well as for introducing the franchise’s first-ever Muslim superhero. Hopefully, the series can keep up the momentum over the coming weeks, though this shouldn’t be a problem with Iman’s charming Kamala leading the way. Ms Marvel continues Wednesdays on Disney+.