Yellowstone is due to return to The Paramount Network with season five later this year. The Kevin Costner drama has sparked a number of spin-offs, including the recently-aired 1883. Another prequel is in the pipeline and it was expected to be called 1932, but this is no longer the case. Yellowstone fans have been keeping a close eye on writer Sheridan's latest projects and they are eagerly awaiting the release of his next prequel series. The new origin story has secured some huge names, including Helen Mirren and Harrison Ford. The show was set to focus on a different generation of the Dutton family during the Great Depression and prohibition. Sheridan had initially titled the series 1932, but the show will now be called 1923. This is because Montana became the first state to repeal prohibition in 1926. READ MORE: Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly teases big change to Beth With this in mind it makes sense for the series to be set in the 20s rather than the 30s. Ford and Mirren are still down to lead the series. Paramount Plus said the Great Depression will still be in play, as it began in Montana much earlier than in other states. The new spin-off will also be set five years after the end of the First World War. This major event is bound to have some influence on the storytelling. The streaming platform said lawlessness and an "epidemic of cattle theft" will work as additional themes. The series is expected to air in December on the streaming service, Paramount Plus. It will overlap for several weeks with the fifth season of Yellowstone. Mirren and Ford's roles are yet to be announced but the network released some additional information on the new series. They said: “1923 focuses on the Dutton family’s next two generations as they struggle to survive historic drought, lawlessness and prohibition, and an epidemic of cattle theft. DON'T MISS... Yellowstone season 5: Kelly Reilly teases Beth’s downfall [INSIGHT] Yellowstone season 5: Could Malcolm Beck return after star drops hint? [DISCUSSION] Yellowstone 1923: Prequel series undergoes title change [EXPLAINER] "All battled beneath the cloud of Montana’s great depression, which preceded the nation by almost a decade.” Fans believe the two world-renowned actors will be playing older versions of Tim McGraw and Faith Hill’s characters in 1883. The real-life couple played James and Margaret Dutton in the first prequel. The show followed the couple as they travelled across the perilous Oregon trail with their family. They eventually settled on a piece of land that would eventually become the Yellowstone ranch in Montana. Fans have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on the new project. Donuteater111 said: "1932, 1923...As long as it's as good as 1883, I don't care too much about the date. "Though that said, the setting does seem interesting, so I can see why they'd want to change it to that." @TVPartyPlanner added: "In #1923TV Ford and Mirren are definitely playing the older versions of McGraw and Hill’s characters from #1883TV. "Excited to see who else is cast."  Yellowstone season 5 returns to The Paramount Network on November 13. Fans in the UK can watch the first three seasons on Paramount Plus now.