The Bayraktar TB2 unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) have become an integral part of Ukraine's resistance. Not only are they effective in attacking Russian forces, but they also play a central role in collecting intelligence. Videos of the drone targeting and destroying Russian assets have circulated on social media, which has also boosted Ukraine's propaganda efforts. The drone, which is powered by an internal combustion engine, can travel at a maximum speed of over 220 kilometres. It can reach a maximum range of 300 kilometres, carrying up to 300 litres of fuel. The weapon, manufactured in Turkey, was first shipped to Ukraine in 2019. It has been described by UK Defence Secretary Ben Wallace as being "incredibly important" in Ukraine's resistance. He said: "One of the ways they are delivering close air support or actual fire in depth is through the Turkish TB2 UAVs, which are delivering munitions onto their artillery and indeed their supply lines, which are incredibly important in order to slow down or block the Russian advance". According to Maya Carlin, an analyst with the Center for Security Policy, the drones are a "problem" for Putin. She said the Kremlin leader "can't stop" the UAV, claiming the weapon has "proven to be an effective and lethal asset to the Ukrainian army". Writing for national security platform19fortyfive.com, Ms Carlin said the weapon "truly represents the country’s defensive edge over the Russian invaders". Ukraine has been supplied with a wide range of high-tech weapons by the international community in the face of Russian attacks. For example, the UK has been supplying Ukraine with Starstreak, a high-velocity anti-aircraft missile system since early in the conflict. The weapons system is the fastest missile in its class in the world, operating at more than three times the speed of sound. Weighing just 14kg and designed to provide close air defence against conventional air threats, it can be hand-launched by troops on the ground. DON'T MISS: Putin's puppet calls for Russia to 'open new front' and attack GERMANY [REVEAL] Ukraine: Putin warned inner circle is plotting assassination [INSIGHT] NATO map: The three countries that could attack Russia first in WW3 [ANALYSIS] Meanwhile, NATO allies have also supplied Ukraine with a large volume of high-tech anti-aircraft and anti-tank weapons such as NLAWs, which have been integral to Ukraine's defence against Russian troops. The UK also provided Ukraine with Mastiff armoured vehicles, which can carry a crew of two plus eight troops. But as the West ramps up its support for Ukraine, Russian forces appear to be running out of weapons. Speaking to Express.co.uk earlier today, weapons expert Hamish de Bretton-Gordon claimed that Putin is "running out" of certain weapons, such as precision missiles. A Western intelligence source echoed this, suggesting that the Kremlin could be running low on stocks. The official told the Washington Post: "There will come a time when the tiny advances Russia is making become unsustainable in light of the costs and they will need a significant pause to regenerate capability."