  Good Morning Britain presenter and This Is My House star Richard Madeley has opened up about the explosive row he had with wife of 35 years Judy Finnigan. The former This Morning star admitted that he had made such a huge blunder on one particular holiday that she “didn’t speak to him for two days".      Richard spilled on the row during an unearthed Good Morning Britain chat in 2021 after enjoying a summer getaway with wife Judy. However, Richard went on to reveal that things quickly took a turn for the worse between them when he forgot to pack Judy’s summer clothes. Susanna Reid asked Richard if he’d “had a nice summer” during their chat at the time, but the star quickly admitted that it wasn’t all plain sailing between the pair. “With certain qualifications,” he replied. “It didn’t get off to the best of starts". READ MORE: Kate Garraway puts on brave face after heartbreaking Derek update     He continued: “Judy and I drove to France and I was responsible for packing the car because I drive the car then I pack the car. But that meant being responsible for packing everyone’s clothes. “Judy said to me the morning that we left, ‘There are two sets of clothes on hangers, one there on the left, one there on the right, you pack them both’. I said ‘sure’. “We get to France and Judy says, ‘Where’s that jacket I wanted to change into? Where’s that skirt?’ I left half of her clothes in London. Half of them. She bought them especially.” Susanna appeared shocked by the anecdote, as Richard went on to joke: “I think I would have been in less trouble if I’d had an affair.      “You just don’t leave your wife’s summer clothes. She bought them especially for France. So anyway, thank God for Fedex. She basically didn’t speak to me for the first two days.” Richard’s admission comes after the couple recently cleared up any speculation that they might have grown apart in their marriage. A couple of months ago, Richard spoke about the subject on Kate Thornton’s White Wine Question Time podcast. He compared their relationship to being “semi-detached”, explaining that although they seem to spend less time together in the eyes of the public, they are still close behind-the-scenes. READ MORE... Crossroads legend Jane Rossington diagnosed with Alzheimer's [BREAKING] ‘Can’t stand the injustice’ Laurence Fox hits back over cancel culture [LATEST] Mick Jagger's son comforted by mum as he sobs over dad's Covid battle [NEWS]      When quizzed on how they’ve managed to stay together personally after working more separately, Judy explained: “We are incredibly close, we always have been.” “Obviously, I think working together for so long has bonded us more tightly than if we had two completely separate jobs. “I think the thing is, when you're presenting a show like the kind that we presented, it’s very instinctive, you’re doing interviews all the time.” She added: “By the time I decided I’d had enough, you and I were something completely different anyway, it just didn’t matter, it didn’t make any difference at all.      “When you go and do GMB, I’m still here in bed, I’m happy to stay when he gets up, it doesn’t make any difference at all to our relationship.” Richard agreed, telling host Kate: “I can see that from the outside, it looks as if… as you say, we were bonded in our professional lives together and now we’re not, but actually, here on the inside, we still are.” He went on to reveal: “So we’re not actually as detached, I suppose we’re a bit semi-detached, but we’re not detached in the way that it might seem to outsiders.” Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. This Is My House airs tonight at 8.30pm on BBC One.    