Tory ministers and MPs have broken rank to criticise policies being implemented by the Prime Minister. The public criticism is the latest sign of tensions within the ruling party as Mr Johnson struggles to regain his authority. Last night Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng told MPs he "continues to be opposed" to a windfall tax, just days after one was introduced by the Government on the energy sector. Meanwhile, Health Secretary Sajid Javid made clear his frustration at the high tax burden imposed on Britons by Chancellor Rishi Sunak as he called on Downing Street to "do more on tax cuts". Mr Johnson has already signalled his desire to introduce reductions. The Prime Minister insisted on Tuesday it remained a "fundamental Conservative instinct" to cut taxes, Mr Sunak used a speech to the Onward think tank last night to reaffirm his intention to reduce taxes for business in the autumn. But some ministers and backbenchers are frustrated at the failure to act quicker. "I would like to see cuts where they're possible, Mr Javid said this morning. "I know that this is something the Government is taking very seriously and I know that it's something that the Chancellor will look at." The outspoken remarks from members of Mr Johnson's top team come despite Cabinet colleagues being bound under the ministerial code to publicly back all Government policies or resign. Backbenchers have also been unafraid to be vocal in making demands of their leader, listing what they want him to do to win back their trust. Brexiteers are urging quicker action on standing up to the EU on the Northern Ireland Protocol, Thatcherites want Government spending to be cut, and MPs apart of the so-called "One Nation Tories" are eager for the Prime Minister to do more to help those struggling with the cost of living crisis. The criticism from all quarters comes as Mr Johnson struggles to regain his grip on the party after surviving Monday's bruising ballot. The range of issues which have caused discontent in the Tory ranks means there is no single response the Prime Minister can make to win over doubters. There were 148 Conservative MPs who attempted to oust him from the top job, with the Prime Minister surviving by a smaller margin than Theresa May did when she faced a confidence vote in 2018. Critics have claimed Mr Johnson is fatally wounded by Monday's display of disunity, with the party at risk of months of fresh in-fighting following the result. This lunchtime, the embattled resident of No10 will face MPs in Parliament for the first time since the confidence vote. He will face Sir Keir Starmer at Prime Minister's Questions as he relies on his allies to stage a public show of support. More to follow...