During Matt Tebbutt's latest episode of Saturday Kitchen, the BBC host welcomed guest chefs Tom Parker Bowles and Ching-He Huang onto the show where they cooked Alex Jones a number of fancy dishes. However, during one segment, the TV chef asked Alex whether she has had any awkward encounters with guests on The One Show. When asked whether she ever gets intimidated by any guests, Alex simply admitted: "No! "People I think they assume...and it might be the same on this programme, people assume, 'Oh my god, these big Hollywood stars'. "Well...it can be tricky, can't it?" As Matt laughed, Alex continued: "I never name, names, but Jared Leto, for example. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast presenter shares concern for Carol Kirkwood "You know, he just didn't get it...the sense of humour is so different. "Most of them are absoultely lovely, Tom Hanks, I mean, come on, everything you want him to be. "And then sometimes there are lovely people like Nicole Kidman and they come on and I literally wasn't asking any questions." Alex went on to admit to Matt she was blown away by the Moulin Rouge actress. The presenter later said her favourite type of guest is, "Our British staples." "People who've been in the industry, they're part of the fabric of our society...the same sense of humour," Alex said. "You know we had, for example, Eamonn Holmes on last night, it's really nice. "I think that sort of makes for warm, happy programmes." DON'T MISS...A Place in the Sun star Scarlette opens up on making show history [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' baby Thomas DNA twist [REACTION]Death in Paradise star details moment he decided to quit acting [VIDEO] Elsewhere in the interview, Alex told Matt The One Show is her dream job. "Coming from South West Wales where I lived, I never dared say out loud that I would like to be a television presenter," Alex admitted before adding: "Because it just didn't seem like something that would ever be on the radar." After doing some training, the BBC presenter said she got a phone call about a new job. "This call came out of the blue," she recalled. "And they said, 'Come for a chat', and I thought, 'Oh, amazing, they want a reporter in Cardiff.' "And then they said, 'No, we're actually looking for a main host', there were weeks of auditions and all the rest of it. "So, I suppose all of this experience I'd gained over the period of working in Wales came together. "I suppose whether you're talking to one person to two...three million, it's the same. "So, all the live experience came into play and when I had that phone call I thought, 'Yeah, this is the job'." The One show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One.