Rudi Dharmalingam, who is well known for his roles in The Split and Our Girl, plays loner Shiv in a new Sky sci-fi series called The Lazarus Project. Shiv is a project member who has been part of the group since he was a teenager and has a strong moral compass. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Rudi and his co-star Charly Clive discussed how they landed their roles and discussed the potential of a second series. The Lazarus Project, which first aired earlier this month, is about a secret organisation with the power and knowledge to turn back time to avert global catastrophe. Each time there is a critical crisis which could throw the world into jeopardy, members of the project - who are the only ones to remember when the past is re-written - spring into action and alter the course of history. Paapa Essiedu plays the lead character, George, who quickly realises something isn't right when he begins to relive the same day over and over again. However, much to his horror, George realises his girlfriend Sarah (played by Charly Clive) is unaware of his involvement in the Lazarus Project and time goes by without her noticing. READ MORE: Monty Don stuns fans as he announces change to Gardeners' World It is only when he is introduced to Shiv and the rest of the gang, that he realises things are more serious than he thought. Speaking about what drew him to the role and how he got into character, Rudi admitted: "I mean for me personally, I'm really into sci-fi anyway, so I love anything to do with black holes and dark matter and the universe itself really. "It's really fascinating, isn't it and I think we're all really intrigued and interested in whether it's even possible to travel through time. "At the same time, none of us had little comprehension of how that would work exactly. "So, I think what drew me to the role was that it was sci-fi and because my character of Shiv is quite different to anything I've ever done before." When asked about whether the audience will be kept guessing throughout the series and if there could be a second season, The Split star teased: "I think it's really unpredictable. "I think the whole show is really unpredictable. If it was predictable, then it would be a pretty boring show. "So I don't really think that the audience is going to sort of guess what routes that the show is going to over the course of eight episodes, but we don't tie up all the loose ends." DON'T MISS...Suzie Fletcher children: Does The Repair Shop star have any children? [CAST]Death in Paradise's Tobi Bakare pays tribute to BBC co-star [INSIGHT]Brenda Blethyn admits she'd turn down Vera role today [NEWS] "Of course, we don't," he added. " I think that there really is a sense of stability by the end of it." Charly, who plays George's girlfriend Sarah in the sci-fi series believes viewers will definitely come up with theories of their own. "I think as the show goes on people will start to in that really fun way be like, 'Oh, I think this is gonna happen or this person's gonna do that or this event will happen', and I can quite confidently say that I don't think people are going to predict everything that happens, the actress explained. "But I think that's so exciting about it... is that any given episode, everything you thought about somebody or something in the previous episode, it might go up in flames completely. "But it's very carefully constructed and all the confusion that happens in the first few episodes will...I think will dissipate and then it's definitely an exciting ride. "I also think it's the sort of show that you aren't going to be able to look at your phone [while watching it]." The actress went on to admit taking on the role was exciting for her because it was such a huge step away from comedy. "I was really excited for the opportunity to do something that is dramatic and very thrilling and, unlike anything I've done before as an actor," Charly said. "And unlike most things I think I've seen as somebody that loves TV, I think The Lazarus Project is is pretty unique." The Lazarus Project airs on Sky Max and is available as a boxset on NOW.