However, there are some steps you can take to prevent your lawn from drying out and going yellow as the grass dies during this hot weather. If the lawn is parched it could die for good, so taking action has never been more vital. Carlos Real, Lawn Care Expert and Managing Director of TotalLawn, explained how to look after your garden in a heatwave. It's hugely important to give your lawn lots of water as well as avoid products, the one detailed below, that can actually further scorch the lawn causing extreme damage in the sun. Watering grass Water the lawn heavily over the next few days as the temperatures climb. The best approach is to water the lawn early in the morning before the main heat of the day. When watering, think about it more like soaking the soil, rather than watering the grass blades. It is very hard to over-water your lawn, so don’t hold back. READ MORE: Crucial warning: Move houseplants today to avoid 'damaging' hot weather killing them Feeding the lawn Do not use granular feeds for a few days, unless you are absolutely committed to watering the garden every day. The fertiliser can burn your lawn in hot weather if it is not properly watered in. So unless you can guarantee to keep the lawn well-watered, save the feed for after the heatwave. DON'T MISSHow to choose the best lawn mower for your grass [EXPERT]'Lawn you’ve always dreamed of': How to feed grass [EXPLAINED]'Secret ingredients to transform your lawn' from gardening pro [INSIDER] This is known as fertisiler burn, and fertilising the law improperly in the intense sun is not the only way it can occur. It can be caused by fertilising a wet lawn, depending on the fertiliser you use. This is because of nitrogen salts in fertiliser, which dry out the grass. Hot weather will make the fertiliser more concentrated, so avoid fertilising during a heatwave or long hot spell. Mowing If you are watering as advised above, then you can carry on mowing. If not, then leave this for a few days too. Heat causes additional stress on the lawn and mowing it will only add more stress to it as it tries to recover. After the heatwave After the hot weather has passed, give your lawn a little help with recovery by applying a dose of liquid seaweed. TotalLawn offers the highest seaweed content in their Magic Seaweed product. Why does seaweed help grass? Seaweed is a grass feed the lawn loves, soaking up all the ingredients in the underwater plant. Seaweed helps grass become greener by feeding it, which also increased grass's chlorophyll production - making it better able to create food for itself.