Chickenpox is most common amongst children though adults can also contract the varicella-zoster virus which causes the disease. Shingles is a similar illness caused by this virus, and it can only be contracted once you’ve already had chickenpox - but is it also possible to get chicken pox twice? Express.co.uk reveals everything you need to know about chickenpox. Chickenpox is easily recognised by the itchy, blotchy skin rash that can appear on any part of the body. These blistered sores make the disease highly contagious and easily transmissible to people who have never been infected with the varicella-zoster virus (VZV) which causes it. While natural immunity is formed after contracting and overcoming chickenpox, it is not unheard of for some people to become unwell with it a second time. READ MORE: Hair loss: 'Hair-care' habits ‘responsible’ for permanent hair loss  The NHS said: “It's possible to get chickenpox more than once, but it's unusual.” If you do get chickenpox more than once, the symptoms tend to be exactly the same - though your existing immunity to it can make it less intense. Developing the “very itchy” rash is almost guaranteed, though adults will often develop more spots than children who become infected with chickenpox. According to the NHS, adults will usually have a higher temperature for longer too. This means that if you have chickenpox twice - once as a child and again as an adult, you will likely experience worse symptoms the second time around. When you get chickenpox the virus lives dormant in your body but it can be triggered if your immune system is weak. While the chances of getting this disease more than once are very low, it can happen based on three key criteria. You may be able to catch the chicken pox virus twice if: In most cases, what appears to be the second bout of chickenpox is actually the first. DON'T MISS:Hayfever diet: Two foods worth eating to ease symptoms [INSIGHT]Do you have Omicron BA.2? The clue is in the symptoms says professor [REVEAL]'Essential' laundry steps to tackle hay fever symptoms like itchy eyes [ANALYSIS] Chickenpox is always caused by VZV, though it can also cause a similar illness known as shingles. However, reinfection is not to be confused with shingles as this is an entirely different condition. One of the main differences between chickenpox and shingles is that the skin rash caused by shingles only occurs on one side of the body. Common symptoms of chickenpox which do not occur with shingles are: Another thing to note about chickenpox is that, unlike shingles, chickenpox tends to produce smaller spots in a higher volume, whereas shingles tends to trigger larger blotches. While shingles isn’t contagious, it is possible for somebody who has never had chickenpox to then contract it after coming into contact with someone who has shingles. The NHS states that: If you are concerned you or your child has chickenpox or shingles, further information is available on the NHS website. 