Mr Kyle discussed his opinion on the alleged comments with George Pascoe-Watson a Portland Communications Chairman. Priti Patel's new immigration policy kicks off this week, it will mean a number of refugees who have entered the UK without accurate legal documents will be sent to Rwanda for processing. Mr Kyle mentioned how his father worked for the Royal Family for over 40-years. The radio host went on to claim that the people who the Duke of Cornwall was siding with were Republicans. Mr Kyle told Talk TV: "My old man worked for 41-years, and I think the Queen is living proof of managing to do what you're supposed to do. "He really has to be very careful I think, we all know he's opinionated and that's great. "Fact of the matter is, the people that he's siding with are all Republicans anyway, and probably don't want the King and don't want a Monarchy at the end of the day. "What I find really interesting is, if you, I mean you've got those two by-elections coming up, Wakefield they say is a goner. JUST IN: Meghan Markle's low-key visit during Dutch trip comes to light–'inspiring and encouraging' Mr Kyle added: "I think there are many reasons for that by the way, including what the last MP did. "But Tytherton and Honiton in Devon are very interesting and I know very, very well this is the seat that everyone is talking about. "Will it go to Liberal Democrats, will it stay Conservative, this won't be a bad argument for Boris to have a couple of weeks before that, standing up to immigration will it...." Home Secretary Priti Patel has been facing a lot of backlash for the newly implemented Rwanda immigration policy. READ MORE: UK space probe spots tsunami-like 'starquake' as 'goldmine' exposes Milky Way's secrets The Royal Family are not really supposed to involve themselves in political parties or to give their opinion on major political decisions like this one. The news broke over the weekend about the alleged comments made by the Duke of Cornwall. A source told The Times that Prince Charles was heard expressing his disdain for the policy in private, stating: "He said he thinks the Government's whole approach is appalling. It was clear he was not impressed with the Government's direction of travel." And a Clarence House spokesman said: "We would not comment on supposed anonymous private conversations with the Prince of Wales, except to restate that he remains politically neutral. Matters of policy are decisions for Government." Britons took to the streets over the weekend to protest the deportation of immigrants to Rwanda. Many people are claiming to be outraged over the new policy, and some decided to stand outside of the Home Office to try and make their voices heard. Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu defended Prince Charles alleged comments. Dr Shola said: “More of this from Prince Charles if the Monarchy wants to be relevant & survive to the next century. It’s the silence & complicity that is destroying the Monarchy. Every person outraged by his comment that Rwanda policy is ‘appalling’ now threatening Monarchy with extinction.”