Carrie Johnson stepped off a private plane in Kigali, the capital city of Rwanda earlier today. She joined her husband Boris Johnson, who was arriving for the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting set to take place later today. For the occasion, Carrie chose a beautiful fuschia pink suit, and tie-dye-style blouse, in pink and red. Pink seems to be Carrie’s colour and today, she had chosen a suit. On top, the Prime Minister’s wife wore a slightly oversized double-breasted blazer and matching wide-leg, high-waisted trousers. The pink suit is believed to be from high-street brand Zara. It is the loose-fitting buttoned blazer, and flowing pyjama-style trousers. READ MORE: Princess Diana's Versace style by 1996 - 'could now wear high heels' The blazer is said to be “flowing” with “a lapel collar and long sleeves”. It features a “front flap pockets and a welt chest pocket” and has a “double-breasted button fastening at the front”. It was originally priced at £79.99, but is on sale for £49.99, with limited sizes available. The trousers have a “high-waist” and “elastic waistband with adjustable drawstring”. DON'T MISS...Diet: 13 foods to eat if you want a flatter stomach [EXPERT]Queen’s go-to takeaway she enjoys when in Balmoral [INSIDER]Reduce cellulite in 3 weeks with Nivea’s £12 gel - ‘It actually works! [BEAUTY] The trousers were originally priced at £49.99 but are on sale for £29.99, with limited sizes available. Underneath the suit jacket was a beautiful chiffon blouse, in the same pink but with red tones - it was almost a tie-dye pattern. On her feet were a pair of deep red slingback heels, with a crocodile pattern, and a silver buckle on the toes. In terms of accessories, Carrie kept it simple. She wore her hair down with a natural wave, and make-up minimal. Earrings-wise, the Prime Minister’s wife chose small gold hoops. On her fingers, Carrie wore her signature rings - a stack on her index finger, her beautiful engagement ring and wedding band. She then changed her outfit to a top and skirt later in the day. A neon shoulder-less blouse with ruffles and a patterend midi skirt, with nude heels. Carrie is a big fan of wearing high-street brands and eco-conscious or sustainable designers. Some of the dresses she has previously worn are believed to be rented for the occasion. The dress rental industry has been booming of late, with customers choosing to rent rather than buy to avoid waste, save money and be more sustainable.