Starz’s hit series Outlander came to a cliffhanger ending in April after Claire Fraser (played by Caitriona Balfe) was arrested for a crime she didn’t commit. As fans eagerly await the release of season seven, Jamie Fraser star Sam Heughan shared a disappointing update about the instalment’s premiere.  Season one introduced Scottish highlander Jamie Fraser back in 2014, when Claire first accidentally time-travelled from 1945 to 1743. Although she was married and was on honeymoon, when she was transported through time Jamie and Claire fell in love. The two spent time together, as they were both in hiding as Jamie was wanted for a crime he didn’t commit, while Claire was hiding from Black Jack Randall (Tobias Menzies). When she eventually travelled back to the future, Claire returned married and pregnant with Jamie’s child. READ MORE: Gary Lineker's 'racist abuse' claims blasted by Martin Daubney After 20 years, Claire travelled back to the past to reunite with Jamie, where she chose to live with him permanently and use her skills to work as a nurse. However, this soon backfired in the season six finale after Claire was arrested on suspicion of killing Malva Christie (Jessica Reynolds). Malva, who moved to the Ridge with her family in season six and began working alongside Claire as an apprentice, was then found with her throat slit in Claire’s garden. Knowing the youngster was pregnant, Claire immediately tried to save Malva’s baby however soon realised the infant was also dead. As the nurse was covered in blood and next to Malva’s dead body which had a baby on top of it, this wasn’t an innocent sight to walk in on. However, this was the case when Jamie invited Malva’s uncle Thomas Christie (Mark Lewis Jones) and brother Allan Christie (Alexander Vlahos) over. As Allan was convinced foul play was involved, soon enough the locals also believed the rumours, which left Claire forced to fight off an angry mob. She was then arrested by the Committee of Safety and imprisoned, awaiting trial while Jamie rushed to her rescue. DON'T MISS...Harry and Meghan 'kept under control' - Royal expert praises Camilla [INSIGHT]Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe opens up on filming ’traumatic’ scene [INSIGHT]Outlander: Why was Rory Burns replaced as Roger? [INSIGHT] With fans questioning whether or not Claire will face punishment for a crime she didn’t commit, Heughan shared a major update. In an interview with Esquire, he opened up about filming season seven and stated: “We’re shooting season seven and it’s flying by. “It feels like we started yesterday but already we’re on our sixth episode.” The actor revealed: “This season is going to take a while, it’s an 18-episode bumper mega season, so we probably won’t be finished until March or February of next year.” He added: “It’s a big one this year as last year we had to reduce it by six episodes because of Covid and my co-star [Caitríona Balfe] was pregnant, so we moved it.” Although viewers could have to wait until 2023 for season seven, many have also questioned whether the story will come to an end. As fans are kept guessing, Hueghan also revealed author Diana Gabaldon told him how the series would end. He shared: “She emailed me the last few pages of what will be the last book very early on, I think in the first few weeks of shooting and no one else has seen that I think, apart from one other exec producer. Even Caitríona’s not seen it and I’m sworn to secrecy.” Outlander is available on Starz in the US and available on Starzplay in the UK. 