People living in properties with a council tax band of A to D are entitled to the one-off £150 cash payment by their local council. This rebate was part of Rishi Sunak’s cost of living relief package, estimated to be helping 80 percent of homeowners. However the exact date that the relief would be released into one’s account varies depending on who their local authority are and how they pay for their council tax bill. Unlike other support payments, those who are eligible do not need to apply as the rebate will automatically be awarded to them. Eligible households also do not need to pay back the extra £150 to their local council in light of the rise in the cost of living. If someone has not got the £150 discount yet, it could be that their payment has been delayed. READ MORE: Attendance Allowance: Pensioners could lose up to £368 a month by failing to report change Councils across the country have until September 30 to administer the tax rebate to eligible households which means the deadline has yet to pass. Many have put up instructions on their websites on what to do if someone has not got their money by a certain point. All councils have a contact page on their website for those who are concerned about what to do while waiting or are looking to see if there is any issue regarding their claim. Britons who believe they should have received the rebate by now can contact their local council. For example, Hounslow Council said residents should get in contact if they didn't get a letter about the rebate in May. North East Lincolnshire Council said residents who do not pay by direct debit should contact them 15 working days after they’ve put in their application for the money if they’ve not got it yet. To find someone’s local council, and get more information on what to do if they don't have their money, people can use the gov.uk's authority finder tool. People living in council tax brackets E to H are not eligible for the rebate but could receive other support. Households that are struggling to afford their bills are being urged to apply for support through a £144million discretionary fund. Many people who are unable to claim assistance from the £150 discount may be able to get £40 in support from elsewhere. The Government explained: "In recognition that billing authorities may wish to provide support to households who are not eligible under the terms of the main scheme, councils will receive a share of a £144million discretionary fund." Those who are not eligible for the £150 will be able to apply, like those living in council tax bands E to H.