As Russian propagandists discussed how Vladimir Putin could deploy and execute his nuclear threats on Russian television, a political scientist admitted that "no one believes it would be used." The prospect of Putin using a nuclear weapon was revived in May when the US Director of National Intelligence, Avril Haines, warned the US Senate armed services committee that Putin will continue to deploy the nuclear threats to deter the West from supporting Ukraine militarily.  The latest example to date is the nuclear threat from the Head of Russia’s lower house who warned Tuesday on Telegram that Europe would "cease to exist" if Russia is threatened. However, to political scientist Dmitry Abzalov, these are false speculations. Answering the fact nuclear missile would work as a deterrent to the West’s sanctions, he said: "It’s an important argument but I agree that no one believes it would be used." Political scientist Dmitry Drobnitsky asked: "And why not? They’re convincing everyone that the Russian wouldn’t move on that." Russia state TV host Vladimir Solovyov  then said: "The Russians? They would, no problem." Mr Drobnitsky slashed: "They don’t understand anything about Putin." Dmitry Abzalov said: "If we’re moving towards that kind of confrontation, we need to understand how long this will go on. With regard to our (special) operation, we need to understand what boundaries there are. It’s one thing if it’s a year or three months, and yet another if it’s 10 years. How long is this for, at least approximately? Russian state TV host Vladimir Solovyov answered: "It depends on how much we’ll take back and strengthen in which direction and which territories." Dmitry Abzalov continued: "Many things could be solved economically, but some issues fundamentally change everything." Vladimir Solovyov retorted: "Not everything can be solved through the economy." READ MORE: 'Scary & horrifying' Putin’s 'most outspoken critic' mysteriously gone Dmitry Abzalov hit back: "But it’s important to at least have an economy." The Russian political scientist’s confession followed a discussion about how effectively Vladimir Putin could use nuclear weapons to deter western countries from imposing further sanctions on Russia. Military expert Alexei Leonkov said: "We should be used to becoming an empire. Since we’re an empire, we should act like an empire." State Duma member Andrey Gurulyov: "The weapons should pose a threat, first and foremost, to the territory of the United States of America and not only nuclear weapons. "They should understand that there could be a strike against Miami, Texas, or any other state Then, they’ll tuck their tail in. They aren’t very brave over there. This is our truth and what we should aspire to and confidently move forward towards that." DON'T MISS: Ukrainian soldiers carrying out grim task hunting for dead Russians [REPORT]Putin setback as Russian offensives pulverised in south Ukraine [REPORT]Putin's panic as terrifying new Panther tank unleashed [REPORT] Political scientist Dmitry Drobnitsky said: "Among the US elites, for the most part, they don’t feel all that vulnerable. They don’t think we would strike. There is only one way to convince them, which would be to launch a Sarmat (missile). "I understand the desire of many to go to heaven, but I’m in no rush to go there." Solovyov then said: "Or we could place something serious in Nicaragua." Drobnitsky responded: "Aside from the Cubans and Chileans, there is no one that we can rely on in Latin America. Listen, let’s stop playing about Latin America. Those are all just fantasies." TV news anchor said: "They say Sarmat works well against sanctions, the flight of a Sarmat."