When 2022 began for Novak Djokovic, he did not expect to be heading into Wimbledon with just one title to his name. After missing nearly the entirety of the season’s first three months, the Serbian played a full clay-court season, which came to an end with a devastating loss to Rafael Nadal at the French Open. Despite the setbacks, the Serbian heads into the grass court grand slam as the man to beat, having not lost on the hallowed turf since 2017. He has won six of the last eleven titles at SW19 including coming back from the brink to defeat Roger Federer in the 2019 final. His beloved wife Jelena has witnessed many of his tennis triumphs over the years and will be in attendance to watch the 20-time grand slam champion at the All-England Club from next week. Jelena started dating the tennis icon in 2005, two years after he turned pro, and they have been together ever since. They reportedly met in school and got engaged in September 2013 before tying the knot less than a year later at the Aman Sveti Stefan resort in Montenegro. Jelena, 36, studied at the International University of Monaco and at Bocconi University. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic sends ominous Wimbledon warning to Rafael Nadal with Auger-Aliassime win     She is the director of the Novak Djokovic Charity Foundation which aims to enhance the Serbian education system to improve the lives of children. Through the foundation, the couple have completed over 37 projects and have approximately 55 volunteers. She has also founded Original, an online magazine for students in connection with the Foundation. Jelena is a big fan of Instagram, regularly sharing loved up snaps with her husband on her profile. The family have two little dogs named Pierre and Tesla, who also frequent Jelena’s Instagram feed. The couple have two children, Stefan, born in 2014 and Tara, born in 2017 and the family have lived in Monaco for over a decade. DON'T MISS   The tennis legend previously opened up about his wife’s struggles when she travels with him to support him court-side. During the 2021 US Open, Novak said Jelena does not always enjoy attending his matches. “I know that she doesn’t enjoy it at all times. It’s kind of living on the edge with the wolf,” he said. But I love her, she’s my great support.” Djokovic is the top seed at Wimbledon and cannot meet his great rival Nadal until the final, who is seeded number two.