The once-in-a-lifetime Platinum Jubilee commences with an annual tradition tomorrow, Trooping the Colour. The event, used to mark Queen Elizabeth II's official birthday, promises a stunning spectacle with events planned throughout the day. A flypast will rank chief among them and potentially attract thousands of people to the view from Buckingham Palace. Trooping the Colour typically involves on-foot displays from soldiers, officers and horses within the British Army's Household Division. They coordinate the event from Horseguards Parade in Whitehall, with thousands of officials participating. The flypast is a central feature of the Queen's birthday celebration and usually closes the event. READ MORE: London Jubilee road closures - essential weekend travel updates RAF pilots will command a variety of planes in formations over Buckingham Palace around 1pm after flying routes into London from distant airfields at 12.45pm. People can watch the planes in person at the following locations: In-person attendees will enjoy the most spectacular displays around 1pm, while the rest of the country watches on via video. Most terrestrial and satellite channels, namely the BBC, ITV and Sky, will carry dedicated coverage of the event tomorrow. Some people hoping to tune in either won't have a television license, or be away from home during the day, leaving them reliant on live streams. Most television channels with a dedicated online service, such as BBC iPlayer or ITV Player, will carry the event. Some of them require viewers to have a TV license to watch. Royal-centred YouTube channels and some satellite providers on the platform, such as Sky News, may also provide live coverage. People may also want to browse other streaming platforms, such as Twitch, on the day. Those who do tune in can look forward to viewing a vast range of aircraft on the day. The flypast promises a view of 70 aircraft, but organisers have not revealed an exhaustive list of those appearing. They have promised the Red Arrows - some of the most iconic British aircraft - will make their usual acrobatic display. People can also look forward to a troupe of helicopters arriving from Navy, Army and RAF bases.