Sir Cliff Richard, 81, has made an impassioned plea after admitting he feared he would suffer a heart attack when he was falsely accused of child sexual assault charges. The Mistletoe and Wine singer denied all claims and was never arrested. He sued the BBC over its coverage of a police raid on his home, winning £210,000 in damages in 2018. The broadcaster was also ordered to cover Cliff’s legal costs, which exceeded £850,000, and South Yorkshire Police was ordered to pay him £400,000 damages. After Cliff spent more than £3million clearing his name, he made a speech in the House of Lords on Wednesday explaining that he will never get over the ordeal. He is campaigning to change the law so that suspects have anonymity unless they are charged with a crime. Cliff called the internet a “disaster area” and said his name would “forever” be associated as “the man accused of the dastardly deed”. “You can’t trust anybody any more,” he said. Cliff continued to say that being falsely accused could “completely destroy you”. He claimed he would wake up in the night with his pulse racing, fearing he would suffer a heart attack. “I can’t express it strongly enough to know what it’s like to be an innocent man and also know that the person that accused you has anonymity in perpetuity,” he said. “I’m past that terrible time but will I ever get over it? The answer is no.” The BBC had filmed a police raid on Cliff’s Berkshire home, including aerial shots taken from a helicopter. The broadcaster, which also paid £315,000 to South Yorkshire Police for legal costs, apologised for “distress” caused. DON'T MISS...Dean Martin made a multimillion fortune over his decades-long career [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan reacts as ‘Aunty Meghan’ tweet sparks 'woke fan' fury [TWITTER] Tom Jones' unusual funeral song choice unveiled on his 82nd birthday [UPDATE] It added that it was “pleased” to have reached an “amicable settlement” in the case. Officers had been investigating an allegation made by a man who had accused Cliff of a sexual assault dating back to 1985. Cliff was never arrested or charged, and the case was dropped two years later. "It was very intrusive," Cliff told Jonathan Ross. "It's hard to explain to people what it feels like. “I only went back to that apartment once, to collect my clothes. “It was worse than being burgled." He later added that the period was “the worst thing that has happened to me in my entire life”.