Strictly Come Dancing star Gorka Marquez has been forced to withdraw from the Strictly Presents tour due to a serious injury that has left him struggling to walk. The star’s wife-to-be Gemma Atkinson has sent her fiancé her love, as she informed fans he was in “so much pain”.  “I am so sad to announce that, following medical advice, I have to withdraw from the 'Strictly Presents' tour,” Gorka shared on Instagram. “During the 'Strictly Professionals' tour I suffered an injury that, with treatment and care, let me carry on through the last few weeks of the tour. “Unfortunately last week I had a flair up of my injury causing me a lot of pain and problems, even to walk. “Following the advise from doctors and physios, I have had to stop my involvement in this new tour. READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning      “I am very sad not to be able to perform and dance again with @maisiesmithofficial (and the rest of the cast!) but I know the show will be amazing and the audience will be in for a real treat. “Now it is time to rest and rehab so I can be ready for Strictly 2022. “All the love and keep dancing!!!!”     Former Hollyoaks and Emmerdale actress Gemma commented: “Proud of you for getting through those last few weeks! “I know how painful it was for you at times,” she added. “Rest and rehab then back to the show, can’t have you home for too long messing up my routine. On her story, Gemma also wrote: “Gorks was in so much pain the last few weeks of the tour. READ MORE... Jennie Bond, 71, leaves fans stunned with unexpected bikini snap [LATEST] Piers Morgan reacts as ‘Aunty Meghan’ tweet sparks 'woke fan' fury [UPDATE] Kirstie Allsopp blasts commentator for 'clearly loathing' Royal Family [INSIGHT]       “Proud of him for getting through it. Now, on the advice of doctors and physios, it’s rest and rehab ready for Strictly 2022!” Strictly Come Dancing Live also put out a statement about Gorka’s sudden show exit. They wrote: “We are sad to announce that Gorka Marquez has had to withdraw from the upcoming 'Strictly Presents: Keeeep Dancing' UK Tour due to injury.” They then went on to reveal South African Latin Champion Cameron Lombard would be stepping in to replace him. “However, we are pleased to confirm that Strictly Dancer Cameron Lombard will join the cast!” they continued. Cameron Lombard said: "It's a real thrill for me to be joining this new Strictly tour. 'Keeeep Dancing' is all about giving the audiences a sneak peek at what goes on behind the scenes at the TV show - I know they are going to love it! “We will all miss Gorka on the road with us. I'm sending him my very best for a speedy recovery.” READ MORE... Jennie Bond, 71, leaves fans stunned with unexpected bikini snap [LATEST] Piers Morgan reacts as ‘Aunty Meghan’ tweet sparks 'woke fan' fury [UPDATE] Kirstie Allsopp blasts commentator for 'clearly loathing' Royal Family [INSIGHT]      Gorka’s colleagues also took to Instagram to send their condolences to the dancer. Dianne Buswell wrote: “Love ya bro xxx take care of ya self.” While Graziano Di Prima penned: “Get well soon bro!!” “Get well soon!” commented Jowita Przystał, as Amy Dowden wrote: “Rest up!” Janette Manrara added: “I hope you get better soon. We’ll miss you in the show! Sending all the positive get well soon energy your way.” (sic)   