Inter Milan CEO Giuseppe Marotta has admitted the Serie A side have encountered "difficulties" in their attempts to re-sign Romelu Lukaku from Chelsea this summer. The two clubs are currently locked in talks over a deal to see the want-away Blues striker return to the San Siro on loan, however, an agreement over terms appears to be proving problematic.   Lukaku has made no secret of his desire to return to Inter this summer, a mere 12 months on from his club-record £97.5million Stamford Bridge return, having seen his second stint at Chelsea turn into something of a nightmare. But according to Inter CEO Marotta, talks between Inter and Chelsea are going far from smoothly. “I can say that today will not be the day of Lukaku’s announcement," Marotta told Radio Rai, as relayed by TuttoMercatoWeb. "Me, [Piero] Ausilio and [Dario] Baccin have the duty to build a competitive team while respecting the sustainability of our club. “From here polls and negotiations intertwine. We must have the ambition to try all the ways, without being afraid of not reaching the goal. Lukaku track is passable but there are difficulties and we’ll see how it goes." JUST IN: Tottenham the 'most willing' to sign Richarlison but price over £50m  Inter are understood to have seen an initial offer, which included a €5million (£4.2m) loan fee, knocked back by Chelsea, before then tabling the Blues improve terms. It has previously been asserted that Chelsea's willingness to see one of Inter's players included within a deal has held up negotiations. However, according to The Athletic, Lukaku's loan move has stalled as Inter president Steven Zhang is said to remain unconvinced. The Chinese chairman is reportedly not keen on shelling out such a substantial loan fee whilst also covering the entirety of the Belgian's wages. DON'T MISS Chelsea have Raheem Sterling transfer alternative who would save £35m Chelsea could be about to sign a player 'better than Kylian Mbappe' Raphinha's stance on joining Liverpool, Chelsea or Arsenal  Inter are also expected to conclude a deal for Argentine attacker Paulo Dybala, who is a free agent this summer having unceremoniously left Juventus following a dispute over a new deal. Opening up on the possibility of pairing Lukaku and Dybala in attack, Moratta added that such transfer activity will stretch the club's finances. The Inter CEO confessed: “It is difficult to give a precise answer, they are our goals but we have to think about the economic issues. “We threw ourselves headfirst into these two players, if we do well, otherwise we will move on to other goals. It is not the individual player that counts but the team and this group is already strong.”  