Manchester City may have won the race to sign Erling Haaland, but they are hoping that the pulling power of Pep Guardiola can help them also sign Kalvin Phillips from Leeds this summer. City are in need of a new midfielder with Fernandinho departing, and Ilkay Gundogan's deal expiring at the end of next season. City aren't done yet in the transfer market as they're looking to sign Phillips from Leeds, and would like to sort a deal before their pre-season tour according to The Times. Haaland spoke in his first interview with City about his excitement to work with Guardiola, and the feeling at the club is that the Spaniard could be the difference when it comes to Phillips too. The 26-year-old has been heavily linked with a move away from Leeds, who only just survived relegation last season. City jet off to America for their pre-season tour in the middle of July, and want Phillips to be on the team plane with them. But Phillips could cost them around £50million, as his deal doesn't expire until 2024. JUST IN: Arsenal confirm first summer signing as 'player for future' arrives The whole of Europe were battling to sign Haaland this summer, as a clause in the Norwegian's contract meant he was available for just £51m. City won the race, and Haaland spoke about the influence of Guardiola when deciding his move. Haaland told City's official website: "I think I can develop a lot under Pep and in this Club. I think I can get better at a lot of things and hopefully I can score a lot of (goals). DON'T MISS...Raphinha saga complicated as potential Leeds target suffers injuryArsenal told to sign ‘finished article’ striker in mould of AubameyangArsenal transfer confusion as Dusan Vlahovic explains his side of bid "I have spoken a little bit with him. We are both looking forward to working together." Haaland also claimed that he had been a City fan his whole life, after his father played for the club when he was growing up. Haaland also has an affection for Leeds, as that is where he was born. And famously, Haaland was seen asking for the shirt of Stuart Dallas when Norway played Northern Ireland in an international match. Therefore, Haaland would love to link up with Phillips as an admirer as well as for the benefit of City. But whether Leeds will be willing to sell England's player of the year is yet to be seen. The Premier League is braced for a Haaland masterclass over the next few seasons at least, with the Norwegian scoring 86 goals in 89 games for Borussia Dortmund. Haaland has paid his respects to the German side, but he was excited to sign for the club he supported as a boy. "I was born in England, I have been a City fan my whole life," Haaland added. "I know a lot about the club. In the end, [deciding to sign was down to] two things. I feel at home here and I feel I can develop and get the best out of my game at City. "I like the style (of play). I like the attacking football. I like the positive vibe we have when City play football. This is what I like a lot, so I think it’s a good fit."