At a size 16 and suffering with endometriosis and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), Gabrielle felt she needed to make a change in her life. After hitting her target weight by pushing herself when it came to her diet and fitness, the 28-year-old has now found a "balance", which also improved her endometriosis symptoms and mental health. But how did she do it? Gabrielle started out weighing 13st 7.6lb (86kg) when she joined fitness coach Diren Kartal's Project X programme back in January 2020. After six months, she dropped to 12st 3.96lb (78kg) and fit into a size 12, something she'd never been able to do before. "I knew I needed someone to keep me accountable to my daily habits and kick my a** into gear," she said. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake  She revealed she began to "trust the process" with her training and the results only added to her motivation. "I learned how to make my calorie and protein targets work for me to get to where I wanted to be," she continued. "Most importantly, I learned how to make this work around life. "I’m constantly between two countries but now have the tools I need to find the balance to keep knocking that progress out." She lost a whopping 33cm off her waist and her new lifestyle left her "booming with confidence". "I now love training and eating better to keep looking after myself," she beamed. Endometriosis is a condition where tissue similar to the lining of the womb starts to grow in other places, such as the ovaries and fallopian tubes. It can affect women of any age and is a long-term condition. It can have a significant impact on sufferers' lives, but there are treatments that can help. Symptoms include painful periods, pelvic pain and cramping, pain with intercourse and going to the toilet and excessive bleeding. PCOS is a condition that affects how the ovaries work and can be treated by medicines and by keeping a healthy weight. Symptoms of PCOS include irregular periods or no periods at all and a difficulty getting pregnant as a result of irregular ovulation or failure, according to the NHS.