Liverpool reportedly believe that landing Jude Bellingham this summer will be especially tough given that Borussia Dortmund have only just lost star striker Erling Haaland. Monaco's Aurelien Tchouameni is viewed as an alternative, but the Reds are supposedly ready to down tools in their pursuit of the Frenchman as Real Madrid close in. Jurgen Klopp has his eyes on two of Europe's top midfield prospects, so signing either of them was never going to be simple. At 18-years-old, Bellingham is tipped to have a glittering future at club and international level, having already worked his way into Gareth Southgate's senior England set-up. Tchouameni, meanwhile, has only seen his stock increase after another campaign of first-team football in Ligue 1, and a cluster of top clubs are seemingly ready to pull the trigger. The Athletic claim that Liverpool are no longer one of them, however, despite extensively scouting the 22-year-old. Real Madrid have reportedly reached a verbal agreement for Tchouameni in a deal that is set to top £80million. The Reds would reportedly have to part with a similar fee to test Dortmund's resolve on Bellingham this summer. JUST IN: Man Utd 'have back-up plan' if Jurrien Timber and Pau Torres transfers fall through While the teenager is expected to return to the Premier League at some point in the future, it remains to be seen whether he will do so at such an early stage. Bellingham is contracted to BVB until 2025 and has just finished his second full campaign as a first-team regular, notching three goals and eight assists in the Bundesliga alone. Several of those assists were gobbled up by Haaland, who will look to sting Liverpool next season when he joins up with Manchester City. Dortmund rarely stand in the way of players looking to leave, although Bellingham is yet to publicly express any desire to do so. DON'T MISS: Arsenal 'to complete first summer signing in next 10 days' but selling club regret deal PSV's Ibrahim Sangare has been touted as a cheaper option if Klopp is serious about introducing new bodies to his midfield ranks. There are plenty already at the club, but Jordan Henderson and James Milner are not getting any younger, while Naby Keita is rumoured to have perked the interest of Paris Saint-Germain. The more pressing issue at Anfield could be scouring the market for Sadio Mane's replacement. The flying forward is reportedly keen to explore a new challenge after six years on Merseyside, and Bayern Munich seem set to launch a bid after Robert Lewandowski publicly announced his desire to leave the German giants. Former Reds goalkeeper David James seemingly saw the saga unfolding earlier this year. "With Mane you’ve got a player who at some point isn’t going to be playing at the levels he once was," he told GGRecon. "He’s pretty much won everything and this year he can add a couple of domestic trophies towards that too. That would be a good signing off for him. He’s a legend at Liverpool but, at the same time, Liverpool is a very well run club and they’ll already have a succession plan in place."