Four-year-old Prince Louis, the youngest son of Prince William and Kate’s three children, appeared alongside his siblings at several events over the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend. Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge has been praised for her gentle parenting of the young Prince during Sunday’s Pageant.  As Prince Louis fidgeted in his seat and tried to steal his mother’s attention from the parade, Kate smiled and affectionately blew a kiss towards her son.    The heartwarming gesture has elated royal fans as the Duchess’ caring nature and parenting of cheeky Prince Louis has received acclaim. Prince Louis notably captured attention during the Platinum Jubilee as the restless royal was seen playfully messing around during several formal appearances. He appeared alongside his close family members on Thursday’s Trooping of the Colour balcony appearance. During a ceremonial military flyover, the young prince was pictured with his hands clasped firmly over his ears as he appeared to scream at the planes above. Clearly energetic, the Prince was unable to stand still on the balcony as he spun around to chat to his great-grandmother, the Queen.    On Sunday, Prince Louis was seen, alongside his elder siblings Prince George and Princess Charlotte, at the Pageant. The young royal appeared chirpy as he joked with Mike Tindall, husband of Zara Tindall, sitting in the row just behind him and chatted away to the other royal children. He was pictured on the laps of several different family members as he seemed to clamber across the front row of royal figures. In another memorable moment for onlookers, Princess Charlotte appeared to guide her younger brother through his royal engagements as she signalled to Prince Louis to wave at the gathered crowds. Read more: Mike Tindall speaks of 'trying to keep lid on' Mia, Lena and Louis   Observers of the royal festivities praised the Duchess of Cambridge for her patience with mischievous Prince Louis throughout the weekend. Twitter user @loveforcambridg said: “She is a wonderful and very strong woman.” Another user, @MaryAylward13 added: “Those children are having a lovely upbringing, loved and not spoiled but firmly learning how to navigate the complicated role they will play.” @joancosterallen said: “Great mum! And just an amazing wife to William - negotiating a minefield each and every day - well done Catherine!” DON'T MISS:Moment Princess Charlotte loses her cool with Prince Louis  [INSIGHT]Bossy Princess Charlotte gave dressing down to cheeky Louis [REPORT]Queen missed key events out of concern for other people's 'distress' [REVEAL] Mike Tindall has suggested the Cambridge children may have been overly excited at the events due to the supply of sweet treats on offer. According to a recent statement in his podcast, The Good, The Bad and The Rugby: “There were lots of sweets out the back though, so they had a complete sugar high.” Despite his bold behaviour over the weekend, Mr Tindall said: “Louis, he just wanted to have fun.” The patience and kindness displayed by the Duchess of Cambridge in her manner towards Prince Louis has charmed royal supporters across the country.   