Arsenal have not made significant developments on a transfer for Leeds ace Raphinha despite holding a firm interest in signing the Brazilian, Express Sport understands. The Gunners fear there is an attempt to drive up the Brazilian’s price tag and no formal offer has yet been made. The 25-year-old is of strong interest to several Premier League clubs, including Manchester United. Barcelona have also been credited with keeping tabs on the left-footed winger. Raphinha’s 11 Premier League goals were a key reason behind Leeds remaining in the top-flight last term. He also assisted a further three goals, with Jesse Marsch’s side confirming their safety with a win over Brentford on the final day of the season. His form has caught the attention of Arsenal but the Emirates Stadium hierarchy have not made significant developments over a potential transfer, Express Sport has been told. JUST IN: Man Utd could rob Rooney of protege as Red Devils 'very much in hunt' Man Utd have also been linked with the former Rennes star as Erik ten Hag sets about rebuilding the fallen English giant. That could give Arsenal plenty of competition if they want to sign the player, for whom Leeds paid £25million in 2020. Raphinha remains on Arsenal’s attacking shortlist alongside Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus. Leeds want around £50m for the Brazil international, which would give them a £25m profit. Meanwhile, Arsenal remain keen to improve Arteta’s midfield options. Porto playmaker Fabio Vieira will likely be announced as a Gunners player in the coming days. It comes after the Premier League prematurely published a profile page for the 22-year-old in its website. DON'T MISS...Arsenal 'going all out' to beat Utd and Liverpool to Jesus alternativeArsenal 'fear' Man Utd will sign Lisandro Martinez after Timber snubArsenal 'very close' to Raphinha transfer and he hopes deal this week Porto have already confirmed that they have reached an agreement with Arsenal over the transfer of the Portugal international. Vieira scored six goals and assisted a further 14 in just 27 Portuguese top-flight matches last season. The addition of Vieira will provide important competition and creativity to Arteta’s midfield options. The Spanish head coach is also known to want a striker despite Eddie Nketiah agreeing to extend his contract beyond this summer. Nketiah replaced the now departed Alexandre Lacazette for the final weeks of the campaign and netted 10 goals in total in all competitions. But Arsenal’s downfall across the campaign was their lack of firepower, with Lacazette striking just four times. The North Londoners missed out on the Champions League to rivals Tottenham, who boasted far better forward options. It is why Arsenal have been strongly linked with Man City striker Jesus.