Smartphone users in the UK need to be on the lookout for a dangerous text message that's allegedly about the energy bill rebate scheme. The warning was issued by energy regulator Ofgem, who have been put on notice about the convincing scam text message. The text says the recipient is eligible for a £400 rebate from the Government to help with their energy bills and directs them towards a website that allegedly lets people apply for this windfall. This site, however, is merely designed to steal sensitive personal data from them, which in turn could be used for identity fraud. Typically with scams there are a few red flags which can help people spot it's a con. This includes being directed to a fake looking URL and the sender's name being suspicious. But in this case the text victims have received says the contact name is Ofgem while the URL looks like an official Ofgem website at first glance. Alerting people to the scam on Twitter, Ofgem said: "Scammers are sending SMS messages appearing to be from Ofgem offering rebates "THIS IS A SCAM. "The link could harvest your personal data so be #ScamAware". The message in question says: "You are eligible for the government funded £400.00 energy bill rebate. To complete your application, visit: ofgem.secure-reg.com". The energy regulator also offers advice for people on how to avoid scams on its website. Ofgem explains: "Scammers may sometimes contact you pretending to be from Ofgem. For example, a scammer might call saying they are from Ofgem, suggest you switch and then ask for your bank details. "They might try to contact you by: knocking at your door, phone call, social media, email, pop-up message on a website, instant message, text message. "These are energy scams. Ofgem would never sell you energy, ask for personal information or come to your property." Ofgem also lists three steps to help people spot a scam and not fall victim to it...  STOP - Reject, refuse or ignore contact from ‘Ofgem’ that looks or sounds unusual, such as a request for your bank or personal details. We never ask for this information. CHECK - Check email addresses. Any emails to or from Ofgem always end @ofgem.gov.uk. Check branding. The Ofgem logo will always be present in our communications. It should never look stretched, blurry or distorted. PROTECT - Only criminals will try to rush or panic you. Contact your bank immediately if you think you’ve fallen for a scam. Report it to Action Fraud if you live in England or Wales, and Police Scotland in Scotland. 