Serena Williams has stopped short of confirming whether she has played her last Wimbledon tournament after losing on her return to the major in a thrilling night match to Harmony Tan. The American tennis icon was making her comeback 12 months after suffering an injury on the grass courts at Wimbledon. The 40-year-old knocked back any suggestion she was coming out of retirement ahead of her return to Wimbledon. And she even set herself "high goals" for the major with anticipation building on what she could achieve. But Williams came up against a tough competitor in Tan, who played well above her ranking of world No 115. Tan took the opening set to the surprise of a packed Centre Court crowd but Williams quickly retaliated by forcing a deciding set. Emotions were running high on court as Williams dug deep in a match which was closing in on three hours at the end of the third set. Williams was able to save match point to hold serve and force a match tiebreak where she quickly took a 4-0 lead.  JUST IN: Why is Serena Williams wearing face stickers? 'It's not easy'   But Tan once again rallied and eventually held out for the biggest win of her career late on Centre Court. For Williams, she smiled and waved as she exited the court with many wondering whether it will be her last at Wimbledon. However, the American has indicated that she could well return in the near future. When asked whether she thought it was more likely than not she won't come back, Williams said: "That's a question I can't answer. "Like, I don't know. I feel like, you know, I don't know. Who knows? Who knows where I'll pop up." Williams was also asked what she wants to do next, but stopped short of confirming whether her plans include the US Open. DON'T MISS  "I mean, obviously the summer -- we're in the summer now, right in the swing of it," she added."Like I said coming into this, I'm just planning for right now, seeing how I feel, just to go from there." But Williams did admit that she wouldn't be happy with her defeat to Tan being her last memory at Wimbledon. "Obviously not. You know me. Definitely not," she said. "But today I gave all I could do, you know, today. Maybe tomorrow I could have gave more. Maybe a week ago I could have gave more. But today was what I could do. "At some point you have to be able to be okay with that. And that's all I can do. I can't change time or anything, so... That's all I could do on this particular day." 