Chelsea and Tottenham have been boosted in their reported attempts to sign Inter Milan’s Lautaro Martinez as the forward is apparently keen on a move to the Premier League. Both top-flight clubs have been credited with an interest in the Argentine, who enjoyed an excellent season in Italy. Arsenal are also understood to be keen on signing the 24-year-old but their lack of Champions League football will reportedly prevent a move. The Gunners were pipped to fourth place by North London rivals Spurs. Martinez has emerged as one of European football’s hottest properties in recent seasons. He scored 25 goals across all competitions last term, including 21 in Serie A despite Inter being unable to retain the Italian title. His form has caught the attention of clubs across the continent, including in the Premier League. Spurs and Arsenal were apparently interested in completing a transfer last summer but one did not materialise, while Chelsea have since entered the race as they seek to replace Martinez’s former Inter team-mate Romelu Lukaku. JUST IN: Arsenal 'close in' on third summer signing ahead of Fabio Vieira deal According to Give Me Sport, Martinez is open to a move to Chelsea or Spurs due to their participation in the Champions League. However, a move to Arsenal is no longer on the player’s radar. The Emirates Stadium outfit are desperate to sign a striker this summer as their failure to reach the Champions League was partly down to a lack of goals. Mikel Arteta is looking to upgrade on Alexandre Lacazette who has left the club for Lyon after managing just four top-flight strikes last term. Gabriel Jesus is likely to be the player who fills that gap in Arsenal’s squad. The Manchester City ace has responded to Erling Haaland’s arrival at the Etihad Stadium by requesting to leave, with the Gunners leading the race. DON'T MISS...Arsenal 'rejected' by Morata as ex-Chelsea striker snubs NewcastleChelsea 'demand' Tottenham transfer target in transfer swap dealTuchel draws up three-man wishlist after Lukaku exit given greenlight That leaves Chelsea and Spurs free to battle it out for Inter’s Martinez. The Blues are keen to replace Lukaku, who seems destined for a return to Inter following the failure of his blockbuster £97.5m transfer to Stamford Bridge last summer. It is unclear whether Thomas Tuchel lending Lukaku to the Serie A club would give the Chelsea boss an advantage in his pursuit of Martinez. Belgian forward Lukaku scored just eight Premier League goals last season and never truly seemed to fit into Tuchel’s system. The German could therefore seek a much more dynamic forward ahead of next term, although Kai Havertz did well as a No.9 when used in the position. Meanwhile, Spurs boss Antonio Conte hopes to beat the competition to sign Martinez, with whom he won Serie A while at Inter.