Food recalls are issued when a product is unsafe or harmful for certain individuals to eat. The product is then withdrawn from shelves and customers are urged to return it to their nearest store for a refund. Waitrose has updated its food recall on prawns. The prawn packages are unsafe to eat as they may contain raw, uncooked prawns. The presence of raw, uncooked prawns makes this product unsafe to eat, according to the Food Standards Agency, which has published the food recall on its website. The products affected are the Waitrose Frozen Cooked & Peeled Jumbo King Prawns and the Essential Frozen Cooked King Prawns. READ MORE: Lady Louise Windsor health: Royal's ‘profound’ battle with eye problem The first batch of prawns, the Frozen Cooked & Peeled Jumbo King Prawns, come in a pack 200g in size and all best before codes up to and including June 2023 are affected. The batch code is VN394. The second batch of prawns, the Essential Frozen Cooked King Prawns, come in a pack 250g in size and all date codes up to and including February 2024 are affected. The batch code is VN394.  The FSA stated its advice, saying: “If you have bought any of the above products do not eat them. Instead, return them to the store from where they were bought for a full refund.” Waitrose also advised its customers. It said in a notice: “Waitrose is recalling the above product as a precautionary measure due to the potential presence of raw, uncooked prawns. “Do not consume, package up item, return the product to your local Waitrose & Partners branch for a refund.” The supermarket added: “Contact: Waitrose Customer Care 0800 188 884, Option Four. “We apologise that it has been necessary to recall this product and for the inconvenience caused.” Tesco has also issued food recalls in recent days and weeks, including for two types of pasta sauce. The supermarket said: “Mars Food is recalling certain batch codes of their Dolmio Carbonara Pasta Sauce 150G pouch and Carbonara Pasta Sauce 150G Stir-In pots as they may have trace levels of soy, which isn’t declared on the packaging. “This could be a safety risk to anyone with an allergy or intolerance to soy.” Customers can contact the Dolmio careline on 0800 952 1234 for a full refund or do the same at their nearest Tesco, no receipt required. These products are also sold at Morrisons, Asda and Sainsbury’s. Active food recalls in Morrisons include its own brand Breaded Chicken Goujons, 270g, Breaded Chicken Goujons, 650g, Breaded Chicken Nuggets, 260g, and Breaded Chicken Platter, 600g. Morrisons stated: “Please do not eat this product and return it to your nearest store for a full refund. We don’t need a receipt.” The retailer assured customers that no other products are affected.