Former Derby County boss Wayne Rooney is hot property after walking away from Pride Park, with multiple broadcasters looking to snap him up. Rooney has previously made appearances on Sky Sports' Monday Night Football, but now companies are looking to tie him down for the new season. Sky and BT are both desperate to get Rooney on the books for next season, with even broadcasters in China and America looking to land the former Manchester United man. That's according to The Sun, who claim that Rooney is in high demand to appear as a pundit next season after quitting Derby. It's set to be the first season where Rooney is out of work, having taken over at Derby immediately after hanging up his boots. Rooney is reportedly being eyed up by broadcasters abroad, with Chinese and American television stations both interested in him. Rooney spent time in the United States with DC United after leaving Everton, and was hugely popular with fans before leaving to return to England. JUST IN: Chelsea eyeing Man Utd transfer hijack as Blues ‘hold Antony meeting'  And according to the Sun, he is still adored in China for his heroics for United. But it is seemingly more likely than not that Rooney will stay in England. Part of his reasoning for leaving Derby was to spend more time with his wife Coleen and their children. As previously mentioned, Rooney has been constantly involved in the footballing world his entire life, and is yet to have a break. And a source told the Daily Mirror: "Wayne’s always had pre-season tours, World Cups, Euros. He’s not had a summer off since he was a kid himself. He wants to spend the summer holidays with his boys. DON'T MISS...Man Utd 'make offer for Raphinha' and receive responseChelsea boss Thomas Tuchel 'promised six signings' and handed £200mLiverpool star Klopp 'trusts' warned of exit unless he's 'consistent'  "They break up from school soon and he just wants to spend a lot more time with them and Coleen. If he’d stayed at Derby then he’d have to be back at work in a week or so, preparing for the new season. That would have given him hardly any time with the ­children. He just wants to enjoy a full summer with his kids." But that doesn't mean that he won't be looking for work after the summer, and a relaxed punditry role beckons for Rooney. He could even follow a similar route to Carragher, who does Monday Night Football alongside working for American broadcaster CBS for Champions League games. Carragher partners Thierry Henry and Micah Richards on the punditry panel. 