 Emma Thompson has appeared in some of the most well-known films and her newest big-screen outing shows her in a different light. Talking to Lorraine Kelly on her ITV show, Emma opened up about her experience while filming and how as a society, many find it hard to talk about sex, especially at an older age.    Emma, 63, is considered acting royalty in the UK, having appeared in fan-favourite films such as Cruella and Saving Mr Banks, and her newest movie allows the star to be a bit raunchier than usual With a teaser of Good Luck to You, Leo Grande playing as the pair chatted, Emma said: "We live in a world, where it is sort of assumed somehow that everyone is having a wonderful time [the older you get]. "But I've had a very interesting couple of conversations, with older men actually in their 80s, and one said to me 'You know a lot of my friends, they brag about having great sex in their 80s, and I don't think they are telling the truth.'" The issue of talking openly about sex is deep rooted in British culture Emma implied. Read More: Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting    She added: "And I think it is very difficult for us to tell the truth about sex." Show host Lorraine was quick to comment on the on-screen chemistry between the film's leads. She described: "That's what is so interesting about him [actor Daryl McCormack], he is sort of a therapist, which was very fascinating." Talking about her character and the sex-positive film, Emma described: "She's someone who has been widowed and is looking back at her life and thinking 'I am not sure that I have experienced a really essential part of life' - sexual pleasure really of any kind.    "She has never had an orgasm." Lorraine questioned: "Never ever?" with which the guest replied: "Never, not even on her own." During her research for the role and speaking to experts, Emma discovered "15 percent of women have never had an orgasm", a figure Lorraine couldn't get her head around and flabbergasted, she repeated the actress saying "15 percent!" Lorraine joked: "Something has to be done!" DON’T MISS…Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in as Gloria 'absolutely devastated' over Jubilee pageant [LATEST]BBC Breakfast ‘lining up GB News host’ as possible Dan Walker replacement [LATEST]Rod Stewart 'disappointed' by Harry and Meghan's treatment of Queen [LATEST]    This talking point made the pair wonder if people are "ever truly honest about sex" when discussing it with friends. Watching from home, Lorraine's entertainment guest presenter Ria Hebden enjoyed Emma's transparency and tweeted: "Appreciated the honest conversation between #EmmaThompson and @reallorraine about #womensbodies. "How society views them; how they are objectified globally, and how this eventually makes us dislike our own. I think #Goodlucktoyouleogrande may shake things up for women #lorraine." Sanj Brooks added: "Amazing interview on #Lorraine this morning. Emma discussing women, sex and relationship we have with our own bodies. 15% of women have never orgasmed! Emma's self-awareness and authenticity shine through. Lorraine was quiet for once!"  