The Queen was greeted by a wave of cheers as she stepped out on Buckingham Palace's balcony for the national anthem at the Jubilee Pageant on Sunday evening. The elaborate spectacle rounded off the long weekend's celebrations in honour of the monarch's seventieth year on the throne.  She looked radiant in green as she was joined by Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall on one side, with Prince William, Kate, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and young Prince Louis on the other. She waved to the adoring crowds, grinning at the masses before returning inside the Palace. Following the appearance, Her Majesty, 96, sent a personal message of thanks to all of those across the country who had marked the unprecedented milestone alongside the Royal Family. The Queen, who signed the note from the Palace, said she wished to thank the nation "most sincerely" for the "good wishes" and participation "in these happy celebrations".  She added: "While I may not have attended every event in person, my heart has been with you all; and I remain committed to serving you to the best of my ability, supported by my family." The Queen described feeling "humbled and deeply touched" at the country's celebrations of her jubilee, praising a "togetherness" in the country over the weekend. There was "no guidebook" on how to mark a Platinum reign, the Queen said, being the first sovereign in British history to do so. She said in her written message: "When it comes to how to mark 70 years as your Queen, there is no guidebook to follow. "It really is a first. "But I have been humbled and deeply touched that so many people have taken to the streets to celebrate my Platinum Jubilee. "While I may not have attended every event in person, my heart has been with you all; and I remain committed to serving you to the best of my ability, supported by my family.  READ MORE: Harry faced 'painful 19 minutes' as 'reality of new life sinks in'  "I have been inspired by the kindness, joy and kinship that has been so evident in recent days, and I hope this renewed sense of togetherness will be felt for many years to come. "I thank you most sincerely for your good wishes and for the part you have all played in these happy celebrations." Her message was signed Elizabeth R. The Queen's appearance closed the Platinum Jubilee Pageant on Sunday afternoon, which featured a three-kilometre procession through The Mall to Buckingham Palace.  As part of the parade, the Queen's image was projected onto the Gold State Coach as it made its way through central London. A hologram showing the Queen on her way to her coronation in 1953 was superimposed onto the side of the carriage, which the monarch used to travel to the ceremony seven decades earlier. The Queen herself did not make the trip in the 260-year-old carriage on Sunday. The pageant featured a number of big names, from boxing legend Chris Eubank to Sir Cliff Richard. DON'T MISS: Jubilee LIVE: Meghan and Harry missing AGAIN as Sussexes absent [LIVE] POLL: Would you like to see more of Meghan and Harry after Jubilee? [VOTE] Fury at Harry and Meghan for keeping their children away [REACTION]  The pageant began with a military parade, thought to be the largest military spectacle in recent British history, before moving on to a journey through British culture under the Queen's reign. The procession saw segments dedicated to each decade of her seventy-year reign, boasting cultural icons and faces from each era. The parade even featured the villainous characters from the science fiction series Doctor Who, the Daleks, and a host of classic cars from the iconic James Bond films. It was attended by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, and their three children, George, Charlotte and Louis.  Also in attendance were Prince Charles and Camilla, sitting just in front of the Tindalls and Prime Minister Boris Johnson. The Queen did not attend the bulk of the parade, having pulled out of numerous scheduled appearances over the weekend. The monarch, who has been suffering with mobility issues, kicked off the celebrations on Thursday with the Trooping the Colour parade. Her Majesty stood with other senior royals on the Buckingham Palace balcony to watch the RAF Red Arrows flypast, observing her official birthday. But she experienced "discomfort" at the event, meaning she would not see the national service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday in person. The Palace said the Queen would not attend "with great reluctance" but would instead rest at Windsor. She then skipped the Epsom Derby on Saturday, and watched Saturday evening's Party at the Palace from the comfort at home.