Watford chairman Scott Duxbury has revealed that Ben Foster was fined as the club asked him to stop making YouTube videos, but the goalkeeper kept posting as he grew his channel - Ben Foster The Cycling GK - to over one million subscribers. Foster began making videos during lockdown, when Premier League games were being played but fans were not allowed in stadiums, as he sought to bring fans closer to football. However since fans were let back into grounds as restrictions loosened, the 39-year-old continued to make videos last season and Watford were relegated, something that divided opinion among Hornets fans. Chairman Duxbury admitted that Foster was asked to stop making the behind-the-scenes videos, and was fined when the former Manchester United stopper continued to post online. “There are many things that occur during a season that are politically sensitive and that we can't discuss with fans in the way I would like to,” Duxbury told the Watford Observer. “However, now the season is over, I’ll say I think some of the videos were disappointing. Our sporting director, Cristiano Giaretta, met with Ben [Foster] and asked him to stop. He promised he would, but he didn’t. He was fined. “We want a culture of excellence at Watford. Those videos were not that. I wanted to say publicly at the time that the videos were utterly wrong and we had fined the player and asked him to stop, but it just wasn’t something I could do. “In future, player contracts will have clauses in them to make it clear that sort of behaviour will not be permitted.” Foster started 26 times last season for Watford as they finished 19th and suffered relegation in their first season back in the Premier League. He will become a free agent at the end of the month as his contract at Vicarage Road expires, and is open to becoming a backup option in the Premier League. "I would [go in as a number two],” Foster said on his Fozzcast podcast. “If I am signing for a club, as a number two goalkeeper, depending on who the first choice goalkeeper is. Say, it was someone like Arsenal or something. Or even Aston Villa. Where the first-choice goalkeeper is a world-class goalie, someone like [Aaron] Ramsdale or [Emi] Martinez or something. "I know I have a world-class goalkeeper in front of me, who is still at an age where they are learning and they can get better. And they can because they have the potential.” Duxbury also revealed he was not happy with manager Roy Hodgson not applauding the Watford fans as their relegation was confirmed with defeat at Crystal Palace. “I’ve known Roy for many years and I was surprised and disappointed,” the Chairman said. “But I suppose we must accept, if not truly understand, his explanation.”