“What a fantastic weekend of celebrations,” they exclaimed. “From the crowds on The Mall to communities hosting street parties up and down the country, we hope you had a weekend to remember. “We all had an incredible time, especially Louis.” The message came as they posted intimate behind-the-scenes images on their Instagram account showing the couple and their young family in the thick of the Jubilee celebrations. Stunning snaps include Kate, George, Charlotte and little Louis – whose cheeky antics charmed the nation – watching from Palace steps, while another picture shows dad William steering his youngest inside. The pictures gave a public still recovering from four days of parties and pageants a rare taste of life from inside the Royal Family. And the couple’s clear delight at the relaxed scenes of merrymaking shone through with the Duke and Duchess shown smiling and chatting happily to youngsters and laughing with fellow street party guests. Another one for the Queen’s family album shows the beaming monarch with her handsome great-grandson George on the Palace balcony. The Cambridges’ highly personal letter of appreciation was shared on Twitter to thank the millions who joined the once-in-a-lifetime event. They added: “Seeing people across the nation coming together with family, friends and loved ones has been extremely special. “Thank you to everyone who turned out to show their gratitude to the Queen and her inspiring 70 years of leadership.” By contrast, a grim-faced Prince Harry was yesterday seen back in California with his family after they flew home before the Jubilee had even finished. The Duke of Sussex, his wife Meghan and their children, Archie, three, and Lilibet, one, were spotted leaving an airport in Santa Barbara. The private jet which brought them from the US last week, left Farnborough Airport in Hampshire at 1.30pm on Sunday, just over an hour before the grand finale of the celebrations, the Jubilee Pageant, began in central London. It is not clear who paid the estimated £160,000 cost of the jet, which sat at Farnborough from when the Sussexes arrived there last Wednesday until their departure. The Queen sent a security car to meet the family, who have been based in California since shortly after Harry and Meghan quit their official royal roles in March 2020. There was little sign, in public at least, of fractured relationships inside the Royal Family being repaired during their visit. Harry, 37, and Meghan, 40, kept a low profile, watching Trooping the Colour with other family members and attending a national service at St Paul’s Cathedral for the Queen. But there was no hint that they had mended fences with the Cambridges, who were in Wales with Prince George and Princess Charlotte on Saturday when the Sussexes are understood to have held a first birthday party for Lilibet. The Queen is believed to have met her great-granddaughter for the first time last Thursday. Harry and Meghan, who were booed by some in the crowd outside St Paul’s, are understood to have met Charles and Camilla at Clarence House before the service on Friday. * The eyes emoji has many meanings but in this case Kate uses it to highlight an amusing situation.