Former Tottenham defender Alan Hutton has warned his old club that they may be making a mistake in allowing Manchester United to sign Christian Eriksen, and believes the Dane could be “the one that got away” from Antonio Conte’s side. Spurs have reportedly cooled any initial interest they had in the 30-year-old playmaker following their signing of Brighton midfielder Yves Bissouma, giving United a big boost in their pursuit of Eriksen. Football London claim that the north London side have distanced themselves from a move for Eriksen and have not followed up on their initial interest two weeks prior. The Danish star registered four assists and scored one goal in 11 Premier League games last season after signing a short-term contract with Brentford, and Hutton believes Tottenham may rue not pushing harder to sign Eriksen. When asked if letting Eriksen go to United would be a mistake by Football Insider, the Scot replied: “Of course it could be. Time will tell. I think at 30 years of age he’s proved to everyone at Brentford that he’s still very hungry. “He’s fit enough, he can deal with the stresses and the strains in the Premier League. So I think he could be the one that got away because I think he’s got something that Tottenham missed this season. “As deadly as [Harry] Kane and Son [Heung-min] are, if you look at the midfield it’s all very defensive. “I know they brought in [Rodrigo] Bentancur but they’ve got [Harry] Winks, [Pierre-Emile] Hojbjerg, [Oliver] Skipp, all these guys who are very defensive and I think they miss that attacking flair, something that Eriksen could give them. And the possibility for him to go to Manchester United, I think he’ll do well there.” Between 2013 and 2020, Eriksen scored 69 goals and registered 90 assists in 305 appearances for Tottenham. Brentford remain in the chase for the player as living in London has been cited as a big factor for Eriksen, and Bees manager Thomas Frank has said that he hopes he will reward the club for taking a chance on him last season. “I never had any doubts that he would come back to a good level and now I hope we can retain him,” Frank told AS. “I do not know [Eriksen to Brentford]. I know we still have a chance and I hope he will make a decision in two weeks. "The agreement is that he will call me and tell me what he wants to do. He hasn’t decided yet.” Sky Sports journalist Dharmesh Sheth provided United with a positive update on Eriksen. “Manchester United feel deal with Christian Eriksen is possible after initial contact,” Sheth tweeted. “Ultimate decision rests with player - he has other offers.”