Red Bull ace Sergio Perez put pen-to-paper on a new deal with Red Bull earlier this week to keep him at the Austrian team until at least 2024. And Red Bull boss Christian Horner has explained why the contract extension was a “no-brainer.” “Since joining Oracle Red Bull Racing, Checo has done a fantastic job,” Perez explained after the deal had been announced. “Time and again he has proved himself to not only be a magnificent team player but, as his level of comfort has grown, he has become a real force to be reckoned with at the sharp end of the grid. “This year he has taken another step and the gap to world champion Max [Verstappen] has closed significantly, evidenced by his superb pole position in Jeddah earlier this year and by his wonderful win in Monaco just last weekend. “For us, holding onto his pace, race craft and experience was a no-brainer and we are delighted that Checo will continue to race for the team until 2024. In partnership with Max we believe we have a driver pairing that can bring us the biggest prizes in F1.” READ MORE: Verstappen rejects IndyCar and triple crown - 'Not going to risk life'   Perez has been in scintillating form this season and secured his first race victory of the season at the weekend as he won the Monaco Grand Prix. The 32-year-old secured podium finishes at the Australian, Imola and Spanish Grands Prix earlier this year and is just 15 points behind this season’s current F1 Drivers’ Championship leader Verstappen. Perez became the first Mexican pole-sitter when he qualified for this year’s Saudi Arabian Grand Prix in first position. But his endeavours to win that race were thwarted when he went in to pit on lap 15 before his rivals took advantage of a Safety Car delay to pit one lap later without losing any time. The star also built a lead at the Spanish Grand Prix before being ordered by team bosses to cede his position to Verstappen. Perez played a key role in slowing Lewis Hamilton down at last year’s season-decider in Abu Dhabi as Verstappen went on to win his maiden title. And Perez appears to be highly regarded by the energy drink outfit, who clearly want him to stick around. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton's F1 record under threat after dire start to 2022 [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton had 'jaw and teeth shaking' for duration of Monaco GP [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton demands talks with FIA over delayed Monaco start [ANALYSIS]    “For me, this has been an incredible week,” Perez said after penning his new deal. “Winning the Monaco Grand Prix is a dream for any driver and then to follow that with announcing I will continue with the team until 2024 just makes me extremely happy. “I am so proud to be a member of this team and I feel completely at home here now. We are working very well together and my relationship with Max, on and off the track, is definitely helping drive us forward even more. “We have built tremendous momentum as a team and this season is showing that, I am excited to see where that can take us all in the future.” 