Estates where door after door had once been painted in the same shade of municipal red suddenly sprouted those of all designs and colours and people started to stamp their own imprint on their home. We are forever being bombarded with statistics on housing but it is hard to put a financial value on simple freedoms like that. It is easy to cheer, then, efforts by the Government to try once again to extend home-ownership to the masses. But I am sorry, I can only muster two cheers for the announcements made by housing minister Michael Gove this week to try to revive the right to buy. The plans are certainly eye-catching. The Government proposes that social housing tenants should be allowed to count their income from benefits when applying for a mortgage. Given that it was sub-prime mortgages, advanced to households that couldn’t afford the repayments, which triggered the 2008/09 financial crisis, critics are right to be wary about making it too easy to take out large loans. Mr Gove’s plan will only work if banks and building societies are prepared to lend the money – and I suspect they will be reluctant to do so unless the Government underwrites their debts – as it did with George Osborne’s Help to Buy scheme. Yet that would expose taxpayers potentially to huge losses if house prices collapsed and buyers defaulted on their loans. I have worries, too, that reviving the right to buy will continue the steady erosion of social housing available for rent to low-income households. The huge discounts on offer to people who exercise the right to buy mean that it is difficult for councils and housing associations to replace social housing bought under the scheme. Without adequate new housing to replace the social homes lost under the right to buy we are just storing up a problem for the future. Look at what has happened to many of the central London flats bought under the right to buy: they are now in the hands of private landlords who are renting them out to tenants on housing benefit – at far higher rents. But above all, the Government’s plans to revive the right to buy ignore the real problem with the housing market. Years of rampant inflation have left even young people with good jobs and good salaries unable to afford to clamber onto even the lowest level of the housing ladder. Homes in many areas of the country, London especially, are now so high that even a hefty discount on a property won’t help a council tenant exercise the right to buy. A council flat in Central London can easily be worth £400,000 or more. Moreover, the right to buy will do nothing to help young people who are too well-off to qualify for social housing but too poor to buy a home on the open market. For them, life is all-too-often a precarious business of shuffling between one short tenancy to another, paying through the nose in rent. It is perfectly possible to ease these problems. But we need a step-change in house-building, and measures to stop housing being bought up, en masse, by private investors, many of whom do not live in Britain and some of whom do not even let out their properties. Boris Johnson is well aware of this problem. When he was Mayor of London he spoke of international investors using London’s housing stock as “safety deposit boxes”. The Government could easily insist that the deeds of most new homes include a clause stating that they can only be bought by owner-occupiers using them as their main home. Why can’t we go back to the system used to construct the post-war new towns: where land was bought by the Government at agricultural prices and then granted planning permission before being sold to developers? That would help lower the price of development land and allow profits on and sales to be used to fund proper infrastructure. It would help too if the Chancellor permanently slashed Stamp Duty – just look how the market picked up during the pandemic when Rishi Sunak announced a stamp duty holiday for homes under £500,000. The Right to Buy was an iconic policy in the 1980s, but it will solve little now. The Government needs to find ways to accelerate house-building and make sure Britain’s housing stock is used as it should be: for housing people, not as a global asset class.