Cancer Research UK explains: “It is rare but some types of lung cancer cells produce hormones that go into the bloodstream. These hormones can cause symptoms that don’t seem related to the lung cancer. Doctors call them paraneoplastic syndrome.” At the moment there is no national screening programme for lung cancer in the UK, so it is very important to be aware of any signs that crop up.   The organisation says these hormone symptoms might include: The charity also explains: “Lung cancer doesn't always cause symptoms in its early stages. Many of the signs and symptoms can also be caused by other medical conditions but finding lung cancer early can mean that it's easier to treat.” READ MORE: Kate Middleton health: The Duchess' severe allergy - symptoms can start 'within minutes'   The NHS says signs include: Cancer Research says: “A cough is also a symptom of coronavirus. It is still important to contact your GP if you have a new or worsening cough. They can speak to you over the phone or by a video call and arrange for tests if you need them”.   The charity adds: “Some people have swollen fingers and nails (finger clubbing). They may also have pain and swelling in their joints. This condition is called hypertrophic pulmonary osteoarthropathy (HPOA).” You should see a GP if you have any symptoms, according to the NHS. Indeed, Cancer Research says finding lung cancer early can mean that it's easier to treat, so if you notice any changes get them checked out by your GP as soon as possible. The NHS has also outlined some less common symptoms of lung cancer, which some people may not be aware of. These actually include changes in the appearance of your fingers, such as becoming more curved or their ends becoming larger. This is known as finger clubbing.   Some people may also notice swelling of their face or neck, or persistent chest or shoulder pain. “The initial signs, if any, are typically mild and often mistakenly attributed to another, less serious condition, such as the common cold or flu.” Nonetheless, the organisation says some people may notice one or more vague warning signs that something is not quite right early on.  There are some factors that can increase your risk of developing lung cancer. Smoking tobacco is the biggest cause of lung cancer in the UK. Cancer Research says seven out of 10 lung cancers are caused by smoking. The NHS states if you smoke more than 25 cigarettes a day, you are 25 times more likely to get lung cancer than a non-smoker. If you do not smoke, frequent exposure to other people’s smoking can increase your risk of developing lung cancer. Your risk of lung cancer is higher if you have a close relative (such as a parent or sibling) who has had lung cancer. 