Manchester United remain on the hunt for Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong. Despite being unable to agree a fee with their La Liga counterparts, the Red Devils are still optimistic a deal can be struck. And he’s not the only player Erik ten Hag is interested in at the current moment in time. Manchester United are still expected to add to their squad, despite dragging their feet during negotiations with Barcelona for De Jong. The 25-year-old is Erik ten Hag’s top target, having previously won two trophies playing under his fellow Dutchman at Ajax. In goal, United admire Daniel Bachmann - who could arrive at a time where Dean Henderson appears to be heading to the exit door amid interest from Premier League new boys Nottingham Forest. With Jurrien Timber looking unlikely, United may raid Ajax for Lisandro Martinez instead - while Denzel Dumfries is being eyed at right-back. Christian Eriksen, like De Jong, is a target for midfield. And, up top, the Red Devils want Antony to move to Old Trafford. So, with that being the case, Express Sport will now take a look at how they could all fit into the Red Devils’ 25-man squad for next season. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez Manchester United won’t be getting rid of David De Gea any time soon, with the Spain international back to his best after a few years of inconsistency. However, Henderson is heading for the door. The England international has grown fed up at having to play second fiddle to De Gea and a move to Forest appears to be on the cards, though Newcastle are also admired. If he moves on, as expected, then Bachmann could arrive from Watford. And both the Hornets star and Tom Heaton would then provide competition for De Gea between the sticks. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen United want to land a new centre-back this summer. And with a deal for Timber looking unlikely, the Red Devils appear to now be eyeing a move for Martinez instead. The Ajax star has been a key figure under Ten Hag over in Amsterdam, helping the club win two league titles during that time. United also want a right-back amid an expectancy Aaron Wan-Bissaka will cut loose, with Dumfries one potential option amid uncertainty over his future at Inter Milan. United are ready to jettison Eric Bailly, Axel Tuanzebe and Phil Jones this summer. So, in addition to Dumfries and Martinez, it’s possible the club will have Diogo Dalot, Harry Maguire, Raphael Varane, Victor Lindelof, Luke Shaw and Alex Telles as their defensive options. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team When it comes to United transfer targets, many players have been linked. But both De Jong and Eriksen are priorities for Ten Hag, who believes both players can have big impacts at United. Should they sign, they can then fill the voids left behind by the departures of Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba. Fred, Scott McTominay, James Garner and Van de Beek could go alongside De Jong in the middle of the park. And Eriksen would then be able to compete with Bruno Fernandes and youngster Hannibal Mejbri for a starting berth. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United may have no choice but to stick with Anthony Martial, with suitors for the France international presently in short supply. And he could have to compete with Antony for a starting berth, with Ten Hag keen on a reunion with his Ajax pupil. The Brazil international would be a good addition to the Red Devils, especially when you consider their struggles on the right-wing in recent years. Youngster Alejandro Garnacho is set to play a more prominent role for the club next term. And Marcus Rashford, Jadon Sancho and Cristiano Ronaldo are other options for Ten Hag’s attack.