Back in April, it was speculated Big Brother had been bought by broadcast giant ITV and the network was planning to bring back the iconic reality show. The Channel 4 hit originally aired from 2000 to 2010 and was hosted by Davina McCall before moving to Channel 5 until 2018. With the rumours of a return, This Morning host Alison Hammond has opened up about wanting to present the show. ITV presenter Alison found her fame from the show, and now rumours have begun that she could be returning as the number one choice as host. Recently being a guest on comedian Mo Gilligan's The Late-ish Show, the topic of Big Brother arose where she revealed she would jump at the chance to host the series. When asked if she would make a good presenter, she confidently exclaimed: "I think so. They need to change it up a bit. We’ve got to put it out there to the universe. Let’s make it happen!” An ITV spokesperson declined to comment when contacted by Express.co.uk about Alison's potential new role. READ MORE: Hunniford in savage Meghan swipe upon Jubilee return Alison appeared in the third series of Big Brother, which aired 20 years ago and began her path to stardom. She recently reminisced about the video that kickstarted her journey, which was her Big Brother audition tape. Speaking to the camera while standing outside, Alison declares her love for Vaseline and says she's looking for "frills, frolics and excitement". Sharing the video on her official Twitter page, she wrote: "Omg, 20 years since Big brother changed my life. Eternally grateful to Big Brother, how gorgeous is @ThisisDavina I just love her." However, former Big Brother, Celebrity Big Brother, and Big Brother’s Bit On The Side host Emma Willis has shut down rumours the show would be returning on ITV. During an appearance on This Morning recently, she explained: "I miss it so much, but I do think it needs longer [off air]. It needs a bit more of a rest, I think. “I think if you go back to day dot when it first started and how it just took all of us by storm, it was just phenomenal. "If it can do that again, and if it went back to that, I mean, it would be amazing, wouldn't it?" she admitted. DON'T MISS...Alison Hammond shuts down Dermot in awkward relationship probe [INSIGHT]Alison Hammond's fear when she first joined This Morning [LATEST]Alison Hammond feared she'd 'killed' This Morning co-star  [MORE] Emma went on: “Everybody wants it back! I think it will come back when it's ready, maybe it's not ready yet. If you're gonna do it again, you've got to do it fantastically well. "Hopefully, there's somebody beavering away somewhere that is coming up with an amazing plan for it, but I don't know anything about it if they are!" A TV source spoke out about the rumours and told The Sun: "ITV is the home of big appointment telly. They know better than anyone how to put on big live events. "They think putting it on ITV2 will open it up to a new audience and legion of younger fans. They are really keen on getting the deal done on Big Brother and hope to have something firm to announce soon. "The talks are still at an early and delicate stage, and the next few weeks will be key, [and] it needs the full treatment, and they're confident they are the ones who can return it to its legendary former glory. "It has millions of fans and is one of the most iconic TV shows of its generation." Alison joined the This Morning team in 2003 and she has become a fan-favourite presenter. The star is known and loved for her infectious laugh and her light-hearted conversation. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV