Jacob (played by Joe-Warren Plant) has been seen recently on Emmerdale, talking with the likes of David Metcalfe (Matthew Wolfenden) and Leyla Harding (Roxy Shahidi) about his plans to go to university. Apart from this, he hasn't had a big storyline of his own since he was accused of stalking Chloe Harris (Jessica Elland) before it was revealed the culprit was Noah Dingle (Jack Downham). The young man has never had much luck on the ITV soap and it seems things won't change when he gets a new girlfriend, who might be the worst person he could have chosen to fall in love with. Last week, Nicola (Nicola Wheeler), was assaulted by a group of girls on her way home from a day out with Bernice Blackstock (Samatha Giles) and Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy). The attack left her hospitalised as the ring leader of the group kicked her to within an inch of her life, causing the beloved character serious trauma. Nicola has now become scared to even leave her house because she knows the girls who attacked her have her driving licence with her address on it. Knowing they could come back to finish the job at any time, the councillor will begin to spiral as she loses control due to her fear. What could amplify this, even more, is if she sees the ring leader and the main attacker walking around the village one day. READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen Nicola would think this is because the girl has tracked her down to Emmerdale and wants revenge for getting the police involved. However, Nicola wasn't able to give the police a proper description of the girls so they would be able to walk around freely. It could be the ring leader is actually in the village to visit her boyfriend, Jacob, who she has just started dating. Watching from the window of her home, Nicola would be horrified to learn her attacker will be spending more time in the Dales. She will think she can never leave the house again, knowing full well her attacker could pounce at any time if she saw her. Following the attack in this week's episodes, viewers have been convinced the attacker will have a link to the village somehow. Taking to Twitter, Ryan wrote: "Poor Nicola hopefully she'll get the bottom of who attacked her. The attack has changed her forever. "This attack seems really random. I wonder if Nicola knows one of those girls?" he added. Queak posted: "Have a feeling it’s April [Windsor's] bully saying sorry at the end or the young girl who has issues with her appearance." Maggie commented: "Nicola will recognise those trainers on someone she knows." DON'T MISS...Danny Miller unveils new role after quitting Emmerdale for ‘new path’ [COMMENT]Charley Webb fears getting into trouble as she teases new role [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker wows fans in eye-popping display [PICTURES] Therefore, will the person who attacked Nicola show themselves and will the beloved character have the courage to report her? If Nicola were to go to the police and Jacob was the girl's boyfriend, he would try to defend the woman he loves to the end. The young man could even supply his new beau with an alibi to make it seem they were together the night of the attack. He would know full well she wasn't with him at the time but he wouldn't want another love interest to be taken away from him. Will Jacob do just about anything to keep Nicola's attacker out of jail? The actress who plays Nicola and has the same name, Nicola, has spoken about her character's traumatising storyline. Discussing working with the new cast members who beat her alter-ego, the soap star said: "The girls who attacked Nicola were so lovely. "They were a group of young girls, they were ace. They were actually quite menacing because we were laughing about the fact we were in a car park in Bradford. "We were warned there was going to be a heat wave and well, it didn't come to Bradford that day. It was baltic and it was blowing a gale through the car park. "And I felt so sorry for these girls because the idea was they were on an 18th birthday drinking party? Nicola continued: "They were all in little skirts and barely any clothes and it was really freezing. "The girl who plays the ringleader, Sarah, she made contact with me [when attacking] but she was doing that kind of kick where you pull your foot back. "So she didn't actually hurt me, but I heard her gasp as she did and then afterwards she was like, 'I'm so sorry. I'm sorry.' "She didn't hurt me but she didn't actually contact me for one of the kicks." Will the ringleader's identity finally be exposed in the next few weeks and will Nicola get justice for what happened to her? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.