Whether you're on the cream first or jam first side of the debate, the delicious addition of buttermilk to this recipe will cause harmony around your Jubilee party table. Created by expert baker Karen Burns-Booth, they include currants, raisins, and sultanas. Karen is the baker behind Lavender and Lovage. She is also the author of the cookbook Lavender & Lovage: A Culinary Notebook of Memories & Recipes From Home & Abroad. Karen has lived overseas in South Africa, where she was born, and in Hong Kong, Cyprus, Germany, the USA, and France. She told Express.co.uk readers: "Eat these hot, split, and spread with fresh churned butter, fresh cream, and homemade jam." READ MORE: Gravy recipe: 'Make the gravy taste like it's been cooking for hours' DON'T MISS'Maximum crispness': Roast potato recipe and fresh herbs tip [HOW TO COOK] Delicious vegan gravy 'from scratch' with a 'secret ingredient' [FOOD] How to make the 'perfect' Aperol Spritz for the Jubilee weekend [RECIPE] 1. Sift together the flour, salt and baking powder into a bowl and add the sugar and butter. 2. Rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. 3. Gradually mix in the egg and buttermilk mixture to make a dough, saving any excess to glaze the tops of the scones. Add your fruit. 4. Gently knead the dough on a lightly floured work surface until smooth. 5. Roll out the dough to about 1/2″ thick, then cut out 2″ rounds with a plain or fluted cutter, kneading and re-rolling the dough until it is all used up. 6. Arrange scones on baking sheets then brush tops with the milk and egg mixture. Bake in the oven at 230°C (450°F) mark 8 for 10 to 15 minutes, until well risen and lightly golden. Cool on a wire rack. 7. Whip the fresh cream until stiff. Split the scones and fill with butter, jam and fresh cream. For those with a savory tooth, Karen shared her cheesy ploughman's sausage roll recipe with delicious cheese and chutney twist. It calls for onions, pork sausages, chutney and extra mature Chedder cheese. Karen has shared a number of other recipes for the Jubilee on her website. This includes royal elderflower and lemon curd butterfly cakes and a vintage recipe, Queen Cakes.