Netflix has confirmed a second season of The Lincoln Lawyer is on the way, with Queen of the South’s Dailyn Rodriguez signing on as executive producer and co-showrunner. The former head of the hit USA Network series has recently taken to Twitter to celebrate her exciting next career move. Dailyn posted on Twitter to confirm her involvement in the next season of Netflix’s The Lincoln Lawyer revamp. “It’s official!” she told her 5,827 followers. “So excited!” After noting the image of herself used for the announcement, she joked: “Also, every time I look at the picture I just lament the loss of this necklace.” The Queen of the South showrunner took over the Alice Braga-led cartel series for its fourth and fifth seasons. READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen Now the series has come to an end, it hasn’t taken long for the crime drama aficionado to land her next project. She’ll now be joining returning showrunner Ted Humphrey for the second season, based on the fourth book in Michael Connelly’s series, The Fifth Witness. Michael’s first book initially formed the basis of the 2011 film of the same name, starring Matthew McConaughey as Mickey Haller. Mexican actor Manuel Garcia-Rulfo has taken over the role for the new series, alongside Scream star Neve Campbell, Becki Newton, Jazz Raycole, and Angus Simpson. Netflix has confirmed all the main cast will be returning for The Lincoln Lawyer’s 10-episode second season. The series follows Mickey, a recovering addict and Los Angeles attorney, who receives support from his ex-wives, his driver and investigator Cisco (Sampson). The first season was based on Michael’s second book in the series, The Brass Verdict. Fans of Queen of the South have since taken to Dailyn’s Twitter post to congratulate the writer-producer on her new Netflix gig. DON'T MISS:NCIS’ Michael Weatherly announces new venture after Bull [LATEST]The Last Kingdom’s Edward star pays tribute to Sonya Cassidy [TRIBUTE]SEAL Team’s Max Thieriot’s status confirmed after landing new role [UPDATE] Farrah Fazal replied: “So incredibly happy for you! An already brilliant show just became exponentially more brilliant. Congratulations.” Teresa Jusino added: “YEEEEEES! Love seeing Latina showrunners doing the damn thing! Congratulations!” Josh Gelb said: “Really great take on the IP. I am loving it so far. Congrats on the renewal.” And @TravelNomad wrote: “Wow... congrats. I binge-watched it last night and loved it...it deserves another 3 seasons!” The Lincoln Lawyer’s renewal shouldn’t come as a surprise after the first season debuted with rave reviews and strong ratings for the streamer. Following its May 13 premiere, it remained in Netflix’s Global Top Ten with a reported 260.53 million hours viewed as of June 10. It held fast in the Top 10 in 90 different countries, so millions of fans worldwide will be eagerly awaiting its return at some point next year. The Lincoln Lawyer season 1 and Queen of the South seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix.