The former rugby union player, 43, spoke about the atmosphere at Buckingham Palace last weekend when thousands of people lined The Mall to mark 70 years of the Queen’s reign. Among patriotic parades and carnivals was a spectacular star-studded concert with big names taking to the stage positioned outside Buckingham Palace. The event, also broadcast live on BBC One, featured songs from Duran Duran, contemporary dance act Diversity and even a heartfelt speech from Prince Charles. Mike has been married to Princess Anne’s daughter Zara for more than a decade and spent the long Jubilee weekend with the Royals. He was seen watching and enjoying the celebrations and events put on in honour of Her Majesty the Queen. Zinzan Brooke asked Mike on The Good The Bad and The Rugby podcast whether the Royal Family had a “debrief” after the major events of the weekend. He said: “Do you have a cup of tea at the end of it? Like after a good party, was there kind of a sense of ‘we’ve done it’, or was there a sense of ‘that was better than what we could have hoped for’, what was the family wash up?” Mike said after the pageant it was basically “Try and get out as quickly as you can”, but that after the concert there was a chance for the royals to reflect on the events. He said: “It was at the concert where there was a bit more of a chat together because we went in and had a drink with everyone after. I think the committee that put it together did an incredible job.” The podcast went onto the subject of who Mike was sat next to in the VIP boxes, being sat next to Labour leader Keir Starmer on one occasion, and Prime Minister Boris Johnson the next. READ MORE: Meghan Makle and Harry 'were 50 minutes late' not to be 'lumped' And then it touched on the “mischievous” scenes of Prince Louis, who was captured pulling faces at his mum, the Duchess of Cambridge. The four-year-old Prince was seen trying to cover his mum's mouth and blowing raspberries during the Sunday pageant. Mike added: “Louis was just wanting to have fun. And my two are always mischievous, so it was just trying to keep a lid on it. There were a lot of sweets out back though, so they had complete sugar-highs. "It was tough for them, they’re all young, asking them to sit in there from two until five is a long time. “As any parent knows, you just do whatever needs to be done.” DON'T MISSHave Your Say: Should Harry and Meghan visit the UK more? [COMMENT]Queen tipped to have taught George valuable lesson with Jubilee skit [INSIGHT]Kate sparks royal fans frenzy as she blows kiss to Prince Louis [WATCH] Kate Middleton, 40, was seen keeping a close eye on her son, with Mike leaning over to the young Prince to let him know that he too was “watching him” as the youngster pulled cheeky faces. Other special moments dubbed as a “highlight” by Mike included a special cousins lunch which was attended by the Royals on the Thursday evening. Mike was branded the “cool uncle” thanks to his cheeky Instagram pictures, which saw him don one of his wife’s hats on the second day of Jubilee celebrations. Mike and Zara married in 2011 after the palace announced their engagement in December 2010, and have three children together - Mia, Lena and Lucas. They live together in Gatcombe Park in the centre of the Cotswolds. The private country location covers a vast 700-acre estate, as reported by GloucestershireLive. Mike and Zara’s humble abode is one of numerous royal homes to be dotted around the site.