The Princess Royal had been seen just hours before arriving at St Paul’s Cathedral in central London with her husband Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence. Princess Anne wowed in a metallic sage green gown, stunning green hat, a taupe clutch bag and a bold red lip at the service.  But just hours later, she was spotted dressed down at Edinburgh Zoo in Scotland as she fed the penguins after heading back to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee. She joined children from Ukrainian orphanages for an animal handling session in the Rainforest Room at the zoo, before visiting the penguin enclosure with her husband. The pair visited the Scottish capital this afternoon following the morning celebrations in London. The 71-year-old also made a visit to HMS Albion where she was picture cutting a Jubilee cake with a ceremonial sword.  READ MORE: Platinum Jubilee: The Royal Family united for sake of her Majesty The photos showed Princess Anne beaming as she bent down to feed the penguins fish as families watched on in amazement. She wore a bright red jacket with navy trousers and reflective sunglasses for the visit. The pair visited the Penguins’ Rock enclosure at the zoo, which is home to gentoo, rockhopper and king penguins and proves to be popular amongst guests. They met staff including animal keeper Lisa Girot and fed the penguins with a blue whiting from a bucket.  DON'T MISS:Amanda Holden leaves viewers distracted with 'cringe' outfit [PICTURES]Geri Halliwell shares throwback snap of Spice Girls meeting Queen [INSIGHT]We must revel in this patriotic Jubilee fervour, says LEO MCKINSTRY [COMMENT] Tweeting from the Royal Family Twitter account, a spokesperson said: “It’s lunch time in the penguin enclosure at Edinburgh Zoo. The Princess Royal and Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence, who are in Scotland to celebrate the #PlatinumJubilee, helped the keeper feed the penguins.” Edinburgh Zoo also tweeted: “We were honoured HRH The Princess Royal visited us today as part of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations! She met some very important visitors (and some very curious residents too).” 