Liverpool are willing to put signing a new midfielder on hold until the summer of 2023. As a result, the likes of Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Naby Keita, James Milner, Curtis Jones are set to be handed new opportunities, following the lack of regular football last season. The Reds have already made three signings early this summer and are reportedly set to leave things there. The most recent arrivals being Calvin Ramsey and Darwin Nunez, after the signing of Fulham's Fabio Carvalho last month. While Jude Bellingham and Youri Tielemans are being heavily linked with a move to Anfield, the Reds are seemingly determined to stick with the midfield players they already have available. Oxlade-Chamberlain whose contract runs out next summer, is expected to step up and have an important role, meanwhile, Keita, Jones, and Milner who fell down the pecking order for Klopp, are also set to help the Reds’ push for silverware next year. Liverpool are well stocked in midfield with Milner recently penning a new one-year deal alongside Keita, Harvey Elliott, and Jones. But the Anfield officials did look at the possibility of strengthening their midfield further and were interested in doing so by signing Monaco star Aurelien Tchouameni before Real Madrid’s £68million swoop. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has five defenders on transfer shortlist  Klopp and Julian Ward are believed to be confident that the long-term solution in the middle of the pitch is Bellingham. But after Borussia Dortmund sold their star Erling Haaland to rivals Manchester City, the German giants are not willing to let the England international leave in the same transfer window and have therefore will reject any approaches for the 18-year-old. While Fabinho, Thiago Alcantara and Jordan Henderson are first choices for the Reds boss, taking the decision to wait another summer to complete the signing of Bellingham, shows the trust he has in his quartet of back-up options: Keita, Milner, Jones and Oxlade-Chamberlain. DON'T MISS Tottenham 'trying' to hijack Gabriel Jesus bid as Arsenal 'hold talks' Arsenal told to buy alternative Prem star despite Gabriel Jesus belief Arteta told he has already made Arsenal 'statement' before Jesus deal   With Keita, Milner and Oxlade-Chamberlain entering the final year of their contracts at Anfield, they will be keen to get given game time as much as possible, with their futures possibly depending on their efforts the upcoming season. But Klopp will have many options at his disposal with Carvalho and Elliott both versatile players that are capable of playing in a midfield three.   