Bargain Hunt is back on BBC One for a Queen's Platinum Jubilee special. Charlie Ross is joined by experts Nick Hall and Stephanie Connell as they offer advice to teams of royal enthusiasts. Charlie has been a staple part of the series for many years, but how long has he been on the show? Charlie Ross is given exclusive access to the royal carriages at the National Railway Museum in York in the upcoming episode. The antiques expert, 71, is still going strong in his TV role and he is known for his regular appearances on a number of antique programmes for the BBC. He has had a fascinating career, starting off with auctioning chickens and turkeys. He progressed to antique furniture and went on to open his own auction house. The star has worked all over the world and has conducted the Pebble Beach Vintage Car Auction in California. READ MORE: Natasha Raskin Sharp height: How tall is Bargain Hunt expert? Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the star said he has been an expert on Bargain Hunt for 10 years, and a presenter for seven. He is just about to celebrate his 72nd birthday and has no plans to step down any time soon. He said: "If David Attenborough can keep going so can I. "I think as long as I enjoy it I will carry on doing it, and as long as I am wanted to do it. "As long as no one says 'Who is that boring bugger? We don't want him anymore'." "I'm always full of energy so I have no plans to retire. Onwards and upwards. "I'm extremely lucky and privileged to be on the show." The star said he loved being part of such a friendly and efficient team and said they were like a family. One of his favourite parts of the job is engaging with the contestants and his fellow auctioneers. DON'T MISS... Bargain Hunt star Roo Irvine opens up on antiques addiction [INSIGHT] Anita Manning height: How tall is Bargain Hunt expert Anita Manning? [EXPLAINER] Eric Knowles nationality: What is Bargain Hunt expert's nationality? [INSIGHT] On why the show is so successful, he said: "Because of its warmth and its lack of aggression, a rare thing these days!" Fans may be interested to hear the antiques expert never intended on a career as an auctioneer. He initially wanted to be a dentist but did not manage to pass his exams for medical school. None of his family have any connection to the industry, so he had no idea it would become his passion. He worked as the chief auctioneer for the Russian art auction house MacDougall's. Away from antiques, the star has also raised thousands of pounds at charity auctions. His other TV roles include Flog It!, Antiques Road Trip and Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is. He is often seen in episodes of the TV show Chasing Classic Cars, as he has a passion for vintage vehicles. The star is married with two children, and he is a grandfather.  Bargain Hunt airs on BBC One at 12.15pm.