It follows reports that the Government’s “reasonable” worst-case scenario for such a move would leave as many as six million homes without power this winter. But Lord Martin Callanan, an energy and business minister, said while Germany had committed “a huge error” in its dependence on Russian fossil fuels, the UK was not as susceptible.  According to the Times, a minister recently said it expected electricity may have to be rationed if Russia were to cut supply to Europe. Nearly a quarter of British houses would reportedly face energy limits at peak times in the morning and evening. The curbs on consumption could last more than a month, it said, and would cause energy prices to rise again and harm the country’s GDP. However, Lord Martin Callanan, an energy and business minister, dismissed such claims. READ MORE: VDL left humiliated as flagship plot to reform EU energy is REJECTED He told Express.co.uk: “I don’t recognise that scenario. “Energy security is our top priority; our gas supplies are very stable. “We get a considerable amount from the North Sea; our other major supplier is of course Norway, which is also very stable; and we use some LNG [liquefied natural gas], which we’re securing. “Blackouts are not going to happen. We’re putting a huge amount of effort into ensuring that our energy security is ensured and stable.”  As well as supplies from a diverse range of sources, an “increasing proportion” of the UK’s energy is now coming from offshore renewable sources, he added, “and we’re massively expanding that”. Kwasi Kwarteng, the business secretary, also recently asked for three coal-powered stations to remain online past their planned September shut-down. When Putin invaded Ukraine 105 days ago, the UK’s dependence on Russian gas was estimated to be around four percent. Lord Callanan estimated that this was now around one or two percent, which he described as “very small quantities”.  DON'T MISS:It's time to move on and deliver for Britain, says Dominic Raab [COMMENT]Boris Johnson urged to make Jeremy Hunt Chancellor to form 'dream team' [UPDATE]The 3 desperate tax cuts Boris could make to save his leadership [INSIGHT] He said: “So we are considerably less vulnerable than most of the rest of Europe are because we are not dependent on Russia.” At the outset of the invasion, the EU relied on Russia for around 40 percent of its natural gas supply. Within that, Germany relied on it for around 55 percent of its consumption last year. Both the EU and Germany have announced plans to reduce their dependence on Russian fossil fuels to zero, the former by 2030. German Chancellor Olaf Scholz has pledged to reduce Germany’s dependence to around 10 percent by the middle of 2024.  However, both the EU and Germany have faced criticism – not only for allowing themselves to become so reliant on an unreliable source of energy, but for not moving off it quick enough. Russia makes around €400billion (£342billion) a year from the EU’s supply and the state owns several of its larger gas and oil producers. Fears have been raised that the continued arrangement was actively funding the war against Ukraine. Lord Callanan said: “Germany made some massive errors – firstly with nuclear, secondly making themselves so reliant on Russian production.”  Despite leaving the EU, Britain would still face blackouts if reports are to be believed, because Norway may have to halve exports to the UK to serve the higher demand from the EU. Lord Callanan, a former Brexit minister, explained: “We’re subject to the vagaries of international energy pricing because clearly our energy market is linked to theirs.” 