Speaking to Nigel Farage on GB News, the former Conservative Party leader said this was “a really good opportunity” to stop referring to the ECHR for decisions on human rights and enact a Bill of Rights to allow Britain to govern themselves. He called for “bold” action that would “bring the decisions back to the UK” and prevent anonymous European judges from overturning Supreme Court rulings from “deep in the bowels of the court of rights”.    Sir Iain said: “The first thing we have to have is a proper, UK Bill of Rights that gives people access to their rights but here in the UK judged by UK courts. That’s the first thing. “And then after that, we should be in the position to say ‘Look, we will stick by what our basic human rights codes are but we don’t need to refer anything, or get a referral back from the court that is exactly the ECHR court’. “We should simply say that we can do it here in the UK. And that’s a debate we should have and settle and get that through. “I think we signed up to the ECHR but I don’t think we should actually accept their judgements from their courts.    “In essence, we’ll create our own version, which will be run by UK judges. That’s the key element that we have to do and it’s got to be bold. “Are we saying this nameless judge from deep in the bowels of the court of rights was able to cancel on a whim the ruling that this was okay and lawful by all the learned judges from the Supreme Court? Yes. “That has caused complete mayhem and that has to stop. So this is really a good opportunity to say enough is enough, and bring the decisions back to the UK.” READ MORE: Why Prince Charles and Camilla's Rwanda trip will be a royal first [INSIGHT]   Deputy prime minister Dominic Raab is set to introduce proposed legislation to Parliament on Wednesday that could undermine ECHR authority in the UK. It comes after the Strasbourg court disrupted the Government's controversial flagship policy for asylum seekers who arrive in unauthorised journeys. The first flight set for Rwanda, where illegal economic migrants would be processed and reside indefinitely, was halted last week while on the runway. The deputy PM wants the successor to the Human Rights Act to assert that British courts do not always need to follow case law from Strasbourg and that the Supreme Court in London is the ultimate decision-maker on human rights issues. And the legislation would confirm that interim measures such as the one issued over the Rwanda policy are not binding on UK courts. DON'T MISS: Over 2,000 migrants picked up in Channel since the start of June [REVEAL]Rwanda: Once more the we-know-better London elite rears ugly head [REPORT] GMB viewers demand Richard Madeley be removed over Rwanda question [REPORT]   Mr Raab, who is also Justice Secretary, said: "The Bill of Rights will strengthen our UK tradition of freedom whilst injecting a healthy dose of common sense into the system. "These reforms will reinforce freedom of speech, enable us to deport more foreign offenders and better protect the public from dangerous criminals." He stepped back from demands from some Conservative MPs to pull out of the European Convention on Human Rights. Labour, however, warned the "con" would take rights away by removing a key obligation that has allowed women to force police to investigate rapes and for families seeking justice after atrocities such as Hillsborough.   