Jacquie Beltrao, 57, has retaliated after a Twitter troll criticised her appearance on Saturday evening. The presenter was clearly taken aback when a user, named John, wrote in a now-deleted tweet: “Have to switch off Sky News when Jacquie is on. “Has a face like a bulldog chewing a wasp.”Jacquie was left unamused by the comment and promptly retaliated with a quip of her own.She said sarcastically in view of her 93,000 followers: “You seem like a nice person.“You must have many friends!” READ MORE:Julie Andrews hasn't aged a day but Sound of Music kids unrecognisable Following the exchange, dozens of Jacquie’s fans rushed to the comments to defend her.Chris applauded: “Classic reply Jacquie!”Marie echoed: “How cruel! Sorry you have to read things like this.“As my mum says, if you can’t say anything nice don’t say anything at all. We all love you in our house.” While Neil wrote: “You are lovely Jacquie, take no notice.”And Donna raged: “What a cheeky b*****d! We love you Jacquie.”Later in the evening, Jacquie took the opportunity to thank her loyal viewers for having her back.She penned: “Thanks for the backup guys but honestly, it’s fine. DON'T MISSJustin Bieber's health shock as face left paralysed [LATEST]Kate Garraway looks regal in same dress Princess Beatrice wore on GMB[PICTURES]Penny Lancaster stuns as she bids sweet farewell to Rod Stewart[INSIGHT] “People are entitled to their opinion. What matters is I’m good, healthy and fit to work and I’m grateful for that even if the alarm says 3.45 (and my bottom teeth are crooked)!!  “See you in the morning hopefully.”It comes after Jacquie was diagnosed with breast cancer for the second time in 2020, after first beating the condition in 2014.In a tweet shared in February, Jacquie explained that she is “living on a tightrope” but had received good test results.In messages written on pieces of paper, Jacquie said: “This #breakingnews is the only news I wanted this weekend. “I live on a tightrope - scan to scan - living life in chunks of 3 months.“Thank you everyone on here for your support & positivity - makes a difference."The scans are in and… I got NOTHING! Yay me!”The scan showed that her cancer was no longer there, but she added that she knows it doesn’t mean she is fully cured.