Williams Formula 1 star Alex Albon has suggested his dual nationality means he is only considered British when he is performing well while he is Thai when losing. The 26-year-old became the first Thai F1 driver in the world championship’s modern era when he made his debut with Toro Rosso, and became the first Thai driver in F1 history to stand on the podium after finishing third at the 2020 Tuscan Grand Prix. Ahead of the British Grand Prix at Silverstone, Albon is looking to repair his reputation after losing his seat at Red Bull to Sergio Perez following a frustrating season alongside Max Verstappen. Albon contributed to the development of the 2021 car which the Dutchman secured the world title aboard, and subsequently secured a return to the sport with Williams. Albon opted to represent Thailand over Britain due to sponsorship advantages although he admitted he considers himself Thai as he spent ‘a lot of time’ in the Asian nation. While he conceded he would have a dual racing license if it were possible, Albon declared driving under the Thai flag has its perks. “I think I’m in a good place because I don’t get attacked too much by the British media,” Albon told Crash.net. “Well it depends, either I’m called the London-born Thai if I do a good job, or I’m not British at all if I do a bad job!” READ MORE: Horner called out over constant FIA complaints as Mercedes point made Asked if he feels accepted by British fans despite opting to represent Thailand, Albon said: “I do, definitely. Firstly, that’s partly due to how big F1 is in the UK. But yes, I do feel like that. “Especially when I am in England, it’s where I get noticed the most and I see a lot of people that are passionate about the sport, which is great.” This weekend will mark Albon’s third appearance in F1’s British Grand Prix. It’s a somewhat confusing time for the young man, as he grew up in Surrey and currently splits his time between Milton Keynes and Monaco. Fans would be forgiven for thinking the Williams star would consider this weekend’s event as his home race, but Albon thinks otherwise. He added: “I would call it a second home race. DON'T MISSDamon Hill disagrees with Hamilton and Wolff as Mercedes sent adviceGoodwood Festival of Speed returns this weekend - what to expectDamon Hill drives father Graham’s Formula One car “It’s as much of a home race as Singapore is. But I have a close connection with the UK and with Silverstone. I live 25 minutes away from Silverstone, at least my family do. “Strangely enough, I haven’t actually driven that many times around Silverstone. But I live close by.” Albon has bagged himself three points - including a stunning drive in Saudi Arabia - in 2022 as he has impressed for Williams. The 22-race F1 2022 campaign continues with the British Grand Prix at Silverstone on July 3.