The Princess Royal, 71, appeared alongside Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall in the royal procession at Royal Ascot on Tuesday afternoon. The Prince of Wales, 73, arrived in the first carriage of the entourage alongside his wife.   Princess Anne was joined by her son, Peter Phillips, although her daughter Zara Tindall was absent from the event. Peter did not sit in the same carriage as his mother, however, arriving in the very first vehicle alongside the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall. Arriving in the second carriage were the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, along with Prince and Princess Michael of Kent. Princess Anne, arriving third, travelled with The Lord de Mauley and Mr and Mrs William Nunneley.  They were then followed by the Earl and Countess of Hopetoun and Mr Tom Hooper and The Lady Alexandra Hooper. The carriages then circled the Parade Ring of the racecourse. Speaking on ITV's coverage, royal commentators praised the Queen's eldest daughter for standing for the "continuity" of the Firm, after the monarch pulled out of the key event of the royal calendar.  Princess Beatrice, Princess Anne's niece, is also attending the first day of Ascot with her husband, Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan and Harry touted for Strictly appearance The Queen, 96, who is suffering from mobility issues, did not attend the first day of the races at Ascot. However, she wrote a message to the public, with many still hoping to see Her Majesty in the coming days. The Queen penned: "After the challenges of recent times, this year's royal meeting provides a long-awaited opportunity for supporters of racing from all over the world to come together for five days of outstanding sport." She added: "Once again, it is thrilling that horses from around the globe have travelled to Royal Ascot to compete at the highest level." DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Alarmed' William looked 'miserable' after row [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew have his royal status reinstated? [POLL] Meghan and Harry ‘would not have been missed’ from Jubilee [REVEAL] The Queen's absence comes after the monarch skipped the public procession to mark Garter Day on Monday. The day is a staple of the Royal Family diary, and this year saw the Duchess of Cornwall invested as a Royal Lady of the Order of the Garter. The Queen was later pictured with a walking stick after attending the private lunch and the investiture ceremony. The picture, taken shortly before the service at St George's Chapel, Windsor, showed the Queen in a silver gown between the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall. The event was the first time the Queen has been seen since the Platinum Jubilee celebrations at the start of the month. 