Sebastian Vettel could be offered a new deal at Aston Martin despite suggestions the four-time world champion wants to leave F1. Aston Martin boss Mike Krack said the team wanted him to stay for the long term but explained they were waiting to see if Vettel wanted to continue. Vettel has previously revealed he would decide on his F1 future during the summer break. However, Krack has confirmed the pair were in talks over a new contract but stressed no deadlines for making decisions have yet been made. Krack said: “We were always clear that if he wants to continue, we would like him to stay for long, yes. We are talking. We have a very, very good relationship, and it is not that we have to set each other deadlines. “Obviously at one point, if we drag that too long, we will also be running into trouble, and he’s aware of that. But they are very trustworthy discussions that we are having. From that point of view, it’s all good.” READ MORE: Max Verstappen told he's not like Lewis Hamilton or two other drivers Vettel spoke openly about his future at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix, claiming he had not yet decided on whether he wanted to remain on the grid. The four-time champion admitted there were bits he didn’t like about being in F1 such as being away from his family. The 34-year-old said his decision would be based on what happened in the upcoming races and set the summer as a natural deadline. He told the Press Association: “I enjoy driving the car but there are other things I don't like. "After so many years, the usual stuff comes up that you don't understand at the beginning, like the travel. It is very time consuming and I have kids at home and a family, so it equals time away from them. The future depends on this year and the races that I have coming up. I have not decided yet. The summer is the usual time when you start to talk so we will see.” DON'T MISSSebastian Vettel booed by Canadian GP crowd during drivers' parade [INSIGHT]Ted Kravitz calls out Sebastian Vettel for promoting oil company [ANALYSIS]Sebastian Vettel branded a 'hypocrite' by Canadian minister  [COMMENT] Vettel has struggled to get in amongst the points this season with just 13 scored over the first nine races. At the same stage last season, the German had 30 points to his name. Several pundits have also claimed Vettel could walk away at the end of the 2022 season. Former German F1 star Ralf Schumacher predicted Vrere would quit back in May, suggesting the move to Aston Martin went “wrong”. He said: “I don't think Sebastian will drive at Aston Martin beyond the year. This [move] went in the wrong direction. “My prognosis is that he will retire at the end of the year and devote himself to all the environmental issues that are very important to him."