The state pension is set to increase in April 2023, but some are dissatisfied with waiting for that length of time. As a result, a petition has been established to bring forward the state pension rise to November 2023. Posted on the Parliament website, it is entitled: “Bring forward the April 2023 state pension increase”. It cites numerous factors as to why this action should be taken by the Government. The petition reads: “In view of the cost of living crisis, and energy price hikes affecting pensioners, the Government should bring forward the April 2023 pension increase to November of this year. “This would partly alleviate next winter's energy costs.” READ MORE: Dragons’ Den pitch labelled ‘ridiculous’ is now the ’top ever brand' The petition highlights state pension increases typically take place in April. This is traditionally the case, as April marks the start of a new tax year in the UK. However, the increases are based on the triple lock mechanism which takes into account two other factors aside from 2.5 percent. Other than this measure, state pension increases are measured by either average earnings from the preceding May to July, or inflation for the year ending the previous September. DON'T MISSRetirement and me: Postmistress, 92, continues to work and enjoys it [INSIGHT]State pensioners warned ‘do not ignore letters’ as payment change due [LATEST]How you could become an asset ‘millionaire’ using your ISA [EXCLUSIVE] It is a retrospective look at the year which dictates how much the state pension rises by. The triple lock, however, was temporarily suspended this year due to warped earnings data as a result of COVID-19. It meant a 3.1 percent increase was implemented in April as this was the inflation figure recorded in September 2021. The triple lock will return next year, and with inflation set to soar, pensioners are hopeful for a substantial increase to their sum. However, some pensioners are insistent this rise should be brought forward to protect older people in this challenging time. The petition continues: “Due to the massive increase in energy costs plus cost of living increases, the Government must bring forward the annual increase in the state pension to November of this year. “Such a move should help to lessen the severe impact of energy costs in particular. “If nothing is done to help pensioners, some may not survive through the winter.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea At present, the petition has only garnered 22 signatures as of the time of writing. This means it falls short of the 10,000 signatures needed by any Parliament petition for a Government response. However, the petition has until November 5, 2022 to garner signatures. At 100,000 signatures, petitions are considered for debate within Parliament. Express.co.uk contacted the Department for Work and Pensions, who declined to comment.