There are numerous benefits to being physically active and doctors recommend increasing it in order to lose weight quicker. Adults who sit less and partake in moderate or high intensity physical activity, are more likely to shift the pounds quicker than just modifying their diet alone. Dr Cedrina Calder explained: "Not only should you modify your diet, but you need to increase your amount of physical activity. "If you're not doing anything, you want to slowly increase your physical activity for a period of time and aim for the recommended amount of 150 minutes of physical activity per week." And she quashed the myth that a person must go to the gym in order to become more active and lose weight. She added: "People say that in order to do physical activity, you have to have a gym membership, and that's not true. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "You can do physical activity by doing household chores, mowing your lawn, watering, cleaning around the house, taking a walk. "Any type of movement is physical activity. "It doesn't have to be going to a gym and getting on a machine." By doing more physical activity, it increases the number of calories the body uses for energy or burns off. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] This, combined with reducing the number of calories a person eats then creates a calorie deficit, which results in weight loss. To be in a calorie deficit, a person must consume fewer calories than they are burning over time. So, if a slimmer burns 2000 calories a day and only consumes 1500 calories, they will be in a 500 calorie deficit. Benefits of being physically active include: Weight control Combatting health a host of conditions and diseases Improving moods Boosting energy Promoting better sleep Strengthening bones and muscles  Dr Calder suggests trying out new activities if a person finds themselves getting bored of the usual. These could include: Dancing Water aerobics Horse riding