  Tom Hanks raged at aggressive fans after they caused his wife Rita to stumble when they were leaving a restaurant in New York City last week. Since then, some fans have drawn comparisons between the Elvis actor and Will Smith.      Last Wednesday night, Tom yelled at a fan after he caused his wife Rita to stumble as they were leaving a restaurant in midtown New York. Tom and Rita were swarmed by movie lovers taking pictures of them as they made their way to a car in the US city that evening, but the fans got a bit too close for comfort. When one fan caused Rita to trip, Tom yelled: “Back the f*** up! “Knocking over my wife?!” the actor asked incredulously. READ MORE: Dame Deborah James' fearless efforts as she plans out final days      “Sorry about that Tom!” a couple of the men present at the scene shouted to the movie star. “What are they doing out here?” another asked, as the star was helped into his car. After footage of the incident went viral, a number of people couldn’t help but compare Tom’s actions to Will’s infamous Oscars slap. Plenty of people stood behind Tom, with Mike Sington writing: “Tom Hanks momentarily, and understandably, loses his nice guy persona as over eager fans practically knock over his wife Rita Wilson.”       While others claimed Tom had done the right thing in comparison to Will, who slapped comedian Chris Rock on the Oscars stage after he cracked a joke about his wife Jada Pinkett Smith. KoldIKonoklas tweeted: “Will Smith should be taking notes. Tom Hanks saw the problem and immediately took control of the situation. “This is how you stop people from messing with your wife. “And not by having a meltdown then slapping the dude in front of a camera for all people to see.” READ MORE... Brian May bids farewell to London after wrapping up tour [INSIGHT] Monty Don in woeful farewell before Gardeners' World is pulled off air [NEWS] Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen vows to wear 'inappropriate clothing' [NEWS]      JunkieBigBro penned: “This is how you defend your wife Will Smith. No need to hit. No need to cause a scene. “Straight, to the point, remove yourself, the end. Take tips from Tom Hanks.” (sic) Bill Lynch added: “Tom Hanks handled things better than Will Smith.” Meanwhile, a couple of people felt that Tom being applauded for his actions was unfair in regards to Will. DarkFromDay wrote: “Tom Hanks swears at people for harming his wife: *audience crickets*       “Will Smith swears at a person for harming his wife: *shrill audience screaming* However, Jimmy Brown fired back: “Will Smith: hits a comedian for making jokes about his wife. “Tom Hanks: yells at folk who get too close and accidentally cause his wife to trip. “Idiots: those two incidents are exactly the same!” Will shocked his fellow celebrities and audiences at home when he walked up on stage and slapped Chris after he made a joke about Jada, before returning to his seat and yelling: “Keep my wife’s name out of your f*****g mouth.” Chris has decided not to press charges against Will, who has since apologised to the comedian.   