Manchester United fans are starting to grow impatient. After a woeful season under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick, fans wanted the club to act swiftly. But with Yves Bissouma nearing a move to Tottenham, anger towards the Glazers is starting to grow in volume once again. It has emerged on Tuesday that Tottenham are on the verge of signing Bissouma, having agreed to pay £25million for the midfielder. He’s poised to become Spurs’ third signing after Ivan Perisic and Fraser Forster, who have touched down from Inter Milan and Southampton respectively. Manchester City have landed Erling Haaland already, Liverpool will unveil Darwin Nunez shortly and Arsenal have snapped up Marquinhos from Sao Paulo. United, in contrast, are yet to bring anybody in. And that’s despite the Red Devils finishing sixth last term and losing the likes of Nemanja Matic, Paul Pogba, Edinson Cavani and Juan Mata on free transfers. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer Now, United fans have been taking to Twitter to express their rage after it was revealed Tottenham were close to making Bissouma their third new recruit of the summer. User @Elliott_h123 said: “Spurs signing Bissouma for £25m while Matic, Pogba and Mata have already gone & we are currently left with McTominay, Fred, Bruno & VDB - The Glazers never fail to amaze me!! “A midfield of Bissouma - De Jong - Bruno would have been 1 of the best trios in the PL.” User @JonnyLeck97 said: “Spurs are snapping up Bissouma for a bargain of a price, for their 3rd transfer this summer. “Meanwhile United are stuttering over one deal, incapable of negotiating for multiple transfers at once. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links “With the Glazers leeching more money out of the club. Shambles. #GlazersOut.” Another user, @IC3BlackPhoenix, weighed in with: “While the Glazers sleep in bed. Spurs have gone & snapped up Bissouma for £25 million. “Would have been a fantastic signing for #MUFC especially as we are running on a bare bones budget but hey let's blow it all on trying sign De Jong who'll probably end up with Pep at Man City.” @ManUtdTalk ranted by saying: “I would feel a lot better going into the season with Bissouma & De Jong added to our midfield. “Wouldn’t leave us wide open. Would settle the defence down a lot. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “But, we’ll chase De Jong all summer and run out of time. Joel Glazer things.” @FinnlayLowry expressed their rage by saying: “Spurs have just signed Bissouma in a matter of hours without anyone knowing or leaking yet Utd who are simply interested in FDJ have had it leaked for months. “One club cares about the club and One cares about clicks and exposure. #GlazersOut.” And @Stato291 said: “Spurs getting Bissouma and now City going De Jong. “Glazers are taking Utd to a new low #MUFC #GlazersOut.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United chiefs have called for patience as they conduct their business. And they’re already annoyed at fans for getting on their back. But with the transfer window now open, and many gaps in the squad in need of being filled, tempers are rising. The Glazers, if they fail to do enough, will face renewed calls to lose their position as owners the moment the new season starts. Whether they can meet the expectations of fans, at the current moment in time, is certainly unclear.