Nick Kyrgios called out a fan in the "rowdy" crowd after securing a five-set victory over British wildcard Paul Jubb at Wimbledon on Tuesday. The Aussie was in high spirits following the three-hour match despite ranting about court conditions, line officials and spectators several times - and opened up on his locker room chats with Andy Murray. Kyrgious outlasted Jubb in more than three hours in his opening match at Wimbledon, dispatching the home favourite 3-6 6-1 7-5 6-7(3) 7-5. But the 27-year-old's antics made the match even more of a rollercoaster than the scoreline suggested as he ranted to the umpire about spectators, called a line official a "snitch" and complained that the court had been made too slow. But the controversial Australian appeared in better spirits during his on-court interview as he took a swipe at certain fans before joking about his on-court behaviour and sharing an insight into his friendship with Andy Murray. "It was incredibly tough, obviously he’s a local wildcard, he had nothing to lose, he enjoyed the moment, played some exceptional tennis at times," he said of Jubb. The former quarter-finalist at the All England Club then took a swipe at the spectators as he added: "The crowd was rowdy today, a couple people in the crowd not shy of criticising me so that one was for you. You know who you are." JUST IN Raducanu told four key things to do to challenge Swiatek at Wimbledon  Despite his antics during the match, Kyrgios enjoyed a nice exchange at the net with Jubb and said afterwards that the 22-year-old was "gonna be a good player for sure." But the six-time title winner still thought he would have struggled if he lost the match, adding: "It’s a lot of fun, obviously Wimbledon the last couple years has been a strange one - bubble last year, this year no ranking points but it’s obviously special coming out each time. "I thought I was gonna go down there for a bit and that would’ve been a tough, tough one to take." Kyrgios was also asked whether he'd consider commentary as a career in his retirement thanks to his habit of talking to himself on the court. "Maybe," he laughed. "I just talk a lot on court but off the court I'm not too bad but on the court it’s crazy. But you know, if they pay me well enough I’ll probably do it." DON'T MISSMatteo Berrettini withdrawal helps Rafa Nadal and two others in crisisEmma Raducanu's opponent fires Wimbledon crowd warningAndy Murray 'strange' and 'shocking' tactic called out by Tim Henman   Kyrgios also threw in some of his trademark tweeners and underarm serves on Tuesday, and was asked about his good friend Murray's attempt at one of the serves in his own opening match against James Duckworth on Monday. "I heard about it but I didn’t actually see it and apparently he won the point," he smmiled. "I asked about it in the locker room and I said oh it’s pretty bad but he said he won it. We have some good chats in the locker room." The 27-year-old also said it was good to see the Brit back in action at his home Grand Slam, having lost to him recently in Stuttgart. 