The Moon will continue its transit in sensitive Cancer until 7.37pm BST, and while orbiting in this energy, you might be drawn closer to binding tighter emotional connections. Home and family matters will be in stronger focus than usual, and you might be more prone to taking on a more defensive approach. But, sensitive emotions should lessen as the Moon moves into Leo later today. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for June 2. The Moon is due to align with Uranus late morning, which should help you “release and let go”, boosting your capacity to embrace different ideas. Cafe Astrology said: “New techniques or options can emerge, and while the Cancer Moon is traditional and sentimental, we’re not against some minor changes or novel approaches.” The Cancer Moon is sensitive, cautious, receptive, and protective, whereas the Leo Moon is bold, dramatic, positive and energetic. So, expect a stark change in vibe when the Moon moves into Leo at 7.37pm. READ MORE: 5 animal statues to bring good luck into your home  Emotions are generally upbeat during a Leo Moon, and you won’t do things by halves. However, impulsivity might come a little bit easier for you, which comes with its own pros and cons. Astrology TV said: “The fire energy of Leo is passionate and exciting, so it’s easy to over-react during a Leo Moon. “Fortunately, such over-reactions are usually on the positive end of the scale, but a need for attention and drama can create tantrums too.”  Leo is a fixed sign, so the emotional energy of the Moon in Leo tends to be fixed too. This means you might feel slightly less comfortable making any big changes. Although, the Leo energy is useful for creative projects of all kinds, and the need to more genuinely express yourself will prevail during these transits. This is because, in astrology, Leo rules over creative self-expression, as well as leadership. A Leo Moon ”encourages us to hyper-focus on a passion and see how we can relate to it in a fun way”, according to Emerald Astrology. DON'T MISS: 'Avoid these shades' Colour psychology expert reveals best room colour [ANALYSIS]Vitamin D levels linked to higher risk of miscarriage [EXPLAINED]Cancer warning: Three vitamin supplements linked to lung cancer risk [INSIGHT]    It continued: “We get to reflect on how to incorporate our interests into our lives and eventually share it with others.” “As the Moon transit this sign, we feel the need to shine and may even notice people with big personalities or in a position of power.” With this newfound cognisance comes inspiration, and it might lure you to aim for more far-reaching goals.  However, since Leo likes to go big, it can also mean you might be more prone to overdoing it, so it’s important to take a step back and not make any rash decisions as it can result in unnecessary drama. Tarot.com said: “Leo craves attention and adoration, so a Leo Moon could leave you feeling more insecure than usual, which could lead to a dramatic flare-up if your needs aren’t met.” If you are a bit more sensitive and vulnerable during this transit, ask those around you for reassurance. 