Martin Clunes, 60, has been a familiar face on British TV screens recently, appearing on Martin Clunes: Islands of the Pacific, amongst other programmes. Fans of the TV presenter will have noticed the 60-year-old’s incredible weight loss. Recently, Martin unveiled he managed to lose a huge three stone in just months, thanks to a special diet. The actor decided to do something about his weight because he felt unhealthy, and his body was in pain. “I was fat – and while I was getting heavy, I had tired knees and stuff,” he told Mail Online. “So, I thought I’d try that diet and the weight came off. READ MORE: Woman lost incredible 16 stone after being 'treated like an animal' “I lost about three stone in as many months. “It’s great – and it’s supposed to be good for cholesterol, too.” The diet Martin was referring to was the 5:2 diet, which involves intermittent fasting. Made popular by Doctor Michael Mosley, the diet is also known as The Fast Diet – due to the fact it helps slimmers to lose weight rapidly. DON'T MISS:Best way to store bananas - perfectly yellow and edible for 15 days [HACKS]Menopausal skincare: How to reduce redness and manage hot flushes [VIDEO]How Meghan Markle showed ‘the world she was nervous’ [BODY LANGUAGE] People following the diet usually eat a normal amount of food for five days, and restrict their eating for the other two days. The restrictive days usually involve an individual eating 500 to 600 calories per day, according to Healthline. Unlike many other diets, dieters do not need to eat or avoid certain foods – the 5:2 diet is about when you eat, rather than what you eat. After losing three stone, Martin has managed to maintain his ideal weight by following another diet – the 6:1 diet. He explained: “Now I do 6:1 and that seems to work fine. I eat anything I want on the other days. “It’s easy and seems to keep the weight off me.” The 6:1 diet is the same as the 5:2 but there is just one day of fasting. The experts behind the health and fitness app Lifesum have recommended which foods slimmers should eat while following this diet. On normal days, these foods include grains, legumes, vegetables, root vegetables, berries, oils, seeds, dairy products, eggs, and fish. Meanwhile, on fasting days, it is recommended that slimmers eat green vegetables, eggs, white fish, and low-fat dairy products, such as low-fat yoghurt. As well as following a healthy diet, Martin also does regular exercise to stay slim and healthy. He said: “I have a couple of big horses and ride them. “I’m very healthy. This is a difficult age, obviously, but I’m doing fine – I’m not on any medication.” He added: “The only bad thing about being a farmer is that I stink.”