Chael Sonnen has named the five most likely opponents to face Conor McGregor in his 2023 UFC return. According to reports from MMA journalist Ariel Helwani, McGregor's comeback is being targeted for February or March next year as he continues to recover from a broken left fibula and tibia. ‘Notorious’ suffered the leg injury during his UFC 264 fight against Dustin Poirier last July but has recently confirmed that recovery is going well. During a recent video posted on Sonnen’s YouTube channel, ‘The Bad Guy’ gave his verdict on McGregor’s next fight. He said: “Conor McGregor’s return might be held on till 2023. Great. That’s the best thing for the industry. We need that to be -- stop. Hard stop right there. That needs to be the message. Let me tell you why. As soon as I heard that I thought ‘oh my goodness if we kick the can till 2023, we don’t have to do the guessing game’. We don’t have to do the back-and-forth. Do you know how much easier it is gonna be to make fights for the balance of 2022?” MORE BOXING NEWS... Floyd Mayweather names next boxing opponent for Jake Paul to fight Joyce slams ‘petty' Joshua after ‘biased’ sparring video leaked Jake Paul blasted 'too frightened' by John Fury “You have Charles Oliveira right now, willing to fight anybody but wanting to fight Conor McGregor. You have Volkanovski, who has got a fight coming up against Max Holloway, but he was talking about going up to fight Conor McGregor. You have Henry Cejudo, who is returning we believe at 135 lbs, but he was doing interviews about meeting Conor and going up to 155 lbs. “ But despite the excitement surrounding McGregor’s return, Sonnen believes that it could hold up the lightweight division. He said: I mean not for nothing. Some of those are realistic to happen. I mean if Charles Oliveira really wants to put his foot down and Conor McGregor really is going to come back that might be the match, but it holds up all of 155-pounds. Now we are talking about Michael Chandler versus Conor McGregor, I realise that’s just the topic of the week. “But I’m sharing for you Chandler, who is one of your favourite fighters to see fight. He is one of the top draws. He absolutely matters in the division. If he starts straight arming other ideas that are coming his way because he thinks that red panty night is coming his way, it’s one of those things. It really is one of those things.”