Fabio Vieira is off to the perfect start with Arsenal fans after he interrupted his holiday in Greece to travel to London to complete his medical. The Gunners look set to land the Porto attacker after striking an agreement almost out of nowhere with the Portuguese club. Arsenal experienced mixed fortunes last season but ultimately missed out on qualifying for this season’s Champions League as they finished fifth in the Premier League. And they will want to do better this time around. Gunners boss Mikel Arteta will be well aware that he needs to bring in new faces to improve his squad this summer. And has already landed Brazilian wonderkid Marquinhos from Sao Paulo. Arteta now looks set to make Vieira his second summer signing after reportedly agreeing to pay £29million plus add-ons for the 22-year-old. And, according to Portuguese publication Record, Vieira has left his holiday in Mykonos to jet to England. READ MORE: Arsenal's stance on signing Youri Tielemans after agreeing Fabio Vieira transfer Vieira has been enjoying a well-earned break after an arduous campaign in Portugal, where he racked-up six goals and 14 assists in the league as Porto were crowed champions. And his willingness to sacrifice his personal time to get his Arsenal move over the line will surely please Gunners fans. Arteta is building a strong side at the Emirates Stadium, with the goalkeeper Aaron Ramsey and defenders Ben White and Takehiro Tomiyasu helping to shore up the backline after joining the club last summer. The likes of Bukayo Saka, Gabriel Martinelli and Emile Smith Rowe have impressed at the other end of the pitch - and the signings of Vieira and Marquinhos could help the north Londoners kick-on once again when the 2022/23 season gets underway in August. DON'T MISSArsenal 'close in' on third summer signing ahead of Fabio Vieira transferArsenal have 'new £85m Gabriel Jesus alternative' also wanted by Chelsea and Man UtdChristian Eriksen turned down Man Utd 'because of Juan Mata' as interest reignited  Viera has played 76 times for the Porto first-team since progressing through the club’s academy and has racked-up 10 goals and 18 assists in all competitions. He has also bagged 13 goals in 20 appearances for the Portugal under-21s side and was part of his country’s team that reached the final of last year’s European Under-21 Championship. The ace only penned a new deal with Porto in November but looks set to be heading to the Premier League after super-agent Jorge Mendes brokered a deal. There had been some hesitation from Porto as Vieira’s release clause stands at almost £43m. But it appears they are now willing to accept Arsenal’s offer. And a transfer announcement could be imminent as Arteta looks to sow the seeds of a successful season at the Emirates.  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here