June 2022 marks 50 years of the first Pride march in the UK - an occasion which holds a place in the hearts of both the LGBTQ+ community and its allies. To mark the aniversary, M&S has changed its colours to those of the LGBTQ+ flag on its Facebook profile. However, some royalists feel as though it outshines the Queen's Jubilee. M&S has been hit with complaints from shoppers, despite being absolutely full to the brim of Jubilee food and drink inside its supermarkets, the Manchester Evening News reports. Liz Livock said: "For goodness sake M&S! It's the Queen's Platinum Jubilee - an event so special we will never see one again. Get real and show a bit of patriotism." Megan Marie chimed back: "It’s 50 years of Pride which starts today." Debbie Garner complained: "I would have thought it would be to do with the Jubilee." Eileen Dickson said: "What is this all about! It’s the Queen's 70-year reign." Rob Farrow slammed: "Jubilee first M&S. Show some respect and patriotism first before showing it for Pride etc." Carole Clegg demanded: "Your profile picture should be about the Jubilee. What's that supposed to be? M&S, just fly our Queen's flag. She's earned it."  But Angela Fuller defended the move by M&S, pointing out: "'M&S show a bit of patriotism?' Where have you been these past few weeks, they’re all over the Jubilee celebrations, you can even get a rotating biscuit tin with Buckingham Palace on the plays God Save the Queen! Also celebrating 50 years of Pride doesn’t deflect from that, does it?" Theresa Robinson reasoned: "Who cares really? I'm not a royalist but realise some people are, and I'm also very accepting of people's sexuality/genders. Just be happy people!" Shirley Whirley exclaimed: "Every year the same bigots comment on here. Happy Pride month. God save our Queens." Katy Parry said: "Oof calm down people, your homophobia is showing...and that doesn't look good on anyone, regardless of how many pretty M&S pieces you have." An M&S spokesperson said: “M&S is a proud sponsor of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee pageant to celebrate Her Majesty’s 70-year reign and is celebrating the momentous occasion across all stores and channels. Like many other retailers, we have updated our social media logos to mark the start of Pride month, as we did last year. We are also doubling donations to Akt, the national LGBTQ+ youth homeless charity and one of our Sparks charity partners, for the duration of June.” Pride Month commemorates the pursuit of equal justice for the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer community, as well as celebrating the accomplishments of LGBTQ+ individuals.  The Pride marches began as a response to the Stonewall Riots in June 1969, when police raided Stonewall Inn in New York City, which was a popular gathering place for the LGBTQ+ community. Riots began after officers arrested employees and patrons of the bar, with the crowd growing angry, confronting and pelting the police for their actions. These riots, which lasted for five days, became the catalyst of the modern gay rights movement. There are several different ways for you to get involved and celebrate Pride. Some of them are:  