Nick Kyrgios has let out a number of tantrums on Court 3 in his opening match against Paul Jubb and launched a ball out of the ground after losing his serve in the first set. The match featuring Kyrgios and Jubb attracted plenty of attention on the showcourt with hundreds of fans packed into the small arena.  But Kyrgios appeared agitated from the very start of the match as he was heard moaning to the umpire about a member of the crowd speaking during points. With Kyrgios on serve at 1-2, he sat down in his chair and complayed to umpire Marija Cicak about the incident. "You can't f***ing decide to talk to me in the middle of the point when I'm about to do a backhand, It can't be happening bro," he said. "They can watch the tennis but speaking and shouting out in the middle of the point, like why? I don't know where it was." Kyrgios clearly hadn't let it go as he continued to chat with the umpire about the woman in the crowd. And it was affecting his game with the Australian unable to focus fully on Jubb's strong play.  Kyrgios was under pressure on serve at 3-4 with Jubb getting another break opportunity. The Australian then lazily hit a forehand into the net to hand Jubb the break with the Brit going on to serve for the set. Kyrgios let his frustrations get the better of him after losing his serve as he fired a ball out of the court and shook his head as he returned to his corner. Jubb went on to win the opening set and put one foot into the next round. Kyrgios' frustrations continued in the second set, but he had increased his level on the court. Jubb was struggling to cope with the Australian's power, but there were clearly still issues with some people in the crowd. And the 27-year-old said to umpire Marija Cicak that he heard "racial slurs". "You should just remove them from the crowd," he said. "So pure disrespect from a spectator to an athlete is acceptable at Wimbledon? But you don't accept a hat with two logos? When's the line? That's acceptable, racism is acceptable so when does it stop? So where's the line? "It's been happening for years. If they were making racial slurs to him I would say the same thing." 