He’s just one of thousands of animals abandoned or lost in Ukraine. Many of these forgotten victims of the war are sick or injured, and all of them desperately need our help. While the plight of animals may have vanished from the headlines, their situation is still perilous. It’s been four months now, and my team – working here on behalf of PETA Germany – is exhausted. We’re still working around the clock in Ukraine and across its borders to rescue as many animals as we can. So far, together with local charities and our German partner, Notpfote Animal Rescue, we have saved more than 1,600 of them. Lucky got his name because, believe it or not, he’s one of the fortunate ones. Miraculously, he made it through multiple surgeries, and the vets at our partner shelter in Ukraine – close to the Hungarian border – never gave up on him, even though the outlook was grim. Now his legs are healed, he can stand happily, and he is enjoying life at a shelter in Hungary. In a few weeks, he will travel to another shelter in Germany, where we hope he will be adopted. But every day, more animals need to be rescued as desperate calls come in, especially from the east and southeast of Ukraine. The problems faced by our team are immense. Each dangerous trip to rescue animals takes 24 hours. Shelters are full, and as soon as we open new ones, they fill up, too. There aren’t enough people willing or able to adopt. Few veterinarians in Ukraine can work, as their surgeries have been destroyed, and legally importing medicines into the country is almost impossible. Cats and dogs need to be microchipped to leave Ukraine – but no microchips are available. So we buy thousands of them and bring them into the country – giving animals a chance to flee the war. That’s just one example of how we are doing all we can. Although the media reports that the EU has eased entry restrictions for animals, these new laws don’t apply to those who are abandoned or lost and rescued without their guardians. So taking each one across the border to safety is unpredictable and involves a huge amount of time and endless paperwork. Petrol is rationed, so local activists struggle to drive animals hundreds of kilometres to handover points. But we keep going, because the animals need us, and every dog, cat, or other dear soul who is saved makes it all worthwhile. Daisy was less than a year old when our team brought her from Ukraine into Poland, together with dozens of other cats and dogs. After a few weeks of loving care, she was fit, well, fully vaccinated, and ready to travel onwards to Belgium, where she was adopted into a big family. To see photos of her playing with her new family’s three other dogs makes every second of our work worthwhile. It’s not just about bringing animals out of Ukraine. Those who remain there – cats, dogs, horses – in shelters or with their families are desperately hungry, so every month, we drive deep into the country with 80 tonnes of animal feed. Logistically, it’s a nightmare. And let’s be honest, who wants to drive into a war zone? It’s dangerous and desperately difficult. But someone has to do it. Supported by PETA’s Global Compassion Fund, we have now delivered around 680 tonnes of companion-animal food to Ukraine, and more shipments are planned. So far, working with other activists, PETA Germany has set up almost 400 safe spaces for dogs and cats in Ukraine and Hungary. In mid-June, our expanded shelter was completed near Budapest, and the first 20 dogs have moved in.   There, they receive medical care, food, vaccinations, and the necessary papers. After the legally required quarantine and blood tests – such as titres for rabies – they will travel on to animal shelters and foster homes. Ruda and Misieck are two more success stories. Rescued from Ukraine, the firm friends underwent quarantine and medical examinations and were vaccinated and microchipped this month, so both dogs will shortly be moved to a permanent home. It is hard to imagine the hardships that dogs like Lucky, Daisy, Ruda, and Misieck have endured as a result of the war. But even if relief operations become increasingly complicated as the war progresses, it’s worth the effort, because this is the only way animals will have a chance at the safe, secure future that they deserve. People often ask me what they can do to help. My answer is always the same: while the war has plunged animals in Ukraine into crisis, animal homelessness is a major problem around the world, so if you have the time and resources to look after an animal, visit your local shelter and adopt one or two of the ones waiting for a loving home.  Judith Pein is a fieldworker for PETA Germany. 