 At the Group of Seven meeting, held at Schloss Elmau, a luxurious hotel in the Bavarian Alps, the leaders posed for a photo in front of the mountains. As the leaders descended from the platform upon which their photo was being taken, Ms von der Leyen proceeded to cut in from the end and usher Mr Johnson out the way. The President of the European Commission then attempted to grab a photo opportunity with Mr Biden and French President Emmanual Macron, widely considered a figurehead of Europe.    Boris Johnson earlier took a swipe at the European Union, saying that Britain would not have been able to help Ukraine so successfully had it still been a part of the bloc. He said: "I don't think that the UK within the European Union and within the kind of matrix of the common foreign policy and security policy that we then had, I don't think that we would have been out in front, as the first European country to arm the Ukrainians, to give them the wherewithal to protect themselves. "I think that speaks to a country that is thinking about things differently, that is thinking about the world with a more global perspective and is ambitious. “It doesn't mean we are less European. We are still European, but I think we have a more global approach."    Regarding Mr Johnson’s meeting with Mr Macron, the Elysee claimed the PM had shown interest in the French President's vision for a wider European community. However, this was not something that was mentioned in Downing Street’s account of the meeting. The Prime Minister's official spokesman said: "We're happy to discuss this with the president and EU colleagues, should they provide further details on this." Mr Macron's idea would open the door to closer ties with the EU for countries outside the bloc including Ukraine, the UK and the nations of the western Balkans, covering areas including "the movement of people". READ MORE: Carrie Johnson channels Kate Middleton in white suit for day one of G7 [REVEAL]  However, No 10 pushed back against any suggestion the UK would return to pre-Brexit free movement of people. The spokesman added: "As far as I'm aware of, the Prime Minister hasn't had any formal details put to him on that. "It would be fair to say that there's no plans to change our position with regard to freedom of movement, control of our borders, that's not going to change." Asked why the discussions were not mentioned in Downing Street's account of the meeting, the spokesman said: "It's not unusual that readouts can differ slightly." DON'T MISS: EU backs Ukraine's application to join ‘European dream’[REVEAL] EU holds emergency secret meeting after furious bust-up [REPORT] Britain NEVER voted for do-as-you-are-told orders barked from Brussels [REPORT]   He also said the meeting between the two leaders was a "cordial" one "between two people who know each other very well". And asked about France and Germany’s contribution to the defence of Ukraine, Mr Johnson said the two nations had done “an astonishing amount”. The PM said: "Look, I think both those countries have done an astonishing amount when you consider where they were before the conflict began." He added: "You have got to look objectively at where... how far Olaf Scholz has moved his country, you know, to much bigger defence spending. Never in my lifetime did I expect to see direct German military contribution to supporting another European country in the way that they are doing right now. "Don't forget also, the price that the Germans are paying in terms of moving away from Russian oil and gas. So, you know, could we all do more? Yes, we could all do more, we are going to do more. "But right now, I think the most effective thing that the G7 have brought to this thing has been our unity." READ NEXT: Have Your Say: Should Boris Johnson serve three terms?“He is bullish”: Johnson defiant of critics as he refuses to changeBritain in move to export Ukrainian grain out to the world'Not on course for victory!' Lammy's Labour celebrations shut downG7 leaders brutally mock ‘bare-chested’ horse riding Putin  