Ulrika Jonsson, 54, has looked back on her years working as a glamour model as she compared her work to magazine content nowadays. The Celebs Go Dating star criticised “campaigners” who find glamour photoshoots “too much to stomach”. She said: “I will forever be grateful for the shoots I did because they helped me discover another side to myself and, above all else, it was fun and often became a talking point. “I glance across magazine covers nowadays and they all seem a wee bit dull. “Where have all the risqué girls gone? Could it be that glamour modelling has been driven underground by campaigners who find it too much to stomach?” Writing for The Sun, Ulrika concluded that she hopes “we can bring back a bit of rock ’n’ roll to proceedings.” READ MORE: Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux Ulrika still poses often and shares her photos with her 191,000 followers on Instagram. She recently admitted that one particularly racy snap resulted in a "stern telling off" and being "berated" by her daughter. The TV star explained how her 21-year-old daughter, Bo, forced her to take down a risqué Instagram post because she had accidentally flashed her breasts. Despite the disagreement, Ulrika suggested nudity should be more socially acceptable. Ulrika said: “It unwittingly happened on Wednesday last week. “My 21-year-old daughter berated me and ordered me to remove it. “It was a careless mistake. No offence intended,” she wrote in a column for The Sun back in April. Her candid confession came after she praised Frankie Bridge for revealing she walks around her house naked. READ MORE...Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [LATEST]Dame Deborah James' fearless efforts as she plans out final days [UPDATE]Christine McGuinness' pals begged her to leave Paddy  [INSIGHT] Speaking on a recent instalment of Loose Women, Frankie admitted: “We are quite a naked family I would say, and I grew up in quite a naked family. “I don’t see what the issue is, I don’t think about it. “If [my sons] started to look uncomfortable...then I would cover up.” Frankie is married to former footballer Wayne Bridge. The couple share two young sons Parker, eight, and Carter, six. Ulrika gave Frankie a "round of applause" for admitting her nakedness at home. She added that she hopes it can be "normalised as something natural". Ulrika notably featured in a racy shoot, posing naked in her garden for Strong Men, a charity which helps men struggling with bereavement.