Arsenal are reportedly hoping to gazump Manchester United by offering a straight swap deal for Juventus star Adrien Rabiot. The Gunners are hoping to gain the upper hand on their Premier League rivals by offering Hector Bellerin in exchange. Mikel Arteta is hoping to add a central midfielder to his squad and Calciomercatoweb claim the Spaniard has set his sights on capturing Rabiot, who is entering the final year of his contract in Turin, after cooling his interest in Leicester’s Youri Tielemans. The Frenchman is also a reported target for United, who are planning a summer rebuild under new head coach Erik ten Hag and could make a bid of around £13million. But the north London side may have a better chance of landing the 27-year-old, with Bellerin keen to leave the Emirates. READ MORE: Arsenal ignoring club icon's advice as interest in Tielemans cooled The right-back has been one on Juventus’ transfer shortlist in the past and may welcome the chance to move to Serie A. Italian outlet CMW claim that Arsenal are weighing up a straight-swap offer which may benefit the two clubs, as both players are out of contract in 2023. Bellerin is desperate to rejoin Real Betis, where he spent last season on loan, on a permanent deal. However, Arsenal have been holding out for a £10m fee for the 27-year-old and that has put off the La Liga outfit from agreeing a deal. Roma and Fiorentina have also expressed their interest in the energetic full-back. It remains to be seen whether Bellerin would turn his back on a move to Spain, while Rabiot, who has won seven league titles with PSG and Juventus in his career, may have reservations about joining Arsenal given their failure to qualify for the Champions League next season. DON'T MISSRaphinha 'prefers Chelsea move' despite Gunners making formal bidArsenal chief Edu gives transfer update to fans after Vieira confirmedArsenal star Bellerin 'ready to give up £5.7m' to quit club He turned down a move to the Premier League in 2019 to link up with the Bianconeri on a free transfer and has made 129 appearances for the Old Lady since then. And the central midfielder played a regular part in Max Allegri’s side last season with 32 Serie A outings. But Arsenal have held a long-standing interest in signing Rabiot since Arsene Wenger's time in charge and are seemingly ready to step up their efforts this summer to get their man. United are expected to rival them for the former France international’s signature by offering a cash bid to the Italian giants. Newcastle and Chelsea have also been linked with a move in the past. But Rabiot, who addressed his future back in November, insisted he was content with life in Italy. Speaking to TeleFoot in November 2021, Rabiot said: “I’m happy in Turin. I see my future at Juventus, of course!” If Arsenal are successful in pulling off a swap deal, Rabiot could become Arsenal’s third summer signing following the arrivals of Fabio Vieira from Porto and 19-year-old attacker Marquinhos from Sao Paulo.