Manchester United have reportedly opened talks with Nottingham Forest about a loan move for goalkeeper Dean Henderson that could eventually land the club a sizeable transfer windfall. The newly-promoted Premier League outfit are hoping to agree a season-long loan move, which could turn into a permanent move if he impresses. And the potential deal is likely to be viewed favourably by Man United, with Forest reportedly willing to pay £20million next summer if they decide to sign the goalkeeper permanently. That would represent a decent return for a goalkeeper who acted as David de Gea’s understudy last season and allow United to further plan their summer spend this year. It was believed Henderson decided to stay at Old Trafford last summer to compete for the No.1 jersey with United. But he failed to start a single Premier League game and was dogged by injury issues and also tested positive for Covid, which invariably made De Gea the leading choice between the sticks. TRANSFER NEWS LIVE: Man Utd eye bargain, Liverpool mull price-tag Given that the Spaniard won the club’s Player’s Player of the Year award for the a record fourth time, it is unlikely that Henderson will be able to dislodge the 31-year-old any time soon — even with new head coach Erik ten Hag taking over from interim boss Ralf Rangnick. And with his career at risk of stagnating, Forest are hoping to convince Henderson with a move that would make him their first-choice goalkeeper. According to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, the two clubs have begun negotiations and talks are ongoing, with the player now considering whether to make the switch to the City Ground. Newcastle have also been linked with the highly-rated stopper. Henderson, 24, will be desperate to play regularly in the top-flight to keep his World Cup dream alive after dropping out of England’s squad, with Aaron Ramsdale, Jordan Pickford and Nick Pope currently the preferred trio of goalkeepers. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'considering two goalkeepers' to replace HendersonTottenham make Eriksen offer with Man Utd one of 4 proposalsMan Utd signing Antony or Nkunku 'depends on one sale'  But with the latter playing in the Championship next season, it offers the former Sheffield United loanee a chance to win back his place. It is also likely to be welcomed by United boss Ten Hag, who may prefer to sign a more natural reserve to provide backup to De Gea, with Daniel Bachmann and Karl Darlow amongst the club's targets. Likewise, Forest would be buoyed if they could bring in a goalkeeper with Henderson's ability. Manager Steve Cooper was rocked by the announcement from goalkeeper Bryce Samba that he will not be renewing his contract ahead of its expiry next summer. The shot-stopper played an integral role in their Championship Play-Off Final victory, but the Jamaica ace is ready to take on a new challenge. It appears likely that, if the club can convince Henderson to sign on loan, the decision to sell Samba this summer rather than letting him go for free next year would be preferable.