Punters dressed up to the nines have descended on Ascot this week for the return of one of the nation's biggest horse racing events. The Royal Family have been out representing the Queen, who has yet to make an appearance, but undoubtedly the monarch is disappointed to have missed out on the event so far. Royal Ascot is said to be one of the most important events in the Queen's diary every year, and she has delighted royal fans with her facial expressions and competitive behaviour in the Royal Box over the years.  Body language expert Darren Stanton analysed the Queen's body language on behalf of OLBG and pointed out how the Queen has shown her true feelings while watching the races - especially when her horse Estimate stormed to victory at Ascot a few years ago. The expert explained: "The Queen’s love of racing and the extreme passion that she shows once again just demonstrates how human and down-to-earth the Queen is as she is showing all the normal emotions that we all display. "This is evident in footage of her celebrating her horse, Estimate, winning the Ascot Gold Cup in 2013; the footage of the Queen watching her horse triumph is one of the most revealing and fantastic pieces of footage of the Queen there is." The Queen famously keeps her emotions hidden and is the definition of impartial when completing royal engagements, but this impartiality goes out the window when she is at the races.  READ MORE: Eugenie and Beatrice 'stuck to their seats' to prevent Harry photo-op Mr Stanton added: "The Queen makes several interesting gestures and often leans forward when watching her horses, which is a sign of great interest. "When watching her horse win, she has the most genuine and engaging expressions of enjoyment on her face. "The crow's feet at the side of her eyes - which everyone possesses regardless of age - are fully engaged showing that she is in a moment of most ecstatic joy. "She also slams the palms of her hands down on the counter in front of her which again is a gesture we tend to make when we have just witnessed something that we are truly passionate about.   "She clasps her hands again, something that we do in the triumph of achievement and then she makes a really great gesture. "She leans back and puts out her chest, which is a gesture of pride and achievement." Royal Ascot 2022 launched on Tuesday with Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall leading the royal contingent in the monarch's absence. Over the last few days, the Queen's children Princess Anne and Prince Edward have also attended along with Sophie, Countess of Wessex.  DON'T MISS: The Queen 'to surpass £9m Royal Ascot earnings' with royal 'proud' [INSIGHT]Queen used Boris' ex-ethics adviser to 'keep and eye' on Meghan [ANALYSIS]Royal Family LIVE: Outrageous claim Kate & William fed up with Meghan [LIVE] Several of the Queen's grandchildren have also made an appearance at the famous fixture this week including Princess Beatrice and her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozi, plus Zara Tindall and her husband Mike Tindall. The Queen did not attend Wednesday's event either, and a spot in Charles and Camilla's carriage in the procession was believed to have been left symbolically empty in tribute to the Queen. The Queen will likely be watching all the racing action from home, however, on day three of the competition, she has three runners taking part. So far the Queen has already amassed more than £8million in winnings since the late 1980s, and she could be on track to surpass the £9million barrier at Ascot this week, according to OLBG. 