After two turbulent years rocked by fear and uncertainty, there's no doubt coronavirus has had a lasting effect on many. With thousands of people encountering job losses across the country and many left struggling, wondering "what's next" for them, it can be difficult to envision what the future holds. If only there was a way to reset, recharge and create a new vision for success... that's where NewWave Retreats comes in. While it shares the same aspects of a bootcamp, NewWave offers something a lot more special in terms of wellbeing. The word "bootcamp" has long been associated with intensive, vigorous and quite often harsh exercise regimes, but it appears times really have changed. With mental health and wellbeing at the forefront of many people's minds nowadays, this new branded bootcamp based in Brighton, offers the tools attendees need in order to delve deep into their inner selves and find what truly drives them to succeed in life. And of course, in true bootcamp style, you're also put through your paces in various exercise sessions with expert personal trainers wanting to push you to your limits. But not only does it target your mental and physical wellbeing, but it also examines your spiritual wellness, too. READ MORE: Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure It's the first of its kind to incorporate a Wim Hof Method ice bath - and speaking from experience, it's not as easy as it looks. However in saying that, you do feel a sense of euphoria; with Wim Hof himself citing cold exposure as his own healer and "teacher" in all he does. The three-day residential retreat provides attendees with all the tools they need to make mindful changes in their own life, whether it be fitness related or for their mental wellbeing. Co-founders Jamie Richardson and RMT certified Kate Dennison, strive to give members the best experience they can so when they leave the bootcamp, they can integrate all they have learnt about themselves and their visions for the future into a more positive lifestyle. With the bootcamp now taking bookings, keep reading for a summary of the exciting three-day all-inclusive course. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] The feeling of being overwhelmed, helpless and confused with what you want to do in life is something we can perhaps all say we've experienced. With anything, finding where to start is the first hurdle you must accomplish to get anywhere in life, and NewWave offers a service that will not only give you the tools to find those answers, but inspire you to be the best you can be and truly realise your full potential. Through in-depth exploration of your inner-self, we realised we were faced with obstacles that we hadn't encountered before. The process was a really eye-opening experience that got me thinking about my life and my goals for the future. These sessions are held with Kate, who took us through a taster of the full course. We had an hour of box breathing, laughter yoga and the - initially very awkward - practice of kundalini eye contact. But it released an incredible sense of openness within this group of people that had only just met an hour beforehand. This is something I'd never thought I'd do. Ever. As someone who is very susceptible to the cold and having suffered with mild hypothermia on numerous occasions, getting in an ice bath was at the very, very bottom of my list of things I want to try. But this retreat is all about realising your potential and breaking down barriers you may not have known were there... and who was I to turn down the opportunity to do it properly? It's something that professional athletes do regularly after an intense race or game because they have a number of benefits. Wim Hof is something of a living legend when it comes to the cold; with the man being virtually invincible to any sort of sub-temperature. At NewWave, they have incorporated this technique into the itinerary for you to experience how it could unlock your capabilities. As stated on the official WHM website, the cold is known to aid physical recovery, weight loss and increased parasympathetic activity. Cold exposure is built on three pillars, mindset, breathing and exposure, which were all taught to us by specialised instructor Mathew Scott, who had discovered his passion for cold exposure while experiencing his own personal issues brought on by life's many stresses. With Mathew's soothing voice guiding us through each exercise before we plunged ourselves into a metal tub for two painstaking, adrenaline-fuelled minutes, we learnt the importance of preparing the body to be exposed to sub-zero temperatures. While the horse stance, as it's called, leaves you looking a little like you're about to perform a voodoo ritual in the middle of Brighton's busy beach, the benefits outweigh the negatives as it's designed to keep you warm internally. And trust me, you'll need it. The experience was very personal to each and every one of us that stood on the pebbled beach on a rainy Thursday afternoon, and it's one I can say with pride I'm glad I did. It wouldn't be a bootcamp (of sort) if your physical capabilities weren't pushed to the test, and no matter how fit you are, NewWave's instructors cater for all abilities. We were trained by Mitch O'Grady and Ian Jackson from We're The Fitness 4 Team's, and they know how to work hard. Based out of newly renovated containers, the sessions were all you could want from a warehouse gym, complete with neon lights, loud music and tonnes of equipment at your finger tips. While we had sessions in the city centre, we also experienced a magical sunrise workout at the highest viewing point in Sussex, Devils Dyke. And the location view definitely didn't disappoint. The jam-packed three-day course include stays at the four-star beachfront hotel Brighton Harbour Hotel and Spa, complete with spa access for attendees. While we only had a one-night experience, the full package includes: Happiness coaching Sunrise meditation and reflexology Cookery classes Laughter yoga Kundalini eye contact Beach volleyball Wim Hof breath work/cold exposure Devils Dyke in the wild fitness sessions If you're looking to reset and create long-lasting change in your life, why not give NewWave a go, you might surprise yourself. The NewWave Bootcamp is now taking bookings, for more details you can head to the official website.