On an episode of Homes Under the Hammer, Martin Roberts visited a three-bedroom terrace in Pendeford, Wolverhampton. The suburb on the outskirts of Wolverhampton is known for its fantastic stretches of canal. The property Martin viewed was close to the centre of Wolverhampton and had a guide price of £29,000 at auction in September 2021. As soon as Martin entered the property, he recognised that the property would need to be re-decorated. He said: “Straightaway you can see it’s going to need a bit of decoration at the very least. “It’s very dated and very yellow.” The home also needed to be completely re-wired. READ MORE: How to get rid of ‘pesky’ garden weeds using cupboard essentials The property had a “good-sized living room”, under stairs storage and a downstairs WC. The kitchen was small and cramped and clearly had not been replaced since the 1980s. Martin suggested getting rid of the partition wall between the kitchen and living room to make space for an open-plan living space. Upstairs there were three bedrooms - two good-sized rooms and a smaller one. The family bathroom needed a bit of TLC with a new suite and tiles.  DON'T MISSStop ants damaging plants using 70p method - ‘fatal to them’ [INSIGHT]How to get rid of ‘pesky’ garden weeds using cupboard essentials [UPDATE]Houseplants: ‘Great tip’ to get plants to ‘thrive’ indoors [ANALYSIS] However, Martin said the upstairs didn’t need as much work as downstairs. He said: “I reckon replace the doors, sort out the electrics, new kitchen, new bathroom. “It's a good project, perhaps for someone as a first renovation or just a way to get a house for a little bit less. “Put some time and effort into it and create your own place which is worth a little bit more money.” The back garden was sizeable but was overgrown and almost completely covered in concrete paving stones. The main “bonus” of the house was a designated parking space down a small alley at the back of the house. The property was purchased at auction by Howard and his wife Wendy for a successful bid of £121,000 in September 2021. The couple only saw the home online two hours before the auction ended and made a “snap decision”. They only live half an hour away so quickly saw the outside of the property before bidding at the online auction. Howard, who used to be an electrician, and Wendy, who was an NHS worker, both gave up their jobs to pursue property development for a living. The couple budgeted £12,000 for both new decor and any layout changes. Howard was planning to knock down the walls between the kitchen and WC to extend the kitchen and move the WC under the stairs. The couple planned to finish the project in 10 to 12 weeks and sell it on if they could make an adequate amount of profit.  Homes Under the Hammer revisited the property five months later to see the couple’s progress. The property took longer than they expected due to loose plaster boards and rotten stud walls. The couple also went over budget by £6,000, making their overall spend £18,500. However, the finished result looked stunning. The couple put up new fencing and stones in the front garden, the living room was much brighter and homely and the kitchen had been transformed into a modern, slick family space. Howard stuck to his plans and reconfigured the hallway, adding a utility space to put in the washing machine and laundry. The couple went for a “very high standard of finish to try and maximise the profits on a sale”. In March 2022, a local estate agent valued the property. On the rental market, the agent believed that the property would be worth between £750 per calendar month and £800 per calendar month with a sale value of £185,000 to £195,000. Howard and Wendy were more than happy with those figures, giving them a rental yield of nearly seven percent or a profit of between £45,000 and £55,500. Homes Under the Hammer is available to stream on BBC iPlayer.