Shirts and t-shirts often get grubby around the neck and armpit areas. This is particularly obvious on white and pale-coloured clothing. Under armpit stains are caused by sweat reacting with the aluminium in deodorants. Now, a cleaning expert at Dri Pak has shared how to remove collar stains and yellow marks from white clothing using traditional products in a video. The caption to the video reads: “How to remove collar stains and yellow marks around the armpits from clothing using traditional products - white vinegar and soda crystals oxi boost. “If the stains aren't gone after the first attempt - don't tumble dry the garment. “Air dry it - preferably on a sunny day as sunlight helps whiten whites.” READ MORE: How to clean windows and leave them 'sparkling' The sun is a natural bleaching agent and can help to remove stains. Sunlight also helps to make white laundry brighter. The first step is to simply spray the affected area with the white vinegar. Spray the area liberally until it’s completely wet. DON'T MISSEast Anglians told 'plant tall trees to prevent new electricity pylons [INSIGHT]Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [UPDATE]‘Essential treatment’ to keep your lawn ‘healthy’ - gives ‘protection’ [ANALYSIS] Next, pop it in the washing machine. Wash the whites on a hotter wash than usual. Then add half to a full scoop of soda crystals laundry boost to the usual detergent. For those with softer water, use half a scoop but those with hard water should use a full scoop. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Wash the garments as normal. The expert added: “If the garment allows it then wash on a warm temperature because that will help with the stain removal.” The soda crystals should also help protect the machine from limescale by softening the water. Dri-Pak Oxi Boost costs £1.79 from Big Green Smile.  Dry Pak Oxi Boost is also £1.99 from ethical superstore.com. Stardrops White Vinegar Spray is 89p from The Range. Dri-Pak Pure White Vinegar is £2 from Ocado. Wilko Original White Vinegar Spray is £1.50.