Emma Thompson, 63, has had a very successful movie career, with roles in films such as Love Actually and Nanny McPhee. The award-winning actress once revealed that her own relationship heartache inspired the sobbing scene in Love Actually. Emma was previously married to Kenneth Branagh, before marrying her current husband Greg Wise in 2003. She married Kenneth in 1989 after meeting when they starred alongside each other on the mini-series Fortunes of War in 1987. The couple became the darling couple of British Cinema in the 1990s, but like the movies, the marital bliss was hit with a cheating scandal. This left Emma heartbroken, as her character was in Love Actually, when she discovered the jewellery Alan Rickman had bought was actually for his beguiling assistant and love interest in the film. READ MORE: Camille Vasquez named star of trial by fans as Johnny Depp wins case The actress sobbed to Joni Mitchell, with the scene going down as one of the most memorable UK heartbreak scenes. Speaking at a fundraiser for the Tricycle Theatre in London, she said: "That scene where my character is standing by the bed crying is so well known because it’s something everyone’s been through. "I had my heart very badly broken by Ken. So I knew what it was like to find the necklace that wasn’t meant for me. "Well it wasn’t exactly that, but we’ve all been through it." When news broke of Emma and Kenneth's split in 1995, the pair claimed it was due to conflicting work schedules. But whispers that the actor had been unfaithful in their marriage grew louder. At the time, rumours surfaced that Kenneth had an alleged affair with fellow actress Helena Bonham Carter. The pair were co-starring in the 1994 film, Frankenstein at the time. DON'T MISS... Johnny Depp spotted again in UK after victory against Amber Heard [PICS] Jane Seymour, 71, showcases curves in figure-hugging red swimsuit [INSTAGRAM] Sharon Osbourne claims Amber Heard tried to 'destroy' Johnny Depp [OPINION] After their divorce, Kenneth and Helen dated publicly until 1999. Years later Emma opened up about her marriage breakdown to The Sunday Times, revealing she had forgiven her ex-husband. She said: "[It's] all blood under the bridge. "You can't hold on to anything like that. It's pointless. I haven't got the energy for it. "Helena and I made our peace years and years ago." Helena spoke out in 2002 about being involved in the highly publicised split due to Kenneth making their romance public. She quipped: "It gets frustrating because I know the story and the truth of it. "It is very hurtful and, frankly, some of the things I have been called are quite libellous. But it's part of the price of being in the public eye." Emma went on to marry actor Greg Wise in 2003, while Kenneth wed art director Lindsay Brunnock in the same year. You can watch Emma Thompson in Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang at 1.55pm.