Peter is believed to have introduced Ms Wallace to the Queen at a shooting party at Windsor just after Christmas. Peter, 44, Queen Elizabeth II's first grandson, split up with his former wife Autumn last year and has since found love again with his new girlfriend, Lindsay Wallace.  Ms Wallace, a mother-of-two, is the daughter of an oil tycoon and was first linked to the Queen’s eldest grandchild in March 2021, when Peter was spotted visiting her £475,000 home in St Cyrus, near Montrose, Aberdeenshire. The journey sparked concerns he had breached lockdown restrictions to make the 460-mile round trip from his Gloucestershire home. At the time the royal insisted the trip to Scotland was made as a marketing consultant for the company XF Medical, set up last June to provide rapid Covid tests and antibody tests for businesses, although sources said he was “besotted” by Ms Wallace. Officers “issued advice” but he was not found guilty of breaching lockdown rules.   According to a source close to the couple, Peter introduced her to the Queen at a shooting party at Windsor just after Christmas. The meeting came after she attended the joint christening of her boyfriend’s nephew, Lucas Tindall, and Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank's son, August, last November. The source told The Telegraph: “They were friends first because Lindsay is very close to Zara but then the relationship developed into something much closer. “They are really happy together.” READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'made to look stupid'  The source further told the publication that Peter attended Friday’s service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral on his own but felt the “informality” of Derby Day would provide the perfect opportunity to go public. While their involvement is relatively new, she was already well-known within the Phillips family. The 40-year-old went to school with Zara Tindall, Mr Phillip's younger sister, at the £40,000-a-year school Gordonstoun in Scotland. According to The Sun, she is a mother of two and separated but not yet divorced from her current husband. DON'T MISS:Prince William vows to ‘restore planet’ in emotional speech Ukraine boasts victory in Luhansk Oblast ‘Still in the saddle’ Archbishop praises absent Queen A source told the publication her family “pride themselves on being a Christian family who are pillars of their local community”. They added that Ms Wallace “really cherishes her friendship with Zara”. 