Deputy Prime Minister and Justice Secretary Dominic Raab introduced legislation to Parliament that would reinstate UK courts as the ultimate authority on legal cases in Britain. The plan will see the Human Rights Act, introduced in 1998 by Sir Tony Blair when he was Prime Minister, abandoned and replaced with a British Bill of Rights. The Act imposed by the last Labour Government made it a legal requirement for Britain to follow rulings made by the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR), with the court allowed to overturn decisions made by the UK Supreme Court. Earlier this month, the Strasbourg court blocked a removal flight to Rwanda at the last minute after granting an interim injunction against removals. The decision left ministers furious, with fears the UK's plan to get illegal migration under control risked being derailed by the ECHR. Mr Raab wants the successor to the Human Rights Act to assert that British courts do not always need to follow case law from Strasbourg and to remove the requirement to follow interim injunctions. READ MORE ON OUR BREXIT LIVE BLOG  Criticising Labour MPs who accuse the Government of looking to scrap human rights by replacing the Act introduced by Sir Tony, Mr Raab boasted of Britain's proud democratic history. He told MPs in the House of Commons: "We have a proud tradition of freedom under the rule of law in this country. "I would remind honourable members on all sides that is dates back centuries to Magna Carta, not just 1998." In 1215, England made history when King John signed a document outlining that everyone in the country would have equal protections and be required to follow the law, regardless of their status. Mr Raab added the Bill of Rights will "restore a healthy dose of common sense" to the justice system. "These reforms will reinforce freedom of speech, enable us to deport more foreign offenders and better protect the public from dangerous criminals."  "We've left the EU but Brexit won't be complete until foreign courts no longer have a say over our rules. "That's what the vote in 2016 was all about."  Conservative backbencher Desmond Swyane made the same point in Prime Minister's Questions, saying: Taking back control is to apply to the ECHR too, isn't it?" Mr Raab's plan will see the UK continue to be a part of the European Convention of Human Rights that underpins the decisions made by the courts on Strasbourg. However, MPs would have the last word on the law of the land, restoring parliamentary sovereignty.  Priti Patel unveiled a deal with Rwanda in April that would allow the UK to deport asylum seekers arriving in Britain illegally to the African country for processing. The Home Secretary believes the number of vulnerable people attempting to make the dangerous crossing of the English Channel in small boats will rapidly drop off if they know they will be immediately sent abroad.  The first flight, due to have taken off last week, was suspended after the European court granted an interim injunction barring the removal of an Iraqi asylum seeker until a decision on the legality of the Government's policy is made in UK courts. Strasbourg-based judges removed two others from the plane, while the Supreme Court then granted injunctions preventing the immediate removal of three more. Deportations could be delayed for up to a year now while the ECHR hears the full; case on the Government's plan according to legal experts. The Supreme Court had already upheld a ruling that the policy was legal. 