Unions have called for easyJet flight attendants from Spanish bases to strike for nine days in July over a pay rise. easyJet is already struggling to cope with demand this summer due to staff shortages. The airline has cancelled thousands of flights in the last few weeks affecting millions of British tourists. easyJet's Spanish union USO has reportedly been holding talks on crew pay since February. However, the union explained they are now in a "deadlock situation". What do you think? Join the debate in the comments section bellow READ MORE: POLL: Do you support unions in rail strikes bringing UK to a halt?  The 24-hour strikes in July will last a total of nine days. Cabin crew based in Barcelona, Malaga and Palma de Mallorca will walk out from July 1 to July 3, from July 15 to July 17 and from July 29 to July 31, according to the union. The union general secretary for easyJet Malaga, Miguel Galan, said flight attendants are asking for a 40 percent increase in their basic salary. easyJet cabin crew based in Spain get a basic salary of €950 per month (£816), according to the union. The basic pay excludes bonuses, overnights, commission and extra pay. Galan explained: "The company underestimated the outlook, was more pessimistic and conservative and is not ready for the demand… This generates a domino effect on us." easyJet told Express.co.uk: “easyJet has been advised of strike action by its cabin crew based in Spain between July 1-3, July 15-17, and July 29-31 at its bases in Barcelona, Malaga, and Palma. We are extremely disappointed with this action as we have made considerable progress towards a new CLA and so would like to continue the constructive dialogue with them. “Should the industrial action go ahead there could be some disruption to our flying programme to and from Malaga, Palma and Barcelona during the strike period but at this stage, easyJet plans to operate its full schedule and we would like to reassure customers that we will do everything possible to minimise any disruption.” This news comes after Ryanair recently announced it is also planning to go on strike this month and in July. According to the main unions of Ryanair's cabin crew, they intend to strike for the six days across June and July this summer. These days will be June 24, June 25, June 26, June 30, July 1 and July 2. The strike will take place because Ryanair staff are reportedly unhappy with their working conditions and pay. Although it is not yet confirmed, the disruption will affect Spain as well as other countries. Ryanair told Express.co.uk: "Ryanair has negotiated collective agreements covering 90 percent of our people across Europe. In recent months we have been negotiating improvements to those agreements as we work through the Covid recovery phase. Those negotiations are going well and we do not expect widespread disruption this summer. "In Spain, we are pleased to have reached a collective agreement with CCOO, Spain’s largest and most representative union, delivering improvements for Spanish-based cabin crew and reinforcing Ryanair’s commitment to the welfare of its cabin crew. "Recent announcements by the much smaller USO and SITCPLA unions are a distraction from their own failures to deliver agreements after three years of negotiations and we believe that their strike calls will not be supported by our Spanish crews."