As the Jubilee Weekend approaches, families across Britain will be making the most of the four-day weekend to gather and celebrate with one another. So, what better time to start baking? Clotted cream is a British staple, often served alongside scones and other tea-time classics. Made in Britain first, clotted cream started in Devon as a way to separate the fat from milk to make butter. Centuries later, in Cornwall, it became popular to use the cream on its own. At the time, clotted cream and butter were the most popular ways to preserve milk. Sarah James, a former café owner and three Great Taste Awards winner based in Pembrokeshire, has shared her favourite, homemade Cornish clotted cream recipe. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove limescale from toilets - ‘cheap trick’ The baker explained that no oven is required when making clotted cream, and it doesn’t take hours either. “You can produce a silky, creamy clotted cream with a delicious golden crust in around an hour using your stove top,” she said. Sarah’s clotted cream is thick with the consistency of soft butter. She added: “There’s nothing quite like it.” DON'T MISS:Why this week is the best time to clean your BBQ - exact date [REVEAL]How to sharpen your lawn mower blades - safest method [INSIGHT]How to grow an avocado from the stone - 3 key steps [ANALYSIS]  Ingredients Fresh double cream or heavy cream, not UHT or ultra-pasteurised Unsalted butter Large saucepan or sauté pan Wooden spoon Method Place the cream and butter in your pan over a low to medium heat. Stir constantly with a wooden spoon or silicone spatula until it reaches a simmer. Don’t let it boil and keep stirring until it’s reduced by half. Depending on your stove and how high you have the heat, it should be around 20 minutes. Pour into a shallow glass or ceramic dish, the larger the better. A larger surface area will give you more golden, buttery crust. Lastly, pop it in the fridge overnight to firm up. If you’re in a rush, the cream will be ready to eat in a couple of hours. It’s worth remembering that the longer you leave it, the thicker it gets. Kept in an airtight container, the cream will last in the fridge for up to seven days. Once opened, it’s best used within three days.