Chelsea chief Daniel Finkelstein has fuelled speculation that Ousmane Dembele could well be on his way to Stamford Bridge this summer after liking a fan's tweet. The Conservative peer, who recently joined Todd Boehly's takeover project at the west London club, appeared to hint that the soon-to-be out-of-contract Barcelona winger is being eyed by the Blues after some interesting social media activity.  While American billionaire Boehly will oversee the day-to-day running at the club, Finkelstein has joined as a non-executive member, and it already appears he's keen to set change in motion at the Bridge. The Chelsea chief liked a tweet in which one Blues fan tagged and begged him to encourage the club to sign the French forward. The liked post read: "Please tell him to kindly sign Ousmane Dembele." The 25-year-old has been heavily linked with a move to west London this summer, when he will become a free agent. Dembele has decided against renewing his deal with Barcelona and the cash-strapped Catalan club are now set to lose the winger for nothing, five years after shelling out a staggering £135million to Borussia Dortmund for his services. Dembele rose to prominence under Thomas Tuchel's guidance at Dortmund and it appears a reunion is growing increasingly likely. TalkSPORT insist the Blues are now favourites to land the World Cup winner when his contract expires this month, amid suggestions a deal has "taken off" in recent days. JUST IN: Tuchel can solve Chelsea issue by amending Dortmund transfer regret  Reporter Alex Crook revealed: “This one has really taken off overnight. Chelsea look like they are favourites to sign Ousmane Dembele on a free transfer. He’s been letting his contract run down at Barcelona and he would be the first signing of the Todd Boehly era." After failing to agree fresh terms with the attacker, Barcelona sought to offload Dembele back in January, however, the French forward refused to budge. The former Dortmund star was then told he would be banished to the stands for the remainder of the Spanish side's season, however Barcelona managed Xavi swiftly reinstalled Dembele to his setup.  Despite this, the Frenchman has continued to refrain from committing his future to the Nou Camp club and appears destined to depart this summer. The winger's ties to Tuchel have seen Chelsea emerge as the frontrunners in a transfer race which is also believed to include Paris Saint-Germain, Liverpool and Manchester United. With Boehly having succeeded Roman Abramovich at the club's helm, the UK Government's imposed sanctions on Chelsea have now been lifted, enabling the Blues to conduct business as usual once again. Tuchel is understood to be keen on freshening up his attack as part of a squad rebuild this summer, and it appears he isn't the only one eyeing up Dembele if Finkelstein's social media activity is anything to go by.  