Liverpool reportedly expect Bayern Munich to pay the £40million they are after in exchange for Sadio Mane this summer, despite suggestions they were ‘insulted’ by the German club’s second offer on Wednesday. Mane has been tipped to call time on his Anfield career and head to Munich in the coming weeks one year before his contract on Merseyside expires. Bayern opened their bidding for Mane at £21million plus £4m of add-ons at the start of this week. And after seeing that offer rebuffed, the Bundesliga giants returned to the table with an offer of up to £30m. But the second proposal was said to include add-ons that would only be paid if the Senegal forward won a hat-trick of Ballon d’Ors. And Liverpool instantly dismissed it. According to The Telegraph, Liverpool expect Bayern to meet their £40m valuation and point to the fact the Germans are holding out for a high fee for their own wantaway superstar striker Robert Lewandowski, despite the fact the Poland international also only has one year remaining on his current deal. Bayern president Herbert Hainer has recently appeared confident of commanding the right fee for Lewandowski and stated: “We are in the fortunate position that we have no financial difficulties.” So Liverpool could be unwilling to yield in the Mane negotiations. READ MORE: Tottenham icon Chris Waddle questions 'strange' Ivan Perisic signing  Mane joined Liverpool from Southampton in 2016 and has been a key player under Jurgen Klopp as his side have won a plethora of trophies. The 30-year-old was instrumental when the Reds tasted Champions League and Club World Cup success in 2019 and also played a starring role as Liverpool lifted their first Premier League trophy in 2020. Last season, Mane bagged 23 goals in all competitions as the north west club got their hands on the Carabao Cup and the FA Cup. And if he does turn his back on his current employers, he will depart Anfield with an incredible 120 goals and 48 assists to his name. DON'T MISS Man Utd and Chelsea decide to target PSV star Ibrahim Sangare Chelsea may have missed out on ideal N'Golo Kante successor Man Utd could be about to make transfer mistake with Frenkie de Jong       “He’s in brilliant shape and it’s a joy to watch him at the moment in training and in the games,” Klopp said of Mane ahead of last month’s Champions League final against Real Madrid. “We ask him a lot, football asks him a lot this year, incredible long season, lot of finals and these kind of things so for sure it’s one of the most successful so far for him and for us. The Bayern Munich rumours I couldn’t care less in the moment.” Liverpool look set to replace Mane with Darwin Nunez this summer. The Benfica striker found the back of the net 34 times in all competitions last season - and the Reds are reportedly close to agreeing a deal for him which will see them stump-up around £85m for the ace. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 