I REMEMBER thinking when I was 21, that I was old. And compared to three years earlier, when I turned 18, I was. Hitting that landmark age felt like a real celebration. I could drive a car, date girls, get a job and vote. The world was opening up to me. Yet by the time I reached 21 I had a job, a car and was engaged. The next step was marriage, mortgage and kids – no wonder I felt old. But those were the standards of the early 1980s. That’s how things were measured, that’s when values were different. We grew up quicker and assumed responsibilities that 21-year-olds in 2022 don’t have to worry about or don’t seem to want to worry about. I mean nobody seems to get married now until they are well into their 30s - and they only do that in case they miss the boat on starting a family. When I was 21, I was the youngest anchor on ITV, a record I am proud to say which remains to this day. The teatime news magazine programme from 6pm to 7pm on Good Evening Ulster was mine. Troubles were rife throughout Northern Ireland so my main job at 21 was to act 41. My sense of responsibility or being old before my time continued until I turned 50 in 2009. Then I thought “sod this”. That’s when time stood still for me. I resented the responsibilities I had been burdened with and realised, for the first time, that there were more years behind me than there were in front of me. If you haven’t got to that tipping point yet don't worry, you will. There’s a different mindset, a freedom of living off who you have become as opposed to who you are trying to be. When I parted ways with ITV last year and I saw newspaper reports suggesting my departure was down to me being “too male, pale and stale”. The remarks hurt me a little, but they also ignited a fire in my belly. “We’ll see about that”, I thought to myself. I have since joined GB News, a channel at the start of an exciting journey, and the move has only underlined to me that there are still so many more exciting things to do and achieve. Male, stale and pale? Forget it. The best is yet to come. That’s why it is fitting that now, at the “tender” age of 62, I am surrounded by role models and people who make me look forward to the future. Look at the weekend just passed.    I was lucky to be one of tens of thousands of folk who gathered in Hyde Park London to experience The Rolling Stones. I had never seen them perform before but if this was them beyond their heyday then to see them in their prime must have been unbelievable. Men in their mid 70s to early 80s were giving everyone Satisfaction. The energy of Mick Jagger, wow, honestly, it has to be seen to be believed. Bouncing around that stage, if someone told me it was Harry Styles up there I would have believed them. Never out of breath yet recently recovered from heart surgery and Covid. Amazing. The night before, 75-year-old Elton John held the same venue in the palm of his hand. Then there was Glastonbury: 80-year-old Paul McCartney headlining, 79-year-old Diana Ross, reigning Supreme, 72-year-old Bruce Springstein wowing the crowds. Showbiz is a funny thing. It drives people differently, but if you’re feeling old these guys should be an example to you. We all need something to inspire us, to keep us young, to give us the will to live life and experience joy. No one summed this up better than the two ladies in front of me at The Stones concert. Definitely in their mid 70s but definitely reliving their youth as they bopped to hit after hit. As I continue to recover from a recent hospital stay, I can assure you Mick Jagger is better than any medicine. I was walking on air on the way out until some kid cut across my path. As I regained my balance I realised it was a whippersnapper by the name of Tom Cruise. He turns 60 next week by the way. But he’s still firing. Still the Top Gun. Enough said.  Eamonn Holmes presents Breakfast on GB News with Isabel Webster, Monday-Thursday from 6am. 