The Pirates of the Caribbean star wasn't even in court in Fairfax, Virginia, to hear the results of the defamation suits and counter-suits with his ex-wife. He was already in the UK when his victory on almost all the major counts was declared. The actor was awarded $10.35million in damages. Heard was awarded $2million on one of her counter-claims, leaving her with $8.35million outstanding to pay. After explicit details of their marriage collapse playing out so publicly, Depp has completely turned his focus to his music, appearing across the UK at a series of concerts with Beck. During the most recent one last night, his friend made a major announcement During the June 2 show in Gateshead, Beck told the crowd: "I met this guy five years ago and we've never stopped laughing since. We actually made an album. I don't know how it happened. It will be out in July." So far, the pair have performed cover versions of iconic songs by the likes of John Lennon and Jimi Hendrix, although both are songwriters in their own right. Beck has said of inviting Depp to join him on tour, "We kept this quiet for obvious reasons." And while the actor has made no comments on stage about his ex-wife and the court case, his friend told the crowd "what a victory." So far, Depp has joined Beck at all his UK dates, with the tour now moving on Glasgow, Manchester, Birmingham and York in the UK before heading across to the Continent where it ends on July 25 in Paris. During the shows, the pair have rocked through versions of Jimi Hendrix's Little Wing, John Lennon's Isolation, Marvin Gaye’s What’s Going On and the Beatles’ A Day in the Life. They first released their version of Lennon's classic track in April 2020, which they had been performing together since the previous year. Although obviously best-known as a huge Hollywood film star, Depp, like many others including Russell Crowe, has also always pursued a sideline in rock music. Since 2015 he has been part of the all-star rock band Hollywood Vampires, along with Alice Cooper and Aerosmith's Joe Perry. All three share lead vocals and songwriting in the band. Cooper revealed that the collapse of Depp's marriage and all the legal aftermath over the past few years had inspired the star to write music: "I know Johnny was writing... when that whole thing was going on with him. But you know, that’s not going to stop him from going home and writing. In fact, it probably helped." DON'T MISSLisa Marie devastated to miss Elvis premiere and daughter's new movieTony Curtis left his kids nothing including Jamie Lee Curtis after 'childhood hell' Graceland upstairs: Elvis kept his bedroom ‘so dark and freezing you could store meat' In the group, Depp handles slide, rhythm and lead guitar, backing and lead vocals, as well as keyboards. It looks like he might even have two albums coming out soon, with Cooper also promising last year that the Vampires had also been working on new material for their third album, following 2015's self-titled debut and 2019's Rise. A planned 2021 UK and Europe summer tour was also postponed until this year due to the ongoing coronavirus pandemic, but no information about new dates has been revealed yet. JEFF BECK TOUR INFORMATION AND DATES