  Ross William Wild appeared in court yesterday charged with rape and sexually assaulting women while they slept. The former Spandau Ballet star has been accused of molesting the sleeping women and filming the act.     Wild, 34, has been charged with molesting six different women in total. He is also charged with raping a seventh woman, blackmailing her and disclosing a private sexual picture of her. Reports from The Sun describe the singer breaking down in tears yesterday as he appeared at Carlisle magistrates’ court under his real name, Ross Davidson. Wild has been accused of 17 offences altogether, which are said to have taken place between 2013 and 2018. READ MORE: Harry Gration dead: BBC journalist dies aged 71     It has been reported that, as Wild cried, his solicitor Chris Toms told the court: “He is a professional musical performer.” No formal plea was entered but Mr Toms said of the rape charge: “That is firmly denied. He wants his day in court.” Wild was arrested at his parents’ home in Aberdeen on Thursday after the CPS authorised police to charge him earlier this week. He has been remanded in custody to appear at London’s Wood Green crown court on July 22.      Four of the alleged sex assaults are said to have taken place at Wild’s home in Finchley, North London, between October 2013 and December 2017. Another assault allegedly occurred at a hotel in Shrewsbury in June 2017. The last incident is alleged to have occurred in Cannes in May 2018 in the same month he joined the band Spandau Ballet. Wild is charged with six counts of sexual assault and six of voyeurism in relation to those alleged offences, according to reports from the aforementioned publication. READ MORE... Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux [LATEST] Dame Deborah James' fearless efforts as she plans out final days [UPDATE] Monty Don in woeful farewell before Gardeners' World is pulled off air [NEWS]       It also states that Wild has been further accused of rape between August 1 and October 1 in 2013 He has also been accused of blackmailing the same woman in 2017, causing criminal damage to her property, and disclosing a private sexual photograph of her with intent to cause distress. In addition, he faces a charge of possessing an extreme pornographic image featuring a non-consensual sex act. Wild got the opportunity to join 80s band Spandau Ballet when lead singer Tony Hadley left the group in 2017.     He got the gig in 2018 after being spotted by the band’s bassist Martin Kemp, whom he starred alongside playing Elvis Presley in West End musical Million Dollar Quartet. He left the band a year later, with Kemp confirming there were no further plans to tour without original singer Hadley. Spandau Ballet’s original lineup included Gary Kemp on guitar, synthesiser and backing vocals, his brother Martin Kemp on bass, vocalist Tony Hadley, saxophonist Steve Norman and drummer John Keeble.   