 After a busy weekend of Platinum Jubilee celebrations, Princess Anne, 71, is taking no time to get back to her usual routine as a working royal. She is expected to travel across the nation this week, starting with a trip to Manchester on Tuesday for the British Cardiovascular Society centenary conference. Anne is associated with over 300 charities, organisations and military regiments, with her work focusing around sport, sciences, people with disabilities and health in developing countries.  Through her jam-packed week of royal engagements, the Princess Royal demonstrates her long-admired work ethic and dedication to public service. Anne was named the hardest-working member of the Royal Family last year, having carried out 387 official outings, beating her older brother, Prince Charles, 73, by two engagements. Now, one royal expert has claimed the princess’ status as “hardest-working royal” proves she is “worthy of being considered Queen”. Kinsey Schofield, founder of To Di For Daily and author of the upcoming book ‘R is For Revenge Dress’, told the Daily Star: “If anyone has proven that they are worthy of being considered for the top job, or likely inspired Queen Elizabeth, I think it's Anne, Princess Royal.  “Arguably one of the hardest-working royals within the British Royal Family. “And while the history of her love life might not be pristine, she handled all issues with grace and as quietly as possible.” When Anne was born she was third in line to the throne, but she is now 17th, falling behind her three brothers, their children and grandchildren. The Princess Royal is placed behind her two younger brothers — Prince Andrew, 62, and Prince Edward, 58 — because of a now-outdated law that means that the male heir in the royal family is placed ahead of their sister.  Just before the birth of Prince George, in 2013, the Queen made changes to the Succession to the Crown Act 2013 to allow female heirs to maintain their place in the line of succession if a male heir is born. Therefore, when Prince Louis was born in 2018, his older sister Princess Charlotte, seven, did not fall behind him. However, the Queen’s changes did not have an effect on Anne’s place in the line to the throne. Ms Schofield said: “I certainly think that the Queen changing the line of ascension is a significant change.”  She added that while both Anne and Charles would make “incredible monarchs”, the princess has a “much better reputation” than her brother and would be appreciated by the public. She said: “The Princess Royal has a much better reputation than Prince Charles and a no-nonsense approach about the world. I think people appreciate her blunt honesty. “I think they both would make very different but incredible monarchs.” In April, a poll found that the majority of voters favoured Anne as future monarch.  A poll of 13,272, conducted by The Times and Sunday Times readers, found that 79 percent of respondents answered ‘yes’ to the question of whether Anne would “make a better monarch than Prince Charles”. Both Anne and Charles have taken on more involved roles in the Firm in recent months.  The royals were central figures in the Platinum Jubilee weekend, with Charles representing the Queen at the Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral on Friday and Anne stepping in for her mother at the Royal Derby at Epsom Downs on Saturday. The Princess Royal and Prince of Wales both took part in the Queen’s birthday parade on Thursday, and, alongside Prince William, took the Trooping the Colour salute. It marked the first time the Queen had not directly received the salute in her 70-year reign. Her Majesty later appeared on the Buckingham Palace balcony, accompanied by her cousin, the Duke of Kent, to inspect the returning troops. Kinsey Schofield is author of R is for Revenge Dress published by Post Hill Press and Simon & Schuster, out on November 15, 2022.