In an interview with a regional newspaper Mr Macron said that it was vital so that peace can be maintained when the war is over. Mr Macron added that it would be necessary to build an "exit ramp".  He said: "We must not humiliate Russia so that the day when the fighting stops we can build an exit ramp through diplomatic means." The French President added that he was "convinced that it is France's role to be a mediating power". However, Ukraine's Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba has blasted Mr Macron's comments. Writing on Twitter, he said that such calls "only humiliate France" and other countries who call for a similar policy towards Russia.  He said: "Calls to avoid humiliation of Russia can only humiliate France and every other country that would call for it. "Because it is Russia that humiliates itself. "We all better focus on how to put Russia in its place. "This will bring peace and save lives." READ MORE: Putin's days now numbered as coup deemed 'impossible to stop'   Mr Macron has spoken to Russian President Vladimir Putin on the phone a number of times in order to encourage negotiations between the two sides. It comes as the war reached its 100th day on Saturday with fierce fighting between Russian and Ukrainian forces in the Donbas region. Russia has concentrated its forces on the industrial city of Severodonetsk in Luhansk in recent weeks. It was a city with a population of 100,000 before the war. DON'T MISS:  Putin dealt humiliation by famed Russian ballet star [REVEAL]  Putin reeling after yet ANOTHER General killed in action by Ukrainians [INSIGHT] Putin health: Warning to ‘be ready’ as ‘everyone senses end is near' [SPOTLIGHT]  However, Ukrainian forces claim they have recaptured 20 percent of the territory they have lost. Due to these gains they claim that it is "not realistic" that the city will fall to Russian forces in the next two weeks. Both sides claim to have inflicted large casualties on one another. After its failure to capture the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv Moscow has moved most of its forces to the eastern Donbas region. 