Gardening season season is here and many will be looking to spruce up their lawns over the coming weeks. Those gardeners who have noticed that their lawn is lacking its usual lustre may be tempted to purchase some new turf. However, it’s also possible to achieve a beautiful new garden lawn using grass seeds. There are plenty of different types of grass seed out there to suit every garden’s needs. Marc is a co-founder of So & Mo, the UK's first subscription lawn care brand. Has shared a three step guide for gardeners to achieve lush healthy grass. He told Express.co.uk that the first step is to scarify in order to create the optimum seed bed. Scarification removes thatch and dead moss from the lawn with a series of vertical blades or tines that slash into the base of the turf to remove the debris. This leaves grooves in the surface, which creates a perfect seed bed prior to sowing the seed. Mac explained: “Before seeding, ensure the area you are working with is free of weeds, dead grasses and anything clogging up your lawn. READ MORE: How to ‘revive’ your lawn for summer - ‘will recover in a week’ “Do this to give your new grass the best chance to flourish.” The expert suggested using a rake (or a scarifier) to clear lawns by focusing on small areas at a time and scraping in different directions. He noted: “You'll know you're doing this right when you see debris lifting away from the grass. “Keep the pressure on the rake and clear away waste. “Now you've scarified, you'll have created a seedbed, which is perfect as the grass seed doesn't spread well on top of your soil (not to mention the birds love to eat it!).” The seed can now fill the gaps you've created and can germinate below ground. DON'T MISS: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ way to remove yellow toilet seat stains [INSIGHT]‘Inexpensive’ and ‘quick’ home improvements for little ‘time or skill’ [TIPS]Use ‘pinching’ trick to get ‘the best results’ from your tomato plants [EXPERT] Moving on to step two, gardeners will then need to spread out the lawn seeds. Whether gardeners are spreading their seeds by hand or using a bit of kit, they “need to focus on even coverage”, according to Marc. If this step is not carried out correctly this could result in patchy growth and leave lawns looking unsightly. The lawn pro advised: “Using a drop or a broadcast spreader, spread 30-35gsm of seed on a new area or 15gsm if you're overseeding.” Sowing new seed into an existing lawn, a technique used by professional lawn experts is known as overseeding. It is a natural way to thicken your lawn and crowd out undesirable weeds, and one of the most important tasks involved in growing a healthy, lush lawn. Marc continued: “So & Mo recommends halving the amount and covering the area twice to ensure you haven't missed anything. “Spreading seed by hand is the most likely option, but it isn't easy to ensure even coverage. “Cover the area in different directions and spread the seed as evenly as possible. Don't be shy when applying. “Only 50 percent of your seed will germinate, so be generous to ensure maximum growth.” Then the third and final step is to topdress and feed the area gardeners have planted their seeds. The lawn expert said: “To get your new spread seed to germinate, you must ensure its planted and covered correctly. “You'll have made good progress getting the seed into the gaps left after scarifying, but it's still a little exposed. “Applying a topdressing over the seed improves germination and stops birds from pecking at the seed.” Topdressing is a sand and soil mixture. So & Mo recommend a 70/30 mix in favour of sand. Once gardeners have spread this across the area they’re working on, “now is an excellent time to plan how you will feed your new shoots”, says Marc. He explained: “The seed has enough feed inside the seed to get the plant to germinate. “Once you see fresh grass sprouting through the surface, apply So & Mo's liquid lawn feed to boost healthy and sustainable growth.”