The Duke of Cambridge broke his silence on Tuesday as he addressed fans with a birthday post on Twitter. He wrote: "Thank you for all the happy birthday messages today!" Heartfelt responses were quick to flow in, with one fan, Jen, saying: "Love you, W." She then asked the royal to share pictures of his birthday cake. A second royal watcher, Sarah Bolton, said: "Happy Birthday! I remember you being born, your mum would be so proud of you." Another, Celine, wrote: "Once again, Happy 40th, Prince William! Thanks for being you and using your platform for good always." Jami Lupold, from the US, added: "Happy Birthday wishes from Houston, Texas! May your day be filled with joy and love surrounded by family & beloved friends. "We are excited for you and Princess Kate to take the reins and lead like no other before you." A significant number of comments made reference to the duke's charitable efforts, which have come to light once again as he enters his forties. Following in the footsteps of his late mother, Princess Diana, William dedicated his birthday to a cause seemingly close to his heart as he spent the day speaking with veteran Big Issue seller Dave Martin at Tesco's Supermarket in Hammersmith, London. Back in 2009, the future King slept out on the streets of the capital with the Chief Executive of Centrepoint, Seyi Obakin, to help understand the experience of homelessness. Some 13 years on, he still appears to be actively involved in finding solutions to a problem he has previously called a "solvable issue" rather than just a fact of life. Writing in The Big Issue, Willam shared the first time he visited a homeless shelter. He recalled: "I was 11 when I first visited a homeless shelter with my mother, who in her own inimitable style was determined to shine a light on an overlooked, misunderstood problem. "I have always believed in using my platform to help tell those stories and to bring attention and action to those who are struggling. "I plan to do that now I'm turning 40, even more than I have in the past. So, for my part, I commit to continue doing what I can to shine a spotlight on this solvable issue not just today, but in the months and years to come. "And in the years ahead, I hope to bring George, Charlotte and Louis to see the fantastic organisations doing inspiring work to support those most in need – just as my mother did for me." DON'T MISSNetflix wants Harry and Meghan 'to explain why they were booed' [ANALYSIS]Queen 'really trusts' Prince William as he has has 'grown in stature' [CLAIMS]Meghan Markle let down by Palace over 'humiliating' investigation [INSIGHT] On Monday, on the eve of his 40th birthday, a series of snaps of Prince William with Mr Martin were released. The big issue seller took the duke under his wing earlier this month and showed him how to sell the Big Issue magazines that give an income to people who are homeless. During the day, the pair sold 32 copies an hour, which would normally take Mr Martin a week. While some on social media dubbed the action a "PR stunt", many others praised it. User Toria said: "Man using his privilege correctly." Vanessa Gillieo wrote: "Thank you, Prince William, for all that you're doing to help people. "You're continuing your mother's work to help the homeless by shining a light on those struggling." Another, under the handle @CambridgeCrown, added: "Well done Prince William, thank you for using your profile to help those most in need."