Princess Anne has long been known as one of the hardest-working members of the Royal Family. In fact, last year alone, the Queen’s daughter carried out 387 official duties – two more than the future King, Prince Charles. Currently, Anne is 17th in line to the throne behind her brothers, their children and grandchildren. However, when she was born, the Princess Royal was just third in line, and she maintained her dedication to the monarchy despite slipping down the accession order. Last week, Anne joined Prince Charles and Prince William during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations in taking the Trooping the Colour salute. During the Epsom Derby, which was also part of the Platinum Jubilee Weekend, she also took the Queen’s place in leading the Royal Family. Now, a poll of Express.co.uk readers revealed the Princess Royal would enjoy some public support should she be considered for the role of Queen. There is no suggestion that Anne will take the mantle from her brother, though she is expected to play a major supporting role to the King and future Queen Consort, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. In a poll that ran from 9:29am on Wednesday, June 8, to 12pm on Friday, June 10, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Princess Anne be considered for Queen?” A total of 3,324 people responded with more than half 59 percent (1,968 people) voting “yes” the Princess should indeed be considered for Queen. A total of 39 percent (1,306 people) voted “no” the Princess should not be considered for the role, and two percent of readers said they didn’t know either way. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on Princess Anne being considered for the role of Queen. Username Dutchess58 agreed with the winning poll result and said: “I think Princess Anne would be great, she's honest.” And username lynniebin had a similar sentiment, saying: “I feel that Princess Anne would be very dedicated, considerate, caring in many different ways, as she has done for quite some time. Princess Anne is the one who is to be Queen, in my thoughts.” READ MORE: Queen kept ‘wonderful’ secret from family for Jubilee Another reader, username Philco58 felt that Anne would not want the role and said: “It's not going to happen, Anne is doing an excellent job now, why on earth would she want to give up the life she has for the chains of Monarchy, even if it were possible.” Username, Mack20 agreed: “Anne seems very happy with her life as a staunch senior supporter of the Monarch. “I am sure she will support her brother as King just as strongly as she has supported her Mother.” Some, however, expressed the opinion that the order of succession should not be meddled with. One reader, username BobPage, said: “No. I have a lot of respect for Princess Anne and think she'd make a better monarch than Charles, but the law is the law – Charles will become King, followed by William then George. We should not interfere in succession laws lightly.” DON'T MISS:SIR Tony Blair’s eye-watering fortune laid bare ahead of Queen honour [INSIGHT]Prince Harry 'very gracious' in showing support to Meghan Markle [LATEST]Richard Madeley rages as Prince Andrew eyes return [ANALYSIS]  Another reader, username mibera, said: “No. Charles is too very hard working and he is the next in line of succession. “I like Princess Anne very much but she is just as good as Charles and no better. “Both of them are divorced, both of them are hardworking, loving countryside, dogs, horses and their grandchildren, have super partners and no celebrity manners. “Both of them are fine but Charles is the first.” Some readers also showed support for Camilla, with username mrs mac writing: “Princess Anne has supported the monarchy all her life with grace and would never accept the position of Queen – also Camilla hasn't put a foot wrong since becoming a senior royal.”