Newcastle United are eyeing a move for Fulham defender Tosin Adarabioyo this summer as Eddie Howe looks to bolster his back line further ahead of his first full season in charge. Movements on the transfer front continue with Adarabioyo while Newcastle work on four potential deals to reinforce several areas of Howe's squad. Newcastle will back Howe again after an active January transfer window, and he is eager to upgrade his defence, Mirror Sport report. The former AFC Bournemouth boss has grown a reputation for developing young players and, despite their newfound wealth, he is keen to do the same as part of a steady project at St. James' Park. Adarabioyo is entering the final year of his Fulham contract and has unsurprisingly attracted interest after featuring in the EFL and PFA Team of the Year for a stellar Championship season. The 24-year-old centre-back has been widely hailed for his composure on the ball and hard-hitting defensive style. Howe has focused most of his recruitment at Newcastle so far on the club's defence, recruiting Kieran Trippier, Dan Burn and Matt Targett for a combined £30m this year. And he is seemingly eyeing one more on top of Adarabioyo as part of five summer signings after the permanent capture of Targett earlier this month. JUST IN: Arsenal target Raphinha has already dropped Gunners transfer hint Newcastle are hoping to complete a deal for highly-rated Lille centre-back Sven Botman but face competition from Serie A champions AC Milan. Howe wants to add a big European name to his back line after missing out on new Aston Villa man Diego Carlos in January. The Magpies also want to add fresh faces to their attack in the former of Manchester United's Jesse Lingard and Reims striker Hugo Ekitike. Lingard will be a free agent on July 1, and a £30m fee has reportedly been agreed for Ekitike, who is open to a move to Tyneside. READ MORE: Man Utd chief Richard Arnold 'lays out four key points in leaked email New technical director Dan Ashworth, recently joining from Brighton & Hove Albion, has his work cut out to ensure Newcastle's first summer transfer window under Saudi-backed ownership is a success. Howe will view fresh blood at centre-half as crucial to building on the club's impressive second half to last season. After helping Fulham gain promotion back to the Premier League, Adarabioyo's stance on his future remains to be seen. But the prospect of joining Howe at a club with lofty aspirations over the next decade will undoubtedly appeal. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here