Over 200,000 spectators will flock to West Sussex over the course of the Goodwood Festival of Speed. Among them, there will be thousands of F1 fans who will get to enjoy several features celebrating their favourite motorsport. One of those will be the presence of an F1 legend Nigel Mansell. Mansell won the 1992 F1 Championship and will celebrate the 30th anniversary of his title-winning season this weekend at Goodwood. The legendary driver will be making several appearances across the weekend. He will also jump into some of the most iconic cars that he had the pleasure of operating during his glorious career. READ MORE: Ford to debut its ‘Very Gay Raptor' at Goodwood Festival of Speed These will include the Williams FW14B that he drove in his 1992 title-winning season, a Lotus 91 and two Ferrari grand prix cars. Speaking ahead of the festival, Mansell said: “I’m looking forward to getting behind the wheel of some of my cars again. “I’m thrilled to be coming to the Festival of Speed this year! “It’s always a wonderful event and I’m looking forward to getting behind the wheel of some of my cars again and celebrating 30 years since my World Championship with all the Goodwood fans.” DON'T MISS Brand new EV with a range of 500 miles taking part in Goodwood [REVEAL] Duke of Richmond launches BMW M3 Touring [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of huge congestions during Goodwood Speed Festival [WARNING] Following his F1 career Mansell became the only person ever to hold both F1 and IndyCar crowns at the same time, by winning the Cart championship in 1993, and he would go on to race in the BTCC and in sportscars through the 1990s and 2000s. Speaking about Mansell’s presence, the Duke of Richmond said: “As we prepare to celebrate the ‘Masterminds of Motorsport’, I am delighted that Nigel will be joining us at the Festival of Speed to celebrate his incredible achievements in Formula 1. “We know our fans will be eager to see Nigel in action on the Hill and have a chance to applaud his historic career.” Mansell will not be the only F1 star present at this year’s festival. READ MORE: The ideal mileage to look for when buying a used car George Russell is also set to attend this weekend’s events. The Mercedes driver will take part in the famous hill climb driving the 2019 Mercedes-AMG F1 W10 EQ Power+. And, the double World Championship-winning car is set to raise some eyebrows. F1 cars will take to the hill on Sunday at 12.20pm and 14.30pm. Hill climbing at Goodwood is a historic event dating all the way back to 1936. In 1936, the grandfather of the current Duke of Richmond and Gordon hosted an event on the estate. The hillclimb event has featured ever since. Last year it was Rob Bell who won the shootout in the McLaren 720S GT3. The McLaren climbed the hill in 45.01 seconds. Sunday promises to bring plenty of excitement to spectators. Not only will there be drama involving F1 cars, but it will also be the last chance for motoring enthusiasts to enjoy features such as the Rally Stage, car manufacturer stands and the paddocks.