Latest tests have shown that almost 2,000 times more particle pollution is produced by tyre wear than is pumped out of the exhausts of modern cars. The shock findings were the result of studies undertaken by a leading independent emissions testing company called Emissions Analytics. The analysts said that tyre particles pollute air, water and soil and contain a wide range of toxic organic compounds, including known carcinogens. This would suggest tyre pollution could rapidly become a major issue for regulators. The requirement for better filters has meant particle emissions from tailpipes in developed countries are now much lower in new cars, with those in Europe far below the legal limit. However, the increasing weight of cars means more particles are being thrown off by tyres as they wear on the road, reported the Guardian. READ MORE: Tourist has car flooded after parking in harbour and ignoring advice The tests also revealed that tyres produce more than a trillion ultrafine particles for each kilometre driven, meaning particles smaller than 23 nanometres. These are also emitted from exhausts and are of special concern to health, as their size means they can enter organs via the bloodstream. Air pollution causes millions of early deaths a year globally. Particles below 23nm are hard to measure and are not currently regulated in either the EU or US. DON'T MISS Parents warned of ‘morning after’ drink driving [WARNING] 15-year-old girl caught teaching dad how to drive [SHOCKING] Drivers face £2,500 fines for arguing while driving [REVEAL] Nick Molden of Emissions Analytics said: “Tailpipes are now so clean for pollutants that, if you were starting out afresh, you wouldn’t even bother regulating them.” He added that an initial estimate of tyre particle emissions prompted the new work. He said: “We came to a bewildering amount of material being released into the environment – 300,000 tonnes of tyre rubber in the UK and US, just from cars and vans every year.” However, there are currently no regulations on the wear rate of tyres and little regulation on the chemicals they contain. The company found the chemicals present in 250 makes of tyre which are made up of rubber derived from crude oil. Mr Molden added: “There are hundreds and hundreds of chemicals, many of which are carcinogenic. “When you multiply it by the total wear rates, you get to some very staggering figures as to what’s being released.” He said that the wear rate of different tyre brands varied substantially and the toxic chemical content varied even more. He added: “You could do a lot by eliminating the most toxic tyres. “It’s not about stopping people driving, or having to invent completely different new tyres. “If you could eliminate the worst half, and maybe bring them in line with the best in class, you can make a massive difference. “But at the moment, there’s no regulatory tool, there’s no surveillance.”