Royal butler Paul Burrell joined Ranvir Singh on Thursday’s Lorraine for a Jubilee special in which he dished a few secrets about life working with the royals as well as the upcoming celebrations. In doing so, the ITV presenter probed Paul on whether or not he knows what the Queen keeps in her handbag - to which the former butler shared a heartwarming story behind a medal Her Majesty keeps in her possession. “I asked you during the break have you ever seen inside the Queen’s handbag,” Ranvir put to Paul. “I have,” he replied to which a surprised Ranvir weighed back in: “You have? What’s inside the Queen’s handbag?” “Just between you and me?” Paul joked. “A handkerchief with her initial on it, a powder compact…” “Oh, really!” a shocked Ranvir said as Paul continued: “Her lippy, and her little bunch of keys that open her red boxes.” READ MORE: Adil Ray explodes at Levin in Sussexes defence ‘What about Andrew!’ However, attached to the keys is an item which Her Majesty holds dear thanks to its ties to her father. He explained: “And on her keys is a beautiful gold St Christopher medal which her father gave her to keep her safe when she travels." “Oh, wow! She takes that with her in her handbag everywhere?” Ranvir probed. “Yes, well no one can spy inside her boxes then, you see,” Paul revealed. Elsewhere in the discussion, Ranvir and Paul discuss the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s return to the UK to take part in the celebrations. The family has been torn in recent years following Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s step back from royal life and a series of televised damning interviews about their time as part of the Royal Family. “The Queen is very fond of Harry, she adores him and she always takes his calls and as a granny, she loves that little unit but she is the Queen as well,” Paul said of the Queen’s reception to Harry. When asked if he was worried about their presence at the Jubilee, Paul replied: "I'm worried about the media. DON'T MISS:The Queen’s treasured item she carries to this day from father GeorgeCoronation Street theory: Cathy Matthews' exit rumbled in Brian twistQueen doesn’t have strawberry jam on her scones - royal chef says "I'm worried about media focusing too much on Harry and Megan and the children rather than focusing on what is important is Her Majesty, this is her celebration. "Our Jubilee is the people's chance to say thank you for your devoted service to our country and we shouldn't be distracted from that." "The Queen wants this,” Ranvir then chipped in regarding her family’s fraught relationships. "The Queen wants a smooth passage," Paul weighed in. "She doesn't like fuss and bother, she really doesn't. "She likes to take a backseat, she doesn't like rough waters, she doesn't like family conflict. So she wants to smooth this out." "But there will be a very cool atmosphere behind closed doors because of what's been said in the past. "You see, some members of the Royal Family have been burned by what Meghan and Harry have said, especially on Oprah and they don't like it. “And so they'll be very careful what is said now in front of them because they could take that back to America and make it part of our commercial platform and use it." Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV.