 The Platinum Jubilee celebrated the Queen’s unprecedented 70 years as head of state with numerous events hosted across the country from June 2 to 5. Despite concerns she may be nearing the end of her reign, Express.co.uk readers think that the Monarchy is affordable and beneficial to the country.  In a series of polls that ran from midday on Friday, May 27, to 2pm on Monday, June 6, Express.co.uk asked readers’ opinions on whether Britain can afford the Monarchy, if the Jubilee celebrations are value for money and if Britain will still have a monarchy in 100 years. First, Express.co.uk asked: “Can Britain afford the Monarchy?” A whopping 15,988 people responded with the majority of readers, 73 percent (11,709 people) answering “yes”, Britain can afford the Monarchy. A further 23 percent (3,719 people) said “no” while four percent (560 people) said they did not know.  Accounts for the Sovereign Grant show that the Royal Family costs the taxpayer £87.5million in 2020/21. This is an increase of £18.1million on the previous financial year and equivalent to £1.29 per person in the UK. In the 2021 budget, Chancellor Rishi Sunak earmarked £28million to deliver “a major celebration for the UK” to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee which worked out at an additional £1 per household. Next, Express.co.uk asked: “Is the Jubilee value for money?” Overall, 15,964 people cast their votes and 70 percent (11,233 people) said “yes”, the Jubilee is value for money. Meanwhile, 24 percent (3,844 people) said “no” and six percent (887 people) said they did not know.  Before the festivities began, the Centre for Retail Research expected celebrants to spend over £400million. The Jubilee may cost the economy £2.4billion in lost output, based on research around the last two jubilees. However, after previous jubilee celebrations the economy has experienced a “bounce-back” which can make up for the losses. Then, Express.co.uk asked: “Will the Royal Family still rule Britain in 100 years time?” In total, 15,976 people answered this question and a small majority, 52 percent (8,327 people), said “yes”, Britain will be ruled by the Royal Family in 100 years. Some 28 percent (4,531 people) answered “no” while 20 percent (2,118 people) said they did not know either way.   Some view the Queen’s reign as the end of the Monarch in Britain. Ahead of the Jubilee celebrations an anti-monarchy pressure group Republic displayed posters on billboards across the country which read: “Make Elizabeth the last”. The group wrote on its funding page: “As we approach the end of the Queen’s reign the country needs an honest, grown-up debate about the monarchy. “We need to stop and ask ourselves: Can’t we just choose our next head of state?” DON'T MISSKate and William issue cheeky statement on Prince Louis' 'great time' at 'special' Jubilee [LATEST]Meghan Markle and Prince Harry stuck 'babysitting' Tindall children during Jubilee [INSIGHT]'She had enough' Princess Charlotte steps in to scold Prince Louis at Jubilee [VIDEO]  Readers were complimentary of the Royal Family and the role they play in Britain in their comments. One reader, username JanetWCQ1958 said: “I would rather my money go to a Monarchy than an elected President any day. The Queen has been an exemplary Head of State for 70 years and her family show the same dedication as she has.” Username Gr8nny1 said: “The Royal Family brings in a huge amount of money from public service. They turn up, rain or shine and perform their duties. They are so worth the amount paid by the taxpayer.” Username Patriot4 said: “Of course we can afford it, the Queen brings money to the country, a lot of countries envy Britain and its Royal Family.” And username gillmags wrote: “Yes, the Monarchy is great value for money, great for stability and great for the UK.”