However, many are wondering what to do if they have not yet received the latest cost of living support. Recently, the Government has rolled out various support payments to address the financial pressures being placed on everyday families. These include inflation hitting nine percent and energy bills forecast to reach £2,800 annually by October. The council tax rebate is available to households in bands A to D and has been created to address the impact of the cost of living crisis. Overall, every person in these tax brackets make up 80 percent of all people in the country, according to Government statistics. Unlike other support payments, those who are eligible do not need to apply as the rebate will automatically be awarded to them. Eligible households also do not need to pay back the extra £150 to their local council in light of the rise in the cost of living. READ MORE: 'I didn't eat for a week!' Mum of three devastated after losing £4,000 in bank scam All council tax rebates will be paid directly to recipients and will not be deducted from their final bill. If someone pays their council tax by direct debit, the rebate will likely be sent straight to their bank account in April 2022. Conversely, if an eligible person does not pay off their tax bill via this payment method, their local council will reach out to them to address how the rebate will be delivered. It should be noted those who live in council tax brackets E to H are not eligible for the rebate but could receive other support.  Pension Credit claimants may be able to get a council tax reduction if they get the guarantee part of the DWP benefit payment. Furthermore, the Council Tax Discretionary Relief (CTDR) is available for those who are unable to pay their bill due to exceptional circumstances and claim the council tax reduction. While many councils have delivered the rebate to their constituents, some households are still waiting for the support. As the wait continues, many families in need of financial assistance are wondering what they should do if they have yet to get their £150. Councils across the country have until September 30 to administer the tax rebate to eligible households which means the deadline has yet to pass. All councils have a contact page on their website for those who are concerned about what to do while waiting or are looking to see if there is any issue regarding their claim. On the USwitch website, the energy comparison site noted that people who pay by direct debit will likely receive the rebate first and those who pay through other methods may have to wait longer. USwitch stated: “People who pay by direct debit will automatically get this rebate paid directly into their account, so it is worth considering setting up a direct debit to receive the rebate quicker. “Those who pay by other methods will be contacted by their council and invited to make a claim. “If you are in a higher council tax band and not eligible for the rebate, keep an eye out for the discretionary £140million fund being set up to help those who are struggling.”