The fast-food chain has re-recorded its well-known jingle for the first time in its history to honour Her Majesty celebrating a monumental 70 years on the throne. The new regal version was created in collaboration with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra which will be replacing the iconic jingle on TV adverts across the weekend.  A spokesperson for McDonalds said: "The McDonald’s ‘Five Note Sting’, the jingle played at the end of its advertising and familiar to millions simply as “ba da ba ba ba”, was re-recorded by the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra. "A 35-strong ensemble featuring brass, strings, percussion, and woodwind recorded a regal version of the brand’s iconic sound, sure to gain a royal seal of approval." Along with altering the jingle, the classic tagline "I'm lovin' it" will also be slightly different for the weekend with it instead reading, "one’s lovin’ it". As well as one of the most famous burger and fast food chains changing things up for the Jubilee, a Burger Shack has invented a Jubilee Burger to mark the occasion.  Annie's Burger Shack in both Nottingham and Derby created the burger by topping the patty with roast beef slices and royal recipe mushroom cream and Balmoral whisky sauce. In a feast fit for royalty, the dish also features a "silver platter" crouton with mini Melton Mowbray pork pie with Colman's mustard, a slice of mature Royal Cathedral cheddar, a coronation chicken ball and an Earl Grey lemon chamomile flower scone with lemon clotted cream, Tiptree rindless marmalade, lemon icing and edible English rose petals to top it off. For those who wish to adorn their street party food table with condiments, there are special versions of the nation's favourite sauce to honour the historic event. Heinz Salad Cream and HP Sauce have both gone through an outfit change for the Jubilee with Heinze releasing limited-edition bottles labelled 'HM Sauce' and 'Heinz Salad Queen'. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry awarded 'exceptional status' ahead of Jubilee  The bottles are on shelves already and the Senior brand manager at Heinz Anke Von Hanstein said: "Releasing limited-edition bottles in time for the Jubilee felt like the perfect fit. "This is an extraordinary moment for the Queen and the great British public, and we want to celebrate this with two of our most well-loved and historic sauces." Following from regal food to celebrate the weekend's events, Legoland in Windsor, the popular attraction famed for its depictions of landmarks and cities out of Lego has also released a new display for the celebration. Legoland has revealed a miniature display of the Royal Family which includes a miniature replica of Her Majesty. Head model maker Paula Laughton said: "The royal connection between Windsor and Her Majesty meant that our model maker team had to pull out all the stops to mark this monumental occasion here in Miniland. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: 'Snobbish!' Breakthrough plan savaged as 'best' excludedRussian Ministers accused of committing over 15k suspected war crimesOlaf Scholz loses grip in EU as Eastern Europe turns away  "It's always a joy to be able to recreate iconic moments in British history in Lego form, and we hope guests to the resort will enjoy catching a glimpse of the Queen as they've never seen her and the Royal Family before with a little miniature majesty." The stunning model which features a detailed version of Buckingham Palace took hours to make - with the Queen alone taking 15 hours to create. The Prince of Wales, The Duchess of Cornwall, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and their children all feature in the exhibit. The set is made out of over 18,000 Lego blocks and took model makers roughly 282 hours to construct in total. 