Gardeners' World star Monty Don was found by his wife after a terrifying collapse, and rushed to hospital where morphine was injected into his veins. The star had succumbed to a bad case of peritonitis, which can quickly prove fatal if left untreated. Monty, 52, had been filming for the TV series Around The World in 80 Gardens when he became unusually exhausted. "I said to my director 'I feel really tired' and then woke up in the middle of the night feeling dreadful," he told Amateur Gardening magazine. "My wife found me collapsed. If she had not found me I would have died. "I got into an ambulance at 2am and they stuck morphine into my veins." READ NOW: ‘Had no alternative’ Trinny Woodall was once forced to sell her house He had contracted peritonitis just before he travelled to South Africa. The father of three, who has also been open about his battle with depression, had become run down after taking on a heavy workload. He had not taken a holiday for two years at the time of his collapse. Peritonitis develops after the intestines become perforated and it can be deadly, so reacting quickly is vital.  "She said you have to see a doctor because I can't cope with you and three small children and our life as it is," he explained to The Times in an earlier interview. He recalled suffering "childish, pathetic, bleating pain" which left him distraught. His daughter Freya and sons Adam and Tom would lament: "Why is Daddy always crying?", which led Sarah to realise he needed professional help - for the sake of the entire family. "Antidepressants helped initially and I had cognitive behavioural therapy on the NHS, which was very good," he added. Monty later wrote a book with his wife, called The Jewel Garden: A Story of Despair And Redemption, and it was released in 2005. It told of how the gardening projects that made Monty a household name "rose from the ashes of a spectacular commercial failure". The gardening star also had his religious beliefs to fall back on, admitting that he was raised a "strict Christian" and is now "pantheistic". "What I feel about gardening [is if] you put your energy into the energy that is already there, you can do anything," he explained.