Ms Maxwell’s attorneys outlined her allegedly perilous conditions in jail and noted her emotionally distressing upbringing in an attempt to argue for leniency in a pre-sentencing report. The disgraced British socialite was found guilty of child sex trafficking among other offences in connection with the late billionaire and convicted sex offender Jeffery Epstein. Her attorney’s also made the shocking claim that “an inmate in Ms Maxwell’s unit threatened to kill her, claiming that an additional 20 years’ incarceration would be worth the money she’d receive for murdering Ms Maxwell”. They said a female inmate told at least three others that she had been offered the money and planned to “strangle” Ms Maxwell in her sleep. The attorneys also detailed Ms Maxwell's abusive upbringing outlining how her father, Robert Maxwell, had hit her hand with a hammer leaving it “leaving it severely bruised and painful for weeks”. Ms Maxwell, 60, was convicted on December 29, 2021 of sex trafficking and other charges relating to luring girls as young as 14 into the late Jeffery Epstein's circle for him to abuse between 1994 and 2004. She continues to insist that she is innocent.  Mr Epstein was a rich billionaire with friends the likes of Prince Andrew and Bill Clinton. He was arrested in July 2019 on sex trafficking counts but killed himself while he was awaiting trial in New York City. He had previously been convicted of sexual offences in 2008. Ms Maxwell is scheduled to face sentencing on June 28 and could face up to 55 years in prison. The US probation department, which makes recommendations on sentencing, has suggested Ms Maxwell be sentenced to 240 months, or 20 years, in prison. Her fate will ultimately be decided by a judge. Her attorneys have argued that Ms Maxwell shouldn't be punished in place of Jeffery Epstein, who died before he could stand trial. READ MORE: Mike Tindall branded Prince Harry a 'b*****d' at Palace party   They said in their report: “Ms Maxwell cannot and should not bear all the punishment for which Epstein should have been held responsible. "Ms Maxwell has already experienced a hard time during detention under conditions far more onerous and punitive than any experienced by a typical pretrial detainee, and she is preparing to spend significantly more time behind bars.” They added: “Ms Maxwell is not a dangerous criminal or a habitual offender. She is someone who wants nothing more than to live a normal family life – something she was denied because of her association with Epstein and will now almost certainly never have.” Ms Maxwell’s siblings also made claims that her abusive father had led her to become “vulnerable to abusive and powerful men” like Jeffery Epstein in the sentencing submission. DON't MISS:Royal Family: 'Kick in teeth' Meghan 'ready' to turn back on UK [LIVE]Russia troops on brink of 'deep freeze' as Putin's to halt advance [REPORT]Warning issued over strange foam appearing on garden plants [INSIGHT]  It said: “We witnessed our father taking Ghislaine under his wing whereby she became over dependent on his approval and vulnerable to his frequent rapid mood swings, huge rages and rejections. “This led her to becoming very vulnerable to abusive and powerful men who would be able to take advantage of her innate good nature. It is striking that Ghislaine did not show any perverse behaviour before she met Epstein. Nor did she show any after leaving him, which she eventually managed to do. “The effect of our father’s psychologically abusive treatment of her, foreshadowed Epstein’s own ability to exploit, manipulate and control her.” Ms Maxwell's sentencing is due to take place on June 28. 