Queen Elizabeth, 96, was forced to abort a landing at RAF Northolt in west London following some meteorological issues, a Buckingham Palace spokesperson has confirmed. Her Majesty delayed her return to London by around 15 minutes before she travelled to Windsor ahead of Platinum Jubilee celebrations later this week. The monarch's 13-seater plane circled around for a quarter of an hour until it was deemed safe enough to make a second attempt at landing at RAF Northolt, according to the Sun. A Buckingham Palace spokesperson said: "The Queen's flight was delayed due to a lightning storm, all the correct procedures were followed and there were no safety concerns." But an insider told the Sun: “In circumstances like this you take no risks and it was right to abort landing during lightning strikes.” The 86ft long Embraer 135 private jet took off amid a downpour shortly after 1pm. JUST IN: 'Something is packed!' Royal chef says Queen brings sweet snack during visits to London The Queen had reportedly been staying at Balmoral's Craigowan Lodge. After the Queen safely touched down, Her Majesty made the 15mile journey to Windsor Castle. The Queen was snapped in the back seat of the car alongside one of her beloved corgis, which is believed to be Candy. The 96-year-old, who will celebrate 70-years on the British throne later this week, had travelled to the English capital from Aberdeen. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie net worth laid bare as she eyes Portugal move with husband Jack The Queen's visit to Scotland came as she took a short break before festivities begin on Thursday. Her Majesty will be called into action at other celebratory events over the course of the four-day bank holiday weekend. The Trooping of the Colour will be the first event on Thursday. The Queen will later appear on the balcony at Buckingham Palace for a traditional RAF flypast. DON'T MISS:Ukrainian refugee sees looted item on Russian tank [REVEALED]Ukraine LIVE: Putin chemical plant strike fills city with toxic fumes [LIVE]Brits brace for ‘cool’ week as cloud and rain brings thundery showers [ Brits will be able to mark the Jubilee on Thursday evening as around 2,000 towns, villages, and cities will light beacons together as one is lit at Buckingham Palace at 9.45pm. Other events, including the 'Big Lunch', will take place over the long weekend.