The Queen penned a message to people attending Royal Ascot, the five-day-long horse racing event starting today. Her Majesty's message appeared in the race meeting's programme. In the letter, she sad to be "delighted" to be able to welcome horse racing fans back into the racecourse with a full attendance for the first time since 2019. In 2020, due to the Covid regulations, the races went ahead behind closed doors while last year the capacity of the arena was slashed. The sovereign's message read: "I am delighted to welcome you to the first Royal Ascot with a full attendance since 2019. "After the challenges of recent times, this year's Royal Meeting provides a long-awaited opportunity for supporters of racing from all over the world to come together for five days of outstanding sport. "Once again, it is thrilling that horses from around the globe have travelled to Royal Ascot to compete at the highest level." She then mentioned her Platinum Jubilee year and the Green Canopy initiative - a nationwide tree-planting drive in the name of the sovereign to make a lasting and green tribute to the Queen. She said: "I have been most grateful for the continued kindness shown to me by the racing community. "In my Platinum Jubilee year, I was interested to learn that in support of The Queen's Green Canopy initiative, Ascot Racecourse and the Crown Estate have planted 70 oak trees in Windsor Great Park, each of which is linked to a local school. READ MORE: Queen 'laying the groundwork' ahead of next reign to smooth transition "I hope you all have an enjoyable and memorable time, and I wish connections of the horses running this week the very best of luck." In past years, the Queen would normally attend all the five days of races. Last year, she headed to the racecourse on its final day, accompanied by her racing manager John Warren. Earlier today, royal sources suggested fans can hope to see the Queen at some point over the next few days of races, as the monarch has a few horses to cheer on including Reach for the Moon. Royal editor Roya Nikkhah tweeted: "The Queen is expected to return to the races this week at @Ascot after missing the Epsom Derby. "Royal sources say Her Majesty is keen to watch some of her runners and has 10 entries at the meeting, including Kings Lynn and Reach for the Moon. HM will travel by car not carriage." Today, however, the sovereign won't be among the members of the Firm in attendance. At noon, Ascot Racecourse released who will take part in the carriage procession today, with the monarch set to be represented by Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. During the procession, the Queen's heir and his wife will share the carriage with Peter Phillips, Princess Anne's daughter. The Princess Royal, who competed in the Montreal Olympics as an equestrian, is also to take part in the procession, and will sit in the third carriage. Among today's royal racegoers were spotted Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi and Princess Beatrice. As a major fan of Ascot, Beatrice is expected to attend more than one day of races. The Queen's absence may be due to her episodic mobility issues, which she has been experiencing since last autumn. The monarch last made a public appearance outside of Palace walls on June 5, on the final day of the Platinum Jubilee. On Monday, Buckingham Palace released a picture of the sovereign standing, with the help of a cane, between Camilla and Prince Charles ahead of the Order of the Garter service. This service marked the first attended by the Duchess as a Lady of the Order.