Sunday’s Platinum Jubilee Pageant drew the weekend’s events marking the monarch’s seventieth year on the throne to a close. But for baby August, it was his first royal event as he was spotted bouncing on mother Eugenie’s knee during the procession. One-year-old August was adorably dressed in a pale blue jumper emblazoned with a Union Jack, with Eugenie sat next to her husband, Jack Brooksbank, in the Royal Box. Writing on Instagram, Princess Eugenie said the Platinum Jubilee Pageant on Sunday afternoon was “just incredible”. She added: “To all the people that took part, organised it, made it flawless for us all watching, THANK YOU. You made us all so proud.” She also shared an adorable video of her baby son, showing him enthusiastically waving and pointing. Royal fan @rumbledolly wrote: “That is one adorable kiddo you’ve got!” Another account, @maryxxthomas, praised the Queen’s great-grandson as "so so adorable". Reacting to the post, @melgordon71 cooed: "Just gorgeous!" Replying to Eugenie's post, @rabensteinplatz wrote: "Looks not just like you but also like a little Princess Beatrice." READ MORE: Harry faced 'painful 19 minutes' as 'reality of new life sinks in' Daily Mail Editor Rebecca English again pointed out the resemblance between young August and Eugenie’s sister, Beatrice, as a child. She wrote on Twitter: “Little August, Princess Eugenie’s son, looks so like his aunty Beatrice as a baby.” Princess Eugenie has previously shared images of her son, whose full name, August Philip Hawke Brooksbank, pays tribute to Eugenie's late grandfather, Prince Philip. But in the images, Eugenie has always been careful to hide young August's face. DON'T MISS: Jubilee LIVE: Meghan and Harry missing AGAIN as Sussexes absent [LIVE] POLL: Would you like to see more of Meghan and Harry after Jubilee? [VOTE] Fury at Harry and Meghan for keeping their children away [REACTION] But Eugenie's message of thanks in her Instagram caption echoed the sentiments of the Queen, who released a statement following the pageant. After the Queen made a final appearance of the weekend on Buckingham Palace's balcony, Her Majesty thanked the nation "most sincerely" for the "good wishes" and participation "in these happy celebrations". She said in her written message: "When it comes to how to mark 70 years as your Queen, there is no guidebook to follow. "It really is a first. "But I have been humbled and deeply touched that so many people have taken to the streets to celebrate my Platinum Jubilee. "While I may not have attended every event in person, my heart has been with you all; and I remain committed to serving you to the best of my ability, supported by my family. "I have been inspired by the kindness, joy and kinship that has been so evident in recent days, and I hope this renewed sense of togetherness will be felt for many years to come. "I thank you most sincerely for your good wishes and for the part you have all played in these happy celebrations."