Alison Hammond and Dermot O'Leary returned to ITV on Friday morning to present the latest episode of This Morning. During the show, Gyles Brandreth hosted a fashion segment on crocs making a comeback and Alison was even sporting a pair of the rubber clogs for viewers. However, Dermot highlighted his dislike for the shoes and refused to try a pair on. Dermot held up a pair of bright blue crocs to ITV viewers and admitted it was the closest he had ever gotten to the shoes.Alison asked: "Why do people dislike them so much, Gyles? It's like Marmite."Gyles said it was prejudice before Alison made a cheeky jibe at Dermot: "That's exactly what it is, it's snobbery."Dermot, clapped back: "It's nothing to do with snobbery."Alison challenged him to try a pair of crocs on but Dermot refused. READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen Alison challenged Dermot to try a pair of crocs he was holding but Dermot flat out refused. Gyles then demanded Dermot tried on the shoes, telling him: "Go on, get your socks off." Dermot clapped back: "Listen, let me tell you, I used to work in a kitchen and if I worked in a kitchen still I would be wearing these all the time. "I would wear them all day long, absolutely."  He told Alison and Gyles he thought NHS workers should be given crocs free of charge for them to wear at work. However, the This Morning presenter added: "Aesthetically, they just don't do it for me." Alison called him a "snob" again in jest to which Dermot replied: "No, I am not a snob, it's a called having taste." After Dermot made his views on the practical footwear clear, Gyles showcased an array of different types of crocs to This Morning fans which included high-heeled crocs and tie-dyed crocs. DON'T MISS...Alison Hammond 'torn' over revealing secret boyfriend after past split [LATEST]ITV slams claims Alison Hammond and Dermot O’Leary are 'bickering' [UPDATE]Alison Hammond sparks backlash for 'tone-deaf' This Morning segment [REACTION]  Many viewers took to Twitter to comment on the fashion segment after Gyles explained celebrities such as Nicki Minaj and Justin Bieber were fans of the shoe. Michelle Pearce commented: "Have never worn them but the tie-dye dipped ones might sway me." (sic) Sophie remarked: "Crocs are ugly but I used to wear them when I worked in a busy maternity unit and was on my feet for 12 hours a day. "I now have some by the back door to just slip on when I go into the garden but I don’t think I’d wear them to the pub."   Mariam said: "@Thismorning I'm with @radioleary, the look of crocs make me cringe so much. They are repulsive to look at, but I totally get the comfort factor." Stephanie added: "Crocs are the most unattractive footwear ever to exist. They make me feel sick just looking at them #ThisMorning." Sara said: "I’ve still got the Crocs I bought in 2007. I only wear them in the garden but they’re very comfy. My husband is on his second pair and wants new ones for our holidays." This Morning airs on weekdays from 10am on ITV. 