Manchester United are looking to sign a new full-back this summer. And it was recently reported that, once they’ve recruited Frenkie de Jong, they’re primed to pursue Feyenoord star Tyrell Malacia. The left-back has impressed over the past 12 months and impressed as his club reached the UEFA Conference League final in May, where they were beaten by Roma in the final. This summer marks the beginning of yet another new era at United. Erik ten Hag has been chosen to be the club’s new manager, with the 52-year-old fending off competition from Mauricio Pochettino to be named as the club’s next permanent boss. And, as he looks to strengthen the squad, Malacia has emerged as a potential target. The left-back flourished for Feyenoord last term, scoring once and registering four assists from 32 Eredivisie appearances. So, amid talk he could be set for a sensational move to United this summer, Express Sport will now take a look at how it would be bad news for the likes of Luke Shaw, Alex Telles and Aaron Wan-Bissaka. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez Shaw has been a regular for United ever since his arrival from Southampton back in the summer transfer window of 2014, when Louis van Gaal was manager. But, barring an excellent couple of years under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, he’s often struggled for consistency at Old Trafford. Shaw, on his day, is one of the best left-backs on the planet. That can’t be disputed, with his performances for England at last year’s European Championships particularly impressive. But United need somebody they can count on week in, week out. Shaw, over the years, has failed to be that player. Malacia could become the club’s first-choice left-back if he joins from Feyenoord and, for United’s current No 23, that would damage his chances of getting into the team on a weekly basis. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen Back in the summer transfer window of 2020, United scoured the market looking for a new left-back. And, in the end, they snapped up Alex Telles from Porto - with the Brazil international arriving with big expectations having done well in the Primeira Liga. Telles impressed on his debut, shining in a memorable 3-2 victory over Paris Saint-Germain at the Parc des Princes. But that’s been about as good as it’s got. If Malacia arrives, the Samba star would find himself third in the pecking order. For an established and experienced full-back, that’s unlikely to please him. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team United have already deemed Brandon Williams surplus to requirements, despite the youngster impressing on loan at Norwich City last term. And, if Malacia arrives, that would only increase his chances of leaving the club this summer. Williams was tipped for the top by Solskjaer, who was impressed with his attitude and his potential to get better in the coming years ahead. However, Ten Hag appears to think differently at the current moment in time. Williams, should he stay, would be fourth-choice at Old Trafford. And that simply isn’t good enough for a player who is approaching the best years of his career. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Speaking recently, Malacia was asked about his future amid links to United. And he hinted he was ready to pursue a new challenge at one of Europe’s biggest clubs, saying: “I am certainly ready for the next step.” He also added: “But first I want to focus on the Orange squad and play here. “I feel like everything happens for a reason and everything is written. “If it’s the right time, it’s the right time. I’m not really thinking about it, it’s in the back of my mind. “But I don’t want to comment on it.”