But a note of caution before you fly into a tailspin of concern. Stories detailing the dreadful state of the nation’s five-year-olds have been flowing for decades. I know, because I wrote about the appalling shortcomings in parenting 33 years ago. I can pinpoint the year because I’d just given birth to my younger daughter. I recall the anguish with which I informed my readers that teachers were horrified to find infants either speaking only Spanish because they spent more time with au pairs than with their parents, and/or unable to play with toys because they were so under-stimulated they didn’t have a clue what to do with them. Cue outrage, indignation, shock and horror. Cue complacent older parents declaring that their style of parenting is superior. I’ve come to anticipate these disturbing annual bulletins on the tardy development of our youngest pupils. Sometimes they tell us that children pitch up in the playground still in nappies, because today’s parents are too pathetically self-obsessed to tackle toilet training. Sometimes they tell us children can’t even grapple with knives and forks having been given leave by laissez-faire mums and dads to eat everything with their fingers. They tell us children are incapable of sitting down to listen to a story, or that they’re so unused to being spoken to they don’t respond to their names, or that they find it impossible to focus long enough for the simplest elements of play. What we’re never told, is the good news. That within days – sometimes hours – of getting used to school these little flowers unfurl. That quiet children, often simply shy rather than non-verbal, start chatting and have to be asked to pipe down. That nappy-wearers, if they exist at all, mirror their classmates’ behaviour and learn to use the loo sharpish. It goes on. Children that hadn’t hitherto listened to stories quickly catch on to an absorbing plot with endearing characters and learn to pay attention. The anti-knife and fork brigade are gently shown how to cut a fish-finger and learn quickly. All because our patient and talented teachers work miracles. So let’s all breathe, drop our shoulders and relax about such stories. I tip my hat to the Duchess of Cornwall for ignoring detractors and pushing on with her spirited book club The Reading Room, and will add my coat and gloves to Camilla for saying that children should learn poems by heart. She’s right. Each verse committed to memory sets up what she calls “a little store where you have all these poems in you for the rest of your life and at some point... you can bring them out and talk about them.” My parents made me learn a poem a day in the school holidays. I may have forgotten what I had for lunch yesterday but the adventures of The Jumblies, Matilda who told “such dreadful lies” and Leigh Hunt’s Abou Ben Adhem will stay with me until the end of my days. Emily Maitlis’s Prince Andrew interview was enthralling. How, bewildered viewers wondered, could the man be so delusional? How could he fail to appreciate the awkwardness of his replies? How could he not have imagined the “I don’t sweat” and “Pizza Express at Woking” phrases would be regurgitated in every pantomime in the land? When we heard afterwards the Prince, below, thought the broadcast had gone well, we were stunned. Yet nothing could have prepared us for the news that just five months after being stripped of royal duties, he thinks the time is right for a comeback. It is said he’s lobbying to be reappointed colonel of the Grenadier Guards and angling for “blood prince” privileges. Is the Queen going to have to spell it out in words of one syllable or shall we? “Fat chance. No way!” The House of Commons promises to be a “menopause friendly” employer. Mine has chugged along for 12 years, and despite a hellish permutation of symptoms – a male producer once informed me I’d taken my cardigan on and off 36 times in an hour-and-a-half – I can’t think how my employers could be more menopause-friendly. They could refrigerate the studio, but that would only work until the flush abated. Then I’d be chilly. They could help sleepless nights by making my start time later but I present an early breakfast show, which kicks off at 4am, so no lie-in. Now Sir Lindsay Hoyle, Speaker of the House of Commons, wants everyone talking about the menopause. But what is to be said? If you take HRT the symptoms go away. If, like me, you can’t, you are pretty much stuck. Not much of a conversation, is it? Michael Owen says he’s in agonies of embarrassment watching daughter Gemma cavorting on Love Island. He needn’t be. Ms Owen is disporting herself in swimwear from her own collection, with a business future firmly in mind. What’s more, she is behaving with admirable composure despite being “coupled” with no fewer than three ardent suitors in the space of a week, and confronted with the arrival of one of her exes to inject further spice into the mix. Young Gemma, 19, has a cool head on her young shoulders. She’s a raving beauty and clearly knows precisely how to use the show to promote her commercial interests. So far she is not just a credit to her old man but a chip off the old proverbial. Say it ain’t so. There is a shortage of nude butlers. What are hen party frolickers to do? A nationwide provider called Butlers With Bums has launched a recruitment drive. Covid-cancelled weddings are up and running, and brides-to-be have snapped up the services of those flunkeys who only have a delicately positioned apron covering their particulars. This means there’s a famine of such chaps. The message in this is clear. Check with your nearest and dearest and if their buns pass muster, tell them to man up and come to the aid of the party.