In May, shop prices rose to the fastest rate in more than ten years, after the Bank of England warned that annual consumer inflation was expected to top 11 percent by the autumn. The current inflation rate, shown through data from the Office for National Statistics, is already at nine percent, which is its highest level in four decades. Off the back of rising prices, a survey published earlier this month found that more than one in five people in Britain were skipping meals or reducing their portion sizes because of the price of food. East Londoner George, 29, told Express.co.uk that “things are really tough for people here”, and a “lot of people are getting outraged and angry”. Speaking in Whitechapel, he said: “That pint’s cost me £6.60! “It’s 13 quid for a burger in there.” He added: “I worry for my family members. Things are that difficult to pay for.” “I worry about the future for my kids.” Dagenham-born civil servant George then recounted: “I bought some lemons and some peanut butter the other day, and it cost me a fiver! From Tesco!” “I looked at it and thought, Jesus Christ, that’s awful.” READ MORE: M6 CLOSED after lorry overturns – drivers face hours of traffic chaos This comes as Tesco, which is the UK’s largest supermarket, reported a sharp drop in sales due to customers feeling the bite of “unprecedented increases in the cost of living”. Tesco chief executive Ken Murphy said there were “some early indications of changing customer behaviour as a result of the inflationary environment”. He added: “Customers are facing unprecedented increases in the cost of living and it is therefore even more important that we work with our supplier partners to mitigate as much inflation as possible.” George then commented: “If you stay at home, it’s costing a fortune to heat your house, to have a hot shower, to heat your food. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: 'Will not accept' Ireland throws down gauntlet [LIVE] POLL: Should log burners be banned after new warning issued? [VOTE] Millions of low-income families feel 'out of control' with finances [REVEAL] “You then go out and buy some food to have at home and you think, ‘Oh my god, this is ridiculous, the cost of that.’ “So you think, ‘I’ll go out.’ Well, that’s screwed and all. “If you’re in a really low-paid job, minimum wage, zero-hours contract, or whatever else it may be, and then you’ve got to go out and get basic essentials to eat, it’s soul-destroying.” Pensioner Tony, from Abbey Wood in southeast London, described how he has always lived a “frugal” life, but will now be careful to monitor his spending as he didn’t have to before. Tony, 70, told Express.co.uk: “I have a few quid in the bank, but they are depleting quite quickly. “Up until recently, if I’ve wanted a cup of coffee, I’ve had it. “These days, I’m much more aware of my expenditure.” He added: “Fortunately, I do live a frugal life, but 10 percent inflation is crazy.”