Strictly Come Dancing host Claudia Winkleman, 48, explained she had a phobia of the stuff - which she called "problematic" because her husband Kris Thykier drinks "great amounts" of it. The BBC favourite recently chatted with comedians Ed Gamble and James Acaster, where she dished on her marriage. In a candid admission, Claudia said: "I don’t like or believe in water, I won’t have it. "If you're walking towards my table and there's a water glass it's a solid no. I’ve never knowingly had water - I don’t like it. I won't have it around.” She added: "My husband drinks great amounts of water and I really like him but it’s problematic. "He’s glugging. Don’t touch me. ‘Claud, Take your bra off.’ I don’t think so - you should be ashamed of yourself.” READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood and Dan Walker urged to 'get a room' Claudia explained: “Imagine you’re on a date - I’ve been with the same man for 100 years. "He’s sitting there and he’s like: ‘I don’t know what to have, what are you going to have? Maybe we should have the same thing’. "And someone comes round and says: ‘Would you like some water?’ And he goes: ‘Yeah, sure.’ "And they give him a pint glass of water and he drinks the whole thing. Are you going to want to kiss this man anymore? No. “A wet mouth with a big fleshy tongue that is covered in liquid.” She added to the Off-Menu podcast: “I want a dry, shrivelled up little man, I want to sleep with Mr Burns, he doesn’t drink water, I want him at the table. "I just don’t like liquid, I don’t like wine, there’s all kinds of stuff. Is this too weird?” Claudia, who is best known for fronting Strictly Come Dancing with Tess Daly, married Kris in London in the summer of 2000. DONT MISS:The One Show blasted by viewers for 'wasted' Rowan Atkinson interview (PHOTOS)Emmerdale's Charley Webb details health woes during heatwave (NEWS)Oti Mabuse called out over intimate moment with husband backstage (LATEST) The Strictly host has also previously admitted that she is scared off by the sight of rice pudding. Celia Walden, 45, interviewed Claudia for Stella magazine and admitted finding it strange how the “fearless” TV personality is frighted by rice pudding. The Telegraph journalist also added that her husband Piers Morgan is “freaked out” by gluten-free foods and massages. Last year, Celia shared a photograph of Claudia looking stylish on the cover of the same magazine with her 29,900 followers. Underneath, she explained how the Strictly host had opened up to her in a revealing new interview where she had discussed her “fears”. Celia typed: “Weird what scares otherwise fearless people. “Claudia’s terrified of rollercoasters and rice pudding. “My husband gets freaked out by gluten-free foods and massages - and I have a terror of revolving doors. “What’s your secret fear? For full interview go to the link in my bio #freakyfears #claudiawinkleman,“ she added.