Olive Norris, aged 92, is the UK’s oldest postmistress and is still happily serving customers in her local area. The devoted worker runs the Post Office in the Norfolk town of Thompson, and regularly delivered newspapers until the age of 88. She was also secretary of the former Village Hall for 62 years, and helped to organise the local Women’s Institute for decades. Ms Norris explained: “I’ve worked at my local Post Office for 67 years and I still love this village. “I have always lived here and made my living here. I enjoy serving the people and giving something back.” Ms Norris’ husband, Archie, was the Postmaster for the area before her, alongside covering Watton and Carbrook. READ MORE: Devastated widow loses life savings of £30,000 after ‘video chat' Mr Norris ran the Thompson Post Office and the village shop from 1948, with Ms Norris working there after they got married in 1955. Ms Norris is also affectionately known as Betty by her customers as her middle name is Elizabeth. This is not the only royal connection the long-serving postmistress has, as she is a devoted royalist. She added: "I think the Queen is amazing. She is a great role model. We are nearly the same age and we are both still working." DON'T MISSEnergy rebate warning as scam tactic 'could drain bank accounts' [VIDEO]Best places to retire in the UK - areas which boast the top care [INSIGHT]State pension to be paid early this week - are you affected? [UPDATE] She has been lucky enough to visit Buckingham Palace on four occasions, the first being when her daughter Teresa received a Gold Duke of Edinburgh award. For her own services to the local community, Ms Norris was awarded with an MBE in 2000. She recounted: “The day I went to Buckingham Palace to have my MBE presented by the Queen was an absolutely unforgettable day, and one I shall always cherish. “When I see news coverage of other people receiving their Honour from the Queen, all the happy memories come flooding back. “The Queen asked me where I was from, and I made her smile with my response. “I said, ‘I am from a tiny village on the edge of an army training area where people only come to Thompson if they have to, or live there!’.” Ms Norris is celebrating the Jubilee this weekend, putting up bunting and flags at the Post Office with her daughter and son-in-law Kevin Blake, with red, white and blue flowers in tubs out front She is also gifting a special Platinum Jubilee 50p coin to every child in the village to help them remember the momentous occasion. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Her father purchased a television in 1953 especially so the family could watch the Coronation. Now, 70 years later, the postmistress will be celebrating in Thompson Community Hall, which opened five years ago. The hall will host the local Jubilee Party for the area with many people excited to mark the occasion. Ms Norris added: “When I was younger, I was always part of the organising committee for any Royal celebration. “Now, my daughter helps, and we are all looking forward to celebrating the Queen’s 70 years of service at our local Jubilee party.”