Sadly, it was one of the main things we couldn’t do as restrictions were in place to protect public health. Now travel is back, it’s vital we make this summer a success. That’s why we have set out 22 measures on what we’re doing to support the aviation industry to minimise disruption as people go on their well-deserved holidays. It’s been over 100 days since we announced that Covid travel restrictions would be removed, becoming the first major country to do so, and we’ve quickly seen bookings soar as the pent-up demand for flights has found relief. But it’s a huge disappointment that the return to flying has not been so straightforward for thousands of people. From long queues at security, to flights being cancelled minutes before departure, and oceans of luggage on airport floors, it’s fair to say the experience many passengers have had is unacceptable. The measures, announced in the House of Commons yesterday, are fronted by five specific expectations we’ve set out to the industry for it to deliver a successful summer. Summer schedules will need to be reviewed, ensuring they are realistic – meaning fewer last-minute cancellations. And there will be increased consumer protection and greater collaboration.  Many of the challenges are largely down to the industry not being able to recruit enough people to run its operations. But I’ve been clear that reaching for the lever marked “more immigration” is not an obvious solution to the problem given staff shortages across the EU and the US. To provide a solution, we have changed the law so industry has more flexibility to train and deploy new staff quickly while maintaining standards. We’re also temporarily allowing airlines to hand back the slots for any flights they don’t realistically think they’ll be able to fly, without losing their rights to use them next season, helping them to better plan ahead.  Holidaymakers deserve certainty ahead of their first summer getaways free of travel restrictions. It would be unwise to suggest there won’t be more delays and cancellations – but these measures should help cut the number of last-minute surprises, giving consumers confidence and allowing them to enjoy that thrill of travelling to the airport, full of excitement for the holiday ahead. It’s now on airports and airlines to commit to running the flights they’ve promised or cancel them with plenty of time to spare so we can avoid the kind of scenes at Easter and half term. 