Caroline Hawley is one of the latest arrivals set to front the BBC show alongside Roo Irvine and Danny Sebastian after already being experienced antique experts. Caroline's first episode presenting Bargain Hunt is set to air on June 27, when she heads to Shropshire. She recently opened up about her love for antiques and revealed the best profit she has ever made at an auction. Touching on her most memorable piece she has sold, Caroline explained: "My greatest profit was an 18th Century fruitwood tea caddy in the form of a pear. "I bought in my early days as a dealer for £2 and sold at auction for a four-figure sum! Also, a stunning 1950's Christian Dior dress bought from a car boot sale in York for £4, sadly or happily, it has not shown a profit as it remains in my wardrobe!" She admitted that her favourite part of the role was: "There are so many aspects of my role that I love. "I enjoy meeting the contestants, all with varying interests and experience but bound by a universal passion and enthusiasm for Bargain Hunt. READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series "I do love the unknown and the challenge of hunting out hidden treasure. Every shop is different." She also opened up as to why she chose a career in antiques and admitted that she never chose the career, and it happened "naturally". "I don't actually feel that I chose a career in antiques, it just seemed to happen naturally. I enjoy all aspects of my working life, and after all these years, I am still learning new things every day. "Whether entering an antique fair or mounting the rostrum, the excitement remains the same as ever. "I think myself very lucky that despite the hard work and the inevitable 'one's that got away', I still wake up to a new and exciting day every day." On her presenting role, she added: “Presenting Bargain Hunt is absolutely amazing. I enjoy it so much! “It’s fantastic to meet so many people with a passion for their subject, whatever that is. I love it all.” The three new presenters will join Natasha Raskin Sharp, Christina Trevanion, Eric Knowles and Charlie Ross as they scour antique fairs across the nation. DON'T MISS...Roo Irvine opens up on biggest challenge of new Bargain Hunt role [INSIGHT]Bargain Hunt confirms three new presenters to join BBC series [LATEST]Bargain Hunt’s Izzie Balmer gives insight into career away from BBC  [MORE] Roo's first episode is set to air Monday, June 13, when she visits an antique fair in Southwell, Nottinghamshire. Touching on what it is like filming, she exclaimed: "[It's] exhilarating, exciting and great fun. I’m loving every second of it! "Bargain Hunt has such a happy, chilled vibe, and that’s down to the contestants and the crew. It’s like a big family. "They say ‘do what you love, and you’ll never do a day’s work again’ – that is definitely me!" Unfortunately for fans, they will have to wait a little longer to see Danny on their screens as his episode will not air until October. He said of the role: “I’m absolutely over the moon, it’s beautiful, really. It’s like a dream come true. “I always thought I’d love to do this job – I’m so extremely fortunate to be given the opportunity. “It’s a fabulous show, very iconic and presenting it has given me a real kick.” Bargain Hunt airs every day from 12.15pm on BBC One.