Carol Vorderman, 61, is among some of the biggest household names in the UK, and is best known for co-hosting on Countdown. So it comes as no surprise that the star's love life often draws attention from her devoted fans. In the past, she has made headlines thanks to her high-profile relationships with journalist and broadcaster Des Kelly and Red Arrows veteran Graham Duff. When she first met them, however, she already had two marriages behind her. Her first husband was Christopher Mather, to whom she tied the knot in 1985 at the age of 24. Christopher was an international rugby league player at the time. The couple divorced a year later in 1986. READ MORE: Kirstie Allsopp says show was stopped after Prince William's arrival Since the split, Carol has spoken on her BBC Radio Wales radio show about their relationship, revealing the marriage was rocky, with the couple splitting up and then getting back together many times. By 1990, the then-29-year-old was remarried to Patrick King, a management consultant. The pair had two children together, Katie and Cameron. Carol and Patrick remained married for 10 years before getting a divorce in 2000. Just a year prior, Carol met broadcaster and British journalist Des Kelly at a Christmas party in 1999. They lived together in London from 2001, as well as spending time in their second house in West Cork, Ireland. After five years of being in a relationship together, the couple separated in December 2006. Des was Carol's last public partner. Since then, Carol, who is now 61, has said that she is very happy to remain single and has said that she doesn't think she will marry again. When asked about the possibility of a third marriage during an appearance on BBC Radio Wales, Carol told co-star Owain Wyn Evans: "Obviously I'm not doing it again!" She has said she doesn't need to be in a relationship to be happy and that she can't imagine sharing her life with anyone. DONT MISS:Carol Kirkwood and Dan Walker urged to 'get a room' (PHOTOS)Regé-Jean Page responds to Bridgerton season three rumours (NEWS)‘All our hearts are broken’ Brad Pitt on life after Angelina split (LATEST) In January 2021, Carol announced that she was single, but was on the dating scene. In an interview with The Telegraph, the star said: "I'm single, and yes, I am dating. Would I marry again? Honestly, I just can't see it. “I’m always on the move and I have a pretty low boredom threshold. My happiness doesn't depend on being part of a couple, I know that." However, that hasn't stopped her from getting out there and going on dates, as she confessed to having "special friends." Carol also revealed that her libido became sky-high after reaching her late 50s. The presenter revealed she doesn't have just one boyfriend and is instead enjoying her freedom. "I get up to a lot of mischief. I have a number of special friends but I’m not doing anything wrong. Everyone’s single," she told Daily Mail in 2020. "And yes, apart from one, they’re all younger than me. I don’t want to settle down. I’m enjoying my freedom." But she won't name names, explaining: "I’ll have broken the code. I never mention them, and they don’t talk about me. “If I told you who they were, I’d have to kill you!" Carol Vorderman appears on Gogglebox tonight at 9pm on Channel 4.