Hundreds of people have claimed to have seen Bigfoot, but these could be linked to humans “from remote inbred tribes” who have spent years becoming more savage, according to a prominent cryptozoologist. Andy McGrath, who has made the claims, has penned books on myths, rumours and reports of unknown, endangered species.  Amongst his work, he has looked into countless half-man, half-ape tales with a degree of scepticism in a bid to unravel the out-of-the-ordinary claims. And Andy claims that tales similar to Bigfoot coule in fact be people born with physical abnormalities caused by inbreeding. He told the Daily Star: "Is it possible that the 'Ngoloko' represents an example of an undiscovered, inbred tribe? One has only to think of its claw-like hand – featuring only a finger and thumb – to be reminded of the V-shaped feet of the nomadic vaDoma tribe, also known as the 'two-toed' or 'ostrich-footed' tribe.” Andy explained the unfortunate condition results from a single mutation and has persisted within the tribe due to their small gene pool and their tribal law, which forbids them from marrying outside the tribe.   As a result of their feet, the tribe have been referred to as ostrich people. Rather than suggesting reports of the Ngoloko are just members of the vaDoma tribe, Andy points out that it is possible that it could be confused with similarly insular communities in Kenya. The Almasti is another legendary human-like creature said to inhabit the Caucasus and Pamir Mountains of Central Asia and the Altai Mountains of western Mongolia. Hypertrichosis also known as werewolf syndrome, is a condition Andy proposes could be behind Almasti claims as it causes excessive hair growth on a person's body.  READ MORE: Putin crisis as major Russian oil field erupts in FLAMES Andy said: "It certainly seems unlikely that a community of humans, so interbred that their physiological traits have begun to resemble a hybrid of human and simian [ape-like] characteristics, could have managed to evade scientific discovery. "As seen in other parts of the world, some uncharacteristic human societies, have at least successfully avoided assimilation and detection in other parts of the world such as the pygmies of the Congo. "Not to mention the recent aerial photos of the unofficially named 'isolated Indians of the upper Humaitá' in the Amazon tribe whose physiological uniquity, we know nothing about and could be genetically cut off from the wide population." Andy also suggests that the Yanomami — a large group of Amazonian natives almost untouched by modern civilisation — might match up with stories of the Salvaje.  DON'T MISS:Drivers urged to follow simple steps at the petrol station [INSIGHT]Princess Michael of Kent to retire - a look back at her wedding tiara [PICTURES]Kate & William's move to Adelaide Cottage is 'a downsize' - see inside [VIDEO]