Mike Tyson has left his coach Rafael Cordeiro with a busted lip after landing a savage punch in training. The former world heavyweight champion uploaded a video on social media of him hitting pads with the same ferocious speed and power that led him to become one of the most feared fighters of his era. But as he unleashed a vicious four-punch combination on the pads, a powerful left hook flung one of his trainer’s pads directly into the mouth of the Brazilian. The impact resulted in significant swelling on his bottom lip, but Cordeiro took it well, stating: “Today was the day, play with fire, it sometimes happens.” The former baddest man on the planet made his long-awaited return to the ring when he faced fellow Hall of Famer Roy Jones Jr in November 2020. Their exhibition bout drew staggering numbers, with over 1.6m pay-per-view buys – priced at $49.49 apiece. The bout ended in a draw over eight rounds and post-fight Tyson revealed that he will fight again. Exactly when is presently unclear but reports suggest it could be against YouTuber turned professional boxer, Jake Paul. It was claimed last year that both men had agreed to a $100million bout, however, this turned out to be false. But it seems talks could be underway for real, as revealed by Tyson during a conversation on Bill Maher’s podcast. MORE BOXING NEWS... Charlo ordered to face Tim Tszyu for undisputed crown Hatton thinks Fury will unretire due to 'boils on backside' Serrano ‘doesn’t want to entertain’ Taylor rematch says Hearn He said: “I'm going to call him sometime Friday and we're going to talk, absolutely. I don't look at him the way society looks at him, I can't even say what they call him.” Paul has previously stated that the Tyson fight is at the top of his bucket list and recently announced he will be fighting again on August 6 at Madison Square Garden, New York. On the bill is a former seven-weight world champion and teammate Amanda Serrano who recently lost a narrow split decision to Katie Taylor in a barn-brawler at the same venue. Paul’s opponent has not been disclosed but among the list of potential fighters are Tyson Fury’s half-brother Tommy Fury, former UFC champion Anderson Silva, and boxing icon Eric “Butterbean” Esch. Amanda Serrano’s opponent is also yet to be disclosed, although she is billed to defend her WBC and WBO featherweight titles back down at her natural weight class.