An early highlight of this weekend’s Festival of Speed at Goodwood was a glimpse of the ever-popular Range Rover Sport, which is all-new for 2022. The updated third generation car was driven up the hill on Thursday as crowds gathered. Jaguar Land Rover has described it as “the most desirable, advanced and dynamically capable” Range Rover Sport yet. Power options include a new V8 and mild hybrid six-cylinder petrol and diesel Ingenium engines. The new 530PS V8 twin turbo offers genuinely sporting performance, completing the 0-60mph sprint in just 4.3 seconds. The new Range Rover Sport will be available in SE and Autobiography specifications, with a special First Edition model available throughout the first year of production. READ MORE: Martin Lewis tells drivers how to find the cheapest fuel Dominic Najafi, chief exterior designer, production and quality design at Jaguar Land Rover said of the car: “The Range Rover Sport is an iconic car for us. It really defines the segment. “This was about making the car more sophisticated, more technologically advanced. “Also our approach to modern luxury by design and taking that modernist approach - reducing elements where possible, reducing ornamentation, extra precision with all the line work.” “It has much slimmer graphics and a visor-like appearance. There’s a sporty low grille that incorporates all the technology and it has a ground-hugging appearance.” An all-electric version of the Sport is likely to arrive in 2024. The car will be available in SE and Autobiography specifications, with a special First Edition model available throughout the first year of production, reported the Coventry Telegraph. Like the new Range Rover, the new Range Rover Sport is based on Land Rover’s advanced, flexible Modular Longitudinal Architecture (MLA-Flex). It will be produced at Jaguar Land Rover’s Solihull factory, which is also home to Range Rover production. Currently the Range Rover Velar and Jaguar F-Pace are also produced at the site, which is the spiritual home of Land Rover and has seen continuous Land Rover production since 1948. Earlier this month Express.co.uk reported on how JLR could be considering manufacturing outside of the UK. Jaguar Land Rover is reportedly "exploring all options" on the supply of batteries for their electric vehicles (EVs) as the UK is currently failing to deliver on their requirements. Tata Motors, which owns Jaguar Land Rover (JLR), is reportedly in talks with foreign battery makers Northvolt and SVolt Energy Technology, to source key supplies for their vehicles. And an automotive expert has said that such a move would be "catastrophic" for the UK car industry. Recent speculation is that the car maker could instead put its factory in Slovakia at the heart of its electric car manufacturing. The state-of -the-art plant in Nitra is where the new Land Rover Defender and Land Rover Discovery are currently made. The UK currently lacks a major electric vehicle battery manufacturing centre with just one gigafactory planned in Sunderland. Dr Charles Tennant, former chief engineer at Land Rover, said: “Whilst this would be catastrophic for the UK automotive industry - and the Jaguar Land Rover workforce - it has not been ruled out by Jaguar Land Rover, who have said that they are continuing to explore all options for EV battery supply and no decisions have been ratified yet.”