Kate Middleton will have access to the top trainers and nutritionists in the world, but that doesn't mean her lean physique is unachievable for those who don't. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Personal Trainer Sarah Campus about how non-royals can get the Duchess' dreamy figure. They say that abs are built in the kitchen, so it's likely that the Duchess of Cambridge enjoys a super nutritious diet. Sarah claimed: "Kate follows a very balanced and colourful nutrition plan." What kind of food and drinks can non-royals try in order to get her slim figure? The expert recommended blending together kale, spinach, romaine, spirulina and blueberries into a nutritious smoothie. READ MORE: How Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall stays 'fit and slim' at 74 - tips "This nutrient-rich drink is packed with vitamins and minerals that are known to promote healthy skin and reduce the risk of disease." The expert added that salad is also a likely preferred meal of the Duchess. Ingredients such as watermelon, avocado, onions, cucumbers, and feta cheese are both delicious and healthy. The Duchess previously told BBC Radio One that her "favourite" takeaway food is curry. A whole vegetable curry packed with lentils is a great nutritious meal that non-royals can try. Sarah emphasised that in addition to healthy eating, Kate is likely to lead an extremely active lifestyle. "Kate Middleton is known to enjoy both cardio and strength training." The Duchess probably enjoys a spot of cycling and HIIT on a treadmill for cardio, and weight-lifting and yoga for strength, according to the expert. This ensures that the royal does a combination of both aerobic (endurance) and anaerobic (short and intense) exercise. "Kate has found that combining both of these training styles have resulted in her robust, and slim figure, as well as enhanced energy and a steady dose of delicious endorphins." According to Sarah, this training is "certainly necessary" for a busy woman like Kate, who has both royal duties and three children to take care of. Looking after three young children under 10-years-old also requires a lot of running around, so undoubtedly Kate gets a lot of exercise this way too. Despite the Duchess having access to the best personal trainers and fitness experts should she need them, these exercises are not for royalty alone. Sarah told Express.co.uk how readers can work out like Kate at home. "They need to be consistent with a functional workout programme that is suitable to their body type and their goals. "People should certainly look at performing at least 30 minutes of functional movement daily and look to add in some weight training if they don’t already." But what is the "most important thing" for those who want Kate's physique? According to the expert this is "consistency", coupled with "balanced nutrition". Sarah Campus is the founder of LDN MUMS FITNESS.