When Freddie Mercury died on November 24, 1991, his funeral service was conducted by a Zoroastrian priest at West London Crematorium three days later. The 45-year-old’s family, Queen and 35 of his close friends including Elton John were in attendance. His former girlfriend Mary Austin was given his ashes and buried them secretly in a spot that she will never reveal. It’s been rumoured over the years that Freddie’s personal possessions were also burnt in accordance with Zoroastrianism. However, his sister Kashmira Bulsara has since disputed this. The 70-year-old is the Queen singer’s younger sister who was born six years after him in 1952 in Zanzibar. Other members of the Bulsara family are still alive, but the only surviving person who lived through his childhood with him is her. She inherited 25 per cent of his wealth, alongside his parents in his will, but most of his estate is with Mary in accordance with his wishes. On the myth that Freddie’s belongings were destroyed after his death, a statement on behalf of Kashmira said this week: “Unfortunately it seems that the information that has been supplied about his belongings being burnt is not correct. Everything that Freddie’s family had access to or were given have been kept in memory of Freddie and is still with Kashmira today. Nothing was burnt due to the family’s beliefs and this is not part of the Zoroastrian faith.” One personal possession of Freddie’s that is going on display to the public for the first time at London’s Postal Museum, is his childhood stamp collection. The album, full of British Commonwealth stamps from growing up in Zanzibar in the 1950s, displays his early artistic talents as seen by how they’re creatively arranged in shapes. The book was bought at auction in 1993 with proceeds going to The Mercury Phoenix Trust. DON'T MISSBrian May praises Adam Lambert's 'unmatchable amazing pipes!' [BRIAN MAY]Freddie Mercury unheard Queen song to release: ‘It’s very passionate’ [FREDDIE MERCURY]Brian May on Freddie Mercury death ‘Rog and I completely overreacted’ [FREDDIE DEATH] Curator Georgina Tomlinson said: “The Postal Museum is delighted to be able to show this rare item from Freddie Mercury’s childhood which we are exhibiting to celebrate 50 years of Pride in the UK. The album is a surprising insight into the early life of a man who is remembered across the world for his incredible musical prowess and theatrical stage presence.” Freddie Mercury’s childhood stamp collection will be on display in the museum from July 13 until October 30, 2022, as part of the UK Pride movement’s 50th anniversary.