Barcelona have reportedly told Manchester United that they want £74million (€80m) guaranteed in order to sanction the sale of Frenkie de Jong. The two clubs remain locked in talks over a potential deal with Erik ten Hag seemingly fixated on a reunion with his former player. United saw their opening verbal proposal - worth around £60m - rejected by Barca last week but that's unlikely to stop the Red Devils from trying again. De Jong remains their priority target and there is growing confidence as deal is within reach. According to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, Barca want £74m guaranteed in order to agree a deal with United. It's currently unclear whether the Red Devils would be willing to match that price as they continue to try and negotiate an agreement. READ MORE: What Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told Frenkie de Jong to spark dramatic transfer U-turn Yet one thing that is clear is that there is growing confidence De Jong would be willing to make the move after initially declaring that his preference was to stay at Barcelona. He's believed to have held multiple conversations with Ten Hag, who has turned on the charm offensive in an attempt to land United their target. To date, United are not currently exploring other deep-lying midfield targets, which would suggest they are not yet ready to walk away from the table. Instead, they will continue to probe while hoping Barcelona reluctantly reduce their asking price. READ MOREManchester United boss Erik ten Hag 'interested' in surprise left-field Brighton transferMan Utd 'make £40m transfer offer for Antony' with agreement anticipated 'very soon'What Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told Frenkie de Jong to spark dramatic transfer U-turn  The Spanish giants are still experiencing financial trouble off the field and it could hold the key to any deal. When quizzed by a reporter as to whether he's swapping the beaches of Barcelona for Manchester, De Jong said: “No, I think I can’t say anything yet.” In the same interview, De Jong did also talk up the idea of Robert Lewandowski joining Barcelona. The admission has concerned some United fans who believe De Jong is determined to stay with Barca for at least another season. United have reportedly made a contract offer to attacking midfielder Christian Eriksen, who is now expected to leave Brentford after six months at the club. Tottenham are also in the mix for the Danish international although Spurs are yet to make an offer. Ajax winger Antony is another player of interest to United but the Red Devils are yet to submit a bid. Ten Hag will feel as though United need to kick themselves into gear after fellow top-four rivals Tottenham agreed their third summer deal in the form of Brighton's Yves Bissouma.