The Repair Shop season 10 continues every Wednesday, welcoming new visitors in need of the experts' help. The BBC series is back in full swing with more challenges on the horizon as the team works hard to bring sentimental items back to their former glory. Julie Tatchell and Amanda Middleditch are a team on The Repair Shop, giving a new lease of life to teddy bears and toys from across the country. Julie Tatchell and Amanda Middleditch are both original stars of The Repair Shop, having starred in the show since its first series in 2017. As the pair are always seen together, some fans believe the experts are related but this is not the case. Julie and Amanda are simply very close friends who share a passion for toy restoration. They do spend a lot of time together outside of the barn as well though as they are also business partners. READ MORE: Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting Julie and Amanda caught the attention of BBC bosses for The Repair Shop because of their own workshop Bear It In Mind. They opened the Southampton-based business in 2006, repairing and giving toys in need a little TLC. So while it isn't clear exactly how the pair met, they have been friends for more than 16 years. Business is continuing to thrive as they stated on Bear It In Mind's website that they wouldn't be taking anymore new clients for a while and instead focusing on their existing ones. According to their website, Julie and Amanda are now referring potential customers to their mentee Charlotte Stubbs, the owner of Teddy Bear Repair and Care. It says: "Applications for new restoration work are no longer being taken however, we are very pleased to introduce Charlotte Stubbs as our recommended restorer. "Charlotte began working with us in 2015. "With very little experience, she allowed us to train and teach her to repair and restore teddy bears and soft toys to our high and exacting standards and we are delighted to be able to recommend her to you now as she sets up her own business, Teddy Bear Repair and Care." DON'T MISS...Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in for Gloria Hunniford [CAST]The Repair Shop expert Will Kirk startled by unearthed photo [REACTION]The Repair Shop’s Jay Blades exposes key rule experts must abide by [EXPLAINER] Julie and Amanda may not be related but there are two experts on The Repair Shop who are. Clock expert Steve Fletcher, 57, is the younger brother of Suzie Fletcher by about three years. Suzie, who is the show's resident leather and saddles expert, was recommended to join the cast by her brother. Going by the synopsis for the latest episode, Julie and Amanda will once again have their hands full. The description reads: "Keith Jones from Cheshire has a small but very important young monkey in need of their care. "The monkey belonged to Peter, Keith’s partner of nearly 15 years, before he died after catching Covid-19. "Although Keith had heard about Monkey, he had never seen him until he came across him in a small box while going through Peter’s possessions. "Sadly, Monkey was showing all the signs of an aging toy that had been loved for many decades, and Keith is hoping the bear repair pair can work their magic and get Monkey back on his feet." The Repair Shop continues every Wednesday at 8pm on BBC One.