Prince Charles stays in Clarence House when he is in London, however he and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall own a magnificent countryside retreat called Highgrove House. It has all the regal additions fans would expect, including a stunning outdoor pool. An archive photo of Prince William as a toddler shows him and Charles strolling alongside the pool on a summer's day in the 1980s.  At the time, the pool was lined with a white picket fence and an abundance of flowerbeds brightened up the area. A more recent aerial image of the property shows off the outdoor pool in all its glory, beautifully positioned with stunning views of the surrounding countryside. The nine-bedroom, six-bathroom mansion is renowned for its beautiful décor and stunning gardens. Prince Charles bought his country estate, Highgrove House, in 1980, and lived there with Princess Diana, Prince William and Prince Harry.  READ MORE: Charles accepting bags of cash for charity 'won't happen again' The nine-bedroom, six-bathroom mansion is surrounded by 900 acres of organic land, including a farm that Prince Charles installed when he first renovated the property. The gardens, meanwhile, are very important to the Prince of Wales. They have been open to the public for over 25 years on selected dates through the summer, with all the money raised going to charity. Charles's property has quite a rich history behind it.  According to Highgrove's website, the house was "built between 1796 and 1798 in a Georgian neo-classical design on the site of an older property." At Prince Charles's insistence, Highgrove's house and gardens are ethically and sustainably run. For instance, standard heating systems have been replaced with wood pellet-fired boilers. Electricity is sourced from "a renewable energy supplier and from solar panels" installed on the property.  READ MORE: 'He's blown it' Prince Charles’s image tarnished by ‘poor judgement’ Meanwhile, rainwater is collected and reused and 200 chickens live on the estate, with the hens reportedly providing 4,200 eggs each year. How much is Highgrove House worth? The Prince bought the property in 1980 for £865,000. This price in 1980 is equivalent in purchasing power to about £3.9million today.  It was found in 2011 that the Prince of Wales had paid himself over £8million in rent since he bought the estate. Prince Charles regularly posts pictures of the home and the gardens on his social media. Instagram user @victorianhousegarden previously commented: “A wonderful and enchanting atmospheric view.” Similarly, @sallymac1490 added: “Looks spectacular. A labour of love.” 