Diana, the Princess of Wales died in a car crash in Paris in 1997. Following her death, tensions mounted between Prince Charles and his two sons, who felt "very defensive" of their mother. However, in recent years, with Charles' reign approaching, Prince William has "got closer" to his father after years of "iciness" between them. Speaking on Palace Confidential, commentator Sarah Vine discussed William and Charles' growing relationship. Speaking to host Jo Elvin, Ms Vine said: "What is interesting about William, is that he seems to have got closer to his own father. "After Diana's death, there was this, sort of, iciness a bit and, I think, a lot of recrimination." She added: "I don't know if you saw that documentary a few years ago, five or six years ago, where they talked about their mother. "It was clear [in the documentary] that the both the boys, to an extent, blamed Charles for a lot of what had happened. READ MORE: 'It's a slippery slope!' Meghan and Harry begged not to do second Oprah interview "[They] felt very defensive of their mother but William seems to have come back to Charles now. "Their relationship seems to have deepened and matured. "[and] there seems to be a lot of forgiveness." Charles’ relationship with his sons became somewhat frosty in 2017. This was in the build-up to the release of the ITV documentary ‘Diana, Our Mother: Her Life and Legacy’, which the two brothers participated in. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's bitter war with sister Samantha to rage on as Duchess' legal bid FAILS In the documentary, which aired around the 20th anniversary of Diana’s death, the brothers failed to mention their father once. Charles divorced Diana, his first wife and sons' mother, in 1996. Their divorce came four years after separating. In recent months, due to the Queen's mobility struggles, Charles and William have been at the forefront of the monarchy and attending various events on the 96-year-old's behalf. One of the most recent events was the Opening of State Parliament in May. DON'T MISS At the event, Charles read the Queen's Speech. This was only the third time the Queen had not been in attendance over the course of her 70-year reign. The Cambridge family are moving to Windsor this summer and reports suggest that the Duke's relationship with Charles could get "tighter and better" following the move. READ NEXT: