Yesterday, hundreds of thousands of people cheered the Queen as she joined other royals on the balcony of Buckingham Palace on the first of four days of Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Her Majesty has played a key role in the opening day of her Platinum Jubilee celebrations.  ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** While discussing the Queen’s devotion to the nation, the Kiwi-born GB News host clashed with journalist Amy Nickell after she questioned the Queen’s role. During a debate over the future of the monarchy on GB News’ Dan Wootton Tonight, commentator Dominique Samuels said: “I think a lot of people do feel as though the Queen has been brilliant, I don’t think anyone is against the Queen.” Before Ms Nickell hit back, saying: “Brilliant at what? Really when we think about it.” But a fuming Mr Wootton quickly dismissed her comments, replying: “Amy, this is not the day.   “I’m actually not going to have it today, I’m about freedom of speech, I want to discuss the future of the monarchy. “But do you really, on this day, regardless of your feelings about the monarchy, want to come here and slag off the Queen who has given 70 years of dedication because, personally, I don’t want to hear it today.” Before Ms Nickell added: “Dan, that’s exactly my problem. “The fact that someone had to give their life, 70 years against their will, to a job they may not even like. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry get lift from Queen’s Land Rover  “That’s kind of fundamentally wrong that she was born into a role that she had no say in. “Look I love Britain, I love Oasis, I love the Spice Girls, I love prawn cocktail crisps, but I do have a problem with forcing somebody to do a job for 70 years. “And look what popularity you get when you leave the Royal Family.” On Thursday, more than 1,500 officers and soldiers along with 350 horses from the Household Division took part in Trooping the Colour, the first time the parade has been staged in full since the pandemic. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: ‘Sending your soldiers to die!’ Putin faces mutinyOil prices fall nearly 2% amid speculation over Saudi Arabia Queen bumps Palace staff salary 5% amid crippling cost of living