Manchester United have been given more encouragement to pursue Frenkie de Jong. Reports in Spain claim the 25-year-old is now officially on the market, with Barcelona in need of selling in order to solve their financial situation. And when it comes to reuniting the midfielder with Erik ten Hag, that bodes well. Manchester United weren’t in the running to sign De Jong when he left Ajax for Barcelona back in the summer transfer window of 2019. But they’re now extremely interested in landing the Netherlands international following the appointment of Ten Hag. The 25-year-old previously flourished under his compatriot at Ajax, helping the Eredivisie side reach the semi-finals of the Champions League three years ago. And United have now been given the encouragement they needed to aggressively pursue De Jong. According to AS, Barcelona apparently don’t have enough money in order to pay the players this month's’ wages. It’s stated the La Liga giants will have to borrow the money and will approach players and ask them to take big pay cuts. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings And it’s also claimed that De Jong is officially on the market as Barcelona look to balance their books. The likes of Sergio Busquets, Gerard Pique, Jordi Alba and Marc-Andre Ter Stegen will be asked to take reductions. And De Jong will only be asked to do the same if, somehow, they’re able to keep hold of him. Their need to sell is growing, however. And that’s given United reason to chase down a deal as they look to give Ten Hag a flying start in the transfer market. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag In midweek, De Jong said he’d ideally like to stay at Barcelona. "Barcelona is just my dream club. Also from a young age. I just said it too. “I’ve never regretted my choice despite the fact that I had hoped for more in terms of prizes than I've achieved so far. But I have never regretted my choice.” And he added: "What I'm saying, there is absolutely nothing of an agreement or anything official. At the moment there is no question of it at all. "Not that I know of in any case. Or they must not have told me, but I don't think so." THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz This new twist will give United even more encouragement to believe a deal can be struck. And he’s not the only player in the Red Devils’ sights as they look for an improved campaign next time out. In defence, Villarreal and Ajax stars Pau Torres and Jurrien Timber are being strongly linked. As well as De Jong, United are eyeing N’Golo Kante when it comes to bolstering their midfield. And, up top, Darwin Nunez is in their sights having scored 34 goals across all competitions for Benfica last term. Xavi was asked about De Jong at the end of last month, meanwhile. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And though he said he’d like the player to stay, he did also hint their economic situation could force Barcelona into selling up. “For me, he is a great player,” said the Spaniard, who will be eyeing the La Liga title next season. “I think he can be part of an important era of the club. “We’ll see what the situation is, but I like Frenkie.” Other midfield targets for United include Declan Rice, Kalvin Phillips and Ruben Neves. The trio have impressed for West Ham, Leeds and Wolves respectively over the past 12 months.