The Terminal List is making its debut on Amazon Prime Video on July 1. The TV series follows a Navy SEAL leader whose whole team is ambushed during a covert mission. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast. James Reece is the protagonist of the series and he is a Navy veteran who is determined to protect those he loves. His wife, Lauren, and daughter Lucy both have important roles in the story. James is played by Chris Pratt, a 43-year-old American actor best known for his roles in Parks and Recreation and Guardians of the Galaxy. In 2015, Time magazine named him one of the 100 most influential people in the world.  Ben is James' best friend in the series and he is also a former SEAL. He is played by Taylor Kitsch, a 41-year-old Canadian actor and model. The star is known for his roles in Friday Night Lights and True Detective. READ MORE: ITV shuts down X Factor reboot claims as revival reports emerge Katie is an investigative reporter and she is played by Constance Wu. The 40-year-old American actress starred in Crazy Rich Asians and Hustlers. She said her new role in The Terminal List was "something different" from her previous ventures. Speaking to Times of India, she said: "The thing I did before this was Hustlers, so to go from playing a stripper to a war correspondent, I felt like that sounds like fun because it’s so completely different and it was. "And so that’s, you know, always challenging you as an actor, and also just getting to know different points of view, different professions, and different means, it was a great learning opportunity.”  Lorraine Hartley is the Secretary of Defense in the series and she is played by Jeanne Tripplehorn. The 59-year-old American actress has worked on stage and screen and she is known for her roles in Criminal Minds and Big Love. Lauren Reece is James' wife in the show and she is played by Riley Keough. The American actress and filmmaker comes from a famous family as both of her parents are musicians. She is also the granddaughter of Priscilla Presley and Elvis Presley.  Donny is fresh out of training as a Special Warfare Operator 2nd Class. He is James Reece’s youngest team member with a feisty sense of humour is different. Deadline said: "He’s only seen the brotherhood of the SEALs in times of strength, not yet in times of suffering. "As the platoon’s point man, he is the first to lead the team into unsecured territory." Donny is played by Patrick Schwarzenegger, an American actor and model who is the son of Arnold Schwarzenegger and Maria Shriver. DON'T MISS... The Terminal List release date, cast, trailer, plot: When is it out? [INSIGHT] How many episodes are in The Summer I Turned Pretty? [EXPLAINER] Will there be a season 2 of The Summer I Turned Pretty? [INSIGHT] Lucy is the daughter of James in the series and she is played by Arlo Mertz. The actress has previously starred in The First Lady, Mank and On the Verge. The series includes a long list of recurring characters, with Steven Horn played by Jai Courtney. JD Pardo stars as Tony Liddel, with LaMonica Garrett as Commander Fox. Christina Vidal Mitchell plays Mac Wilson, along with Sean Gunn as Saul Agnon. Alexis Louder has joined the cast as Nicole Deptul, with Tom Amandes as Vic. Viewers will also see Jared Shaw as Ernest "Boozer" Vickers and Catherine Dyer as Rachel Campbell. Rounding off the cast are Remi Adeleke as Terrell "Tee" Daniels, Hiram A. Murray as Jackson and Matthew Rauch as Captain Howard.  The Terminal List airs on Amazon Prime Video from July 1.