Volodymyr Groysman, who has been on his country’s frontline in the struggle against Russia, hit out at attempts by Conservatives to remove Mr Johnson after he had 148 MPs vote against him in a vote of no confidence on Monday. The British Prime Minister is a hero in Ukraine where he is widely credited for galvanising the international community against Putin’s invasion. Mr Johnson was also the first foreign leader to visit Kyiv. The former Ukraine Prime Minister said: ''Boris deserves a lot of credit for his work. He has led with courage. I hope, amid all the turmoil, that this perspective is remembered.” It comes as Mr Johnson again stood up for Ukraine’s interests with the international community slapping down suggestions by French President Emmanuel Macron that Russia is appeased with a compromise. The French President said earlier this week: "We must not humiliate Russia so that the day when the fighting stops, we can build an exit ramp through diplomatic means." He added: "I am convinced that it is France's role to be a mediating power." But in his reset speech today, Mr Johnson made it clear that a hard line is needed against Russian aggression. In pointed remarks aimed at the French President, he said: “I know there are some who may argue, not in this country perhaps but elsewhere, that the price of supporting the Ukrainians is now too high, and they should be encouraged to accept whatever terms Putin may ask. “I don't believe that option is really open to us. “Never mind that abandoning the Ukrainians would be morally repugnant, since they are the victims and have an absolute right to defend a free and independent country. “We're simply not in a position to tell them what to do.” Mr Groysman is joining other senior Ukrainian politicians in pushing for the international community to deal with Russian allies around the world. READ MORE: Ex-MI6 chief tells Macron he's playing 'risky game' pandering to Putin In particular, he is concerned about African states which are home to the so-called Wagner Units of soldiers sent by Putin to exert influence. While some countries like Libya are trying to expel them, others like the Central African Republic are virtually under the control of Putin’s militia forces. Mr Groysman claimed that many of the soldiers who have killed innocent Ukrainians used “Africa as their training ground, with impunity.” He insisted that the international community must, therefore, “look upon leaders who harbour these killers as an enemy”. Mr Groysman said: “As Russia tries to destroy Ukraine, killing its children and destroying its land, we cannot forget the damage it has caused across the continent of Africa.” DON'T MISSBrexit POLL: Has Boris Johnson ‘got Brexit done’? [REACT]Poland furious at Macron and Scholz appeasing Putin [INSIGHT]Migrant crisis could END after Libya and US diplomatic ‘breakthrough' [REVEAL] He went on: “Putin and his fascist regime have inflicted terror on millions. “What we have seen in Ukraine, began with Russians inflicting death upon innocent Africans. “Africa, it is clear has been the training ground of death, as the world watched on.” Calling on the international community to cut ties with regimes that have harboured Russian fighters, Groysman argues leaders who have spoken against Moscow, should be, “supported and assisted in any way possible". He said: “We have seen pictures of the Wagner operating across Africa, with impunity. “If anyone thinks that Putin has started a war against Ukraine, he is deeply mistaken. His looting plans should not be underestimated. His task is to capture the civilized world. Why is he throwing all his efforts on Ukraine? Because Ukraine is now at the forefront of the world. "And Europe is his enemy, the United States is his enemy, and Great Britain is his enemy. The whole democratic world is enemies for him, in his sick imagination and head, and he wants to destroy them.”