Choosing a colour to paint rooms around the home is a big commitment as it can take a lot of time and cost a lot of money. While picking paint colours is often personal preference, some paint colours can make areas of the home feel smaller as well as “clinical”. According to the expert, some colours can even promote relaxation. Juliette Thomas, Founder & Director, Juliettes Interiors, said: “With the kitchen being a busy, social space within the home, it can be tricky to choose the right colour. “It is best to judge how much natural light the room has before making a decision. “If the room is flooded with light, avoid having an all white kitchen as this can feel clinical and cold. “Alternatively, if the room is on the darker side, don’t use bold, dark colours as this can make the room feel smaller.” READ MORE: Princess Eugenie will stay in Nottingham Cottage as UK base - inside Instead, the expert recommended opting for green, a hugely popular colour in 2022. Juliette said: “Opt for green kitchen cabinets paired with lighter walls to add contrast. “For a room with lots of light, be daring and opt for dark forest green cabinets paired with warmer colours in the soft furnishing.” If the room is darker, the expert suggested going for a warmer shade of green such as sage of sea green. DON'T MISS:‘Key’ to growing ‘holiday plants’ in the UK - ‘hot climate’ isn’t need [COMMENT]Peace lilies need a ‘particular set up’ to thrive - care tips [EXPERT]How much water should you give plants in containers? Try the 10% rule [EXPLAINER] While kitchens are deemed one of the most important rooms in the home, bedrooms are equally as important. When it comes to relaxing, bedrooms are the one place “softer colours” should be used. According to the expert, they can promote a good night’s sleep and relaxation. Juliette explained: “I’d therefore avoid any colour which is too stimulating such as red, orange or yellow. “These tend to be energetic colours, so painting your walls in these colours won’t have the desired effect. “Blue is a restful, calming colour due to its connection with the natural world and therefore works perfectly in a bedroom. “A completely blue room can feel cold so make sure to pair with warmer, earthier colours, soft neutrals or pastels to make it more welcoming.” In bathrooms, the interiors expert recommended being “creative”. If painting a guest bathroom or cloakroom, Juliette said “there isn’t necessarily a wrong colour” to choose. However, in a personal or family bathroom, she suggested avoiding using all white. “This can leave it feeling unwelcoming and cold,” the expert explained. She added: “Plus, it is harder to maintain as it will show all the marks. “Instead, pastel pale blue in a bathroom can make it feel more luxurious and it’s easier on the eyes when we wake up in the morning or go to sleep. “Mix the blue with warm copper and brass metals to give a deep moody atmosphere that are on trend.”