When Letitia Dean returned to EastEnders as Sharan Watts earlier this year, it wasn't just her reappearance in Albert Square that stunned fans; it was her incredible weight loss transformation, too. The actress lost a whopping two stone before she stepped foot back on-set of the popular BBC1 soap, and was branded a "skinny Queen" by viewers. In just four months, Letitia went from 10st 4lbs to 8st 3lbs, having dropped an incredible four dress sizes. But how did she do it? Letitia has been on our screens for years, since joining the show back in 1985. Over time, fans have watched as her weight has fluctuated with the actress previously stating she'd tried every fad diet on the market. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "The cabbage soup diet, the Atkins and a really disgusting eggs-only diet," she said in the past. In 2007, she took part in Strictly Come Dancing, proving she really did try everything in a bid to slim down. "The main reason I [signed up was because [I] wanted to do something about my figure," she explained on EastEnders' spin-off show Secrets from the Square. "I was so sick of extreme dieting and my weight yo-yoing." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] And she admitted she has been mocked for her weight, with people telling her she was “too fat”. But now, she seems to have hit the nail on the head. Alongside exercise, Letitia began a new diet plan and reduced her calorie intake to 1,300 in order to lose weight. A calorie deficit is the energy your body requires to maintain your current weight, minus your dietary calorie intake. According to WebMD, if a person wants to begin a calorie deficit, a good rule of thumb for healthy weight loss is a deficit of around 500 calories per day. This if done correctly, could promote the loss of about one pound per week. Letitia revealed she only focussed on “healthy food” to shed her unwanted pounds. She explained: "Pitta bread with a grilled skinless chicken breast, for instance, and lots of greens." Letitia also noticed the food she was eating affected her energy. "It was incredible," she beamed. "I found I had so much more energy than when I used to eat junk food." Following her return, fans took to social media to share their opinions on her new look, stating her weight loss "took years" off of her.