Season five of The Last Kingdom thankfully had skilled director Jon East on hand to bring the epic tale of Uhtred of Bebbanburg (played by Alexander Dreymon) to a close. However, with so much to pack into the BBC Two and Netflix drama’s conclusion, main cast member Timothy Innes admitted he found it hard to stay focused during the series’ difficult one-take sequences. Timothy confirmed a number of important scenes in The Last Kingdom’s final two episodes were filmed in just one take. The English actor had several key moments as King Edward of Wessex, many of which had to be perfect after just one attempt. Although the time-sensitivity of the final season’s production presented a number of challenges, Jon was with the cast every step of the way to ensure they gave their best performances. “He was given a lot to do,” Timothy recalled. “So much happens in those last two episodes.” READ MORE: Jane McDonald sparks frenzy with 'exciting' career announcement “And, in some instances, we were going to one-takes.” While the actors were given plenty of opportunities to hone their performances earlier in the series, production sped up somewhat to ensure The Last Kingdom’s last episodes were delivered on time. Unfortunately, this meant Timothy and the cast had to trust their instincts and deliver a finale-worthy performance on their first try. “One-takes are quite tricky, because you have to be on, and you have to be concentrating,” he explained to the Screen Chronicles podcast. “And there’s a slight anxiety there where you feel like you may not have got it.” Thankfully, the final season of the hit Netflix drama released to rave reviews, so the actors ultimately didn’t have to be worried about how their one-take attempts were received. Timothy gave much of the credit to their director, Jon, who ensured the entire cast were comfortable as well as encouraging some of their best performances from behind the cameras. The King Edward star continued: “But with Jon, you just trusted him completely.” DON'T MISS:Succession’s Gerri star admits Brian Cox is ‘terrifying’ [INTERVIEW]Stranger Things theory: Vecna kills Eleven in foreshadowing clue [THEORY]Outlander star worlds away from Jamie Fraser in new role [LATEST] “There was a time where I think I did a scene and I wasn’t happy with it, and I think I was just going into a spiral. “Just like, ‘Oh no, that’s going to be on Netflix forever! Nooo!’ “I went up to Jon and was like, ‘Jon, can I do another one?’ And he was like, ‘No. Trust me, that was brilliant. I would never make my actors feel vulnerable.’ “And he just gave me this incredibly inspiring speech and I was just blown over.” "I was like, ‘Yeah, okay, I trust you completely’. And you can see it, man. “Watching how that all comes together, those last two episodes, is beautiful. It was incredible to work with him.” Jon is also known for his work on hit series like Lost In Space, Downton Abbey and Killing Eve, so it’s no surprise he was able to deliver the goods at such a crucial junction for The Last Kingdom. Thankfully, Uhtred’s journey isn’t over just yet, as a feature-length event, Seven Kings Must Die, is set to bring the series to a masterful conclusion next year. The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix. Seven Kings Must Die will be released in 2023.