Daniel Dubois left champion Trevor Bryan facedown on the canvas with a jaw-dropping left hook to become the WBA interim heavyweight world champion in Miami. It looked a total mismatch from the sound of the opening bell and there was a feeling of inevitably about the devastating conclusion that awaited the 32-year-old New Yorker, who had labelled Dubois a "glorified amateur" in the build up to this fight. How wrong he was.  Despite being the challenger, Dubois was the heavy favourite and it was clear to see why he remains one of the most fearsome punchers in boxing's blue-ribbon division - something that was laid bare when he left the American twitching on the deck as he closed the show in style. It was a peach of a shot that spelled the end of Bryan as Dubois timed his moment to perfection to decimate his opponent, who did not know what had hit him after eating a thunderous left hook. Dubois was the dictator of this fight from the get-go. His jab was sharp and he was aggressive in his approach. In contrast, Bryan was slow out of the blocks and his footwork was sluggish - despite firing back in the second round. There was an undeniable gulf in quality between the two heavyweights.  DDD cranked up the tempo in the third, unloading a flurry of left and right hooks that found the target as Bryan began to weather an early storm as he was backed up onto the ropes. But Dubois soon found the money shot in the fourth round, when Bryan stepped forward and was met with the left hand of his rival, who lived up to his nickname 'Dynamite' by walking right through his opponent. The circus of a show, put together by legendary promoter Don King did not feel worthy of Dubois' punch power and there is no denying he is now destined to go on to bigger and better things. The rugged 24-year-old has had to battle his own personal, mental demons after being written off following his conclusive defeat to British rival Joe Joyce, in which he took the knee after suffering a fractured orbital socket.  But while some may continue to question his heart, nobody can deny the explosiveness of the ever-impressive Londoner. Tougher tests now lie in wait. He continues to climb the rankings and it won't be long before he forces his way into world-title reckoning. Dubois looks more polished under trainer Shane McGuigan, who has started to iron out the rawness in Dubois' artillery - although his predatory instinct remains one of his strongest attributes. He has made huge strides in the gym in the past year and is now becoming a more well-rounded heavyweight, who is also capable of executing savage demolition jobs. With his new black WBA strap positioned across his shoulder, Dubois said: "It feels brilliant, I have worked so hard for this and I finally knocked him out. “It will be amazing to get home, I can now make massive fights in the future - bring them all on because now I am ready.” With the confidence pumping through his veins, Dubois name-checked Dillian Whyte and Joseph Parker as two rivals he would like to trade leather with next. Both are now very much within reach.