Wasps and other pests can invade gardens and outdoor spaces during the summer months, as they look for food and a habitat. Wasps are usually found in gardens, especially when they can smell food and tackling them can be tricky as they come with the ability to give a nasty sting. If you’re fed up with wasps invading your barbecue, it might be worth investing in the latest trick, which experts and alfresco eating fans claim will send them on their way. Plus, the good news is that it won’t cost you anything - if you have some spare change lying around the house. The latest hack to be taking social media by storm involves nothing more than dropping some pennies in a glass of water and placing them near your BBQ. Experts claim this trick can keep these pesky pests away from Britons and their food. So how does this simple penny trick work, and is it any good as a method for getting rid of wasps and other bugs. Chris Bonnett, founder of Gardening Express said: “There's nothing worse than when you're having a nice BBQ party with friends and family and there are bugs flying about. READ MORE: ‘Potent smell’ to keep wasps at bay in the garden during summer “They can be a real pain but there are a few inexpensive ways to keep them away. “One popular and cost-effective way of keeping bugs at bay is to use glasses of water with pennies in. “This confuses the insects by using light reflection.” To carry out this hack gardeners will need a few drinking glasses, water and three pennies for each glass. Chris explained: “All you need to do is fill up a few glasses of water and drop three pennies into each one. DON'T MISS: How to clean windows for ‘streak-free results using ‘free trick’ [TIPS]‘Essential treatment’ to keep your lawn ‘healthy’ - gives ‘protection’ [EXPERT]How to organise your kitchen in 10 minutes for 'stress-free' space [INSIGHT] “Place near your barbecue, and the flies should steer clear of you and your food.” Alternatively, gardeners can also use other food to keep insects at bay - even though that might sound counterintuitive. Some insects can't stand foods like lemon and garlic, so the experts suggest slicing up lemons and placing half of a clove of garlic inside it before placing it outside. With a few of the easy-to-make bug deterrents placed around your garden, gardeners should be able to enjoy your food in peace. If you specifically struggle with wasps whenever you decide to eat outside, then experts say you should try using paper bags to fool them into thinking there's already a wasp nest on your property. Wasps tend to stay far away from nests they're not a part of, so grabbing a brown paper bag and filling it with some rubbish to help it resemble a wasps nest should do the trick. And if you don't mind spending a little bit of cash to keep bugs away, you can even buy some bug-repelling flowers that will spruce up your garden at the same time. Plants like lavender and chrysanthemum can help keep insects at bay, while herbs such as sage and rosemary can either be planted or placed on the barbecue for added effect - as bugs can't stand the smell. When the day turns into evening and the sun begins setting, you might also want to think about banishing mosquitos from the garden, as they could leave you covered in bites if left to their own devices. One way to tackle the pesky bugs is to set fire to an empty egg carton that's placed in a safe location away from guests, as mosquitos hate the burning smell. Gardening guru David Domoney has also been sharing his own tips to get rid of garden pests and when it comes to wasps, he agrees that the most important thing is to understand their motivations and act accordingly. He said: “Their lifecycle determines the type of behaviour they exhibit at different times of the year. “At the beginning of summer, wasps are busy collecting materials to build their nests and this makes them hungry for protein. “If you have a BBQ, a picnic or an alfresco sandwich, quickly clear away anything with meat on it, such as a used grill or leftover food. “Towards the end of summer, wasps tend to switch their attention to anything sweet. “Worker wasps binge on sweet food before they die.”