The state pension is set to increase by 10 percent in 2023 as the UK Government reinstated the triple lock guarantee. But journalist Mike Parry explained on the Jeremy Vine Show he feels "guilty for taking more" and rich OAPs should hand the money back. Mr Vine asked: "Do you take the state pension should be taken away from Mick Jagger? Mr Parry said: "Of course you should." Mr Vine interjected: "He's paid the tax, Mike!" The panelist continued: "I don't care. You've got to make a contribution to the wellbeing of the country. "I'm not as rich as Mick Jagger but I'm prepared to say I feel guilty taking more. READ MORE: Fury over triple lock as inflation hits new 40-year high "My state pension goes directly into a buildings society and stays there. "I don't even use it. What I'm saying is why would I want to take some of the country's money?" It comes as pensioners on low incomes will be able to more easily apply for their free TV licence under new Government plans. The reforms laid in Parliament on Thursday would mean that over-75s on pension credit no longer have to fill out paperwork when applying for or renewing their licence, which slashes the usual annual £159 cost to zero. While eligible older people currently have to fill in forms to prove they receive the benefit, the legislative change would allow the BBC to verify this automatically with the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) without the need for paperwork. The move will mean the 7,000 people who apply for a free licence each month will be able to do so more quickly online or over the phone. The BBC last year limited the free TV licences to over-75s in receipt of pension credit, which is designed to help with daily living costs for people over state pension age and on a low income. Digital Secretary Nadine Dorries said: "The BBC's disappointing decision to stop providing free TV licences for all over-75s has left low-income pensioners who remain eligible jumping through administrative hoops to avoid paying the charge. DON'T MISS Low income pensioners to get free over 75s TV licence -'minimum fuss!' [INSIGHT]Triple lock to provide boost but pensioners urged to get £3,300 [ANALYSIS]Pensioners warn ministers over pressure to scrap triple lock pensions [VIDEO] "The changes mean those receiving pension credit will get the savings with minimum fuss, ensuring more people get the support they are entitled to as we tackle the cost of living and grow the economy." The reforms would amend the Television Licences Act 2000, with the changes to the streamlined application process expected to come into force next year. It comes as the Government is reinstating the triple lock on pensions, while opposing above-inflation pay rises for public sector workers on the grounds that they would be inflationary. Retirees could see double-digit payments increases next year as the state pension will be determined based on September's CPI inflation, while workers face a real-terms pay cut. READ NEXT: ‘Believe it when I see it!’ Pensioners slam bumper triple lock promiseInflation rises to 9.1 percent in staggering blow for pensionersPensions set to rise by 10 percent with triple lock reinstatedPensioners could claim extra £278 a week - how to applyLow income pensioners get £116 a week less than better off Brits