Cardinal Vincent Nichols, leader of the Catholic Church in England and Wales, told Andrew Pierce on LBC that he was awestruck by the “astonishing” Queen. On the third day of her Platinum Jubilee, celebrating 70 years on the throne, Cardinal Nichols said the monarch brought “stability and depth” to the nation. He said that her “sacrifice” in giving herself to the country had been done “without wavering”.    Cardinal Nichols said: “The Queen is astonishing. What she brings is a stability, a depth, and this wonderful example of service. “And I think it’s that sense of service that goes beyond self. It’s not uncommon in our society. “Lots of people make a sacrifice of their own lives for their children, for their loved ones, but here we have somebody who has done that consistently without wavering. “And it does lead us to question how she does it? What is it about her? “She has lots of support but there’s something profound within her person that gives her this stability.”    Queen Elizabeth's son and heir Prince Charles and her grandson Prince William will pay tribute to the record-breaking monarch later today. She is not expected to attend the event, having already missed a number of other events due to health issues. During a pop concert at Buckingham Palace on the third day of nationwide celebrations for her 70 years on the throne, Prince Charles will honour the monarch. The "Party at the Palace", which will feature the likes of singers Alicia Keys and Diana Ross, is the main Platinum Jubilee event today, along with the Epsom Derby horse race. READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood horrified as she's bitten by the Queen's 'special' pony [REPORT]   The 96-year-old monarch, a huge horse-racing fan and owner of many thoroughbreds, was herself forced to skip the 243rd running of the Derby because of "episodic mobility problems". She was also forced to miss a thanksgiving service in her honour on Friday. Her daughter Princess Anne, who competed in the three-day equestrian event in the 1976 Olympics, stood in for her mother. The Queen has rarely missed the race during her record-breaking reign and watched on television from her Windsor Castle home. DON'T MISS: Princess Anne stuns in grey ensemble at Epsom Derby [REVEAL]Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'made to look stupid'  [REPORT]Some people want to replace the Queen with yet another politician  [INSIGHT]  During Friday's National Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral in London, Archbishop of York Stephen Cottrell used a horse racing analogy in his sermon to pay tribute to the queen. He said: "Your Majesty, we are sorry that you're not here with us this morning, but we are so glad that you are still in the saddle. And we are glad that there is still more to come. So thank you for staying the course." A sideshow to the main celebrations has been Prince Harry and his American wife Meghan making their first public appearance together in Britain since quitting official duties to move to Los Angeles two years ago. Notably on Saturday, the official Twitter accounts for the monarch, Charles and William all sent messages almost simultaneously to mark the first birthday of Lilibet, the couple's daughter who is named after the Queen. Elizabeth had not met her great-granddaughter prior to the trip, and Buckingham Palace has not commented on newspaper reports they had now finally been introduced.   