Ralf Little, 42, previously revealed he is “obscenely jealous” of his fiancée Lindsey Ferrentino. The Royle Family star opened up about his romance to the actress and playwright in 2020, in comments that have been unearthed ahead of his appearance on BBC's Who Do You Think You Are? tonight. The actor spoke about how the couple met, and explained how their romance blossomed after working together on a play that Lindsey had written with Kris Marshall. Death in Paradise actor Ralf explained: “I met her when I was in a play she wrote with Kris Marshall. “She came out to Guadeloupe for a month while I was filming and she wrote three films out there.” The star said he had a lot of work to do to catch up to his success-hungry wife, who was quickly rising up the ladder. READ NOW: Christine McGuinness' pals begged her to leave Paddy He explained that he really had to get his act together if they had any hopes to become a power couple. In the 2020 interview with The Mirror, he said: “She’s doing annoyingly well. If we were ever going to be a power couple I’d have to seriously up my game. “Her career is exploding in a way that makes me both incredibly proud, and obscenely jealous." Last year, it was announced that playwright Lindsey was set to adapt her stage show Amy and the Orphans into a Netflix feature film. The couple have been engaged since September 2018 and have had their marriage postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. When asked if he got down on one knee to pop the question, Ralf said: "Of course! Otherwise it’s not a proposal, right? I wasn’t going to go, 'Here’s your pint, love, and by the way…’” The pair got engaged in a picturesque country home which Ralf described as very “romantic”. Ralf Little is best known for his role as Neville Parker in BBC crime-drama series Death In Paradise. In May, Ralf took a step away from the show to take a closer look at his own family’s history on Who Do You Think You Are?. DON'T MISS... Andy Murray’s wife branded 'class act' for supporting Deborah James [UPDATE] Fiona Bruce's 'toughest interview' as Lord Sugar shouted and swore [DEBATE] Fred Sirieix addresses 'trivial' food fights with Gordon Ramsay [EXCLUSIVE] The BBC One series follows celebrities as they look back at their family history and discover secrets from their past. Experts find stories of danger, sacrifice and courage and often leave the guest speechless at what they have learned. During the episode, Ralf found out his great-grandfather had been a talented footballer. An expert came across a photograph showing the team his relative had played for. "So here's a photograph from your great-grandfather's era," he explained. "See if you can see him." Pointing towards a young man, Ralf asked: "Oh, this guy?" After his identity was confirmed, Ralf added: "Oh, you see I've only seen pictures of him from when he was about 40. But I guess he's, what, 20 here?" "So here he is about 20, yeah," the expert agreed. He continued: "He was a forward. In some press match reports he's described as the centre-forward - goal scorer."