Sir Tom Jones is today marking his 82nd birthday, with fans taking to social media to send him their well-wishes. The legendary musician was notably absent during Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations, leaving Britons wondering where he was during the concert. Some even logged onto Twitter to enquire why the knighted It’s Not Unusual singer wasn't performing for the monarch. Leckston said: “IMO Tom Jones should have played instead of Diana Ross at the end of the Jubilee Concert. “British born and bred and still with a magnificent voice, albeit he'll be 82 in two days time!” (sic) VerityKalcev agreed: “Could have had Tom Jones and Bonnie Tyler. Just saying #PlatinumJubilee” Jmnldb added: “That’s… actually a good point. “I know Bonnie Tyler was performing at the Cardiff Jubilee Concert, but where the F is Tom Jones?” Trustrade typed: “Loved the Queen's Jubilee concert EXCEPT where was Paul McCartney, Cliff Richard & Tom Jones!? “Why include American Diva Diana Ross instead of UK Dame Shirley Bassey!!? Disgraceful!!” TWSENADVICE asked: “Don’t understand some of the line up for the Jubilee Concert. “Where was Tom Jones?  Why Diana Ross?” While he did not perform on the day, Sir Tom took to social media to pay his respects to Her Majesty as she marked 70 years on the throne. The Welsh singer commended the Queen’s record-breaking reign with a heartfelt tribute in view of his 444,000 Instagram followers. DON'T MISS...Liz Hurley, 56, celebrates Platinum Jubilee in tiny white bikini [LATEST]Tom Hanks's 'loneliness of marriage' laid bare [INSIGHT]Dan Walker makes jibe at Rod Stewart's 'baffling' Jubilee performance [UPDATE] He shared a series of photographs of himself and the Queen, including one of the pair shaking hands at the Royal Variety Show at the London Palladium in 1968. Another showed the moment Tom was knighted in Buckingham Palace in 2006. There was also a snap of Tom standing on the stage with the Queen and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall at the Diamond Jubilee concert back in 2012. Tom penned: “Always inspiring, the magnificent Queen Elizabeth II.” Tom also added the hashtag “#PlatinumJubilee”. Today, Tom marked his birthday with a post featuring a photo of himself looking through a magnifying glass. He wrote: “82 years young today, let’s celebrate!” Fans around the world soon rushed to the comments section to wish the musician a happy birthday.