Manchester United could be set for a second striker transfer blow as Barcelona are reportedly eyeing Villarreal forward Gerard Moreno, who has been linked with a move to Old Trafford. The Red Devils seemingly face a huge battle to get their hands on a top striker this summer, with suggestions that Benfica star Darwin Nunez, who has also piqued their interest, could sign for Liverpool in the coming months. United are in desperate need of reinforcements after a dismal season last time out under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and his interim successor Ralf Rangnick. And various reports have suggested that Moreno is of interest to the 13-time Premier League champions. But, according to Spanish publication SPORT, Barcelona have identified the player as an alternative to their top target Robert Lewandowski. Moreno, who helped Villarreal reach the Champions League semi-final last season, meets the requirements of Barca boss Xavi and could move to the Nou Camp during the summer transfer window. Moreno has a clause in his contract, which runs until 2027, that would allow him to leave his current employers in exchange for £85.5million. But Villarreal could be willing to open negotiations at around £34m. JUST IN: Arsenal and Man Utd target Tielemans opens door for Leicester exit   Villarreal suffered a disappointing season in La Liga last time out as they could only muster a seventh-place finish. And they agree that Moreno is a Champions League player - so they may not stand in his way if a suitable offer comes in. Moreno found the back of the net 13 times in all competitions last season, with two of those strikes coming in the Champions League. And that return in front of goal followed Villarreal’s Europa League title glory in 2021 as the 30-year-old was named the best player in that season’s competition. DON'T MISS England player ratings vs Germany: Four players struggle in draw Arsenal star Saka offered Man City transfer advice by Theo Walcott Man City respond to Bukayo Saka Arsenal transfer rumours      Atletico Madrid could also stand in United’s way when it comes to Moreno as they are looking for a replacement for Luis Suarez, who is set to leave the club when his contract expires at the end of this month. So new Red Devils boss Erik ten Hag may be forced to go back to the drawing board. Ten Hag was said to be interested in lining-up Nunez as one of his first signings at Old Trafford. But the 22-year-old, who scored a staggering 34 goals last season, could opt for Anfield instead. Benfica reportedly want around £85.5m for their star player, who scored in both legs of his side’s Champions League quarter-final showdown with Liverpool earlier this year. So it remains to be seen if either Premier League team will break the bank to sign him.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here