The policy may be controversial but there has been intense political debate and the plans were scrutinised by UK courts. Anyone who respects democracy will be alarmed at the issuing of the injunction by a distant judge. A key goal of Brexit was to ensure the decisions of our Parliament and courts cannot be overruled by a foreign body. The ECHR is not, it must be admitted, a European Union institution but this is exactly what has happened. Attorney-General Suella Braverman argues the time has come to “complete Brexit and let the British people decide who can and cannot stay in our country”. She says Brexit voters are “rightly baffled why our immigration controls can still be blocked by European judges”. Britain should not be cowed by these foreign figures, and the ECHR should make sure it is not manipulated by individuals and groups with a political agenda. The UK is a compassionate country and we want to help refugees. This has been boldly demonstrated by the willingness of people to open their homes to those fleeing the conflict inUkraine. But there is a crisis in the Channel with around 11,000 people making the crossing to Britain so far this year. The exploitation of vulnerable individuals by people traffickers must be stopped and the rule of law must be upheld. There are legal routes to come to the UK. It is an honour to welcome true refugees but we must not allow our system to be abused. --------------------------- Comic legend Rowan Atkinson is right to resist the advance of cancel culture. The Blackadder star warns that joke-telling is under threat, and points out that almost any joke is “always going to cause offence to somebody”. Good satire will bite – and it will also challenge the prevailing views of our time, upset the establishment and force people to think for themselves. A healthy democracy will not stifle freedom of speech for fear of upsetting sensitive souls but will welcome spiky humour which punctures pomposity. --------------------------- Happy Father’s Day. This is a day when many of us hug our dads and thank them for putting up with the mayhem we unleashed when growing up. It is also a day when millions of us whose fathers have died will remember with gratitude how they shaped our lives. The kindness, courage and sacrifice of parents in every generation are humbling and among humanity’s greatest strengths.