Modern Warfare 2 reveal trailer is launching soon, with Call of Duty fans about to get their first look at the 2022 COD game. Anticipation for Modern Warfare 2 is sky high, with the tweet from the Call of Duty account that merely announced the game becoming the most liked COD tweet ever. So the actual reveal of Modern Warfare 2 in action - along with a potential glimpse at gameplay - will surely send fans wild. The Modern Warfare 2 reveal is pencilled in for 6pm UK time on Wednesday June 8. If you want to see the Modern Warfare 2 trailer as soon as it's unveiled then you can watch the big reveal on YouTube. To help you out, Express.co.uk has included the video for the YouTube trailer reveal in this article. Simply click play above to watch the Modern Warfare 2 trailer as it's announced. So far, details on Modern Warfare 2 are under wraps with few and far details being confirmed.  We've already seen the Modern Warfare 2 logo revealed along with key art for the game. While we've also found out when the Modern Warfare 2 release date will be with the next COD game launching on October 28 2022. COD fans also know about some of the returning characters and new faces in Modern Warfare 2. The blurb for a recently released trailer that announced the Modern Warfare 2 release date and key art said: "Task Force 141 makes its massive return with a global squad of iconic veterans.  "These Operators include Captain John Price, Simon ‘Ghost’ Riley, John ‘Soap’ MacTavish, Kyle ‘Gaz’ Garrick and introducing Mexican Special Forces Colonel Alejandro Vargas." Elsewhere, rumours have given fans an insight into some features they can expect from Modern Warfare 2. It's been claimed that Modern Warfare 2 could feature a map editor, which would be huge for those that love the multiplayer segment. While one of the big new features is expected to be a mode called DMZ. According to in-the-know leaker Tom Henderson, this will allegedly be a mixture of battle royale elements as well as the survival style of gameplay you see in games such as Escape From Tarkov. 