Manchester United will push forward in their efforts to bring Antony to Old Trafford this summer despite Ajax's insistence on a transfer fee in the region of £70million, according to reports. The Red Devils are said to be keen on securing a move for the 22-year-old, who excelled under the guidance of Erik ten Hag at Ajax over the course of last season. United are yet to find a breakthrough in talks with Ajax regarding the services of Antony and the Dutch giants are now said to have slapped a price tag of around £70m on their star man in advance of the new campaign. It seems as though United are undeterred by Ajax's demands, though, with those in power at Old Trafford set to return to the negotiating table in the not-too-distant future, according to Fabrizio Romano.It is claimed that United are planning to make 'new contacts' over a move for Antony, who has reportedly asked Ajax to listen to any offers that are made for his signature over the coming weeks. The Red Devils are not the only club in the hunt for the Brazil international but are believed to be the frontrunners at this stage, with Ten Hag eager to bring his former player with him to Manchester before the on-pitch action gets underway in early August.United are said to remain focused on snapping up Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong as a matter of priority but are still believed to be actively chasing a move for Antony in addition to their pursuit of the former. The 13-time Premier League champions will be desperate to ensure that both moves come to fruition over the coming weeks and months, with the club still yet to confirm any summer arrivals in spite of their best efforts in the market thus far. JUST IN: Man Utd star Alejandro Garnacho may have already won Ten Hag over Antony is one of several players who have previously worked under Ten Hag to have been linked with United in recent months, with the likes of Matthijs de Ligt and Jurrien Timber also being mentioned in connection with moves to Old Trafford as of late. The former has made no secret of his admiration for Ten Hag and previously spoke highly of his ability to improve players on the training ground when quizzed on the newly-appointed United boss earlier this year."Every player under his guidance becomes a better footballer through his training," Antony told Dutch newspaper De Telegraaf. "Since my arrival, he has given me a lot of confidence and believed in what I can do. I am grateful to him for that. I respect him very much."Meanwhile, it remains to be seen whether Ten Hag will be able to improve United's on-pitch fortunes when the new Premier League season gets underway. The former Ajax boss will be hoping to call upon Antony at Old Trafford over the course of the upcoming campaign, with the Sao Paulo native having been lined up to compete with the likes of Jadon Sancho, Anthony Elanga and Marcus Rashford in the wide positions. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here