Attendance Allowance is available for people over the state pension age with a long-term disability, illness or condition that means they require additional help or supervision from a third-party. However, there is no requirement for applicants to have a diagnosis when applying for this benefit.   The benefit is offered in two rates depending on how much additional help or supervision one needs. Those needing need help during either the day or night could get £61.85 per week while those that need help during both the day and night could get £92.40 a week. Claimants also don’t need to have a carer or attendant. Rather, they simply need to prove they need the help. People could use the additional income from Attendance Allowance to retain their independence. READ MORE: PIP: All the freebies you can claim from the DWP to save thousands of pounds in June  It is also not just set aside for those with physical disabilities, as any of the following can qualify for the benefit:   The biggest requirement for this benefit is that applicants must be over the state pension age and have required the care or supervision for at least six months. Citizen’s Advice highlighted: “You don't need to have had a diagnosis for your condition to apply for Attendance Allowance. “For example, you might still be having tests or appointments to find out what's wrong with you. “As long as you've needed help or supervision, or you've had difficulties, for six months because of your condition you can claim Attendance Allowance.”  Living in a hospital or care home when applying for Attendance Allowance can impact the money one receives and when they will receive it. Additionally, claimants cannot receive Attendance Allowance if they are already getting Personal Independence Payments (PIP) or Disability Living Allowance (DLA) to pay for their care. Alongside the health requirements, there are other criterion that applicants need to meet in order to claim the benefit. People living in the EU, Switzerland, Norway, Iceland or Liechtenstein may be able to get Attendance Allowance but are directed to consult Government guidelines.  With regards to location, applicants must: