Blue Bloods finished its 12th outing on NBC in May and with series 13 already confirmed by the network, the future is looking very bright for the drama. Unlike other long-running series such as the Law and Order and NCIS franchises, the majority of Blue Bloods' original cast has remained intact. Nevertheless, there has been some casualties along the way, including the unexpected exit of Danny Reagan's (played by Donnie Wahlberg) wife Linda (Amy Carlson). WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Blue Bloods. Despite being married to one of the leading cast members in Blue Bloods, Linda was originally labelled as a "recurring" character in season one. Actress Amy Carlson then went on to earn the distinction of the "also starring" credit for the second series, all the way until season four. This once again changed for Carlson in season five who finally became listed as part of the main cast but this didn't last very long. Linda had a shocking off-screen death which was revealed in the season eight premiere.  READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint Linda had taken some time off work to be a stay-at-home mum but later decided to return to the rat race. The ER nurse was on duty at the time of dying in a helicopter crash while Blue Bloods wasn't airing. Linda had scarcely been mentioned following the unexpected departure during season eight and there have been even fewer mentions as the show has gone on. Going by actress Carlson's comments, she wasn't best pleased about how her character left Blue Bloods.  Prior to joining the cast of Blue Bloods, Carlson had signed a seven-year contract with the show. So the actress knew that her time was coming to an end but what surprised her was how Linda made her exit. Opening up to Deadline in 2017, she said: "I never wanted it to end that way, so I feel sad for the fans because everyone wants closure, and I hear that a lot from the fans. I feel badly that she dies the way she dies. I did not know they would do that, I was surprised. I wouldn’t have done that." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' baby Thomas DNA twist  [REACTION]Blue Bloods season 13: Will there be another series? [RELEASE DATE]Blue Bloods season 13 theory: Jamie Reagan to be made Captain  [THEORY] The 53-year-old then went on to state how she would have preferred Linda's story to end which wasn't shown in the series. She said: "I could’ve shown the death. "I guess It would’ve been nice for the fans to see her demise, to be a participant in it, and that was my vote for the fans. "I’m not sure how I would’ve chosen it but I just know that for the fans to have a way to grieve, to move through it, I think it would’ve been nice for them."  Since leaving Blue Bloods behind, Carlson has featured in a few other TV and film roles. Some of which have been A Bread Factory, Part One, The Incoherents, The Society and FBI: Most Wanted. Her latest part was in the film Know Wendy as the titular character last year. Blue Bloods is available to watch on NBC in America and on Sky Witness in the UK.