Her Majesty caught the Royal Train to Scotland yesterday after her short stay at the Palace of Holyroodhouse got the go-ahead. There had been concerns the Queen could pull out of her annual trip north of the border after mobility concerns forced her to withdraw from several big events this year. Buckingham Palace noted how "episodic mobility problems" ruled the Queen out of attending the State Opening of Parliament in May. During Platinum Jubilee celebrations earlier this month, Her Majesty also missed her thanksgiving service at St Paul's and even the Epsom Derby. Following the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, she pledged to continue to serve the country "to the best of my ability supported by my family". However, when the Queen was spotted getting on the train yesterday she did so without assistance. JUST IN: Kate Middleton releases Armed Forces Day snaps similar to beloved late royal in 1988 Dressed in a powder blue silk wool coat and dress by Stewart Parvin, paired with a hat by Rachel Trevor-Morgan, the Queen was symbolically offered the keys to the Scottish capital by its Lord Provost Robert Aldridge. In video footage shared by the Sun, the Queen can be seen boarding the train at Windsor without help from her aides. However, Her Majesty was carrying her stick in her right hand. Separate footage shared by the Mail Online also showed the Queen greeting fans in Scotland without any assistance. READ MORE: 'Shaken!' Crown Princess Mary pulls 16-year-old son out of school amid bullying scandal The monarch can instead be seen using her stick as she walks away from the train. The Queen has been joined by her youngest son Prince Edward and his wife Sophie Wessex on her trip to Scotland. The Earl and Countess of Wessex are also known by their Scottish title, the Earl and Countess of Forfar. The Queen will return to royal duties tomorrow following a short break from her Platinum Jubilee celebrations. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry's California nicknames exposed! Duchess' new friend lets slip in post [LATEST]Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry speak of family moments at Jubilee? [INSIGHT]Royal poll: Should the Royal Family give up trying to keep the Commonwealth? [ANALYSIS] Her Majesty will attend an armed forces ceremony in the gardens of Holyroodhouse as part of a presentation of the key for Edinburgh Castle. All three services will be represented at the event.