After 11 seasons, AMC’s highly acclaimed post-apocalyptic horror series, The Walking Dead will be coming to an end later this year. However, the bat-swinging Negan Smith (played by Jeffrey Dean Morgan) returns for the show’s anticipated spin-off series, Isle of the Dead. Ahead of its release, the actor teased Alicia Clark (Alycia Debnam-Carey) could make a comeback alongside his character.  Although The Walking Dead will soon be premiering its final ever episode, fans are relieved their favourite characters will return to screens for a number of upcoming spin-offs. The highly anticipated ‘Isle of the Dead’ will follow the lives of Negan and Maggie Rhea (Lauren Cohen) as they continue to fight for survival. The series will see them visit the “long cut-off” Manhattan which had become a crumbled city overrun with the dead. As the show is currently in production, Negan star Morgan took to social media and teased the return of Alicia Clark, who starred in the show’s first sequel, ‘Fear the Walking Dead.’ READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Chas Dingle in heartbreaking baby adoption twist On Monday, the actor tweeted: “To the incredible [Alycia Debnam-Carey]. You kick ass. Period. On and off-screen. “Whatever is next? I’m here for it. Congrats on an incredible run… [The Walking Dead] world will miss you… and patiently await your return.” As Morgan concluded, he teased: “How do you feel about New York? Xxjd.” This came after Carey made her final appearance as Alicia on a recent episode of Fear the Walking Dead titled ‘Amina.’  Carey sent a heartfelt response to Morgan’s tweet, alongside a ton of heart emojis, she wrote: “Thank you!! means the world coming from you, Bad b*s 4 Eva. New York is the best. I love it here xx” As the spin-off is currently filming in New York and Carey’s confirmation stating she’s in the city, fans are hoping the actress will reprise her role in Isle of the Dead. The viewers flooded the stars’ comment section with their wishes of Negan’s tease coming to life. Including @unholyfweak who added: “Imagine how ICONIC it would be if we could get this… the major timeline difference can make anything possible.”  DON'T MISS...Rod Stewart 'disappointed' by Harry and Meghan's treatment of Queen [INSIGHT]Fear the Walking Dead's Madison star unveils Rick Grimes link [INSIGHT]Fear the Walking Dead cast pay tribute after co-star exit [INSIGHT] Another fan @captnmarvl agreed: “Alicia in the Isle of the dead spin-off… I’d pass away if Maggie and Alicia ever met.” @bigdogXVI commented: “I hope you and [Jeffrey Dean Morgan] can work on a project together!!! It would be amazing!” Although Carey never made an appearance in the original series, she was first introduced to fans in the pilot episode of the hit sequel. The first three seasons took fans to a time before the zombie apocalypse and focused on her family who was navigating life during the early days of the outbreak.  Whereas, the subsequent instalments occurred at the same time as the original series but focused on Morgan Jones (Lennie James). Carey was also featured in these seasons as a resident and high-ranking member of the Broke Jaw Ranch community, after becoming the co-leader. However, it all came to an end, when she spent the majority of her last episode fighting a fever she believed was an infection from her amputated bite. In the end, Carey made a full recovery and then decided to set off on a new mission on her own claiming she felt better than she had in a long time. Hopefully, fans will see Carey’s mission lead her to Negan and Maggie when their spin-off finally premieres. The Walking Dead is available on AMC in the US and is available on Amazon Prime Videos in the UK. 