Drivers across the UK have been warned by police to look out for a wing mirror scam. The scam is currently happening in some parts of Wales where drivers are forced to hand over hundreds and even thousands of pounds. Police are now worried that the scam could spread across the UK. A driver of a Range Rover was reportedly hit by scammers in the Pensarn area of Conwy at the end of May. The scam involves a person standing nearby an approaching vehicle and attempting to strike the wing mirror with some kind of an object. This could be a stick or anything else that can cause damage to a car’s wing mirror. READ MORE: British drivers rejoice at claims that EVs should be taxed The scammers then pressure the driver into believing that they struck the fraudster’s car. They demand high payment for repairs on the spot. A North Wales Police spokesperson warned: "The victim will be driving along and then hear a bang on the passenger side of their vehicle. “A car will then follow behind, get them to pull over, and then claim that the victim just struck his driver's door mirror and demand cash for repairs. DON'T MISS Tourist has car flooded after parking in harbour and ignoring advice [SHOCKING] Drivers baffled after ‘free parking’ sign appears in middle of London [INSIGHT] Nearly 100,000 drivers at risk of losing their licence [REVEAL] "What actually happens is that the scammer is parked at the roadside and will deliberately strike the victim's car as it passes. The damaged mirror is fake and wasn't caused by the victim." The police said that anyone with information about the Pensarn incident should come forward. They can do so by calling 101 and quoting the reference code B078072. Car door mirrors have become much more advanced in recent years and cost much more to replace. In the most extreme cases, some cars now have cameras instead of glass to enable the driver to see behind. These cameras can cost £1000s to replace if they are struck by another car. This is the latest in a long list of scams that drivers are having to avoid. It has been reported that driving tests are being sold on the black market for more than three times the normal fee. The scam means learners are paying more than £200 to beat a huge backlog caused by the pandemic. An investigation found test slots were being bought in bulk and sold on for profits to learners who would otherwise have to wait months for a test slot. One operator reportedly used automated computer software called bots to book tests as soon as they became available online following a cancellation. Investigators also uncovered evidence that some instructors and other people were being encouraged to resell slots for a profit. Tests were banned during coronavirus lockdowns, leading to a vast backlog of people desperate to get a full driving licence. By December, more than half a million learners were waiting. Many are facing waits of up to 10 months, prompting some to turn to the secondary market, paying a fee to companies to find cancelled tests. Others face eight-hour round trips to take advantage of an available slot many miles away. The Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency urged learners to be patient and only use official channels. It also said it was stepping up its IT defences against bots. A spokesman said: “We urge applicants not to use any third-party cancellation-checking services and to always go through the official DVSA website. "We’ve already put in place measures to monitor and prevent bots from accessing our systems while also strengthening our firewall to tackle the issue.”