Manchester United reportedly have concerns over signing Ajax defender Lisandro Martinez as they don’t think he’s tall enough and don’t think he can play at left-back. The 24-year-old has been tipped to move to the Premier League this summer, with Arsenal also said to be interested in landing him. United chiefs are desperately looking to bolster their team during the current transfer window to support their new manager Erik ten Hag, who left Ajax to take the reins at Old Trafford earlier this summer. And they have been linked with a whole host of Ten Hag’s former charges. Martinez is the latest Ajax player being tipped to move to Old Trafford. But, according to The Athletic, United may have concerns. Arsenal see Martinez as a player who can operate at left-back - but United might not be looking to utilise him in that position. And they may therefore want to sign a player who is taller than the Argentina international, who is 5ft 9in. United endured an egregious campaign last season as they struggled to assert their dominance in any of the competitions they were in. The Red Devils finished sixth in the Premier League and were only able to reach the first knockout round of the Champions League. And they exited the FA Cup and Carabao Cup in the early rounds. READ MORE: Man Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinations   Ten Hag will be looking to reverse United’s fortunes next season and reduce the deficit between his side and the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool at the top of the table. And the 52-year-old is likely to put an emphasis on solving his team’s defensive frailties. United’s defence came under fire last season as they shipped a staggering 57 Premier League goals. Harry Maguire suffered a dip in form, while Raphael Varane wasn’t always convincing during his maiden season in England. And Ten Hag will be well aware that he will need his transfers to pay off this summer to have any chance of success. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinationsMan Utd board 'in talks' over surprise first signing to kickstart Erik ten Hag eraWhat Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told Frenkie de Jong to spark dramatic transfer U-turn    Martinez joined Ajax from Argentinian side Defensa in 2019 and has gone on to rack up 118 appearances for the Dutch side. He has also won seven caps for his country and started their 5-0 friendly win against Estonia earlier this month. Ajax are said to be keen to keep the player in Holland for one more season and have already reportedly turned down a £25.8million bid from Arsenal for him.  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here