More than 500 care leavers in the country will receive this lump sum through Universal Basic Income (UBI) to assist them in transitioning into adult life. Care leavers is the term used to describe young people who have gone through the care system, whether it be growing up in a children’s home or being in foster care. This UBI scheme is set to last for three years and is part of a £20million trial run to determine how successful such an initiative will be. Universal Basic Income is a policy which involves those who live in the same area getting a regular payment at the same rate each. The set payment rate for Wales’ UBI scheme for care leavers is £1,600 before tax which means that those eligible for the support will receive upwards of £19,000 a year. Over the three year period, Universal Basic Income recipients will be able to get a staggering £57,000. Once tax is taken into account, care leavers will be claiming £1,280 a month to help with the cost of living. READ MORE: ‘It’s free money!’ Britons urged to act now to slash tax by thousands  Those who will be in receipt of the support will be carefully examined by the Welsh Government and will receive advice on how to manage their finances. The first £1,600 UBI payment will be delivered to young care leavers in Wales on July 1, 2022. This intervention by the Welsh Government comes as young people are struggling to cope with the cost of living crisis. Currently, inflation is sitting at 9.2 percent and households are preparing for their energy bills to reach as high as £2,800 by October.  Wales’ First Minister Mark Drakeford shared why this latest UBI scheme is being rolled out across the country and what he hopes to achieve. Mr Drakeford explained: “Many of those involved in this pilot don’t have the support lots of people, myself included, have been lucky enough to enjoy as we started out on our path to adulthood. “Our radical initiative will not only improve the lives of those taking part in the pilot, but will reap rewards for the rest of Welsh society. If we succeed in what we are attempting today this will be just the first step in what could be a journey that benefits generations to come.” Jane Hutt, the devolved Government’s minister for Social Justice, added: “We’re in the midst of a cost-of-living crisis like no other and we therefore need new ways of supporting people who are most in need. READ MORE: Triple lock reinstated: How much will you get in state pension boost? "Our Basic Income pilot is an incredibly exciting project giving financial stability to a generation of young people. “Too many people leaving care face huge barriers to achieving their hopes and ambitions; such as problems with getting a safe and stable home, to securing a job and building a fulfilling career. This scheme will help people live a life free of such barriers and limitations. “We will carefully evaluate the lessons learnt from the pilot. Listening to everyone who takes part will be crucial in determining the success of this globally ambitious project. “We will examine whether Basic Income is an efficient way to support society’s most vulnerable and not only benefit the individual, but wider society too.” Tiff Evans, Voices from Care Cymru’s development officer, emphasised why the Welsh Government’s latest scheme is a “brilliant opportunity” for carer levers. On the Universal Basic Income scheme, Ms Evans said: “This is a brilliant opportunity for care leavers in Wales. “It is good to see that care leavers in Wales are being thought of and the Welsh Government are providing this opportunity for them as young people to become responsible, control some parts of their lives and have a chance to thrive and be financially independent. “We thank the Welsh Government for investing in them and their future and we look forward to other changes and developments for care experienced young people in Wales in order for them to reach life aspirations.”