If you're a PS Plus subscriber, then chances are you're counting down the minutes until the release of the free PS4 and PS5 games for July 2022. Headlined by God of War, the next batch of PlayStation Plus games have a June 7 release date and an estimated 10am BST launch time for fans living in the UK. Needless to say, this is your last chance warning to download the May 2022 line-up, which includes FIFA 22, Curse of the Dead Gods and Tribes of Midgard. As for the June line-up, God of War will undoubtedly go down as one of the finest PlayStation Plus releases of all time. Winning countless game of the year awards when it launched back in 2018, the game follows Kratos and his son Atreus as they embark on a journey to scatter the ashes of the former's late wife Faye. Sony explains more: "Living as a man outside the shadow of the gods, Kratos must adapt to unfamiliar lands, unexpected threats, and a second chance at being a father. "Together with his son Atreus, the pair will venture into the brutal Norse wilds and fight to fulfil a deeply personal quest. "This staggering reimagining of God of War combines all the hallmarks of the iconic series – epic boss fights, fluid combat, and breathtaking scale – and fuses them with a powerful and moving narrative that re-establishes Kratos’ world." Of course, God of War isn't the only game joining the PS Plus line-up in June. The first-party Sony blockbuster will be joined by Naruto to Boruto: Shinobi Striker and Nickelodeon All-Star Brawl. Nickelodeon All-Star Brawl is a bit of a love-letter to Super Smash Bros, only with a cast of Nickelodeon characters. "Brawl it out as your favorite Nickelodeon characters in bombastic platform battles," reads the official description. "With a power-packed cast of heroes from the Nickelodeon universe, face-off with all-stars from SpongeBob Squarepants, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, The Loud House, Danny Phantom, Aaahh!!! Real Monsters, The Wild Thornberrys, Hey Arnold!, Rugrats, and more to determine ultimate animation dominance. "With unique move sets and attacks inspired by their personalities, each character has an individual style of play enabling endless action for Nickelodeon’s legion of fans." Naruto to Boruto: Shinobi Striker isn't too dissimilar, although the anime characters battle in 3D arenas. If you want to join PS Plus at a discounted price, then you should head over to ShopTo where you can pick up a 12-month subscription for just £42.85. Brawl it out as your favorite Nickelodeon characters in bombastic platform battles. With a power-packed cast of heroes from the Nickelodeon universe, face-off with all-stars from SpongeBob Squarepants, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, The Loud House, Danny Phantom, Aaahh!!! Real Monsters, The Wild Thornberrys, Hey Arnold!, Rugrats, and more to determine ultimate animation dominance. With unique move sets and attacks inspired by their personalities, each character has an individual style of play enabling endless action for Nickelodeon’s legion of fans.