Kyiv's ambassador to Ankara said on Friday Turkish buyers were among those receiving grain that Russia had illegally shipped out of Crimea, the Black Sea peninsula the Kremlin seized and annexed in 2014. He added he is working with Tayyip Erdogan's government and Interpol to identify and capture individuals responsible for the trade movements. Ukraine's embassy in Lebanon, citing Ukrainian law enforcement, alleged the grain aboard the vessel had been "stolen" from Ukrainian storage facilities in areas newly occupied by Russian troops. The embassy said: "The wheat is stolen from a facility that combines wheat from three Ukrainian regions into one batch." Adding that it had tried to reach out to the Syrian authorities but had never received a response, it said: "This is criminal activity." The embassy said more than 100,000 tonnes of "plundered" Ukrainian wheat had arrived in Syria over the last three months. The row comes as 20million tonnes of corn wait to be shipped out of Odesa, with cargo vessels unable to sail because the port is mined and due to a lack of assurance the Russians in control of the Black Sea will not intervene. Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said on Friday Kyiv is prepared to work on resuming trade from the key port, yet outlined the challenges that would come with such a move. He wrote on Twitter: "Ukraine is ready to create necessary conditions to resume exports from the port of Odesa. "The question is how to make sure that Russia doesn't abuse the trade route to attack the city of Odesa. "No guarantees from Russia so far. "We seek solutions together with the UN and partners." Grain trapped in Ukraine's ports — and the impact this is having on global supply as well as, consequently, prices — is a key topic in discussion over how to minimise the global impact of the war. Import-dependent states in North Africa and the Middle East are due to suffer the most. DON'T MISSPutin religion: Does Russia’s President believe in God? [ANALYSIS]NATO membership: Is Denmark in Alliance [EXPLAINER]Russia’s ‘five hands’ that could spark nuclear armageddon [INSIGHT] Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said at the Globsec security conference on Thursday: "The world is now teetering on the cusp of a food security crisis. "There is a ... catastrophic rise in prices of basic products in various countries." Addressing the audience in Bratislava via video link, he added: "If we do not avert [the supply problems] we will see political chaos in Africa and Asia, and an ensuing migration crisis in Europe when people suffering from famine will seek refuge elsewhere." UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said last month the only effective solution to the food crisis was reintroducing Ukraine's food production, as well as fertiliser produced by both Russia and Belarus, back into global trading. He stressed: "There is enough food in our world now if we act together. But unless we solve this problem today, we face the spectre of global food shortage in the coming months."