Fans are cheap to run and provide instant relief from the heat, making them a great alternative to costly air conditioning units. While these portable appliances are perfect for quickly blasting a space with cold air, they may not be as effective at lowering the room temperature as you think. Luckily there are plenty of affordable alternatives that you can use instead - but what are they? The breeze created by fans is enough to make anyone feel instantly cooler, but it is unlikely to have a lasting effect on the temperature of the room. In fact, the only time a fan will actually reduce the heat of your home is if the air temperature outside the house is cooler than the air inside. For this to work, it is best to place the fan near a window to help draw cool air into the home or create a cross current to exhaust some of the hot air trapped inside. However, if instant relief from the warm weather is what you’re after, fans are effective at reducing your body temperature as the cool breeze glides over your skin. READ MORE: How to organise your kitchen in 10 minutes for 'stress-free' space Whether you’re looking for a better way to cool your house down or you simply don’t own a fan, there are several alternatives that will work well instead. Damp or even wet sheets can be hung over an open window to help reduce the temperature indoors. Known as the ‘Egyptian Method’, the sheets should be rinsed and spun so the material is wet but not dripping wet. Secure sheets to curtain rails with pegs or simply hang them over the pole to create a cooling breeze. This isn’t recommended if your home is prone to mould or damp, though it will work well in a ventilated space. Opening every window in your house won’t make a difference if there’s no breeze outside, but it can work if you’re strategic about which ones you open. Creating a cross-breeze is easy to do by simply opening windows at opposite ends of the house or a single room. This creates a tunnel of fresh air, working to displace some of the heat lurking inside your property. If you have an accessible loft hatch, it’s worth opening up to allow heat to rise beyond your living space. Keep the hatch open as much as you can during the hot weather to avoid lingering heat making your bedrooms even warmer at night. DON'T MISS:Dog owners warned of 'silent killer' as pets could be put at risk [INSIGHT]How to keep conservatories cool: 5 best ways from an expert [ANALYSIS]How to sleep in hot weather - 8 ‘quick fixes’ to stay cool at night [REVEAL] Blocking the heat of the sun streaming in through windows and doors is easily solved by keeping curtains closed, and this simple method will make it even more effective. Instead of keeping all curtains or blinds closed throughout the day, it is better to follow the position of the sun as it moves around your home. Start by keeping windows and curtains closed on the ‘sunny side’ of your home in the morning to block warm air and sunlight coming through, and keep the shaded side of your property open. Change this throughout the day as the sun moves to make the most of the cool air while still getting some light into your home. Dehumidifiers are primarily designed to extract moisture from the air, but it can also work as a useful cooling tool for your home. Swap a noisy fan for a dehumidifier to dry out the air in your room and reduce moisture and warmth. This clever tool creates a completely dry atmosphere that is cool and refreshing - but you will have to be patient. Take care not to over-dehumidify as this can reduce moisture levels to a potentially dangerous amount.