When cleaner Daniel Devereux returned home after an exhausting eight-hour shift he found that his McDonald's meal was drenched in coke. The 35-year-old's Just Eat order came from the McDonald's branch on Victoria Road in Fenton, Staffordshire. Daniel paid £12.98 for a Grand Big Mac meal with a strawberry milkshake, but was devastated when he discovered that he had been sent a coke by mistake, and that it had spilt all over his food, reports StokeonTrentLive. It was taken back to the restaurant and Daniel demanded a refund. After initially being refunded just £8.49 - excluding the delivery charge - he made a complaint to Just Eat. He has now slammed its customer service - and got the delivery charge back too.   Daniel, from Hanley, Staffordshire, said: "The drink was literally lying on its side. The paper bag was soaked and so was the food bag so I never even touched it. "The dude pulled it out and then we just looked at each other and then he walked off. I never took the food, the driver took it back because it was ruined. "I requested a refund and they said they would send me back £8.49. I sent them a message back saying I paid £12.98 for it. They replied back saying that they don’t refund delivery. "I had just got back from an eight-hour shift, I was hungry, and desperate for food. I had to spend more money to go out and get another takeaway.” Daniel added: "I am disappointed with the customer service from Just Eat. You expect to get a full refund as a matter of course when something like this happens. "I am not a serial refunder, I have only had one refund. I work for a living and I just wanted food after a long day at work." Just Eat has confirmed that Daniel has now been offered the full refund. A Just Eat spokesperson said: "At Just Eat, we always want our customers to have a positive experience when ordering their food online. "We are sorry to hear, that in this case, the customer's experience fell below the high standards we hope to deliver. "We can confirm that we have already processed a full refund and have been in touch with the customer."