Earlier today, Baroness Drake CBE, Baroness Ros Altmann, CBE and former pensions minister Sir Steve Webb appeared in front of the Work and Pensions Committee to discuss the state of retirement in the UK. Sir Steve referred to the pension system as a “slow motion car crash” for Britons who have not yet retired. In response, the pension experts are calling for urgent reform to be implemented to prevent further damage from being done. The group's immediate recommendations included measures to improve outcomes for workers and in particular women, low earners and the self-employed and gig economy workers. Becky O’Connor, the head of Pensions and Savings at interactive investor, said reform of the pension system is “urgent”. Ms O’Connor explained: “Solutions to the growing problem of people facing hardship in retirement are staring the Government in the face. “Reform of both the state pension and workplace pension systems is urgent. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum “Women, low earners and the self-employed in particular, are at high risk of retiring without enough income, as the pension system moves from defined benefit to defined contribution and a growing number of people retire with smaller pots as a result. “The truth is many do not even realise the difficulty that awaits them in retirement because of a chronic lack of engagement with retirement planning - until it is too late.” One of the proposals being suggested to improve state pensions is backdating claims for National Insurance credits for women who are not working to parent their children., beyond the current limit of three months. Furthemore, the experts called on legislation to be improved on pension sharing in divorce proceedings and further reform of the way tax relief works to help the public’s understanding of it. As well as this, another pension reform proposal is the reinstatement of the right of carers to build up additional state pension. During the Committee, the group called for improved social care provision to take the pressure off women, who are more likely to become carers. They also urged the Government to equalise employment benefits for men and women to help increase women’s earnings, as well as their pensions. Finally, the experts asked for an increase to employer contributions from the current minimum of three percent to five percent. In the wake of the coronavirus pandemic, the Government made the controversial decision to temporarily suspend the triple lock on state pensions. The triple lock is a promise made by the Government to raise pension payment rates by either inflation, average earnings or 2.5 percent. However, due to wages being artificially inflated during the pandemic, the links to average earnings was scrapped. As a result, state pension payments are likely to rise higher than the 3.1 percent they went up by this year.  Currently, the full state pension for those of retirement age of 66 years old is £185.15 per week. How much someone actually gets from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) is dependent on their National Insurance record. This pension payment is usually paid every four weeks into the bank or building society account of the claimant’s choice. Express.co.uk has contacted the Department for Work and Pensions asking for comment.