Attendance Allowance is a benefit payment solely created for those who are of the state pension age, which is currently 66. It is designed to help those with the additional costs that arise from having a long-term health condition or illness. The maximum amount someone can claim from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) payment is £370 a month. On its website, the DWP breaks down how someone on the state pension could be eligible for Attendance Allowance. According to the Government department, someone is eligible for the benefit if they “have a physical disability, a mental disability (including learning difficulties), or both”. On top of this, they must have required help for at least six months to be eligible for Attendance Allowance. How much money someone gets from Attendance Allowance is dependent on the “severity” of their condition, according to the DWP. READ MORE: ‘It’s free money!’ Britons urged to act now to slash tax by thousands  As such, the benefit scheme is paid at two different rates, one higher and the other lower, which are awarded depending on how the DWP sees fit. Pensioners will be able to get £92.40 a week if they are eligible for the higher amount or £61.85 if they are entitled to the lower rate. A state pensioner who is suffering from a severe health condition or illness would get £369.60 from Attendance Allowance. If someone’s health condition or illness changes dramatically, Attendance Allowance recipients have a responsibility to inform the DWP as this could affect how much they get.  Those claiming the DWP payment could also be eligible for additional support through benefits such as Pension Credit, Housing Benefit or council tax Reduction. Any money received from Attendance Allowance will be paid directly into the state pensioner’s bank or building society account. It should be noted that any extra money received from Attendance Allowance does not cover a pensioner’s mobility costs. Potential claimants can apply for Attendance Allowance by calling the benefit payment’s helpline on 0800 731 0122. READ MORE: Triple lock reinstated: How much will you get in state pension boost? Alternatively, applicants can download a claim form for the payment on the GOV.UK website. On the Age UK website, the organisation provides advice to applicants on how to successfully put forward a claim for Attendance Allowance. The charity stated: “When filling out the form, be really clear about how your illness or disability affects your life and attach any supporting information, such as GP letters, your care plans, or prescription lists. “Once you've submitted your form, the Department of Work and Pensions may contact you for more information or arrange a doctor visit.  “It's a good idea to prepare for this visit by writing things down you think the doctor should know about. “You'll get a letter about whether or not you’ll get Attendance Allowance, how much, and from what date. “If you’re not happy with the decision, you can appeal. We have more information about appealing a benefits decision.” State pensioners who are looking for extra help with their Attendance Allowance application can reach out to Age UK for support. Potential Attendance Allowance claimants will be able to contact the charity through its free advice line on 0800 678 1602.