Getafe president Angel Torres has revealed the Madrid-based La Liga minnows have been offered the chance to sign Gareth Bale by his representatives, in a major transfer bombshell. The 32-year-old attacker, who won five Champions League trophies with Real Madrid, will wave goodbye to the Bernabeu in June upon the expiry of his contract.  Bale had been leaning towards retirement had Wales failed to qualify for the World Cup in Qatar but last Sunday's play-off triumph over Ukraine in Cardiff means he's in need of a new club. It's now emerged that Bale has been floated to Getafe, who are based just 30 minutes across the city from Real Madrid, by his agent Jonathan Barnett. Speaking on Wednesday at a formal presentation, Getafe president Torres revealed: "50 minutes ago they offered me Gareth Bale. "I have to think about it and talk to the coach, I don't know if he's going to come." READ MORE: Gareth Bale issues four-word response on retirement after Wales qualify for World Cup Getafe are managed by former Watford boss Quique Sanchez Flores, who may now play a part in the club's final decision over a deal. The pull and unique selling point of a left-field move to Getafe for Bale is centered around the idea that he does not have to relocate and leave his family home in the Spanish capital. Bale is also set to receive a host of offers from back home in Britain with Cardiff among the favourites to land the Wales international. His national team boss Rob Page has declared that Bale needs a sympathetic club that are willing to help him. READ MORELiverpool 'make club-record Darwin Nunez bid' with Jurgen Klopp 'crazy' about transferBenfica respond to Man Utd 'swap deal offer for Darwin Nunez' with counter proposalGareth Bale issues four-word response on retirement after Wales qualify for World Cup Page said on Wales' never-say-die spirit: "We haven’t got 10 Gareth Bales in that [Wales] changing room. It is harder to do that [at club level]; you do have to have that sort of ‘throw the blanket over all of the players, this is how we’re going to train today’. “That is going to be his [Bale’s] difficulty, finding someone that will manage him. He has to take that responsibility himself and that will determine whether he plays a lot of football because if he’s not able to train like that through the week the manager at the respective club might not want to select him on the weekend. He understands what he needs to do. “Gareth’s problems in the past have been when he’s not been playing week in, week out, and for the Belarus game he came into camp undercooked and ended up getting a little tweak in his calf, so he understands he needs to play. "It is up to him and his family to decide on where is best for him to get in the right frame of mind for November, it’s going to be as simple as that, and it might even be as short term as that.” Bale only featured seven times in all competitions for Real Madrid last season following his return from a loan spell with former club Tottenham. The seasoned veteran suffered from a number of injury problems including knee, calf and back issues. He's now looking to put those behind him as he prepares to embark on a new chapter at club level for the final stretch of his career. A short-term contract - that runs until the World Cup or only lasts the first half of the season - is not being ruled out at this stage.