BOXXER promoter Ben Shalom has revealed that Dillian Whyte will fight again and is expected to return to competition in Autumn. Whyte was stopped by Tyson Fury in April of this year at Wembley Stadium and after sustaining such a brutal defeat many believed ‘The Body Snatcher’ may retire. But Shalom -- whose promotional outfit is broadcasted on Sky Sports – believes Whyte has more to give and hopes he will return to his long-term home on Sky. “I know that he’s going to fight again whether it’s with this broadcaster or that broadcaster or that promoter, I don’t know but it would be great to see Dillian back,” Shalom told Sky Sports. “I don’t think that was him against Tyson Fury, I think anyone can see that and I want to see him back in the ring. I think he was such a fan favourite on Sky for so many years, it would be great, there’s a lot of big fights still out there for him and again I think he will be fighting in Autumn and hopefully, we’ll be involved.” Shalom was on the sports channel talking about new signing Joseph Parker and his next fight. The New Zealander is expected to return to the ring against Joe Joyce in September but if they are unable to reach an agreement Shalom revealed a list of potential opponents including Whyte. He said: “Obviously, it’s been well documented that we would love that fight and we hope that it might still happen. But if it’s not going to happen, that was the number one, we’re looking at everything, we’re looking at Wallin, we’re looking at Franklin, we’re even looking at Wilder now that he’s back in the mix, and obviously perhaps the Dillian Whyte rematch. The Great thing about Joseph is, that he wants the big fights, and he will be fighting at the end of September.” Whyte and Parker fought each other in 2018, with Whyte coming away with a points victory in a gruelling contest. The Brit survived a last-round crisis to prevail on the night after being wobbled and knocked down at the death in a thrilling finish. MORE BOXING NEWS... Anthony Joshua captured sharing classy message with Oleksandr Usyk Tommy Fury to ditch father John and hire new trainer for Paul fight Tyson Fury gets fans to chant 'Jake Paul is a p***y' The Brixton bomber is currently 28-3 as a professional with big wins over the likes of Alexander Povetkin, Derek Chisora, Robert Helenius, and of course Parker. Whyte has been a massive pay-per-view draw for Sky Sports over the years with 300,000 plus buys in fights against Anthony Joshua, Oscar Rivas, Chisora, Parker, and Povetkin.