His Tweet read:  Beware. Just had a clever version of the 'pay £1.99 for Post Office Parcel delivery' scam text, aiming to steal bank info.” Britons flocked to the comment section of the Tweet, with some noting they had received, and almost fell for, the same scam texts.   Mr Lewis continued on Twitter to say: “The 'fee' isn't mentioned in the text, it talks about ‘delays in transit’ and offers ‘a date to reschedule’.” “It's only when you click thru it mentions a fee.”(sic) Similar scams have cropped up in the past involving the Post Office and mentioning missing or delayed parcels. However, Mr Lewis highlighted that this new round of scam texts could be even more dangerous. READ MORE: PIP: All the freebies you can claim from the DWP to save thousands of pounds in June     He shared: “It's clever because it's morphed and is now less obvious.” Twitter user KatieLDN noted she had received the same scam text, and almost got caught out by it. She wrote: “I got this - off my guard at the end of a long day at work. Thankfully clocked it before I’d put card details in, but I immediately got a second scam text pretending to be from my bank. “So even if you realise, they’ve got a plan to try and scam you a second time as you panic!”  The text message can seem convincing, and for those who do have a parcel going through the Post Office, it may immediately spark concern. The message usually has some variation of the following:  The website links often look genuine and will take victims to a convincing Post Office website clone. These websites are created to only last a few days, this means it is not around long enough to receive enough reports to highlight to people that it is a suspicious website. Once on the website, the information fishing starts off innocently enough with victims being asked to enter their postcode. However, they are then usually asked for their full name, delivery address, email address, date of birth and mobile number.  All of this information can be used to commit identity fraud, alongside the fact that some people will use a combination of this information to form passwords. It still goes further, as victims are then asked for a new delivery date and card details to cover a ‘redelivery charge’. These charges are often small amounts like £1.10, but it’s not this that the scammers are after but all of the money in the bank account that they now have access to through their card. Anyone who receives a scam or suspicious text can report it to 7726.