Silent Witness continues to be a BBC favourite and the crime drama recently aired its 25th season. The show has become one of the world’s longest-running crime dramas with more than six million viewers on average watching the latest episodes. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the show's future. Season 25 of Silent Witness started airing in May 2022 and it was made up of six episodes. As of June 2022, the first 24 seasons have been released on DVD, with all episodes from all 25 series available on BBC iPlayer. The show continues to be a hit with Nikki Alexander (Emilia Fox) and Jack Hodgson (David Caves) at its helm in recent years. While there has been speculation that the show will be returning, it has not been confirmed by the BBC yet. READ MORE: Monty Don stuns fans as he announces change to Gardeners' World However, with the series having just celebrated its 25th anniversary, it seems unlikely the medical drama will end any time soon. Actor Caves told Radio Times the series "could go on forever". Actress Sophia Myles also revealed she has been filming for Silent Witness. As she did not appear in season 25, it seems her appearance is yet to come in future episodes. In April, she posted a video on Twitter teasing some details of her latest projects. She said: “I’ve had another wonderful week at work, filming Silent Witness. “And I have to say they are just the most lovely crew. The cast, every single person is just so special and kind and full of energy and creativity and it fills my soul with such joy. "It’s also a really, really fun role for me to play, it’s something I haven’t really done before. “I’ve quite often played the, well, damsel in distress, but I’ve always been generally a goodie. "I’m not saying I’m a baddie in this, I’m not saying anything about it, because I can’t and I also don’t want to spoil the show for you." DON'T MISS... Suzie Fletcher children: Does The Repair Shop star have any children? [EXPLAINER] Silent Witness admits they ‘wanted to cry’ ahead of return [INTERVIEW] Where are the original cast of Silent Witness now? [INSIGHT] Sharing some details on her character, she said: "The woman I’m playing, she is incredibly alpha, almost more alpha than any of the alpha males. "It’s so exciting, I can’t share any more but I can’t wait for you to see it." However, there is one character who has already said she would not return for another season. Amanda Burton, who plays Sam Ryan, returned for the show's 25th anniversary but said she would not commit to any more seasons. She told Radio Times Magazine: "No. No more Silent Witness. "This has been so special and gorgeous, and to be a part of this landmark celebration of the 25th anniversary is enough." The series has been described by the cast as timeless, with the stars suggesting it could never go out of fashion. Fans can only hope the series will continue for many years to come.  Silent Witness is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.