The Shetland island offers buyers a 17th century villa and is on the market for less than £2million. The current owners used to fly party guests out using charter planes. The Isle of Vaila, Shetland, is on the market for £1.75 million including 757 acres of land and a six-bed mansion with four front rooms, as well as 200 purebred Shetland ewes. It also has a farmhouse and cottage and a coastline spanning around 6.5 miles which is perfect for fishing or hiking, where the Atlantic Ocean and North Sea meet. For 30 years Vaila was owned by Richard Rowland and Dorota Rychlik, who left London for the remote island and married there in 1994 in front of 150 guests. They bought the mansion and all its fittings and furnishings. The couple even owns the boat used to make the 10 minute journey to and from mainland Shetland. READ MORE: Simon Calder issues baggage warning - ‘You'll never see it again!'  However, the couple has now decided to focus on their fine art gallery in Lerwick, Shetland, and said it was "a wrench" to leave. Mr Rowland said: "We've had 30 fantastic years here, and we're getting on in years now, so I think the time has come for someone else to take on the place. "One just has to be realistic that nothing is forever." He first spotted it in Historic Scotland's Buildings at Risk register and bought it from the descendants of Yorkshire mill magnate Herbert Anderton, who had the six-bed Vaila Hall built as his summer getaway in the 1890s.  Vaila Hall has been lovingly restored and has stained glass windows, a baronial hall and a stone fireplace. Also included in the sale are a three-bedroom farmhouse, a two-bedroom caretaker's cottage and the Mucklaberry watchtower, dating from the 18th Century, which overlooks the coast. Before the Anderton dynasty, the founder of P&O Ferries Arthur Anderson leased the island in 1837 and established the Shetland Fishing Company there. Mr Rowland said: "We were looking for a project to take on and restore, and had really thought more of the Western Isles or mainland Scotland, and hadn't really thought about Shetland at all until we saw this. "We've had innumerable parties. We used to charter planes to bring guests up here." He wrote in a book about the island: "Vaila is a microcosm of all that is best about Shetland. "Space, peace, natural beauty and wonderful light." The island even has a skeleton of a 42ft sperm whale on a byre after it was beached in 2000. Luke French from estate agent Savills said: "At the meeting point of the North Sea and the Atlantic Ocean, this is a wild and beautiful part of the world. "The juxtaposition of the dramatic, elemental land and seascape with the exquisite craftsmanship of historic Vaila Hall makes for a quite extraordinary property. "A rare prize indeed for the next owner but also one which benefits from practical forethought by the sellers with the shore base building providing ease of access and the farming enterprise, farmhouse and cottage creating a variety of opportunities.”