Emma Raducanu's plan to watch and learn off Novak Djokovic has been approved by John McEnroe after the Serbian put on a 'masterclass' on Wednesday afternoon. In his second-round match on Centre Court, the defending men's champion was in supreme form to see off Australian player Thanasi Kokkinakis 6-1 6-4 6-2. Djokovic will be followed on court by Raducanu, who takes on French player Caroline Garcia as she bids to keep her own hopes at SW19 alive. The British No 1 is returning to the venue where she won on Monday, overcoming Belgium's Alison Van Uytvanck 6-4 6-4. Following that match Raducanu, 19, who wore a top with Rafael Nadal’s logo after her first-round win, revealed she's both watching and learning from the world's best: “I love to watch tennis, I love to watch all the matches, I love watching people practicing," she said. "I was watching Novak warm up and it’s actually quite fascinating to see the differences between him and Rafa. With Rafa you can feel his presence but Novak is extremely easy and fluid and the way he gets his power is very different.” JUST IN: John McEnroe raises Novak Djokovic fear even if he wins Wimbledon - 'It's crazy' And judging by McEnroe's comments whilst commentating for the BBC on Djokovic, he approves of the current US Open champion assessing top male players: “Djokovic has just served and volleyed three points in a row," he said, as the top seed closed out the first set. "Ok it was 5-1 and 30-0 but that’s why younger players should be watching these kinds of players so they can have the guts to try it themselves but in the big moments. That would be the first rule in my coaching book, to watch and study these guys.” DON'T MISS:Harmony Tan's doubles partner livid with Wimbledon withdrawal after Serena Williams winNick Kyrgios Wimbledon plea made by Paul Jubb as explosive star set to play again todayCameron Norrie made brutal swipe at father’s ‘filthy Scottish accent’ McEnroe added that Djokovic was putting on a 'masterclass' in his game, and labelled him the greatest returner of serve of all-time. With the withdrawal of Matteo Berretinni, the former world No 1's status as tournament favourite is now further cemented. The tournament has taken on further significance for Djokovic, given it's likely to be his final Grand Slam event of 2022. The current laws on Covid in America mean he won't be able to travel to play the US Open in August.