Wage rises can only come with modernising practices that make the rail service fit for the 21st century. The Rail, Maritime and Transport workers union (RMT) could not have chosen a worse time to strike for more money. The pandemic has decimated rail travel. With working from home becoming the new norm for many, rail revenues and passenger numbers are just over half of pre-Covid levels.Ticket sales for the last year are just £5.9billion, compared to £11billion two years ago.Passenger journeys have plunged from 1.74 billion to 990 million.To keep the railways functioning during lockdown, the government put £16billion of taxpayers’ money into the rail industry, effectively re-nationalising it. Having invested so much of our money into the network, I think we all deserve an improved railway system fit for the future and a new reality of lower passenger numbers and ticket revenues. The problem about some unions is they are fighting the battles of yesterday. It is interesting to note it is the militant RMT – once-prominent backers of Jeremy Corbyn for Labour leader – that is taking action this week, and not the train drivers’ union ASLEF, though it is also planning future disruption.  Train drivers have weathered the last decade better than most workers, with average pay jumping from £42,482 to £59,198.That’s 60 per cent more than the average wage and higher than nurses or teachers.So it makes little sense for them to inflict further damage on their own industry, especially when it’s revealed that 5,000 train workers have already applied for voluntary redundancy, undermining union claims that this is a conflict about forced job losses. The week’s strike action will cost the government £100million in lost ticket revenue and a further loss of £450million to the wider UK economy. That’s a hit for every city centre business deprived of customers.What public sector unions ignore is that their disruption badly hits small private businesses who don’t have the luxury of being bailed out by taxpayers’ money. It is a blow for every worker unable to get to work to earn their wages.If the rail industry is to survive, it needs to economise, cut staff, and do more for less.The modernising agenda of driver-only trains, maintenance drones and closing superfluous ticket offices must be addressed. It is only right that increased automation should generate the benefit of lower costs, making train travel more attractive, not ever more expensive.Of course, workers are anxious about the impact of rampant inflation on their earnings.But the government is correct to point out that strike action for higher wages will only lead to the inflationary spiral that proved so damaging to the UK economy in the 1970s. Yet if workers are to exert some restraint in wage demands then the government must play its role in doing everything it can to tame inflation.Higher energy bills could be brought down by cutting VAT, green levies and, in time, sourcing our own home-drilled energy. Germany has fired up its old coal power stations to help reduce bills – why don’t we? The Bank of England must rectify its failure to anticipate inflationary pressures by raising interest rates so sterling can strengthen, making imported goods and energy cheaper.The great British public has already endured so much during lockdowns that it doesn’t deserve to have yet more disrupted services.Teachers threatening to strike will only cause more agony for pupils missing vital classes. NHS staff striking will only make critical waiting lists even longer, while train strikes are not only hindering a nationwide return to offices but also imperilling the vacation plans of thousands hoping to holiday at home this summer.A damaged UK cannot afford a summer of discontent.The government must stand up to old-fashioned militant unions and remind public sector workers how privileged they are to have jobs and pensions secured by taxpayers’ money.Otherwise, it’s workers in the private sector, frequently paid less, who are the real victims here and no one is standing up for them. Working people deserve a break and a tsunami of strikes does no one any good in the long run.