Red Bull boss Christian Horner has admitted he was disappointed after world champion Max Verstappen was handed the win in Baku as Ferrari star Charles Leclerc failed to finish at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix. Red Bull finished with a one-two last weekend to take control of the two championships. Red Bull have found form and turned the heat up on their rivals, and it feels as though Ferrari do not have the substance to fight back. Ferrari suffered a disappointing double-DNF due to reliability for the first time since 2009 on Sunday, with Carlos Sainz suffering a hydraulics failure while Leclerc retired. While Perez passed Leclerc in the first corner of the race, an early pit stop under virtual safety car following Sainz’s retirement put the Monegasque driver on a different strategy. On lap 20, Leclerc's power unit failed just as an exciting battle between the two talented drivers was beginning to develop, and Verstappen was left to lead his team-mate to a comfortable one-two with the Dutchman winning at a canter. Even though Ferrari and Leclerc have secured pole position at each of the last four races, Horner admitted he is frustrated by Ferrari’s unreliability. The 48-year-old said: “I think pace-wise, Ferrari have been quick and certainly on Saturdays they have dominated, but we have capitalised on their misfortune. READ MORE: Ferrari blasted for 'screwing things up' as Sainz sent Leclerc warning “It is a great shame in many respects that the race didn't quite pan out because I do think we had a good race car today and I think we would have beaten Charles strategically on the route we had picked as well.” Red Bull left the Australian Grand Prix, the third race of the season, chasing Ferrari by 49 points while Verstappen was 46 behind Leclerc. However, Verstappen now leads Leclerc by 34 points just five races later - and Ferrari trail Red Bull by 80. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton launches staunch defence of new Sky Sports punditF1 news: Horner's Hamilton dig, Norris defends LewisMax Verstappen and Charles Leclerc out to break odd Canadian GP record While Red Bull have taken the chequered flag in each and every race since Melbourne, Horner refused to get carried away heading into this weekend’s Canadian Grand Prix in Montreal. Horner added: “The important thing on their misfortune is that we capitalised on that and we banked the points. “Obviously, the championships look healthy at the moment but we can see how quickly that can change.” The 22-race F1 2022 campaign continues with the Canadian Grand Prix around the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve on June 19.