Kelvin Fletcher's wife Liz Fletcher has spoken out on the latest additions to their family a month after giving birth to twins. Liz recounted her concern Kelvin might miss the birth as she had to drive herself to the hospital after her waters broke. The Emmerdale star had to stay home looking after the couple’s other children - Marnie, five, and son Milo, three. Following Liz’s early morning hospital dash at 5am, she and Kelvin welcomed Maximus Crowther and Mateusz Kelvin into the world. Liz said: “I woke up in the morning and my waters had broken. "I rang the hospital and they said to come in. Kelvin had to stay with the kids, so I drove myself to the hospital, which is an hour away, at 5am. "I was a bit panicky that Kelvin might miss the birth if it happened straight away. “They did a scan and told me, ‘It’s going to be today’,” she added to Hello! magazine. The Kelvin's Big Farming Adventure star then announced the happy news to their fans on social media, with the actor thanking fans for their support. Kelvin wrote: “Good evening everybody, I just wanted to quickly jump on here and say thank you very much for all your comments. “We have had so many people reaching out. So thank you very much.” He could be seen speaking to the camera in a candid video taken at home. Kelvin appeared relaxed as he sat on his sofa while wearing a navy t-shirt with his hair seemingly wet from a shower. Meanwhile, Liz wrote on social media: "They are here!! My heart is filled with so much love and gratitude." DON'T MISS...Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [INSIGHT]Sam Fox ties the knot with girlfriend as she stuns in busty gown [UPDATE]Madonna wishes herself Happy Father’s Day with rare snaps of her kids [LATEST] Liz had previously discussed motherhood and her thoughts when she found out she would be having twins. She said: "I felt every single emotion under the sun. First, there's double the world.” "I thought about things like breastfeeding, how is that possible with two? “How do you pick up two babies at the same time? I felt all of this in the space of 30 seconds. “Kelvin was saying it's a miracle, and I was thinking 'How are we going to do this?' “But now we can't imagine it any other way. We feel so lucky," she told The Sun. The couple moved to the countryside last year with their children and documented the process on their BBC show Kelvin's Big Farming Adventure.