Erling Haaland has revealed the fact he feels "at home" in England and a belief that Manchester City will help get the best out of his game are the two main reasons why he opted to snub Real Madrid in favour of a move to the Premier League champions this summer. The highly sought-after striker, who also admitted to being a City fan his "whole life", additionally credited his father, Alf-Inge, for his role in the decision.   City beat a whole host of top European teams to the signing of Haaland after triggering the 21-year-old's £51million Borussia Dortmund release clause in early May. The striker appeared set on a move to Spain, with Real Madrid understood to be among the frontrunners for his signature, however, the in-demand hitman decided upon City instead. The Norwegian has since opened up on the key factors behind his transfer decision - one which was made with the aid of his father, who himself once played for City. Haaland revealed: "First of all, my father a little bit. "I was born in England, I've been a City fan my whole life, I know a lot about the club. I think in the end, two things; I feel at home a bit here. Also I think I can develop and get the best out of my game at City. JUST IN: Liverpool to 'agree terms' with second star as Reds look to build on Darwin Nunez capture  “He (Alf-Inge) lived in England, he played for the club. Of course, a lot of things have changed in the last 20 years but he lived here, so he knows what it is. "We've just been speaking about basically how it is, what's the best for me, what's this, what's that, and to try and find out everything. He's been a good dad in that thing there." Haaland took to Twitter on Friday to share his excitement at embarking on his next footballing challenge, while paying tribute to his father. The striker's post saw him upload two pictures of himself as a child wearing a City shirt, with 'Dad' emblazoned on the back. The caption read: "To be continued..." with a 'soon' emoji and a blue love heart. DON'T MISS...Tottenham boss Conte 'in talks' for £8.5m bargain he can't pass up onMan City boss Guardiola has 'secret pact' with Bernardo Silva amid Barcelona interestTottenham 'in advanced negotiations' to sign Everton ace Richarlison  Alf-Inge spent three seasons with City between 2000 and 2003 in which he made 47 appearances and netted three goals. Haaland senior also spent time with Nottingham Forest and Leeds, the place of Erling's birth, with his time in England famously marred by a career-threatening injury sustained following a controversial clash with Manchester United's Roy Keane. Erling has since gone on to eclipse his father's achievements in the game and establish himself as one of the most revered striker's in world football. Haaland, who struck a staggering 86 goals in 89 appearances for Dortmund, has carried his rich vein of form into the current international break, hitting a double in Norway's 3-2 success over Sweden on Sunday to bring his Norway tally to 20 goals in 21 caps for his country.  