Dr Jason Champagne is an award-winning Aesthetic Facial Plastic & Hair Restoration Surgeon, with a cosmetic practice in Beverly Hill, California. He spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about achieving a “youthful appearance”. The skincare also shared his top tips for anyone considering surgical and non-surgical treatments. https://www.jasonchampagnemd.com/ Dr Champagne recommended three areas to focus on if you want to look younger. He said: “The primary areas of focus to maintain a youthful appearance are the eyes and the lower face and neck. “Non-surgical treatments like Botox® and in-office radiofrequency and laser devices can reduce fine lines and wrinkles and tighten skin. “Most importantly, a good skin care regimen including sunscreen starting in your 20’s can keep your skin looking healthy and youthful through the years.” READ MORE: 'Improvement in two weeks': Face yoga guru's jowl busting exercises The expert also revealed the most popular surgical treatments currently. “Rhinoplasty and anti-aging procedures targeting the face, like facelifts and neck lifts, have been and will continue to be popular,” he explained. “But, with the recent boom in online activity like FaceTime and Zoom meetings, facial plastic surgery is seeing a significant increase in the popularity of procedures addressing the chin since many people aren’t used to seeing themselves from those angles. “Procedures like chin implants to improve the structure of the chin and neck liposuction to remove unwanted fat under the chin have skyrocketed in the last few years. DON'T MISS...Area full of ‘grease and dirt’ that’s ‘often missed’ when cleaning [EXCLUSIVE]Queen doesn’t have strawberry jam on her scones - royal chef says [VIDEO]June 2022 horoscope: What’s in store for each star sign? [ASTROLOGER] “The global pandemic has only added to the use of online interaction, and my prediction is that this trend will continue to rise.” What about non-surgical treatments? Dr Champagne said: “When it comes to improving one’s physical appearance in terms of aging, Botox® and dermal fillers are the most popular non-surgical procedures on the market in the past decade. “When performed by an expert, Botox® relaxes targeted muscles in the face to soften fine lines and wrinkles. “Whereas dermal fillers provide volume to areas like the cheekbones, chin and jaw angles. “Dermal fillers can also be used to soften deep lines around the mouth. “Another highly requested non-surgical procedure is Non-Surgical Rhinoplasty (‘Nose Job’) which is a procedure where dermal filler is used to camouflage bony prominences (humps/bumps) and lift the nasal tip.” For anyone considering surgical or non-surgical procedures, Dr Champagne had some advice. He said: “My mission is to set realistic expectations with every patient as they prepare to undergo any surgical procedure. “Don’t be afraid to ask questions. Be candid about your expectations “Understand the risks, benefits, alternatives and limitations of the procedure, and finally do your research.” Dr. Champagne attracts patients from around the globe, and one of the main reasons is his sought-after #ChampagneBrows® procedure. He previously shared the best eyebrow shape women should have if they want to look younger.