Leeds are looking to reinforce their central midfield amid the uncertain future of Manchester City target Kalvin Phillips. It has been reported that director of football Victor Orta wants to sign Bayern Munich midfielder Marc Roca this summer, with the Spaniard either providing competition for a place in midfield or acting as a replacement for the England star. Manchester City are reportedly ready to launch a bid for Phillips after the international break, with the England international eyed as a replacement for Fernandinho. But it seems the Whites have no intention of letting him go. According to The Athletic, Roca has been identified as cover to the England international should he stay put at Elland Road, allowing Jesse Marsch to play a deeper midfield two. Bayern are said to be willing to negotiate his fee of around £10m, but Leeds face competition with West Ham. The Spaniard still has three years left on his current deal, but the German champions are believed to want to offload the player after he has struggled to establish himself in the team. Phillips, meanwhile, is still under contract until 2024, and Leeds are expected to attempt to secure his long-term future with a new contract. But Pep Guardiola may have different plans however, as he believes the England midfielder has the “perfect profile” to replace Fernandinho. JUST IN: Karius' incredible new look as Liverpool confirm keeper can leave  The 26-year-old is a keen admirer of Guardiola, having heaped praise on the Spaniard after playing against him for the first time. Speaking in 2020, Phillips said: "I was more mesmerised by Pep Guardiola giving me a handshake, and saying, 'Congratulations, well done.' That was nice." Manchester United have also been emerged as a potential destination for Phillips but the midfielder would be more inclined to a move to the Etihad other than Old Trafford. City have already wrapped up the signings of Julian Alvarez and Erling Haaland, and will make the middle of midfield their top priority when the window opens on Friday. MORE PREMIER LEAGUE TRANSFER NEWS... Raheem Sterling's stance on Chelsea transfer with three alternativesNewcastle told £60m Moussa Diaby transfer off-limits by LeverkusenMan Utd target Arnaut Danjuma clarifies Liverpool transfer comments  Phillips was expected to leave if Leeds were relegated to the Championship due to a release clause in his contract, which would have allowed him to depart for just £25m. But after their last-ditch survival, Leeds can now ask for whatever they want for the midfielder, who isn't expected to push for a move away.