Obi-Wan Kenobi was hotly anticipated as it saw not only actor Ewan McGregor return to the Star Wars franchise in the iconic role of Obi-Wan but also welcomed back Darth Vader/Anakin Skywalker star Hayden Christensen to the series. Disney+ subscribers have loved watching the series which has given yet another insight into the galaxy far, far away. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the future of Obi-Wan Kenobi. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Obi-Wan Kenobi. Obi-Wan Kenobi is almost over with just one more episode left to air but will there be another series? Unfortunately, it seems like the answer is no as the Star Wars drama is listed as a limited series. This means that the original intention of the creators was to make a stand-alone show that wouldn't have multiple seasons. So, for now at least, it is going to be the end of Obi-Wan's story on Disney+. READ MORE: Gary Lineker's 'racist abuse' claims blasted by Martin Daubney Obi-Wan writer and executive producer Joby Harold explained to the Deadline Podcast that there are no plans to bring the sci-fi series back for more. He said: "I'm being asked about it constantly. "I've just been thinking about this for so long as a close-ended story that my mind is so focused on this as a sort of limited [series], that I haven't thought beyond it. "But he's [Obi-Wan Kenobi] a great character. They're all amazing characters." This doesn't, however, mean that Harold won't be working on any more Star Wars-based series in the future. While he didn't confirm any other shows are in the works, Harold did seem sheepish when asked about the possibility. He laughed: "I can't speak to any of these questions [on more Star Wars shows being made]. "But I love Star Wars, and the experience of working on Star Wars hasn't changed that in any way. "It's only made it a bigger part of my life, and I feel lucky to be a part of it." DON'T MISS... 'I'm not talking twaddle' Richard Madeley hits back at RMT boss [REACTION]Star Wars boss Kathleen Kennedy 'in talks with Stranger Things star' [EXPLAINER]Johnny Depp Pirates of the Caribbean return hopes boosted by Disney [CAST] It was a shocking end to the penultimate episode when Reva Sevander (Moses Ingram) went up against Vader herself. She had been double-crossing the Sith Lord, seeking her revenge for invading her school and murdering everyone around her - the Third Sister only survived as she pretended to be dead. Reva found her perfect moment and attacked Vader with her lightsaber but after a fierce battle, he managed to overpower her. Darth Vader stabbed her in the chest and it was left unknown if she would die from her injuries. Obi-Wan Kenobi's sixth and final episode is going to be released on Wednesday, June 22, on Disney+. The description reads: "Obi-Wan is drawn into a confrontation with Vader, as Luke's fate hangs in the balance." But how will it end between the Jedi Master and his former pupil as they battle it out one last time? Obi-Wan Kenobi is available to watch on Disney+.