It’s that time of year when the mosquitoes come out to play at night. Just when you’ve put the remnants of a BBQ feast away, the fire pit is roaring, and you’re enjoying the company of friends and family, the familiar buzz begins, before an itch flares up. Luckily, Instagram sensation, BrunchwithBabs, aka Babs, has shared an unusual hack that will stop the pesky flies from nibbling your skin. In a recent video, “the internet mom/grandma you didn’t know you needed” said: “Hi everybody it’s Babs. “Guess what I’m grating? I’m going to give you a hint - it’s not cheese, it’s soap! “Do mosquitos love you as much as they love me? “We’re having dinner around the fire pit later tonight and this is something I’ve been doing for years. READ MORE: Nightmare neighbours forced to move caravan outside home “Take a little soap - I like Irish Spring - and I’m going to just grate a little barrier around our dining area. “It keeps the mosquitoes at bay,” she remarked. “Works for me - let me know if it works for you!” Irish Spring soap is known for its classic “invigorating” scent. DON'T MISS...Costa Coffee announces FREE iced drinks - here’s how to claim [NEWS]Sophie Wessex's fast becoming Kate’s right hand woman - ‘trusted'[BODY LANGUAGE]Best way to store bananas - perfectly yellow and edible for 15 days [FOOD HACK] Hundreds of social media users flocked to the comments section to offer their thoughts on the hack. One commented: “Whattttt this is genius!!!” Someone else said: “YES it does work! And I also use it in my garden to keep rodents, and raccoons away. And, put it in a small dish and put some in pantry closets to keep mice away!! Makes the rooms smell nice too!” The same person then clarified the band of soap they use: “I use Irish spring - it’s the minty fragrance that most pest don’t like. “Yes, just grate as much of the bar as you can. I use the Mini cupcake liners, filled about half or so and put them discreetly in corners.” Another added: ”My mom does the exact same thing with Irish Spring soap in her garden to keep the bugs away. They don't like the smell amd stay away. So I feel like there's a good chance mosquitoes will stay away too!” Some, however, have mentioned how spreading grated soap around your garden isn’t environmentally friendly. One offered a solution: “This is not environmentally friendly, so maybe try putting it on a plate where you can discard it later!" Others have said you could take the bar of soap - or small pieces of it - and place it inside a mesh or nylon bag. This can then be hung around a patio, or porch or seating area. Irish Spring soap can be purchased on Amazon where a pack of three is currently £5.38. The soap comes in original, and spring aloe mist which is the fragrance Babs used.