Liverpool completing a blockbuster £85million transfer for Darwin Nunez was cause for celebration at West Ham as it means the Hammers are likelier to keep star forward Jarrod Bowen. David Moyes reportedly wants to tie down the new England international to a long-term deal that will ward off further competition. Bowen was key to West Ham’s success last season as they finished seventh in the Premier League and were semi-finalists in the Europa League. The 25-year-old scored 18 goals across all competitions and won his first four Three Lions caps during the recent international break. It was not just Gareth Southgate whose attention was caught by Bowen’s form, with several Premier League clubs linked with the former Hull ace. Liverpool and Manchester United have both been mooted as possible destinations in the past. But the Reds’ move for Nunez from Benfica means Jurgen Klopp is unlikely to target Bowen. Various reports on Thursday suggest that the Premier League runners-up will be finished with their incoming business once they acquire teenage right-back Calvin Ramsay from Aberdeen. JUST IN: Liverpool agree transfer deal with Aberdeen for Calvin Ramsay According to Give Me Sport, West Ham were ‘celebrating’ Liverpool’s signing of Nunez, who arrives at Anfield from Benfica having scored 34 goals across all competitions last season. Moyes also hopes Bowen will sign a new deal to keep him at the London Stadium. Bowen’s current deal expires in 2025 but the East Londoners hope to push up the terms of the contract. The forward earns around £60,000 per week. A new deal would reflect the fact that Bowen was a key reason for West Ham doing so well last season. He bagged 12 Premier League goals and as many assists in a fine campaign. DON'T MISS...Nine Premier League balls ranked as stunning Nike Flight wows fansLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp handed Champions League fixture nightmarePremier League fixture release in full: Man Utd, Liverpool learn fate Having Bowen sign a new contract would ease Moyes’ fears about losing his best players. However, some at West Ham believe Chelsea could still come in with a bid for midfielder Declan Rice. There has been plenty of interest in the England man, including from the Blues. The West Londoners are able to make signings following the takeover of Todd Boehly’s consortium. Moyes has insisted that Rice is not for sale and it would take a bid of around £150m to bring West Ham to the negotiating table. He said in April: “The first thing to say is that he is not for sale. If you are interested, well, it will be north of that. £100m was cheap last summer. “One hundred and fifty just now would be minimum but he is not for sale. What I do know is that it means there are only certain clubs that could even consider it.”