Carol McGiffin spoke candidly with pal and podcast host Kate Thornton as she addressed her sex drought. The on-screen presenter admitted she regrets having told her Loose Women co-star Kaye Adams, who broadcast the intimate details live on the show. The 62-year-old had shared her thoughts on cancel culture before she touched on one of her biggest regrets - telling her pal she had not had sex in seven years. Carol said that she once told Kaye about her sex life, who then went and announced the fact on an episode of Loose Women. She said: “Going back to Loose Women, I think probably I wish I hadn’t told Kaye Adams that I hadn’t had sex for seven years. “That was way before Mark (her now husband),” she said. READ MORE: Channel 5 issues statement on Our Yorkshire Farm future after split Kate then asked her if the experience “haunted” her. She replied, saying: “I didn’t say it on air, I told the Loose Women and then they said it. "Kaye said it on air. In a way, it wasn’t a viral moment, but it became a thing.” Kate chimed in saying: “It became a thing because when you started dating Mark literally people were thinking about street parties because she was open again for business.”  She added: “It was such a big deal. Maybe we should have a party because Carol’s had sex.” Carol commented on the experience on On White Wine Question Time back in March. But it wasn't long after her sex drought that the columnist was introduced to her other half Mark. Carol has been married to producer Mark, 40, for over three years. DON'T MISS... Britney Spears marries Sam Asghari in front of star-studded guest list[LATEST]GMB's Richard Madeley wants to snoop around Meghan Markle’s house[ROYALS]Amanda Holden, 51, flashes endless legs in thigh-high split dress[PICTURES] The couple met at a Loose Women wrap party in August 2008, when Carol was 48 and Mark was 26. Four months later the couple had taken the leap and moved in together. Despite becoming engaged in 2008, the pair waited until 2018 before they got married in a secret ceremony in Bangkok, Thailand. In a post shared via her Instagram account in February, Carol marked their anniversary in a gushing tribute post. She wrote: "Don’t normally have a glass of wine on a Monday but three years ago today, Mark @cassola21 and I were in Bangkok, running around the city, free as birds, eating, drinking, laughing, sweating and…….getting married. "That was ten years after we’d met. Carol continued: "We are now stronger and more together than ever, despite all the c**p of the last twelve months. "I just hope that life is kind enough to give us both at least another ten years……."