Betty White’s favourite bear, Bam Bam, has died months after the Golden Girls actress, who slipped away peacefully aged 99 in December. Betty loved Bam Bam so much she had a cardboard cutout of him in her office. They had met in 2018 at Los Angeles Zoo, and Betty was completely in love. A heartbreaking update was posted on Betty’s official Instagram account, which is now run by her former personal assistant Kierstan Mikelas. Alongside several incredible photos of Betty cuddling up to the enormous brown bear, a message read: "Returning from hiatus with a bittersweet post. “This boy has been reunited with this lady, who loved him so dearly.  "Bam Bam was just a spectacular creature. He will be dearly missed by all those who loved him.” In the tender photos, Betty can be seen fearlessly leaning her head against Bam Bam's, who looked relaxed and happy. Betty's friend Georgia Angel, who died in 2019, can also be seen in another snap. Her followers were devastated by the news, with Kellcov writing: "What very sad news , Betty will be there to welcome him with open arms".  Ibetannerz added: "Awe RIP bam bam, I hope Betty takes good care of you up there". Abbywilsonart wrote: "bet she was so happy to see her big old cuddly friend". The Hot in Cleveland actress had first met Bam Bam when she was filming her documentary The First Lady of Television. In the documentary, she can be seen kissing the bear and even feeding him marshmallows. DON'T MISS...Mick Jagger's son comforted by mum as he sobs over dad's Covid battleEamonn Holmes breaks silence on hospital dash and thanks NHS 'angels'‘Had no alternative’ Trinny Woodall was once forced to sell her house Later, a cardboard cutout of the beautiful animal would join her collection - which also included Robert Redford. Earlier this year, to mark what would have been Betty's 100th birthday, her former PA posted photos of two cutouts, both wearing party hats. "Two of Betty's absolute favorites - Bam Bam and Bob," the caption read. "They were in our office and she greeted each upon arrival - 'hi fellas,' and blew them kisses when she'd leave - 'see ya next time.'" Betty died in her sleep on New Year's Eve 2021, having suffered a stroke on Christmas Day. She had said in 2012 that she did not fear death, telling New York Times columnist Frank Bruni: "My mother had a wonderful approach to death. "She always thought of it as — she said, 'We know we have managed to find out almost anything that exists, but nobody knows ... what happens at that moment when it's over.' " "And she said, 'It's the one secret that we don't know.' So whenever we would lose somebody very close and very dear, she would always say, 'Well, now he knows the secret.' And it took the curse off of it somehow."