This is the latest in a series of fires breaking out in Russia as Vladimir Putin continues his invasion of Ukraine. News aggregator account, @visegrad24, took to Twitter to publish a video showing the dark smoke billowing into the sky from the fire in a city northwest of the capital. They wrote alongside the video: “The Zagorsk Optical and Mechanical Plant in Sergiev Posad, Russia, went up in flames today.” This comes just days after Russian firefighters were called to the regional parliament in the Russian city of Tyumen, with images circulating online of pillars of thick black smoke rising from the building. Responders arrived around 8.30am local time on Saturday, June 4, to tackle the blaze in the Siberian city around 1,000 miles from Moscow. The fire covered around 16,000 square feet, taking around two hours for emergency services to put out. Around 70 responders were needed in the effort to extinguish the blaze, Russia’s emergency services ministry in the area said. The previous day, emergency services battled thick smoke at the Altyn Polimer facility in the Russian republic of Tatarstan. The building is reported to have housed rubber and plastics before going up in flames. A devastating blaze that injured two people broke out in Moscow on the same day. READ MORE: Ukrainian teen helps stop convoy approaching Kyiv with drone 'Hero' On June 3, the Grand Setun Plaza business centre in the west of the city was engulfed in flames that covered an area of more than 1,000 square metres. The Russian state news agency, TASS, said firefighters believe the fire was caused by a faulty lighting system on the outside of the building, which then short-circuited. Moscow’s mayor, Sergei Sobyanin, said “two of the victims sought medical help” during and after the fire was extinguished. He added: "Their lives are not in danger. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Putin health fears erupt as Russian leader cancels event [LIVE] Brexit POLL: Was leaving EU single market a mistake? [VOTE] Boris hit by fresh probe - Plotters ready to pounce in NEW vote [REPORT] “One of them was assisted on the spot.” Also on the long list of mysterious fires in Russia in recent months is that which struck a chemical plant in Berdsk, in the central Novosibirsk region. And in April, Russian authorities said they were launching an investigation into the cause of a large fire at an oil storage facility in Bryansk. The city is located less than 100 miles from the Russian border with Ukraine. Social media footage showed what appeared to be two explosions with flames stretching towards the sky. Videos circulating online also indicated a second fire in the city of 400,000 on the same evening. The fires have fuelled speculation that the blazes may have been acts of retaliation or sabotage from Kyiv, which Ukrainian authorities have never confirmed.