Romelu Lukaku has refused to be drawn into commenting on his Chelsea future as a potential return to Inter Milan appears to gather momentum. Belgium's all-time top goalscorer is facing a period of uncertainty as far as his club future is concerned after a nightmare return to west London following a club-record £97.5million transfer last summer. It all started so well for Lukaku, who netted on his return to the Premier League in a 2-1 win over Arsenal last August before striking twice in a 3-0 win over Aston Villa. But things would soon go downhill from there - despite several spells of promise - due to his failure to fully win over manager Thomas Tuchel. His season was plunged into jeopardy after a controversial interview with Sky Italia, in which Lukaku seemingly tried to patch things over with Inter Milan following a controversial departure. But now a sensational return to the San Siro, after less than one year back at Chelsea, is being discussed in the background by a commissioned lawyer. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has dream signing as 'six-man attacking shortlist' surfaces Lukaku is in Nations League action tonight with Belgium against the Netherlands and ahead of the game, he was asked for clarity on his future. He did not give much away though, responding: "I can't speak." It currently remains unclear whether Inter have the financial power to bring Lukaku back to Italy and there are also doubts as to whether he would be accepted by the club's ultras. Back in December, the 'Curva Nord' issued an empathetic response to Lukaku's apology to Inter's fans, which would suggest he isn't welcome back anytime soon. READ MOREChelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has dream signing as 'six-man attacking shortlist' surfacesPau Torres picks between Man Utd and Tottenham transfer as 'both clubs offer £45m'Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting In a picture posted online, they held up a banner that read: “It doesn’t matter who runs away in the rain, it matters who stays in the storm. Bye Romelu.” Outside of Inter, Barcelona and Bayern Munich have also been touted as potential destinations for the 29-year-old. Given how much Chelsea shelled out to bring him back to England, his transfer value is expected to complicate any swift departure. There has already been some suggestion that Inter are only exploring a 'dry loan' which doesn't involve any permanent transfer. Chelsea are expected to splash the cash once again this summer following the completion of their takeover. New forward options will be one of the priorities with the likes of Lewandowski, Christopher Nkunku and Raheem Sterling reportedly under consideration. Timo Werner, Christian Pulisic and Hakim Ziyech could also be moved on after underwhelming spells with the Blues. Meanwhile, Armando Broja is set to spend pre-season with Chelsea following an impressive loan at Southampton before the Blues decide whether to keep or sell the Albanian international amid strong Premier League interest.