The lengthy court battle concluded Depp was defamed when it wrapped up earlier this month following a highly-publicised trial. Days later, the BBC acknowledged in a statement that it had been hit with complaints that its coverage had been biased again the Pirates of the Caribbean actor. Johnny, 59, won the case against his former partner, actress Amber, on June 2. Last week, the BBC released a statement referring to complaints received. It read: "We’ve received complaints from audience members who feel our reporting on the verdict of the Johnny Depp defamation trial has been biased against him, or we haven’t provided sufficient context for the outcome. "We have provided detailed coverage of the trial, including the evidence brought forward and witness testimonies, throughout its duration. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Hope returns as he takes revenge on Samson "When the verdict was announced, we again provided a thorough analysis of the story, and we included a range of reactions to the verdict in our reporting. "Some of these voices included fans who were outside the courtroom, spokespeople from domestic violence charities, and the statements provided by Mr Depp and Amber Heard themselves. "Further to this, we have also explained the wider context of the previous court case in the UK, and the implications this trial could have for both Mr Depp and Ms Heard. "We appreciate that this has been a highly emotive issue, and there has been a significant audience interest in the outcome of this trial. "However we don’t consider we have taken a view on this story at any point, we have simply reported on the facts and the reactions to it." Depp was awarded $15million in compensation after the jury found Heard guilty of defaming him. It came the 36-year-old talked about her experience of domestic abuse in a 2018 article. Heard's lawyer has stated she is planning to file an appeal against the findings. DON'T MISS... Antiques Roadshow expert admits jewelled item ‘not exciting’ [VIDEO]'Arrogant, unpleasant, lack of self-awareness' Lorraine slams Andrew [LATEST]Eamonn Holmes shares worrying health update upon GB News return [LATEST] The BBC, as with numerous other news outlets, reported on the daily updates of the case. Speaking recently, Heard insisted she does not blame the jury as she believes they fell for the "acting skills" of Depp. Appearing on America’s Today TV show, she stated: "I’ll put it this way, how could they make a judgment, how could they not come to that conclusion. "They heard over three weeks of non-stop, relentless testimony. He’s a beloved character, and people feel they know him. "He’s a fantastic actor. Again, how could they, after listening to three-and-a-half weeks of testimony about how I was an un-credible person – and not to believe a word that came out of my mouth?" The Aquaman star went on to say she doesn't "care what one thinks about me or what judgments you want to make about what happened in the privacy of my own home, in my marriage, behind closed doors." She added: “I don’t presume the average person should know those things. I don’t take it personally. “But even somebody who is sure I’m deserving of all this hate and vitriol, even if you think that I’m lying, you still couldn’t look me in the eye and tell me that you think on social media there’s been a fair representation. You cannot tell me that you think that this has been fair."