Brian May will be out with his band Queen+Adam Lambert today for the BBC and Buckingham Palace's star-studded Platinum Party At The Palace. The two-and-a-half-hour entertainment bonanza will see performances from the likes of Sir Elton John and Sir Rod Stewart, as well as Duran Duran, Alicia Keys, Nile Rodgers and Andrea Bocelli, Bond composer Hans Zimmer, Ella Eyre, Craig David, Mabel, Elbow, and George Ezra. Queen has a long history with the Royal Family, having been asked to perform on special occasions in the past. In 2002, May played his very own version of God Save the Queen while standing on Buckingham Palace’s roof during a show marking the Golden Jubilee in 2002. Now, 20 years later, he and his band mates, as well as Lambert, will be able to pay their respects to Her Majesty as well as flaunt their timeless talent. While May clearly holds the Royal Family in high regard, in the past, he has had some sharp words for certain members. In 2014, he attacked Princes Harry and William for going on hunting trips just weeks after pledging to save Africa's critically endangered wildlife. The royals had recently returned from a hunting holiday on the estate of William's godfather, the Duke of Westminster, in Cordoba, Spain, where they shot wild boar and stags. Around the same time Harry had attracted criticism after a photo of him brandishing a gun and looming over the dead body of a water buffalo was released. Both Harry and William have been outspoken supporters of the global effort to stop poachers and illegal hunting, and to help protect diminishing wildlife around the world. But, speaking to The Sun — as reported by the Daily Mail — May said the news of their hunting trip "made me feel sick". JUST IN: Piers Morgan claims Meghan and Harry's royal reunion was 'frosty' He added: "This is right at the heart of the problem we are looking at in this Government. "It’s the whole attitude of the privileged classes – you can rescue rhinos and elephants in Africa but kill at will anything you want if you’re rich. "It’s not logical, justifiable or humane and is the same as people in the 19th century trying to justify slavery." In the same week, Harry and William had accompanied their father, Prince Charles, to the conference on the Illegal Wildlife Trade to discuss ways to save endangered life. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle put 'family first' during Trooping the Colour appearance [REPORT] Queen wanted Meghan and Harry 'front and centre' with own procession [INSIGHT] Queen's Corgis will be 'ousted' by Jack Russells as royal dog [ANALYSIS] It is worth noting that while Harry and William were known to hunt, there is no suggestion that they had ever shot an animal illegally or any endangered species. May's comments were made just days after William vowed to destroy all 12,000 ivory artefacts in Buckingham Palace to "send a message" to illegal elephant poachers. The priceless collection included a throne from India that belonged to Queen Victoria, as well as fans, tankards, statuettes and furniture. It is unclear, however, whether the move was ever followed through. The princes' hunting habits again came under the spotlight in 2020, after it was reported that Harry would give up participating in the royal pastime following his marriage to Meghan Markle. According to Tatler, he sold his prized handmade rifles worth £50,000 before moving to North America. William, however, continued in the family's hunting tradition, and was criticised in the same year after he took Prince George, then 7, along with him to shoot grouse at Balmoral. Meanwhile, May will unlikely have any unsavoury words for the royals as he pays his respects to the long-serving monarch this evening. Speaking ahead of the concert, in reference to his guitar solo on the Palace roof in 2002, he said: "Twenty years after playing the Queen’s glorious Golden Jubilee we’re very happy to be invited again. “Then there was a moment when I wondered.. after Buckingham Palace roof where can you go? Well... you will see.” Other stars will also be present at the Platinum Party, including Sir David Attenborough, Emma Raducanu, David Beckham, Stephen Fry, Dame Julie Andrews, The Royal Ballet and Paralympian swimmer Ellie Simmonds. Some 22,000 people are expected to turn out for the show, including 10,000 tickets allocated in a public ballot and 7,500 given to key workers, members of the Armed Forces, volunteers and charities. Coverage of the Platinum Party At The Palace will begin on BBC One from 7:30pm