Barcelona reportedly have ‘total agreements’ with Robert Lewandowski and four other players as they look to add to their squad in this summer’s transfer window. The Catalan giants recently received a £555million boost. And that’s set to go towards new additions as Joan Laporta looks to deliver for Xavi following a turbulent campaign last time out. Barcelona scraped second spot in La Liga last term, despite losing Lionel Messi to Paris Saint-Germain on a free transfer. And, now they’ve received a cash injection worth £555m, they’re ready to back Xavi as they look to dethrone Real Madrid as champions of Spain. It’s been known for some time now that they want to land Lewandowski, with the Poland international ready to leave Bayern Munich behind for a new challenge. And Sport say they have a ‘total agreement’ with the Poland international, who has even gone public with his desire to quit the Allianz Arena. Lewandowski isn’t the only player Barcelona have an agreement with, however. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz It’s common knowledge that Franck Kessie and Andreas Christensen are primed to join from AC Milan and Chelsea respectively. And the publication says they’ve also shook hands on a move to the Nou Camp for Blues duo Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso. Behind the scenes, Barcelona chiefs have been working hard to make sure they’re in a position to sign new players. They’re negotiating pay cuts with current players, even though their financial situation is looking rosier. And it’s stated that Barcelona are ready to launch their ‘final offensives’ next week when it comes to getting deals for the quiet over the line. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Kessie and Christensen could be announced ‘in the coming days’ with the duo currently free agents. It’s uncertain what their contracts will be like, however, with the publication suggesting they’ll be either three or four-year deals. Their priority is said to be Lewandowski, who has agreed a two-year contract with an option of a third. They’ve also assured the Poland international that, no matter what, they’re keen on snapping him up this summer. With regards to Alonso and Azpilicueta, the full-backs have apparently been ‘signed for weeks’. Chelsea are supposedly putting up ‘a lot of problems’, though, with the Blues hoping both players will stay. Barcelona will apparently make some sales to ensure the duo can be signed, with Xavi in ‘permanent contact’ with the pair. And Barcelona are primed to pursue a midfielder, too, in the event that Frenkie de Jong moves to Manchester United. Meanwhile, though the Catalan giants are pushing to recruit Lewandowski, Shaun Wright-Phillips thinks Chelsea should go for the former Borussia Dortmund star. "Robert Lewandowski would be the perfect replacement for Romelu Lukaku if Lukaku does leave,” he said. "No matter what team he plays in, he always scores goals. “Chelsea would just have to make sure they play to his strengths in order to make it work." On Romelu Lukaku, he added: "I personally don't think he should go, he should stay there and fight and show the fans what he is actually capable of. "But if Romelu Lukaku wants to go then he should. “It's not fair otherwise because you don't want an unhappy player at the club because that will unsettle the rest of the dressing room."