Raheem Sterling has been warned that he would struggle for regular game-time if he joined Arsenal from Manchester City. The winger appears set to move on from the Etihad Stadium, with the Gunners one of his leading suitors. The main reason for his likely departure is a search for more playing time, having started 23 of City's matches in the Premier League last season. His contract with the reigning champions expires next summer and City's many options in attack mean this window will be the best time to bring in a high fee for him. But Shaun Wright-Phillips, who starred for City across two spells and won the Premier League with Chelsea, has cautioned Sterling against a move to Arsenal. The former winger believes that he would struggle to break past the likes of Bukayo Saka and into Mikel Arteta's plans. "Raheem Sterling is still happy at Man City and the club still wants him. I want him to stay, but at the same time, all footballers want to play games and at the top clubs there is so much competition and rotation. It's down to Raheem," Wright-Phillips told Genting Casino. READ MORE: Arsenal 'moving with intensity' for Raphinha in 'recent days' "His heart seems to be at Man City, it just depends where his mind is. Even if he went to a club like Arsenal, he wouldn't play every game because they have players like Emile Smith-Rowe and Bukayo Saka. "All the top clubs are going to have at least two good players in each position. He would play more at Arsenal and the more important games but he would still be rotated. I don't see the point in Raheem Sterling or Romelu Lukaku leaving their clubs, but I do understand why they might want to." DON'T MISS: Arsenal fail to heed Arteta "urgent" warning as contract saga goes on (CONTRACTS)Arsenal on course to complete transfer after Tottenham agree Bissouma (NEWS)Arsenal boss Arteta tipped to be first Premier League manager sacked (INSIGHT) Saka has been one of Mikel Arteta's most important players since he replaced Unai Emery as Arsenal boss. The England international made 43 appearances in all competitions last term, scoring 12 goals and notching seven assists. Even so, the Gunners remain keen on boosting their attacking options, with Sterling a leading target. City are believed to be open to selling him for a fee in the region of £50million, though Arsenal may be prioritising other targets.