Opening PMQs, Labour Leader Sir Keir Starmer responded to the noises as the Prime Minister entered the chamber, saying: "I couldn't make out whether that introductory noise was cheers or boos. The trouble is I don't know whether it is directed at me or him." "Booze in Durham," a Conservative MP called back. The Speaker interjected: "Can I just say to both of you, you need to calm down. "You can have a nice cup of tea if you wish." Sir Keir asked: "Why did his Culture Secretary - I think she is hiding along the bench - say that successive Conservative governments left our health service wanting and inadequate when the pandemic hit?" READ MORE: Sturgeon's independence dream in tatters as SNP need transfer of power Boris Johnson replied: "Everybody knows that when the pandemic hit it was an entirely novel virus for which the whole world was unprepared. Nobody at that stage, nobody knew how to test for it, nobody knew what the right quarantine rules should be. "But as it happened, the UK Government and our amazing NHS not only approved the first vaccine anywhere in the world, we were the first to get it into anybody's arms and we had the fastest rollout anywhere in Europe." Sir Keir Starmer responded that the Prime Minister had "just agreed with the Culture Secretary", and went on to say that a growing number of people were "unhappy" with GP services. He asked: "Despite the hard work of doctors, people cannot see a GP in person, they are unhappier than ever with GP services. If GP provision was 'wanting and inadequate' before the pandemic, what is it now?"  Mr Johnson replied that the Labour leader was "simply wrong". He added: "He is wrong about what we are doing and of course, we have got to clear the Covid backlogs, and everybody understands the pressure that the NHS is under, but they are responding magnificently." Sir Lindsay was forced to interrupt again: "Once again, I think the two of you need to calm down. "We don't want to see an empty frontbench." DON'T MISS Boris ridicules Ian SNP's Blackford as attack backfires [VIDEO]Boris Johnson’s biggest threats [ANALYSIS]BBC sparks furious clash over PM's no-confidence vote coverage [INSIGHT] It comes as Mr Johnson promised new measures to boost home ownership and defended his record in office as he faced MPs for the first time since being wounded by a revolt by Tories against his leadership. The Prime Minister insisted he was getting on with the job despite 148 of his own MPs saying they had no confidence in him. Mr Johnson said the Government would be "expanding home ownership for millions of people" and "cutting the costs of business". The Prime Minister is expected to use a major speech this week to set out housing plans, with speculation that the Right to Buy could be extended for housing association residents and a wave of modular or "flatpack" homes could also be built.