  Carol Vorderman, 61, joined her friend Gyles Brandreth, 74, for her very first episode of Celebrity Gogglebox. While the former Countdown star seemed to be getting into the telly watching session, she was careful to deflect Gyles’ questions about her antics in the bedroom.      Celebrity Gogglebox had a number of highlights tonight, including the celebs’ reaction to a particularly dramatic Love Island episode, as well as to erotic romance film Fifty Shades of Grey. Things were heating up in the film when the character Christian Grey (Jamie Dornan) told protagonist Anastasia Steele (Dakota Johnson) that he was “a dominant”. A “dominant” in this case refers to the idea of being more dominant than submissive during sexual intercourse. Turning to Carol, a bemused Gyles asked what the Pride of Britain presenter’s preferences were in the bedroom.      “My wife wouldn’t allow me to watch this,” Gyles told Carol, making her laugh as the film began. “I’m a dominant,” Christian could be heard telling Anastasia during the film. “A dominant,” Gyles reflected. “Are you a dominant, Carol? “I’ve never asked this before. Are you a dominant?"      As Carol caught the giggles, he continued: “I’ve known you for 40 years, I’ve never asked you. “Are you a dominant?” he asked again. Carol, quick on her feet as ever, then replied: “It’s an eight letter word?” Chuckling, Gyles conceded his question, telling her: “Very good.”      Gyles has generally been paired up with Dame Joanna Lumley for this season of Celebrity Gogglebox. The former politician served as a Conservative MP in the 1990s under John Major, and since leaving office has appeared on several panel shows, appearing on Coundown’s dictionary corner more than 300 times. Carol is best known for presenting Countdown between 1982 and 2008, while Dame Joanna is most recognisable for her role as Patsy Stone in the sitcom Absolutely Fabulous. Gogglebox first aired in 2013 and, nine years later, it has now completed its nineteenth season.     Its spin-off show Celebrity Gogglebox started up in 2019 and is now on its fourth series. The line-up this year includes Rylan Clark and his mum Linda, Martin and Roman Kemp and Shaun Ryder and Bez from The Happy Mondays. Celebrity Gogglebox airs Fridays at 9pm on Channel 4.  