The Met Office has put the warning in place for tomorrow, June 28, from 2am until 6pm, meaning residents may be in for a day of chaos. The forecaster says downpours will be "heavy and persistent" and will be accompanied by strong southerly winds which will affect the south west of Scotland. It will clear to the east by the evening. It is predicted that up to 30mm of rain will fall, but on western high grounds around Galloway Hills, this will far increase to up to 60mm.   People are urged to be on guard as there is a chance of flooding to a "few homes and businesses", and bus and train services will liklely be affected with journey times taking longer than usual. Drivers should beware of spray and surface water on the roads. The regions covered by the 16 hour weather warning are Dumfries and Galloway on the Lothian Borders and South and East Ayrshire in Strathclyde. According to forecasts, a band of heavy rain will continue to come in from the west throughout today and tomorrow - with strong winds making for worse conditons in the early hours.   The weather warning comes just hours after an amber flood alert was put in place by The Scottish Environment Protection Agency. It told people to prepare for possible flooding covering Dumfries and Galloway and the Scottish Border areas. The Scottish Environment Protection Agency said: "There is a risk of localised flooding impacts from surface water and smaller rivers. Impacts may include flooding to low-lying land and roads and disruption to travel. "Remain vigilant and remember, it is your responsibility to take actions which help protect yourself and your property." READ MORE: Maps show exact dates UK will BAKE in 30C heat  People have also been told to secure their homes before the torrential rain. This includes moving ladders that may topple over, and moving furniture from underneath poorly constructed chimney stacks that may be liable to fall. Residents are also urged to avoid exposed driving routes and even put off their journey if this is possible. When tomorrow's warning lapses at 6pm, the forecast looks set to improve slightly for these areas. DON'T MISSMacron facing hell as energy companies issue a dire warning  [REVEAL] Russia's plans are now 'doomed' as Putin 'awakens sleeping giant' [INSIGHT] Brexit revenge! EU punishes British scientists who refused to quit ...[REPORT] Despite the strong winds and excess rainfall easing off, much of the areas under the warning will still be in for more showers as the week continues. Temperatures will climb to 17C and light rain is forecast to last until at least Sunday, July 3. There will be intermittent sunshine and the Met Office has not issued any further warnings over the course of the week. In fact much of the UK will experience cooler temperatures this week before another hot spell starting in July. 