Real Madrid star Marco Asensio has been urged to snub a move to Liverpool and instead spark a bidding war between Tottenham and Arsenal. Asensio has entered the final year of his contract in the Spanish capital, but looks unlikely to extend his stay at the Bernabeu. Liverpool have been linked with a move for the Spaniard as Jurgen Klopp bids to overhaul his attacking options. But Arsenal are also thought to be in the race to sign the 26-year-old, with Gunners boss Mikel Arteta also keen to bring in extra options going forward. Despite the interest from Liverpool, who would appear to be better placed to challenge for silverware, Asensio has been told to make two other Premier League teams his primary destinations. Former Los Blancos and Liverpool star Steve McManaman believes he would be best suited to Arsenal or Tottenham. "I believe Arsenal or Tottenham would be a good next move for Marcos Asensio. I think he would suit the Premier League. He’s a good player. He definitely needs to play more. That goes without saying," McManaman told HorseRacing.net. READ MORE: Man Utd and Chelsea 'prepare swoop' for Liverpool transfer mastermind  "The way he plays, I think Tottenham or Arsenal would suit him. I think the better a team he goes for, would help Asensio. I think he’s more suited to a well-rounded team. Tottenham and Arsenal; teams that are around the top of the league and play that style of football." While he does look set to leave La Liga, McManaman is confident that Asensio would make a good signing for any interested suitor. The former England international insisted that his struggles with holding down a regular starting spot should not be a concern. DON'T MISS: Jurgen Klopp in three-word message to Sadio Mane as he breaks silence (NEWS)Mane 'will come back' to Liverpool as winger gives exit interview (INSIGHT)Bayern Munich thought of Sadio Mane transfer in chief's garden (TRANSFERS) "He’s an excellent player, he’s just not hit the heights at Madrid as he did when he burst into the team. He probably hasn’t progressed enough for them. So he hasn’t really nailed down a starting position for himself," McManaman added. "It’ll be interesting to see what he does. Real Madrid are sometimes happy to let players run down their contracts and leave on a free. They may just say 'stay until the end of the season, then you can go'. It will be surprising if they let him go now without bringing somebody in, it really would."