Anthony Joshua has been urged to risk being 'knocked out' whe he tries to regain his world heavyweight belts in his rematch with Oleksandr Usyk. Last September, 'AJ' was outclassed by the Ukrainian in a bout which went the full 12 rounds, and after losing a unanimous points decision, was accused by many pundits of becoming 'gun shy'. The British fighter responded by immediately triggering his rematch clause, but plans for a second clash were put on hold when Usyk took arms in his native country amid the Russian invasion. He then received special permission to leave the conflict in order to train for the defence of his WBA, IBF, WBO, and IBO titles. Having been provisionally scheduled for July, that fight is now set to take place in Saudi Arabia on Saturday, August 20. And it's one that Joshua, 32, can ill-afford to lose if he is to fulfil his ambition of unifying the heavyweight division. During his preparation, the Watford man has been trialling a number of different trainers, and gyms, in a bid to make ammends. But now fellow British heavyweight Derek Chisora has told him that the key is to be prerpared to be knocked on the canvas, or otherwise be left with deep regrets. JUST IN: Floyd Mayweather 'working on' buying an NBA team as boxing legend plots major investment "Let me tell you something, if AJ gets knocked out it's good for him," Chisora told IFL TV. 'If he loses on points, it's bad for him. If he loses on points, he's going to kick himself for the next 20 years. If he gets knocked out, he gets knocked out. You can't do anything if you get knocked out in the fifth round." 'Del Boy' used an example of one of his own fights, when he was knocked out by Dillian Whyte in 2018, as a prime example: "When I get knocked out in my last fight by Dillian I didn't complain. Did you hear me complain? No." he added. DON'T MISS:Tyson Fury promises to give Piers Morgan £1million if he fights Anthony JoshuaJake Paul blasted 'too frightened' by John Fury as he names Tyson Fury's successorHughie Fury vs Michael Hunter cancelled as Fury falls ill weeks before showdown It's not just in the ring where Joshua has been working on new things though. He recently announced a new multi-million pound deal with broadcaster DAZN, who will now have the rights to all his future fights in the UK. "I am entering a new phase in my career with a new training environment, new coaches and now a new broadcaster," he said. "Negotiations at this level take time so I am pleased to have it all wrapped up and now I can fully focus on giving the fans and DAZN what they want, knockouts in the glamour division."