The Bridge was first introduced in 2020 as the latest Channel 4 challenging reality show. Contestants had the chance to get their hands on a whopping cash prize if they could build a bridge to an island 250m away. With The Bridge making a comeback, the show's creators have made the mission a lot more difficult for its next lot of contestants.  The first season of The Bridge saw 12 strangers put together to build a bridge in order to reach a neighbouring island. If they were successful in their mission, the contestants were awarded £100,000 but this time, the Channel 4 show has upped the stakes. Season two will see 16 contestants working hard to stand a chance at winning the jackpot which has been doubled to £200,000. There is going to be an added sense of competition as the 16 individuals will be split into two teams competing for the grand prize. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Chas Dingle in heartbreaking baby adoption twist  The first season of The Bridge was filmed in North Wales but season two will have a completely different vibe. This year's contestants have instead been shipped off to the islands of Ha Long Bay in Vietnam for the almighty challenge. These two teams will be tasked with building a bridge over 1,000ft of water, straddling two islands, in just 12 days. Channel 4 has teased that the change of scenery is going to add to the drama of the reality show. The broadcaster has stated that season two will be "harder, hotter and tougher" than the first series. With temperatures reaching up to around 31C at its peak, the contestants are bound to be knackered from their physically enduring task. Nevertheless, if they want to get their hands on that prize then they are going to have to do whatever they can to overcome the elements. For series two, there will also be a couple of new faces overseeing the proceedings. DON'T MISS...Rod Stewart 'disappointed' by Harry and Meghan's treatment of Queen [ROYAL]Toto Wolff has bad news for Lewis Hamilton after Brit's public demands [EXPLAINER]Ex-Love Islander Georgia Steel reveals how she stays in shape [CAST]  There wasn't a physical presenter in the first series of The Bridge but it was narrated by X-Men star James McAvoy. Now, TV presenter and former Strictly star AJ Odudu and adventurer Aldo Kane are going to be on the sidelines commentating on what the contestants get up to. AJ has hosted Big Brother's Bit on the Side, Married at First Sight: Afters and was featured on this year's Eurovision Song Contest, reding out the jury points from the UK. Meanwhile, Aldo has been on BBC Two's Expedition Volcano, First Man Out and Extreme Mountain Challenge.   In a statement, AJ said: "The opportunity to front The Bridge has happened almost serendipitously. "From the Strictly Ballroom, I have taken off onto my next, new adventure. Literally. "It's so exciting to front a show that promises to push the envelope and I know The Bridge is going to be bold, full of excitement and filled with plenty of drama. Bring it on." The Bridge season 2 premieres on Tuesday, June 7, at 10pm on Channel 4. 