This moment in time may not be as immediate or dramatic as that of our forebears facing invasion, but it is subtly as dangerous and important, for at this juncture it will be determined whether we plot a course for continued independence, prosperity and new greatness, or whether we slip back into being a client state of the new Roman Empire and are dragged down, as this bureaucratic monstrosity sinks into decline. I am of course talking about the EU. There are plenty of people woven into the vested interests of a self-serving establishment in the UK who would have it thus. We have witnessed a feeding frenzy amongst the anti British, pro EU media, in particular the BBC and Sky. The usual suspects in Parliament: the left liberals in the opposition parties and amongst the Conservative party, have re-emerged sensing the weakness of the Prime Minister and calling for a rejoining of the protectionist Single Market so as “to relieve the cost of living crisis”. Political Pygmies, the mice nibble at the feet of Brexit Britain. This would be laughable if it were not so dangerous. The Single Market, through its technical barriers to trade (euphemistically called “standards”), would prevent Britain from establishing better trade deals around the world. It would prevent the freeing up of business through deregulation, instead we would have to accept laws made by the EU, without question - laws designed not for Britain but to suit, at best, the lowest common denominator or, at worst, the vested interests of other member states. And once again, a foreign court would hold sway in our land as the European Court of Justice would have the final say regarding Single Market matters, including issues of tax, government support and production. What madness would lead us to accept this? What self-interest or conceits would lead politicians to promote it? The plotters no doubt see it as a first step towards rejoining the EU proper, which would of course require us to adopt the euro and be subject to the German led, pyramid scheme scam that is the EU’s bankrupt, banking system. Boris did wrong, in particular in consenting to our being forced to accept a mass house arrest, otherwise known as lockdown, when he clearly did not believe in it. He has been punished. But it is remarkable how avid have been his pursuers in the media. Yes he had cake, but he did preside over the management of a very difficult period and saw the development of one of the first vaccines in the world, which undoubtedly saved thousands of lives. If there is a political crime it is the failure, so far, of the Johnson Government to pursue a Conservative agenda, to follow the manifesto and to fully deliver the promise of Brexit. Some say that the Prime Minster was never really a Brexiteer, but in fact a political opportunist. Perhaps not even a Conservative, but a liberal. This latter was of course the accusation levelled at Churchill. It is now time for Mr Johnson to prove his critics wrong. If he does not Britain faces a grave danger not just to its independence, but to our prosperity. In fairness, having himself almost died of Covid, he has been distracted by the Pandemic so comprehensively that it has been difficult to pursue any other agenda. Oddly he did find time to turn the screws on a green crusade which has been instrumental in worsening the cost of living crisis and energy insecurity. There is no longer any excuse for his seeming ignorance of the economy and the importance of business to this. Brexit provides the possibility of a complete overhaul of our economic policies leading to growth and prosperity for all. But time is running out. Forget the so called “climate emergency” we have a real and present danger an “economic emergency” . If the Prime Minister is to survive and, more importantly, an independent and prosperous Britain is to be curated, the Government must immediately pursue a Conservative agenda for growth. There must be an urgent re balancing of the private and public sector. The overweening and costly Whitehall, must be cut back in favour of the productive and wealth creating business community. There must be immediate tax reform and tax cuts. Corporation Tax should reduced to the lowest possible rate, in steps over the next few years. Income tax must be cut. VAT should reduced as part of a cost of living plan. External tariffs on goods we do not produce should be cut unilaterally. Funding of the NHS should be plainly stated as a National Health Insurance so that we can assess the value for money of the institution and how much we want to spend on it. Deregulation should be an immediate and ambitious programme for the Government to free up growth and enable business people to focus on what they are trying to achieve. Planning reform, which seems to be the bane of many lives is urgently required and there should be a focus on house building and road infrastructure development, the latter especially in the regions.   The Government must make sure our entrepreneurs have access to start up and growth finance and that strategic businesses are protected from foreign takeover. There must be protections for people from politically motivated Union barons holding the country to ransom. There can be no return to the 1970’s. Extra defence spending will boost manufacturing and the regions and protect our country from threats. At the same time there must be a reality check on net zero, with a focus on energy security on our journey. We must use our natural resources of gas and develop nuclear. It is a massive agenda which the PM needs to wake up to and supercharge. The Treasury must be brought into line and if the Chancellor is unable or unwilling he should be sacked and replaced with someone who can. There is no time to lose in this dangerous moment. Looking at the opposition in Parliament, it is only the Conservative government which can deliver. If they do not it will be the greatest missed opportunity in modern history and likely a disaster, plus reversal of our fortunes. 