Liverpool had to find a late solution to save their pursuit of Benfica striker Darwin Nunez as a club-record £85million deal grows closer. Nunez is due to fly into England to conduct a medical on Monday. The Reds have moved quickly to wrap up Jurgen Klopp's second high-profile attacking signing of 2022 and are set to confirm Nunez's arrival next week. With Sadio Mane expected to join Bayern Munich this summer, Klopp identified the 22-year-old as his preferred replacement. And Liverpool were as efficient as ever in the transfer market to agree an £85m deal with Benfica in the opening days of the summer window. However, Relevo claim they had to unlock a clause to meet the Portuguese giants' demands after 'fearing' for the transfer as recently as Friday. Liverpool hesitated to raise their offer from an initial £64m as Benfica asked for £68m, on top of £17m in add-ons. But the Reds have now added a £4m bonus to be paid after the Uruguay international plays just 10 games, meeting his £85m asking price. He is expected to undergo a medical on Monday per The Athletic and will sign a six-year contract to complete one of the biggest deals of the summer imminent. JUST IN: Arsenal learn price for 'Martin Odegaard alternative' against Spurs In total the deal will comprise of £64.1m upfront with a further £21.4m in bonus payments. The structure of the deal had been the only thing preventing an agreement from being struck earlier but Nunez is now poised to become a Liverpool player in the next few days. It has been claimed Klopp and Virgil van Dijk both played significant roles in convincing Nunez to snub interest from elsewhere. He is said to consider the former 'the best coach in the world' and appreciated the Dutch centre-back naming him one of the most difficult strikers he's ever faced recently too. Nunez impressed during Benfica's Champions League quarter-final tie against Liverpool, scoring in both legs. And his performances garnered high praise from Klopp, who touted a 'big career ahead' - one that will now continue at Anfield. READ MORE: Neville warns Man Utd they need three signings if Ronaldo leaves He said: "Extremely good-looking boy, eh? And a decent player as well! Really good, really good, you have to say. Physically strong, quick, plus calm around his finish. When he finished the goal off, he was really calm. Good, really, really good. How we say in these situations, if he stays healthy, it's a big career ahead of him." Nunez's Liverpool arrival could alter how Klopp's side operates, with the German coach largely building his era around false-nine types in the form of Roberto Firmino and Diogo Jota. But under his guidance, like many of his other signings, the young goalscorer has little chance of failing. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here