The Duke and Duchess of Sussex journeyed to London for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations earlier this month, bringing with them their two children, Archie and Lilibet. But they kept a low profile across the weekend and quickly made their way back across the pond as the celebrations wrapped up. Royal Family branding expert, Professor Cele Otnes, said there were two elements that could determine when the Duke and Duchess return to Harry’s home turf. The first factor will be “whether their ventures pan out in America”, but the second will be which significant Royal Family events crop up. And there are some huge events that they would almost certainly attend, including the Queen's funeral. Professor Otnes told Express.co.uk that she “can’t imagine they would miss the coronation [of Prince Charles] - any funerals or coronations”. She added: “If they do, they are saying, ‘Not only do we not really want to be in the Royal Family, we don’t even really want to be in the family’. “And those are two different issues.” But she made the caveat that any significant return on the part of the Duke and Duchess will “depend greatly on the relationship between Prince Charles and Prince Harry”. She continued that Meghan and Harry showed they are unwilling to be part of the official Royal Family during their recent return for the Platinum Jubilee, but that did not necessarily mean an estrangement. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's scene-stealing entrance at Royal Ascot She explained: “They understood they were going to show up as family members, and not Royal Family members.” Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan, 40, said ahead of their return that they were "excited and honoured" to make the journey back for the historic celebrations. But they only undertook one official engagement throughout the weekend, appearing at the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on June 3. There have been reports that the Duke and Duchess met with Prince Charles with hopes of "rapprochement", which quickly became "perfunctory". DON'T MISS: Prince Harry mocked by Montecito author after trip to UK with Meghan [REACTION] Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew have his royal status reinstated? [VOTE] Royal Family LIVE: 'Kick in teeth' Meghan 'ready' to turn back on UK [LIVE] Royal commentator Christopher Anderson told the Royally US podcast: "Well, I understand that it was a perfunctory meeting and that there was no real breakthrough. “And I have a feeling that Prince Harry definitely went there hoping for some sort of rapprochement but there were no touchy-feely vibes coming back in his direction. “So, I think the curtain has come down. "And one of the things I think is so sad about this is Diana, were she alive today, would be heartbroken by this. “She would have understood why Harry would have wanted to make his own life and wanted to go to California." It is thought that the trip was the first opportunity for Prince Charles to meet his granddaughter, Lilibet, who turned one over the Jubilee weekend. A source told the Mirror back in January: "The Prince of Wales has been saddened that he hasn’t had the opportunity to spend time with his grandchildren, which he really does miss." They added: "He is a fantastic grandfather and loves playing the role immensely and it’s certainly fair to say he feels there is something missing from his life without the ability to get to know Harry’s children.