Arts and crafts retail chain Hobbycraft said its pre-tax profit for 2022 was £15million, around £1.2million growth from last year's results. It has now revealed new stores will soon be opened across the UK. Where will they be located? Hobbycraft said its expansion includes the opening of three brand new stores. The retail giant will build three new sites in Merseyside, Bedfordshire and Essex. In Merseyside, the store will be located in Bromborough, the second one will be built in Biggleswade, Bedfordshire; and the third one in Southend, Essex. The new opening will create approximately 40 new retail jobs. READ MORE: Queen’s go-to takeaway she enjoys when in Balmoral  Chief executive Hobbycraft, Dominic Jordan, explained the company is “incredibly well placed”. However, he said the next 2023 financial year could be “challenging”. He explained: “As we emerge from the pandemic the business is incredibly well placed to build on the excellent performance in full-year 2022." This includes "multiple new initiatives including the new website, workshop channel, further new stores and a subscription model which launches in the coming year," he said.  “However, we are conscious that the year ahead will be very challenging. "Particularly given the significant inflationary pressures on our customers." The chief executive also said they "are starting to see this impact on market demand in the early part of full-year 2023”. Mr Jordan explained Hobbycraft faced major issues during the pandemic, including its closure for seven weeks in 2021 as it was not considered an essential retailer. READ MORE: Prince William: Royal on dwindling eyesight The company then focused on online sales, where it saw a growth of 58.2 percent. The retailer also offers customers a benefits scheme: Hobbycraft Club. The scheme also saw major growth and it currently has over 5.9 million members. In 2021, Hobbycraft opened seven new stores including sites in Leicester, Rochester and Boucher Crescent in Northern Ireland. The openings last year created a total of 100 new jobs. Hobbycraft is often the first option for shoppers looking for party decorations, baking accessories, art, knit and stitch or papercraft. The company currently has over 100 stores in the UK. All products are also available to shop online.