Elon Musk's transgender daughter has filed a request with the Los Angeles County Superior Court to change her name to reflect her new gender identity. The teenager was previously known as Xavier Alexander Musk. Born in 2004 along with twin sibling Griffin, she has stated: "I no longer live with or wish to be related to my biological father in any way, shape or form." The petition is for both a name change and a new birth certificate reflecting her new gender identity. Formerly Xavier, who recently turned 18, the age of consent in California, has asked the court to change her gender recognition from male to female and to register her new name, according to court documents available online through PlainSite.org. The petition - signed April 18 - sees the teenager's call to legally become Vivian Jenna Wilson - adopting her mother's surname, according to a TMZ report. READ MORE: Michael J Fox, 61, in rare pics as wife pays gushing tribute to actor Elon, who is the owner of Tesla, has seven children and shares two with his first wife, Canadian author Justine Wilson. The pair were married between 2000 and 2008. The Tesla chief has previously commented on transgender issues. Speaking on Twitter in 2020, the 50-year-old said: "I absolutely support trans, but all these pronouns are an esthetic (sic) nightmare."   In the same year, Elon had said in another tweet that “pronouns suck”. A hearing on the name change petition is set to begin on Friday, said the report. A further explanation of the rift between Elon and his daughter has not emerged yet. Express.co.uk has contacted Elon Musk's representatives for comment. DON'T MISS... 'Never understood people obsessed with money', says Beatles' star's ex[LATEST]Mariah Carey flashes legs in mini dress as she steps out with beau, 39[PICTURES]Kate Beckinsale flaunts abs as she dons skirt dedicated to June Brown[INSTAGRAM] A month after the petition was filed in court, the Tesla and Space X chief, declared his support for the Republican Party, which has endorsed a host of legislation that attempt to limit the rights of the transgender community in several US states. The CEO, who has made a $44 billion bid to takeover Twitter, has since questioned if social media platform TikTok is "destroying civilisation". "Is TikTok destroying civilization? Some people think so," he tweeted last week in reference to the hugely-popular video-sharing app. "Or perhaps social media in general." Elon has said that he's still interested in taking over Twitter even after he pumped the brakes on the deal over questions about the number of fake accounts on the platform. He admitted that he's offended by some TikTok videos, but that won't lead to more censorship on Twitter. The billionaire tech businessman told Twitter employees at an all-hands meeting on June 16 that he recognizes TikTok's appeal. "TikTok does a great job of making sure you're not bored," he told workers, according to a recording of the meeting heard by Insider.