 Twenty years after he famously played on the roof of Buckingham Palace for Queen Elizabeth II’s Golden Jubilee, Brian May and his Queen bandmates will again honour her at the Platinum Jubilee concert today. Queen+Adam Lambert will open the BBC’s Platinum Party at the Palace with a special performance marking the monarch’s 70-year reign. Lead guitarist May — who co-founded the band with Freddie Mercury — stole the show with his unexpected rooftop appearance for the Golden Jubilee concert in June 2002. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 **  He provided one of the lasting images of the Queen’s Jubilee when he played his version of the national anthem from the roof of Buckingham Palace. But May wasn’t sure if Her Majesty enjoyed her performance, claiming he went away thinking the monarch “wasn’t impressed”. Last year, the musician appeared on The One Show where he spoke with hosts Alex Jones and Rylan Clark-Neal. He explained: “[We performed] on Her Majesty’s roof. I don’t know if she was that impressed at the time.  Despite feeling slightly snubbed by the Queen, May still had total admiration for the monarch and said the moment was “life-changing”. He continued: “It still gives me chills, that little rush because the adrenaline was insane and I thought to myself: ‘I am never going to be afraid of anything again’.” Ahead of the Platinum Jubilee, the guitarist again looked back on his memorable performance, and speaking to Classic Rock this week, he said: “I could see the crowds out along The Mall, and I could also see down into the Palace itself and the party going on. "But other than that you can just see lots and lots of chimney pots. But the feeling of being up there was of pure terror.”  He joked: "Not because of the height, but because the possibility of making a fool of myself was so enormous. “People say: “Were you scared of falling off?” No, I was scared of being the guy who f***** it up on top of Buckingham Palace with a billion people watching. "It was totally live and totally dangerous!" Tonight’s Party at the Palace will feature appearances from Alicia Keys, Nile Rodgers and Andrea Bocelli.  Duran Duran, Stefflon Don and Craig David are among the stars performing at the Platinum Party at the Palace – a concert at Buckingham Palace for 22,000 people, including royals and 5,000 key workers. Sam Ryder, who came second at the Eurovision contest in Italy last month, the UK’s best result in 24 years, will also perform live. And Sir Elton John, a long-time friend of the Royal Family, will appear in a pre-recorded performance. The closing act will be soul legend Diana Ross, who has not performed in the UK for 15 years, who said of the chance to perform: “I have had the honour of meeting the Queen many times throughout my life, including when I was with my family.  “Her Majesty has and continues to be such an incredible inspiration to so many across the world and I was absolutely delighted to receive an invitation to perform on such a momentous and historic occasion.” The evening will highlight global themes that have emerged or evolved during the Queen’s 70-year reign, including British and Commonwealth contributions in the fields of the environment, fashion, musicals, pop music and sport. The latter section will be curated by Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber and feature a special appearance by the ‘Hamilton’ creator Lin-Manuel Miranda plus performances featuring the casts of ‘The Phantom Of The Opera’, ‘Hamilton’, ‘Six’, ‘The Lion King’ and ‘Joseph and the Amazing Technicolour Dreamcoat’. The concert will be broadcast live on BBC One, with presenters Kirsty Young and Roman Kemp hosting the coverage.  Charlotte Moore, the BBC’s chief content officer, said: “We are thrilled to be bringing the nation together for this incredible, once-in-a-lifetime event, broadcast live across the BBC with an amazing star-studded line-up of performers, to celebrate the Queen’s momentous 70 years on the throne.” Watch ‘Platinum Party at the Palace’ on BBC One or BBC iPlayer at 8pm on Saturday.