Adele Roberts, 43, has provided updates on her health since announcing that she had been diagnosed with bowel cancer on social media in October last year. The latest update saw Adele reveal that she is now cancer-free, with her telling fans in the post on Instagram that the good news from her doctor had taken her breath away. She wrote alongside two photos: "The day I've been waiting for. Hearing the words 'you're free of cancer' absolutely took my breath away. I keep replaying it in my mind. "It was the most beautiful sound I think I've ever heard. Even though I was praying Dr Khan would say that to me I don't think my head let me believe it until I heard it," she added. Adele said: "Everything we've been through seems to be swirling around in my body and life feels a bit surreal at the moment … but I am so grateful. I am counting my blessings. "I'm also in awe of anyone dealing with cancer. The courage, the strength, the determination and at times, the humour you have shown has been nothing short of superhuman." READ MORE: Fern Britton recieves support over 'grim' health woes following split The I'm a Celebrity alum said that fellow cancer patients had "inspired" her and given her "the fire to never give up". She also described them in the post as being "warriors". Adele said that their strength has kept her going, saying that sometimes it took all she had "just to get out of bed and face the day," "But I still did it. "Every day I made sure I did something to do a huge f*** you to cancer. It's taken too many of us. "I didn't know what fate had in store for me but I knew I'd never stop trying." Adele thanked her family, friends and supporters. She noted that people had sent love and positive thoughts, adding: "You've kept me going and helped me slay this beast." She recalled that her doctor had warned that the mind can "go to dark places" when dealing with cancer, but Adele said that it was the one thing she knew she had control over DONT MISS:Amanda Holden, 51, flashes pert bum with Ashley Roberts for Wimbledon (PHOTOS)Madonna, 63, stuns with daughter Lourdes as she admits fears for her (NEWS)Amanda Holden wows in 'Bond Girl' pic with tight top and leggy display (LATEST) "My body might have been dying - it's still so sore now - but there was no way I was letting it destroy my spirit. If anything it's made me happier than I've ever been," she explained. She said that "going through the darkness has given [her] the light," with the experience having transformed her. She added that "it's time now for [her] to start really living.” The former I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! contestant posted news of her cancer on Instagram in October and explained she had decided to detail her illness in a bid to help others.  “For a while now I’ve been struggling with my digestion,” she wrote. “Thanks to a conversation I had with my Dad a few years back I went to my GP for a check-up. "I’ll be honest, I was embarrassed but I also knew that it could be something serious. “So I went just in case. I didn’t think anything of it at first and just assumed it might be food sensitivity. After a few phone calls, I was sent for some examinations and checks. I was then diagnosed with bowel cancer. This was at the start of the month.” Adele continued: “It’s all happened so quickly and I’m so sorry to post something like this on here but I hope it helps anyone who might be worrying or suffering in silence. PLEASE make sure you get checked out if you have ANY concerns.”  