Food recalls are issued when there is a health and safety problem with a product. This could be because it contains an undeclared ingredient, or that traces of plastic, salmonella, or other harmful object or disease has been found. Mars Food UK is recalling two pasta sauces due to an undeclared ingredient. This means that the products could be unsafe for people with certain allergies to consume. The organisation is recalling its Dolmio carbonara pasta sauce pouch and the Dolmio pasta sauce stir-in because they contain soya which is not mentioned on the label. The Food Standards Agency (FSA) stated the recall on its website, saying: “This means the products are a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to soya.” READ MORE: Prince Harry saw the ‘curtain come down’ in secret Charles meeting The Dolmio carbonara pasta sauce pouch comes in packs 150g in size and has a use by dates of February 28, 2023, and March 1, 2023. The Dolmio pasta sauce stir-in also comes in a pack 150g in size and has a use by date of April 26, 2023, and April 27, 2023. These products are sold at Asda, Morrisons, Tesco, and Sainsbury’s. The FSA explained what Mars Food UK will do next to ensure the products are withdrawn from shelves and no other customers will buy them.  It said: “Mars Food UK is recalling the above products from customers and has contacted the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall. “The company has also issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers. “These notices explain to customers why the products are being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the products.” In its notice, Mars Food UK stated: “Mars Food UK is recalling 150g Dolmio Carbonara Pouch and Stir in Pasta Sauces with specific Best Before Dates, due to the presence of trace levels of undeclared soy in the product. “Only the Best Before Dates listed above are included in this recall. “Anyone with an allergy to soy should not consume these products. “If you are impacted by this recall, please contact the Dolmio consumer care line on 0800 952 1234 (UK) or 1890 812 315 (Northern lreland) for a full refund.” Mars Food UK added: “No other Dolmio products are affected by this.” The FSA also offered its advice to customers, saying: “If you have bought the above products and have an allergy to soya, do not eat them. “Instead, please contact the Dolmio customer care line on 0800 952 1234 (UK) or 1890 812 315 (Northern Ireland) for a full refund or alternatively return to store for a full refund.” The organisation went on to inform the public further about food recall. It said: “Sometimes there will be a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold. “Then it might be ‘withdrawn’ (taken off the shelves) or ‘recalled’ (when customers are asked to return the product). “Sometimes foods have to be withdrawn or recalled if there is a risk to consumers because the allergy labelling is missing or incorrect or if there is any other food allergy risk. “When there is a food allergy risk, the FSA will issue an Allergy Alert.”