With the hype of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee still very much present, royal expert Russell Myers joined Lorraine on her ITV show on Monday to recap the recent celebrations. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been a talking point of the nation ever since they got married and the jubilee celebrations were no different. The couple kept a low-profile before making a quick return to the US. Royal expert Russell believes they may not return in the "near future". With events and street parties for the monarch taking place over four days of celebrations, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were largely warmly received when spotted over the last few days. The Sussex's made an appearance at St Paul's Cathedral for a thanksgiving service on Friday but that is where their celebratory appearances ended. They were not present at the Party at the Palace or Jubilee Pageant and, along with Prince Andrew, who tested positive for Covid, did not appear on the balcony at Buckingham Palace. Read More: Rod Stewart defends Sweet Caroline Jubilee performance after being blasted by fans Sitting down to chat with Russell, Lorraine remarked: "Harry and Meghan kept a really low profile. "They came to things they needed to come to, but they, you know that's what they were asked to come to do, and they did it." Agreeing with the host, Russell replied: "They did, they didn't cause a stir. "They said they would just sit in the background.   "It's very interesting because when I was in St Paul's Cathedral, lots could have been made about whether William or Charles gave them a nod or a wink. "And they didn't. They didn't have eye contact." This "sad" moment was spotted by the eagle-eyed expert, who added: "Harry was sort of craning his neck to make eye contact with William, I felt that was quite sad." Noting how the public only saw "fleeting" moments of the pair, other interactions could have occurred behind closed doors, although they would have missed the more significant events during the celebratory weekend. DON’T MISS…Len Goodman blunder: Strictly star sparks uproar with curry powder comment- 'foreign muck' [LATEST]Top Gear's Chris Harris details painful injury sustained during filming 'Really dangerous' [LATEST]Virgin River season 4 theory: Jack's shooter to be exposed as Mel's ex's sister Stacie [LATEST]  Russell continued: "However, we only saw them very very fleetingly, they missed out on all the fun, really. "They missed out on the concert, they missed out on the Pageant, they even left yesterday afternoon." Lorraine was shocked to hear they had left the UK so quickly, stating: "Oh, they are away? They are back [In the USA]?" Russell revealed: "They are back already.    