Paul Pogba has explained the collapse of his relationship with Jose Mourinho at Manchester United in his new Amazon Prime documentary. The France international spent over two years working with the current Roma boss. They won two trophies during that time but, ultimately, didn’t see eye to eye behind the scenes at Old Trafford. Manchester United signed Pogba in 2016, with Mourinho seeing the midfielder as the perfect fit for his Old Trafford project. Things initially went well for the pair, who helped the Red Devils win the EFL Cup and Europa League back in 2017. However, by the time of Mourinho’s dismissal in December the following year, the duo’s relationship had totally collapsed. And Pogba, speaking in his new documentary on Amazon, has now revealed that things started to change between the pair when he picked up an injury and the paparazzi took photos of himself and his wife while they were in Miami. “It started when I got injured,” he stated. “I said I was going to Miami to do rehabilitation. A paparazzi took a photo of Zulay and me. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer “Jose sent the picture to Mino [Raiola]. I didn’t like that at all. He said he’s on holiday when we are working like [EXPLETIVE]. “I told Mourinho are you serious? I’m injured. I train three times a day here. “Who do you think I am? It was new to me to have a issue with my coach.” Mourinho wasn’t the only manager Pogba didn’t get on with during his two stints at United. He also angered Sir Alex Ferguson when he quit the Red Devils for Juventus back in 2012 - something that’s likely to happen again this summer. Ferguson previously took aim at Mino Raiola, blaming him for Pogba’s decision to leave Old Trafford behind. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links Raiola appears on the Amazon show, taking aim at the Scot by saying: “Mr Ferguson thought that the value of Paul [Pogba] we were exaggerating and he should be happy to sign. “I told him that for this money my shoe I would not walk on the grass of the training centre.” And Pogba himself added of his old boss: “I was shocked. I was like ‘okay’. “We got our stuff and he said we’re leaving. And we left. Sir Alex Ferguson probably never experienced something like this in his career.” Other snippets from the documentary include Pogba saying that he wants to prove United wrong for refusing to meet his salary demands. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “My thought process is to show Manchester (United) that they made a mistake in waiting to give me a contract,” he said. “And to show other clubs that Manchester had made a mistake in not offering me a contract.” And Pogba also appeared to aim a dig at his old employers, too, slamming their conduct behind the scenes. “How can you tell a player you absolutely want him and offer him nothing?” said the France international. “Never seen that.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Raiola, who tragically died in April, also appears and is videoed telling his client that there’s something ‘blocking him’ at United. “We must try to make you feel as good as when you are with the French national team,” he said. “You’re different with them. You understand? You’re another Pogba with the Manchester United team. It’s not normal. “With the France team, you’re the real Pogba, the Pogba of Juventus, the Pogba that everyone loves. “With Manchester, there’s something blocking you.”