Everton have reportedly 'approached' the agent of Stephy Mavididi with an eye to a potential bid this summer. The Toffees will be hoping to make big moves in the summer transfer window after a disappointing season last year where they only just survived relegation. A main issue for Everton last term was a lack of goals from their forward players with only Richarlison managing double digits. Dominic Calvert-Lewin struggled with fitness issues throughout the season, limiting him to just 15 Premier League starts. He did score the all important goal in the dramatic 3-2 win over Crystal Palace to secure their place in the top flight next season. But both Calvert-Lewin and Richarlison are both being linked with moves away from Goodison Park. That would leave Frank Lampard in desperate need of bolstering his attacking unit. And it appears as though Englishman Mavididi is an option for Everton moving forward. JUST IN: Newcastle have Calvert-Lewin transfer theory as Ekitike stalls on move  According to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, Everton have joined four other clubs in 'approaching his agent'. He said: “Stephy Mavididi could leave Montpellier this summer. Many clubs have approached his agents including West Ham, Brighton, Southampton, Everton and OM. "Deal still at early stages but there are good chances for Mavididi to make his move in the coming weeks.” The 24-year-old spent the early years of his career in Arsenal's youth team before he moved to Juventus in 2018. DON'T MISS  Having struggled to break into Juventus' first-team, Mavididi eventually made the switch to Montpellier in 2020. And he's impressed in two seasons in Ligue 1, scoring 17 goals in 50 starts predominantly from the left wing. Lampard isn't short of options on the left with Demarai Gray, Alex Iwobi and Anthony Gordon also favouring that side of a front three. But the Everton boss will want more returns in front of goal from his front players next year and Mavididi may be the answer. But it appears as though they're facing strong competition for the forward's signature ahead of the transfer window.