The praise comes ahead of Camilla taking on the role of Queen Consort when Prince Charles accedes the throne after the Queen. The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall hosted a dinner with Commonwealth Heads of Government on June 24 at the Marriott Hotel in Rwanda. The Duchess stepped out in a dazzling floor-length cobalt blue dress that had lace sleeves paired with drop diamond earrings. The ensemble also featured a Garter Star badge following her appointment as a Royal Lady of the Order of the Garter in December and the Royal Family Order of Queen Elizabeth II. Royal fans praised the Duchess on Instagram, with one saying: “Camilla looks absolutely fantastic, gorgeous, and elegant." Another said: "Duchess Camilla of Cornwall looks stunning, she must turn heads even now. Some people become even more remarkable with age.” @Carolina_villa01 added: "Our beloved Duchess was radiant; Their Royal Highnesses Charles and Camilla make a matchless couple." The Prince of Wales spoke at the dinner and said: “Our Commonwealth family must have something fairly unique about it. “After all, an increasing number of countries are seeking membership.” He continued: “Perhaps, You Excellencies, they have discovered that the country with the highest percentage of female parliamentarians is in the Commonwealth (here in Rwanda as it happens); that the world’s fastest male and female runners (not to mention marathon world record-holders) are Commonwealth nationals, that Reggae, Calypso, Afrobeats, High-life and Hip-Life, Bollywood and Nollywood all originate from the Commonwealth; that the Commonwealth has given the world some of its finest dishes – curry, Jollof rice, maple syrup, Roti, Jerk chicken, Nasi Goreng and, dare I say, fish and Chips!” The table décor at the dinner included napkins from Nyamirambo Women’s Centre, Mats at the table centre used the colours from the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting and were made by women from Mayange Reconciliation Village. READ MORE: Urgent search launched for missing 10-year-old - police appeal The centrepieces for the tables were traditional woven baskets from Rwanda which are called ‘peace baskets’, woven by Irebe women with eco-friendly materials. During the visit, the future Queen Consort became Patron of Book Aid International to give more people access to books and attended a Violence Against Women and Girls Event among many other events. One Instagram user, operating under the handle @dddrnbsn, praised Camilla: “I’m really proud of Camilla, she seems to have stepped up to the role just right!” Another fan, @Exo3514, added: "What a wonderful cultural ambassador the Prince of Wales is. With deft nods and winks to Rwandan culture from table decor to fashion. DON'T MISS: Even most LABOUR voters want ‘boring’ Starmer to quit (POLL)G7 leaders brutally mock ‘bare-chested’ horse riding Putin (INSIGHT)Royal Family: Meghan and Harry’s plot blown open (REVEAL) "Bravo to your team too. "Lots of opportunity here’s to engage with the Commonwealth’s youth and burgeoning entrepreneurs. "The Prince’s Trust and even Duchy Originals are great templates. "Lovely soft diplomacy where you managed to make it all about Rwanda and Commonwealth not about you. "Very much reflected in your understated but alert and curious demeanour. "Bravo Duke, Duchess and team."