Meghan Markle was defended after a series of intense attacks on her during a panel discussion on whether it was time to "forgive" Meghan and Harry for creating a "rift" in the Royal Family. Radio host Matthew Stadlen and guest panellist on GB News criticised the Meghan-bashing for going too far during the Platinum Jubilee. He took issue when conservative commentator Calvin Robinson claimed that the Duchess of Sussex had "spat in our faces". Mr Robinson had told the panel: "I celebrated the wedding, we had a party, it was a jubilation and it was great. "But then she left us down. She didn't live up to the expectations because she turned around and started lecturing the British public and disrupting British institutions. "We welcomed her with open arms and she spat in our faces." Mr Stadlen responded: "That's a bit strong, Clavin!" JUST IN: US 'bewildered' why Meghan holds duchess title after royal swipes He continued: "I don't think she has committed a terrible crime. She has not committed any crime. "To the extent that she has got some things wrong, I would forgive her." He then urged Mr Robinson to forgive Meghan. The Sussexes spent the third day of the Platinum Jubilee yesterday away from the public eye. They celebrated the first birthday of Lilibet, who turned one while in the UK for the Queen’s jubilee celebrations. Members of the Royal Family, including the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall, and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, all congratulated her on her first birthday with social media messages. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were expected to mark the occasion at Frogmore Cottage. DON'T MISS: Jubilee LIVE: 'How sad for Meghan and Harry' Duke and Duchess miss out [LIVE BLOG]US talk show host slams British royal celebrations [VIDEO]Harry and Meghan 'surprised' by William's 'frosty' reaction [INSIGHT] On Friday, the couple attended the service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral and sat in the second row. However, they did not go to a reception afterwards at the Guildhall that was attended by most of the other royals. Royal correspondent and friend of Meghan, Omid Scobie, told BBC Breakfast on Friday that Harry and Meghan “want to be as low profile as possible during this trip”. They were also not present at yesterday's Platinum Party at the Palace, which drew huge crowds of royal supporters. The final day of the Jubilee celebrations on Sunday will end with a huge pageant near Buckingham Palace.