Motorsport fans witnessed a heart-in-mouth moment on Saturday when IndyCar driver Romain Grosjean slammed into the wall during Detroit Grand Prix qualifying. The Frenchman's rear-left tyre clipped the outside wall after rounding a bend too fast, causing him to lose control as his car collided into the barrier at the following turn. All four of Grosjean's tyres at one point left the ground as Andretti's No. 28 incurred heavy damage. The entire right side of his car crumpled as a result of the impact, with the front-right tyre almost ripped from the chassis altogether. Formula 1 fans were quick to be reminded of Grosjean's infamous crash at the 2020 Bahrain Grand Prix, which ended up being his final appearance in the sport. The 36-year-old escaped with second-degree burns to his hands after his car split in two and caught fire following a massive crash on the first lap. Swiss-born Grosjean has remarked himself that he was "lucky to be alive" following the blaze in Bahrain. Supporters were grateful he suffered no visible injuries on Saturday and walked away from the crash in good health. READ MORE Williams boss talks up Toto Wolff's 'insurance' driver for Lewis Hamilton as F1 move nears It's the second time in as many race weekends that Grosjean has crashed out of competition. The former Lotus and Haas driver failed to finish his Indianapolis 500 debut seven days prior when he spun out on the 105th of 200 laps. "Tried too hard," Grosjean wrote on Twitter after his qualifying exit in Michigan. "Big thank you to my crew on getting the car back together and ready for tomorrow." DON'T MISS Toto Wolff makes stubborn 'gifted' vow as Mercedes chief predicts change in F1 fortunes Sergio Perez apologises to wife after 'bad' Monaco GP party and videos circulated online FIA president addresses issues on jewellery rule row with Lewis Hamilton he 'didn't write'   Andretti Autosport succeeded in their mission of putting Grosjean back in a workable car for Sunday's main event. Hours before the Detroit GP was due to get underway, the 36-year-old tweeted: "Race day, let’s have some fun." Grosjean managed three podium finishes across his maiden year in IndyCar and finished 15th overall. The veteran finished as a runner-up at the Grand Prix of Long Beach earlier this season and sits 15th in the 2022 standings.