Pierce (played by Jonathan Wrather) was last seen in Emmerdale at the start of 2020 as it was revealed he killed Graham Foster (Andrew Scarborough) following his release from prison for raping Rhona Goskirk (Zoe Henry). Earlier this year on the ITV soap, it was explained the villain was dying and he needed to get in contact with his long-lost son Marcus (Darcy Grey) to broker peace between them. However, this could have all been part of a bigger plan as this could have all been done to give Marcus an inning into the village to get closer to Charles Anderson (Kevin Mathurin). The villain could be alive and well but knowing he could no longer get to Rhona, he could have discovered another person he needed to get revenge on in the village. Charles moved to the Dales at the end of 2020, just months after Pierce was put behind bars for murder but he might not have realised where he was relocating to. It could be the vicar and the killer knew each other when they were younger as they were the best of friends and were inseparable. However, as they grew older and they started dating, it could have been the two characters both fell for the same woman. Able to use his charm better than Pierce, Charles could have successfully whisked his love interest off his feet, ending his friendship with the villain. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes stunned as MP cuts interview short As his life seemed to change forever, having not married the woman of his dreams, Pierce could have moved on and had countless failed relationships. Having settled down with Tess Harris (Nicola Stephenson), he could have put his plans to bed but when she was killed, the anger could have risen in him once more. Instead of trying to find Charles, he could have become obsessed with Rhona and sealed his fate as one of the most sinister characters on the show. Keeping tabs on Rhona from afar whilst in prison, he could have discovered his former best friend was living in the same village. Knowing he couldn't break out but someone on the outside could complete his mission, he could have enlisted his son Marcus. Although they were apparently estranged, they could have never lost contact and Marcus could have been visiting his father in prison for months. He might have been manipulated to see his father's point of view on things, no realising Pierce is more dangerous than he could have ever imagined. When the villain discovered Charles was in Emmerdale, he could have instructed his son to write a letter on his behalf, telling Rhona he was dying. With this being his way to the village, Marcus could then start phase two by using Ethan Anderson (Emile John) as the lawyer to sort out his father's estate. From here, a romance developed between the two but the sole objective for Marcus could have been to get closer to Charles. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charley Webb left drained over 'hellish' family problem [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Joe Tate star's transformation in new pics with girlfriend [PICTURE]Emmerdale’s Rosie Bentham pleads for co-star’s return 'A lot of drama' [COMMENT] In the coming weeks, having moved in with Ethan, it seems Marcus will be spending a lot more time with the vicar as they try to bond. Marcus has been playing the dotting boyfriend so far, wanting to impress Charles so the pair could also develop a bond. However, once he has the vicar fully on his side, Pierce's son could set in motion the revenge plan to kill the churchgoer. He could be seen having a phone conversation with an unknown character, telling them the plan is going full steam ahead. As he puts down the phone, the scene could switch to the prison where Pierce is on the other end, standing with a grin on his face. This would be the return the writers have been teasing all along and the secret Marcus has been hiding since he arrived. The actor who plays Marcus, Darcy, has spoken about his character's storyline arc and where it could be heading in the future. Darcy explained about a possible reunion with Pierce: "I think everybody wants to see it, I think everybody would love to see it. "I'm upset we didn't get to spend more onscreen time together at the time, so we'll see," he added, seemingly confirming the character isn't dead. It could all come to a head during the show's 50th-anniversary celebrations as the soap star hinted he could be involved somehow. Darcy told The Mirror: "I mean, we have to make something special, we have to do something important to show this part of British culture and history. "So we want to make sure we keep the fans happy in that sense. "It's a soap opera - it's big and it's loud and that's all I can say. I'm somewhat involved, maybe. I'll keep adding to this mysterious allure." Will Pierce be reunited with his son and will the pair manage to kill Charles or will he figure out the truth before it's too late? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.