Mrs Hinch rose to fame on Instagram several years ago when she started to share cleaning hacks. The social media sensation now has more than four million followers and shares more of her family life. This means her fans share their own cleaning tips and tricks on dedicated forums, including how to effectively remove limescale stains from shower doors. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to clean her shower glass door after numerous failed attempts using a multitude of cleaning products. HC Tan wrote: “Can anyone tell me how to clean this shower glass door? It is only on certain parts of the door. “My shower glass door recently became like this. It was only 10 years old. “I’ve tried vinegar, toilet cleaner, baking soda and bleach with water. All no use.” READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share how to rid ‘brown stains’ from toilet bowls Removing limescale from your property can seem like a losing battle when it continues to return time after time. Each time the water runs, limescale can build up as the minerals in the water dissolve, leaving calcium and magnesium residue behind. According to Mrs Hinch fans, it is not necessarily a cleaning product homeowners need to remove hard water deposits from their shower doors, but more of a DIY essential. Many cleaning enthusiasts suggested using WD-40 to achieve the “best results” within “30 seconds”. DON'T MISS: Monty Don shares how gardeners ‘must’ plant their sweetcorn [EXPERT]Use sugar to ‘improve the health’ of your grass and ‘boost greenness’ [TIPS]‘Virtually impossible to kill’ houseplants - ‘indestructible’ [INSIGHT] Elizabeth Proser said: “I use WD-40 to clean my shower glass door. It gives the best results and it takes less than 30 seconds. “All I do is spray it on the limescale areas and use a microfibre cloth to wipe it away.” Michelle Hyland suggested: “Use WD-40. You don’t even have to leave it on, you can just spray and wipe. So easy.” Sarah Harkness commented: “WD-40 works perfectly for me.” READ MORE: ‘Guaranteed way’ to ‘kill’ flies in your home with 55p kitchen staple Susan Mann replied: “WD-40 leaves glass sparkling and doesn’t leave smells behind like white vinegar does. “Once you’ve cleaned it with WD-40, just wipe it after every shower. Only takes a few seconds extra.” Christine Sale added: “Would recommend WD-40. Use this on my shower glass all the time.” Experts at WD-40 claimed this lubricant product can be used to remove limescale stains from shower doors “quickly and easily”. They said: “If you have a can of WD-40 Multi-Use product on hand, you can remove hard water stains from shower doors quickly and easily. “You probably didn’t know you could use WD-40 for bathroom cleaning, but because it’s a lubricant that’s not as harsh as most chemicals you use in the bathroom, it’s great for getting rid of hard water stains and other stubborn stains without harming your surfaces.” Spray some multi-use product on the affected areas, and with a sponge and a bit of elbow grease, you’ll have your glass doors sparkling again, according to the pros. What’s more, as WD-40 has water displacement properties, it protects shower doors from further water damage, and rust stains from where metal comes into contact with your doors.