Today, on Channel 5 at 2pm, John Travolta stars in the 1990 comedy Look Who's Talking Too opposite Kirsty Alley. But while the star is all smiles in the hilarious movie, he has struggled over the years in Hollywood with his own reputation. Travolta is a member of the Church of Scientology, a religious movement run by David Miscavige. And while he was once a favoured member of the group, things changed. A former guard from the Church, Brendan Tighe, revealed in 2018 that Travolta became frustrated over his time in the organisation, all thanks to Top Gun star Tom Cruise. Cruise has become a major player in the Church of Scientology, and has become one of the best-known members in the world. So then, it is no surprise that Cruise was awarded the "Freedom Medal of Valor" from Miscavige in 2008. This award is only given to its "most dedicated member". Tighe revealed this event left Travolta extremely "jealous". "It's no secret that Cruise and Travolta despised each other," Tighe said in 2018. "Travolta wasn't invited to Cruise's wedding with Katie Holmes, it told me everything." He added that, despite Cruise's enormity in the Church of Scientology, Travolta did not "recognise Cruise as a superior in any way". He went on: "When Cruise got that medal Travolta was so p***ed off." Travolta felt he was the most "dedicated" member of the church. READ MORE: Top Gun theory: Maverick's comeback was a dream Tighe said: "The closest person Miscavige had ever said that about before was Travolta, he was told by Miscavige that he was the most dedicated Scientologist and had introduced more members than anyone. So it was like getting his title stripped, he was jealous." Eventually, Travolta grew so angry that he decided to express himself. He decided to write a letter to Miscavige. He "dictated a scathing letter" to his chauffeur who scribed the rant. He addressed it to Miscavige, and it reportedly included the question: "What the hell was this medal all about?" (Via The Daily Mail) But Tighe added that it was not just Travolta who had a problem with Cruise. Other members of the church were apparently not too happy, either. DON'T MISS...Simon Pegg health: Star recalls height of alcohol addiction [NEWS]Top Gun theory: Maverick's comeback was a dream [THEORY]Top Gun: Val Kilmer joy at particular Tom Cruise moment on screen [INTERVIEW] Tighe went on to say that it was "50/50" whether Cruise was "respected" in Scientology. "When Cruise got the medal," he continued. "The Office of Special Affairs [the Scientology spy unit] was on high alert for any comments that were negative - it built up a lot of resentment within the ranks of Scientology, they didn't think he deserved it." Neither Travolta nor Cruise have spoken publicly about their reported feud. But they also haven't denied its validity. While HBO was filming a documentary about the Church of Scientology, both Travolta and Cruise denied any interviews or cooperation. SOURCE / SOURCE