King Felipe and Queen Letizia of Spain are welcoming word leaders and hosting official events during the NATO Summit in Madrid, in which 40 countries are participating. On Thursday, Queen Letizia attended the Royal Theater where she was photographed with politician Gregorio Marañon Moya and the director of the Teatro Real, Ignacio Garcia-Belenguer Laita. This event will close the world leader's cultural agenda after visiting El Padro Museum and The Reina Sofia Museum, in Madrid, earlier this week. Letizia stepped out this morning wearing a bright pink dress. The beautiful design had buttons down the front and a midi skirt. READ MORE: Keep bread fresh for 3 weeks with simple food storage hack Queen Letizia combined the dress with a cream clutch bag and matching stilettos. For jewellery, the Spanish Queen simply donned a pair of gold hoop earrings. Letizia looked stunning in the pink gown and opted for natural make-up with a smokey eye. However, this is not the first time the monarch wears the piece.  In 2019, she chose the same vibrant pink dress to attend the Reina Letizia 2019 Awards. The gown happens to be a very unique design as it was reportedly created especially for her by Carolina Herrera, one of her favourite designers. The visit to the theatre this morning began with a guided tasting of olive oils and after, the guests and the Queen enjoyed a rehearsal of the opera Nabucco by Giuseppe Verdi and a flamenco performance. Earlier this week, Queen Letizia hosted a NATO leaders' spouses day in Segovia, Spain. READ MORE: Fergie weight loss: How Duchess of York 'lost close to 50 pounds' The wives of the world leaders were seen visiting the Royal Glass Factory of La Granja in Segovia and taking the train together back to Madrid. The first ladies were all smiles when walking around Segovia together. For the casual day out Queen Letizia chose a grey polka dot dress with a belt. The royal combined the midi gown with a pair of white espadrilles. Royal fan @niveen.beauty said: "Letizia looks perfect! Very classy and appropriate." Another one, @2414_betty commented: "Letizia is magic. Day or night. Always so effortless." @yasminhadjeres added: "I think Letizia is always the Queen of summer." "Letizia looks fab as always," @schumphrey said.