Rafael Nadal left some fans confused as he was forced to use what appeared to be sawdust to keep grip of his racquet in the sweaty, indoor conditions on Court Philippe-Chatrier. The world No 5 and Alexander Zverev are playing their French Open semi-final under the roof as a result of the rainy weather in Paris. Nadal and Zverev are facing off in the first of the two men's semi-finals at the French Open, and are having to play under the roof on Court Philippe-Chatrier thanks to the rain in Paris. But both players have been troubled by the conditions, with their hands becoming too sweaty to grip their respective racquets as a result. And the 13-time champion could be seen using a unique tactic to give himself more grip, reaching into a bag of sawdust and rubbing it on his hands to get rid of the sweat. It came after a conversation with the umpire, in which Nadal said he was "trying" to go faster in between points while needing to wipe his hands after every point. Zverev had already suffered as a result of the sweaty conditions, accidentally throwing his racquet mid-point as it flew out of his hands to give Nadal a break point as the 25-year-old was serving at 4-3. JUST IN: Coco Gauff looking to emulate Raducanu ahead of French Open final  Chair umpire Renaud Lichtenstein admitted to Nadal that it was humid inside Philippe-Chatrier "even for me" and the court was not watered at the conclusion of the 91-minute first set as a result of the humid conditions. Nadal's sawdust trick clearly worked, as he saved four set points in the tiebreak afterwards and came from 2-6 down to clinch it 10-8. The fifth seed, celebrating his 36th birthday today, then went off court after the marathon opening set to change his clothes. DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu confirmed for Washington event for US Open defenceKyrgios keen to fight Tomic in boxing match as war of words continuesAndy Murray reacts to Rafael Nadal retirement claims at French Open   Nadal managed to defeat Djokovic in unfavourable conditions on Tuesday, with their quarter-final scheduled for the night session despite the fifth seed expressing his dislike for playing on clay at night. But he managed to get revenge over the world No 1 for beating him in last year's semi-final, as he defeated the reigning champion 6-2 4-6 6-2 7-6(6) to advance to the last-four.