Janette Manrara, 38, appeared unhappy with husband Aljaz Skorjanec as the dancer made a playful joke at her expense during the British Soap Awards on Saturday. The two were on the podium presenting the award for best drama when the Strictly Come Dancing star's elegant red dress was unexpectedly mocked.   The pair walked on to the podium laughing together as they prepared to present the award and announce the nominations. They walked on to the stage as Aljaz began to address the crowd of celebrities and fans. He said: “Good evening everyone! “I was really hoping for the awards to get to the podium. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman, 61, stuns in very tight-fitting green jumpsuit “But this dress only allows for a…”, Aljaz quipped before trailing off, but clearly making a joke at Janette’s expense. The presenter’s face turned sour as the audience began to crack up while Aljaz smirked cheekily. Janette then announced sternly: “Speaking of drama... “The nominations for best dramatic performance are…”  The couple exuded elegance on Saturday evening as they arrived together at Hackney Empire, London. The former Strictly Come Dancing professionals, who have been married for almost five years, appeared in good spirits as they beamed on the red carpet before the event. Janette stunned in a satin red gown, which featured a puff sleeve, a figure-hugging bodice, and fishtail hemmed train. She added glam to the look with an orb handbag, featuring a gleaming silver strap. DON'T MISS... 'With a heavy heart' Monty Don inundated with support over decision [UPDATE]Amanda Holden, 51, lets fans into bedroom moment [PICTURES] Penny Lancaster stuns as she bids sweet farewell to Rod Stewart [INSIGHT] The dancer had her brunette locks falling in a curled style, opting for a makeup look with a dark smokey eye. Aljaz opted for a classic look in a black suit, layered over a white shirt with black button detailing. The British Soap Awards returned live to ITV for the first time in two years after the 2020 and 2021 ceremonies were cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In its place in 2020, ITV instead aired a 60-minute special titled The British Soap Awards Celebrates 21 Years. The show was narrated by long-running presenter Phillip Schofield. This year, host Phillip, 60, welcomed a number of soap stars to Hackney Empire, where they competed for prizes in 14 categories. The awards were either voted for by a panel of expert judges or the public. Fans were also able to choose their favourites for the Best British Soap, Best Leading Performer and Best Family categories.