Tottenham boss Antonio Conte's move for Roma star Nicolo Zaniola could be in danger of being scuppered by fellow Serie A giants Juventus - with reports suggesting that the Bianconeri are leading the race for the Italy international. Zaniolo, who plays under ex-Spurs manager Jose Mourinho at the Stadio Olimpico, burst onto the scene as a youngster for the Lupetti back in 2018. The Italian star suffered a dip in form after suffering an ACL injury back in January 2020 but registered some decent numbers for Mourinho's men last season. And now Conte has revived his interest in him, having monitored him closely as Inter Milan boss in 2019 and 2020. Tottenham transfer chief Fabio Paratici is also a huge admirer of the midfielder and discussed him with Roma this week after jetting into Italy for transfer talks with other clubs about Joe Rodon and Bryan Gil. But a move for him could be upended by Juventus, with Football Italia claiming the Serie A giants are favourites to sign him and are ready to hold more talks with Roma over a transfer. A deal would be hard to complete for the Italy international given his importance to Mourinho's men - although with just two years left on his deal and with no intention of signing an extension, inklings of a sale are starting to entice other clubs. The 22-year-old had a mixed-bag season last time out, but finished it strong, scoring the only goal in the final to help Roma claim European Conference League glory. READ MORE: Man Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinations Roma are said to be willing to do business with Juventus for Zaniolo but require a fee of around £47million. However, the 36-time Italian champions are only willing to pay around an initial £34m for his services. He scored just twice in the Serie A last season but finished the campaign with eight strikes in all competitions and nine assists. The two clubs are set to meet soon to try and reach an agreement, which could see Brazilian star Arthur included to sweeten the deal. And that would leave Conte vying for other targets to give them strength in depth ahead of a new season which will see them embark on a Champions League adventure for the first time in three seasons. Richarlison, Raphinha and Antony have all been linked with moves to north London as the Italian looks to give Tottenham a chance at their first piece of silverware since 2008. DON'T MISS Man Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinationsMan Utd board 'in talks' over surprise first signing to kickstart Erik ten Hag eraWhat Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told Frenkie de Jong to spark dramatic transfer U-turn Deals have yet to be done for any attackers in his squad, although the signings of Fraser Forster, Ivan Perisic and Yves Bissouma have kept fans more than satisfied this early into the transfer window. Back up will be needed for stars Harry Kane, Son Heung-min and Dejan Kulusevski though with Steven Bergwijn set to depart for Ajax in the coming weeks.