Newcastle transfer target Sven Botman is clear that he wants to leave French side Lille before he has to return to the club for pre-season training. And the defender has revealed that talks are underway with potential suitors. The Magpies could face a tug-of-war with AC Milan to sign the star when the transfer window opens next Friday. Botman joined Lille from Ajax in the summer of 2020 despite never making a first-team appearance for the Dutch club. And the centre-back was soon handed a key role at the heart of the Lille defence as his team stunned Paris Saint-Germain to win the Ligue 1 title at the end of his first season in France. Botman has kicked-on again this season and helped Lille reach the knockout stages of the Champions League before they were beaten by Chelsea. And the 22-year-old now looks set to move on to bigger and better things. The Netherlands under-21s international was targeted by Newcastle at the start of the January transfer window as the Magpies desperately pursued reinforcements in a bid to avoid relegation from the Premier League. But Lille rebuffed their approaches, with AC Milan also failing to prise him away from France. READ MORE: Paraguay legend unleashes on Jack Grealish after 'talking s***' about Miguel Almiron  But Botman says he’s now had enough of life at Lille and is ready to begin a new challenge elsewhere. The ace was asked by Dutch publication Algemeen Dagblad if he had played his last game for his current club. And he replied: “I don’t know, but I think so. I intend to take a step. “Talks are underway now. I won’t go into all of that, but it’s going well. I do hope that the transfer for the new season is completed. Preferably also for the pre-season, yes.” Botman then explained that his future appears to lie at either Newcastle or AC Milan. “Those clubs are interested, yes,” the youngster continued. “I can’t and won’t say much more about it. What I want is to take a nice step towards a nice competition. I am also looking forward to a new step. MORE NEWSLiverpool star Mohamed Salah 'wants Premier League transfer' if he fails to sign new dealTottenham chief Fabio Paratici 'already held January talks' over discreet summer dealLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting      “I am aware of what I want – that is not necessarily to that club or that competition. You weigh all kinds of things and then the total picture has to suit you. I must have a very good feeling about it.” After he was forced to stay at Lille in January, Botman indicated that he wouldn’t be staying at the club for longer than necessary and hinted that the project at Newcastle appealed to him. “I assume that I will take a good step in my career next summer,” the ace said in January. “Everyone says about Newcastle - it's all about money. But it's a very nice project if you look at where Man City and PSG started. I think it would be very nice to be part of that, but Milan is a beautiful club.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here