A lorry decorated for a wedding was issued a parking ticket - as the groom sat waiting for his bride. Driver Dominic Marshall parked in a loading bay in Wokingham believing it was "an agreed space from the council". Mr Marshall, who was getting married in the town hall, parked the vehicle at around 2pm on Saturday, June 11, and was waiting for his wife-to-be to arrive and when he was hit with a £70 ticket just nine minutes later, reported BerkshireLive. He explained he was "shocked" as he thought he had permission. He added: "The first traffic warden walked past and didn't say a word, and two minutes later his friend turned up and no matter what we did, it was getting a ticket, unless I drove it round the block. “Being the groom, I thought it was slightly more important that I was at the altar rather than driving round the block." READ MORE: POLL: Should potholes be prioritised over cycle lanes? Mr Marshall added: "That was the agreed space from the council where it would be parked. “We informed them we were coming in and we were told it would be alright in the loading bay opposite the town hall in Wokingham because it was too big to go down the side of the town hall because of the market." After being issued a £70 fine on his special day, Mr Marshall decided to reach out to the local council. He said he received "a one line response of just telling me the appeals process that's on the back of the ticket”. DON'T MISS: Petrol stations reveal the ‘shocking’ amount of money they make [ANALYSIS]Log burner warning as owners told to DITCH home staple over new eviden [NEWS]Princess Anne ‘sees straight through’ Meghan Markle claims psychic [INSIGHT]  A Wokingham Town Council spokesperson said: "Our wedding packages provide a space for two wedding cars on the market place and this is discussed with the couple during planning meetings with our Events Coordinator. “Owing to market trading times and weight restrictions on the market place, we are unable to park anything bigger in our designated spaces. "We are aware that the loading bays, which are controlled by Wokingham Borough Council, are not available for parking and I have been unable to confirm with any staff member that a discussion had been held concerning parking in a loading bay area prior to the event. “We do not have any control in cancelling any parking tickets issued by Wokingham Borough Council.  "We certainly do not want this event to overshadow Mr Marshall’s wedding day at the Town Hall, so as a gesture of goodwill Wokingham Town Council are willing to pay the fine issued." Mr Marshall has been contacted by the council about the refund of the cost of the parking ticket. He said: "I'm just happy that they've decided to do the right thing". Express.co.uk reached out to the council for comment. It comes just a week after a former traffic warden received fines totalling £400 for parking on a "faded" double yellow line for three months. Lucas Taylor, a 40-year-old ex-traffic warden, hit out at his local council after he was fined over £400 for parking on a double yellow line for three months. He claimed that the markings were badly faded out and barely visible. Motorists across the UK can appeal their fines if they are punished for parking on markings that can’t be clearly observed.