Steam Summer Sale 2022 is fast approaching, with the rumoured start time and date expected to be around a week away. Valve don't typically announce the dates of their upcoming Steam sales in advance, but fans can usually figure out when the next Steam sale will be thanks to either looking at leaks or historical data. And it looks like all signs are pointing towards the next Steam sale happening next week. According to the Steam DB website, the Steam Summer Sale for 2022 will begin on Thursday June 23 2022. A start time of 6pm BST is expected. It's believed the Steam Summer Sale 2022 will run until July 7, so Steam users will have a few weeks to grab discounts. The reliable Steam DB website first leaked the dates for the Steam Summer Sale 2022 back in February. The huge annual Steam event will take place after the Steam Next Fest which is running right now. That launched on June 13 and will finish on June 20. This event will offer Steam users the chance to try hundreds of games for free thanks to newly launched demos. Games you can try out in the Steam Next Fest include Midnight Fight Express, Turbo Golf Racing and Metal: Hellsinger. Announcing the current Steam event, Valve said: "Steam Next Fest is here! Next Fest is a multi-day celebration of upcoming games where you can Play What's Next from first-time and veteran developers alike. "Today through June 20 @ 10am PT, we're showcasing over 1,000 demos for the newest upcoming games across every genre from teams all over the world! You'll have the opportunity to try these unreleased games for free throughout Next Fest – no expo halls, no queues." New for this year's Steam Next Fest is a badge that levels up the more you play. Valve said: "New for this edition of Next Fest: a Steam badge that levels up with each Next Fest demo you play." While giving advice on how to make the most of the Steam Next Fest, the Steam makers said: With so many amazing games to choose from, it can be hard to know where to start. We've got your back, with lots of easy ways to explore Next Fest! "Browse by category, or a game’s primary tags, to find demos in your favourite genre; you can even search by sub-genres or specific features. "Check out the Event Schedule for developer-hosted livestreams and chats to see who you might like to connect with."