Scottish star Brian Cox is currently best known for embodying the tyrannical media mogul Logan Roy in HBO’s smash hit comedy-drama, Succession. In a recent chat with some of the best actors in the business, the stage and screen star recalled a moment he erupted at one of his colleagues which could get him "cancelled" if it was brought to light. Brian recently discussed whether or not he watches himself after takes with fellow Hollywood legend Samuel L Jackson. They both admitted to hating “monitor watching”, with the Succession star revealing he had to prevent one of his co-stars from trying to view a take on set. “This whole business of monitor watching is something I really hate,” he revealed. “I really hate it.” He went on to detail an interaction with a younger actor on an unknown project in which he had to stop them from watching their performances back. READ MORE: Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in for Gloria Hunniford The actor recalled on The Hollywood Reporter roundtable: “I nearly... probably get cancelled for this. “A young actor, we were working… he ran to the monitor. “I said, ‘Don’t do that!’” Brian exclaimed as he made a grabbing motion. “‘Really, don’t do that.’” Explaining his reaction, he went on: “Because you’re killing your impulse. Trust yourself.” “Because what’s up there… It's something different from what you’ve just done. It’s not the same. “And I know you’re thinking, ‘I want to know what my effect is’. Don’t worry about that. Trust yourself.” The Succession star recently compared cancel culture to fascism during an interview with TV presenter Piers Morgan on TalkTV. “It’s a kind of modern-day McCarthyism, really,” he told Piers. DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul boss addresses clue Kim is still alive [THEORY]The Last Kingdom’s Sigtryggr star admits stunt blunder [INTERVIEW]The Boys’ Karl Urban pays tribute to Jensen Ackles [EXCLUSIVE] “It’s a kind of raid on people’s sensibilities in order to reduce them and make them… I don’t know. "There is so much hypocrisy involved with the whole thing. I find the whole thing completely hypocritical. “I am not religious but there is a thing in the Bible where it says, ‘Let he or she without sin cast the first stone’ and there seems to be a lot of casting of stones. And it is like a virus.” Brian has been nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award in 2021 for his performance as Logan Roy, picking up the Golden Globe for Best Actor - Drama in the same year. Ahead of this year’s awards season, he discussed his craft with fellow actors Samuel, Tom Hiddleston, Oscar Isaac, Michael Keaton and Quincy Isaiah. After its stunning third season, Succession and its cast are expected to be amongst the favourites when the Emmy nominations are announced in July. He will also reprise his role in the upcoming fourth season of the HBO drama, which is hoped to start filming at some point this month. Succession seasons 1-3 are available to stream on HBO Max in the US and NOW in the UK.