During the royal round-up on Saturday's GB News, host Nana Akua spoke with expert Charles Rae about Prince William's relationship with his brother ahead of the Duke of Cambridge’s 40th birthday. However, during the segment, Charles claimed the Duke of Sussex and Prince William's feud will never be resolved. As they discussed the latest newspaper headlines about the Royal Family, Charles told Nana: "The rift between Harry and William is palpable now, I can't see any way of it being solved. "William is very hurt and wounded by things that harry and Meghan have said, particularly on The Oprah Winfrey Show, the racist allegations and everything else. "But he has grown in stature, he's grown close to his father and it's interesting that William and Charles are now the two leading lights in the Royal Family and advising the Queen of what's going on. "We saw what happened last week with the Jubilee, and the Garter ceremony where William said, 'Look if Prince Andrew turns up, then I am not turning up', basically." READ MORE: Power Book 5: Is the Rashad Tate spin-off Influence still happening? "So, he's got a lot of stature about what is going on," he continued. Nana chipped in: "He also did a lovely thing, didn't he? "He wrote a letter to the lady who lost her partner during the Capitol riots, that was lovely, wasn't it? "He said he watched a documentary and wrote to her and said who he was and everything and that he's writing to her because he wanted to share was a great man..." "We are going to see William and Katherine doing that sort of thing," Charles weighed in. "They're bringing the Royal Family, slap bang into modern times. "And we have to remember that Charles is only going to be in effect, caretaker King when he's King. "He will be lucky, with the greatest of respect, he'll be lucky to see a 25th Jubilee really..." DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley admits wife Judy 'doesn't miss' being on TV  [VIDEO]A Place in the Sun star Scarlette opens up on making show history [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' baby Thomas DNA twist [REACTION] "Which means, William could be 60 when he becomes king," the expert said before adding: "And then we have got George, so Charles is a caretaker for William really." The discussion about Prince William and Prince Harry's relationship comes after it was claimed by a friend that William thinks his brother has been "sucked into an alien world and there’s f*** all he can do about it". The insider said that the Duke of Cambridge believes his sibling has "crossed a line". "He’s thrown accusation after accusation, knowing that silence is the family’s only option because it doesn’t want to get dragged into a public slanging match," the source began. "William is absolutely allergic to drama, but Harry has ensured that the family laundry is being aired on a global scale. "I think they will find themselves in a better position in the future, but not now." They added to the Daily Mail: "And too much water has gone under the bridge for things to ever go back to the way they were. "But he does want Harry to be happy, and if he stops throwing dust in their faces, then maybe he will find a way to forgive and forget." GB News airs weekdays from 6am.