Allison, a 50-year-old office assistant from Nottingham, had recently ended a relationship, and was keen to meet someone new. Logging on to a dating website, she met a person claiming to be a Naval officer. He said his name was Karl Jones, which was in fact an alias, as he had used an entirely fake identity. She told Rip Off Britain: “He was American Navy, and the photo was absolutely gorgeous. It started from there.” The pair quickly hit it off, and their conversation moved off the website onto a private messaging service. The supposed “Karl” told Allison he had been widowed, but that he was still working in the Navy in Kuwait. He also said he had a house in Leeds, where he was looking to retire shortly, and start a property development business on the side. READ MORE: 'Not easy' Widow, 65, struggles on late husband's 'small' pension Stating he would be back in the UK by May, the man asked Allison whether he could send his luggage ahead. Allison recalled: “I said yes, as I wanted to build up a rapport and relationship with him and gave him my address.” However, things quickly went south when she received an email seemingly from a shipping company claiming the luggage was held by customs, and that she would need to pay to get it released. As a result, Allison sent over £1,842, believing it would cover fees at customs, using her savings as well as a credit card to cover the costs. DON'T MISSState pensioners urged to do simple check which could boost income [INSIGHT]Devastated widow loses life savings of £30,000 after ‘video chat' [VIDEO]Energy rebate warning as scam tactic 'could drain bank accounts' [ANALYSIS] However, problems were not over as the luggage was then supposedly sent to Turkish customs - held there because the bags were said to contain large sums of money. Allison then helped with what she believed to be for export taxes - sending a tranche of £8,500. She said: “I’d gone through a bit of a difficult time with life, and the fact he showed an interest boosted my confidence. I was vulnerable.” Karl then said he was getting a military flight back to the UK, but Allison then received a panicked phone call from someone claiming to be Karl’s sister. The woman told her Karl had been arrested in Dubai as he had been holding a military weapon in his luggage. More money was needed to free him, and Allison estimates she has parted with £20,000 in total. Allison added: “I just feel so stupid, so vulnerable, all those emotions. I wasn’t able to talk about it because I was so embarrassed, and frightened about what people would think and say. “I still get messages from him and I spoke to him about a month ago. Part of me hopes he will come back. But I don’t think it is ever going to happen. “If it’s a scam, I’ll be gutted. But at least I will have some closure on the whole situation and I can move forward with my life.” Upon further investigation, co-presenter Ashley-John Baptise found the military certificates “Karl” had provided were false. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The customs papers Allison had seen via email were also confirmed by experts to be counterfeit, even though they appeared legitimate. The phone number provided was false, with an online search finding others had warned it was attributed to a scammer, and the photos had been ripped from an innocent man who had no idea about the scam. Confronted with the evidence, a tearful and devastated Allison wanted justice. Co-presenter Kym Marsh called the scammer, at first pretending to be Allison, but then revealing the phone call was being recorded. Allison quickly intervened, asking: “Why did you take my money?” but the scammer denied the matter and put the phone down. Through her tears, she concluded: “It’s heartbreaking. I’m gutted. I feel like I’ve been in a relationship and now it’s just come crashing down. “But in all fairness, I think I’m relieved. It’s been going on for so long. It’s like a weight lifted off my shoulders. Onwards and upwards.”  For Love or Money continues weekdays at 10am on BBC One.