Amid their struggles to get a grip of Mercedes' W13 this season, Lewis Hamilton and George Russell's cars will sport a different look during the upcoming Formula 1 schedule. The changes aren't related to performance, however, as the manufacturer throws its support behind Pride Month with a new-look logo. The Silver Arrows will do their part to raise awareness for the LGBTQ+ community after announcing a modified rainbow-themed Mercedes logo for the next three races. The symbol was unveiled on Wednesday and will appear on Hamilton and Russell's cars at the Azerbaijan, Canadian and British Grands Prix. "We’re proud to be running the @mercedesbenz Pride Star on our W13s for the next three races, celebrating the LGBTQ+ community and raising awareness for Pride Month," said the eight-time constructor champions. June is recognised in many parts of the world as Pride Month, though the Rainbow Pride Star will also be seen at Silverstone on July 3. Team principal Toto Wolff will be desperate for improvement in the coming weeks as Mercedes' search for their first win of 2022 lingers on. Titleholder Max Verstappen has retaken a lead in the drivers' standings, but Ferrari's Charles Leclerc is keeping up the pressure on Red Bull. READ MORE Lewis Hamilton hired as film producer involving Brad Pitt hinting at life after F1 career  Russell has impressed in his debut year at Brackley and is fourth, having yet to finish outside the top five in any of the seven races thus far. Seven-time world champion Hamilton has finished behind his new team-mate in all but one of those races, meanwhile, and will be disappointed to sit sixth aproaching the midway point. Hamilton has form in showing his support for the LGBTQ+ community and wore a rainbow-themed helmet at last year's Qatar Grand Prix. The 37-year-old acknowledged the country's poor rights record and said he had a responsibility to shine a light on the matter. DON'T MISS Daniel Ricciardo receives damning Lando Norris verdict from F1 icon Damon Hill - 'Ended' Fernando Alonso set to surpass Michael Schumacher record at Azerbaijan Grand Prix Williams slapped with penalty by FIA for breaching sporting regulations  “I do feel that we are aware there are issues in these places we are going to, as there are around the world but, of course, it is deemed to be one of the worst in this part of the world," Hamilton said at the time. "As these sports go to these places, they are duty-bound to raise awareness of these issues." Sebastian Vettel also caused a stir when he appeared in a rainbow-coloured t-shirt during the national anthems at the 2021 Hungarian Grand Prix. F1 has a role to play in the debate given the worlds of elite sport and politics frequently overlap, with Mercedes deepening their interests after revealing the Rainbow Pride Star.