Sergio Perez crashed in qualifying for the Canadian Grand Prix, bringing out the red flag towards the end of the second qualifying session. The Mexican went straight on at turn three after aquaplaning in the braking zone and colliding with the barrier. It came just seconds after Alex Albon had an almost identical issue as the track started to transition from wet tyres to intermediates. Perez initially appeared to try and reverse and get back to the pitlane but his attempts were in vain and engineers told him to switch off the car. Speaking on team radio, Perez said: “I'm in reverse but it doesn't go.” It means Perez will start the race from 13th on Sunday. The crash is also a dent to Red Bull’s hopes of cashing in on points for the Constructors' Championship after title rival Charles Leclerc was handed a ten-place grid penalty for changing power unit parts ahead of Saturday.  The pair will need to fight their way through the field if they want to score points after Leclerc finished 15th in Q2, meaning he will start from the back on Sunday. After the crash the Red Bull star was then spotted trekking back to the pits himself instead of getting a ride in the medical car or on the back of a scooter. Speaking after Q2, Red Bull boss Christian Horner said Perez had managed to get it into reverse but revealed his wing was lodged into the barrier which meant he couldn't get the car to release. He added the incident was “far from ideal” but stressed drivers can overtake at Montreal so Perez was not out of the picture just yet. READ MORE: Toto Wolff 'absolutely apoplectic' in team principal meeting     The session was restarted around ten minutes later with nine minutes remaining. The delay meant Q2 was restarted with different conditions from when it began with all cars coming back out on intermediate tyres. Verstappen eventually topped the second qualifying session from Fernando Alonso. The wet weather has caught out a few drivers over free practice and qualifying but Perez's accident is the first red flag of the day. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton gets no sympathy from F1 fans amid Mercedes woes  [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen branded 'very lucky' after avoiding disaster in Canada  [COMMENT]Ted Kravitz told he 'sound like my mother-in-law' by Mercedes chief [ANALYSIS] Team-mate Max Verstappen spun out in FP3 hours before qualifying and came within metres of also striking the wall. Speaking on Verstappen's earlier incident, Sky Sports pundit Karun Chandhok said: "He is very lucky to get away without touching the barrier." The incident is Perez’s second accident in qualifying over the past three races after spinning out during qualifying for the Monaco Grand Prix last month. 