Joe Cordina will be attempting to become the thirteenth Welsh boxer to capture a world title this weekend as he takes on Kenichi Ogawa for the IBF super-featherweight belt in Cardiff. The former Olympian is currently undefeated at 14-0 with wins notable over Gavin Gwynne, Sean Dodd, and Faroukh Kourbanov. Having formerly held the British and Commonwealth lightweight titles, Cordina now casts his eyes towards world-level opposition at super-featherweight. Standing across from him is the defending champion, Ogawa, who originally picked up the IBF belt against Tevin Farmer in 2017 but the fight was later ruled a no contest after Ogawa failed a post-fight drugs test. The Japanese boxer went on to win his next four fights and eventually challenged for the vacant IBF super-featherweight title against Azinga Fuzile where he officially captured the gold. Cordina will be Ogawa’s second defence of the red strap. Date and venue Cordina's world title clash with Ogawa will take place on Saturday, June 4 at the Motorpoint Arena in Cardiff, Wales. The arena has a capacity of 7,500 and tickets are still available as of the time of writing. MORE BOXING NEWS... Butterbean calls out Jake Paul for final swan song fight Hearn makes bold Joshua vs Usyk rematch prediction Fury sends latest retirement message after Arum's Joshua claim Fight times and TV channel/live stream Cordina vs Ogawa will be shown on the DAZN app for UK viewers, which can be subscribed to for £7.99-a-month. The app broadcasts regular boxing shows from Matchroom Boxing and Golden Boy Promotions and has a large archive of past fights. All the action can be live streamed directly from the app, which is available for download onto your mobile, tablet, smart TV, or computer. The main card will get underway from 7pm, with ring walks expected for the main event at around 10pm. Ogawa vs Cordina undercard Main Card Kenichi Ogawa vs Joe Cordina, 12 rounds, super-featherweight – Ogawa defending his IBF super-featherweight title Faroukh Kourbanov vs Zelfa Barrett, 12 rounds, super-featherweight – Kourbanov defending his European super-featherweight title Dalton Smith vs Mauro Perouene, 10 rounds, super-lightweight Skye Nicolson vs Gabriela Bouvier, 8 rounds, featherweight Gamal Yafai vs Sean Cairns, 8 rounds, super-bantamweight Preliminary Card Calum French vs Gadatamen Taylor, super-lightweight Joe Morgan vs Rustem Fatkhullin, super-lightweight Kyran Jones vs Vasif Mamedov, middleweight Ben Crocker vs Evgenii Vazem, welterweight Monique Bux vs Ester Konecna, super-middleweight Betting odds Joe Cordina to win 8/11 Draw 37/2 Kenichi Ogawa to win 6/4 *Odds courtesy of Betfair are correct at time of publication