Blueberry bushes are easy to grow and don’t require huge amounts of attention if you plant them right in the first place. Blueberries are not only delicious and highly nutritious, but they’re also attractive shrubs, with lovely white flowers in spring and deep leaf colour in autumn. In order to maintain a healthy plant and a plentiful harvest of blueberries, pruning your blueberry bush is essential, and knowing when to do this will ensure optimum growth. Tom Hilton, gardening expert at National Greenhouse explained: “In order to grow a successful blueberry bush to keep you picking off delicious fruits for healthy treats, it’s all in the pruning to keep it alive and thriving.” It may sound simple, but looking at your plant and properly assessing if it needs to be pruned is where you should start. If there are any parts of the plant that are dry, “twiggy” or weak, prune these back so you are left with the healthy, fresh growth. Tom said: “Make sure to remove any broken, weakened, damaged and very old canes to help with the renewal process. READ MORE: Pruning tips: Always ‘remember the 3 D’s’ when pruning all plants “The best kind of blueberries are grown on two to four year old canes, ones that are older than this can be substantially weaker, resulting in unimpressive, smaller blueberries.” By cutting back the plant and having only the healthiest and strongest branches, you can boost the growth of your blueberry bush. The best time to prune a blueberry bush is before it buds, which is usually towards the end of winter into the beginning of spring. Plant expert Melvin Cuban from PlantIn said: “Pruning blueberries must synchronise with their growth cycle to achieve the best results. DON'T MISS: How to clean washing machine seals with kitchen staples - ‘best way’ [TIPS]Popular paint colours to avoid in bathrooms - ‘connotations with dirt’ [INSIGHT]Oven cleaning: ‘Extremely easy’ 29p way to clean your oven glass [EXPERT] “The best time to prune blueberry bushes is during its dormancy period in late winter or early spring before new buds pop out.” Before pruning, ensure that any long, cold spells of winter weather have fully passed, gardeners can then properly assess their plant and prune back any affected, dead sections, ready for a healthy growth in the spring. As previously discussed, a blueberry bush needs to be annually pruned after winter, however, regular cuttings will also help to maintain a healthy plant. Melvin said: “Reduction cuts of some unhealthy, sickly branches ensures good growth and can maximise the quality and quantity of the fruits.” One thing to look out for is if your blueberry bush seems overcrowded, as this will affect the speed of growth. There should be a mix of around half and half old and new branches in your blueberry bush, with around eight branches altogether. Making sure that there are no crossed or overcrowded branches of different lengths will allow the plant the space it needs to grow. Blueberry bushes are very resilient plants and benefit greatly from regular pruning. As long as gardeners are properly assessing the growth and cutting back only dead, damaged and unhealthy sections of the plant, a blueberry bush will grow to be strong, healthy and long-lasting. Troy Wojtaszek, blueberry expert, said: “It sounds scary to be pruning so much out, but that's normal so don't be afraid. “Blueberry bushes are very hardy plants, the more you do it, the better you'll get at it and the plant will thank you for it with bigger and better blueberries for years and years to come.” Blueberries grow on old wood, with the best fruits growing on twigs that are around two years old. When pruning a blueberry bush, ensure to find the perfect balance of leaving a mix of old and new growth - only removing the parts of the plant that are overcrowded, dead or diseased.