There are an array of different types of jobs gardeners should be keeping up with throughout the year when it comes to lawns, but some of the jobs gardeners should make sure they are always doing their best to keep up with are regular feeding, moss-killing and weeding. Cold weather and life can get in the way, making it difficult to keep on top of everything - so lawn experts at The Grass People share the key jobs to focus on this summer. As a result of mowing, lawns can lack nitrogen, so the experts suggest fertilising them as “the best way” to combat this and ensure grass “thrives”. They said: “With increased mowing over summer, grass may become nitrogen deficient. “The best way to combat this is with a slow release fertiliser so your lawn gets all the nutrients it needs to thrive. “This can also help prevent moss and weeds from establishing themselves within the lawn.” READ MORE: Use ‘pinching’ trick to get ‘the best results’ from your tomato plants To ensure gardeners get the most out of their fertiliser, the best conditions are waiting for days when rain is expected. The lawn pros explained: “Fertiliser doesn’t like the sun and it does like moist soil, making rainy and overcast days the perfect days for this job. “It’s important to get this job ticked off fairly early in the summer, as after August high levels of nitrogen are not suitable for use due to the upcoming autumn weather.” Summer usually means less rain and more sun, this means we need to take the time to make sure lawns are plenty hydrated. The grass experts suggested that it is a “good idea” to water grass “once a week” if it’s not raining, but be careful not to flood the grass. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: ‘Most important’ 29p step to ‘weaken’ dirt on electric hobs [EXPERT]How to clean windows for ‘streak-free results using ‘free trick’ [TIPS]‘Natural and effective ways’ to repel flies from homes using scents [INSIGHT] In extreme summer heat a good guide is 20 litres of water a week for every one metre square of lawn, according to the pros. They added: “If drought conditions persist, soil can become very dry and hard which can make it difficult for the water to permeate, so it’s important to aerate with either a plug aerator or a spike aerator, which create holes in the ground allowing water and oxygen to filter through. “You can tell your lawn needs a little extra water if the grass begins to turn yellow or brown.” As winter can be unkind to lawns making it look thin or patchy, the lawn specialists suggest summer as a “great time” to repair these damaged areas by “overseeding”. Gardeners who want to try their hand at overseeding, there are a few steps to follow. The experts explained: “Firstly, make sure you take the time to prep the lawn, this includes weeding the lawn and removing any debris such as boulders or stones. “Next it’s time to scarify and fertilise the lawn with a quick release fertiliser. “Lastly, moisten the soil and sprinkle the seed, water and then roll the lawn. The final step is to sit back and enjoy your luscious green lawn.” The lawn experts advise gardeners to begin mowing their grass during spring (March is the best month for this), meaning that their lawn should be at a good height. Aim for a height of 10 to 15mm for fine, ornamental lawns or a slightly longer 25-40mm for more hardwearing, family friendly lawns. With rising temperatures, and especially if there is still rain, grass is likely to grow at a much faster rate. The experts explained: “This is thanks to the perfect growth conditions that summer brings: heat, light and moisture. “After a winter and spring where our lawns required less mowing, mid summer is a time where lawns may need to be mowed more often, potentially once or twice a week. “At the end of summer, as growth slows less mowing will be required.” However, the experts at The Grass People noted that “the important thing to remember about mowing all year round is to not cut your lawn too short” as this will damage the grass and cause it to appear hacked and turn yellow, which is not the backdrop to summer BBQs that you want.