Benfica have now confirmed an agreement is in place with Liverpool for the sale of Darwin Nunez in a deal worth up to £85million. Nunez is now set to arrive at Anfield later this summer as the club's second signing, after Fabio Carvalho joined from Fulham. Benfica's statement read: "In the early morning hours of this Monday (0:44 am), Sport Lisboa e Benfica – Futebol, SAD informed the Securities Market Commission (CMVM) that it had reached an agreement with Liverpool FC for the sale of all rights to the player Darwin Nunez, for the amount of €75m. "To the CMVM, Benfica's SAD also informed that the agreement provides for the payment of a variable remuneration, so the global amount of the sale could reach the amount of €100m. It is further informed that the aforementioned agreement is dependent on the signing of the player's sports employment contract with Liverpool FC." After Sadio Mane indicated that he wanted to leave Liverpool after their Champions League final defeat to Real Madrid, the Reds put plans in place to find a replacement. Nunez quickly emerged as the club's top target, but there was reportedly some trepidation on meeting Benfica's £85m demand. JUST IN: Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd want Inter star, Chelsea Loftus-Cheek view  But now Benfica have confirmed that the transfer will see Liverpool pay £64.1m up front plus a possible £21.3m in add-ons. It is claimed that £12.8m is related to appearance related add-ons while a further £8.5m depends on team success. Virgil van Dijk will initially reman the club's most expensive signing, but that looks set to change in the near future. Liverpool are already confident of clawing back most of the money outlayed for Nunez as Bayern Munich close in on Mane. The Reds have played hard ball with the Bundesliga giants in negotiations, standing firm on their £42.75m valuation. Bayern have already had two bids rejected, but talks are expected to progress and reports indicate that Liverpool fully expect Bayern to lodge an improved third bid. DON'T MISS Mane is unlikely to be the only sale at Liverpool this summer with Takumi Minamino also attracting plenty of interest. The Japan international played on the periphery of Klopp's attacking unit last season, but still played an important role in the cup competitions He scored seven goals in both the Carabao Cup and FA Cup as Liverpool lifted both trophies. But the 27-year-old featured in just 11 Premier League matches with Liverpool now hoping to get £17m for the attacker this summer. Divock Origi has also left Liverpool after seven seasons at the club with the Belgian forward joining AC Milan on a free transfer. 