Guitarist Johnny Depp, 58, had been in the city to perform onstage with Jeff Beck when the actor and his entourage visited the chic restaurant Varanasi for exclusive use. A spokesman for the restaurant revealed that "money was no issue" for the Pirates of the Caribbean actor. Johnny arrived with musician Jeff, 77, and a team of around 20 other people, who took over the restaurant after it closed its doors to the public to accommodate them. Seeming to be in a celebratory mood, Johnny and his entourage enjoyed Rose champagne at an estimated cost of £7,500 per bottle. It is believed that the cost of hiring out the venue for private use could cost up to £30,000. However, the portion of the bill for food, which included chicken tikka masala and king prawn bhuna, was comparatively modest. READ NOW: Deborah James answers critics after ‘uncalled for’ Meghan Markle jibe The restaurant's Operations Director, Mohammed Hussain, described his celebrity client as a "lovely, down to earth bloke". "We had a call out of the blue on Sunday afternoon saying that Johnny Depp wanted to come to eat with a group of people," he explained. "I was shocked and at first, I thought it might have been a wind up," he continued to Mail Online. "But then his security team arrived, checked out the restaurant and we let them have the whole place because we were concerned that he might be bothered by other diners." His team prepared a banquet for them, along with cocktails and champagne. They were offered starters including shish kebabs and tandoori king prawns, followed by a main course of butter chicken, paneer tikka masala, lamb karahi and king prawn bhuna. Johnny reportedly opted for a non-traditional dessert after polishing off his main course - panna cotta and cheesecake. The restaurant staff also "made sure not to make [the food] too spicy", in case it disturbed his palate. DON'T MISS... James Whale throws Lizzie Cundy off TalkTV for blasting Meghan Markle [DEBATE] Tom Hanks's 'loneliness of marriage' laid bare [INSIGHT] Dan Walker makes jibe at Rod Stewart's 'baffling' Jubilee performance [LATEST]  Mohammed added: "We made more money from Depp’s visit than we did from our busiest night of the week, which is a Saturday when we have around 400 diners." He revealed that he had not discussed the court case against Amber Heard with the actor, in spite of spending around 20 minutes alone with him. Johnny had retreated into his office and quizzed him on the restaurant's CCTV system instead. Describing him as "humble", Mohammed exclaimed: "I’m still pinching myself because I never dreamt that Johnny [Depp] would be in my office having a chat about how the CCTV in the restaurant works." Johnny has been in the UK to support Jeff Beck during his tour, having made previous appearances with him in Glasgow, and at London's Royal Albert Hall. He also appeared last week at an animal rescue centre in Kent, where he was photographed cuddling a badger. Meanwhile, his ex-wife's lawyers have declared that she is "unable" to pay the $15 million sum requested after a jury of seven ruled in Johnny's favour on three counts of defamation. It is understood that Amber, 36, plans to appeal.