Kitchen sinks, especially those made from plastic, resin or acrylic materials, can easily become stained. Days of throwing coffee, tea and other liquids down the sink can often take their toll on your sink’s appearance. Other stain-causing food items include spices such as paprika, garam masala and chilli. Leaving pots and pans in sinks for too long can also leave rust marks. Ordinarily when cleaning the sink, we’d opt for bleach, washing up liquid or a surface spray. But for this method, all you need is one product: Bar Keepers Friend. Bar Keepers Friend cleaning products claim to “tackle rust, mineral deposits, baked-on food, and other stains with gentle, bleach-free formulations”. The particular product I used was the Bar Keepers Friend Multi-Surface Cleaner & Stain Remover. READ MORE: Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow The product claims it can be used on ceramic, stainless steel, copper, chrome, china, porcelain, plastic, glass, brass, tiles and laminates. I used the product on my BLANCO white, composite sink. As you can imagine, having a white sink can be tricky. I left the sink to gather stains and marks over a 48-hour period before testing the power of Bar Keepers Friend. Before testing out this method, please consult your sink manufacturer’s cleaning guidelines.  DON'T MISSHow to clean windows and leave them 'sparkling' [INSIGHT]‘Do not use salt to kill weeds!' Paving expert condemns gardening hack [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘best’ way to clean ‘grim’ discoloured pillows [ANALYSIS] Over a period of 48 hours, the sink had managed to become stained from coffee, tomato paste sauce, cola and other food items. The sink was stained with some brown ring marks left from coffee mugs. The first thing I did was sprinkle some Bar Keepers Friend onto a wet, soft scourer. I then rubbed the scourer into the sink to remove the stains. For the more stubborn stains (mainly from the coffee cups), I decided to use the toothbrush. I made a paste using some more of the powder and a few drops of water. It can be difficult to get the consistency right so you may need to add more water if you’ve got too much powder. Once the solution looks like a paste, I applied the paste to the more stubborn stains using the toothbrush.  I left the paste on for around a minute or two to allow it to work. Next, I rinsed the entire sink, scourer and toothbrush to see the results. After rinsing the product from the sink, I was pleasantly surprised with the results. The coffee stains had vanished and any remnants of the paste sauce were nowhere to be found. I was also impressed with the delicate scent of the product which wasn’t overpowering like bleach or other products.