Karun Chandhok has claimed Red Bull are ‘good at pushing the limits’ after teams protested against Max Verstappen’s flexing rear-wing at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix. The Dutchman’s rear wing appeared to be flapping and flexing on the straights in FP1, raising the eyebrows of some teams. Moments after the session, team principal Christian Horner revealed that some teams had already complained about the issue, raising concerns the team could face an investigation. Chandhok has stressed the issue is one which the FIA would ‘query’ ahead of the weekend. However, he still backed Red Bull to find a solution to the issue ahead of the race on Sunday. Speaking to Sky Sports F1, he said: “It’s an issue the FIA and the other teams would like to query and look at. “Red Bull are aware of it, they are very good at just pushing the edge of the limits of the regulations. Which frankly is their job, they have to push the limits. That’s what Formula 1 is about, especially at the sharp end of the grid. READ MORE: Christian Horner claims Mercedes and Ferrari 'already' lodged protests “I'm sure they will find some sort of a solution to make sure it's legal and works for the Grand Prix.” Sky Sports pundit Johnny Herbert later claimed he had spoken to people at the FIA who said they were not concerned about the wing despite some teams submitting protests. The issue only appeared on Verstappen’s car, raising suspicions it could be a new part the team were trying. However, Horner addressed the flapping rear wing moments after the session and claimed it was not a performance upgrade. Verstappen was actually three-tenths slower than Perez in FP1, proving the part gave the team no advantage. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen had a chat with dad after he fired shots at Red Bull [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen sends clear message to Horner and wades in on FIA row [ANALYSIS]Verstappen backed to make Baku GP amends for two key reasons [INSIGHT] Horner explained: “Obviously, we've seen it we've got the data from it, we've got the comparison to Sergio [Perez's] wing, so I think there's some modifications or some tuning that we need to do just to make sure that we eradicate that for this afternoon. “This does not give you a performance advantage. Our men are on top of it and hopefully it will be cleared up before the next session.” Red Bull engineers were seen frantically working on Verstappen's car as FP2 got underway. The issue appeared to be less pronounced in FP2 but Verstappen was still one-tenth slower than Perez.