This year was touted as the year Mercedes and Lewis Hamilton would bounce back from last season’s controversial and last-minute defeat to Red Bull’s Max Verstappen to put forward a charge for the F1 top spot. However, an underwhelming start to the season continued in Canada this week for Lewis, and when Mike Bushell brought up the practice results to BBC Breakfast’s Naga Munchetty and Ben Thompson, both slammed the “infuriating” way Lewis has fallen behind. Former Strictly star Mike teed up the discussion, saying: “Lewis Hamilton has described his current Mercedes car as a ‘disaster’, “Adding that ‘nothing we seem to do seems to work at the moment’, after another dismal showing ahead of the Canadian Grand Prix. “Hamilton has won this race seven times previously but he ended the day 13th quickest, with team mate George Russell in seventh. “Now, Hamilton has said that Mercedes just need to ‘tough it out’ and work hard to build a better car for next year.” READ MORE: Naga Munchetty forced to step in after BBC sound issues Mike added: “Championship leader Max Verstappen was quickest in his Red Bull.” The BBC show then aired a clip of Hamilton talking after his latest disappointing finish. “Nothing we do to this car seems to work so it’s - we’re trying different set-ups,” Hamilton began. “I mean me and George went with much different set-ups in this FP2 just to see if one way works and one way doesn’t. “I’ll wait to see how it goes for him but for me, it was a disaster,” Lewis bluntly put. “It’s like the car is getting worse, getting more and more unhappy the more we’re doing to it so I don’t know, we’ll keep working on it but it is what it is. “This is the car for the year,” Lewis concluded, evidently displeased with the result. Mike then weighed back in as he turned to Naga and Ben: “He seems to be accepting it for what it is, he can’t really do much about it, it’s up to the engineers to work on the car.” DON'T MISS:Eamonn Holmes admits Ruth Langsford is 'very jealous' of new show Flog It's star shares one antique to buy which will 'go up in value'Sheila Hancock addresses being 'blacklisted' by the BBC “Frustrating though,” Ben chipped in as Mike added: “He was talking the other week, wasn’t he? About the bouncing causing actual pain.” “Yeah! And the damage actually it can be causing to drivers as well,” Naga said before taking aim at Mercedes for not giving Lewis the best chance at glory. The BBC host added: “It doesn’t seem right though after last year, after the championship last year to kind of assume that you’re not gonna see Hamilton in a race for the title.” Ben seemed to agree, pointing out: “This is what makes the sport so infuriating but also such a challenge, isn’t it? “Because if you’ve got a car that’s not working you’ve got to sit it out for the rest of the year.” While Friday’s practice for the Canadian Grand Prix didn’t go down well for Lewis and Mercedes, the true result will be revealed on Sunday evening. Setting off at 7pm BST at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve on Sunday, fans will have to wait and see if Hamilton can improve on a 13th-placed finish. BBC Breakfast airs daily at 6am on BBC One.