Russia's military supply chains have suffered yet another blow in Ukraine after Ukrainian paratroopers took out an ammunition depot on the eastern front in Donbas. A string of Russian ammunition stockpiles have gone up in smoke over recent weeks as elite Ukraine Armed Forces squads manage to launch daring raids on the invading forces. Aerial footage from the aftermath of the strike shows the Russian military site in flames. Fires can be seen blazing as destroyed Russan ammo burns up Thick black smoke pours from the wreckage from what is reported to have been an attack by Ukraine paratroopers. The Russian ammo dump is believed to have supplied fighters on the eastern front where several battles are taking place for control over the Donbas. Sievierodonetsk has become the epicentre of the battle for control over Ukraine's eastern Donbas region. Parts of the city have been pulverized in some of the bloodiest fighting since the Kremlin unleashed its invasion on February 24. "The key tactical goal of the occupiers has not changed: they are pressing in Sievierodonetsk, severe fighting is ongoing there - literally for every meter," Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said in his nightly video address, adding that Russia's military was trying to deploy reserve forces to the Donbas. Mr Zelensky said the image of a 12-year-old injured in a Russian strike was now the enduring worldwide face of Russia.  "These very facts will underscore the way in which Russia is seen by the world," he said. "Not Peter the Great, not Lev Tolstoy, but children injured and killed in Russian attacks," he said, in an apparent reference to Russian President Vladimir Putin's remarks last week comparing Moscow's military campaign to Russian emperor Peter the Great's 18th-century conquest of lands held by Sweden. Ukrainian and Russian forces were still fighting street-by-street in Sievierodonetsk on Sunday, the governor of Luhansk province, Serhiy Gaidai, said. Russian forces have taken most of the city but Ukrainian troops remain in control of an industrial area and the Azot chemical plant where hundreds of civilians are sheltering. DON'T MISS: Deluded Putin says he is reconquering land just like Peter the Great [REPORT]Vladimir Putin sends chilling threat to Sweden with emperor comparison [REPORT]Sneering Putin boasts West powerless to cut itself off from Russia [REPORT] "About 500 civilians remain on the territory of the Azot plant in Sievierodonetsk, 40 of them are children. Sometimes the military manages to evacuate someone," Gaidai said. But the Russians had destroyed a bridge over the Siverskyi Donets River linking Sievierodonetsk with its twin city of Lysychansk, Gaidai said. That left just one of three bridges still standing. "If after new shelling the bridge collapses, the city will truly be cut off. There will be no way of leaving Sievierodonetsk in a vehicle," Gaidai said, noting the lack of a cease-fire agreement and no agreed evacuation corridors. 