Menopausal weight gain is down to a lot of hormonal changes in the body, and there are many things experts have found can work to promote losing weight. But a doctor has advised that while exercise is "essential" for women going through the change, it "isn't enough" to see the weight off. Dr Khandee Ahnaimugan specialises in weight management and revealed exercise won't have the same effect on slimming as one might expect. "The generic advice for anyone who's gaining weight is to 'go to the gym'," she said. "While exercise is highly recommended for your overall physical and mental health, for women going through menopause it has minimal effect on weight loss." She carried on: "You went to the gym diligently for a few weeks, and then were shocked and dismayed to see that your weight hadn't budged. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "This is not abnormal. It's actually expected." Dr Ahnaimugan said many of her clients have previously "blamed themselves" for not doing enough exercise, but she assured them this isn't the case. "This is not the reason they have not been able to lose weight," she said. "Again, this doesn't mean you shouldn't exercise, it just means that it's not enough for weight loss." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Instead, she suggests people should eat less without feeling deprived. "This is the secret to lasting weight loss," she explained. "Firstly, instead of making drastic changes to your eating habits, just make small ones that are easier to stick with. "Secondly, you need to focus on removing unnecessary eating from your life. "For example, if you finish two thirds of your plate of food and feel full, then eating the rest is not providing you any extra enjoyment. "It is unnecessary calories." Dr Ahnaimugan went on to explain cutting out the unnecessary eating means people eat less but don't feel deprived. "There are literally hundreds of examples of unnecessary eating in most people's lives," she said. "When you eliminate unnecessary eating, you eat less, don't feel deprived and can therefore stick with the weight loss plan long enough to see results and keep the weight off for life. "The ideal plan is based around eliminating unnecessary eating. "It blends into your lifestyle and becomes part of it."