The Duke of York had hoped to step out alongside senior members of the Royal Family for the Garter Day service at St George's Chapel in the grounds of Windsor Castle. But Andrew has reportedly been blocked from appearing in public at the ceremony after the Prince of Wales and the Duke of Cambridge lobbied the Queen. The disgraced royal will only be allowed at private aspects of the event. Charles and William are said to have raised fears of a "backlash" from the public if he stepped out for the service. The heirs to the throne reportedly agreed their position before telling the monarch who made the final decision. A source told the Sun: “It was a decision taken by the household for the best interests of the family but also the best interests of the Duke of York.” Andrew, who is a Garter Knight, was reportedly plotting the move as part of a royal return which would have seen him attend Royal Ascot later this week. A source said: “He was confident and bullish he can make a comeback.” But palace insiders branded his bid to make a comeback as "delusional". It comes as the Duke is reportedly demanding his HRH status reinstated, along with his Colonel of the Grenadier Guards role. READ MORE: William and Kate to move out of ‘confined’ London for children A source told the Telegraph: "The colonelcy of the Grenadier Guards was his most coveted title and he wants it back. "Having remained a Counsellor of State, he also believes he should be included at royal and state events. "Most importantly for him is his status as an HRH and 'Prince of the Blood' and he feels that should be reinstated and his position recognised and respected." The Queen's second son stepped back from public duties after the scandal over his friendship with paedophile billionaire Jeffrey Epstein. DON'T MISSQueen kept ‘wonderful’ secret from family for Jubilee [INSIGHT]What is Garter Day? Centuries-old Order explained [EXPLAINER]Prince Harry saw the ‘curtain come down’ in secret Charles meeting [ANALYSIS] And he lost his HRH style and military roles earlier this year ahead of paying millions to settle a civil sex assault case brought against him in the US by Virginia Giuffre. Ms Giuffre, who was trafficked by Epstein, accused Andrew of sexually assaulting her when she was 17. He has always strenuously denied the claims and the settlement was not an admission of guilt on the part of the Duke. Andrew's last public engagement sparked controversy as he took centre stage escorting the Queen to Prince Philip's memorial service in March. The Duke missed the Platinum Jubilee celebrations after testing positive for Covid. Each year, Royal Knights and Ladies of the Order of the Garter gather at the chapel in Windsor for a colourful procession and ceremony. Crowds watch as they walk down the hill to the chapel from the state apartments, dressed in blue velvet mantles, red velvet hoods, black velvet hats and white ostrich plumes. During Monday's service, Camilla will be installed as a Royal Lady of the Order of the Garter. 