Roger Federer has admitted that he has no plans to compete at Wimbledon this year, but his record at the tournament will remain intact despite not attending. The 40-year-old has struggled with injury issues for the past few years and has not played in a competitive match since he lost to Hubert Hurkacz in the Wimbledon quarter-finals last July. Federer has won eight Wimbledon championships, more than any player. Pete Sampras and William Renshaw both have seven wins, but the only active player close to Federer’s record is Novak Djokovic. However the Serbian has won six times at Wimbledon, meaning that even if the 35-year-old wins again this year, he will not match Federer. Besides the two competitions Federer has already confirmed his participation in, the Laver Cup and the Swiss Indoors, he admits he has no plans to compete anywhere else. "I haven't planned more than the Laver Cup and Basel yet.” He said. “After Basel, the season is over anyway. It's important for me to get fit again so that I can train fully. Once I've done that, I can choose how many tournaments I play and where. “The Laver Cup is a good start, I don't have to play five matches in six days. I will be able to do that in Basel. “That's why I have to prepare for it in practice. I'm curious myself what's still to come. But I'm hopeful, I've come a long way. I'm not far away. The next three or four months will be extremely important." The 20-time Grand Slam champion has been out of action since suffering a setback to his knee injury at Wimbledon last year, and had to undergo a fourth knee surgery since 2016. Federer will be 41 at the Laver Cup where he is planning to make his comeback, and there has been speculation that he will retire from the sport in the near future but Andy Murray is hoping to face the Swiss icon one more time. “I would love to see Roger back playing again.” The Scot said. “It’s always difficult to know when the end is. Obviously, people have been talking about it for many years. The next generation have come through, [but] the same guys are still winning the Grand Slams and I’d love to see Roger back competing again. “I don’t know his situation, but I believe he will get back to competing. I don’t know how long for, but I really hope we can play another tournament together. It’s been a long time.” The two last played at the Cincinnati Masters in the semi-final, where Federer defeated Murray for the 14th time in his career.