Foo Fighter fans were devastated when it was announced that Hawkins had died on March 25, 2022. Less than three months after the star's untimely death, the band's singer, Dave Grohl, and the rest of the group's members have announced two tribute shows along with Hawkins' family. The two gigs are taking place on September 3 and 27, in two different locations. The first gig is happening on London, UK, at Wembley Stadium on September 3. The second event, which will take place on September 27, is occurring at the Kia Forum in Los Angeles, California, USA. These two tribute concerts will "unite several musical artists who Taylor idolised". These as-of-yet unannounced artists will be playing "the songs Taylor fell in love with, and the ones he brought to life". Tickets for Hawkins' tribute gigs go on sale at the end of next week. Tickets for the two shows will be going on sale on June 17, 2022 - next Friday. An official statement from Hawkins' wife was released shortly after the gigs were announced. Alison Hawkins, the star's wife, said: "Taylor's endearing spirit and deep love of music will live on forever through the collaborations he so enjoyed having with other musicians and the catalog of songs he contributed to and created." (sic) She added: "In celebration of his life, it is now up to all of us who loved him most to honour Taylor's legacy and the music he gave us." (sic) Hawkins' death was announced through a statement on Twitter on March 25. The statement stressed that "his musical spirit and infectious laughter will live on with all of us forever". The band then cancelled all of their remaining shows in the ongoing tour. Hawkins was found dead in his hotel room in South America where the band were due to play the Festival Estéreo Picnic in Bogotá, Colombia.  Hawkins' cause of death was not announced, but the Attorney General of Colombia said his body included "ten substances" including antidepressants, benzodiazepines, and opioids." The 50-year-old drummer had been a part of Foo Fighters since 1997. His tenure in the group gave him the platform to become friends with some notable artists in the music industry. Included in his list of friends was Queen guitarist Brian May. After Hawkins' death, May told Variety: "Taylor was very close to [Queen], he’s been in my studio a few times. In my life, I talk to him often. I talked to him just a week ago from when we lost him. We talk about stuff, talking about Dave [Grohl], about what life is like, his joys, frustrations, being in Foo Fighters." He added: "We instantly bonded because Taylor and Pat Smear were the most informed Queen fans, they knew more about us than we did. We were just shocked to find out how much they felt about us." Tickets for Foo Fighters Taylor Hawkins tribute concerts go on sale Friday, June 17.