Barcelona could be forced to sell a string of star players this summer to balance their books. The Catalan giants have been in a dismal financial situation since the COVID-19 pandemic and are desperately trying to get back into the green. According to 90Min, Barca might need to boost their coffers by a staggering £162.5million through players sales and salary cuts. And Express Sport takes a look at five players Premier League sides can raid from Barcelona this summer. Frenkie de Jong Frenkie de Jong has been tipped to sign for Manchester United this summer to link-up with his former Ajax manager Erik ten Hag. The 25-year-old midfielder was instrumental for Ajax when they reached the Champions League semi-finals in 2019 - but has failed to hit the heights expected of him at the Nou Camp. Ten Hag is certainly a manager who knows how to get the best out of the player. And De Jong could fancy trying his luck in the Premier League, where he would no doubt command enormous wages. READ MORE: Paraguay legend unleashes on Jack Grealish after 'talking s***' about Miguel Almiron    Gavi Gavi is a player that Barcelona manager Xavi would unequivocally want to keep in Spain. The midfielder has already made a staggering 46 first-team appearances for Barca, despite the fact he is still just 17 years old. Gavi was a mainstay in the side under Xavi after the legendary midfielder took over from Ronald Koeman last November. But the player’s contract expires next summer. And if the mega-money offers flood in, Barca chiefs could well be tempted to cash in on the youngster. Memphis Depay Memphis Depay joined Barcelona last summer on a free transfer after his contract with Lyon expired. And the forward scored 13 goals in 38 games during his debut campaign in Spain. But following the arrivals of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Ferran Torres and Adama Traore in the winter, Depay struggled for gametime. Arsenal are said to be interested in the 28-year-old Netherlands international. And if the Gunners make a suitable offer, the Catalans might just sanction a move. MORE NEWSLiverpool star Mohamed Salah 'wants Premier League transfer' if he fails to sign new dealTottenham chief Fabio Paratici 'already held January talks' over discreet summer dealLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting     Nico Gonzalez Nico Gonzalez is another young player who appears to have a bright future at the Nou Camp. The 20-year-old came through the club’s academy and has gone on to make 36 first-team appearances. But he wasn’t a regular starter under Xavi and his contract is up in the summer of 2024. Wolves are thought to be interested in the ace - so unless the Barca boss has intentions to make him a key component of the team next season, he could decide to offload him in return for a decent transfer fee. Sergino Dest Sergino Dest is reportedly being eyed by Chelsea. And Barca could decide to cash in on him if Cesar Azpilicueta moves in the opposite direction. Barcelona are set to land Blues defender Andreas Christensen this summer when his contract at Stamford Bridge expires. And their defence for next season is taking shape nicely. Dest was a regular starter for Barca last season. But he was forced to endure spells on the sidelines following a series of injury problems as legendary right-back Dani Alves filled in for the USA international when he returned to the club. And if Xavi thinks he’s got enough cover on the right side of his defence, he could allow Dest to depart. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 