Jeremy Vine hit back at critics of Amanda Owen on his Channel 5 show on Monday as it was revealed the mother of nine had received a “yellow flag” from social services over her parenting. Our Yorkshire Farm showcases Amanda and her family’s life at Ravenseat and Jeremy insisted there was absolutely nothing “unsafe” about The Yorkshire Shepherdess’ parenting style. Discussing the hit show, Jeremy began: “[The children] drive tractors and stuff and I guarantee someone, somewhere has taken exception.” “So she is saying her parenting is unconventional, she has a lot of children…,” broadcaster and psychotherapist Lucy Beresford commented. Interjecting, the host said: “She’s brilliant you’d love her. “But she’s also that kind of parent who wants their children to make mistakes and fall over and experience resilience and develop strengthening of character. Read more: 'Painting it red!' Jeremy Vine and Owen Jones in row over Putin “But it turns out that for some slightly unknown reason it’s been flagged to social services?” Jeremy said: “Well I think they’ve probably seen the children playing on a cliff or something. “If you’re the wrong kind of person watching that programme and you see a child of seven helping the sheep give birth to a lamb you might think that shouldn’t be happening and call social services. “I don’t know what the flag means maybe they’ve just watched the programme. “But there’s nothing unsafe here,” he added. “It’s really odd this thing of blowing the whistle on perfectly innocent other people.” Over the weekend, it emerged Amanda had been contacted by social services. She told Hay Festival of Literature & Arts: “I don’t see myself as a perfect parent. DON'T MISSCaller set to receive £1,200 says Rishi Sunak has been too generous [INSIGHT]Done TOO MUCH!' Vine guest says UK on Greece track with 120% inflation [VIDEO]Owen Jones slammed as he defends union plans to cause rail disruption [INTERVIEW] “I got a yellow flag from social services…I believe there is a happy medium whereby you do let the kids climb trees. “Yes, they haven’t got harnesses on or hard hats,” she continued. “But I believe there are some lessons to be learned that don’t necessarily result in instant death but actually learn your own parameters.” Amanda and her husband Clive Owen share Raven, 21, Reuben, 18, Miles, 15, Edith, 13, Violet, 11, Sidney, 10, Annas, eight, Clemmie, six and Nancy, five. The Channel 5 show came under fire in 2018 over scenes that appeared to breach health and safety regulations. Workers’ union Unite criticised an episode which saw children driving quad bikes without helmets. The union also took aim at children riding in tractors cabs and on trailers without guard-rails and climbing on hay bales. Jeremy Vine airs on Channel 5 on weekdays at 9.15am.