David Harbour returned as Hawkins Sheriff Jim Hopper along with the rest of the all-star cast in the latest, thrilling season of Stranger Things. After fans devoured the seven new episodes of the Netflix smash hit, the film and TV star took to his Instagram with a touching message to Hollywood legend Winona Ryder, who portrays heroic mother Joyce Byers. The Stranger Things star posted an image of Jim and Joyce’s reunion alongside his tribute to his legendary co-star. In the caption, he wrote: “The vital beating heart behind every season of ST is Joyce and Winona Ryder’s stunning performance for the last seven years. “Joyce will save her son, all the Hawkins kids, her old pal Hopper and the withering magnetism of her funky kitchen magnets.” Winona was one of the biggest stars announced to be joining the series when Stranger Things was first released on Netflix in 2016. READ MORE: Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in for Gloria Hunniford The entire cast of adults and adolescents have become major stars in their own right, but Winona’s performance as Joyce has continued to be a standout with each season. David’s co-star became one of the biggest stars in the 1980s and 90s after performances in Beetlejuice, Edward Scissorhands and Heathers. After taking a break from acting, she returned to screens seven years ago for an equally iconic role in the streaming phenomenon. His seven million followers clearly agreed with David’s message, as many of them took to the comments to sing Winona’s praises. IG user @_elevenxeggos_ wrote: “Honestly Joyce Byers is the best Stranger Things character. Everything about her is perfect.” @likeladygodiva replied: “Glad to see that you are still, and will always be, a Winona Ryder stan account.” @diogo_cmn said: “Winona is perfect and always rocks. You too David.” “Joyce is the best character Winona Ryder has ever played,” added @debbiemclinn. DON'T MISS:Our Yorkshire Farm fans devastated as Amanda Owen confirms split [LATEST]Better Call Saul boss addresses clue Kim is still alive [THEORY]The Last Kingdom’s Sigtryggr star admits stunt blunder [INTERVIEW] Although concerned fan @pud_edits said: “This is making me think something bad is gonna happen to her…” Hopefully, both Joyce and Jim make it out of their next fight alive, though there are still two episodes and a whole final season to come before the battle against the Upside Down is truly won. Meanwhile, David has also been sharing some insight into his transformation into the more heavyset Hopper after losing around 60 pounds while filming scenes in the Russian prison. “At the end of season three I told those Duffer bros that we should shoot the flashbacks post ‘death’ cause I was going to lose the weight and there’d be continuity issues,” he said in his latest post.” “But they hadn’t been written yet. Luckily, we had the miraculous @barriegower come in and give me the ‘fuller Hopper’ face. “I hate prosthetics, but Barry/team made it as painless as possible. The results speak for themselves.” (sic) David will be back as Hopper in under a month’s time, and he’ll also be portraying Santa Clause in the upcoming Christmas comedy film, Violent Night. Stranger Things season 4, volume 1 is available to stream on Netflix. Volume 2 will be released on Friday, July 1.