Prime Minister Boris Johnson recently announced a raft of eye-catching housing measures designed to reignite home ownership across England. One amongst them is the extension of his 2020 pledge to “build, build, build”. In a speech in the West Midlands in July 2020, Johnson spoke of his commitment to “Build back better, build back greener, build back faster”. This time around too, the Prime Minister wants to encourage the construction of more “flat-pack” homes to help ease the housing crisis. Could modular homes be the answer to Britain’s housing crisis? Will this quick fix give Brits the forever home they dream of? The massive spike in search of flat-pack homes certainly seems to suggest so. Since the announcement, Brits are flocking online to find out more, with searches for the ‘price of flat-pack homes’ showing a 140 percent spike over the last week. The appeal of a cheaper yet sustainable brand-new house that you can move into in just a few days is indisputable. But, despite Brits rushing to learn more about this housing solution and how much it might cost, will these modular homes live up to the forever home they’ve always dreamt of? READ MORE: Property tips: 3 room transformations guaranteed to 'add most value' Flat-pack homes, or modular homes, are cheap, easy-to-build housing solutions. Boasting a range of energy-efficient characteristics and easy to personalise, homeowners can tailor the flooring, kitchen or bathrooms to suit their taste for an additional cost. A recent study carried out by Safestyle UK uncovered what Brits are looking for from their ‘forever home’. The feature that came out on top was a garage, with almost 60 percent stating that this would be a deciding factor when purchasing a property. A family room (51 percent), a walk-in closet (42 percent) and a home office (39 percent) followed, respectively. Location was also an important aspect, with nearly a quarter (43 percent) of people preferring their forever home to be situated in the countryside. A further 29 percent would like to be beside the seaside, whereas 20 percent don't necessarily have a location in mind and would simply like to take advantage of lower house prices anywhere. Martin Troughton, Marketing Director at Safestyle UK comments: “Considering that over a quarter (27 percent) of our first homes are renovation projects, it seems that the key to making a house a home’ is personalisation. “Personalisation allows us to cherry-pick our favourite features of a home to create somewhere we can see ourselves in forever. It’s the different bits of inspiration you take from places you’ve been and want to replicate for your own property. “It will be interesting to see if modular construction and flat-pack homes take off as a popular choice, given their standardised appearance.”