Novak Djokovic has been announced as the latest addition to next week's exhibition at the Hurlingham Club after Rafael Nadal confirmed he would play two matches at the event ahead of Wimbledon. Emma Raducanu and Andy Murray could also still announce their participation at The Giorgio Armani Tennis Classic to get some more time on the surface following their recent injuries. Djokovic and Nadal have been added to the line up for next week's exhibition event at London's Hurlingham Club ahead of Wimbledon. The Spaniard confirmed earlier on Friday that he intended to return to SW19 for the first time in three years and would be playing a couple of exhibition matches at the prestigious Fulham club. Defending Wimbledon champion Djokovic has now joined his rival in entering the event, where he will appear at the Tennis Classic for the first time in his career. It will be his first match since crashing out of the French Open to Nadal in the quarter-finals. And the lineup could be set to get even stronger, with Brits Raducanu and Murray toying with the idea of playing their own exhibition matches at the club following their respective injury woes. The WTA world No 11 has spent just 33 minutes on the surface so far this season, retiring injured seven games into her Nottingham Open match earlier this month. JUST IN: Federer and Nadal Laver Cup opponents confirmed as top-20 trio picked  The US Open champion first claimed she would be playing next week's Rothesay International in Eastbourne but is yet to request a wildcard from the tournament, having until 4pm today to do so. It is believed her team are keen not to rush her back to competition so she will likely skip the WTA 500 event but could play an exhibition match at the Hurlingham Club to add to the half an hour she has spent on a grass court ahead of her home Grand Slam tournament. Meanwhile, Murray was forced to withdraw from Queen's when a scan showed he had suffered an abdominal strain after struggling to serve in the third set of his Stuttgart final defeat to Berrettini, but has not ruled out playing an exhibition match next week to get some more competitive play on the surface ahead of Wimbledon. DON'T MISSFederer told to forget about Connors record or winning Wimbledon againEmma Raducanu and Rafael Nadal inspire Ryan Peniston in 'best week'Djokovic warned of 'fatal mistake' in brutal putdown after Nadal claim  Nadal said he would be keen to see how his foot improved after continuing his grass court preparations in London after spending the last week practising at the Mallorca Country Club. "I will travel to London, play two matches there before the tournament and follow my normal schedule to prepare for Wimbledon," he said in Friday's press conference. "Who knows what can happen in a couple of days -- if the situation changes or something more negative (happens), there will be a moment to explain. But I am excited to travel to Wimbledon and to play for the first time in three years." 