Searches for DIY skincare have seen a boom - with over 200k posts using #DIYSkincare and over 17k posts using #DIYSkincarerecipes on Instagram - it’s clear everyone wants a glowing, radiant complexion. However, some of the tips featured, and more worryingly, the ones that get the most traction can actually do more harm than good. The juggernaut of social media does bring a lot of positives. Instantaneous answers, global perspectives, and enhanced connectivity. However, with such a boundless platform also comes myths and deception and when it comes to skincare, you’ll want to be near certain the items you use won’t be detrimental to your health. But skincare myths don’t just stop at being potentially damaging to your skin; they can also be damaging to society as a whole. Dr Toni Phillips, group clinical director at DestinationSkin, told Express.co.uk: “The trend of using lemon juice to lighten skin tone and reduce pigmentation not only damages skin significantly but also gives roots to the idea that you need clear, light skin to be considered beautiful by the internet. It is super important to do your research before starting any new skin treatments or products. And to work out the perfect formula for you, many factors need to be taken into consideration.  READ MORE: 18 best face sunscreens that offer non-greasy SPF protection  Dr Phillips said: “What type of skin do you have? Do you have any skin conditions? Do you have any allergies? Should those two products mix into the same routine? “There are a number of things to consider before commencing treatment of any kind. Explore all that Google has to offer, but be sure to check if the information is dermatologist approved or backed by scientific research to avoid a disaster that will leave you more than red in the face.” While there are a few simple starting points to be done at home, such as drinking more water to boost skin moisture, it’s pivotal to trust and follow the experts when it comes to applying anything to your face. Be it to reduce fine lines, cure acne, or reduce blemishes, experts at DestinationSkin have separated the fact from fiction to ensure your glow-up doesn’t result in disaster. Certain Alcohols, fragrances and essential oils should be avoided.  Certain alcohols, like solvents, can cause irritation and lead to pigmentation. Long-term use of certain fragrances and essential oils have also been shown to cause contact dermatitis (a type of eczema) [link]. Corine Treacy, DestinationSkin training manager said: “One cause of ageing is chronic inflammation and irritation in our skin. “Products that contain fragrance are very irritating and bad for your skin, so I would recommend avoiding creams that contain scents.” According to the DestinationSkin experts, using lemon juice for skin lightening or to treat pigmentation is the worst remedy. Ms Treacy said: “Lemon has a really low PH and can disrupt and weaken the skin's natural barrier. "Putting pure lemon juice on the skin can also cause extreme irritation, which ironically can lead to pigmentation, not treat it.” DON'T MISS: Amanda Holden's go-to beauty products to keep her skin looking younger [INSIGHT]Flying can wreak havoc on the skin: How to survive it [EXPLAINED]How to heal the gut for younger, better skin today [ANALYSIS]     Apple Cider Vinegar for acne and pigmentation can actually cause substantial irritation – for the same reasons as lemon juice. Dr Phillips said: “Apple Cider Vinegar has not been researched enough to be deemed safe for use on the skin.” Best everyday item One key item which will boost your skin you might be able to find in your cupboard - green tea bags. Dr Phillips said: “Put cooled green tea in a spray bottle. It can be used for anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties, and can even be used as a toner before moisturising.” Dr Phillips said: “Absolutely NOT! It’s formulated for your teeth, not for your skin. Toothpaste contains ingredients that can damage your skin.  “It also has a high PH of around nine, which is far too alkaline for our skin's barrier.” Do cucumber or cold tea bags actually help with under-eye skin? Cucumber and cold tea bags have a temporary effect to reduce puffiness and irritation under the eyes, but according to DestinationSkin experts, there have not been enough clinical trials to support that this actually works. Dr Phillips said: “The neck, chest, ears and backs of our hands. The skin in these areas can be thin, just like the face - these areas should be treated like the skin on our face.” So, when carrying out your daily skincare routine, it’s important not to forget these areas in the method for the best all-around results.  Dr Phillips said: “I believe the key to achieving healthy-looking skin is having a good, consistent skincare regime - using Vitamins A, B, C and E, and SPF every day. “Equally, making sure you have a good diet for gut health, which can influence skin health. “My secret skin weapon is Vitamin A, a gold standard ingredient that can be used on all skin types and nearly all skin conditions. Personally, I use it for anti-ageing and pigmentation. “Add regular exercise to increase blood flow to the skin and you have a balanced, achievable formula without any DIY disasters!” Dr Phillips added: "If you're not sure what is right for you, I would always recommend visiting a skin specialist, like us, at one of our clinics, for a professional consultation. “These will usually include a skin examination, patch test, and pre-treatment advice to ensure any products or routines prescribed are absolutely right for you and your skin - and will be as beneficial as possible.” 