The payment is one of several Government support schemes to help families struggling to cover essential bills. Households in bands A to D are eligible for the money, which accounts for some 80 percent of people in the country. The Government website has a tool for Britons to check which council tax band they fall into. There is no need to apply for the rebate, with the payments to be processed by district councils. Local authorities will pay the council tax rebates directly to individuals and will not be deducted from their final bill. If a household is eligible and council tax is usually paid by direct debit, the payment will be made to the direct debit bank account. READ MORE: Retirement and me: Mum torn between 'selling house or withdrawing pension early' to get by For those who do not have a direct debit set up, councils will contact residents with details of how to claim the rebate. Many councils have set up a form where people without a direct debit can request the rebate. Others are offering vouchers that can be redeemed at the post office, or a cheque that can be sent in the post. Each household will get one £150 payment, with a household defined as a person or group of people living in a property that gets a separate council tax bill. DON'T MISSPensioners could boost their state pension by up to £55,000 [REPORT]State pension income tax shock – triple lock hike tax trap [INSIGHT]National Insurance alert: Carers could lose full state pension payment [ANALYSIS] Many councils have put instructions and advice on their websites about how to claim it and when people could expect the payments. Technical issues have delayed some of the payments, which were originally to be made in April. Britons have been advised that in some cases it could take up to six months for the cash to be paid. Those who live in council tax brackets E to H are not eligible for the rebate but could receive other support. READ MORE: Struggling with debts? Expert explains how to manage debt as interest rates rise The Council Tax Discretionary Relief is on offer for those who are unable to pay their bill due to exceptional circumstances. Many councils have already delivered the rebate to residents. People on Universal Credit will get the first instalment of a £650 one-off payment to help with the cost of living, from July 14. This support will also go out to people on Income-based Jobseeker’s Allowance, Income-related Employment and Support Allowance, Income Support, Working Tax Credit and Child Tax Credit. There is no need to apply for these payments as they should be made automatically. Pensioners may receive an extra £300 this winter to help with the cost of living crisis. An additional £300 will be given in support to more than eight million pensioner households in the coming months. Households are witnessing an annual average energy bill hike of £693, with costs expected to hit £2,800 by October.