Newcastle have reportedly held talks with Leeds officials over the possibility of signing their winger Raphinha this summer. And the Magpies’ interest could complicate matters for Chelsea, Arsenal and Tottenham, who are also keen to land the Brazil international over the course of the summer transfer window. Raphinha moved to Elland Road in 2020 for £20million after Leeds won promotion to the Premier League under Marcelo Bielsa. The Brazil star has taken English football by storm over the last two years as he’s wreaked havoc on opposition defences amid a string of stellar displays. That has caught the attention of some of Europe's biggest clubs, including Barcelona and a whole host of Premier League sides. But after talks for Bayer Leverkusen star Moussa Diaby came to a halt for Newcastle, the Magpies could make a move for Raphinha, according to the Northern Echo - with talks being held with Leeds chiefs. The report states that Newcastle are waiting to see how other negotiations with Raphinha progress before deciding whether to make a move for the former Rennes winger. Having had four priorities before the window in a goalkeeper, centre-back, striker and a winger, two of those have been ticked off with the arrival of Nick Pope and the imminent acquisition of Sven Botman. READ MORE: Glazers face fresh Man Utd anger with protest at Ten Hag's first game That leaves club chiefs focused entirely on a bid for the attacking contingent, with Raphinha set to leave the Yorkshire club thanks to his excellent output for Jesse Marsch's men. Dan Ashworth and his transfer team are refusing to pay the £45m quoted for Diaby, although Leeds value Raphinha at £65m which could make a deal hard to pursue. And with Kalvin Phillips' impending £45m move to Manchester City, Leeds now have cash in abundance - which is even more of a bargaining tool than they've had so far this summer. Newcastle would reportedly look to settle on a deal worth around £40m, although that is almost half of Leeds' full valuation of the Porto Alegre-born hero. However, if they increase their offer, it could make Chelsea, Arsenal and Tottenham sweat if one of their main transfer targets makes his way up to Tyneside. Leverkusen chief Simon Rolfes stated the importance of keeping Diaby, a move which has forced Newcastle's focus to turn to Raphinha. JUST IN: Chelsea poised for shock Cristiano Ronaldo swoop “We want to keep Moussa for as long as possible,” Rolfes declared. “I know a lot of scouts have been sitting on our tribune during our matches because we have a lot of interesting, exciting young players with high potential. “It is always the same, we do not have any offers for him, but we are not looking for that at the moment. We would like to keep him, and for him to play with us next season in the Champions League.”