Ukrainian troop leader Viktor Pokropyvayi stated that his troops are better trained than the occupying force, which has been littered with reports of low morale. He told the Times: “We cannot compete in terms of equipment but our forces are better trained and are more determined than the invaders.  “We would have already won this war if we had better and bigger equipment. We need our allies to provide us with more weapons so that we can defeat the Russians.” Andriy Bystrik, the spokesman for the Ukrainian military in the area around Zaporizhzhia, reiterated the point that without more supplies of heavy weapons from the West, the Ukrainian forces will find it difficult to push the Russians back far enough. He said: “We are being outgunned, there is no doubt about that, but with more weapons the direction of the war would change very quickly. “We need everything. Even our military vehicles are really private cars and vans people used in civilian life before the war, but what we really need now is more tanks, more artillery and more shells.”   Meanwhile, a senior Ukrainian presidential aide has told the BBC that between 100 and 200 Ukrainian troops are being killed on the front line every day. Mykhaylo Podolyak said Ukraine needed hundreds of Western artillery systems to level the playing field with Russia in the eastern Donbas region. He also said Kyiv is not ready to resume peace talks with Moscow. Mr Podolyak said: “The Russian forces have thrown pretty much everything non-nuclear at the front and that includes heavy artillery, multiple rocket launch systems and aviation.” READ MORE: Vladimir Putin sends chilling threat to Sweden with emperor comparison  Ukrainian troops are under relentless bombardment as Russian forces attempt to take control of the whole of Donbas. Russian forces have concentrated their assault on the city of Severodonetsk. On Wednesday, Mr Zelensky said “the fate of the Donbas is being decided there” and officials said it has been reduced to rubble by intense Russian artillery and missile barrages. In addition to the frontline fighting, two Britons and a Moroccan man who fought for Ukraine's armed forces were sentenced to death on Thursday by an unrecognised court in the so-called Donetsk People's Republic. DON'T MISS:‘I'm not joking!’ Erdogan warning to GreecePutin health questioned after bizarre TV appearance Audience bursts out laughing as Tory MP talks of petrol price cut