Liverpool have reportedly made an approach for Aberdeen youngster Calvin Ramsay as they look to strengthen their squad over the summer ahead of the imminent signing of Darwin Nunez. The Reds have been backed to improve their front line this year given that long-serving star Sadio Mane looks increasingly likely to join Bayern Munich. The Senegalese star is allegedly set to be replaced by Benfica's young Uruguayan star Nunez, who has set Portugal and the Champions League alight with a string of impressive performances. But not much has been said about Liverpool's defensive imports, with the Anfield-based club boasting some of the most impressive recruitment in that department over the last few years. However according to Sky, some form of reinforcement is aiming to be made - with talks for Aberdeen youngster Ramsay hotting up with an approach being made. The Reds have supposedly made a £4million bid for the Scot, with add-ons that may see the total bid reach £6m. The deal would smash Aberdeen's transfer sale record if completed, with the £3m that Scott McKenna joined Nottingham Forest for two years ago currently standing as their highest fee received. The 18-year-old has already featured heavily for the Highland side, making 39 senior appearances in just over a year at the age of 18. Most likely regarded as the understudy to Trent Alexander-Arnold, a move would show just how much trust Jurgen Klopp would put in the star given his reliance on Alexander-Arnold in his current system. Neco Williams is set to join another Premier League club permanently for a fee of around £12million after a superb season on loan at Fulham last year. It would free up a spot at right-back, where Alexander-Arnold has shone for the last four years. And by replacing the Welshman with a player who has drawn interest from clubs in England, Germany and Italy, it would represent yet another smart piece of business from the club. Recently sacked Aberdeen manager Stephen Glass claimed it would take a huge bid to prise Pittodrie's prized asset from their clutches back in January. "The board and chairman have a strong resolve that we don't want to lose players that would really weaken us late in the window,” he said to The Scotsman. "Unless a team comes and puts ridiculous sums on the table. I don't decide when they get to a certain number this is happening, this is not happening. "I think people that are going to put the right numbers down would do it early enough. They've done their homework early I presume and they know the resolve at the club is there."