Naga Munchetty, 47, praised last night’s BBC Platinum Party At The Palace event as they aired a very special segment featuring Queen Elizabeth II enjoying a marmalade sandwich alongside the fictional character Paddington Bear. Unfortunately, Her Majesty was unable to attend the celebratory concert in person, but that did not stop her from stealing the show in a pre-recorded video featuring her CGI co-star. Just as she did at the 2012 London Olympics when she appeared with Daniel Craig’s James Bond, the Queen proved a good sport as she acted alongside the bear, voiced by Ben Whishaw, who joined her at Buckingham Palace for afternoon tea. After patiently tolerating a tea-slurping Paddington, who in typical slapstick fashion covers a footman in cream from a pastry, the Queen reveals that she has stashed a marmalade sandwich in the royal handbag: “I keep mine in here, for later,” she confides to Paddington. In response to the sketch, Naga typed: “Well. Yes. Absolutely perfect.” Many of her followers agreed, including @Parsons593Ian who typed: “Absolutely had me in tears. What a complete and utter joy.” READ MORE: Anita Rani's passionate defence of Meghan and Harry's exit @Oldpanks commented: “Highlight of the weekend!” @SteveHyett typed: “Nothing can top that.” The Queen did not watch the Platinum Party At The Palace in person, however, and the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were also not in the royal box. The 96-year-old monarch has been experiencing mobility problems in recent months and also pulled out of Friday's thanksgiving service and missed the Derby at Epsom earlier on Saturday. A Buckingham Palace statement said: "While the Queen may not be attending the concert in person, she was very keen that people understood how much it meant to her and that all those watching had a great time." In the short film, the Queen and Paddington tapped their tea cups to the beat of Queen's We Will Rock You as the regally-themed band, with their US singer Adam Lambert, began performing the hit, accompanied by 34 Royal Marine drummers. Guitarist Brian May appeared on the Victoria Memorial monument, 20 years after he famously performed on the palace roof for the Golden Jubilee concert. The Queen’s favourite songs predate the rock era. A playlist of her top 10, released to mark her 90th birthday in 2016, included Dame Vera Lynn's White Cliffs of Dover and Fred Astaire's Cheek to Cheek alongside hymns and songs from musical theatre. DONT MISS:'Remembering Diana' Royal fans compare Elton John Jubilee performan... (PHOTOS)Geri Halliwell sparks concern for 'weird' appearance at Platinum Party (NEWS)Sam Ryder leaves fans stunned at Platinum Jubilee concert (LATEST) In a nod to her taste, Andrea Bocelli sang Nessun Dorma and Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber played a medley of theatre hits. The event included speeches from the Duke of Cambridge and the Prince of Wales, who joked that his mother was "watching the celebrations with much emotion, having I hope finished her marmalade sandwich". Sir Rod Stewart, Craig David, Duran Duran, Alicia Keys, Andrea Bocelli and Elbow were among the other artists who took to three stages built outside the palace, with the show closed by Diana Ross in her first UK performance in 15 years Sir Rod sang his 1983 hit Baby Jane and members of the Royal Family waved flags and sang along as he performed Neil Diamond's crowd-pleasing Sweet Caroline. The rock legend was accompanied by three backing singers wearing red, white and blue dresses, while Sam Ryder, who recently came second for the UK at the Eurovision Song Contest, performed in a diamante union jack suit. George Ezra performed his hit Green Green Grass, but omitted the final line of its chorus to say "you better throw a party" instead of the usual "you better throw a party on the day that I die". Other current pop stars on the bill included Mimi Webb, Celeste and Jax Jones. A crowd of about 22,000 watched the concert in person, plus millions more on TV. 