Carers Allowance is one of the main welfare benefits to help carers in the UK and is provided by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). To claim the support, people need to be 16 years of age or over, not in full-time education, and spend at least 35 hours a week caring for a disabled person. The allowance gives a person £69.70 a week which can be used in whatever way they want or need to. A person must also not earn more than £132 a week from employment or self-employment, this is after deductions for income tax, National Insurance and for pensions. The support payments could be stopped though, if the carer claims certain other benefits. This is because of the ‘overlapping benefits’ rules. This means that if a person is getting more than the amount of Carer’s Allowance from another benefit, then they cannot be paid Carer’s Allowance. It includes the state pension, contributory Employment and Support Allowance, Incapacity Benefit and Maternity Allowance. READ MORE: ‘It’s free money!’ Britons urged to act now to slash tax by thousands People also cannot claim if they receive Bereavement or widow’s benefits, Severe Disablement Allowance, or contribution-based Jobseeker’s Allowance. However, they can still claim an "underlying entitlement" to Carer’s Allowance. To claim this, people will need to meet all the conditions for Carers Allowance and then apply for the support. They will then send a letter from the DWP confirming their underlying entitlement to Carer’s Allowance.  If the carer claims Working Tax Credit or Child Tax Credit then they must contact HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) to tell them about the allowance claim. If a person is on the state pension, they can still claim part of Carers Allowance if their pension is below the £69.70 a week. If a person receives £50 a week for their pension, they can then receive £19.70 in Carers Allowance. If their state pension is over the Carers Allowance, then people cannot claim the support. However, Carers UK states that it is worth making a claim as people could be eligible to receive underlying entitlement. The rules say that the person being cared for must, at least, claim one “qualifying benefit” for the carer to be eligible.  READ MORE: Triple lock reinstated: How much will you get in state pension boost? These include Attendance Allowance, Constant Attendance Allowance, the care component of Disability Living Allowance at the middle or highest rate, and the daily living component of Personal Independence Payment at either rate or the Armed Forces Independence Payment. Carers can only claim for the allowance once which means they cannot claim twice if they care for more than one person. It also says that if someone else also cares for the same person, then only one of the carers can claim the allowance. To make a claim, a person will need their bank or building society details, their employment details and the latest payslip if they're working, or if they have finished work they must also have their P45.  Carers will also need to provide details about their expenses such as pension contributions or costs of caring for children or the disabled person whilst they work. Those who are studying must also provide their course details. The rules say that a person does not have to be related to or live with the person they care for to claim Carer's Allowance. The DWP estimates that around half a million people in the UK are caring for someone but are not claiming Carers Allowance. If people are eligible, they could receive an extra £3,624 a year to their household budget. It's important to be aware that Carer’s Allowance can affect the other benefits that the person being cared for get.