Steffi Graf's 1988 victory, that was part of her Grand Slam year, and Cliff Richard performing “Singin' in the Rain” on Centre Court during a 1996 rain delay, also featured in the list. The study of 1,000 tennis fans found over two-thirds (68 percent) consider Wimbledon to be the sport’s best tournament, with eight in ten following Wimbledon more than any other competition in the sport. Fans fondly remember the longest ever tennis match (11 hours) between John Isner and Nicolas Mahut in 2010, and Jana Novotná being consoled by the Duchess of Kent after losing the final in 1993. It emerged that more than three-quarters (77 percent) of tennis fans think Wimbledon “has a special place in their hearts” after so many iconic events. A spokesman for Lottoland.co.uk, which commissioned the study ahead of its Sportsbook 4:1 offer on favourites Novak Djokovic and Iga Świątek, said: “Wimbledon is the most famous date in the tennis calendar for good reason. “As the results have shown, it is a competition full of top moments – some to do with tennis, but others that focus on the iconic atmosphere the competition brings.” The main things people love about Wimbledon is the quality of the sport, seeing the world’s best players compete against each other, and how the nation comes together to support the British competitors. And 17 percent even like celebrity spotting during the tournament – with Prince William, the Duchess of Cornwall, Tom Cruise, and David Beckham named as the famous people those polled would like to see in the crowd the most. Andy Murray, Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal topped the list of favourite men’s singles winners, while seven in ten supported Tim Henman when the term “Henmania” was coined for the occasion. And Steffi Graf, Serena Williams, and Martina Navratilova were the female favourites. Tennis fans would spend an average of £95 on tickets to the sought-after final, with Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal tipped to be the winners of the men’s clash this year, and Serena Williams and Emma Raducanu for the women’s. The spokesman from Lottoland added: “As the results show, there’s something very special about Wimbledon and its hold over the British public. “It seems whether you’re an all-year fan of tennis or a one-time watcher, we’re all equally mesmerized by the finals each year.” To see the odds on your favourite stars, visit here. TOP 20 WIMBLEDON MOMENTS: