However, contrast that with what happens here in the UK, with child traffickers and rapists - two have been released halfway through their sentences and can't be deported because of their human rights to family life. Rapist and child groomer Adil Khan says his son needs him to stay to be "a role model". In Britain it appears we have a whole raft of human rights legislation for vile criminals, yet their human wrongs are not matched by the justice their sick crimes deserve. Nicola Sturgeon is raising the issue of independence again and intends to ignoreWestminster's right to veto such action, says Capt John Borer (retired), from Cuxton, Kent. Those who live in Scotland should vote in council and general elections but as for independence, all Scots should have a say. I was born, registered and baptised in Scotland and I feel strongly I should have a say. From age 16, I served in the British Army for 35 years, and settled (with the MoD) in Kent, the place of my last posting - but I am still Scottish. Boris Johnson should insist all Scots vote, and then you'll see how unpopular Sturgeon's proposal is. Doctors are proposing industrial action. Pre-pandemic you could visit your surgery, see your doctor and be out in 10 minutes, says Julie Forrow, from Dawlish, Devon. Now you have to go online, set up cameras, not so simple for some patients, just so the doctor can communicate with you. In the time it takes the doctor to see one patient online they could have seen more patients in surgery. They are well paid.What's the big difference between now and then? To all the various industries or groups that are demanding higher salaries. Stop and look at your selfish selves. Train drivers and GPs are already on inflated salaries, says Suzi White, from Taunton, Somerset. Do you not know there's a war going on and before long if drastic measures are not taken, the world may be in it, not just Ukraine. Pensioners aren't on strike. They live on £1,000 per month.Why can't you live on thhree to four times as much?