John McEnroe joked that he has been “having trouble sleeping” at Wimbledon following the news that BBC presenter Sue Barker will retire after this year’s tournament. The 66-year-old decided that this will be her last year as the face of the BBC’s broadcast, after a 30-year-long association with the event. McEnroe pleaded with Barker on the competition’s opening day for her to stay on, and as they were previewing Emma Raducanu’s second-round match with Caroline Garcia alongside Jo Konta, who in May revealed that she is pregnant with her first child, revealed he has been struggling with her departure. “First can I offer my congratulations to this young lady [Konta],” McEnroe said during the BBC broadcast. “Incredible, awesome. After the depressing news that Sue [Barker] was retiring I was having trouble sleeping, but unreal. Now I am going to sleep well.” McEnroe previously called Barker’s exit “disturbing news” after Novak Djokovic’s first-round win on Monday. “Is it possibly true that this is your last Wimbledon? Are you kidding? You are an icon here,” he said. "We all agreed we would only go as long as you can," McEnroe added. "Now you have put the pressure on us! What is going to happen next? [Tim] Henman are we going to have a tournament next year?" JUST IN: Novak Djokovic was branded 'a joke' by Roger Federer in huge feud Henman replied: "I am not sure, I think Sue said 30 years working with you [McEnroe] she's not sure she could carry on. We need to debate it." Barker announced at the start of the month that she would be stepping down from her Wimbledon role. “What a wonderful time I’ve had working on some of the biggest sporting events around the world,” the former French Open winner said in a statement. “I will miss it terribly but after 30 years I feel the time is right for me. I’ve worked with the best of the best.” DON'T MISS  Barker won 11 WTA Tour singles titles during her playing days and remains the last British woman to win at Roland-Garros, her only Grand Slam triumph which she claimed in 1976 at age 20. After retiring in 1984 due to persistent injuries, she became the first woman to be the lead presenter for a major sporting event on the BBC, before going on to cover events including the Olympic Games, Commonwealth Games, the London Marathon, the Grand National and Royal Ascot. The pair controversially sent a message to Boris Becker, who Barker and McEnroe worked with during the BBC’s coverage of Wimbledon last year. Becker was jailed for two-and-a-half years after he was found guilty of four charges under the Insolvency Act in April and later sentenced to prison. "Boris, we love you," McEnroe said. "We miss you, man." To which Barker added: "We do indeed."