Prince Charles, the future head of the Commonwealth, said the process can happen “calmly and without rancour”. He addressed leaders at the opening ceremony of the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in Kigali, Rwanda. The Prince of Wales said on Friday, June 24: “The Commonwealth contains within it, countries that have had constitutional relationships with my family, some that continue to do so, and increasingly those that have had none. READ MORE: Queen health update: Monarch dispels concerns as she travels to Scotland in major boost “I want to say clearly, as I have said before, that each member's Constitutional arrangement, as republic or monarchy, is purely a matter for each member country to decide. “The benefit of long life brings me the experience that arrangements such as these can change, calmly and without rancour.” He added: “We should never forget the things which do not change: the close and trusted partnership between Commonwealth members; our common values and shared goals; and, perhaps most importantly, the strong and enduring connections between the peoples of the Commonwealth which strengthen us all.” His acknowledgement is thought to represent an awareness of several nations suggesting that they will replace the British Monarchy with their own heads of state. Barbados made the historic move to replace the Queen as head of state in November last year and elected its first president. Charles attended the handover ceremony as a guest of honour which saw Barbados become a republic nearly 400 years after becoming a British colony. Jamaica's Prime Minister Andrew Holness has previously suggested that his country may look to become a republic. Mr Holness said in December last year: “There is no question that Jamaica has to become a republic. “We have to put together a plan to move towards that in a way that is meaningful and substantial in function and form. That is what we are going to do.” After the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s tour of the Caribbean earlier this year, Belize also indicated that it would consider moving to become a republic. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Peacemaker' Kate extends olive branch to Harry in 'frantic' phone call [LIVE BLOG]Kate faces 'game she can never win' in Royal Family which is 'only going to become worse' [ANALYSIS]Meghan REFUSES to give in to criticism as she ploughs ahead with cause close to her heart [UPDATE] Minister for constitutional and political reform Henry Charles Usher told the country’s parliament: “Perhaps it is time for Belize to take the next step in truly owning our independence. But it is a matter that the people of Belize must decide on.” Charles also highlighted that the Commonwealth is a family of equal nations in his speech. He said: “Our Commonwealth family is – and will always remain – a free association of independent self-governing nations. “We meet and talk as equals, sharing our knowledge and experience for the betterment of all citizens of the Commonwealth - and, indeed, the wider world.” So what do YOU think? Should the Royal Family give up trying to keep the Commonwealth? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.