Suzie Fletcher has been part of The Repair Shop family alongside her real-life brother and clock expert Steve Fletcher for the past four years. In the latest episode of the heartwarming BBC series, Suzie is going to be tasked with repairing an old childhood toy. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about Suzie's family life away from the cameras. Suzie and Steve grew up in Oxfordshire but she decided to move Stateside for more than two decades after meeting her husband there. While she has never revealed his identity, it is known that Suzie's husband worked as a heavy-equipment machine operator. She moved to Colorado to be with him but their wedding wasn't exactly a glamorous affair. In fact, the couple tied the knot while she was on her lunch break from work. READ MORE: NCIS Hawaii creator credits Mark Harmon as reason for CBS comeback Suzie told the Relatively podcast:  "I didn't know I was getting married that day either. "So [my husband] said, 'Do you ever think about getting married?' and I said, 'Oh, I don't know,' and he said, 'Well, why don't we go and see what it would take because you're a foreigner?' "So we went to the registry office in Boulder, Colorado and they said, 'Well, you can do this, that or the other, or you can get married now,' and he said, 'Yep. Let's get married now.'" The 60-year-old also described that she was wearing a sports bra, shorts and sneakers during the last-minute ceremony. Despite being married for more than 20 years, Suzie and her husband didn't have any children. She confirmed this to The Times, stating: "I lived with my husband in Colorado for the next 22 years, we never had children, and it was very much a western life, a ranching life. “Me, this English chick, plopped right into America's heartland. You'd see tumbleweed rolling by sometimes." Sadly, it was the death of her husband which brought the leather restoration expert back to the UK. DON'T MISS...Below Deck Sailing Yacht: Fans praise Chef Marcos after his exit  [REACTION]Outlander’s Sam Heughan shares disappointing season 7 update [UPDATE]The Repair Shop's Will Kirk unveils huge life update for BBC show  [CAST] Suzie's beloved husband died of cancer in 2013 and it wasn't too long before she returned to Britain to be close to her family. She previously revealed to the BBC that it was both her husband's death and Steve who convinced her to take part in The Repair Shop. Suzie said that she "jokingly said" about becoming the leather expert in the series to her brother. After some convincing from him, Suzie agreed to join the team and hasn't looked back since. "Every time [Steve] called he looked to be having such a good time I jokingly said, 'If they need anyone to do leather I'm your gal,'" she said. "I really was joking but after several phone calls and a lot of reassurance from Steve, I agreed to give it a go and joined the team." She will be giving the magic touch to a treasured childhood toy in season 10's seventh episode. The description reads: "The final visitors are Peter Newband and his daughter Jackie, with one of Peter’s childhood toys for the attention of leather restoration specialist Susie Fletcher. "Pookie the elephant was crafted from scratch by Peter’s father while he was recuperating in an Iraqi hospital during the Second World War, and it symbolises a father’s love for his son. "It’s an impressive creation, made of what was once brightly coloured leather, but Pookie is now a shadow of his former self and in dire need of Susie’s undivided attention." The Repair Shop continues every Wednesday at 8pm on BBC One.