Others are devoted to their favourite cosmetics, trusted trademark jeans, and most admired beauticians. Women are more loyal than men (63 percent compared to 52 percent), while older generations are more faithful than youngsters today (67 percent of 55-to-64 year-olds, compared to 38 percent of those aged 18-24). A spokesman for Harvey Nichols, which conducted the study and created a “loyalty map” of the UK, said: “Loyalty is a great quality to have. “It is very important for brands to have a loyal customer base, which is why it's valuable to show how much custom is appreciated with the likes of reward schemes. “It is funny how some people can be so committed to a certain brand that they wouldn’t consider an alternative, even if they did end up having a bad experience.” When it comes to friends, respondents look for someone who is trustworthy (57 percent), reliable (55 percent), and loyal (53 percent). But the average person rates themselves as a meagre three out of ten when it comes to their own dependability and devotion. Just under three-quarters (74 percent) own loyalty cards, while 75 percent would class themselves as a repeat customer. The study found people are more likely to remain faithful to a brand if they are given good offers and deals (64 percent), the quality of the products is high (63 percent), and customer service is outstanding (59 percent). A quarter of adults admit they consider points to spend in a store the biggest reward for their loyalty – followed closely by discounts off future purchases (22 percent) and vouchers (20 percent). And over half (51 percent) would be more likely to shop online, or in store at a retailer, if they were offered a loyalty card. On top of this, 70 percent are more likely to return to a store if they were treated like a valued customer. Of those polled, by OnePoll, nearly two-thirds (64 percent) would expect some kind of reward after spending a lot of money with a company. The spokesman added: “It is interesting to see just how much loyalty cards influence a customer returning. “People love to get money off items and, in this current climate, every penny counts. “If a brand you love and shop with all the time offers rewards and benefits, it really is worth taking the opportunity to make the most of it. “You could save a lot of money in the long run on items that you love.” WHERE BRIT LOYALTIES LIE THE MOST: