KSI and Logan Paul believe their friendship will get in the way of a third boxing bout. The YouTubers boxed each other on two occasions, once in 2018 which ended in a draw and then again in 2019 when KSI won on points. There was clearly a lot of bad blood between the pair at the time with their trash-talking press conferences garnering millions of views. But without the added malice, both men are unsure whether they could square off again. Talking during an appearance on Capital’s Evening Show with Jimmy Hill on Tuesday, the YouTube stars weighed in on the potential of a trilogy fight. KSI started: “Yeah, I don’t think it would be the same, I don’t think it would be the same, maybe a good spar here and there but I don’t think it would be as intense as it was with the last few fights.” Before Logan Paul added: “Yeah, it couldn’t be, I think why the fights were so successful is because JJ and I were coming from a truthful place. When we say we didn’t like each other at the time, we really didn’t like each other, and you could feel that through the screen that’s why the fights sold the way they did. “First one we sold out Manchester Arena, second one Staple Centre. First professional matches like ever. You know, we went right to the highest level immediately. I don’t know if we could do that again.” It seems KSI - real name JJ Olatunji - is more interested in facing Logan’s brother Jake Paul. In a video uploaded by Happy Punch, KSI was asked by a fan when he would be fighting Jake, to which he responded: "Probably next year." The fan then replied: "we've been waiting for you to f*** him up" to which KSI responded: "I know, soon, soon." KSI has announced he will be stepping back in the boxing ring this year and hopes it will be against ‘The Problem Child.’ During a recent YouTube video uploaded to his channel, JJ promised to show everyone that he is the greatest YouTube boxer. He said: "I am so excited to get back in the ring and I will show everyone that I am the greatest YouTube boxer and then there will be silence from all of these haters. I have been watching all of these p***** like Jake [Paul] and Austin [McBroom] thinking they are sick, just wait." KSI is currently 1-0 as a professional boxer and 1-0-1 in white-collar boxing. Besides the two fights with Logan, the Brit fought fellow British YouTuber Joe Weller at the Copper Box Arena in London for his first fight. KSI stopped Weller in one minute and 37 seconds of the third round. Listen to the Capital Evening Show with Jimmy Hill, Sunday – Thursday 7pm – 10pm