Members of Parliament and royal experts rounded on the heir to the throne and urged him to remain “politically neutral”. Conservative MP Tom Hunt stressed the Prince of Wales should “be incredibly careful going forward”. One royal expert warned that the Prince’s “habitual meddling” could even threaten the future of the monarchy. In response to the claims, a Clarence House spokesman said: “We would not ­comment on supposed anonymous private conversations with the Prince of Wales, except to restate that he remains politically neutral. Matters of policy are decisions for Government.” It came as it emerged the Government spent £922milion on hotels for asylum ­seekers last year. An Albanian man also claimed on TikTok that he can get migrants from France to London in three hours, seven days a week, by illegally crossing the Channel in boats. A source claimed to have heard Charles, 73, voicing his opposition to the Rwanda migrant plan several times in private, according to reports in The Times. He was said to be “more than disappointed at the policy”. The comments were reported after a High Court ruling paved the way for the first flight to the east African country to go ahead on Tuesday. An appeal against the ruling has been launched. Home Secretary Priti Patel announced the plan in April, in which migrants arriving illegally in the UK will be sent to Rwanda where they can apply for asylum. She hopes this will act as a deterrent to people dangerously crossing the Channel in small dinghies from northern France. More than 10,000 have arrived so far this year. Stuart Anderson, Conservative MP for Wolverhampton South West, said: “I’ve got huge respect for the Royal Family but they should remain politically neutral. If they pick sides – whatever side of a political debate – they will start to put people against them." “The Royal Family, particularly the Queen, is so loved and for Prince Charles to have political opinions... I believe that they would be best kept to himself.” Charles’s reported comments came after the Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby used his Easter Sunday sermon to claim the Rwanda plan went against Christian values. Tom Hunt, Tory MP for Ipswich, said: “I think it’s just very frustrating that we are ­seeing (these comments) from members of the elite – whether that’s the head of the Church of England or in this case Prince Charles – who quite frankly do not have to live with the consequences of open borders, do not have to live with the consequences of uncontrolled immigration and therefore clearly do not have any concerns about it." “My advice to Prince Charles would be to be incredibly careful going forward.” Royal author Margaret Holder said Charles has a history of “habitual meddling” that could threaten the future of the mon­archy if he becomes the king. She said: “The Queen has remained impartial in her 70 years on the throne and that is what Charles should be too, especially as he may come to the throne in the next few years." “The consequence of his habitual meddling in political matters could be a rise in republicanism after the Queen goes." “No wonder some monarchists want to skip a generation, for the throne to pass to William, who limits his campaigning to the environment, mental health, homelessness.” Former BBC royal correspondent Michael Cole added: “If he did make the offending remark then he needs to learn to keep his opinions to himself in front of people he can’t completely trust." “Either way, it’s a potential diplomatic mess in which Her Majesty might feel she has to privately intervene before hostilities are ramped-up.” Former BBC royal correspondent Peter Hunt said there is a risk of “an opinionated prince morphing into a meddlesome king”. He added: “A man ­teetering on the edge of inheriting a unifying role as Head of the Nation has entered a divisive debate firmly on the side of Boris Johnson’s opponents." “One day those occupying the roles of Prime Minister and Home Secretary will be devising immigration policy as members of His Majesty’s Government.” Conservative MP for Dudley North Marco Longhi said: “I think those who comment against the Rwanda plan completely miss the point, which is that we need to remove the incentives and reduce that strong magnet the UK provides for attracting people to come." Because if people want to come they will use these criminal people traffickers and put themselves in significant danger, not just when they come to cross the Channel but also when they make a long journey from their place of origin to Calais. “We need to remove the incentives to make that difficult journey, and work with other countries to find ways of incentivising people to stay in their own country. It is a policy that will save lives.” But Ashfield Conservative MP Lee Anderson said the future king is entitled to his opinion. He said: “Just because he’s a prince and heir to the throne, it doesn’t mean he’s not entitled to an opinion. I happen to think he’s wrong. This is about saving lives and ­putting an end to people smugglers.” Royal commentator Jennie Bond told GB News “compassionate” Charles was right to hit out at the Rwanda policy, adding he was likely to have known his views would become public. Speaking to Alastair Stewart, she said: “He’s a compassionate man. He’s a ­deep-thinking, philosophical man and I think he feels the policy is appalling.” It came as it emerged that the Government spent nearly a billion pounds on hotels for asylum seekers last year. There were 48,540 asylum applications relating to 56,495 people in the UK in 2021. This is 63 percent more than the previous year and the highest number for almost two decades Bold headlines about Charles’s views are nothing new. He has a record of meddling in matters such as education, medicine, architecture and planning. Charles is not careful about spreading his often controversial observations or lobbying politicians. In the past, he showered ministers with letters nicknamed “black spider memos” because of his scrawled handwriting. As he visits Rwanda this month for the Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting, the timing of his remarks is less than diplomatic. He may not have the support of some of the public who are alarmed by illegal cross-Channel human trafficking and concerned about the impact on services by an overall level of asylum/immigration that cannot be sustained. Some will question why Charles can’t house asylum seekers in his many properties. The Queen has largely remained impartial in her 70 years on the throne and that is what Charles should be too. He may not have the support of some of the public who are alarmed by illegal cross-Channel human trafficking and concerned about the impact on services by an overall level of asylum/immigration that cannot be sustained. Some will question why Charles can’t house asylum seekers in his many properties. The Queen has largely remained impartial in her 70 years on the throne and that is what Charles should be too.