Nick Kyrgios feels as though he doesn't get the respect he deserves after his scintillating win over Filip Krajinovic to set up a third-round match with Stefanos Tsitsipas. Kyrgios started off his Wimbledon campaign with a turbulent performance against Britain's Paul Jubb, where he appeared to be distracted by fans overstepping the mark.   He needed all five sets to get past the qualifer and progress to the next round, but it was a different match entirely against Serbia's Krajinovic. The 27-year-old was locked in from the very first game and immediately broke his opponent. Kyrgios would not drop a single point on his own serve until midway through the second set, winning the first in just under 30 minutes. The second followed a similar fashion and Krajinovic looked devoid of any motivation to mount a comeback in the third. The match was wrapped up in just 84 minutes to reassert Kyrgios' potential of winning a Grand Slam. Speaking on court afterwards, Kyrgios admitted that he feels Wimbledon is his best chance of winning a major title. Playing like that, it's hard to argue many players can beat him with Tsitsipas up next. But he also made a point on court that he wanted to remind everyone about his talents. The Aussie clarified on his comments further in his press conference, taking aim at those not putting enough respect on his name. "Well, I didn't want to remind people that I'm good; I know that I'm good," he said. "I just feel like people just don't give me the respect sometimes because of other things that I do. "There was just nothing the media possibly could tell me I did wrong today. I just know that you can't possibly ask me anything and stir anything up. "And I love it because then you can't write anything. What are you going to say? Nothing today. Dumbfounded all of you."  Reflecting on his first round struggles, Kyrgios added: "I guess just from a personal performance standpoint, my performance in my first round was just not where I wanted to be, especially with the way I've been playing and the way I've been training, the hard work I've been doing. I was pretty disappointed in my performance in the first round. "Then obviously the media's disrespect and just everything, it was just kind of a reminder to put you all back in your place from the performance today. He made finals at Queen's, top 30 in the world, seeded. It's a gentle reminder."