During a video posted 13 days ago on The Ramsey Show - Highlights YouTube channel, Malcolm, 56, called in to ask the money expert if there was any point drawing from his pension in the next year as inflation continues to increase. In the US, inflation is currently 8.6 percent. Malcolm explained that he had lived “pretty frugal” all of his life and has been able to save $1.2million (around £990,000) in his nest egg through workplace and private pensions. He wanted to retire in the next few years but with the way the economy is at the moment, he was “really starting to worry”. Malcolm said: “I know that amount sounds like, ‘Oh my gosh you’re a blessed guy’ and I truly am, but we know that $1million (around £825,000) isn’t what it was 10 years ago. “Frankly I’m scared about retiring.” READ MORE: Smart meter users could be paid to use less energy at peak times via 'demand shifting' “You need to get with your guy on the phone today and say, ‘I’m scared. You need to explain to me what my money is invested’. “You need to be in good growth stock mutual funds with long track records and then ask the guy what your track record is on your mutual funds. “Let’s say you’re in a series of mutual funds that are properly invested, and the last 30 years the track record has been 11 percent on the portfolio that you hold, that would be a reasonably invested set of mutual funds. “11 percent of $1million (around £825,000) is $110,000 (around £90,000).” Mr Ramsey said that over a period of time, he could make 11 or 12 percent. This has been a “track record” on the US stock market for 80 years. As long as Malcolm takes off less than what he has averaged, he will be fine over time, the personal finance expert suggested. Malcolm agreed with what Dave was saying but was worried about the current economic climate. He said: “I know that is historically accurate but have we ever been in something like this before.” Mr Ramsey explained it has been a lot worse, insisting this is “a walk in the park". He continued: “Average bear market is only 13 months , and average time to recover from a bear market is only 27 months. “So don’t let the bear scare you. It’s an opportunity to buy cheap shares.”