Novak Djokovic has complained his French Open showdown with Rafael Nadal ‘started too late’. The Serb crashed out of the tournament at the hands of his rival during the early hours of Wednesday morning. And that means he won’t be winning a 21st Grand Slam in Paris, with Wimbledon now representing his best chance of doing that although Nadal could be on 22 by then. Djokovic went up against Nadal hoping to get the better of his fierce rival on the clay courts of Roland Garros. However, he ended up slumping to a disappointing defeat with the fifth seed prevailing 6-2, 4-6, 6-2, 7-6 to reign supreme. It was a disappointing night for Djokovic, who will now be forced to wait when it comes to claiming yet another Grand Slam title. And, speaking after the game, the 35-year-old expressed a belief the showdown ‘started too late’ with the contest not finishing until 1.16am. “I think they are starting too late,” he stated. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “But TV decides, that's the world we live in.” Djokovic paid tribute to Nadal after the Spaniard’s triumph, insisting his own problems in the court helped the 21-time Grand Slam winner as well. "Congratulations to Nadal. He was a better player I think in important moments," he said. "I didn't start so great, 2-6, 0-3, double-break down. “I was gaining momentum as I was coming back in the second set, managed to win the second set, and I thought, I'm back in the game. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "I had my chances. I had my chances in the fourth [set]. “Served for the set, couple set points. Just one or two shots could have taken me into a fifth. Then it's really anybody's match." Yet while he wishes he’d played better, Djokovic also admitted he had nothing left in the tank following the showdown. "I gave my best. I know I could have played better," said the Serb. "I'm proud of fighting and staying until the last shot. As I said, I lost to a better player today. Had my chances. Didn't use them. That's it. “Over four hours' battle and I have to accept this defeat. "Then he had another two, three fantastic games at the beginning of the third. He was just able to take his tennis to another level in those, particularly moments at the beginning of all sets except the fourth…. he showed why he's a great champion. "Staying mentally tough and finishing the match the way he did. Congrats to him and his team. “No doubt he deserved it." Nadal will play Alexander Zverev in the semi-finals, after the German beat Carlos Alcaraz earlier in the day. "I had my chances. I had my chances in the fourth [set]. “Served for the set, couple set points. Just one or two shots could have taken me into a fifth. Then it's really anybody's match." Yet while he wishes he’d played better, Djokovic also admitted he had nothing left in the tank following the showdown. "I gave my best. I know I could have played better," said the Serb. "I'm proud of fighting and staying until the last shot. As I said, I lost to a better player today. Had my chances. Didn't use them. That's it.  And he was emotional after his gruelling win over Djokovic, saying: “To win against Novak there’s only one way — to play at your best since the first point until the last. “And tonight it was one of this magic nights for me. Unexpected level. “Without a doubt there’s no other place like this one for me. It’s the most important court of my career, the most special one. And as I said, for me to feel the love of everyone here in Paris means everything to me.” And, on whether this would be his last French Open, he said: “I am old enough to not hide things or come here and say something I don’t believe. “I have what I have in the foot, so if we aren’t able to find an improvement or a small solution then it’s becoming super difficult.”