Frank Williams, who played Reverend Timothy Farthing in the BBC hit Dad's Army, has died at the age of 90. After becoming a fan-favourite in the 1968 sitcom, Frank went on to star in Monty Python's Flying Circus and The Rutles. BBC Breakfast presenters Jon Kay and Sally Nugent paid tribute to the star during Monday morning's show. The news of Frank's death was reported on Sunday, June 26, via a statement posted on Facebook by those who were close to him. The statement read: "So sorry to say that our beloved friend, colleague and actor, Frank Williams, passed away this morning. "He was almost 91, and we are grateful for all the years of joy, laughter and happiness he brought to so many. Thank you, Frank!" Touching on his death, Jon paid tribute: "Some sad TV news for you this morning, Frank Williams, who played Reverend Timothy Farthing in the BBC sitcom Dad's Army, has died at the age of 90." READ MORE: A Place in the Sun fans slam pair for rejecting 'dream' Danni find A collection of video clips from his time in the show was then played to highlight his talent and how well he played the role. Sally continued: "The London-born actor started his career in the theatre where he met the Dad's Army co-creator Jimmy Perry. "Frank also played a clergyman in other Perry shows, including You Rang My Lord and, of course, Hi-De-Hi!" Jon added: "We have lost so many of those guys who appeared in Dad's Army over the years, I think it is only Ian Lavender who survives from the main members of the cast. "So some sad TV history there." As the news of his death began to circulate, many friends and fans began to pay their respects to the death of Frank. Elstree Studios chairman Morris Bright posted a throwback picture of Frank and penned: "Sadly just one left of these delightful bringers of joy, as we say goodbye to Dad's Army star actor Frank Williams who has died aged 90. “Here with Ian Lavender, Bill Pertwee & Clive Dunn at a plaque unveiling to co-star John le Mesurier in 1993. “Happy memories of a wonderful day.” DON'T MISS...Frank Williams mocks Dad's Army star in unearthed clip of tour [INSIGHT]Frank Williams dead: Dad's Army star dies aged 90 [LATEST]Dad's Army star claims creators introduced 'woke' rule [MORE] Whilst many fans took Twitter, with @Cyberbloke_7266 exclaimed: "What about the silly trousers, Your Reverence? I'll send them round in the morning!' "Devastated to hear that actor Frank Williams has died aged 90. Dad's army just wouldn't have been the same without Reverand Timothy Farthing. RIP #Dadsarmy #FrankWilliams." @EveRay1 added: "I grew up watching Dad's Army (and had a grandfather who was in the Home Guard, which brought it all closer), so it was sad to hear of the passing of "his reverence" #FrankWilliams RIP." @WillTravers commented: "#FrankWilliams Legend. He and an amazing cast starred in some of the best television ever made. Thank you." @NORRIEUK99 said: "I'm total gutted! Another great Dad's Army character has passed away! Frank Williams. "You brought years and years of happiness to us all, and I will never get bored of enjoying you on Dad's Army reruns. Thank you, Sir. Rest In Peace." @tigerrector expressed: "I’m so sorry to hear that #FrankWilliams has died, even at a great age. "Not only because he is my Vicarious role model (naturally), but he was warmly welcoming to this newcomer to London and @ASMSLondon 1986-88." (sic) BBC Breakfast aired airs every day from 6am on BBC One.