The co-founder of Chic has had a legendary career. At one point worked with David Bowie on his album Let’s Bounce. He has also worked with Madonna on Like A Virgin. But the royal party might make it to the top the list as one of his most important events. Not everyone knows the 69-year-old was faced with two harsh cancer battles, the first of which had him serious thinking about death. The star was first introduced to the disease in 2010 when he was diagnosed with “aggressive” prostate cancer – a condition that affects roughly one in eight men, according to Prostate Cancer UK. It is a slow-growing cancer that grows in the walnut-sized gland that typically strikes over 50s. Around the time, the star spoke to HardTalk about the ordeal. He said he “hadn’t felt quite right” when doctors spotted his high PSA, prostate-specific antigen, levels. PSA levels in the blood are used to measure the health of the prostate and a high PSA can indicate damage to the gland.  READ MORE: Arthritis breakthrough: Research may have found a way to treat and even reverse arthritis   He received the all-clear three years later. But his freedom from cancer was short-lived as just four years later he was diagnosed with kidney cancer. "I would have never believed that my body would be invaded by another cancer," Rodgers wrote on his Planet C blog.  The Chic star said doctors had found a “mysterious growth” in his right kidney that was actually “two different cancers within one mass”. Symptoms of the condition can be misleading as they are similar to other kidney conditions like urinary tract infections (UTIs) and kidney stones, explains the NHS. They include noticing blood in your pee, persistent pain in your lower back or side, a lump or swelling in your side, extreme tiredness, and a high temperature. The NHS states several other symptoms:   Despite his second bout of cancer, which was cured surgically, the star remained positive. On his blog, he said he had “attacked life with gusto” and “worked at an insane level” after his cancer battles. Since the ordeal, his career has shown no signs of stopping. As well as being invited to the Platinum Party at the Palace, the star has also continued collaborating on albums such as a new studio album with the German artist Roosevelt. 