Erik ten Hag is reportedly ready to hand Donny van de Beek a chance to stake his claim for a place in the Manchester United starting XI next season. Van de Beek has struggled to make any sort of impact at United, but the arrival of his former Ajax manager Ten Hag could change his fortunes at Old Trafford.    Van de Beek joined Everton on loan for the remainder of the season in January after falling down the pecking order under United’s interim boss Ralf Rangnick. The 25-year-old made five starts in seven Premier League appearances for the Toffees and finished his brief spell in Frank Lampard’s side with a goal in their 5-1 defeat by Arsenal on the final day of the season. He initially appeared to be set for an uncertain future at United, who have not got value for money from the £40million they paid Ajax for his services in the summer of 2020. But Ten Hag’s arrival as the new manager is a major boost for Van de Beek, who enjoyed the best form of his career under his fellow Dutchman at Ajax. According to Fabrizio Romano, Ten Hag is ‘convinced’ Van de Beek can be an important player for United next season. The 52-year-old is understood to be a ‘big fan’ of the central midfielder and the duo have a ‘very good’ relationship from their time together in Amsterdam. JUST IN: Harry Kane delivers verdict on Arsenal target as Arteta 'prepares bid'  United are in the market for a new central midfielder this summer due to the pending departures of Paul Pogba, Nemanja Matic, Jesse Lingard and Juan Mata. Frenkie de Jong, who is valued at £70m by Barcelona, and Christian Eriksen, who is yet to decide on his future following a successful spell at Brentford, have both been identified as possible signings. But Ten Hag feels that, even with incoming players, Van de Beek still has a place in his side for next season. That tallies with what the new United boss said when he was asked about whether he was looking forward to working with Van de Beek again in his first press conference.  DON'T MISS Man Utd staff already have Erik ten Hag nickname Cristiano Ronaldo makes demand of Man Utd youths in advice to ten Hag Man Utd join Eriksen race as Ten Hag makes first transfer decision "Yes, of course," he replied. "We had a fantastic squad in that time at Ajax. I really had a good relationship with him. Of course I am looking forward to meeting him again on the pitch." Ten Hag’s confidence is based on Van de Beek’s efforts for Ajax, where he made 175 appearances and helped the club reach the Champions League semi-final in 2019. Van de Beek has so far only contributed two goals and two assists in 50 appearances for Manchester United. 