Juggling a hectic lifestyle isn't easy at the best of times so when it comes to exercising, many people tend to have set times where they squeeze in their workouts so that it blends well with the rest of their day. Whether it be before, after or even during work, most people usually manage to find the time but their rigid training routine might not necessarily be working as effectively as they may wish. Slimmers may not be aware that working out at different times of the day could impact the way they lose weight and just how much weight they shift over a period of time. In a recent study, research also found that the body's internal rhythms could have an effect on timely weight loss. So when exactly is the best time for you to exercise? The 12-week US study, which was published in Frontiers in Physiology, was conducted on 30 men and 26 women who are active and healthy and between the ages of 25 and 55 years old. READ MORE: Sheridan Smith weight loss: Behind TV star's impressive 2 stone drop Each participant followed a specially-designed meal plan and were monitored as they endured a varied fitness programme, including stretching, sprint, resistance and endurance training. The fitness assessments were conducted at set times each day, with one group exercising for an hour before 8:30am, while the same routine was taken by the other group that evening, between 6pm and 8pm. Blood pressure and body fat was monitored over the course of the study, and their flexibility, strength and aerobic power was recorded at the start and end of the trail. This found that each person had improved their overall health and performance regardless of timings. DON'T MISS...Fitness: Experts unveil exercise tip to 'extend your life expectancy' [LATEST]Dwayne Johnson abs: Diet plan for weight loss [DIET PLAN]Weight loss: Slimmer ditched 3 foods to combat her menopause [REAL LIFE] But more in-depth results showed that morning workouts were more effective for women, whereas men burned more body fat during evening exercise. Dr Paul Arcerio, lead study author and professor of health and human physiological sciences at Skidmore College in New York, pointed out that even though there has been some proven effect of timely exercises for each sex, it has to fit around the individual's lifestyle and schedule. "The best time for exercise is the best time you can do it and fit it into your schedule," he noted. He went on to suggest the reasons why the results differed for men and women, with differences in hormones, biological clocks and sleep-wake cycles could all play a role. Not only that, but a person's fitness goals will also affect when one should work out. "Evening exercise was found to be ideal for men interested in improving heart and metabolic health as well as emotional wellbeing," Dr Arcerio also pointed out. But while the results of the men involved in the trial were less affected by the time of day they exercised, it appeared that the women were more susceptible. Dr Arcerio explained that women should aim to exercise in the morning if they want to reduce fat around their middle and bring down blood pressure. But if they are looking to improve muscle strength in the upper body as well as overall mood and food intake, he suggested that evening exercise would be "more effective". Researchers noted that more research is needed to find out more about why the different sexes responses to timed exercise were so different.