Leeds have received a new £60million proposal for Raphinha and Arsenal are believed to be behind the offer, according to reports in Spain. The Gunners made their move for the 25-year-old forward earlier this week when their opening bid was immediately rejected by the Whites. The race for Raphinha is now starting to hot up though with Tottenham, Barcelona and Chelsea also in the mix. Spurs are expected to table their first bid in due course but it now appears their north London rivals are looking to close a deal. According to Spanish journalist Gabriel Sans, Leeds are considering a fresh mystery offer for Raphinha. He tweeted: "Leeds is considering an offer for Raphinha of 70 million euros (55 plus 15 in variables) and it is not from Barça. The English have grown weary of waiting." READ MORE: Man Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinations Fellow reporter Pol Alonso seemed to suggest the Gunners were responsible, writing: "It is Arsenal." Leeds are believed to be looking for £60m in order to agree to a sale, so if Arsenal have offered close to that figure, they have a good chance of concluding a deal. Arsenal chief Edu has good contacts with Raphinha's agent Deco as all parties seek to find an agreement. The Gunners remain locked in negotiations with the Whites and there is confidence a deal is achievable. DON'T MISS THE LATEST TRANSFER GOSSIPMan Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinationsChelsea 'plot PSG transfer hijack' after Inter Milan receive opening swap deal offerTottenham 'prepared to make player-plus-cash offer' for Man Utd target Antony With Raphinha's departure seemingly a matter of when not if, Leeds are beginning to identify potential replacements for the Brazilian. They've seen an offer rejected by Porto for Otavio, who is one of several names on their radar. PSV Eindhoven star Cody Gakpo is another name of strong interest and he could cost up to £30m. Arsenal appear to be fixated on landing Raphinha to bolster their wide options as negotiations with Manchester City for Gabriel Jesus continue. DON'T MISS: Taylor's Transfers - Liverpool clause boost, Arsenal priority deals, Armando Broja view on West Ham offer Meanwhile, Tottenham do have other targets on their shortlist in case a move for Raphinha fails. Everton forward Richarlison is a player they would like to sign while Allan Saint-Maximin is also a player admired by Paratici. At it stands, Barcelona do not seemingly have the cash available to sign Raphinha, despite agreeing personal terms with the player. Instead, they are focusing their efforts on clearing the deadwood within their squad as Xavi also looks to tie Ousmane Dembele down to a new contract.