NCIS Los Angeles was the first NCIS spin-off in the ever-growing franchise with its success leading the way for future series. CBS renewed the police procedural, along with the NCIS and NCIS Hawaii earlier this year so thankfully, its future has never been questioned. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about when fans can watch the new batch of NCIS Los Angeles episodes. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Los Angeles. NCIS Los Angeles has been airing for more than a decade and shows no signs of slowing down any time soon. As well as NCIS and NCIS Hawaii, the Los Angeles-based drama was given the green light for another season back in March. It may have been just a month since Agent Callen (played by Chris O'Donnell) and the rest of the team were last seen but there is now word of when it will return. As part of the 2022-23 fall schedule, CBS has revealed a number of release dates. READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen NCIS Los Angeles season 14 is going to premiere on Sunday, October 9, at 10pm PST (Pacific Standard Time) on CBS. Season 13 came out on October 9 in 2021 so it appears a release date pattern is emerging after a number of previous series with various start dates over the years. CBS also announced exactly when viewers can expect the other two NCIS dramas as well. These series will be returning a little earlier than NCIS LA, fans will be delighted to know. NCIS and NCIS Hawaii are going to both return on Monday, September 19, on CBS. The flagship will first premiere at 9pm PST, followed by its latest spin-off at 10pm PST. These are going to be the 20th and second outing for NCIS and NCIS Hawaii respectively. So viewers will be waiting an extra couple of weeks for NCIS Los Angeles series 14 to debut. DON'T MISS...Man vs Bee: Rowan Atkinson speaks out on stop to filming 'two weeks!' [FILMING]NCIS season 20 release date confirmed by CBS [RELEASE DATE]NCIS Hawaii season 2: Ernie Malick star shares update [UPDATE] It was a happy ending all round when NCIS LA season 13 finished in May Marty Deeks (Eric Christian Olsen) and Kensi Blye (Danielle Ruah) were finally allowed to foster Rosa (Natalia Del Riego). Just as they were going to pick her up, Admiral Kilbride (Gerald McRaney) called and said there was another investigation they needed to tend to. Rosa was alright for them to both suddenly leave but little did she know that she was instead being taken for her surprise party on the beach. Kilbride was in on the secret and was seen manning the BBQ. With everyone celebrating on the beach, Callen finally decided it was time to move forward in his own life. He got down on one knee and popped the question to his long-term girlfriend Anna Kolcheck (Bar Paly). She gleefully accepted and the rest of the team couldn't have been more thrilled for the loved-up couple. NCIS LA season 14 premieres on CBS in the USA on October 9, 2022. Season 13 continues Sundays on Sky Max and NOW in the UK. 