Testicular cancer is diagnosed in about 2,300 men every year in the UK, and while it can be treated if it's caught early, it's not always easy to know if you're at risk. For Men's Health Week this year, Bupa is urging all men to regularly check their testicles and to take a health MOT. Most testicular cancer cases are diagnosed in men aged 15 to 49, although it can affect people of all ages. It's relatively rare, accounting for about one percent of cancers. The cancer might be treated with chemotherapy, radiotherapy, or even surgery. The sooner your treatment begins, the greater your chance of recovery, which is why it's important to look out for the warning signs. READ MORE: Younger patients could have DOUBLE the risk of cancer All men that reach puberty should check their testicles at least once a month, according to Jas Kalsi, Consultant Urologist and Male Fertility Expert at Cromwell Hospital. Aim to check for signs of the cancer after a warm bath or shower, he said. Mr Kalsi told Express.co.uk: "Once you hit puberty, it’s important to check your testicles regularly – ideally, every month. This will help you get an idea of their usual look and feel so if there are any changes, you’ll notice them. "The best time to do it is while you’re in the shower or bath, or just afterwards. The warmth will relax your scrotum and make it easier to feel anything unusual." DON'T MISSTesticular Cancer: Being 'very tall' may increase your risk [STUDY]Testicular cancer symptoms: Lump in testicle and other signs to spot [ANALYSIS]Comic Richard Herring on beating cancer - how to check your testicles [NEWS] The most common symptom of testicular cancer is a lump or swelling. Your testicle might feel larger than the other one, or there might be an unusual pain. But, while these signs could be caused by testicular cancer, they might also be something less serious. It's important to speak to a doctor if you're worried about the symptoms of testicular cancer. Your doctor will ask you about your symptoms, as well as examine your testicles. They might hold a torch against your scrotum to see whether light passes it through it. Your GP might refer you for further tests with a specialist. The specialist could carry out blood tests and a scrotal ultrasound.