A royal expert has said that no contact between the Duke of Sussex and Prince William at the St Paul’s Cathedral Platinum Jubilee service was "not a coincidence". Royal writer Camilla Tominey said Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been "pushed down the pecking order by the Cambridge children" after they were sat far away from the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Charles and his wife, Camilla. Waiting for The Daily Telegraph, she said: "Prince William’s brother is now sixth in line to the throne, as well as being relegated by their own behaviour.”  She added that a distinction has been clearly drawn "between the royals who work for The Firm and those who do not”. She added: "William and Kate and their brood have found themselves front and centre. "As is ever the case with jobs involving their offspring, "Had the Duke and Duchess of Sussex not stepped down from public duties in March 2020, they and their children Archie, aged three, and one-year-old Lilibet, would have shared the spotlight with the Cambridges." JUST IN: Levin claims Harry and Meghan 'absolutely furious' at Jubilee seating Speaking about the distance between Prince Harry and Prince William, Ms Tominey added that "it is not a coincidence that there has been no interaction whatsoever between the once close royal brothers this weekend". She put the blame for that distance on the Sussexes’ outspoken Oprah Winfrey interview, "in which they accused the Royals of racism". The royal commentator added that this is "still perceived to have crossed a line not least when there has still been no acknowledgement of the hurt it caused, let alone an apology". At the Queen's Jubilee, Prince William and Kate took a last-minute decision to bring their children George and Charlotte. DON'T MISS: Bit bah humbug!' Harry and Meghan blasted as UK misses out on Sussexes [REACTION]Queen Jubilee sees Strictly's Shirley Ballas break down in tears on TV [VIDEO]Jubilee LIVE: 'How sad for Meghan and Harry' Duke and Duchess miss out [LIVE BLOG]  Both children could be seen excitedly waving Union flags and singing along to Rod Stewart’s rendition of Sweet Caroline. A royal source spoke: “The children have been having a great weekend. “They were really enjoying themselves, so they went to the concert because it was clear they wanted to. “They take those calls at the last minute because they don’t want to ramp up hype and not be able to deliver on it. "Everyone knows what kids are like, they might suddenly decide they don’t want to go to stuff. "But they have thoroughly enjoyed this weekend.” Ms Tominey said the departure of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to the US means "they are no longer considered front row royals". This was manifested when the Duke of Duchess of Sussex took a back seat at both Trooping the Colour and Friday’s service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral.