Prince Charles bought the large cottage for £1.2million in March 2007, after reportedly spending 40 years searching for the right place. Located near the village of Myddfai in Carmarthenshire, Llwynywermod is a 192-acre estate comprised of three cottages, a Grade II-listed barn, and a main house. Llwynywermod is where Charles and Camilla stay when they visit Wales for their annual tour of the country. However, Charles spent more time there last year after the death of his father in April. After the Duke of Edinburgh’s funeral, Charles left for Llwynywermod because he “wanted to reflect alone”, according to a Daily Mail source. They said there was “no better place for Charles to come to terms with his grief and start to think about his future”. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to keep ants away from homes - ‘cheap’ trick The farmhouse would be the perfect place to reflect as there is no TV or DVD player in the residence’s main living room, prompting Charles and Camilla to go for walks and read instead. The couple has reportedly lined the house’s shelves with a collection of books on local folklore and guided walks. There is even an organic farm in the house’s garden, where Charles enjoys to plant plants and edibles, such as vegetables. In an interview with Simon Armitage, Charles unveiled his love for walking in the nearby Brecon Beacons whenever he stays at the house. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: I tested the ‘miracle cleaning paste’ to clean my burnt pan [INSIGHT]‘Great budget-friendly’ way ‘guaranteed' to improve your living room [EXPERT]Cleaning: How to remove limescale from taps using ‘easy’ 13p method [TIPS] He said: “It is wonderful coming down here. “And I love coming in the winter when I can at a weekend. “And I stump about in the Brecon Beacons and explore, which is magic, and fight my way through large numbers of sheep all over the place. It is very special because it’s more of a cottage.” It took Charles “a long search lasting some 40 years” to find Llwynywermod. He added: “Several houses and sites were explored until, finally, we came across Llwynywermod in an exceptionally beautiful part of Carmarthenshire, on the edge of the Brecon Beacons and within reasonable reach of Cardiff.” Interestingly, when renovating the place, Charles wanted to make sure it was as sustainable as it could be. Welsh materials such as lime plaster and slate were sourced locally, local workmen were recruited, and a wood-chip boiler was installed for the property’s heating and hot water. The house even has rainwater storage, meant for reusage. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The main living room in the property has high ceilings with a wooden awning, a traditional log fireplace, two cream armchairs adorned with patterned cushions, and huge printed tapestries. There are also rugs from the nearby Solva Woollen Mill, which is the oldest continuously working woollen mill in Pembrokeshire. Other rooms include Prince Charles’ bedroom, which features a huge double bed with a grey headboard and two small bedside tables on either side. The bathroom has cream walls and tiles, with a white bathtub.