Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall took EastEnders fans by surprise on Thursday as they arrived in Albert Square for Mick Carter’s (played by Danny Dyer) Jubilee celebrations. BBC viewers couldn’t believe their eyes and took to Twitter to comment on the heartwarming scenes. @tweeetertots tweeted: “Oh my god, this is such a surreal episode!  #EastEnders.” @Emma_LouiseMSD remarked: “Charles and Camilla at this is just simply iconic #eastenders.” “Charles and Camilla in EastEnders is one of the most surreal things I’ve ever seen on TV,” @simonpoulter said. @MeralyMeraly added: “Eastenders right now is hilarious. Charles and Camilla on the market, being given a tour by Mick (Danny Dyer) what is going on?” ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** @John_murphy1 shared: “I’ve just switched over and Charles & Camilla are talking to Danny Dyer in Eastenders and I’ve never taken acid but maybe this is what it feels like?” “Is this really happening? LOL #EastEnders,” @TrueSweden questioned. The BBC confirmed the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall would be appearing in an episode earlier this month. At the end of the episode, a special theme tune in tribute to the royal appearance aired. The tune had been composed by the original theme tune composer Simon May. Chris Clenshaw, Executive Producer, said: “To have Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall not only visit us all in Walford but to also appear in an episode, we felt it was only right that we marked this extremely momentous episode with a fitting tribute and what better way than to wish Their Royal Highnesses on their way from Albert Square than with a special Jubilee version of our iconic theme tune, remastered by the very talented Simon May.” The scenes were filmed in March earlier this year when the royal couple visited the EastEnders set. In the story, Mick and Linda Carter (Kellie Bright) were on edge as they waited for their royal guests to arrive in Walford. DON'T MISSJubilee beacons timing: What time are beacons being lit tonight? [INSIGHT]Queen's olive branch to Meghan and Harry for Windsor brand [INTERVIEW]Piers Morgan furiously hits back as guest rages 'Queen does nothing!' [VIDEO] The landlords of the Queen Vic had kept the identity of their special guests a secret. Meanwhile, Rocky Cotton (Brian Conley) had hired Charles and Camilla lookalikes in a bid to impress Sonia Fowler (Natalie Cassidy). The reformed conman was left in a heated exchange with a police officer as he insisted the royal couple were imposters. However, Sonia and Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth) came to Rocky’s rescue. In a touching moment, Camilla placed a purple ribbon on a tree planted by Karen Taylor (Lorraine Stanley) for victims of domestic abuse. The Duchess of Cornwall said: “This is for your daughter. This is for all victims of domestic abuse. It’s very important she’s remembered. My heart goes out to you, a lot of people have lost children.” EastEnders fans will remember Karen’s daughter Chantelle Atkins (Jessica Plumber) was killed by her husband Gray Atkins (Toby-Alexander Smith) in a harrowing abuse storyline. EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.