Young British tennis star Jay Clarke is set to compete at this year’s Wimbledon and his ex-coach and brother believes he has a "great oppurtunity" on the grass-court surfaces. The 23-year-old will be making his fourth appearance at The Championships after making his debut in 2018. The biggest moment of Clarke’s career came when he reached the second round at the All-England Club in 2019, and played against the great Roger Federer. He managed to push the Swiss Maestro to a second set tiebreak, before succumbing to a 2-6, 6-7(3), 1-6 defeat. The 2018 mixed doubles semi-finallist is due to begin his campaign against American qualifier Chris Harrison tomorrow and his brother and ex-coach Curtis Clarke is keen to see his younger sibling play his best tennis in front of his home crowd. “I think Jay has a great opportunity next week, he’s always played very good on the Wimbledon Lawns over the years going right back to that win in the doubles over World No1s Herbert and Mahut during his first outing at the championships,” the 27-year-old told the Express. “Then the following year, making a run all the way to the semifinals in the mixed event and finally in 2019 winning his opening round to set up a clash with Roger Federer in the second round.” Jay began his preparations for Wimbledon at the Surbiton trophy earlier this month. He lost his opening round match with compatriot Liam Broady, but teamed up with the 28-year-old in the doubles event, where they reached the quarter-finals. JUST IN: Andy Murray opens up on heartbreaking coaching rejections and talks up Wimbledon chances    He was eliminated from the Nottingham challenger in the last 16 a week later, before losing his opening match at Eastbourne on Monday. Grass is a surface the Derby local enjoys playing on and his older brother explained why he is so comfortable on the slick and low-bouncing surface. “Jay’s game is naturally suited to the surface, he uses the speed of the court very well and knows when to sneak into the net to finish points which is a vital skill on grass,” he added. “Plus, he has the physical and mental fortitude for five-setters and big crowds which I believe is the most important quality for any player in a grand-slam event.” It is so vital for any tennis player, especially in the early stages of their career, to have a supportive team around them. Those whose families are involved in the game are very fortunate (just look at the success of Rafael Nadal), and like the great Spaniard, the world number 159 understands the impact of being coached by his family. Having trained his brother for a number of years, Curtis explained the value of the family being significantly involved in Jay’s career. “I think we have been very lucky to have a coaching relationship that lasted almost 10 years. It’s never easy spending all your time together but it was always very enjoyable,” he said. “I believe having a close-knit support system is very important. You need people around you who you can trust to give you honest feedback. I would say that’s probably one of the main reasons for my brother's success. He was coached all of his career by my family, firstly by my father then my sister and finally by myself and it’s a formula that definitely works in tennis even if your family is not always coaching you directly but supports you from the sidelines.” Curtis no longer coaches his brother, but has combined his passion for tennis with tech and entrepreneurship. He is looking to help develop the next generation of players by providing them with a place to get advice from the world’s best players and coaches. He has done so by developing an app called 100. Explaining more about how the app came to fruition and what he hopes it will achieve, Curtis shared: “I had the idea to build a platform in my mind for many years but I never had the time to sit down and work on it. “Then during the pandemic, I had a lot of free time so I started to draw designs of what it could look like, I spoke to app developers, friends at management groups, different creators, tennis players and people who could be potential customers to get a greater picture of what was missing in tennis and if the market was there for a platform like this and it turned out there was. My hope for the platform is to give aspiring young athletes a place to get the personalised advice and motivation they need." He continued: “As I mentioned I didn’t have the financial background or access to world class coaching to go all the way in tennis, so my hope is that this can break down the barriers for other kids with a similar story and give them a chance to ask world class players and coaches like Marcos Baghdatis and Eric Hechtman (coach of Serena and Venus Williams) questions they might not normally get the chance to so they can become inspired just like me and my brother were to achieve whatever their dreams are.” 