Under current rules, if a person claiming Child Benefit or their partner earns more than £50,000 a year before tax they are required to pay back some, or all, of their Child Benefit back in the form of the HICBC. Child Benefit can be claimed by any person responsible for a child under 16 years or under 20 if they stay in approved education or training. There is no limit on how many children can be claimed for. Due to fact that the basic rate band covers taxable income from £12,571 to £50,270, it means a small portion of basic rate taxpayers can be affected this. If your income is over the threshold, then HMRC will give you two options. One is that you can receive the Child Benefit payment and pay any tax charge at the end of each tax year. With this option, the partner who has the higher earning, even if both are earning over £50,000, is responsible for repaying the portion of Child Benefit that they no longer qualify for. To do this, they'll need to fill in a self-assessment tax return so HMRC can calculate the amount of extra income tax that is payable. HMRC defines 'partner' under this legislation as someone who a person is married to, in a civil partnership with, or is living with as if they were. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak to give pensioners extra £850 to beat rising inflation and energy bills  What would be paid back is dependent on the salary. This is because a person is required to pay back one percent of their Child Benefit for every extra £100 they earn over £50,000 annually. Those who earn over £60,000 are required to repay their Child Benefit payments in full to the Government. The second option is to simply to 'opt out' and not receive any Child Benefit payments meaning that you won't pay the tax charge. If a person chooses the second option, they will still need to fill in the claim form if hoping to receive National Insurance Credits, which count towards the state pension.  Individuals will also need to fill out the form if they wish to ensure their child gets their National Insurance number automatically before they are 16. Otherwise they will need to apply for one themselves. Couples can have a combined income of up to £100,000 and not be affected by the charge as long as neither of them have an individual income of over £50,000. This would mean that if a couple both earned £45,000 each, with a combined income of £90,000, then they would not be affected by the charge. Introduced in 2013, the High Income Child Benefit Charge was intended to only affect higher earners with the original higher rate threshold being £42,475. However, since increasing to £50,000 the rate has not adjusted in line with inflation with the Government refusing to budge on the matter. There have been multiple calls from thinktanks over the years to increase the threshold with the Low Incomes Tax Reform Group (LITRG) calling for an increase to £60,000 to compansate with inflation. The group also believes that the point at which Child Benefit is fully recovered should increase from £60,000 to £75,000. The group stated that the policy “no longer meet its original intent to only target higher rate taxpayers”. LITRG have expressed their belief the structure of the charge encourages those liable for the tax charge not to claim Child Benefit, which could "affect a claimant’s state pension record". This may happen as the claimant could "potentially miss out on National Insurance credits".