Mr Blackford, leader of the Scottish National Party in the House of Commons, accused Mr Raab and the Conservative Government of “fearing democratic debate” after being told a second independence vote would not be given the all clear from Westminster. He proclaimed that “we are the people” and said the Tories had “no right” to prevent the Scottish nation from becoming independent.    Mr Blackford said, during Prime Minister's Questions: “There is no case for the Union as we have just heard from the deputy prime minister because, Mr Speaker, the harsh reality is that the Tories might fear democratic debate but they don’t have the right to block Scottish democracy. “As the late Kenyon Wright said, what if the other voice we all know so well responds by saying ‘We say no, we are the state’. “His answer: ‘Well, we say yes, and we are the people’. Scottish democracy will not be a prisoner of any Prime Minister in this place. “So why is the UK Government scared of democracy? Is it simply that they have run out of ideas to defend the failing Westminster system?”   Earlier, Mr Raab said: “Can I thank the honourable gentlemen. It is always good to see him in his place. No, no, genuinely, it is good to see him in his place. “It’s not the right time for another referendum given the challenges that we face as one United Kingdom. “And he referred to some of those challenges in Scotland, but I think, actually, that the people of Scotland want their two Governments to work together and we are keen, willing and enthusiastic to do so.” Mr Raab was standing in for Boris Johnson while the PM is at a NATO summit in Madrid, Spain deliberating with fellow world leaders on how to deal with the crisis in Ukraine. READ MORE: SNP chairman uses EMPTY CHAIR to launch furious attack on minister [REVEAL]    Yesterday, Nicola Sturgeon published the Referendum Bill detailing how a potential second vote would occur. Speaking to Holyrood during its publication, she announced that October 19, 2023 would be the proposed date for the referendum. She added that she had sent a letter to Mr Johnson requesting his approval of the vote and asking him to temporarily hand over the article 30 powers that are necessary to hold a legal ballot. She also said she had sent the Lord Advocate of the Scottish Government to see the Supreme Court to discuss the possible legal ramifications of a vote without Westminster’s consent. DON'T MISS: Sturgeon given key to Scottish independence: 'Vow to keep monarchy' [REPORT] Savage cuts are coming to Scots - Sturgeon will have no-where to hide [INSIGHT] SNP 'enlisting international support' for national indyref2  [REVEAL]  But Scotland Minister Iain Stewart told MPs prior to PMQs that the SNP's plan for a second vote on Scottish independence is "unnecessary and unwanted". Answering questions in the Commons on support for Scotland's shipbuilding sector, he said: "These are the issues that the Scottish Government should be concentrating on rather than another unnecessary and unwanted rerun of an independence referendum." In response to SNP Dave Doogan (Angus), Mr Stewart added: "The biggest threat to future orders is his party's plan to break up the UK." In Scotland’s last independence referendum, held in 2014, the electorate was more than 55 percent in favour of remaining within the UK. READ NEXT: GB News: Dan Wootton tears 'delusional' Nicola Sturgeon apartLib Dems blast Boris Johnson and reject pro-UK pact to block IndyRef2Everything she touches gets worse Sturgeon has made a mess of ScotlandSturgeon's marriage to SNP chief Peter Murrell: 'Nicola is in charge!'Scottish independence: What happens now? Route map in full  