Jeremy Hunt fled a GB News reporter on a bike after being asked about comments he allegedly made about how to handle the Covid-19 pandemic. The reporter wanted Hunt’s response to Nadine Dorries’ claims about him and how he believed the Government should have imposed lockdowns. However, the Tory MP ignored the reporter and rode away. Wootton introduced: “The Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries made a highly credible allegation that when she was Health Secretary Hunt telephoned her to advocate the Government [taken on the] Chinese approach to Covid of removing folk who test positive for the virus in their own homes and locking their up in government facilities. “No one has tried to question Hunt on his authoritarian tendencies so I sent my producer Ben Leo to see if Hunt would have the balls to address the accusations directly.” In the footage, Ben approached Hunt and said: “Good morning Jeremy Ben from The Dan Wootton Show on GB News. “Was Nadine Dorries right when she said you wanted to drag people out of their homes and put them into isolation hotels during Covid and why did you think the public would tolerate that?” Read more: GMB viewers slam 'desperate' interview with Boris Johnson's ex Hunt remained silent as Ben continued: “These are quite crucial questions Jeremy for someone who wants to be Prime Minister. “You also demanded mandatory vaccinations and said that you admired China’s zero-Covid policy. “People think you’re a very dangerous man for that, are they right?” “And why are you planting stories in The Telegraph saying Boris should make you Chancellor?” “You’re welcome to come on Dan’s show anytime to answer these questions, Jeremy,” Ben added as Hunt rode off on his bike. Boris Johnson won a vote of confidence by 211 ballots to 148 on Monday. Hunt publicly slammed the Prime Minister and his name has been thrown into the ring as a possible replacement for Johnson. After it was confirmed the Prime Minister would face the vote, Hunt declared he wanted Johnson to go. He wrote: “The Conservative Party must now decide if it wishes to change its leader. Because of the situation in Ukraine, this was not a debate I wanted to have now but under our rules, we must do that. DON'T MISS'Not fair system' Naga Munchetty skewers Ofgem chief  [INTERVIEW]Queen personally requested Rod Stewart sing Sweet Caroline [VIDEO]'Frauds!' Meghan and Harry blasted by Megyn Kelly over private jet [INSIGHT] "Having been trusted with power, Conservative MPs know in our hearts we are not giving the British people the leadership they deserve. We are not offering the integrity, competence and vision necessary to unleash the enormous potential of our country. "And because we are no longer trusted by the electorate, who know this too, we are set to lose the next general election. "Anyone who believes our country is stronger, fairer & more prosperous when led by Conservatives should reflect that the consequence of not changing will be to hand the country to others who do not share those values. Today’s decision is change or lose. I will be voting for change." The Culture Secretary responded by claiming: “On afternoon of 23rd July 2020 when I was health minister you telephoned me to tell me that we had to handle the pandemic following the example set by the East/China. That people testing + should be removed from their homes and placed into isolation hotels for two weeks. "You said your wife’s family had experience of this during SARS. I said that British people would never tolerate being removed from their homes and loved ones at which point you demanded I show you the evidence for that. Your handling of the pandemic would have been a disaster. "Your pandemic preparation during six years as health secretary was found wanting and inadequate. Your duplicity right now in destabilising the party and country to serve your own personal ambition, more so. "You told others that PM and Gov would swiftly collapse on back of Brexit and you would swoop in. “You told me as much in Victoria St after GE. If you had been leader you’d have handed the keys of No10 to Corbyn. You’ve been wrong about almost everything, you are wrong again now." (sic) The Dan Wootton Show airs on GB News on weekdays at 9pm.