While the Moon spends the day in fervent Scorpio, expect to tap into more self-expressive spirits and inner creativity. The Venus-Uranus planet alignment will fortify this urge, so try to work with it rather than against it. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for June 11. Venus will align with Uranus in the sign of Taurus today, heightening the Scorpio Moons’ stimulus for self-expression. Cafe Astrology said: “The need to express ourselves freely and openly comes on strongly. It’s a time when we go a little off-script socially. “Whether we’re aware of this or not, we’re itching for a change. Connecting with this desire can help us steer and navigate better.” Uranus is known in astrology as the “Awakener” planet, bringing with it aspects of sudden change and shock in its transits. READ MORE: 5 animal statues to bring good luck into your home   When these transits crop up, taking time to focus on self-development is always beneficial, because buried thoughts and emotions find it easier to surface. This desire for change can initiate a snap reaction, allowing you to easier let go of what doesn’t serve you to move into the areas that do. You might also feel slightly more spontaneous and drawn to doing things that disrupt the routine. Cafe Astrology said: “For the time being, we value stimulation and newness over permanence.  “We lose our fear of taking risks in love, with pleasure, and in social situations. “There can be infatuations, whims, gossip, and unexpected opportunities socially or financially, and we have a greater need for self-expression, personal freedom, and social excitement. This influence encourages us to let go of rigidity.” However, the Moon will continue its transit in Scorpio for the entirety of the day and while it can work wonders for progressive thinking, positive transformations, and heightened perception, it also has a slightly darker edge. Heightened perception can spark a tendency to overthink, which doesn’t always serve a good purpose. DON'T MISS:How to sleep in hot weather - 8 ‘quick fixes’ to stay cool at night [EXPLAINED]Vitamin E: Difficulty walking could be a sign you are deficient [INSIGHT]How to live longer: The vitamin shown to reduce risk of mortality [ANALYSIS]     Scorpio signs are known for being more sultry, secretive and mysterious, which when in transit, can shroud vision with a thin layer of scepticism. Cafe Astrology said: “Whether it’s passion, elation, sorrow, or desire, emotions are felt on a deeply personal level. “We are motivated by the desire to get to the bottom of things, and we instinctively read between the lines.”  The Scorpio Moon will align with Venus and Uranus in Taurus tonight, and you might feel “torn between stubbornly resisting change and embracing it”. So for this reason, Astrology.com advises to “make conscious decisions to only implement changes that might be easily reversible” at this stage. Keep it light and embrace your creative flare during this transit before the Moon enters adventurous Sagittarius on Sunday. 