Coronation Street's Maria (played by Samia Longchambon) is set to find herself in a difficult position after official spoilers revealed she is set to make some recycling changes to the cobbles. With defiant bin men and residents not on board with her plans, Maria is plagued by more negative publicity after a deep fake video appears online, accompanied by a barrage of online trolling from social media users. A new theory from Express.co.uk could see Maria killed in a violent attack after the trolls take their online bullying to the next level. Official spoilers for the upcoming scenes show Maria is upset when a video of her local speech is turned into a rap video and surfaces on social media. When trying to fight against the bin men who go on strike, Maria bites Max Turner's (Paddy Bever) head off in the barbers as she worries about the video. However, this is the least of her worries as she receives a call from Liam Connor's (Charlie Wrenshall) school where he has got himself into a fight. It soon becomes clear a deep fake video has been made and Liam has unfortunately seen it at school. Maria's head has been placed on a naked woman to make it look like she's in a porn film. Gary Windass (Mikey North) rages as a devastated Maria is shaken by how convincing the deep-fake video is. READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint Panicking about who made the video and what it can do to her campaign, Maria reckons she needs to inform the police. After talking to Gary about what she should do, Maria refuses to hide away and hosts a press conference to push her recycling plans. As she's heckled by Jimmy, the refuse team leader, Gary assumes that he's behind the online alias making threats and aggressively pins him against the wall. Maria decides that being on the council isn't worth all the strife it's putting their family through and wants to leave the committee. Sally Metcalfe (Sally Dynevor) is shocked to hear that Maria's withdrawing from local politics and implores her not to be beaten in her quest to make a difference. Later in the week, Liam has a Star Trek-themed birthday party at the bistro, where Gary pulls him, Maria, Kelly Neelan (Millie Gibson) and Jake Windass (Bobby Bradford) in for a family selfie. The happy moment is short-lived when Maria orders him not to share it online for fear of another backlash. Maria's upset that she chose to censor herself by not sharing the family selfie and tells Gary that her trolls are winning by making her scared. Will the trolls take their bullying to a new level and begin to physically harm Maria and her family? If the trolls physically hurt Maria, this could also see Gary step in for his family and potentially cause more issues. DON'T MISS... Samia recently opened up about the seriousness of the storyline and revealed to Express.co.uk and other press what is in store for the politician. She explained: "Yeah, well, she wants to tell the police about it [deep fake video], obviously. But then it gets worse because then all the online trolling starts as well. "She gets trolled to the point where there's actually death threats from the trolls about her which is when she says to Gary, 'We can't mess about now, we need to go to the police about this because it's not just me'. "It's her family, it's Kelly and Liam and Gary and Jake and all of us that she's scared to even leave the house because people out there who actually want her dead." Touching on how Maria reacts to Gary's outburst at the press conference, the actress explained: "Gary thinks he must be this guy who's the troll. "So Gary makes a lunge for him and pins him up against the wall and has to get stopped by a police officer and nearly gets arrested for it all. "The press is present, so they're taking pictures of the whole thing which is just like setting off a bomb for Maria on something that was already volatile. "It's just like, could this get any worse now I'm going to be all over the press with my husband beating up a bin man. It's just it just goes from bad to worse." Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Thursday from 8pm on ITV.