Their friendship reportedly began when the Prime Minister tested positive for COVID-19 in April 2020 and was admitted to hospital. The future Queen Consort, 74, reached out to Carrie, 34, to offer her support. A Government source claimed “she provided support to Carrie in a really difficult time” and that the two women “get on really well”. Mr Johnson became seriously unwell a few days after testing positive with the virus and spent seven nights in London’s St Thomas’ hospital. For three of these nights, he was in the intensive care unit. Speaking of Camilla’s friendship with Carrie, the source, speaking to The Times, described it as "very different to Boris’s relationship with Charles”. The newspaper described the two as "good friends". Prince Charles, 73, is reportedly not as close with Mr Johnson. On Friday, reports came to light suggesting the future King privately criticised the Government’s decision to deport asylum seekers to Rwanda. A source told The Times the Duke of Cornwall called the plan “appalling” and that he is “more than disappointed at the policy”. A spokesperson for Clarence House said, however, that the Prince of Wales remains politically neutral. The spokesperson said: “We would not comment on supposed anonymous private conversations with the Prince of Wales, except to restate that he remains politically neutral. “Matters of policy are decisions for Government.” A first flight taking asylum seekers to Rwanda was set to depart today. Despite fierce criticism from multiple parties over the policy, the Prime Minister defended the plan today. In a statement, he said: "We are not going to be in any way deterred or abashed by some of the criticism that is being directed upon this policy, some of it from slightly unexpected quarters." The European Court of Human Rights confirmed it had issued an order on Tuesday to prevent the deportation of one individual who was due to be on the flight. The court ruling stated: “The applicant should not be removed until the expiry of a period of three weeks following the delivery of the final domestic decision in the ongoing judicial review proceedings.”