Princess Beatrice was out on Thursday night beaming in a gorgeous Markarian sequined dress. This was accompanied by her gorgeous smile. A smile is always expected from the royals with cameras following their every move.  When members of the Royal Family smile and wave when the cameras are watching, it can make them seem more approachable and pleases the crowds of fans. But with so many royal smiles, which one is the most beautiful? Experts at ExpressDentist.com conducted a study to establish which British Royal Family member has the most attractive smile. A spokesperson said: “Princess Beatrice takes the crown for the British Royal Member with the most attractive smile, scoring a whopping 9.09/10.  “In a recent outing at Ascot, Beatrice debuted her new name change, ‘Princess Beatrice, Mrs Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi’ giving her plenty of reasons to be smiling!” Her younger sister, Princess Eugenie, came second with a score of seven out of 10. According to a cosmetic dentist based in New York, Michael J. Wei: "The sisters are instantly recognisable because they seem to have inherited the prominent teeth that are common to the Windsor family, especially Beatrice.” Both the daughters of the Duke and Duchess of York beat out the Duchess of Cambridge and the Duchess of Sussex for who has the most attractive smile.   Meghan Markle came in third with six points, beating Kate who came fourth with five points. Therefore, according to this study, Meghan has a more attractive smile than Kate. As an American actress, the Duchess of Sussex would have been used to smiling on red carpets for cameras all day long. Her beautiful smile served her well during her time as a working royal, and would often grin for the cameras when she was out on royal engagements or abroad on royal tours. READ MORE: Eugenie and Beatrice's nickname for mum Sarah Ferguson revealed The same order could not be said for Kate and Meghan’s husbands though, as Prince William was said to have had a better smile than his younger brother, Prince Harry. William follows his wife Kate in fifth place, beating Harry by approximately two points. Prince William’s smile has often been compared to his mother’s, the late Diana, Princess of Wales, and so his smile will always hold a special place in the heart of the nation. Prince Charles, the future King of England, follows after his son William with a score of four out of 10 when it comes to the attractiveness of his smile.  He is followed by Prince Harry and Princess Anne in joint seventh place, both scoring three out of 10. Surprisingly, the Queen came in ninth place with a score of only two out of 10. Queen Elizabeth is not known for her massive grin, as she tends to keep a stoic facial expression to avoid people assuming she has opinions on anything, from politics to royal scandals. Finally, in 10th place is the Queen’s youngest son, Prince Edward, with a pitiful score of one out of 10. 