Chelsea would prefer to sell Romelu Lukaku to Bayern Munich instead of the striker’s former club Inter Milan to aid their own summer transfer plans, according to reports. The Blues are exploring a transfer for Bayern’s legendary striker Robert Lewandowski and the chance to sign the prolific Lukaku as a replacement could make a deal more likely with the Bundesliga champions. Lukaku has had an underwhelming return to the Premier League in his second spell at Stamford Bridge, with a £97.5m transfer hardly living up to expectations. It is widely reported that Lukaku’s own preference would be to re-sign for Inter just one season after making the big-money switch from the Serie A giants. The forward has not replicated his scintillating form in Italy, making just 16 Premier League starts and scoring 15 goals in 44 appearances in all competitions. While a remarkable second return to the San Siro still remains a prospect for Lukaku, there are likely to be plenty of other interested suitors across Europe. And Tuttosport, as per Sempre Inter, claim that Bayern Munich would prove the ideal transfer destination for Chelsea should they choose to already cash in on the 29-year-old. JUST IN: Man Utd transfer target had club 'convinced' he was joining Liverpool   It is claimed that Thomas Tuchel’s interest in Polish icon Lewandowski would make a Bayern deal more attractive than Inter as Chelsea would be given bargaining power in their pursuit. Lewandowski is said to be keen on a move to Barcelona but the La Liga side would struggle to finance a deal for the veteran centre forward. Should Lukaku replace Lewandowksi as Bayern’s star striker, he could join fellow Premier League wantaway Sadio Mane, who looks all set to leave Liverpool this summer. And German legend Lothar Matthaus has backed the duo to shine at the Allianz Arena as Bayern plan their latest Champions League tilt. Matthaus believes the pair would prove suitable replacements if both Lewandowski and forward Serge Gnabry depart. READ MORE: Liverpool could try Sadio Mane swap deal that may suit all parties   "I would sign Romelu Lukaku if a deal was economically feasible,” Matthaus said. “Lukaku and Mané for Lewandowski and Gnabry, if Serge were to leave the club - that would have quality and charisma. With this attack, Bayern wouldn't have to hide from any team. "No defender wants to play against Lukaku, Mané is flexible. I'm aware that both are 30 years old and it would be difficult to resell them for a big fee. Nevertheless, they would be the ideal solution for me for the next few years." 