According to the guidance on the Government website, an award for Personal Independence Payment (PIP) may enable claimants to access certain means-tested benefits even if they had been previously told they are not eligible for. People may also be able to backdate the claims to the start of their PIP award. This is because the entitlement to PIP provides a gateway or passport to other benefits, such as Carer’s Allowance, and schemes sponsored by other departments such as the Blue Badge Scheme. The Department for Work and Pension's (DWP) guidance stated that for some means-tested benefits and schemes there are alternative ways of accessing it that does not rely on a particular rate or component of PIP. This is different to many other benefits which have additional qualifying conditions. The DWP said: “For DWP benefits, Housing Benefit and Council Tax Reduction, we share information to enable claimants to automatically access other disability benefits and services. “However, claimants should inform other benefit offices about their entitlement to make sure they’re paid the correct amounts, particularly if there are any changes in their circumstances and awards.” READ MORE: Don't click! Post scams including DHL, EVRI and DPD ripping off Britons - essential signs The benefits that may be an option for PIP claimants include Access to Work, Carer’s Credit, Council Tax Reduction/Discount, Universal Credit, Working Tax Credit and Child Credit. The new claims for the latter two are to be replaced by Universal Credit. The reduction to Council Tax depends on the component and rate of the PIP a person receives and is decided by local councils. Other areas which can be claimed include Housing Benefit, Income Support‎ for up to 26 weeks while the PIP claim is being assessed, and Jobseeker’s Allowance. The Government Department advises that claimants should seek advice about the other benefits that they could be entitled to. DON'T MISSPension alert: You face a test at 75 which will determine tax [ANALYSIS]‘My heart dropped!’ Woman, 65, on PIP loses £1,000 to vicious scam [WARNING]'Not enough to live on!' Carer, 62, laments state pension sum [EXCLUSIVE] In most cases, a person will need to use their PIP award letter as their proof of entitlement and the other benefits claims could be backdated to them in certain circumstances. To be eligible for PIP a person must have a long-term physical or mental health condition or disability. People can also be eligible if they have difficulty doing certain everyday tasks or getting around because of their condition. These people receive between £24.45 and £156.90 per week to help with the additional costs of daily living and outdoor mobility needs. For daily living, the standard rate for 2022-23 sits at £61.85 and the enhanced rate is £92.40. For mobility, the standard rate is £24.45 and the enhanced is £64.50. People can receive the awards even if they are working, have savings or are getting most other benefits. The latest figures from the DWP released in April revealed that 2.9 million people claim PIP in the UK. In the first four months of this year, the DWP received 200,000 registrations and gave out 210,000 clearances for new claims. This is the high level since the PIP payments began. In Scotland, PIP is being replaced by the Adult Disability Payment (ADP) from Summer 2022. The eligibility requirements will remain similar and the payments will be the same. Scottish claimants do not have to apply for the payment if they already receive PIP or Disability Living Allowance (DLA) for adults from the DWP.