That grim decade was one of the darkest in our modern history, when the mix of economic decline, rampant inflation, soaring national debts and workplace militancy made our nation widely known as "the sick man of Europe". The mood of crisis and anarchy culminated in the Winter of Discontent during the early months of 1979, when mass walkouts brought the entire country to a halt. That year, more than 29 million days were lost to strikes, a graphic indicator of how the union bullies were willing to hold the public and the economy to ransom in pursuit of their extravagant pay claims. Though we have not yet plumbed those depths, we are certainly heading in that direction. Just like their predecessors in the 1970s, the big rail unions, made up of the RMT, the white collar TSSA and the drivers of ASLEF, display both a spectacular lack of responsibility and a puerile relish in flexing their muscles. As happened 50 years ago, the militants are infused with Marxist delusions, seeing themselves as the guardians of the proletariat. This fantasy is epitomised by RMT leader Mick Lynch who likes to pose as a class warrior despite his £124,000 pay package. At a rally in London on Saturday, he made a typically inflammatory speech, absurdly claiming that the Tories want to "butcher the working-class".Yet it is his own union that is punishing working people, most of whom earn far less than his members. While he blathers about the class struggle, it is his strike that is hitting livelihoods and pay packets. Tragically, in another echo of the 1970s, the industrial unrest seems contagious as it sweeps across our land. On Monday, the Criminal Bar Association announced that its members are going to mount a series of walkouts in pursuit of their demand for a 25 per cent increase in legal aid rates. Similarly, the 450,000-strong National Education Union is considering a strike ballot in support of its 12 per cent pay claim for teachers, while the permanently aggrieved British Medical Association is planning one to back its call for a 22 per cent rise in junior doctors' earnings. Other disputes are looming in the civil service, local government, the Post Office, NHS nursing and universities. Most people who lived through the 1970s look back on the mayhem with a shudder, but not the union bullies. To them, it was a golden age of untrammelled power. Mick Lynch openly admits that he is "nostalgic" for a return to that decade. This was a time when the unions had more than 13 million members, double their total today, and their bosses - like miners' leader Joe Gormley and the transport workers' chief Jack Jones - were household names. Regularly invited into Downing Street for "beer and sandwiches", they could dictate public policy. Yet the impact of their unprecedented influence was disastrous. In the name of solidarity, they made Britain almost ungovernable in the 1970s. Thanks to their selfish antics, ours was a land of power cuts, downed tools and three day weeks. The intimidating picket line and the bolshie shop steward were the twin symbols of this depressing era. Our biggest car maker, British Leyland, was brought to its knees by its trade union troublemakers, led by the notorious Derek "Red Robbo" Robinson. In 1977, a national strike by firefighters caused a state of emergency, while in 1978 a tanker drivers' dispute led to severe fuel shortages. Even worse followed in the Winter of Discontent, when a grave diggers' strike meant that bodies went unburied and a stoppage by refuse collectors led to rubbish being piled high in the streets. In a repellent example of union tyranny, striking shop stewards in the NHS awarded themselves the power to decide which emergency patients could be admitted to hospital. In the face of this politically-motivated madness, the Labour Government seemed utterly impotent. One Cabinet Minister, Bill Rodgers, accused his colleagues of "defeatism of the most reprehensible kind". All that changed in May 1979 when Margaret Thatcher was voted into office by an electorate which had grown to despair of the unions. Backed by this mandate, she courageously embarked on the task of pulling Britain back from the brink of lunacy. Today, Boris Johnson's Government must take inspiration from her record of defiance against the militants. Their power to inflict chaos must be curbed. Their inflation-busting demands must be rejected. Their obstructionism against reform must be overturned. The experience of the 1970s is union dominance equates with national breakdown.