Although there’s no miracle diet for arthritis sufferers, there are some research-backed foods able to improve stubborn joint pain and other symptoms. One potent food which could ease inflammation and consequently reduce pain is fish. Arthritis Foundation shares that some types of fish are packed with “inflammation-fighting” omega-3 fatty acids. Nataly Komova, RD and fitness expert at JustCBD, said: “Increasing your intake of healthy oils and fats by consuming fish like salmon, herring, sardines, mackerel, shad, and anchovies can help ease arthritis signs such as inflammation and joint pain. “Fish are packed with healthy omega-3 fats and other anti-inflammatory properties.” A body of research found that people who ate a lot of omega 3s had lower levels of two inflammatory proteins: C-reactive protein (CRP) and interleukin-6. READ MORE: Hair loss: Three ‘hair-care’ habits found to be ‘responsible’ for permanent hair loss As the joint condition is triggered by inflammation and swelling of joints, reducing the inflammation can subsequently help with pain. The expert said: “Eating fish regularly provides the body with essential omega-3 fatty acids that prevent and reduce inflammation. “The EPA and DHA fatty acids are responsible for decreasing inflammation and blocking the production of harmful enzymes, which can worsen the pain.” So eating these fatty acids could assist in managing and easing your joint pain.  Mrs Komova added: “They are effective in fighting joint tenderness, uneasiness, and stiffness. “Adding fish to your diet can boost omega-3 levels, promoting smooth blood flow in the joint tissues. “The healthy fats in fish possess certain chemicals that enhance lubrication and supply of nutrients in the joint tissues or cells to minimise friction during intense activities. “Omega-3 fats improve joint lubrication, which aids in reducing pain and inflammation for an overall healthier body.” When it comes to the amount you should eat, the American Heart Association and the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics recommend three to four ounces of fish, twice a week. The Arthritis Foundation explains that many experts claim that “more is better”. However, the NHS notes that you should only eat one portion of oily fish weekly, which is the equivalent of 140 grams when cooked. This is because oily fish are usually packed with pollutants in comparison with other types of seafood. If you’re not a fan of fish, you might also benefit from taking supplements, the Arthritis Foundation suggests. Researchers have recently shown that taking fish oil products helps to reduce joint swelling and pain and duration of morning stiffness in rheumatoid arthritis sufferers. The NHS adds: “If you take fish liver oil supplements, remember that these are high in vitamin A. “This is because fish store vitamin A in their livers. Having too much vitamin A over many years could be harmful.”