The Duke and Duchess are currently believed to be in the process of filming for their new Netflix series. But with Prince Harry and William reuniting over the Queen's Platinum Jubilee weekend, it has left many questioning whether the pair were able to have their much needed “heart-to-heart”.  Angela Levin told The Sun: “The barriers to a reconciliation between Prince William and his brother are a lack of trust in Harry and his unwillingness to fit into William’s increasingly full diary of royal work. “Harry once told me that William was the only person he could trust. “But the Duke of Cambridge now knows that when Harry talks to any royal, he repeats it on a TV channel in America. “You can’t have an honest heart-to-heart talk with someone being paid by Netflix.”  The comments come as Prince Harry has sparked fears of sharing intimate conversations on the new "at home with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex-style" show. In March 2021, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle sat down with Oprah for an interview about leaving their roles as senior royals, sparking worldwide controversy. In the interview, the pair spoke about personal conversations amongst members of the royal family, including Kate Middleton. After news of the Netflix series broke, some have questioned whether Prince Harry plans on sharing his private conversations from over the Jubilee weekend. READ MORE: Rod Stewart 'disappointed' by Harry and Meghan's treatment of Queen  Harry and Meghan are said to have allowed cameras into their Montecito mansion as the streaming giant demands its "pound of flesh" from the couple. Netflix bosses reportedly want the documentary series later this year when the Duke's tell-all book is due out. Over the Jubilee weekend, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex kept a low profile and were absent from the Buckingham Palace balcony - which was limited to senior royals. Harry and Meghan signed their lucrative deal with Netflix after quitting as working royals in 2020 and moving to California. DON'T MISS:Man slams 'entitled' neighbours who demand to use his pool [COMMENT]Furious Dr Shola erupts after Prince Louis 'smacks Kate' [OPINION]Desperate search for missing teen who hasn't used phone in days [PICTURES]  It recently emerged that Meghan's animated show Pearl had been dropped by the streaming giant, which lost 200,000 users over the first three months of 2022. Netflix said at the time that Archewell Productions remains a valued partner and they are continuing to work together on a number of projects, including the documentary series Heart Of Invictus. 