 The adorable moment with Zara and Mike Tindall’s daughter went viral online after the interaction was spotted by eagle eyed royal fans. Not only was the Duchess focused on keeping her three children Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis focused and in check, but she also looked out for the other royal tots.   The royal children were all excitedly interacting with each other throughout the festivities of the weekend, showing how close the bond is between the youngsters. Prince Louis was seen being cheeky and rather restless during the pageant, first being seen with his dad Prince William, then passed to his mother and he finally made his way to the lap of his grandfather, Prince Charles. Eight-year-old Mia Tindall was also restless and appeared upset as she put her head on Kate’s shoulder, hiding her face into the Duchess.   The mother of three gave her a cuddle in return and both she and Charlotte tried to comfort the young royal. In the viral clip shared on Twitter, the Duchess tenderly stokes Mia’s arm and fixes her hairband as she whispers something to the young girl. Princess Charlotte who was sitting next to her mother, with Mia in-between the two seats put her hand on Mia’s back. READ MORE: Boris 'set for SNAP ELECTION', fear panicking Tories   Zara Tindall, 41, and Mike, 43, were both in the royal box for the pageant along with their children Mia and Lena, three. Their youngest child, Lucas who turned one this year was also spotted briefly during the event. Mike was also seen engaging in a sweet moment with Prince Louis who stole the show with his reactions and facial expressions. The former rugby player joked and pulled faces at the young Prince during the parade to keep him entertained. DON'T MISS: Roger Gale warns Boris Johnson to face 'significant traps ahead' [REACTION]The 3 desperate tax cuts Boris could make to save his leadership [EXPLAINER]Raab rages at plotters as Boris to focus on 'bread and butter issues' [WATCH]   The royals appeared to be in high spirits following the success of the weekend as they all interacted with each other during the parade. Both Mike and Zara were also seen talking to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle who remained scarce during the weekend. The pageant was the closing celebration of the Jubilee weekend and the Queen delighted fans by unexpectedly appearing on the balcony at the end of the event. 