The Handmaid's Tale's fifth outing is on the horizon, having last been seen in April 2021. The dystopian Hulu drama sees June (played by Elisabeth Moss) deal with the fallout from the epic series four finale but will she survive the storm that's bound to come her way? Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the return of The Handmaid's Tale. The Handmaid's Tale season five will premiere on Wednesday, September 14, on the streaming service Hulu in the USA. Sadly, Hulu is currently only available in America with previous series shown on Channel 4 in the UK. At the time of writing, a UK release date had not been announced. Express.co.uk will update this article once more information comes out regarding the release of The Handmaid's Tale season five. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Hope returns as he takes revenge on Samson Leading the cast once again for series five will be actress Elisabeth Moss as rebellious June. She rose to fame as Peggy Olson in AMC's Mad Men which she starred in for eight years before it came to an end. Moss has also been in The Invisible Man, The One I Love, Us and Shining Girls. The 39-year-old actress will be joined by the previous series regulars for the upcoming season. Actress Yvonne Strahovski, who has previously been in Chuck and The Tomorrow War, will reprise her role as Serena Waterford. Helping June fight against those in Gilead are her husband Luke Bankole, who is portrayed by actor OT Fagbenle who is otherwise known for playing Barack Obama in the series The First Lady. They will be joined by June's best friend Moira, played by actress Samira Wiley. Prior to starring in The Handmaid's Tale, Wiley starred as Poussey Washington in the Netflix comedy-drama Orange Is the New Black. DON'T MISS...Bargain Hunt’s Caroline shares £2 item which sold for thousands [EXPLAINER]The Handmaid's Tale season 5 release date confirmed  [RELEASE DATE]The Handmaid's Tale: Emily star on 'stepping away' from series  [CAST] So far, a trailer hasn't been released for The Handmaid's Tale season five. As the series isn't going to air until September, it is still too early for any teasers to come out. However, Hulu has published a couple of images from the new series to get fans excited. One of which is of Moss as June, looking angrily at something or someone, while the other is of Serena, smiling while dressed in black with a veil over her face. The series five synopsis reads: “June faces consequences for killing Commander Waterford while struggling to redefine her identity and purpose. "The widowed Serena attempts to raise her profile in Toronto as Gilead’s influence creeps into Canada. “Commander Lawrence works with Aunt Lydia as he tries to reform Gilead and rise in power. "June, Luke and Moira fight Gilead from a distance as they continue their mission to save and reunite with Hannah.” The Handmaid's Tale season 5 will premiere on Wednesday, September 14, on Hulu in the USA. A UK release date has yet to be announced.