Twelve French departments have been placed on a "red heatwave alert", the Prime Minister announced earlier today. Writing on Twitter, Élisabeth Borne said: "Be vigilant! Stay hydrated, stay cool." The red alert is in place across Tarn, Tarn-et-Garonne, Gironde, Landes, Lot-et-Garonne, Gers, Haute-Garonne, Charente, Charente-Maritime, Deux-Sèvres, Vienne and Vendée. Météo-France has also placed 25 departments under orange alert. The forecaster warned of an "early and intense heat wave justifying red vigilance". It added: "Minimum and maximum temperature records are expected to be broken on Friday and Saturday." Up to 18 million people are expected to be affected by the alerts. The Ministry of Health has set up a free telephone number in order to answer questions and give advice relating to the extreme weather. Meanwhile, the Ministry of Education has announced that schoolchildren in the 12 red departments will be able to stay at home on Friday. The red alert is the highest level of the "national heatwave plan". It came into force at 2pm today. Earlier this week, more than 100 firefighters were deployed to tackle a forest fire in southern France. The blaze in the Lozere region burned 70 hectares of land. This comes as record temperatures for the month of June are expected across the weekend. Matthieu Sorel, a climatologist at Météo-France, said the hot weather is "the earliest heatwave ever recorded in France" since 1947 DON'T MISS: Semi-naked men in stores during heatwave and the laws around it [INSIGHT] How to stop sweat patches: 4 ways to beat the heat [REPORT] Sweltering conditions lead RAC to issue driver warning [REACTION] He added: "Many monthly and even absolute records should be broken in several regions." Temperatures are expected to reach up to 39 degrees in some parts of the country, remaining high at night. On Saturday, Météo-France has predicted highs of 42C in the south of Aquitaine to Berry, and 35 to 40C almost everywhere else. The hot temperatures arrived in the country last Tuesday and have been seen across Europe. Spain saw highs of up to 43 degrees last weekend. Meanwhile, water is being rationed in several cities in Northern Italy. Some parts of the country are preparing to declare a state of emergency as a result of a record drought threatening crops. The UK has also seen record temperatures this week, with temperatures reaching up to 34C today. Yesterday, London saw highs of 29.5C. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega