Ukraine's army said it launched airstrikes on Zmiinyi Island, also known as Snake Island, causing "significant losses" to Russian forces. Operational Command South confirmed it had undertaken "aimed strikes with the use of various forces". The military operation is continuing. Ukraine's military fired on Russia targets 150 times in the southern region of the country. The Operational Command South said it had destroyed a host of Russian units, including a two self-propelled howitzers and an ammunition depot, as well as five armoured and military vehicles. The Kyiv Independent tweeted: "Ukraine’s military fires on Russian targets 150 times in southern Ukraine. "Operational Command 'South' said it destroyed two self-propelled howitzers, one artillery tractor, a station for electronic warfare, one ammunition depot, and five armoured and military vehicles." The Operational Command South is a formation of Ukrainian Ground Forces in the southern part of Ukraine, which was formed in January 1998. This is the latest hammer blow for Putin, who has seen his Russian forces continue to struggle since its invasion of Ukraine on February 24. Russian troops have left a path of destruction throughout Ukraine, with large parts of the country reduced to rubble. But Putin, who has also lost several high-ranking personnel in battle, has seen his men fail to make significant advances in many major cities, with fierce Ukrainian resistance forcing them out. In an intelligence update on Tuesday, the UK Ministry of Defence (MoD) highlighted some of the difficulties Russian forces have been faced with. READ MORE: Ukraine: Zelensky hits jackpot with new fighter jet deal The MoD tweeted: "On June 17, 2022, Ukrainian forces claimed their first successful use of Western-donated Harpoon anti-ship missiles to engage Russian maritime forces. "The target of the attack was almost certainly the Russian naval tug Spasatel Vasily Bekh, which was delivering weapons and personnel to Snake Island in the north-western Black Sea. "The destruction of the Russian vessel on a resupply mission demonstrates the difficulty Russia faces when attempting to support their forces occupying Snake Island. "This is the latest in a series of Russian vessels, including the cruiser Moskva, to be damaged or destroyed by Ukraine during the conflict. DON'T MISSRussia loses closest ally as China cuts off exports to Moscow [LATEST]Ukraine war could become ‘waiting game’ between Russia and Europe [COMMENTS]EU withdrawal allowed Britain to ‘take the lead’ in Ukraine [OPINION] The MoD intelligence update added: "Ukrainian coastal defence capability has largely neutralised Russia's ability to establish sea control and project maritime force in the north-western Black Sea. "This has undermined the viability of Russia's original operational design for the invasion, which involved holding the Odesa region at risk from the sea." On Monday, the MoD's intelligence update tore apart Russia's air force, claiming it has "underperformed" during the war in Ukraine. The update read: "In the conflict to date, Russia’s air force has underperformed. Its failure to consistently deliver air power is likely one of the most important factors behind Russia’s very limited campaign success. "It cannot gain full air superiority and has operated in a risk-adverse style, rarely penetrating deep behind Ukrainian lines. Some of the underlying causes of its difficulties echo those of Russian Ground Forces. "For years, much of Russia’s air combat training has highly likely been heavily scripted and designed to impress senior officials, rather than to develop dynamic initiative amongst air crews. "While Russia has an impressive roster of relatively modern and capable combat jets, the air force has also almost certainly failed to develop the institutional culture and skill-sets required for its personnel to meet Russia’s aspiration of delivering a more Western-style modern air campaign. This has led to a greater than planned weight of effort falling to ground troops, who are becoming exhausted; and on advanced cruise missiles, stocks of which are likely running low."