GB News presenter Eamonn Holmes recently spoke about why he missed out on jubilee celebrations, as his back issues sent him to hospital. In his new column for Express.co.uk, Eamonn revealed how instead of Buckingham Palace, his destination for the weekend of celebrations was Belfast's Royal Victoria Hospital Spinal Injuries unit via ambulance. Opening up about the events which happened before and after, he explained: "I’d ended up in hospital after waking up in the middle of the night suffering excruciating pain. "I immediately knew something wasn’t right. "The pain was from two prolapsed discs in my back, and after an MRI scan at 2am in the morning, I was prepped to go in for an emergency operation at 8am. "Shortly before I was about to be wheeled down and go under the knife, a surgeon decided it wasn’t the right course of action," Eamonn revealed READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Hope returns as he takes revenge on Samson He added: "The pain I was in meant that I was mentally ready for the operation. But what I wasn't ready for was the comprehensive care package I was receiving from the doctors and nurses by my bedside. "It quickly became clear that one of the reasons I hadn’t been rushed into surgery was due to the complexity of back conditions and the many effects and consequences of spinal injuries. "I ended up having my whole health diagnosed. It was a one-stop-shop all under one roof." Eamonn's wife and Loose Women presenter Ruth Langsford also recently opened up about her husband's health scare. After opening the ITV talk show on June 7, co-star Janet Street-Porter asked: "Now, Ruth, before you get any further. "There’s something I’ve got to ask you, how’s my Eamonn? “He’s been in the papers today, his back is playing up, and he’s in hospital.” Appreciative of her friend's concern, Ruth revealed: "He’s not [in hospital] now, he’s out now. He’s resting at home. DON'T MISS...Eamonn Holmes breaks silence on hospital dash and thanks NHS 'angels' [INSIGHT]Eamonn Holmes shares worrying health update upon GB News return [LATEST]Ruth Langsford gives Eamonn Holmes health update after hospital dash [WATCH] "But he’s had this bad back problem, and it played up again, and he ended up in hospital for a couple of days. “It’s been a bit worrying that’s why I wasn’t here last week, and he is out now and resting at home.” Due to his health scare, Eamonn took to his Twitter account to reveal to his GB News viewers why he hadn't been presenting. He tweeted: "Hi everyone, many of you have been asking why I haven’t been presenting GB News for the past week. “Unfortunately, due to a reoccurrence of a long-term back condition, I’ve had to undergo some unexpected hospital treatment and am now following doctor’s orders by taking a short time off.” He added: “However, I’m looking forward to being back alongside Isabel [Webster], my Breakfast co-presenter and friend, next week. “Even though I only joined GB News six months ago, the whole team and our amazing audience have shown me immense support, which has been greatly appreciated. “I now just need time with my family to heal and recuperate. See you soon, Eamonn.” Eamonn Holmes presents GB News alongside Isabel Webster, Monday to Thursday from 6am.