Which brings me to Keir Starmer. Despite the fact that, thanks largely to master politician Ricky Gervais, it now seems okay to say if you have a uterus you are probably a woman and if you have a penis you are probably a man, Sir Keir still seems incapable of drawing a that conclusion. He does not find the question helpful. And actually on that he might be right. We as a species seem to be spending far too much time on earth working out how we define or do not define a microscopic fraction of our society, and of course how we assign their relative pronouns.Instead of, say, debating whether it is really high time we started sending fighter aircraft to help fight a very, very serious war in Ukraine and stop tens of thousands of innocent people from being blown to pieces.Which strikes me as a bit more pressing. But, hey, I am old fashioned like that. Fortunately the Prime Minister, perhaps wary of just how dreadfully the rank and file Brits responded to Keir's ridiculous dithering, last night took a more robust approach.Asked whether a woman could be born with a penis, Johnson replied: "Not without being a man".Which is pretty much in line with the Clapham/Preston/Norfolk etc omnibus view. Pressed on whether this meant that the Prime Minister thought there was a difference between being a woman and a transgender woman, Boris said: "Yes. Look it's very, very important that as a society we should be as understanding of everybody else as possible. I've always stood for that."When it comes to, when you start to move from issues of sexuality to issues of gender you start to raise particular problems."I think I've spoken of three concerns I've had in the past. They are to do with the age at which you can deem it competent to transition, the question of safe spaces for women and the difficulties you have with sporting competitions. "These are all very difficult problems and you have to be very sensitive. But these are the areas."In the obfuscating, fact-dodging world in which we live, where "my truth" has replaced "the truth" it was positively forthright. Finally.