Cleaning influencer Dominika, who is known as Washy_Wash on social media, has shared six ways food items can be used around the home to clean. The cleaning expert teamed up with Coffee Friend to share her cheaper and more eco-friendly alternatives to buying new products. She said: “I am Dominika, a Gloucestershire-based cleaning influencer known as Washy_Wash. “I started to film cleaning videos last year and I love to try unconventional methods for cleaning. I aim to show eco and chemical solutions because I believe that people should have options. “I’m a mum of two boys, so as you can imagine, I am cleaning daily and am always looking for solutions on how to clean smarter, not harder.” Here are Dominika food item cleaning hacks: The cleaning expert suggested using rice to clean irregularly-shaped bottles or vases in the home that are difficult to clean. READ MORE: Homes Under the Hammer mum increases a home’s value by £95k All homeowners need to do is pour the raw rice into a vase and add a little soapy water. Rotate and shake the bowl for a while to get the rice into each bend to clean it. Grapefruit can be used to clean sinks and bathtubs, leaving a pleasant scent behind. Cut the grapefruit in half and soak it in table salt. This will remove limescale and any mild mildew. It’s not secret that lemon has multiple handy uses around the home. Lemons can be used to clean the microwave.  DON'T MISSHow to clean gold - the only DIY method you should ever use [INSIGHT]How to clean washing machine seals with white vinegar - ‘best way’ [UPDATE]Garden cleaning hacks: ‘Best techniques’ to revive your garden shed [ANALYSIS] Pour lemon wedges into a bowl of water and put it in the microwave. Turn the microwave on for two to three minutes at maximum heat. Leave the microwave door closed for a few minutes after it has been switched off to prevent all the steam from escaping. Finally, wipe the inside of the microwave with a cotton cloth. The same hack can be used in the oven too for 20 minutes on 200C. Just ensure you use a oven-proof dish instead of a bowl. Lemons can also be used to clean dishwashers overnight. Put squeezed lemon in a bowl in an empty dishwasher overnight - it will make it smell fresh with little effort. Lemons can be used to disinfect wooden chopping boards. Rub a sliced lemon on a chopping board to remove stains and bacteria from the surface. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea For particularly resistant dirt, use a little salt, which you will scrub into the surface with a lemon. Coffee and tea-stained cups and mugs can be cleaned using lemons. Use the lemons in the same way as cleaning the chopping boards. Fresh ground coffee absorbs unpleasant odours while smelling great. Fill a bowl with ground coffee and put it in the cupboard or fridge. It can stay there for more than a week but if it’s being used to oust a specific smell then the coffee should be changed after a day for fresh coffee. Repeat until the unpleasant smell is gone.  Taps covered in limescale and watermarks can be cleaned with white vinegar. Soak a tea towel in white vinegar and leave it on the tap for 10 minutes. The white vinegar will remove water marks and limescale from the faucet and will leave it shining. Use the vinegar to clean the sink too. Banana peel and a cotton cloth can be used to clean leather shoes. Wipe the shoe with the inner side of the banana peel and then with the cloth. Using it regularly on leather shoes will protect them from cracking.