Manchester United are willing to spend a similar amount on Frenkie de Jong as they did for Bruno Fernandes, according to reports. Erik ten Hag is eager to be reunited with the Barcelona star, with the duo previously working together at Ajax. And the saga is still ongoing, with the Red Devils yet to agree a fee with their La Liga counterparts. Manchester United have been eyeing De Jong for weeks, now, with the club still locked in talks with Barcelona as they look to bring the 25-year-old to Old Trafford. And the Telegraph say the Red Devils value the Netherlands international at £56million, which is ‘around what they paid’ for Fernandes. Fernandes moved to Old Trafford back in the January transfer window of 2020 and, while he struggled last term, has been largely a consistent performer. Should De Jong sign, it’s feasible the Barcelona star and United’s current No 18 would both be deployed together. But while United have set their price for De Jong, there’s still no guarantee the 25-year-old will end up making the move to the Premier League. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Barcelona are keen to get as much money as possible for the midfielder, who only arrived from Ajax three years ago. They need to balance their finances, even though they received a huge cash boost of around £555m recently after the club voted to sell some of its rights. De Jong is not the only midfielder to have been linked with a move to United, either, as they look to back Ten Hag. Ruben Neves of Wolves has been mooted as a potential target - but Bruno Lage has previously stated it would take a fee close to £100million to let their prized asset go. Likewise West Ham with Declan Rice, who is now expected to remain at the London Stadium after being priced out of a move. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links United’s interest in Vitinha surfaced in the week yet the Porto star is now closing in on a move to Paris Saint-Germain instead. And while they like Kalvin Phillips, the Leeds star is wary of a backlash if he ends up leaving Elland Road for Old Trafford this summer. United chief Richard Arnold, meanwhile, confessed to supporters at a pub that the club were working hard to bring De Jong in. "Money is not a consideration on who we want,” said the Red Devils supremo, who replaced Ed Woodward earlier in the year. “The manager wants him (De Jong) and they have actually done the work. He's a great player. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "Is it £100 million or £200million? I don't know. Get who you (expletive) want. “Do you want me buying the players? Does that not ring a bell?" One unidentified fan at the pub said: "He said Murtough is working from six in the morning until 10 at night trying to get the De Jong deal done. “There's £200m for transfers. He wouldn't let any other targets slip. "He was honest with us and that helped defuse the situation. There were around 20 of us in there and telling him exactly what we thought but by the end of it, we'd piped down." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And a United spokesperson said: “Richard heard that a group of fans had gathered in a pub near his house. “He went to meet them, bought them all a drink, listened to their views, and explained what the club is doing to deliver success on the pitch, improve the stadium, and strengthen engagement with fans.” United also want to strengthen their defence this summer. Jurrien Timber, Denzel Dumfries and Pau Torres have all been linked amid uncertainty over their futures at Ajax, Inter Milan and Villarreal respectively. And they’re keen on landing a new forward, too, with Raphinha, Christopher Nkunku and Antony all emerging as potential transfer targets.