Jonathan Sacerdoti, a royal commentator, told Royally US the Royal family already boasts “tight coordination” but that it will only get “better” with the Cambridges’ move to Windsor. Prince William and Kate, it was revealed this week, will be leaving their home in London to move to Adelaide Cottage on the Queen’s Windsor estate. It is believed the family want to be closer to the monarch, who has been suffering from episode mobility issues, and downsize from their residency in Kensington.    Mr Sacerdoti said: “So I think they’re probably able to see each other, and be in touch, as much as they need. “They have offices and courtiers who work for them and help coordinate everything. “So, I think the tight coordination between members of the Royal family will only get tighter and better, rather than worse, as a result of the move. “There’s no way they’re going to do something now that would jeopardise their ability to keep in touch and maintain a solid, unified front in terms of how they face the world and carry out the activities they are meant to.”    The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will move to the four-bedroom cottage in time for their three children, George, Charlotte, and Louis, to start school together in Windsor in September. It has been reported that the residency will have no live-in staff but rather eight workers who will commute in each day. The cottage used to be a favourite of Queen Victoria, who would regularly have her breakfast in the little house on the Windsor estate. It underwent major renovations in 2015, meaning it requires little to no work, a fact that is believed to be a big draw for the Cambridges, who were hesitant to spend taxpayers' money on redoing it. READ MORE: Prince William 'throwing his weight around more' to protect family PR [REVEAL]   The family are believed to be looking forward to “starting a new chapter in their lives together”, according to one royal source, while the move away from London did not pose any problems. They moved into Kensington Palace Apartment 1A in 2017, leaving their country residence, Anmer Hall, on the Sandringham Estate in Norfolk. The London palace has remained their headquarters for nearly five years, but the family are “very keen for a modest home” away from the grandeur of Kensington. The royal source said: "Kate and William were very keen for a modest home to start their new lives in Windsor. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry irrelevant! William's 'brutal' Megxit verdict [LIVE]Prince William sparks fan frenzy with heart-melting nod to Charlotte [REPORT]Outrageous claim Kate & William fed up with Meghan [REVEAL]   "Adelaide Cottage fits the bill because it is a four-bedroom home and they do not need any more as they have no live-in staff. "They were adamant they didn’t want anything too showy or anything that needed renovating or extra security so as not to be a burden on the taxpayer. "The three children will enjoy running around and playing in the gardens, which is the kind of life they enjoy so much when at Anmer Hall." The source added: "They had no other demands than a pleasant family home close to schools and the Queen.”   