Haas F1 boss Gunther Steiner believes it is ‘not possible’ for Mick Schumacher to continue crashing his machinery at the unsustainable rate he has done so in 2022. The German has suffered two major crashes this season, causing damage in Saudi Arabia and Monaco last time out to leave the American team facing multiple million-dollar repairs. Schumacher once again struggled this season when his Monte-Carlo race ended prematurely. The 23-year-old clipped a barrier on entry to the Swimming Pool Section and fortunately avoided serious injury after slamming into the wall. The gearbox, which caused the race to be red-flagged, broke off the back of his Haas machinery after he hit the barrier and slid into the Tecpro barrier in the exit. Schumacher’s chassis is currently being repaired at the Haas factory, but his Ferrari power unit is still reportedly useable. It was Schumacher’s second major collision of the season after he smashed his car in Saudi Arabia, with his Haas again breaking in half in Monte-Carlo. The German also collided with compatriot Sebastian Vettel at the inaugural Miami Grand Prix, while he is yet to secure a single point during the first 28 races of his F1 career. While he has tried to avoid placing pressure on the young star, Steiner revealed he has spoken to Schumacher about the incidents. He insisted Haas simply cannot afford for many more errors from the German. READ MORE: Mercedes boss Toto Wolff 'hopes' for Ferraris and Red Bulls to crash “I think he knows that it is not good for the team to crash,” Steiner said to media members. “If I would have had to explain that to him then he shouldn't be here, he knows the damage. “We [have] passed [the team's crash budget]. We passed that in Jeddah. We are beyond the allowance for crashes. We need to try to make savings somewhere else. “It’s just not possible to continue like this, and he knows this. Even for him, crashing into a wall is not healthy, at some stage. He wants to score points; if you do that you don't score points.” Schumacher also has to figure out his future plans, as the German is part of Ferrari’s young driver programme. He is a reserve driver for the Scuderia, and the possibility of him one day donning the iconic red overalls for the Italian motorsport giants has been long-touted. DON'T MISSGeorge Russell SNUBBED as Mercedes driver 'shouldn't be chosen'Hamilton fulfils unusual request from Mercedes fan at Azerbaijan GPAzerbaijan GP qualifying result: Leclerc pole, Hamilton investigated However, Ferrari are enjoying their partnership of Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz while Schumacher is struggling. Steiner suggested another incident in Baku on Sunday would prompt a chat between Haas and the young driver. “I would say so,” Steiner admitted. “At some stage, we run out of parts; we cannot keep up making them, even if you throw money at it, physically you cannot do it. We need to make sure that, here, nothing happens. “He just needs to adjust himself and not do what he did in Monte Carlo. There is no one simple answer. There are a lot of things we need to sort out now.” The 22-race F1 2022 campaign continues with the Azerbaijan Grand Prix in Baku on June 12.