Scarlette Douglas, 32, is known for her role on A Place in the Sun, helping couples find their dream home. The presenter has now continued her love for property on her latest venture, this time with her brother, Stuart Douglas, as he admits that he "jumped on her coattails" for his TV career. Scarlette takes part on Flipping Fast alongside her brother and Amazing Spaces George Clarke. Express.co.uk asked Stuart how he started his career in TV and if his sister has offered him any help. He replied: "Scarlette has always been a presenter and it just goes on and you learn and develop from there. "She transitioned from being a performer in the West End in musicals to presenting. So I’ve really jumped on my sister’s coattails. "I have been extremely fortunate that I can learn from my sister, I can learn a hell of a lot from George Clarke. READ MORE: Richard Madeley and wife Judy in rare joint appearance at Ascot "The production teams I’ve worked with have been so supportive. So yeah, I’m just riding this wave and I am really enjoying it." Stuart also revealed that he actually started out in property development before his sister, when he was a professional footballer. He revealed: "I used to be a professional football player. So I bought my first house in St Albans when I was playing for Leeds Town and then whenever I moved clubs I tried to buy a house in a similar location or vicinity to the club I was playing. "I just thought that was better than renting. Scarlette at the time was in West End musicals and being self employed I said that she needed to invest her money for the best return. "And it was at that point I said put it into property, I have bought a few myself and I think you should try and do something similar. And that’s how we started really. "So it was more as a financial investment rather than a passion that we do together. But once we started we realised we really enjoyed working together. "We also realised we both have a passion for properties, so that was how the partnership really started." Flipping Fast follows six teams from across the UK who think they have what it takes to make it as big time entrepreneurs. DON'T MISS... Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [INSIGHT] Loose Women's Ruth Langsford slams 'rude' colleague [COMMENT] Dame Deborah James looks radiant at Royal Ascot [PICS] The budding developers are given a whopping £100,000 investment to kickstart their business, competing against each other to see who can make the most profit from property in just 12 months. The competitors receive advice from George, Scarlette and Stuart, but they will only be able to get the chance to find out how the others are doing when each property listing goes live. As well as getting to keep their profits, the winner gets a cash prize of £100,000. Express.co.uk asked Scarlette if she faced any obstacles on the show. She replied: "As property is whether it's paying a developer, whether it’s the property market as there's turbulent times when it’s not great and you think why have I done this or it’s going great and you’re on a massive high. "So you will definitely see throughout the series the highs and lows of property that everyone has endured in this competition. "But there is a part in the show that I won't go into but there's a moment where someone had something really bad happen. "It could all flip on its head, but you are just going to have to wait and see what happens!" You can watch Flipping Fast tonight on Channel 4 at 9pm