Those in power at Newcastle are growing frustrated over their ongoing failure to rubber-stamp moves for Sven Botman and Hugo Ekitike despite months of tense negotiations, according to reports. The Magpies are widely expected to spend heavily in the summer transfer window due to their newly-found Saudi backing and have already completed the signing of Matt Targett from Aston Villa, with Burnley goalkeeper Nick Pope also expected to be officially unveiled over the coming days. Newcastle are still in talks with Lille and Reims at club level in order to find agreements with regards to Botman and Ekitike respectively and have made plenty of progress over the last few weeks. However, they remain some way off being able to confirm the arrivals of both players, which is proving to be a source of irritation for those who have been working on the two deals, according to The Athletic.It is claimed that both moves are over six months in the making, with Newcastle having initially opened talks with Botman and Ekitike during the closing stages of the January transfer window. The Magpies feared that Botman would eventually decide to snub their advances in order to join AC Milan, but it seems as though the Dutchman is still considering a move to St James' Park in advance of the new campaign.Lille have been tough negotiators, though, with Newcastle having been left annoyed by the French club's tendency to move the goalposts whenever an agreement has been close. Botman is believed to prefer the idea of a move to AC Milan but would be paid a higher salary at Newcastle, while Lille are said to be keen on eventually striking a deal with the Tyneside club in order to take advantage of their financial riches. JUST IN: Liverpool were 'one step away' from Jadon Sancho before Man Utd move Newcastle are refusing to simply bow down to Lille's demands and have been haggling in order to drive down Botman's asking price over the last few weeks. They are also said to be considering their list of alternative targets in the event of the proposed move falling through, with the summer addition of a new central defender having already been prioritised by the Magpies.Their pursuit of Ekitike is also ongoing despite a fee in the region of £25million having been agreed upon by Newcastle and Reims during talks over a move for his services. The 19-year-old was initially targeted in January but decided to stay at Reims in order to weigh up his options in the market in advance of the new campaign. Newcastle wasted no time in resuming talks with Ekitike's current employers at the end of last season and have almost sealed a deal to finally bring him to St James' Park in the not-too-distant future. Although things have progressed smoothly at club level, discussions with the player's camp are said to have been torturous, with agent fees and assurances over playing time said to be the main sticking points.It remains to be seen whether Newcastle will eventually be able to strike deals to land Botman and Ekitike before the new Premier League season gets underway in early August. Both moves appear to be a long way down the line but are still far from being completed, with the next couple of weeks likely to be crucial in deciding the outcome of each proposed transfer. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here