Starz’s highly-acclaimed romance drama Outlander recently came to a devastating end for more than one character. However, things had turned out peculiar for Lizzie Wemyss (played by Caitlin O’Ryan), after she encountered a surprising twist, which the actress spoke out about.  The release of Outlander’s sixth season was one of the most highly-anticipated shows of 2022 and fans were forced to wait almost two years for its release. Viewers were intrigued to find out the fate of Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) after she had been attacked and assaulted. While she made her steady recovery and attempted to heal her trauma, things took a turn for the worse after she uncovered Malva Christie’s (Jessica Reynolds) dead body. As the Fraser’s had a number of issues on their plate they were faced with another unexpected announcement when Lizzie revealed she was pregnant. READ MORE: Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser As well as being the local nurse, Lizzie turned to Claire because she was unsure of who the father was. It was soon revealed Lizzie was having a romantic relationship with both the Beardsley twins, Josiah and Keziah (Paul Gorman). Lizzie shared her relationship with the boys had turned sexual while Claire was away when the twins were applying ointment on her skin to avoid malaria. When the news reached Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) he demanded for Lizzie to choose one of the twins to marry.  However, she found great difficulty doing so as she expressed: “You do not understand, they’re one soul in two bodies.” As a result, Jamie performed a handfasting between Lizzie and Keziah, as he was chosen to marry her after they both drew straws. This didn’t last long as Roger McKenzie (Richard Rankin) then handfasted her to Josiah, indicating she had married both the twins. While her storyline was a huge surprise for fans, the actress admitted the twist was a major shock for her too. After discovering her season six storyline, Caitlin admitted: “I was shocked to read it, of an 18th-century female.”  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Charity Dingle devastated as Noah killed off-screen [THEORY]Outlander fans fear beloved character will be killed off-screen [INSIGHT] Outlander’s Sam Heughan pays tribute to ‘fantastic’ co-star [INSIGHT] While Gorman added: “That kind of a scandal, on top of another scandal it could be incredibly damaging.” The actress continued: “I think the way in which they trick Jamie and Roger, I think that just goes to show how much they care about each other, in order to live the life they want. “I think that’s kind of inspiring really.” Fans will have to tune into season seven to see how Lizzie and her husbands will fare once the baby arrives.   Thankfully for fans, the wait won’t be too long as the instalment is currently in production and being filmed on location. The episode will also be longer than season six as it will feature sixteen episodes. After the series was renewed, Christina Davis the President of Original Programming for Starz stated: “Starz is committed to investing in unapologetic, bold premium storytelling that amplifies diverse voices and shines a spotlight on women in front of and behind the camera through our #TakeTheLead initiative. “The hit series Outlander embodies everything about our initiative including a powerful female lead character and an amazing team of storytellers. “We look forward to following the adventures of Claire and Jamie in America during the Revolution as well as more time travel during this next season.” she concluded. Outlander is available on Starz in the US and on Starzplay in the UK. 