In a speech on Tuesday, General Sir Patrick Sanders, the Chief of the General Staff, said Britain faces its “1937 moment” and must be prepared to act rapidly in the face of Russian President Vladimir Putin’s “brutal aggression”. In his first public engagement since taking up the post, Gen Sanders said Putin and his “expansionist ambitions” posed the greatest threat to sovereignty, democracy and the freedom to live without violence that he has ever known. Gen Sanders, who took up the post this month, said: “We are mobilising the Army to help prevent war in Europe by being ready to fight and win alongside our NATO allies and partners. It will be hard work - a generational effort – and I expect all ranks to get ready, train hard and engage.” He compared the current situation to the run up to the Second World War, saying Britain must be ready to “act rapidly” to ensure it is not drawn into a full-scale conflict through its failure to keep Russia in check. He said: “In all my years in uniform, I haven’t known such a clear threat to the principles of sovereignty and democracy, and the freedom to live without fear of violence, as the brutal aggression of president Putin and his expansionist ambitions. “This is our 1937 moment. We are not at war – but must act rapidly so that we aren’t drawn into one through a failure to contain territorial expansion. “I will do everything in my power to ensure that the British Army plays its part in averting war.” He added that the British Army “is not mobilising to provoke war, it is mobilising to prevent war”. Gen Sanders called the scale of the war in Ukraine “unprecedented”. He said that, ultimately, deterring Russia “means more of the army ready more of the time, and ready for high-intensity war in Europe”. He added that includes everybody “from the General in the Main Building to the young Lance Corporal in the barrack room, from the reservist on a weekend exercise to the Civil Servant in Army Headquarters”. The new Chief of the General Staff told the army to focus on urban warfare and how to operate alongside planes and helicopters as the force rebuilds its diminshed stockpiles of weapons and ammunition. He said the army's mobilisation is “not the rush to war at the speed of the railway timetables of 1914” but is instead an “acceleration of the most important parts of Future Soldier's bold modernisation agenda… an increased focus on readiness and combined arms training.” Future Soldier is the name given to the army's plans for its capabilities. His address to the Royal United Services Institute (Rusi) think tank in London on Tuesday, June 28, comes after Gen Sanders wrote to all the troops under his command telling them they must prepare “to fight in Europe once again”. It comes after NATO vowed last night to boost its rapid reaction force numbers from the current 40,000 to more than 300,000. The announcement came as Prime Minister Boris Johnson and other NATO leaders prepared to meet in Madrid for a crunch summit beginning on Wednesday. The two-day summit will be focused on bolstering NATO’s military support in eastern Europe and reaffirming support for Ukraine months after Russia’s invasion. Leaders are also expected to discuss the growing global influence of China. Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said member states are expected to unveil a “transformative” approach to their security and defence strategy in what is expected to be the biggest overhaul of the Western military alliance since the end of the Cold War.