Manchester United have been told that they are behind four of their Premier League rivals when it comes to teams that players would want to join in England's top flight. The Red Devils endured a miserable season last term, finishing sixth and missing out on qualification for the Champions League. They have attempted to correct the course of the ship with the appointment of Erik ten Hag as Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's permanent successor. The Dutchman is expected to lead a large overhaul of his new squad, with 11 players having already been released. But they are still yet to make their first signing of the summer window, with a move for Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong dragging on. That puts them behind many of their main rivals at the top of the Premier League, most of whom have already conducted a sizeable portion of their business. Former Tottenham star Jamie O'Hara is not surprised by that though, insisting that United have fallen from their previous standing. Instead, he believes the likes of Manchester City, Liverpool, Chelsea and Tottenham are all far more attractive propositions for transfer targets. READ MORE: Four players Man Utd can sign if Christian Eriksen snubs move "It used to be Manchester United, Barcelona, Real Madrid, if they came knocking, you were going, that was it, you were going. There was no other club you wanted to play for. Manchester United in England," O'Hara told talkSPORT. "Now, they've lost that pulling power, they really have. You'd rather sign for Man City, Liverpool, Chelsea, Tottenham. They've fallen so far down the pecking order it's almost unacceptable." DON'T MISS: Keys calls Pogba a 'virus' as he insists Man Utd 'well rid' of star (INSIGHT)Man Utd 'focused on two other deals' in addition to De Jong transfer (TRANSFERS)Man Utd warned of Erik ten Hag 'chaos' and told to be wary of De Jong (ANALYSIS) With just over a week until players begin to return for pre-season training, Ten Hag will hope that his club's business picks up. Midfield in particular looks light on bodies following the departures of Nemanja Matic, Jesse Lingard, Paul Pogba and Juan Mata. While he has been brought in in part due to his pedigree of working with youngsters, new signings are badly needed. The squad last year showed that it was unfit for purpose, with major boosts needed.