Cleaning star Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, garnered popularity after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast now has more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. On one such group, Facebook user Moira Berry asked Mrs Hinch fans: “The stains are not coming out of my tea towels what are your suggestions please?” Moira’s post was inundated with responses but the most popular was to use Napisan. Jan Litscher said: “Soak in a bucket of Napisan then put on a 60C wash.” Shelby Foley replied: “Napisan! Best stuff ever.” READ MORE: Cleaning: I used a 13p fruit to remove limescale from my kettle Helena Enefer commented: “Soak in Napisan then wash normally.” Grace Sinclair wrote: “Soak in Napisan then put through a wash.” June Johnson said: “Napisan is very good.” Napisan Non Biological Stain Remover is £3 from Wilko.  DON'T MISSInterior: ‘Biggest’ kitchen trends to avoid - ‘overdone and dated' [INSIGHT]Cleaning: How to remove rust from radiators - ‘easiest’ tip [UPDATE]Alan Titchmarsh shares best way to keep 'weeds down' in veg patch [ANALYSIS] Napisan is also available from Tesco for £4.20 and from Morrisons for £4. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using dishwasher tablets, Steradent tablets, Vanish powder and Elbow Grease. Danielle Mall said: “Dishwasher tablet in with a 40C wash.” Jan T Worrell Gawlas commented: “I wash mine at 40C then fold them into the sink with washing powder or liquid and pour kettles of boiling water over them and leave overnight.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Julie Marie Myerscough replied: “Steradent, I put four tablets in a bowl of hot water overnight. “I also put my teaspoons in also.” Susan Smith said: “Spray with Elbow Grease, spray on all the stains, rub together for a while then put in washer. “Stains should come out, if not, repeat again.  “Stains should have completely disappeared.” Cheryl Mackie commented: “I do 40C with Vanish Oxi Crystal White - brilliant stuff.” Janice Layden said: “Soap powder on a hot wash.” Sue Carolan replied: “Soak in Milton. “Two caps of white vinegar in the wash for whites.”