Paul Pogba has aimed criticism at Manchester United following his departure on a free transfer. The France international was recently cut loose, with Erik ten Hag opting against keeping the midfielder. And, in a new documentary, the 29-year-old speaks about his time at Old Trafford. Manchester United thought they’d struck gold when they forked out £89million to sign Pogba back in the summer transfer window of 2016. Things initially went well for the midfielder, who propelled them to Carabao Cup and Europa League glory in his first season under Jose Mourinho. But Pogba often struggled for consistency at United and, despite his obvious talent, was unable to fulfil his potential. Now, in a new documentary due to be released on Amazon Prime, the World Cup winner has vowed to prove United wrong. “My thought process is to show Manchester (United) that they made a mistake in waiting to give me a contract,” he said, as quoted by The Athletic. “And to show other clubs that Manchester had made a mistake in not offering me a contract.” Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer And Pogba also appeared to aim a dig at his old employers, too, slamming their conduct behind the scenes. “How can you tell a player you absolutely want him and offer him nothing?” said the France international. “Never seen that.” Pogba was struck by tragedy recently when his agent, Mino Raiola, passed away at the age of 54. The super-agent also appears on the documentary and expressed a belief that something was ‘blocking’ his client during his time in Manchester. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links “We must try to make you feel as good as when you are with the French national team,” he said. “You’re different with them. You understand? You’re another Pogba with the Manchester United team. It’s not normal. “With the France team, you’re the real Pogba, the Pogba of Juventus, the Pogba that everyone loves. “With Manchester, there’s something blocking you.” Pogba has been linked with numerous clubs in the short time since it was confirmed he’d be leaving United behind. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Real Madrid were, at one point, seen as frontrunners but they’re now unlikely to move for the former United star after snapping up Aurelien Tchouameni from Monaco. Paris Saint-Germain are in the mix, especially given Kylian Mbappe now has more power at the Parc des Princes. Barcelona were in for Pogba back in 2018 but their financial situation makes a transfer difficult. So, therefore, all signs are pointing to the midfielder making a sensational return to Italy with old club Juventus. United, meanwhile, sent a message to Pogba when they confirmed he would be departing Old Trafford on a free transfer for a second time - having previously done the same in 2012. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “It was a low-key end to a United career that had brought so many individual high moments, so many beautiful goals, assists and pieces of skill,” they said. “But for a boy that joined the Academy at 16 to make over 200 United appearances and lift the Youth Cup, along with two major pieces of silverware – not to mention the World Cup at international level – is something that should be applauded and celebrated. “Everyone at the club would like to congratulate Paul on his successful career, and thank him for his contributions to Manchester United. “We wish him all the best for the next chapter in his career." Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here