Tottenham Hotspur remain interested in Wolves winger Adama Traore as Barcelona won’t be converting his loan deal into a permanent transfer, but are not the only Premier League club that want to sign the Spaniard this summer. Before Traore returned to Barcelona on loan from Wolves, Spurs held a long-standing interest in the 26-year-old. Antonio Conte’s side are said to still be interested in signing Traore, but will face competition from fellow Premier League clubs Newcastle United and Leeds United according to Graeme Bailey of 90min. He claimed that after Barcelona passed on the option to sign Traore permanently, he will not be turning out at Molineux for next season and Bruno Lage’s team will look to offload the winger before his contract expires in 2023. After attempting to sign Traore in January, Tottenham remain interested in the Spanish international but Newcastle and Leeds have also previously enquired about the winger, who has just one year left on his contract. Traore spent the second half of the season on loan at Barcelona and began his second spell at the Nou Camp brightly, but was relegated to a bench option under Xavi and made just four league starts for the Spanish giants. Traore got an assist on each of his first two starts for Barcelona against Atletico Madrid and Espanyol, but failed to score or assist in any of his final nine league games. He set up two goals in Barcelona’s Europa League intermediate stage second leg win away to Napoli. Once Tottenham’s long pursuit of Traore ended in January, they turned their attention to Juventus’ Swedish winger Dejan Kulusevski who joined initially on loan and has made a bright start to life at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. The 22-year-old scored five goals and registered eight assists in 18 Premier League appearances as he formed a strong partnership with Harry Kane and Son Heung-min as the trio fired Spurs to fourth place and a Champions League spot next season. During Tottenham’s interest in Traore, it was claimed that Conte intended to play the Barcelona academy graduate at wing-back. Traore has previously played in that role for Wolves and Middlesborough, and the Italian manager has struggled to find a consistent right wing-back since joining the club in November. Emerson Royal has played the majority of games but disappointed with his final product. Matt Doherty won his place back on the flank and produced two goals and four assists before suffering a knee injury that ended his season. Tottenham have already signed one player this summer who could turn out at wing-back, as Ivan Perisic was announced by the club on Tuesday as their first signing of the window when he joins on a free transfer from Inter Milan.