The BOEING 767-300 left Manchester Airport at 10:31 this morning, one hour and six minutes later than its intended take off. The TUI flight was heading for Cape Verde, with an estimated arrival time of 14:26pm. But the plane was spotted circling over Merseyside for nearly three hours after sending the signal. The 7700 Squawk code is designed to immediately alert Air Traffic Control to an aircraft in distress and can often be used to indicate a technical or engineering issue with the aircraft. The TUI plane proceeded to fly over the Peak District National Park, Wrexham and Merseyside for two hours and 30 minutes before returning to Manchester Airport. This follows weeks of traveller chaos across UK airports, with German travel giant TUI seeing hundreds of flights affected. The tour operator has previously apologised for delays and cancellations, adding they were doing "everything we can to limit any flight delays". Earlier this month, Manchester was plagued with chaos as passengers experienced delays, huge queues, and missing luggage. Manchester Airport tweeted at the time: “We are aware of challenges being faced by a number of airlines and handling agents, which is leading to delays at check in and baggage reclaim for some passengers. “Airlines and their ground handlers are responsible for their own check in and baggage handling services. “Passengers are advised to direct any questions or concerns about these issues, or anything relating to their flight to their airline, who will be best placed to respond. READ MORE: Paul McCartney splits Glastonbury fans with Johnny Depp video “However, this is not the experience we want passengers to have at Manchester airport and we are sorry to hear customers have faced disruption. “We are in contact with the senior management teams of the relevant airlines and ground handlers to understand the cause of these issues, and to support their efforts to resolve them as quickly as possible.  “Our colleagues are on hand in the terminal to provide assistance to customers and we are working hard to ensure security waiting times are as quick as possible. “It remains our advice that passengers should arrive three hours before their flight and to be as prepared as they can be for their journey through the airport.”  DON'T MISS:Boris Johnson health: PM taken to hospital as Raab forced to step up [COMMENT]Time to stop meddling EU! Truss rallying cry as she plots to DEFY bloc [INSIGHT]Brexit border tech fix hailed by Irish firm 'Surprised was dismissed!' [ANALYSIS] 