Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have returned to the UK to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Body language expert Judi James analysed the gestures they exchanged during the event. Judi started by saying that "whether you are team Sussex or team Cambridge it has to be said that Meghan’s body language so far on this difficult, poignant trip to the UK has been well balanced and impeccable". The body language expert explained: "She could have buckled under the booing or looked upset at being pushed into the back row and virtually ignored by the top tier of the Firm." Judi said the rest of the Royal Family were "busy looking even more elegant, poised and regal than usual, with Charles even blowing a kiss at Kate to suggest levels of affection, fondness and admiration". READ MORE: Lady Louise Windsor health: Royal's ‘profound’ battle with eye problem This is something he "has never shown in public before, even to his wives," the expert claimed. Judi continued: "The man who walked Meghan proudly down the aisle, beaming with a similar sense of paternal affection and delight, yesterday walked past her and his younger son with no sign of acknowledgement. "Wherever the blame can lie, it would have been challenging for anyone other than an actress to face up to the UK public and her husband’s family like that with a calm smile and an easy-looking confidence."  But what does Meghan and Harry's body language as a couple suggest? Judi explained that unlike her last appearance with Prince Harry before leaving the UK, there seemed to be "no exchanged glances or muttering between them to suggest any response from her". However, the couple exchanged a few meaningful "signs". Judi explained "when Harry’s emotions fluctuated between signals of anxiety to some outbursts of attempts at playfulness she kept a firm course". "Just once placing a hand on Harry’s back to hint he should avoid anything bordering on attention-seeking," she revealed. The body language expert explained: "She held hands with Harry but without any of their signature PDA add-ons. "There were no sightings of any strokes, pats or other tie-signs of reassurance to suggest she was trying to commiserate or help him through the emotional event. "It could easily have been a moment to signal either self-pity or anger or resentment at the down-grade or to bombard Harry with looks to suggest he made the right choice. "Instead she looked adult and quietly confident." To attend the Thanksgiving ceremony at St Paul's Cathedral, Meghan wore a Dior white dress which she combined with an impressive white hat from the same brand. The Duchess of Sussex finished her look with a pair of white stilettos and her Snowflake Snowstorm diamond earrings.