Sadly, the Queen was unable to attend because of a flare-up in her health problems, a matter of deep regret to her given both her sense of duty and her devout Christian faith. And this shadow was further darkened by the physical evidence of the continuing rift at the heart of the Royal Family, as the Cambridges sat far apart from the Sussexes. It appeared that not one word was exchanged by the brothers, once so close. But there was a very different atmosphere on Thursday as Elizabeth II happily took her place on the Buckingham Palace balcony, flanked by three generations of her family, to greet the massive crowds that had gathered in The Mall. “It’s wonderful,” she said as she looked out on the sea of red, white and blue, while RAF Typhoons flew overhead in a formation that spelt 70. Opponents of the monarchy will focus on the first image, telling themselves that it shows an institution in crisis. But such thinking is a delusion. The scene on the balcony is the one that really counts for the future, demonstrating not only the security of the line of succession but also the phenomenal popularity of the Royal Family. No elected head of state could have brought out the crowds in such numbers or with such patriotic fervour. Indeed, there was a reminder of how changeable the public mood can be towards politicians when Boris Johnson and his wife were loudly booed as they arrived at St Paul’s. Little more than two years ago, the Prime Minister had record-breaking approval ratings as he won a landslide General Election victory. In contrast, the Queen – standing above the partisan fray - has almost always enjoyed huge support. In the latest opinion polls, more than 80 percent of the public backed her. That enthusiasm is also reflected in the outpouring of affection for her over these four Jubilee days, as more than 200,000 community lunches and 85,000 other events are held. It is a remarkable fact that, in our turbulent age of democracy dominated by talk of equality and denunciations of privilege, Republicanism remains an eccentric, despised cause. Even left-wing politicians who believe in the abolition of the monarchy are reluctant to express such views openly because attacks on the Crown are such a vote loser. When avowed Republican Tony Benn proposed in the mid-1960s that the Queen’s head be removed from British stamps, he was slapped down by his Prime Minister Harold Wilson, just as his attempts to downgrade the Silver Jubilee celebrations in 1977 infuriated his boss Jim Callaghan, who called them “nonsense”. As we celebrate the Platinum Jubilee, the monarchy has never looked stronger. The House of Windsor is not in any danger whatsoever, with the Crown due to pass from Charles to William and then to his son George. Moreover, the Duchess of Cambridge is a tremendous asset because of her mix of star quality and gift for connecting with the public. In contrast, Harry and Meghan are increasingly irrelevant as interest wanes in their publicity-grabbing antics. It is absurd to pretend that the Queen’s frailty represents some kind of existential menace to the Crown. With her mind as sharp as ever, she can still do much of the statecraft of her role and even attend many events with the help of walking aids. Meanwhile, no one is better equipped to fill-in for her than the Prince of Wales, by far the longest serving heir in British history and a man with a deep concern about the welfare of the nation. Prospects for British royalty are far more serene than they have been at moments in the past during the Queen’s reign. Like during the aftermath of Diana’s death in 1997, when she was accused of not grieving with sufficient openness and fervour. Or the fall-out in 1957 from an inflammatory article written by the maverick Tory Lord Altrincham, who denounced her style as that of “a priggish schoolgirl”. Altrincham was widely condemned, but the Queen reformed the Palace and adopted a more media-friendly approach, taking her popularity to new heights. Even before Elizabeth II’s accession, the Royal Family easily survived far greater crises, like the Abdication of 1936. Queen Victoria’s refusal to fulfil her responsibilities following the death of her beloved husband Prince Albert in 1861 prompted widespread disillusion. Yet Victoria saw a phenomenal revival in her appeal during her old age, as shown by the public’s acclaim at the Diamond Jubilee of 1897. It was said: “The crowds were indescribable and their enthusiasm marvellous and deeply touching.” Those words could have been written about Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee. As the cheering British public today recognises, the Crown is integral to our identity. We would lose part of our nationhood if it were to be abolished.