New Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has reportedly set the club's board a deadline to complete a deal for Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong. The two Dutchmen could be reunited at Old Trafford this summer as Ten Hag looks to turn United's fortunes around. Ten Hag wants to wrap up the signing of Netherlands international De Jong before the start of pre-season, it is reported. The Barca man could be on the move this summer with the La Liga side's financial situation still looking bleak. De Jong played under Ten Hag at Ajax as the club reached the semi-finals of the Champions League in the 2018/19 season before he left for the Nou Camp. The 25-year-old has cemented his place as one of the best midfielders in the world during his time in Catalonia. But it looks as though he will be on the move before next season with Barcelona needing to raise funds and Ten Hag keen to make him part of his new look Red Devils side. Talks have proved relatively fruitless so far, but that doesn't appear to have deterred Ten Hag. According to journalist Jacque Talbot, Ten Hag wants to wrap up a deal as soon as possible, with a move confirmed by pre-season at the latest, with United kicking off their busy preperations with a tour to Thailand and Australia in early July. De Jong is thought to be Ten Hag's priority target this summer, having lost a number of midfielders from the squad inherited from Ralf Rangnick. Jesse Lingard, Juan Mata, Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba have all departed, leaving Ten Hag short of options in the middle of the park. And it is claimed that De Jong will be a vital part of Ten Hag's rebuild. De Jong could well be joined at United by former Ajax and Ten Hag favourite Matthijs de Ligt after the Juventus man was involved in an 'explosive meeting' with the Serie A side. According to Corriere dello Sport, De Ligt is considering leaving the Italian giants after contract terms broke down with the Bianconeri. The report states that the Dutch prodigy is ready to call time on his career in Italy after a fiery meeting with club chiefs over a contract renewal. After joining the Serie A giants for £67million in 2019, De Ligt has told the club he wishes to be sold as a result of the fractured relationship. United are one of many in Europe interested in his services, a bidding war is expected to break out to maximise any potential fee. De Ligt will refuse to return to the negotiating table after his fall-out, and with just two years left on his deal a sale could be arranged this summer in a bid to collect as much money as possible.