The Queen has appeared on the Buckingham Palace balcony as part of official celebrations for her Platinum Jubilee. The 96-year-old monarch was seen inspecting troops returning from the Trooping the Colour ceremony. She was joined by her cousin, the Duke of Kent, and was greeted by cheers from the crowds. As the country celebrates the Queen’s longest reign, experts and commentators at GB News discussed if the monarchy can survive the loss of the Queen. The British Monarchy is known as a constitutional monarchy with either a King or Queen as head of state. This means that, while the Sovereign is Head of State, the ability to make and pass legislation resides with an elected Parliament.   Although the Sovereign no longer has a political or executive role, he or she continues to play an important part in the life of the nation. Speaking to Benjamin Loughnane, Bow Group's research fellow for Migration, GB News host Mark Dolan asked: “Can the monarchy survive the loss of the Queen, which of course, sadly will eventually happen?” Responding to his query, Mr Loughane said: “I think it will. Obviously, it will be very difficult for the other people as the majority of the people in the country have known the Queen as the monarch of the country. “It will be a difficult thing for the people to adjust to having Charles as the King, in fact a King instead of having a Queen. READ MORE: Jubilee LIVE: Lip reader says what royals REALLY said while on balcony   “One of the attributes of Elizabeth is that she's channelled the strength of her femininity into the role. She sort of defined what a monarchy is and I think that soft touch is an attribute of that. “It will be difficult for a lot of people to adjust.” Queen Elizabeth II became queen in February 1952, at age 25, and was 27 at the time of her official coronation in June 1953. The Queen's formal coronation ceremony in 1953 — about four months after she actually took the throne upon the death of her father, King George VI — was the first to be broadcast on live television. DON'T MISS:UK weather: Brits bask in 25C Jubilee heatwave Zelensky lauds Ukraine’s ‘testament to the faith’ US military hackers conduct ‘defensive’ operations to aid Ukraine