Jorge Mendes has earned himself a sizable commission for overseeing Fabio Vieira’s transfer from Porto to Arsenal. The Portuguese super agent is well known for his brokering of big-money moves and his agency Gestifute representing the 22-year-old midfielder has turned him a tidy profit on this occasion.    Vieira has signed a five-year deal with Arsenal after the Gunners agreed to pay Porto an initial fee of £30million (€35m), with a further £4m in performance-related add-ons. Porto released a statement on Friday to confirm the deal and the figures involved in the transfer, but a report from Portuguese newspaper Ojogo has added further details, which make for interesting reading. The report states that Mendes will actually take a 10 per cent cut of the final amount, amounting to £3.4m. That’s because there was reportedly an agreement between the agent and the club which meant any transfer that exceeded £25.8m (€30m) would see half of the difference would be paid to Mendes. That is quite the pay day for the Portuguese agent – and another one could be just around the corner. Mendes is also representing another Porto midfielder, Vitinha, who is on the brink of securing a move to Paris Saint-Germain. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has five defenders on transfer shortlist  Le10 Sport reports that Vitinha and Lille’s Renato Sanches are both on their way to Paris this summer. Sanches will cost PSG £25m (€30m), while Porto are said to be seeking closer to £34m (€40m) for former Wolves loanee Vitinha. That will mean another sizable chunk of cash for Mendes, who has the same agreement with Porto over Vitinha. Altogether he will take home around £11.6m (€13.5m) – just for organising two transfers for young Porto midfielders. DON'T MISS Tottenham 'trying' to hijack Gabriel Jesus bid as Arsenal 'hold talks' Arsenal told to buy alternative Prem star despite Gabriel Jesus belief Arteta told he has already made Arsenal 'statement' before Jesus deal  Mendes is well known for his strong links to Porto, where his agency Gestifute have offices, while Wolves are another key ally for him. As well as up-and-coming players like Vieira and Vitinha, he represents world-class stars like Cristiano Ronaldo, Joao Cancelo, Fabinho and Diogo Jota. Vieira admitted over the weekend that he would happily have stayed put at Porto, where he contributed 14 assists and six goals last season, but Mendes encouraged him to move to Arsenal. “I was always happy at Porto but this chance is important for any professional," he told The Mirror. “Playing in the Premier League won’t be easy and I promise only to work, work, work. My agent worked on the deal between the two clubs and I accepted the deal because it was important for all parties. I have always watched the Premier League on TV." 