Windermere is at risk, with likely causes including filth from sewage works, farming and almost 2,000 private septic tanks. Dead trout, eels, pike and endangered whiteclawed crayfish were found this week in Cunsey Beck, a stream that flows into the Cumbrian lake.  Charles Watson, chairman of River Action, said: "The situation on Lake Windermere is yet another shocking example of the failure to protect our nation's rivers from pollution.Smelly "For many years, Windermere has been used as a sewer for the tourist trade and it is nothing other than a national scandal that Britain's most famous lake is filling up with dead fish." Zoologist Matt Staniek's petition calling on the Environment Secretary George Eustice to "save Windermere from sewage and an environmental catastrophe" has been signed by more than 49,000 people. Local landowner Ed Sandys, of the nearby Graythwaite Estate, said the water was smelly and discoloured. The Environment Agency is investigating and said about 200 dead fish had been reported. Christine Colvin, of the Rivers Trust, said: "Windermere has some very specific challenges with a huge increase in the use of septic tanks during peak visitor periods. This needs careful management and monitoring of small-scale systems. As a national treasure, it's critical we find the solutions for this area that can cope with these seasonal fluctuations. "It is also vulnerable to pollution from more conventional sewage works. We are pushing the Government to set more urgent targets in its plan to tackle the problem. We want to see sewage in all of our rivers tackled urgently." READ MORE: Swimming in UK's polluted waters could lead to respiratory infections  The Daily Express Green Britain Needs You campaign has highlighted the state of the country's waterways. Just 14 percent of English rivers are of good ecological standard, official figures showed. Water companies discharged raw sewage into English rivers 372,533 times last year. To sign the change.org petition, use the following web address, which takes you straight to the right page: tinyurl.com/savewindermere 