Caller Mohammed from South Shields rang up to speak with journalist Eddie Mair about the disruption the travel industry has caused him. The caller confirmed that his brother's wedding has now been completely called off, as 80 guests who were supposed to be on the cancelled flight have no other way to get to Egypt. Mohammed discussed trying to reschedule the flights from another airport but claimed that those flights had been cancelled too. The British travel industry has been plunged into chaos over the past month, due to holidays being in high demand. But the industry has been suffering from a lack of staff to meet those demands. Mohammed told LBC: "Hi I was going to my brother's wedding over in Hurghada next week, but with 80 guests, 80! "And the airline wrang yesterday, at five o'clock and said the whole flight is cancelled and..." Mr Mair added: "Sorry whereabouts was this, I didn't catch where it was." Mohammed said: "Hurghada Egypt, he was getting married over there with 80 guests and with six days to go they say look we're not running the flight. "So my brother said can we not go from Gatwick and they said we've stopped that flight as well." JUST IN: Have Your Say: What do you want to see Boris do to make Brexit a success?     Mr Mair said: "What are you all going to do? Mohammed added: "Blackpool I think, I don't know, we don't know I mean we've asked how long it will take to get the money back from the airline, and they said it could take up to 12 weeks to get the money back so..." Mr Mair said: "So is there no alternative... Sorry, I'm asking questions, I'm sure you've asked yourself and the airline but do they not have to try to get you on another flight?" Mohammed added: "Yeah but you're talking 80 people, getting 80 people all on the one aircraft and that's not going to... Unless you go on different aircraft, different days, different airports to get from London via Zurich, or via Turkey or via I don't know another airport in Egypt you know." Mr Mair said: "So what is the wedding off then?" Mohammed added: "The wedding is completely off, it's been cancelled." READ MORE: Putin humiliated as Zelensky's troops capture deadly Russian thermobaric weapons    The chaos British travellers have been experiencing with airports and airlines has been ongoing this past month and some experts have warned that it will get worse. Some travel experts have warned that the disruption is due to the pandemic, as many people are trying to go on holiday after not being able to travel properly since 2020. Airports are experiencing a lack of staff which in turn has caused delays. Some Britons have been stuck both abroad and at UK airports for up to 13 hours at a time due to the trouble. Holidaymakers can claim at least £220 depending on the distance of the flight that has been cancelled. TUI, Wizz Air and British Airways are some of the main companies Britons are using this summer and they have been multiple issuing cancellations. Editor of Which Travel? Rory Boland said: “Some holidaymakers have been notified on the day they were due to travel, which is totally unacceptable. “We continue to hear concerning examples of the airline failing to fulfil its legal obligations to passengers and ignoring their rights. “If a flight is cancelled within 14 days of departure, passengers could be entitled to compensation and should be offered the option of being rerouted using another carrier if necessary. “We know this requirement is not always being met, so the government and Civil Aviation Authority must intervene where airlines are playing fast and loose with the rules."  