Liverpool have suffered a blow to their hopes of signing Benfica star Darwin Nunez after several Spanish teams reportedly entered the race. The Reds are in the market for a new forward, with Sadio Mane edging closer to joining Bayern Munich. Jurgen Klopp's side had appeared to be in pole position to sign the Uruguayan, with reports emerging that they are ready to smash their transfer record. Benfica are understood to be looking for a fee in the region of £85million, with three years still to run on his contract. Though Liverpool are thought to be ready to pay close to that figure, they appear to have been hit by a major blow to their hopes. According to ESPN, 'a number' of La Liga sides are 'monitoring' Nunez's situation, with the transfer window opening on Friday. The Reds have 'registered' their interest in Nunez, but are yet to submit a formal bid for the 22-year-old. With the Spanish sides now keeping a close eye on the striker, Liverpool may have to move up their timeline for making a move. READ MORE: Liverpool could seal De Ligt transfer after Juve contract talks stall The Reds have 'registered' Nunez himself is said to be 'keen' to play in the Champions League next season, at whichever club he ends up at. That would put Liverpool in pole position unless the Spanish sides interested include Real Madrid, Barcelona, Atletico Madrid or Sevilla. It is not only the Spanish teams who are interested in rivalling Liverpool for the signing of Nunez though. The report states that Manchester United are also ready to make a move for the Benfica star. DON'T MISS: Darwin Nunez 'picks between Liverpool and Man Utd transfer' (NEWS)Liverpool receive Gakpo transfer boost as Reds hunt Mane replacement (TRANSFERS)Liverpool 'make club-record Nunez bid' with Klopp 'crazy' about star (INSIGHT) That would put Liverpool in pole position unless the Spanish sides interested include Real Madrid, Barcelona, Atletico Madrid or Sevilla.  The Red Devils are in the market for a forward having seen Edinson Cavani depart Old Trafford at the expiration of his contract. Nunez is said to be 'high up' their shopping list for the position. Despite his desire to play in the Champions League, United are said to believe there is a 'chance' he can be convinced to move to Manchester instead. Though his high valuation is a problem for the Red Devils, they do have a 'sizeable' budget to conduct their expected overhaul this summer.