The Trooping the Colour parade, which marks the Queen’s official birthday, will kick off the Queen’s Jubilee celebrations on Thursday. It has marked the sovereign’s official birthday for over two and a half centuries, although as the Queen battles mobility issues, there is still a question mark over whether she will attend the key event of the Jubilee. Earlier this week, Prince William oversaw the final rehearsals for the parade, carrying out the Colonel’s Review in full ceremonial uniform, complete with bearskin hat. Each year in June, the most prominent Royal Family members have gathered around Her Majesty, 96, to watch the RAF flyover from the Buckingham Palace balcony. Professor Pauline MacLaran, of Royal Holloway, University of London told Express.co.uk that over time, the “balcony appearance has become quite a significant royal ritual”. Professor MacLaran described how, this year, it will be "a very symbolic moment that is likely to be used during the Platinum Jubilee to indicate the strong future of the monarchy”. But precisely who appears alongside the monarch during Trooping the Colour could be an intentional indicator of internal Royal Family dynamics. Professor MacLaran said that we can “expect that Charles, William and George will all be close to the Queen” as they enjoy the end of the parade. She said that their presence will indicate the monarch’s “vision of the monarchy going well into the future”. But cherry-picking exactly who takes which place, or whether they take any place at all, during Trooping the Colour is a “clever” tactic from the monarch, she argued. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie and husband Jack to move to Portugal Click and drag your cursor across the image to take a walk through royal history She added: “This time those present will be working royals and by using this in her decision making about who gets to join her on the balcony, the Queen is cleverly avoiding the obvious controversies over Prince Andrew and Prince Harry should they attend.” In previous years, the Queen has been surrounded by her late husband, Prince Philip, her son, Prince Andrew, and the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who stepped away from royal duties two years ago. But ahead of the Jubilee celebrations, the Palace confirmed that only working members of the Royal Family would assemble on the balcony on Thursday. But there is expected to be a second balcony appearance to conclude the Jubilee appearance on Sunday. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan will 'not make a scene' at Jubilee [LIVE] POLL: ​​Should Meghan and Harry appear on balcony during Jubilee? [POLL] Prince Harry and Meghan warned to 'look carefully how they behave' [REVEAL] Royal sources have previously said the Queen “wants the world to see the heartbeat of her family and the future of the monarchy” during the People’s Pageant. Taking pride of place on Buckingham Palace’s balcony with the Queen will be Charles, William and George, the direct heirs to the throne, according to the Mirror. They are expected to be joined by Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. It is not yet known whether Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four, will feature alongside their elder brother. A Buckingham Palace spokesperson said the Queen had made the decision on the Thursday appearance “after careful consideration”. A statement read: “After careful consideration, the Queen has decided this year’s traditional trooping the colour balcony appearance on Thursday 2 June will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the royal family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen." But a number of royals who previously watched the finale of the parade from the balcony have been excluded from the lineup by this rule. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who have previously been snapped just next to the Queen during the emblematic appearance, will miss out on the 2022 photo opportunity. They will, however, make their way back to the UK for various other Jubilee celebrations across the weekend. A spokesperson for the couple described how the couple “are excited and honoured” to return for the national celebrations. They confirmed that the Duke and Duchess will bring their two children, three-year-old Archie and Lilibet, who will turn one on Saturday. It will be the first time the Queen’s great-granddaughter and namesake will meet many of her family members and touch down on UK turf.