Seven-times Formula One winner Sir Lewis claimed Piquet’s “archaic” attitudes had “no place in our sport” and had must be forced out. F1 authorities and Mercedes racing chiefs also sprang to the 37-year-old star’s defence and attacked the Brazilian’s vile language. The row exploded after clips emerged of a podcast interview given by the retired driver about Sir Lewis’ collision with Max Verstappen in last year’s British Grand Prix. He accused the Briton of pushing the Dutchman - who is dating Piquet’s daughter Kelly - off the track to force him out of the race. “The n******* put the car in the wrong way,” he said. “The n******* put the car in the wrong way on the corner, it’s because you don’t know the curve.” Verstappen, 24, was taken to hospital for a check-up, while Sir Lewis went on to win - despite being handed a ten-second penalty. Sir Lewis tweeted: “It’s more than language. These are archaic mindsets need to change and have no place in our sport. “I’ve been surrounded by these attitudes and targeted my whole life. There has been plenty of time to learn. Time has come for action.” He also posted in Portuguese - Brazil’s official language - “let’s focus on changing the mindset.” F1 said in a statement: “Discriminatory or racist language is unacceptable in any form and has no part in society. Lewis is an incredible ambassador for our sport and deserves respect." “His tireless efforts to increase diversity and inclusion are a lesson to many and something we are committed to at F1.” Mercedes, which races in black to oppose racism, added: “We condemn in the strongest terms any use of racist or discriminatory language of any kind. “Lewis has spearheaded our sport’s efforts to combat racism, and he is a true champion of diversity on and off track." “Together, we share a vision for a diverse and inclusive motorsport, and this incident underlines the fundamental importance of continuing to strive for a brighter future.” The FIA, motorsport’s governing body, said it “condemns any racist or discriminatory language and behaviour, which have no place in sport or wider society.” A spokesman added: ”We express our solidarity with Lewis Hamilton and fully support his commitment to equality, diversity and inclusion in motorsport.” Piquet, who won the world title three times in the 1980s, has a history of unpleasant remarks - once appearing to say he was better than the late Ayrton Senna because he had not died and insulting Nigel Mansell’s wife.