Wham! singer George Michael died on Christmas Day 2016 after suffering from heart and liver failure. On Wednesday, Piers Morgan was joined by Kenny Goss on his TalkTV, Uncensored, who dated George for 13 years. He opened up about how he felt when he first heard the news of his death and admitted that everyone "expected" him to die. Touching on the day he found out, Piers asked: "Kenny, when you heard that he had died at such a horrible young age, obviously you would have been massively shocked, but what were your emotions about it all given that you split up from him, but you had stayed close?" Kenny candidly revealed: "We stayed close, but we'd all expected him to die, I had spent so much time when we lived together being worried about him. "Honestly, he hated the fact that I worried about him so much. In his song, he says, 'When you look at me that way, it tears me in two', and it really did, I just didn't know what to do." Touching on their 13-year relationship with one another, Piers asked what his fondest memory of George was or one that he would love to relive. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jacob Gallagher's linked to Nicola King's attacker Kenny admitted: "There are so many, and what I do know is, is that there was a lot longer time I was incredibly happy with him than I was worried about him. "I might watch an interview and go, 'Wow, he looks good there,' and he always said such wonderfully kind things about me and that makes me feel good. "He always said that I saved his life, and I think that it's a bit much, but I really did try, and he often got upset with me because I don't think I ever called him and didn't say 'Darling, please'. "A lot of people loved him," he added, getting emotional. During the interview, Kenny also went into detail about how self-conscious and unconfident George was when it came to his looks. He revealed that despite struggles, he often told George that he looked good or he was handsome, which never seemed "enough" for the pop sensation. Looking back at a specific conversation they had, Kenny explained: "We had been together for two weeks, and he came home and said, 'Darling, what is good looking about me?' "And I said, 'Why are you asking me that?' and he said, 'Someone said you were better looking than me,' and I asked him the question again, and there were so many things I should have said." DON'T MISS....George Michael ex Kenny heartbreaking confessions about star's death [INSIGHT]George Michael ended Martin and Shirlie Kemp's US move amid argument [LATEST]George Michael: Singer died with inflamed heart - signs [MORE] Kenny and George first began their relationship in 1996 but only went public with one another two years later, when George came out as gay. George had previously opened up about his sexuality in the past and admitted that he kept it a secret for so long because of the effect it would have on his mother. The pair broke up in 2009, which was also kept out of the public eye, with George announcing their split three years later whilst performing on stage. He admitted: "In truth, Kenny and I haven't been together for two and a half years. I love him very much. This man has brought me a lot of joy and pain. "My love life has been a lot more turbulent than I've ever let on, and I'm so sad about my relationship with Kenny. I'm sorry for any pain." Despite their relationship breakdown and the struggles George was going through personally, Kenny stuck by his side as they remained close friends. Before his death, the pair began to spend some time together again, with a source revealing to The Sun: "George and Kenny are back spending time together again, and it's an exciting time for those of us who have been so worried over the last few years." Piers Morgan Uncensored airs Monday-Thursday on TalkTV from 8pm.