The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are set to quit their residence at Kensington Palace, which they have used as their main base since 2017, it is suggested. The change would involve moving into a property on the Queen's Windsor estate this summer. The proposed house swap has taken Royal experts by surprise, particularly given the amount of money the Duke and Duchess recently spent on renovating their Kensington Palace apartment. Robert Jobson, a royal expert, tweeted: "I was told personally and categorically by a senior aide to the Duke when millions of public money was spent on KP and Apt 1A for the Cambridges’ that it/KP would be their base when William became heir to the throne. "Is that now changing with the move to Berkshire?" According to the 2014 Sovereign Grant report, Prince William and Kate spent £4.5 million of taxpayers' money over two years on building work at their Apartment 1a home at Kensington Palace. The work included major roof repairs and the removal of asbestos from the premises. In addition, the couple privately paid for a second family kitchen to supplement the "working kitchen" used for official events. Royal fans were quick to jump to the defence of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, pointing out they were allowed to change their minds like any other normal human being. One user with the Twitter handle mog1717 wrote: "Gee. That was ten years ago & three children later. Priorities change. "Have you not changed your mind about anything in a decade Robert?" Others pointed out that the Queen's mobility issued might have played a part in the decision to move. Patricia Watts said: "It's quite possible no one foresaw Her Majesty's mobility issues. "Maybe The Queen asked William to consider the move...no one knows all the factors." READ MORE: Kate and William 'made no effort at all' to bridge gap with Harry Some argued that Prince William and Kate should be cut some slack given the great work they are doing. Twitter user with the handle KATEMOJI & MeghanMoji commented: "They have lived at KP while in London, for most of their marriage. "They will continue that for years, if not decades. "They are both doing excellent work & raising a beautiful family. "Can we not beat on them about this? I’m glad they’ll be w/ the kids, where they go to school." DON'T MISSMike Tindall's 'closeness to William created a dilemma' with Sussexes [INSIGHT]Kate and William give their children 'normal upbringing' [REVEAL]Earl Spencer sparks frenzy with hilarious joke on Prince George [SPOTLIGHT] Although they are moving to Windsor, the Duke and Duchess will keep their Kensington Palace property as their main London base. They are also retaining Anmer Hall, which they are said to still use on a regular basis. The 18th-century country home on Her Majesty's Sandringham Estate was gifted by the Queen to the couple after their marriage in 2011. It was home to William, Kate, Prince George and Princess Charlotte from 2015 until 2017. Before they moved in, the Georgian property underwent £1.5million worth of refurbishments, including the addition of a conservatory, a rerouted driveway and completely overhauled interiors with the help of designer Ben Pentreath. Kensington Palace has been approached for comment.