Manifest garnered comparisons to Lost after the show debuted in 2018 and focused on the passengers on board a missing flight turning up five years later. The passengers start experiencing visions and try to find out in in the years they were missing. Express.co.uk has the lowdown on the series. The good news is there will be another series of Manifest after Netflix saved the NBC from the axe. In 2021, NBC cancelled the show after three seasons but through the power of streaming services, Manifest got a stay of execution. Shortly before getting the chop, Netflix dropped the show with audiences lapping up the supernatural drama. Netflix then renewed Manifest for a fourth and final season, much the fan elation and making it just the latest series to be rescued. READ MORE: Manifest explained: What happened to the plane in Manifest? Netflix has previously saved Lucifer and Designated Survivor, while the streamer revived Top Boy and Arrested Development. According to reports from Deadline, the final season is expected to be split into multiple parts. The passionate #SaveManifest fan campaign is likely to have helped drum up interest in the show as well and came in the wake of the cancellation last summer. In a statement from August 2021 when Netflix saved the show, Manifest creator Jeff Rake said: “What started years ago as a flight of fancy deep in my imagination has evolved into the jet engine journey of a lifetime. “Never in my wildest dreams could I have envisioned the worldwide outpouring of love and support for this story, its characters, and the team who work so hard to bring it all to life. “That we will be able to reward the fans with the ending they deserve moves me to no end.” Rake concluded: “On behalf of the cast, the crew, the writers, directors, and producers, thank you to Netflix, to Warner Bros., and of course to the fans. You did this.” While Netflix executive Bela Bajaria said: “Since its premiere on Netflix in June, Manifest has proven very popular with our members. DON'T MISS...Sharon Osbourne rushes to US as Ozzy needs 'major' operation [UPDATE]Escape to the Chateau's Angel Adoree 'traumatised' by Dick's project [VIDEO]Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in for Gloria Hunniford [INSIGHT] “Jeff Rake and his team have crafted a beguiling mystery that has viewers around the world on the edge of their seats and believing again in second chances, and we’re thrilled that they will bring fans some closure with this final super-sized season.” Leading the show for the last outing will be Josh Dallas Ben Stone and Melissa Roxburgh as Michaela Stone. Other cast members expected to be coming back are Ty Doran as Cal Stone, Parveen Kaur as Saanvi Bahl, J.R. Ramirez as Jared Vasquez, Luna Blaise as Olive Stone, Holly Taylor as Angelina, Matt Long as Zeke Landon, and Daryl Edwards as Robert Vance. Sadly, actors Athena Karkanis and Jack Messina reportedly not coming back for the last cycle.  There will also be some new cast members joining in the form of Henry Kim and Kyle Bond. Fans will finally find out what happened to Flight 828 as the mystery is unravelled. Netflix shared a first-look clip from the forthcoming season as part of its Geeked Week Sneak Peek with Michaela investigating some shipping containers. There is no release date as yet but from the looks of it, more news will follow soon. Manifest season 4 will be released on Netflix soon.