Liverpool legend Steve Nicol has pleaded with Sadio Mane to give the real reason why he wants to leave Anfield this summer. Nicol believes Mane's main reason for wanting a transfer is to get an increase in his wages. Bayern Munich are strong favourites to sign the Senegal international whose contract at Liverpool expires at the end of next season. Mane has not publicly stated he wants to leave but he is widely reported to do so. The 30-year-old has won every trophy possible at Liverpool and was the club's second-leading goalscorer this season. Mane is reported to want a new 'challenge' away from Liverpool. But Nicol has given his cynical verdict. The former full-back reckons it is purely a monetary decision and has called Mane to say it how it is. READ MORE: Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's Eriksen move, Dembele to Chelsea update, Sterling's showdown  Nicol told ESPN FC: "I love the 'challenge' word. It's great isn't it. He's basically saying 'I want more dough'. "Come on, it's got nothing to do with the challenge. How's it a challenge? "It's a bigger challenge when you're at the very top to stay there. So just say it's about the dough, it's about the money, come on. Stop throwing in 'challenge'. "I will say though he's been fantastic for Liverpool, he still is fantastic, but the truth is Liverpool and 99.9 per cent of any other club can't pay everybody £5m and £6m, so you have to make choices. It is the right choice in my opinion because six months ago, a guy called Diaz came. DON'T MISSNewcastle ready to launch 'monster offer' as Arsenal pull out of £85m transfer race [REPORT]Gareth Southgate blames England loss on Hungary star and responds to boos [INTERVIEW]Liverpool 'prepared to sacrifice 10-goal attacker' in swap deal for Leeds star Raphinha [GOSSIP]  "So you know what? If you can't pay everybody £5m or £6m, you have to decide who you let go and keep. And if you have Diaz moving straight into that spot, then that's why for me, if you can get the £40m for Mane, then you do it." Mane said he would announce a decision over his future following the Champions League final against Real Madrid. However, he failed to do so. The forward has spoken to the media while on international duty this week, claiming he would listen to Senegal fans' opinion on his situation. Mane said: “Like everyone else, I’m on social media and I see the comments. "Isn’t it between 60 to 70 per cent of Senegalese that want me to leave Liverpool? I will do what they want. We will see soon! Don’t be in a hurry because we’ll see this together.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here