Caine first rose to fame in the 1960’s, around this same time, he also had a surprising encounter with well known siren of the silver screen and kept that night a secret for more than 40 years. The Hollywood legend is starring in crime comedy Going in Style, airing this evening on BBC One tonight.  Caine got his first film role in 1956, but it wasn’t until the early 60s that the south London native would start to see an uptake in his career. Bardot’s claim to fame as a French actress was already well established by the time Caine arrived on the scene. The pair were both working in Spain in 1964, albeit on completely different films. Caine, then 31, had headed to his hotel room for an earlier night as he had to be up early the next day. Bardot, then 30, snuck into his hotel room and reportedly demanded that Caine go dancing with her instead.  When promoting his autobiography, The Elephant To Hollywood, Caine shared the entire story in an interview with The Telegraph. He said: “I went to bed early one night, because I was completely knackered and I had to be up at six the next day, and I felt a hand on my shoulder and opened my eyes. “It was Brigitte Bardot. She had paid the bloody doorman to let her in, and she said: 'We're going out dancing, Michael, you've got to come with us'." Caine agreed, and noted that they never did have a romance. He also revealed he had avoided mentioning it in his autobiography as he felt no one would believe him.  Bardot had an extensive career, and was already seen as an international sex symbol at this point. She had posed for the cover of France’s leading women’ magazine at the age of 15 and had set multiple records across Europe before the start of the 1960s. Many questioned her choice to retire in 1973, seeing it as the young actress giving up in the midst of her prime. However, she would go on to establish an animal welfare organisation and now at age 77 reportedly unrecognisable from her starlet days. Although she has never expressed any regrets or embarrassment about her years as a sex symbol, she now reportedly has very little interest in her image and is totally dedicated to her cause.    On the other side of the spectrum, Caine’s career would go from strength to strength starting in the 1960s. Reportedly Caine saw his first movie at the tender age of four in 1936, which set him on a path of discovery and determination. The double Oscar winner left school at 16 and worked briefly before his National Service in the Queens Royal Regiment and Royal Fusiliers where he would spend time in German and Korea on active duty. Upon returning home Cain met and married his first wife Patricia Haines and got his first acting role in the film A Hill in Korea, which was not as successful as many hoped. The pair shortly had a daughter, Dominique, together, however, work was scarce and the family finances were dismal.  Caine’s own website notes he “found it hard to cope with lack of job opportunities” and ultimately these financial issues would be the beginning of the end for his marriage. In 1963, Caine’s luck would begin to turn as he got the role of Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead in the film Zulu, which follows the battle between British soldiers and Zulu warriors at Rorke’s Drift, South Africa. At its release Zulu was one of the biggest box-office hits in the British market. Tonight, one of Cain’s later films, Going in Style which follows three lifelong friends who plan to rob the bank that swindled their pensions, is airing. Going in Style is showing at 10:30pm on BBC One tonight. 