Manchester United are interested in a shock move for Brighton's Leandro Trossard this summer, according to reports. The Belgian international netted twice for his country on Wednesday in the 6-1 demolition of Poland in the Nations League and now it looks as though the Seagulls may face a fight to keep him before the start of the 2022/23 campaign. Trossard is out of contract in June 2023 but Brighton do have the option to trigger a one-year extension in his deal. Yet that hasn't stopped other clubs from taking note of his situation following an impressive individual campaign that saw him net a career-best eight Premier League goals. Now according Belgian TV channel RTBF via Voetbalkrant, Man United are interested in signing the 27-year-old. However, the Red Devils are not the only interested party with Newcastle also in the running. READ MORE: Liverpool target Darwin Nunez 'has private view' on sealing Manchester United transfer United know all about Trossard - perhaps better than any other Premier League club - after he carved them apart in Brighton's 4-0 thrashing of Ralf Rangnick's calamitous side in early May. Erik ten Hag is already in desperate need of new recruits after waving goodbye to six United players upon the expiry of their current deals. Paul Pogba, Edinson Cavani, Juan Mata, Jesse Lingard, Nemanja Matic and Lee Grant will all be moving onto pastures new at the end of the month. Trossard fits the bill in terms of a replacement for Mata or Lingard and the Premier League-proven Belgian can play multiple roles in attack. READ MOREBenfica respond to Man Utd 'swap deal offer for Darwin Nunez' with counter proposalLiverpool 'make club-record Darwin Nunez bid' with Jurgen Klopp 'crazy' about transferDarwin Nunez 'picks between Liverpool and Man Utd transfer' during private Benfica talks The dynamic forward recently teased that he would be willing to consider any offers that arrive from the 'Big Six', as he ponders his future with Brighton. "It was a bit out of context. I didn’t say I’d listen to offers. I just said you never know what happens in football," he said in April. "I am happy to listen to Brighton as well. We will see in the summer. I’m still here, I’m happy here so let’s finish the season well first and then we will see what the future brings." Moving clubs just five months out from the World Cup would represent somewhat of a gamble from Trossard ahead of this year's tournament in Qatar. Regular playing time with Brighton has provided him with a platform to maintain his place in Roberto Martinez's Belgium squad since his 2019 arrival at the Amex Stadium. United have not found themselves linked with many attackers up until now, which poses doubts over the extent of Ten Hag and the board's forward planning. Tottenham have already moved to wrap up the signing of Ivan Perisic while Liverpool are now closing in on Darwin Nunez from Benfica. The Reds were seemingly willing to go the extra mile and pay the big bucks required to beat United to the Uruguayan, who is strongly admired by Ten Hag.