Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel previously revealed that he wished he could have worked with Ousmane Dembele for longer at Borussia Dortmund - and the German may be about to finally get his wish. Dembele has been heavily linked with a move to Stamford Bridge this week after running down his deal at Barcelona. Tuchel and Dembele enjoyed just one year together, and the German hinted earlier this year that having to part with the French international was one of his biggest regrets from his time at Dortmund. Speaking back in January, Tuchel said: “He is a very good player when he is in his top level. I am very fortunate to have trained him in my time at Dortmund. It was only one year, it should have been longer. I needed to leave and he decided to leave. “From there we are not in closest contact, we met here and there because of his duties for the French national team and of course I was in Paris [Saint-Germain] so this was more or less when they were preparing for national duties, it’s very close to Paris. This is where we met or exchanged some messages. READ MORE: Man Utd join Christian Eriksen race as Erik ten Hag makes first transfer decision “He is in a situation, I have no idea why or what the situation and detail is. I know how I feel about it when it’s about my players so it is better not to talk.” Fortunately for Tuchel, he may soon be reunited with the tricky winger, with a new report from talkSPORT claiming that Chelsea are the favourites to land Dembele, who is set to be available for nothing when his contract at Barcelona officially expires at the end of the month. The 25-year-old has refused to commit his future to Barcelona and a move to Stamford Bridge - and a reunion with Tuchel - would make total sense for both parties. DON'T MISSMan Utd can pay £2m more for better signing if Ajax star Jurrien Timber snubs transferPau Torres picks between Man Utd and Tottenham transfer as 'both clubs offer £45m'Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting Chelsea are desperate to add some more firepower to their squad after their attacking stars fired blanks last season. Romelu Lukaku failed to live up to expectations after returning to Stamford Bridge in a club-record £97.5million deal, while the likes of Christian Pulisic and Timo Werner also disappointed. Although Dembele has been plagued by injury issues and his contract wrangle, the former Dortmund man managed to rack up an impressive 14 goal involvements in just 21 league games for Barcelona. Even though Dembele netted just twice in all competitions for Barcelona last year, the winger has the type of attacking guile that has been sorely missed in the final third at times by Tuchel and the Blues. For Chelsea, Dembele can breathe fresh life into their stale attack; for Dembele, Tuchel and Chelsea can breathe fresh life into his stagnating career.