The prestigious tournament is back from Monday, June 27, and with a drizzly weekend beforehand, the showers will not be easing for the first day of action. The Championships will begin with the Gentlemen’s and Ladies’ Singles first round, and will come to a close after a fortnight on Sunday, July 10. Organisers say it is the first time the event has been scheduled over 14 days and that each day will start from 11am. The full line up will be released each evening for the following day, but bosses have warned these plans are loose and can be delayed or changed due to adverse weather. Spectators with tickets to see one or more of the games may be wondering if they will need sunscreen or an umbrella. People planning to queue for same day tickets will also be wondering if they want to brave the wet conditions. The on-the-day ticket queues are making a return for the first time after they were scrapped during the pandemic. Weather predictions for the first day are not too glorious, with rain expected to lash the capital from around 1pm. The Met Office estimates temperatures to sit at 19C for much of the first day and warns of unsettled conditions from this weekend in Greater London. By Tuesday, June 28 rain is set to cover much of the UK, according to WX Charts, and this includes a spell over Wimbledon. But it’s not all bad news, as according to Jim Dale, senior meteorologist at British Weather Services, the situation will improve. He told Express.co.uk: “It will be a mixed start with showers but it will get better with time.” READ MORE: Andy Murray retirement expected as Brit tipped for Wimbledon farewell It says: “A generally unsettled start to the period as a band of potentially heavy rain continues to move east across the UK on Saturday. “This is followed by sunny spells and showers, some heavy and possibly thundery.” But it does also allude to better conditions at the start of July. “Southern parts will probably see more in the way of dry weather. DON'T MISS: Glastonbury Festival weather forecast: Lightning and thundery downpours to hit Somerset [LATEST]Mick Lynch accuses Tories of ‘hype and fantasy’ amid strike action briefing [REACTION]Energy crisis lifeline as expert claims heat pumps are ‘no brainer’ despite huge cost [EXPERT]   “Conditions look to become more settled by the start of July as high pressure builds.” Forecasts for next week suggest the south east and London may start to see hotter conditions from Thursday (June 30) when the mercury is set to rise to 30C. This is thanks to a North African plume crossing the continent, heating inland France to a scorching 37C. Experts are not yet sure how long this next sizzler will stick around in the south.