Now nearly everyone has received at least two doses and life is returning to normal. We’re able to go to festivals, have barbecues and see relatives and friends again. We are free. We’re able to enjoy this because of many peoples efforts, but one group in particular – the scientists. It was they who developed a vaccine and made it available to us all in record time.  Ironically though, it is the arts that have benefited so much from this endeavour. For the first time in three years Glastonbury was on and people were having a great time. Britain has the largest theatre-going audience in the world and is wonderful to see it recovering and getting back to full houses again. The Promenade concerts will be getting under way in a month’s time. As the nights draw in, we will have the Last Night of the Proms. There are massive beneficiaries in sport as well. Next week will see Silverstone welcome the world’s motor racing community for the British grand Prix. On the Isle of Man, the TT races have been on providing an unparalleled spectacle anywhere in the world. Our traditional sporting season features the Boat Race, The Grand National, The Derby, the FA Cup final and it’s all been springing back to life. At Wimbledon, the world’s premier tennis tournament is underway, and the Premier League will kick off again at the end of August. From flower shows to air shows, our local social life is taking off again. In this special year, we’ve also had the Platinum Jubilee. Across the country there have been hundreds of garden and street parties and village fetes. In our city pubs, people are out on the pavement again enjoying drinks in the early evening sunshine. Further afield, many of us, despite the delays, are getting away to international holidays.Yes, we do have economic challenges, but we still have record employment levels and if anything, more jobs than people. Britain remains in the top five countries in the world that people want to move to. Money comes here to be managed. International organisations have their conferences here to host people, money and ideas. Whatever you think of the government and politics, remember there are a lot more important things to consider. I know it doesn’t suit the narrative of commentators to be positive and thankful, but we should also be balanced in our assessment of where we are. We’ve got our national way of life back and that is something to be grateful for. So this summer, when you get chance, raise a glass to the brilliant British and international scientists that even today, stand guard against anything that could take it all away again.