The 32-year-old Britain's Got Talent contestant swept judge Amanda Holden off her feet with her rendition of Never Enough from The Greatest Showman during her first audition. Amanda gave Loren the golden buzzer, meaning she would make the semi-finals right away. However, since her victorious first appearance on the show, fans have become sceptical after it emerged Loren had appeared on The Voice, with many labelling the show "a fix." Giving his feedback following her performance on Thursday's show, Simon Cowell defended Loren's appearance and insisted Britain's Got Talent gives people "a second chance." Following her act on Thursday's live show, Simon addressed the criticism the singer has faced in his feedback. "It's both a blessing and a curse when you're known for singing one of the biggest songs of all time," he commented. "And you could have easily taken the easy route, which is singing that song again because we love it so much, "And actually, I think that what you've done, even by coming on the show, is incredibly brave. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Kim Tate murders Will Taylor over deadly secret "Because you flew all the way over here because we spoke about this, you have respect for the UK audience." The 62-year-old added: "You told everyone your story, and then tonight, you know, I'm frustrated because that wasn't long enough. "You know, instead we had these weirdo robots which lasted forever, and I wanted to hear the song longer." As the audience booed, Simon continued: "I also know you got a bit of stick in the media saying you know, 'it's a fix' because you know, you've been on another show. "Well that's the whole point of shows like this is they can give people a second chance. "And you know we haven't had a female winner this week so far, I hope you change that after tonight." Comedian judge David Walliams added: "Yeah, everyone has been talking about your audition. "I was actually really starstruck meeting you, 'Oh my goodness me, it's really her.'" DON'T MISS... Sex Pistols' Glen Matlock slams band member's 'memory' over biopic [VIDEO]Good Morning Britain viewers slam 'incessant' Jubilee coverage[LATEST]Silent Witness icon details concern she had over return [EXCLUSIVE] He went on to say Loren could be the winner of the series. It comes as outrage followed when the singer confessed she had been on singing competition show, The Voice. Speaking recently on Lorraine, she explained: "It’s been a really long journey in the music industry. "I was in The Voice and I’ve kind of been fighting for my chance for a long time and I’m so lucky that the song was so successful. "Michael Buble was just rooting for me and giving me a platform to be more known." She added: "I’m so grateful to him for doing that. "I do really feel Britain’s Got Talent is the perfect place to show more people my story and hopefully show them that I’m a songwriter and keep singing." Since the interview, viewers have complained it is "unfair" that a "professional singer" is on the show. However, Loren once again sailed through to the next round after receiving the most public votes. Britain's Got Talent continues on Friday from 8pm on ITV.