Lord Geidt will this morning appear before a House of Commons committee in what is set to be an explosive intervention. Earlier this month the adviser said there was a "legitimate question" whether the Prime Minister broke the ministerial code by being fined for breaking Covid laws. He threatened to quit his post in anger at how Mr Johnson responded to the allegations. In a letter sent to the Prime Minister in the aftermath of the Sue Gray report and police investigation into lockdown gatherings in Downing Street, Lord Geidt said the ministerial code was at risk of being in a place of "ridicule". He added that he had advised Downing Street officials that Mr Johnson should be "ready to offer public comment" on his obligations under the code, noting this had "not been heeded". The note read: "If a Prime Minister's judgment is that there is nothing to investigate or no case to answer, he would be bound to reject any such advice, thus forcing the resignation of the independent adviser. "Such a circular process could only risk placing the Ministerial Code in a place of ridicule." The independent adviser has been placed on "resignation watch" ever since the vote, with continued speculation he is ready to quit his role in protest at Mr Johnson's handling of the situation. The Prime Minister has already lost one ethics adviser since winning the 2019 general election, with Sir Alex Allan stepping down in November 2020 over the way the ministerial code was being implemented by the current Government. Today's evidence session at the public administration and constitutional affairs committee is the first time MPs have had the opportunity to publicly interrogate Lord Geidt since the end of the so-called Partygate saga. It comes just eight days after Mr Johnson survived a confidence vote from Tory MPs, with large swathes of the party still unease about the Prime Minister's behaviour. In a tight vote, the incumbent of No10 was backed to stay in his position despite 148 Conservative parliamentarians pushing to boot him out of the top job. Many who backed the Tory leader said they wanted to now see him deliver for the country. Mr Johnson has himself attempted to move on from drama, giving a speech last Thursday in Blackpool outlining his plans for Britain. He told Britons he was "on your side", vowing to build a high-growth, low-tax economy where everyone could buy their own home. In a wide-ranging speech, the Conservative leader vowed to tackle the soaring cost of living and address long-standing problems such as unaffordable childcare. However, the reboot of his premiership risks being undermined if Lord Geidt's evidence today returns attention to Mr Johnson's conduct. More to follow...