John Bolton, the former White House national security adviser, will make the dramatic admission later today (Tuesday). He will speak at the launch of a new report on Britain’s role in the world after the country's split from the European Union. Mr Bolton will cite the strong UK military backing of Ukraine as evidence that Brexit has restored the country's scope for independent action on the world stage. The former White House national security adviser will say: "Britain has taken a leading role in the West’s efforts to defeat this aggression and to make the point to would-be aggressors around the world. "In many respects, I say with some envy, taking a stronger and more effective view than the US." The UK has been widely praised over its swift response in helping Ukraine fight back against Russia in the war. Since the start of the invasion on February 24, Britain has pledged more than £1.3billion in support to Ukraine. This includes more than 5,000 NLAW anti-tank missiles, long-range multiple launch rocket systems, and artillery systems including 155mm Self Propelled Guns. The US has pledged £4.3billion in security assistance since Joe Biden became President 18 months ago, which includes 6,500 Javelin anti-armour systems, 108 155mm Howitzers and 20 Mi-17 helicopters. The UK has donated some 0.18 percent of its GDP in weapons, while the US has sent the equivalent of 0.22 percent. Last week, Prime Minister Boris Johnson travelled to Ukraine and offered to launch a major training operation for the country's forces, with the potential to train up to 10,000 soldiers every 120 days. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: 'Economic vandalism' Irish PM throws down gauntlet During a visit to Kyiv, he told President Volodymyr Zelensky that Britain would spearhead the landmark programme, ensuring the Armed Forces of Ukraine have the resilience they need to be victorious in their fight for enduring peace. The UK Government said the programme would train and drill the country's Armed Forces using "battle-proven British Army expertise". This would enable them to "accelerate their deployment, rebuild their forces, and scale-up their resistance as they continue to defend their nation’s sovereignty against Russian invaders". If the offer is accepted by Ukraine, international partners would also be invited to host the programme. DON'T MISSTrain strikes LIVE: 'Reckless' Union plot BACKFIRES [BLOG]Starmer plotting major Brexit intervention in 'come clean' on plans [REPORT]'Winter is coming' warning as bid to oust Boris by Northern Tory MPs [COMMENTS] Operation Orbital had seen Britain train more than 22,000 Ukrainian personnel from 2015 until the full-scale invasion of Ukraine. But in a major change, the new programme would help train forces outside the country. The offer came as the leaders further discussed the situation in Ukraine, and how the country continue to inspire many around the work with their courageous resistance. During his visit to Kyiv, Mr Johnson said: "My visit today, in the depths of this war, is to send a clear and simple message to the Ukrainian people: the UK is with you, and we will be with you until you ultimately prevail. "As Ukrainian soldiers fire UK missiles in defence of your nation’s sovereignty, they do so also in defence of the very freedoms we take for granted. "That is why I have offered President Zelensky a major new military training programme that could change the equation of this war –harnessing that most powerful of forces, the Ukrainian determination to win. "Two months on from my last visit, the Ukrainian grit, determination and resilience is stronger than ever, and I know that unbreakable resolve will long outlive the vain ambitions of President Putin."