Tottenham Hotspur are prepared to walk away from a deal for Clement Lenglet if the Barcelona centre-back doesn't give them the green light within the next 48 hours. Spurs chairman Daniel Levy and managing director Fabio Paratici are losing patience in their search to bolster Antonio Conte's defensive options this summer. According to Sport, Xavi Hernandez informed Lenglet weeks ago that he didn't feature in his plans this season and has opened the door for him to leave. Barcelona also hope the 27-year-old will depart to clear over £8.6million annually from the club's wage bill and space for Xavi to add a new centre-back to his ranks. However, Lenglet wasn't proactive in looking for a way out of Camp Nou while on holiday, so Barcelona have been trying to move his exit along. AS Roma and Tottenham are just two clubs they have been in contact with, the Serie A suitors withdrew from talks over his salary demands. And Spurs' interest could also vanish soon, with Levy unprepared to 'wait forever' for Lenglet to decide on his future. The Blaugrana hope the France international will give the 'OK' to a Premier League switch because they are unlikely to have a better chance to offload him throughout the rest of the window. JUST IN: Tottenham step up Richarlison chase with bold £20m-plus-player bid Conte has been busy adding to his squad this summer, recruiting three new players already in preparation for his first full season as head coach. Fraser Forster and Ivan Perisic arrived on free transfers before Tottenham completed a £25m deal for Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Yves Bissouma. Conte is understood to want a new right-wing-back, centre-back and forward before the 2022-23 campaign begins. Middlesbrough's Djed Spence and Everton's Richarlison are Spurs' main targets for two of the positions, while Lenglet is one of many centre-backs linked. READ MORE: Newcastle eye Porto star Pepe as Ekitike backup but fail in £30m bid The north London outfit have also been credited with an interest in Inter Milan's Alessandro Bastoni and Villarreal's Pau Torres. However, Lenglet could potentially be the central defender Conte opts for if he gives Spurs encouragement over his willingness to move. He boasts Champions League experience, which will attract Conte after guiding Spurs back into the competition with a top-four finish last season. But it seems the club aren't afraid to walk away and focus their interest elsewhere if a deal for Lenglet can't be wrapped up soon. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here