Chaos ensues across Europe as major airlines cancel flights to and from the UK. British Airways has cancelled 124 Heathrow flights today alone, and easyJet at least 35. According to Sky News, Gatwick Airport is the "worst affected".  Wizz Air also axed at least flights today that serve UK airports, reported Sky News. Gatwick Airport has been hit the hardest. Julia Lo Bue-Said, chief executive of Advantage Travel Partnership, which represents independent travel agents, shared that this recent travel mayhem is causing wannabe travellers major stress. She revealed that around 30 percent of calls they are receiving are from customers that have bookings for July and August and are worried about their flights. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares ‘life-changing’ packing tip   These are common months for families to go away because they fall in the school holidays. She called the situation "hideous and disappointing" for those affected by the cancellations, reported Sky News. However, she stressed that the majority of flights are still departing and arriving. Travel agents are trying to reassure passengers of this ahead of their summer holidays. This weekend of airport mayhem has not been an isolated incident. The past few months has seen continued chaos across airports in the UK. Speaking on the BBC’s Sunday Morning programme, Grant Shapps also said that these issues extend to the rest of Europe. Tens of thousands of holidaymakers have been impacted over the last few months. A cut down on staff during the pandemic, which Shapps branded excessive, meant that when travel began to resume again the airlines could not cope. With Covid restrictions eased globally, people now have the confidence to go abroad again, meaning a sudden influx in travel. Many people are finally getting away for the first time in more than two years. Popular periods such as bank holidays and half-term breaks further compound this issue as children have time off school. Shapps rejected calls to open the door to cheaper overseas workers to relieve the pressure on the aviation industry. He also said that sending the Army in could not be a "snap solution". The Transport Secretary explained that it was up to the airlines to rectify the chaos. But he added: "We did, of course, provide £8billion of support to the sector, plus all that furlough money as well." Many have taken to social media to vent about their cancelled flights. @GeorgeSofroniou said: "Yesterday I took the train to Gatwick, went to my gate, only to be announced last minute that flight is cancelled. Airport was an absolute mess and no accommodation was provided, so I had to come back to Reading. "Take two today, please #easyjet don't cancel this one." @Maryoliver1Mary tweeted: "When people pay for a service they expect that service to be delivered! @easyJet will not be in business for long. Perspective." A spokesperson for BA told Express.co.uk: "The cancellations being reported for British Airways aren’t new, they were pre-planned and actioned around a month and a half ago, and customers were notified at the time. "In order to help provide customers with more certainty in the months to come, we took the decision a while back to reduce our schedule by 10 percent (around 8,000 roundtrips) until the end of October as a result of resource challenges." Express.co.uk has also contacted easyJet and Wizz Air for comment.