The Met Office has warned people to expect thunderstorms in a “dramatic end” to the week. The unpredictable wet and stormy weather seems to be here to stay for the second week of June, once again, disappointing those hoping to catch some summer sun.  Met Office Meteorologist Aidan McGivern noted that Tuesday morning will be a “fresh start” with “mid to high single figures under the clear spells and perhaps for parts of Scotland, low single figures”. WXCHARTS weather maps show areas of Scotland waking up to temperatures between 5C and 7C, with the majority of England between 7C and 9C. According to the Met Office meteorologist, Tuesday morning is set to be “looking brighter and drier compared to recent days”.  It appears it will be the only morning this week with most areas experiencing dry weather as showers begin to develop by the afternoon. According to the Met Office, by Tuesday afternoon, “towards the Southwest the next weather system is on its way… bringing spells of showery rain to the Southwest as well as Wales”. The weather system will see “more prolonged rain by the evening across Northern Ireland and then into the Midlands, Southeast and parts of northern England”, according to the Met Office forecast. READ MORE: Brave couple shuns modern life in favour of pre-war Britain lifestyle With slow moving showers on Wednesday for Northern Ireland and Northern areas of England, there will be thunderstorms and potentially a lot of rainfall in a short amount of time which can lead to flash flooding. No flood warnings have been issued. Forecaster Steven Keates warned of a “dramatic end to the week as heavy gales move in” as the Met Office warned of “unseasonably strong winds” following tropical Storm Alex. DON'T MISS: Plotting to oust Boris will end in electoral failure - PATRICK O'FLYNN [COMMENT]Johnson slammed for trying to regain trust with NHS rescue plan [REACTION]Queen should make key political decisions over Boris - new poll [INSIGHT]   The power has been taken out of the weather front and will not cause too much of an issue for the majority of the UK. BBC meteorologist Nick Miller forecast wind gusts of up to 40-50mph across parts of North-western Scotland by Thursday due to the aftermath of the storm. On a brighter note, by the weekend, it appears that the majority of the UK will return to dry and pleasant weather with some patchy rain. Temperatures on Saturday for southern England are between 18C and 20C with temperatures further north remaining in the mid-teens. 