Manchester United and Chelsea have been presented with a Joao Felix transfer opportunity as Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola is reportedly not targeting the ace this summer. The striker has scored 29 goals in 110 games for Atletico Madrid since the Spanish giants shelled out £113million to prise him away from Benfica in 2019. City’s hopes of successfully defending their Premier League title next season were given a huge boost earlier this summer when they completed the signing of blockbuster striker Erling Haaland from Borussia Dortmund. But the Citizens have still been linked with Felix, who was tipped to become one of the best players in the world when he initially moved to Spain. Felix, who still has four years remaining on his current deal, bagged eight goals and four assists in 24 La Liga matches last season but was only able to help his team to a third-place finish. His Atletico boss Diego Simeone is thought to be open to selling him this summer. But, according to Jonas Hen Shrag, Guardiola is very unlikely to try and sign the 22-year-old even if some Citizens players depart the Etihad Stadium. City forwards Gabriel Jesus and Raheem Sterling have both been heavily backed to move on during the current transfer window. But Guardiola clearly feels Felix isn’t the right man to replace them. READ MORE: Man Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinations    Guardiola’s refusal to sign Felix will be music to the ears of the Red Devils and Chelsea, who could now see their chances of signing the youngster increase. United were rumoured to be interested in signing Felix while he was still at Benfica. And they could attempt to get their hands on him once again ahead of the new campaign. The north west side suffered a dismal season last time around as they endured a string of embarrassing results on their way to a sixth-place Premier League finish. The club appointed Erik ten Hag as their new boss earlier this summer in an attempt to stop the rot and reverse their fortunes. And the Dutchman will be looking to bring in new faces who can help United kick-on and compete for honours. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinationsMan Utd board 'in talks' over surprise first signing to kickstart Erik ten Hag eraWhat Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told Frenkie de Jong to spark dramatic transfer U-turn      Chelsea, meanwhile, could do with a new frontman after they allowed Romelu Lukaku to return to Inter Milan on loan after just one season back at Stamford Bridge. Blues boss Thomas Tuchel has already hinted that he will look to bring in new attacking players this summer - and Felix could well fit the bill. The Portugal international, who is also on Tottenham's radar and has reportedly been slapped with a price tag of £103.7m, has bags of talent and a real eye for goal. And he could be a big hit in the Premier League if he did secure a move this summer.  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here