Matteo Berrettini has set his sights on reaching the Wimbledon final this year following the successful defence of his title at Queen's. The 26-year-old has only just returned after having surgery on his hand injury, but has wasted no time in building up momentum ahead of Wimbledon. He won in Stuttgart last week before returning to the Queen's Club Championship to defend his title from last year. Berrettini beat Dan Evans, Denis Kudla, Tommy Paul and Botic van de Zandschulp before facing off against Serbian Filip Krajinovic in the final. And the Italian wasted little time in winning the match to successfully defend his Queen's title from last year. Berrettini will now take some time off before getting back to it in the final days before Wimbledon starts. Djokovic will once again be seen as the man to beat at Wimbledon having won the last three men's singles titles at SW19. But Rafael Nadal will also likely be a threat given his two major wins already in 2022. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu plea made by Badosa amid injury woes ahead of Wimbledon  Berrettini is under no illusion of the difficult task he faces in reaching his goal, but is ready to test himself on the world's biggest stage. "I couldn't ask for a better start on the grass season," he told BBC Sport. "I'm feeling really good. Obviously a slam is different at best-of-five and a lot of pressure is going to be on me but I guess it's normal. I know it's going to be really tough to get to the final but that's what I like to do, I like to push myself over the limit." DON'T MISS  Former British No 1 John Lloyd feels Berrettini will have all the confidence in the world heading into Wimbledon. The 67-year-old believes the only "question mark" hanging over Berrettini will be his ability to cope with five sets. "He has got no fear," Lloyd said on BBC. "He has been to the final already, he has won this big tournament twice now, he is going into Wimbledon thinking 'why not? I am better than the last year'." He added: "I would say No 2. You would have to give that [No 1] to Novak Djokovic but he is two. The way he is playing right now. The only question mark you could say is if he has to play a couple of five-setters earlier on stamina wise with his hand [injury], having not played any five-setters this year. "But other than that he is perfect on this surface."