A new report has warned Mr Macron of significant corrosion safety problems in EDF nuclear power plants in France as cracks detected in some nuclear reactors could risk causing "nuclear accidents". Last October, EDF reported that cracks were detected in an emergency cooling circuit of reactor no. 1 of the Civaux power plant. The report also warned that upcoming Hinkley Point reactor in the UK could face a similar situation.  Later, similar cracks were discovered in three other 1500 MW reactors and of the Penly 1 reactor (1300 MW) , prompting them to be shut down as well. The report notes that several reactors have faced "stress corrosion" which is often characterised by "cracking of a material... the stresses are linked to manufacturing operations and in particular to welding operations". Dr Laponche, the co-author of this study warned that the risk from stress corrosion is serious writing: "If the defects detected on the welds evolve, they can cause a breach in the main reactor cooling system. The risk is therefore to generate a nuclear accident situation". While France has a large fleet of nuclear reactors generating about 70 percent of its energy, many of these reactors are ageing, with French regulators pushing the scheduled shutdown of over half of EDF's reactors by over a decade. The report added that there are a number of likely reasons why several of these reactors were cracking, which include "a degradation mechanism that simultaneously involves the material and its intrinsic characteristics, the mechanical stresses to which it is subjected and the nature of the fluid that circulates." According to the French nuclear regulator ASN, the "geometry" of the circuits concerned is the main cause for this defect, while EDF blames "thermal stratification", or contact between two types of steam with different temperatures coming into contact. According to the report: "both the IRSN (Insitute of Radioprotection and Nuclear Safety) and the ASN in its inspections have expressed concern for the radiation protection of workers involved in control measures. READ MORE: Energy crisis: UK set to fork out ‘hundred of millions’ THIS IS A BREAKING STORY. MORE TO FOLLOW. The authors warned against France's decision to extend the lifespan of these nuclear reactors from 40 years to 50 after 58 of the country's reactors were set to shuitdown. The authors wrote: "In any case, if the vulnerability of the 900 MW reactors were confirmed, the question of extending the operating life of these reactors beyond 40 years would have to be re-examined. "It would also be necessary to examine the possibility that the EPR reactors at Flamanville, Olkiluoto and Taïshan, as well as those under construction at Hinkley Point, might themselves be concerned, insofar as they were designed on the basis of the 1500 MW N4 model." EDF is currently building the Hinkley Point C nuclear power station in Somerset and is set to come online in 2027. DON'T MISS: Russia threatens 'major' outbreak of fatal disease [REPORT] Falklands veterans face legal loophole over horror injuries [SPOTLIGHT] Energy crisis hell as most households CANNOT afford heat pumps [REVEAL]