Jordan Banjo is a member of the Royal Family-approved dance troupe Diversity and has performed in front of the likes of Prince Harry and the Queen. However, it hasn't always been showbiz glamour for the Eat Well For Less host, as he has recalled his early days battling with obesity. The group formed in 2007 and won Britain's Got Talent in 2009, launching Jordan's career before he had so much as left school - but he now says he feels "100% healthier" than he did back in those early days. "It sounds quite dramatic, but it's true - when we had to get medicals and stuff, I was 16 and morbidly obese," he said of his BGT days. "I was in a dance group and probably one of the most unhealthy people you could ever know!" He added: "To be in a position where you're gonna be performing every day, getting lots of amazing opportunities, living the dream of a lot of people who've worked really hard that wouldn't get to do it, I found all the opportunities - for me, myself, and everyone in Diversity - to get fit and healthy. READ NOW: Richard Madeley and wife Judy in rare joint appearance at Ascot "That's been a big part of my career," he explained. Now Jordan is the star of Eat Well For Less, the BBC show which encourages viewers to challenge themselves via his tips to find healthy and nutritious food that doesn't break the bank. "Everyone's got to eat and everyone wants to save a bit of money," he reasoned. Now that he has learnt some tips and tricks, he's keen to pass on his knowledge.  "When the call came in asking if I would be involved in the show, of course [I felt] 90% fear and 10% excitement," he elaborated. "It's scary to jump into the shoes of Gregg Wallace, but once the dust settles, and people get used to the idea and all the stuff that you love about Eating Well for Less is still there... me and [co-host] Chris [Bavin] had a great time doing it." He disclosed that he and Chris have become firm friends outside of the show, and that the star has taken his children to see Diversity perform on tour. "He's just a great guy, so we had a lot of fun filming regardless, before any of the scary stuff!" he added. "We're seeing the cost of living rise the most anyone's ever seen before," he observed. "[So] if [the show] helps you feel good and save a bit of money, why not watch it? "You're gonna have a laugh and hopefully pick up some tips and tricks so that's what to expect. "Definitely something to keep an eye on!" Eat Well For Less airs tonight at 8pm on BBC One.