The Prince of Wales, who is the future head of the Commonwealth, said the process can happen “calmly and without rancour”. Charles made the comments during the opening ceremony of a summit of Commonwealth prime ministers and presidents in Rwanda. It comes as the heir to the throne is representing the Queen at the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (Chogm) in capital Kigali. In his address at the opening ceremony, Charles said: "The Commonwealth contains within it, countries that have had constitutional relationships with my family, some that continue to do so, and increasingly those that have had none. "I want to say clearly, as I have said before, that each member's Constitutional arrangement, as republic or monarchy, is purely a matter for each member country to decide. "The benefit of long life brings me the experience that arrangements such as these can change, calmly and without rancour." It comes as a number of Caribbean nations have already suggested they may ditch the British monarchy and elect their own heads of state. The future King added: "We should never forget the things which do not change: the close and trusted partnership between Commonwealth members; our common values and shared goals; and, perhaps most importantly, the strong and enduring connections between the peoples of the Commonwealth which strengthen us all." Charles highlighted one of the basic principles of the family of nations - how all members have the same standing. He said: "Our Commonwealth family is - and will always remain - a free association of independent self-governing nations.  "We meet and talk as equals, sharing our knowledge and experience for the betterment of all citizens of the Commonwealth - and, indeed, the wider world." It comes after Barbados took the historic move of replacing the Queen as head of state in November last year and elected its first president during a ceremony attended by Charles. Prince William and Kate's recent Caribbean tour appeared to raise the issue of other nations breaking away from the British monarchy in favour of their own heads of state. Jamaica's prime minister Andrew Holness, who has travelled to Rwanda for Chogm, suggested to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge that his country may be the next to become a republic. And a few days after the royal couple left Belize, Henry Charles Usher, minister for constitutional and political reform, reportedly told the nation's parliament: "Perhaps it is time for Belize to take the next step in truly owning our independence. "But it is a matter that the people of Belize must decide on." In his speech, Charles also expressed his sorrow over slavery but there was no apology for the Royal Family's involvement in the transportation and selling of people for profit. He said: "For while we strive together for peace, prosperity and democracy, I want to acknowledge that the roots of our contemporary association run deep into the most painful period of our history.  "I cannot describe the depths of my personal sorrow at the suffering of so many, as I continue to deepen my own understanding of slavery's enduring impact. "If we are to forge a common future that benefits all our citizens, we too must find new ways to acknowledge our past. Quite simply, this is a conversation whose time has come." It comes as Charles's trip to Rwanda has been overshadowed by a row over reported comments he made criticising the Government's plan to send asylum seekers to the east African nation. The heir to the throne and Prime Minister Boris Johnson are due to hold a potentially awkward meeting following reports the future King branded the Government's migrants policy "appalling" in private remarks. Charles, joined by Camilla, arrived in Rwanda on Tuesday where prime ministers and presidents are gathering for the global summit. 