Rachel Reeves repeatedly failed to say whether she would vote to go on strike if she were a Railway, Maritime, and Transport (RMT) worker. RMT members have voted in favour of repeated strike action as they lament the lack of an increase in wages, threatening to bring the UK to a standstill with major disruption across the summer. The Sky News's Sophy Ridge of Sunday presenter challenged the shadow Chancellor on whether she was of the same view as colleague Wes Streeting, who said this week he would back a strike if he were an RMT worker.   Ms Ridge said: "This week your shadow Health Secretary Wes Streeting said, 'put it this way, if I was a member of the RMT and my job was at risk like this, then I would be voting to go on strike.' "Would you be voting to go on strike?" Ms Reeves attempted to bypass the question: "Well, they've already had those votes, those decisions made. But it's not too late to avert the strikes." But the Sky News host cut her off: "I'm going to come in, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Rachel Reeves, I'm going to have to come in on that because that really wasn't a straight answer at all. "Would you be voting to go on strike if you were an RMT worker?" JUST IN: 'Will it break law?' Sky's Ridge has Lewis on spot as he scrambles to defend Brexit bill  The Labour frontbencher said: "I want to be the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sophy, that is the job I aspire to do. "And if I were Chancellor of the Exchequer today, I would be doing everything within my power to avoid these strikes. "That's what people want from a Government. A Government that is on the side of ordinary working people and trying to resolve problems rather than fan the flames. "That's the job I want to do, I want to be Chancellor of this great country, and if I was Chancellor, I would be doing everything I can to avoid the huge disruption that will come from strike action." READ MORE: British tourists warned of ‘grim’ scenes at Spain border control after Brexit - ‘Avoid' Train drivers are to strike over pay and more rail workers are to be balloted for industrial action in growing disputes in the industry which threaten huge travel disruption in the coming weeks. Reports suggest the Government is considering legal changes to allow agency workers to fill in for striking staff to limit the disruption to services. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps is believed not to have ruled out the option as travellers face chaos on the railways and London Underground due to widespread industrial action. But a union chief has described as "outrageous" potential Government plans to allow agency workers to fill in for striking staff. DON'T MISS: Patel vows to take on challengers to Rwanda deal after court ruling [NEWS]Fuel price: London petrol station charges soaring £2.50 per litre  [ANALYSIS]Rail strike pay rises and bonuses revealed as more commuter MISERY [INSIGHT] PCS general secretary Mark Serwotka said the Transport Secretary should "try to resolve the dispute, not pour petrol on the flames and make matters worse". Asked about the Government plans, Mr Serwotka told Sky's Sophy Ridge on Sunday programme: "That would be an outrageous act if the Government go down that road. "We've already got the most restrictive anti-union legislation in the whole of western Europe. It's already incredibly difficult for unions and workers to withdraw their labour. There are so many legal loopholes to fly through. "If you think about what Grant Shapps is trying to do with that legislation, is to make industrial action ineffective, and I believe it's a basic human right to be able to withdraw your labour. "You only do it as a last resort and any attempts to bring people in to undermine disputes will not resolve the problems."