Britain celebrated the Queen’s 70-year reign last week, with a four-day weekend of official and community celebrations. In the weeks before the Jubilee anti-monarchy posters were displayed on billboards across the UK declaring “Make Elizabeth the Last”. The posters were from pressure group Republic which is campaigning to end the British monarchy. And ahead of the Jubilee Laura Pidcock, former MP for North West Durham, criticised the Jubilee celebrations on Twitter branding the celebration as “grossness”. Ms Pidcock tweeted on Thursday, May 26: “I just feel like there is a real grossness to the state-driven Jubilee celebration fanfare. “People are skint, getting so much more skint & full of worry & we are supposed to go out & celebrate 70 years of unadulterated, unaccountable wealth, privilege, power & exploitation? Nah.” As a result, Express.co.uk asked readers ahead of the Jubilee if republicans should not moan during the celebrations. In a poll that ran from 7am on Thursday, June 2, to 11am on Wednesday, June 8, Express.co.uk asked: “Should moaning republicans just 'shut up' during Queen's Jubilee weekend?” Overall, 6,818 people cast their votes with the dominant response – 92 percent (6,246 people) – being “yes”, republicans should not moan during the Jubilee weekend. A further eight percent (552 people) said “no”, republicans should be able to express their opinions. In addition, just 20 people said they did not know either way. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on republicans. Most readers were against republicans moaning about the Monarchy during the Jubilee festivities. One reader, username Maggypat said: “This weekend is also about being British and being proud of our history.” Another, username raylynup said: “Definitely not the time or place.” Username Phlip wrote: “Republicans can speak their views the rest of the year.” And username JL77 said: “If they [republicans]  don’t like the celebrations go on holiday or just ignore it and do something else.” Others commented that Republicans should be allowed to express their opinions and not be silenced during the Jubilee. Username Guest criticised the idea writing: “Why should we, it's still a free country” Username Blacksails said: “If we value free speech, then they're entitled to their opinion as much as anyone else.” Meanwhile, username Splurge said: “I believe republicans are allowed an opinion just as much as Royalists. I don't agree with them but they have as much right as the next person.” DON'T MISSKate dazzles just DAYS after diary clash sparked absence from Meghan and Lilibet's party [UPDATE]'She was cast out!' Queen removed beloved aide over unauthorised action 'Was cancelled!' [VIDEO]Royal cousins get-together! Mike Tindall opens up on private lunch during Jubilee [LATEST] Sharon Osbourne praised the Jubilee celebrations and shut down the idea of a republic in an interview with Piers Morgan on Monday, June 6, on TalkTV. She said: “It gave people confidence, that this is the family who will be here after the Queen is no longer here.” Uncensored host Piers Morgan responded: “And very deliberately that last scene on the last night when everyone was singing God Save The Queen, she had chosen an iconic moment at the end of the Jubilee,” “This is the way it’s going to be,” Ms Osbourne agreed. Mr Morgan continued: “This is now the family, this is the streamlined royals, these are the next two monarchs, potentially three next monarchs and this is the way it’s going to be.” 