Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine has suffered a series of humiliating setbacks as the war drags on into its 114th day. In the latest sign of Russia's hapless tactics, Ukraine's Defence Minister discussed the written military orders that were recovered from dead Russian officers. Oleksiy Reznikov said that tactics were "astonishingly naive" and showed how quickly Vladimir Putin's war plan unraveled. He said that military orders recovered from bodies in the first week of the war showed that Russian military commanders expected a "quick and easy attack". Mr Reznikov explained: "The officer who was killed, he had been ordered be in the government quarters in the centre of Kyiv 12 hours after the invasion began. "He was ordered to take control of all government buildings, the office of the presidency, and the parliament. "They were sure that within 72 hours the president would be evacuated from the country." JUST IN: Putin offensive rocked as chopper shot out of the sky  When the CNN reporter remarked that this was "astonishingly naive in retrospect," the Ukrainian minister agreed. He also told CNN that UK and US defence ministers Ben Wallace and Lloyd Austin had promised him that their military aid against Russia "will never stop". Mr Reznikov appeared optimistic about the fightback against Russia, saying: "We are going to liberate all of our territory - including Crimea." This comes as the UK defence chief claimed that Russia has already “strategically lost” the war in Ukraine and is now a “more diminished power”.  The head of the UK’s armed forces Admiral Sir Tony Radakin said today that Russia was suffering heavy losses and running out of troops and advanced missiles. Admiral Radakin said: “This is a dreadful mistake by Russia. Russia will never take control of Ukraine. "The Russian machine is grinding away, and it’s gaining a couple of – two, three, five – kilometres every day." DON'T MISS: Putin's puppet Solovyov threatens war on ‘defenceless’ Germany [VIDEO]Ukraine LIVE: Do it! Lavrov goads UK to 'force Russia to knees' [LIVE BLOG]BBC Weather: Health warnings issued as scorching UK heatwave hits peak [FORECAST]  He added: "Russia has vulnerabilities because it’s running out of people, it’s running out of hi-tech missiles. "President Putin has used about 25 percent of his army’s power to gain a tiny amount of territory and 50,000 people either dead or injured. Russia is failing.” The latest UK Ministry of Defence intelligence briefing claimed that the war in Ukraine had "accelerated Russia's long-term trajectory towards authoritarianism”. The MoD added that “scepticism about the war is likely also particularly strong amongst Russia’s business elite and oligarch community”. 