Kate Garraway, 55, has explained her concerns about her husband, Derek Draper, 54, after the former lobbyist has been spending a lot of time in the hospital. The star took to Instagram today, with a peaceful post of her back garden in order to show off her gardening skills as a means of temporarily distracting herself.  The star said on Instagram to her 1.1 million followers: “So Derek has been in and out of hospital a lot recently - hopefully the wonderful health teams will help him improve but I woke up early feeling exhausted & very fretful. “As you know my garden is my #happyplace so came out for some #calm and to get stuck in to some weeding & planting. “It’s been ages since have been able to & I really missed it but nature hasn’t me. The flowers are blooming, fruits growing , leaves dancing in the breeze. “Am sure there’s a message in there somewhere for how life finds a way , and I certainly feel better for being in amongst it. “Now to get my hands dirty & get stuck in! #happysundayeveryone and hope you find some joy!” READ MORE: Carol Vorderman, 61, stuns in very tight-fitting green jumpsuit “Now to get my hands dirty & get stuck in! #happysundayeveryone and hope you find some joy!” It didn’t take long before fans rushed to the comments to share their well wishes. Mummashreeve said: “Your garden is nearly as beautiful and inspiring as you.” Welliesnpaws wrote: “Hope things improve for you soon Kate, so glad you have your beautiful garden to keep you calm xx.” Allisonjobbins commented: “Hello Kate. I'm so glad you find joy in your garden. Don't work too much. “Just sit with a cup of tea and enjoy the birds and the silence. “Then decide if to cut the peonie and put some in a vase or whether to leave in the garden (what i am currently deliberating!) Take care x” my_dog_our_garden said: “I love being out in my garden, sending you love and hope Derek feels better soon.” DON'T MISS...'With a heavy heart' Monty Don inundated with support over decision [UPDATE]Amanda Holden, 51, lets fans into bedroom moment [PICTURES] Penny Lancaster stuns as she bids sweet farewell to Rod Stewart [INSIGHT] Shirlston wrote: “Sending you love and strength. “I find being amongst nature grounding. Have a peaceful Sunday.” In February, Kate admitted she gets “terribly lonely” when caring for Derek. The Good Morning Britain host, 54, was praised for her “patience and strength” in Caring For Derek - an intimate documentary that aired on ITV the same month. Derek was put into an induced coma when he initially contracted the virus. In February, Kate said her husband could not be left unaided for three days without expert care. Caring For Derek is the second documentary about the couple’s ordeal. It comes after Kate continues to speak openly about her husband’s long recovery since he left hospital 374 days after being admitted in 2020.