Night after night they’ve stood up to this dreadful ordeal. There’s no one to touch them.” The Queen was part of that heroic wartime generation, and its values have infused her life of service that culminates today in the start of the unprecedented Platinum Jubilee. Stoicism, dedication, courage and self-sacrifice, which have been the hallmarks of her long reign, were instilled in her during those formative years. Her family’s refusal to be evacuated despite the dangers meant that in 1940, as Princess Elizabeth, she experienced the bombs falling on London, including several hits on Buckingham Palace. She also broadcast to the nation and served as a mechanic in the Auxiliary Territorial Service. On VE Day in May 1945, clad in her ATS uniform with her peaked cap pulled down low on her forehead to avoid recognition, she joined the vast throng in central London celebrating the victory over tyranny. Today we celebrate a very different historic milestone. Yet, like the triumph of 1945, the Jubilee holds up a mirror to the virtues that have built our greatness as a nation and are embodied by our cherished monarch. As we shall see over the coming four days of festivities, our spirit is one of pride without jingoism, solidarity without hostility. The Union Flag is a symbol of inclusion, not aggression, just as the Crown is a force for unity rather than hierarchy. It was Elizabeth II herself who captured this truth when she made her poignant broadcast to the nation during the first Covid lockdown in 2020. “The attributes of self-discipline, of quiet, good-humoured resolve and of fellow-feeling characterise this country,” she said. She was speaking about Britain, but those very words apply exactly to her. She concluded by quoting the central lyric of Vera Lynn’s wartime song: “We’ll Meet Again.” Broadcasts like that helped to bring the nation together in a way no party politician could. In that capacity for harmony lies perhaps the Queen’s greatest achievement: over the 70 years on the throne, she had kept the monarchy as an essential pillar of our civic life. Even in our democratic age, she has, through her moral example, ensured that the Crown remains a powerful symbol of our nationhood. Her ability to connect and inspire was highlighted in a revealing interview on BBC Newsnight this week with Rowan Williams, the former Archbishop of Canterbury, who said that when he first became a senior church figure he was something of a republican. But his mind was changed by his experience of working with the Queen, prompting Williams to say we would lose something very precious if we abolished the monarchy. Many of her 14 Prime Ministers have also talked of the benefits they gained from her knowledge and judicious advice. “She is undoubtedly one of the best informed people in the world,” Ted Heath once said. Her third premier, Harold Macmillan, referred to her personal courage, as in 1961 when she dismissed safety concerns during a trip to troubled Ghana. “The Queen has been absolutely determined all through.” Her bravery was manifested on other occasions, like in 1981 when she calmly carried on with the Trooping the Colour ceremony on horseback after a deranged student fired six blank shots at her. “She is made of strong stuff,” said Prince Charles after the incident. There has also been a powerful trait of moral courage, like her willingness to meet Republican leader Martin McGuiness in 2012 to cement the Northern Irish peace process. In the same vein, she has embraced change in the transformation of the Empire into the Commonwealth, or the requirement of the monarch to pay income tax, introduced on her insistence in 1992. Neither self-pity nor self-importance have been part of her nature. She has always done her duty with grace and without complaint. Despite conducting more than 21,000 engagements, she has barely been involved in any political or diplomatic controversy. This is the fourth official Jubilee of her reign and the Platinum celebrations promise to be the biggest and the best. They are exactly what our modest, dedicated and brave sovereign deserves.