Claire has become best known for playing the role of Emmerdale villain, Kim Tate, a character who has been a part of the village's universe for over 33 years. The actress has also featured in numerous other shows over the years, including Bad Girls and a three-year stint on Coronation Street. With her career having started over three decades ago, half of her life has been dedicated to her work and viewers of the ITV soap might be surprised to learn just how old she really is. At the moment, Claire's character Kim is preparing for her wedding to partner Will Taylor (played by Dean Andrews) as the ruthless businesswoman has been transformed into a bride once more. With the energy to keep her businesses ticking over, taking care of her young grandson and planning her nuptials, she might be mistaken for someone who is embodying the essence of youth. According to the world of soaps, the villain is 63-years-old, having been born on January 19, 1959, but the actress is much younger. Earlier this year, the television icon marked a milestone birthday as she celebrated turning 60-years-old on January 10. This means she is actually three years younger than her alter-ego and she isn't going to slow down anytime soon it appears. READ MORE: Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting When she returned to the show after a nearly 20-year break in 2018, it seemed the actress was just about ready to bring her career to an end. Aged 56 at the time, the soap star was looking forward to retirement but four years later, she is still at the centre of village life. Explaining what changed in a little more detail, Claire told The Sun on Sunday: "I've been fortunate to come back to Emmerdale. "My return to the show was meant to be a nice little retirement job for me. "But because Kim is at the centre of everything, it hasn't really worked out that way," she continued, with Kim now featuring in a long-running storyline as she doesn't realise her supposed dead son Jamie Tate (Alexander Lincoln) is still alive. But this isn't the first time Claire has spoken candidly about her age in interviews as she often speaks about getting older. Having been diagnosed with arthritis when she was younger, Claire raises awareness of how it needs to be treated rather than left. The actress explained: "It's a common misconception that only old people suffer from arthritis - babies can get it too. "My joints seize up and I can't close my hands properly because I'm so stiff. When it's really bad I can't walk, because my feet feel very bruised. "I have it mainly in my feet and fingers. When the doctor diagnosed arthritis, I asked: 'Am I going to die? Will I end up in a wheelchair?'" DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Natalie Anderson surprises husband with vow renewal abroad [COMMENT]Emmerdale’s Rosie Bentham pleads for co-star’s return 'A lot of drama' [COMMENT]'Traumatising' Emmerdale's Mark Charnock humiliated on the train [COMMENT] Claire continued: "I've tried everything to keep it under control and I don't let it rule my life. But I have bad days during cold weather. "When it's wet and cold, it kicks off," she added in an interview with The Mirror but despite her condition making life a little more difficult, she enjoyed every second of her youth. Talking about her young adult years, Claire said: "After I left school I was a DJ at the Warehouse nightclub in Leeds and remember using several cans of hairspray to keep my hair looking wild. "When I was 21, I was the singer in a punk band called To Be Continued. "We had a great time, touring Holland and supporting people like U2 and Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark," she explained. However, it would be five years later she would land the role of Kim in the village-based drama and the rest is history. The villain was her major role on television but after she left the first time around in 1999, doors were opened to further her career. By the age of 37, she had become a regular cast member in the drama series Bad Girls, in which she played the character of Karen Betts. When she got into her 40s, she starred in Strictly Come Dancing and managed to finish in sixth place during her series. As she started to go into her 50s, she landed more reality television and soap roles as she became a contestant on Celebrity Big Brother. Some months later, she made her debut at Erica Holroyd on Coronation Street and age was a big factor in some of her storylines. Not only did she ruffle feathers because she started a relationship with toyboy Nick Tilsley (Ben Price) but she also fell pregnant at the age of 50. There were some scenes aired which saw her speaking with her friend Liz McDonald (Beverley Callard) about the risks of having a baby so late in life. Unfortunately, she suffered a miscarriage and Claire has spoken about the emotional aspect of this storyline, explaining: "You often see teen mums on TV but how often do you hear of an older one? But it has also been more difficult than I could ever have imagined. "The connection to my past dragged up all the feelings I had buried deep inside and I found myself crying at home. "Not having children is something I thought I had got over. "But the storyline has brought back memories and emotions I hadn't realised I hadn't actually properly dealt with," she told The Mirror. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.