47-year-old Ben Shephard revealed to his Good Morning Britain co-host Kate Garraway his wife gets annoyed with his mum for "spoiling" him. However, he admitted he can see her treating their two sons the same as she "spoils" them too. During Thursday’s instalment of Good Morning Britain, Ben and Kate hosted a debate on whether mothers should stop pampering their sons. The discussion developed after comments made by  85-year-old Pope Francis at a service this week. In his speech, he gave some parenting advice to frustrated mums of adult men whose children won’t “leave the nest.” as he suggested they stop spoiling them   Speaking about his comments on the ITV breakfast show, the duo invited both Ingrid Tarrant and former Apprentice star Thomas Skinner to discuss the topic further. Admitting he has no idea how to iron a shirt, 31-year-old Thomas said he was a self-confessed "mummy’s boy". It wasn’t long before Ben touched on the relationship his wife has with their two sons, Sam and Jack. He said: “My wife with my boys does look after them and spoils them and does everything for them and my mum probably does that for me.”   Ben added: “I know Annie gets annoyed about my mum and my relationship and me being spoiled my mum and I can see it with her and our boys.” However, guest Ingrid told the presenter as a mum herself, she has a different take when it comes to "spoiling" her sons. She explained: "I mean, I want my boys to be quite independent and to be able to do things. “I don't want to hand them over to another woman and they become mum mark two."   Kate then touched on her own relationship with her son Billy admitting she’s guilty of spoiling him as he gets older. “I think it's interesting what you say Ingrid about the fact that parents who do it are perhaps making up for something, I think I might be guilty of this with my son," she remarked. "I think one of the reasons why is it feels like the more he grows up, there's so many complicated things that you can't fix for them. “So when they say, 'I'm hungry, cook me a meal or where's my shirt?' It feels like something I can fix and mother them a bit.”   The 55-year-old added: “It feels like I dunno, it's just a way of sort of protecting them in terms of the things I can't protect them from." Viewers watching the show were quick to share their thoughts on parents spoiling their children with many suggesting it could lead to future problems. One viewer commented: “Mums should NOT spoil their sons- they are creating nightmares for their future partners.” Another added: “Totally agree. People need to be independent for themselves. No one should expect other people to do things for them. This is one of my biggest pet hates." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV and ITV Hub. 