Dave Martin, who was joined by William on the streets selling copies of the magazine, said that the 39-year-old royal sold more copies than him. The 60-year-old vendor said: "William sold more than me. That was to be expected. But he was using my card machine so it didn’t matter. "So all those sales are recorded as mine anyway. He was a great guy." A passer-by, who saw William selling copies of the magazine, described the royal as "absolutely charming". Richard Hannant told the Sun he tried to take a covert picture of him before the Duke marched across the road in his direction. The 47-year-old explained: "I wondered if I was in big trouble. "I turned around not knowing what was coming . . . and he was absolutely charming. "It was very surreal. In a very upbeat and positive manner he asked me, 'Can I interest you in buying a copy?' I said, 'Yes, of course'. "But it was a disaster because looking into my wallet I could see I had no cash. "I showed him my empty wallet, trying not to panic. I said, 'I’ve no cash!'  "Quick as a flash he whipped out a card machine from his trouser pocket and told me, 'No problem — not to worry!' I didn’t ask how much it was, I just tapped my card." Mr Hannant added: "They must have gone like hot cakes around Westminster on that day. "To see William on the streets after the Jubilee supporting the charity was marvellous. "And there was no choreographed photographs or publicity, just the future king going about his business helping other people. What a guy." DON'T MISS: Prince Andrew seen for first time since having Covid [PICTURES] 'Squad depth!' Lady Louise leads royals who could see roles changed [ANALYSIS] Kate's reaction to Meghan Markle exposed as Duchesses reunited [REVEAL] Neil Kramer, a cab driver who managed to get a selfie with the Prince, said he was "engaging, polite and never forgot my name". He added: "What a lovely surprise on a random Wednesday and after the Jubilee celebrations." Speaking to the Sun, a source claimed that William - who is thought to have sold all his copies within an hour - may have broken Big Issue records. They said: "As you would expect, William sold lots of copies. It could be a record-breaking amount per hour. "He attracted the crowds and managed to monopolise on that by taking their cash in exchange for a magazine. "He was also able to take card payments so was armed with everything he needed to be a great seller."