Not having the best night's sleep? You have two options: could upgrade to one of the best mattresses available, or add a new mattress topper onto your existing bed to improve support, comfort, and even temperature regulation. The latter is a more cost-effective solution (and saves the hassle of heaving the old mattress off the bed frame). If you're not familiar with mattress toppers, sometimes known as "mattress pads", these function as a new top layer for your mattress. Fitted with corner straps to the mattress (to avoid any ruffling during the night as you move), toppers can provide extra comfort and support to your bed. It can be a great way to upgrade your current mattress without buying a new one. Mattress toppers are available in a wide range of sizes, from single to super king. They can also help to improve the breathability of your mattress for those who struggle with high body temperature during the warmer summer months and ease aches and pains by providing extra support. A good topper can also extend the life of your mattress by reducing the pressure on the springs – helping to prevent sagging and wear and tear. If you can't remove the cover of your mattress to wash it, this could be a great way to keep everything looking fresh and clean. It's easy to see why you might be confused between a mattress topper and a protector – both of these sit atop your existing mattress, beneath a fitting sheet, and use the same elasticated straps to stay in place. However, that's pretty much where the similarities end. As the name suggests, a mattress protector's purpose is to (surprise, surprise) protect your mattress. These top layers are designed to keep your mattress fresh and free from strains. These should be popped in the washing machine on a regular basis to ensure your bedding is hygienic. Meanwhile, a mattress topper is more substantial. When strapped into place, these will add to the overall thickness of your bed and provide enhanced comfort and support. Mattress toppers can also be dual layer or more, bringing memory foam and breathable new fabrics to your bed. Some mattress toppers are designed to be machine washed – just like a mattress protector – but others cannot. If you buy one of the latter, you'll still need to use a separate mattress protector when making your bed to keep everything clean and hygienic. When looking to buy a new mattress topper, there are a few crucial factors you should keep in mind. Before you add any toppers to your online shopping basket, here are the most important criteria... • Thickness: Are you happy with the depth of your current mattress? If you're already struggling to leap up into bed because of the thickness of your mattress, you should look for a slim mattress topper. Otherwise, you could have a much bigger climb in and out of bed – since the bulkiest toppers can add a few inches to the mattress. • Support: If you own an open coil spring mattress, which tend to be a little softer than pocket-sprung or memory foam mattresses, you might be looking to add more support to your bed. A chunky memory foam topper could substantially change the amount of support from your bed. • Your Sleeping Position: The position you favour during the night could change the type of mattress topper best suited to you. Memory foam is a great choice for those who sleep on their side, since it's a brilliant material to relieve pressure on the parts of your body that dig into the top layer of the mattress. For side sleepers, the shoulder and hip joints apply the most pressure into the surface of the mattress. • Temperature Regulation: If you're a hot sleeper, it's important to thoroughly check the materials used in your mattress topper. Organic cotton can help lower the temperature under the covers as can some open cell foams. • Material: What type of material are you looking for? The most popular choices are memory foam, hybrid, microfiber, feather and down. However, there are other options available too. • Price: And lastly, one of the most important criteria. There are mattress toppers available for almost all budgets, so you don't need to worry about stretching beyond your means to upgrade your night's sleep. Fortunately, a number of the most popular brands also offer interest-free payment plans – so you can take advantage of any limited time deals, while spreading out the repayment over the coming months. With all of these factors in mind, it's time to find the perfect mattress topper for you. We've picked some of the best mattress toppers on the market that should suit a range of different tastes, no matter which of the criteria above best describe your tastes and priorities. SIMBA reigns supreme in our rundown of the best mattress, so it makes sense that a topper from the same "Bed In A Box" brand would impress. Like its best mattresses, the Hybrid Mattress Topper combines its patented open cell foam, which the company says allows more airflow and better temperature regulation than standard memory foam, and pocket springs to transform your tired mattress into a luxurious place to rest. The SIMBA Hybrid Mattress Topper will add an extra seven centimetres of depth to your existing mattress – that's a sizeable amount of extra support and comfort. As well as the elasticated straps you'll find on most toppers, British brand SIMBA has added an anti-slip base to prevent any movement during the night. Like its mattresses, SIMBA uses 100% recycled materials inside its topper. It's also guaranteed for one year. Can't make up your mind? Emma Sleep has designed a mattress that's perfectly suited to indecisive buyers. The Flip Topper offers two distinct levels of firmness – one on each side – and flipping the topper will let you pick between the right amount of comfort and support each night. As such, even if you change mattress (to something a little firmer, for example) you'll be able to guarantee your topper can adjust to suit the new setup. Aside from its clever flip trick, Emma has one of the longest trial periods of any mattress topper in this guide. Like the mattresses available from this popular "Bed In A Box" brand, you'll be able to sleep on your new memory foam-equipped topper for 100 nights and still get a full refund if you're not happy at the end of that extended period. And if you do decide to hold onto your Emma Flip Topper, you can be sure that it's here to stay. The company offers a 10-year guarantee, which should reassure you about the quality of the materials used inside the topper. Unfortunately, Emma only offers the Flip Topper in a double, king and super king size. So those with a single bed looking to upgrade their night's sleep will need to look for a topper elsewhere or buy one of the best memory foam mattress models available from Emma or another brand. When it comes to sleep-enhancing products, you'll struggle to find a better-known brand than Silentnight. The globally recognised company has one of the most affordable mattress toppers to make the cut in this guide – the Deep Sleep Mattress Topper, which is also available in all mattress sizes, from single to king. Silentnight has used 100% polyester microfibre to add an extra layer of comfort to your mattress. Of course, that won't add the same level of support that you'll get from memory foam – it's only 2.5cm deep, that's around half of the other mattress toppers in this article. However, at a fraction of the cost of rival memory foam options, this topper is a brilliant choice for budget-conscious shoppers or those who want to boost the comfort of a spare bed. The Deep Sleep Mattress Topper can be cleaned in the washing machine, which should keep it fresh for a good while and puts it ahead of some of the competition in this guide. It comes with a two-year guarantee from Silentnight. If you're looking for a memory foam mattress topper, look no further than Eve Sleep. The brand, best known for its critically-acclaimed memory foam mattresses, brings some of the features that make its mattresses such a roaring success to the topper. For example, while you'll get a 365 night trial with an Eve mattress, the company offers a generous 30 night trial for the topper too! At any point during the month, you'll be able to organise a full refund. Not that you'll likely to dislike the Mattress Topper from Eve Sleep as the British brand relies on the same supportive and breathable memory foam found in the hugely-popular Original Mattress. Cleverly, the elasticated straps that keep everything in position on your mattress double up as a way to secure the topper when it's rolled up. For those who want to buy a topper to improve the comfort of a fold-out bed, this will make storing everything away when you haven't got guests much, much simpler. Eve Sleep also lets you wash the cover of the topper in any washing machine at 40 degrees to keep everything fresh. Bamboo bedding is the hot topic amongst sleep aficionados right now and this luxurious mattress topper from London brand Panda is a cost-effective way to bring the latest kit to your existing mattress. The hypoallergenic and breathable cover is made from bamboo and designed to be gentle on your skin. And since this topper relies on memory foam, you can be sure that it'll keep your spine aligned and relieve pressure on your neck and joints, no matter what position you sleep in. According to Panda, using bamboo in its products means they're more sustainable and less environmentally damaging than other materials. If you're tempted to see what sleeping on the gel-infused memory foam (to help regulate temperatures during the night) then there's a generous 30 night trial available when bought direct from Panda's online store. At any point during the month, you'll be able to return the topper for a full refund. Unlike some brands, Panda offers the complete gamut of UK and EU bed sizes, which is handy. READ NEXT