Bayern Munich have made a shock enquiry for Harry Kane as the Bundesliga giants look to sign the England captain with Liverpool's Sadio Mane, according to reports. The prolific Spurs frontman, who turns 29 next month, is said to be seen as the perfect replacement for Robert Lewandowski, who continues to angle for a move to Barcelona. While Kane is a left-field option for the German champions, it appears he is an avenue they are willing to explore, regardless of whether a deal is realistic or not. According to Italian journalist Alfredo Pedulla, Bayern have enquired to see whether it would be possible to land Kane this summer. Tottenham, understandably, have zero interest in selling their star man, who netted 17 times in the Premier League last season. The report also claims that Spurs have offered him a new contract wit his current deal due to expire in 2024. READ MORE: Tottenham 'to make £26m swap deal bid' for Alessandro Bastoni in final transfer attempt Spurs are confident Kane now wants to stay in north London, where he will remain a central figure to Antonio Conte's project. Erling Haaland's move to Manchester City from Borussia Dortmund virtually ruled out the Premier League champions returning for the 2021/21 golden boot winner. That's handed Tottenham an incentive to tie the player down to fresh terms and there is a sense Kane could now commit to a long-term contract. Securing the return of Champions League football has also provided Spurs with confidence that Antonio Conte will stay put. READ MORETottenham 'to make £26m swap deal bid' for Alessandro Bastoni in final transfer attemptTottenham 'in Pau Torres swap deal talks' with Villarreal after Man Utd transfer hesitanceTottenham chief Fabio Paratici 'already held January talks' over discreet summer deal The Italian has previously hinted he could walk away if the club fail to match his ambition. However, he has now received assurances that there will be money to spend on up to six new signings. That will also do Kane's chances of signing a new contract no harm given he wants to win major trophies. From a Bayern perspective, there are large doubts as to whether Kane would be willing to leave the Premier League as he continues to chase down Alan Shearer's all-time goalscoring record. Kane has already hinted that he plans to stay at Spurs, insisting there is still plenty left for this group of players to achieve. "There is still a lot of work to do," Kane told Standard Sport. "I think the improvement has definitely been there since the gaffer came in to where we are now. "It shows it can be done in a short space of time, but obviously we will see what happens over the summer and look forward to the next season with a great manager. Hopefully we've learnt a lot since he's been here."