Paul Kershaw, 51, was able to decrease his bill by hundreds of pounds. This comes amid constant rises in energy prices, which will hit £3,000 in October with many households trying to come up with ways to reduce their bills. Mr Kershaw was able to cut down on his bills by charging his electric car using cheap off-peak energy, then selling it back to the National Grid at peak times to gain a profit. The Mirror reported that by doing so the motorist was able to cover the cost of soaring energy bills. Mr Kershaw, who lives near Cambridge, said: "It has cut my energy bills almost to zero. "It's taking away a lot of the anxiety about bills going up by 300 percent. READ MORE: Drivers to be fined £160 from today for straying into cycle lanes “Last year I paid £7.50 for electricity per month." The 51-year-old took part in a 'vehicle to grid' trial between energy firm Ovo and software company Kaluza. Mr Kershaw said that the scheme works because electric cars are a “massive battery on wheels” and can store power. He added that he does not use his car often meaning his vehicle's battery is storing power he doesn't need. DON'T MISS ‘Making us miserable!’: Almost 250k drivers demand fuel duty cut [INSIGHT] Driving a fuel car will be 'unimaginably difficult' after 2030 ban [REVEAL] Major car tax changes needed or drivers will risk 'implications' [WARNING] Mr Kershaw said: “I only drive a couple of miles a day, and the rest of the time it's just sitting there on the driveway, depreciating in value." The scheme is quite simple to use. Mr Kershaw simply plugs in his Nissan Leaf to charge up during off-peak times. Then, the Kaluza app works out exactly how much energy he needs for his car and how much he could sell back to the grid at peak times. READ MORE: Top Gear deliver pizza in a £200,000 Maserati That power is then sold back to the National Grid when it needs it the most - and when power is most expensive. Mr Kershaw averaged around £93 a month charging his car - but made £164 selling power back to the grid. However, not every EV owner will be able to do what Mr Kershaw has done. Selling electric car power back to the grid requires a special charging box to be installed. Ovo did this for free for Mr Kershaw, and let him keep the box. However, these boxes usually cost from £750 to several thousands of pounds. The good news for drivers is that the cost is expected to fall as the technology becomes more popular. EV owners that want to sell the power back also need to make sure that their car has a special CHAdeMO type of charger. These chargers are currently only common in Japanese electric cars. To reduce bills even further, Mr Kershaw also had solar panels fitted in his property. He claimed that he has sometimes made more than £200 a month by selling power from those too. Nonetheless, the cost of owning an EV seems to be constantly going up. Last week Express.co.uk reported grants for new electric cars worth up to £1,500 have been scrapped. Drivers could previously claim up to £1,500 towards the cost of a plug-in car costing below £32,000. The automotive industry and motoring groups criticised the decision.