Nicola Sturgeon voiced her support for Glasgow as the home of the contest. She said on Twitter: "We wish Eurovision could be in Ukraine but understand that in circumstances this isn't possible. However, I can think of a perfect venue on banks of the River Clyde! The Scottish Government is happy to discuss with BBC, Glasgow County Council EBU-HQ and others." GB News presenter Nana Akua has since slammed the Scottish First Minister for the idea. She said: "Let me get this straight, you're litteraly s****** off Westminster and the union as whole which you are clearly desperate to leave. "It's literally the only thing on your agenda yet you're now happy to be part of the union when it comes to hosting the Eurovision Song Contest. "Can you seen how that looks, Nicola?" READ MORE: Sturgeon's independence hopes brutally crushed The OVO Hydro arena in Glasgow is rumoured to be a favourite location to host the contest for the UK. In a second tweet, Ms Sturgeon added: "Indeed there may be several possible venues in Scotland - let's discuss!!" Sacha Lord, night-time economy adviser for the Greater Manchester Combined Authority (GMCA) and co-founder of Parklife festival, added: "Bringing Eurovision bbceurovision to Greater Manchester 2023, would be huge for our city region. "We're globally known for our music and I'm confident the right people would give it the full support, to make this happen." Welsh Labour MP Kevin Brennan backed Cardiff, tweeting: "Clearly Eurovision should be held at the Principality Stadium (roof closed) Cardiff with 70,000 partygoers - no brainer." Scottish National Party MSP for Aberdeen Central, Kevin Stewart, described his city as "the place to be". "Our city would be immense Eurovision hosts," he added. Representatives of Leeds said the city had already been in contact with the Government and BBC about a bid for the contest. DON'T MISS Eurovision fans blast ‘reluctant’ BBC over Eurovision 2023 statement [INSIGHT]BBC ‘nervous to host Eurovision’ over soaring costs and licence freeze [ANALYSIS]UK to host Eurovision for Ukraine after Sam Ryder's success [VIDEO] A joint statement from James Lewis, leader of Leeds City Council, and Jonathan Pryor, Leeds City Council's executive member for economy and culture, said: "It goes without saying that Leeds will be bidding to host Eurovision in 2023. "Together with ASM Global, the operators of the first direct arena in Leeds, we have already been in touch with both the Government and the BBC to discuss our plans. "Leeds has already proved that it has the capability and capacity to host major international events and ASM Global successfully hosted Eurovision in the Avicii Arena, Stockholm Sweden in 2016. "Given that we will be mid-way through the Leeds 2023 Year of Culture, it could not come at a better time." The UK has hosted the contest in London four times (1960, 1963, 1968 and 1977), and once in Edinburgh (1972), Brighton (1974), Harrogate (1982) and Birmingham (1998).