After a break last weekend, Formula One returns for the Azerbaijan Grand Prix live from Baku. This street race always brings plenty of action, a sprinkling of chaos and more than a few Safety Cars so it's definitely one to watch. If you fancy tuning in to all the live action you will need to sign up for a Sky contract with the telly firm continuing to have exclusive rights to all of the races. You can find all the best deals below. Today's race looks set to be another classic with Ferrari and Red Bull locking out the front rows of the grid. Charles Leclerc took pole in yesterday's qualifying with Sergio Perez beating his teammate to grab second. Verstappen then lines up in third alongside Carlos Sainz. "All pole positions feel good but this one I did not expect it because I thought Red Bull were stronger," Leclerc said. "Especially Q1 and Q2 I struggled to see we were faster but then in Q3 I managed to do a good lap." Ferrari will now be looking to score maximum points after strategy mistakes during the last race in Monaco cost them the win. However, Perez looks full of confidence after winning two weeks ago and Verstappen remains a serious threat. So, if you fancy tuning in we've got full details below. HOW TO WATCH THE AZERBAIJAN GP Sky Sports F1 has all the action live from Baku with subscribers able to tune in via channel 406 with pre-race coverage starting from 12.30pm and the red lights going out at 2pm. If you use Virgin to watch Sky then you'll find the action on channel 506. Everything is also beamed to tablets and smartphones via the Sky Go app which is available for both Android and iOS devices It's worth noting that those who are away on holiday and trying to watch outside of the UK won't be able to use Sky Go due to geo-location restrictions. If you have a Sky subscription this problem can be easily fixed by using a recommended VPN (Virtual Private Network). You can find some of the best options below... Sky Go is also available on a number of platforms including Amazon Fire devices, iPad, Mac computers and laptops, PlayStation 3, PS4 and Xbox One. The Sky Sports app, available to download on iOS and Android devices, will also be providing live text coverage and updates. If you're not currently a Sky Sports customer but can't stand to miss out on the action, you can add the channels to your devices via a NOW membership. Day passes, which let you add Sky Sports channels for 24 hours, start at £11.98 a day. A monthly pass costs £33.99 and you can cancel anytime. NOW is also available on a NOW TV Box, Chromecast, PS5, PS4, PS3, Xbox Series X, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Roku, LG Smart TV, PC or Mac, and selected mobile and tablet devices. Don't forget that Channel Four has all the race highlights, but it will be shown a bit later on this afternoon.