Royal expert Ingrid Seward said that the Duke of Sussex appeared to be uneasy at his two appearances over the weekend, Trooping the Colour and the Service of Thanksgiving. She urged him to "put on a happy face" for "the sake of loyalty" to the Queen. Ms Seward claimed that their short trip, lasting no more than the duration of the Jubilee bank holiday, is evidence of Harry being "ill at ease in his homeland". Harry and Meghan flew back to the UK to celebrate the Queen's 70 years on the throne but reportedly left before Sunday's festivities were over. It was just the second time the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have returned to the UK together since stepping back from royal duties in March 2020 and the first time they had returned to the UK with their two children. While they only made one public appearance during the weekend, at the service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral, the couple were also spotted through the windows of Buckingham Palace at Trooping the Colour. Meghan was seen playfully shushing some of the younger members of the Royal Family. They did not appear on the palace balcony, as the Queen decided this appearance would be reserved for working royals only. Speaking about the couple's trip to the UK, Ms Seward said: "The first public glimpse of Meghan was behind the scenes at Trooping the Colour in the Major General’s office where the children and their parents have an unprecedented view to watch the ceremony. "Meghan could be glimpsed in the background sweetly putting her manicured figure to her lips shushing the overexcited younger children including the lively daughters of Peter Phillips and Zara Tindall. "There was hardly a glimpse of Harry in the darkened room but he can’t have felt very happy watching a military parade of which he should have played an important part. "He appeared ill at ease at both the Trooping and at the Service of Thanksgiving. LIVE UPDATES: Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry 'very upset' after being 'ignored' "He should have put on a happy face as Meghan managed to do for the sake of loyalty to his grandmother. "Harry is ill at ease in his homeland proven by the speed at which the Sussex family exited on Sunday having flown over 10 thousand miles round trip for a five-day visit. "Meghan would argue it was easier to keep the children on Californian time (eight hours ahead). "Many people wish they had kept themselves in California instead of burning tons of carbon emissions during their travels on two private jets. DON'T MISS: Prince Andrew seen for first time since having Covid [PICTURES] 'Squad depth!' Lady Louise leads royals who could see roles changed [ANALYSIS] Kate's reaction to Meghan Markle exposed as Duchesses reunited [REVEAL] "But it was the Queen’s weekend and she wanted her family around her. However well or badly they had behaved in the past. "In the bible Jubilee means restoration and as a woman of deep Christian faith that is what the Queen wanted." But Ms Seward commended the couple for keeping out of the spotlight over the weekend. She told the Mirror: "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex finally kept their promise. "They had agreed not to steal the spotlight from the Queen over the Jubilee weekend and despite their high profile, they did not. "Meghan often talks about 'boundaries', 'privacy' and 'respect'. "She appears to have finally conceded that this does not only apply to her and her children, but to her husband’s family too. "Lilibet finally got to meet her great grandmother, in private. "No photographs were allowed so Harry and Meghan released a cute photograph of Lilibet for her first birthday instead."