Lesia Tsurenko has taken advantage of Wimbledon relaxing rules on clothing for the tournament by wearing a blue and yellow ribbon in a stance against the Russian war during her all-Ukraine match against compatriot Anhelina Kalinina. Wimbledon have stuck with the tradition of players wearing all white since the 1800s and it's become a staple of the Major. The rules read: "Competitors must be dressed in suitable tennis attire that is almost entirely white and this applies from the point at which the player enters the court surround. There should be no solid mass or panel of colouring. A single trim of colour around the neckline and around the cuff of the sleeves is acceptable but must be no wider than one centimetre (10mm). "Colour contained within patterns will be measured as if it is a solid mass of colour and should be within the one centimetre (10mm) guide. Logos formed by variations of material or patterns are not acceptable." But some players spoke with the All England Club about how they could show their support for Ukraine after Russia's invasion and requested to wear a ribbon in the colours of the country. World No 1 Iga Swiatek wore a blue and yellow ribbon on her hat at the French Open and she was seemingly allowed to continue doing that in her first-round match against Jana Fett. Wednesday saw an all-Ukraine clash on Court 12 between Tsurenko and Anhelina Kalinina. JUST IN: Cameron Norrie made brutal swipe at father’s ‘filthy Scottish accent’  The No 29 seed spoke after her first-round win that she would talk with Tsurenko about how they could show their support for Ukraine. Tsurenko also admitted earlier in the tournament that she wasn't sure whether she would be allowed. “Can we wear the ribbon on the match?” she asked. “Because today I was not sure. I don’t know with the Wimbledon rules if we can wear the ribbon.” But the 33-year-old was clearly given the all-clear to show her support for her country by wearing a blue and yellow ribbon on her top. DON'T MISS  Kalinina didn't appear to have any ribbon on her outfit at the start of the match. Wimbledon have made a number of changes to this year's tournament following Russia's invasion of Ukraine with the main point being that Russian and Belarusian players have been banned. The decision was made back in April with Wimbledon being the only Grand Slam so far to take a stance against Vladimir Putin. But Wimbledon officials were not supported in their decision by the ATP and WTA, who responded by stripping the tournament of any ranking points. The sport's governing bodies felt it "undermined" the integrity of the tour, but the All England Club stuck to their guns.