Aston Villa have reportedly told Manchester United that they have 'no chance' of signing Danny Ings this summer despite rumours linking the England star with a move to Old Trafford. Links touting the Winchester-born striker with a move to the north - to either United or Leeds - cropped up on Sunday afternoon, sparking excitement that Erik ten Hag was set to make his first signing as United boss. With Edinson Cavani departing the club, Mason Greenwood still unavailable for selection and Marcus Rashford currently in poor form, striking options are needed at the Theatre of Dreams. But according to Sky, the rumours tipping Ings to return to the north after spells with Liverpool and Burnley early in his career are wide of the mark, with Villa unwilling to comply with any sale. The report states that Villa have no intention of selling their star despite reports linking him to United and bitter rivals Leeds ahead of the new season. It had been suggested that Villa were potentially open to a sale should a plausible bid come in, although that has been debunked according to Sky. The striker is seen as an 'integral part' of Steven Gerrard's squad having only joined the Villans last summer. Having scored seven goals in 30 Premier League games last season, bigger things may have been expected of the star, although a managerial change may have been to blame for that. And alongside Ollie Watkins, the star could form part of a superb attack featuring the likes of Philippe Coutinho and Leon Bailey. Ten Hag spoke out about the fact that he was given reassurances before taking the job just over a month ago, claiming that the budget had to be right in terms of transfer assurances. “I make demands in advance before I arrive," Ten Hag said to Dutch outlet Trouw. "If the club doesn’t grant them I won’t take the job. I am the one responsible, I am the one who will get judged by results. I don’t want to be a ruler, I will work together, but having a say in transfers is a condition for me." With Cristiano Ronaldo's future also up in the air given United's failure to qualify for the Champions League, targets will have to be acquired in order to fill the gaps. Darwin Nunez was targeted, although the striker is set to move to Liverpool for a fee of around £70million upfront. And so Ten Hag will have to reorganise his focus if he is to exit the transfer market successfully.