Carla Lane Animals in Need rescue centre said the "perfect storm" means it can't accommodate any more animals after owners also feel the pinch of the cost of living crisis. The Liverpool centre has a waiting list as they can no longer accept all of the unwanted animals being brought to them. Kelly O’Shea, the centre manager, explained the range of reasons why people were giving up their pets. She said many owners didn’t understand the costs associated with adopting a dog - which has become an even bigger issue as the cost of living drives pet food prices and products up. Pet care products, including food, have gone up on average by 6.6 per cent since last year according to the Office for National Statistics. Prices are likely to continue to rise in line with inflation. She also noted an increase in “unscrupulous people” becoming “backyard breeders” for “an easy income stream” partly behind the rise in owners giving up their pets.  Many breeders don’t consider whether the dogs they are selling are suitable for a person’s home, which leads people to later give up their pets, according to Ms O’Shea. There was a surge in dog ownership at the start of the pandemic, when people were working from home and had more time to look after their pets. Since then, as people return to commuting, many are struggling to find time to care for their animals. She said that many have turned to rescue centres like Carla Lane for help. READ MORE: EU doubts in Austria as OVER HALF don't think membership is good  Although the shelter is at maximum capacity, she said she continues to encourage owners to reach out if they are struggling or need advice and that the shelter was “more than happy” to help with concerns. Speaking to the BBC, she said: "Sometimes just some basic, simple training is often all that's needed for people to be able to enjoy a lifetime companionship with their pet." Pet ownership spiked during the coronavirus pandemic, rising to a high of 62 per cent in 2021/22, according to Statistica. The Pet Food Manufacturers Association (PMFA) estimates that up to 3.2million pets were bought during lockdown. While many people bought pets due to social isolation, there are concerns about animal welfare, according to the PFMA. DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: Farage says Tory lies on EU exit have cost Boris [LIVE]Biden takes over UK nuclear defence in £2.6bn deal [REPORT]Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim [INSIGHT] Marie Da Silva, 30, acquired her puppy, Stevie, a Schnauzer-poodle mix during lockdown, she told the BBC. She said: "Stevie is an absolute ray of sunshine. Every morning she is so excited to see me and go on her walk," says Marie, explaining that as she lives in a flat, a small dog is ideal. "There is no way I could have adjusted to life with a puppy had there not been a pandemic. Luckily, I work in a dog-friendly office and the two months of lockdown have really helped me train her. "However, you shouldn't underestimate how demanding and time-consuming they can be. She's definitely adventurous, but nothing that some training sessions can't fix." 