Arsenal have reportedly made an offer for Chelsea flop Alvaro Morata as Tottenham prepare to hijack their pursuit of Manchester City ace Gabriel Jesus. Gunners boss Mikel Arteta is desperate to bring in a new striker this summer, with Alexandre Lacazette set to leave the club just five months after Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang moved to Barcelona. Arteta could attempt to bring Morata back to the Premier League more than three-and-a-half years after he last pulled on a Chelsea shirt. The striker played 72 games for the Blues after joining them from Real Madrid in 2017. But he failed to make the grade at Stamford Bridge and was shipped out on loan to Atletico Madrid at the start of 2019, before making his transfer permanent in June 2020. Morata only stayed in Spain for 12 weeks after his transfer to Atletico was made permanent, however, as he joined Juventus on loan in September 2020. And he has been plying his trade in Italy ever since, notching 35 goals in 130 appearances for the Old Lady. Morata has previously revealed that he is happy to stay at the Allianz Stadium. But, according to Tuttomercatoweb, Arsenal have put forward a bid to Atletico for the 29-year-old. And Gunners chiefs will be hoping the player fancies a second crack at the Premier League. READ MORE: Christian Eriksen has 'accepted' element of Man Utd transfer    “It’s not up to me, I can’t do anything about it,” Morata said as he spoke about his future earlier this month. “My wife and children will follow me wherever I need to go. I do have preferences and options, but I want to go where the club is interested in playing me.” Arsenal’s interest in Morata could indicate that Arteta is concerned he might not get a deal for Jesus over the line. The Gunners had appeared favourites to land the Brazil international but, according to Gianluca Di Marzio, their north London rivals Spurs are ready to step in and attempt to lure him to Tottenham Hotspur Stadium instead. DON'T MISS Man Utd have another free agent to ponder as Ten Hag eyes Eriksen Erik ten Hag and Man Utd board at loggerheads over Frenkie de Jong Joel Glazer’s current actions as Man Utd push for De Jong transfer    Antonio Conte’s team beat Arsenal to Champions League qualification at the end of last season as they cemented fourth place in the Premier League on the final day of the campaign. And their status in Europe’s top tier competition could give them a helping hand when it comes to negotiating with Jesus. But Arsenal will do everything they can to convince him to move to the Emirates. Jesus has bagged 95 goals and 46 assists in 236 appearances for City since moving to England from Palmeiras at the start of 2017. And his know-how in front of goal is clearly making him one of the top transfer targets in the Premier League this summer. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here  