Maria (played by Samia Longchambon) has been trying her hardest to make positive changes in Weatherfield since becoming a local councillor. But ITV soap spoilers have revealed her move to change the recycling collections will have unintended consequences. Will Maria end up getting kicked out of the local council? Maria is set to find herself in a difficult situation after learning she has accidentally caused a strike. She has been putting green issues first since becoming a councillor but her decision to change the local recycling collections backfires in upcoming scenes. Maria brings in extra bins and new collections to make sure environmental issues are a priority for Weatherfield. However, Maria ends up confiding in her husband Gary Windass (Mikey North) about the recycling collectors going on strike due to the extra bins she has set up. READ MORE: GMB viewers demand Richard Madeley be removed over Rwanda question An upset Maria tells Gary the strike is all her fault and is desperate to fix the problem. Later on, Maria meets with a team leader from the refuse workers' depot to discuss the matter. She offers to propose a pay rise on account of the additional workload caused by the extra recycling bins. Maria hopes her proposal will be enough to get the refuge workers back on the job.   However, will the workers continue to strike if they don't receive a pay rise? Will they turn against Maria and make sure she loses her position as a local councillor which she worked so hard for? Maria's passion for environmental issues started last year when she discovered her son Liam Connor Jr. (Charlie Wrenshall) had asthma. She began worrying about how air pollution in the area could be affecting her son's condition. DON'T MISS...Corrie's Matthew Marsden details 'crazy' experience with Beyonce [EXPLAINER]Coronation Street theory: Exit for Phil as Hope destroys wedding [THEORY]Coronation Street theory: Abi kills son Alfie's foster carer  [SPOILER]   Maria actress Samia told Digital Spy at the time: "It's great to see feisty Maria back, we haven't seen her for a while. "It's really fun and it's a different side to her that we haven't seen before. "She's usually fighting over a man, but this time she's fighting for her son.  "She's definitely prepared to play the overprotective parent." However, Maria's confidence might be knocked if the refuge workers betray her in upcoming scenes. How would she pick herself back up if she was no longer able to be a councillor? Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays on ITV at 8pm.