Prince Charles is representing the Queen at the summit of Commonwealth leaders held in Kigali, Rwanda. Lorraine Kelly discussed the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall’s visit with royal editor Russell Myers on Thursday’s instalment of her ITV show with the host declaring Charles had “learned lessons” from recent royal tours. Charles and Camilla met with survivors and perpetrators of the Rwandan Genocide ahead of the summit. Russell began: “The Queen is still head of the Commonwealth. “Charles will be taking over in the passage of time as the Queen has put it herself. “But he’s definitely very much we’re seeing a king in waiting, a statesman on these big tours. Read more: Lorraine Kelly was desperate to wear Princess Diana's iconic sweater “I think it’s very right that they got to go and experience what people have been through here and are still recovering from straight away before the business of climate change, girls' education.” “Camilla will make a big important speech about domestic violence later on as well,” she added. Lorraine remarked: “I think they’ve learned a lot of lessons after other trips that we’ve been on especially to the Caribbean. “They have learned from that, that’s for sure.” William and Kate’s recent tour to the Caribbean was met with some backlash. The Duke of Cambridge addressed the visit during a speech where he applauded the contribution of British-Caribbean communities on Windrush Day. He said: “My family have been proud to celebrate this for decades — whether that be through support from my father on Windrush Day, or more recently during my grandmother's Platinum Jubilee, as people from all communities and backgrounds came together to acknowledge all that has changed over the past seventy years and look to the future. “This is something that resonated with Catherine and me after our visit to the Caribbean earlier this year.” DON'T MISSLorraine Kelly admits struggling to watch Piers Morgan's new show [INSIGHT]Ruth Langsford speaks out on feud with Loose Women co-stars [INTERVIEW]Jennie Bond addresses 'burden of kingship' for Prince William  [VIDEO] “Our trip was an opportunity to reflect, and we learnt so much. Not just about the different issues that matter most to the people of the region, but also how the past weighs heavily on the present." Meanwhile, Charles will meet with Boris Johnson during the Commonwealth summit. This comes after the Prince of Wales was reportedly heard blasting the Government’s Rwanda migrant plan as “appalling”. Charles said the comments in a private conversation, according to The Times. The first flight due to take asylum seekers from the UK to Rwanda was stopped last week. Minutes before the plane was due to take off, the flight was halted after a ruling by Europe’s human rights court. The summit of Commonwealth leaders was postponed in 2021 and 2020 because of the pandemic. Lorraine airs on ITV on weekdays at 9am.