The royal expert joined GB News host Patrick Christy to discuss Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's return to the UK and their involvement in the Jubilee celebrations. Whilst leaving St Paul's Cathedral on Friday morning after the Service of Thanksgiving, the pair were booed by onlookers celebrating. Touching on the reaction, Dr Cassidy defended the couple and praised the Queen's decision to have them involved. Commenting on the boos, Patrick said: "Yeah, I would have booed Harry and Meghan, would you?" Dr Cassidy explained: "I think we have to take this into context, Patrick, they made these choices to go off and make money, and so we have to allow them that opportunity. "And many people like the Queen will definitely have regretted this move, the Queen is full-on revealing who she is, her authentic self. "But also let's remember, Meghan and Harry, when they chose to opt-out, they are also making very clear revelations about their authenticity. READ MORE: Rod Stewart admits Penny has ‘thing’ for Prince Charles "So we can see how liberal they have become to maximise on their titles and to do their own thing, and we cannot deny anyone the chance to do their own thing," he defended. Dr Cassidy continued: "But it doesn't look as though it is working out and what we are seeing here now is the Queen revealing her core personality traits. "She is showing us her graciousness, that is why we are singing God save our gracious queen, long may she reign. "Her graciousness comes from her deep-rooted Christian faith, that is why we are now seeing a case of the prodigal son. "She is reaching out to build bridges, we saw this yesterday with her reaching out to Lilibet to say come in, you are welcome." With Meghan and Harry being booed as they left the venue, Prince William and Kate Middleton received a flurry of cheers. The official birthday of the queen kicked off Thursday with Trooping the Colour and the lighting of the beacons. Friday's main event was the Service of Thanksgiving, which occurred in the morning at St Paul's Cathedral. The Service of Thanksgiving is one event of many to occur throughout the week and weekend as Britain celebrates 70 years of Queen Elizabeth II's reign. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry dubbed ‘invisible man’ during Jubilee Thanksgiving  [INSIGHT]Britons give verdict on Harry and Meghan's dramatic Jubilee return [LATEST]Meghan and Harry hold 'secret talks' with Prince Charles [MORE] Despite their recent media outing during the Invictus Games and being followed by a Netflix crew, Prince Harry appeared cautious as the couple returned to the media glare of the UK. Their sustained period of absence from royal engagements saw body language expert Judi James explain: "It was like he had agreed to be the invisible man there to some extent. "There was also a return of the slightly haunted eye expression we used to see before they moved," she told GB News. The couple stepped down as working royals in 2020 and moved to America, where they have been exploring their life away from royal duties. Meghan and Harry were seen backstage at the Trooping the Colour despite reports they wouldn't be allowed near the balcony. They will also be marking their daughter Lilibet's first birthday over the weekend, with the Queen meeting her granddaughter for the first time. Friday Night Feast with Patrick Christy airs every Friday from 7pm on GB News.