Manchester United have interest in Pau Torres and Darwin Nunez as they look to bolster their squad. And, over the past week, it’s been claimed deals for both players are ‘close’ by the same source. Erik ten Hag is eager for the Red Devils to get their recruitment right as they look to win the Premier League title for the first time since 2013, back when Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost. With the start of the summer transfer window edging closer, United are being linked with a host of players. And links to Torres and Nunez have intensified over the past seven days, with the duo shining for Villarreal and Benfica respectively last term. United were in for Torres 12 months ago, only to end up moving for Raphael Varane instead under the guidance of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. And GiveMeSport’s Dean Jones said earlier in the week that sources close to the player were adamant a move was ‘close’. “I think, from what I understand, a lot of people close to Pau Torres do see this deal as one that is still gathering pace,” he said. “People close to the player say it is close and Villarreal think there’s a good chance it will happen.” Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings And that update came just mere days after Jones had said a deal for Nunez was ‘extremely close’, too. He said: “One source described this deal to United to me as being ‘extremely close’. “They consider Atletico Madrid as their main rivals to sign him, from what I hear, but obviously, loads around Europe are looking. “If Darwin does move to Old Trafford, it will be a brilliant signing for the Ten Hag era.” If United are indeed on the verge of signing the pair, it will give Ten Hag the flying start he craves. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Regarding Torres, his arrival would come at a time where Eric Bailly, Phil Jones and Axel Tuanzebe are expected to leave. It’s feasible he’d slot in alongside Varane, which would also spell trouble for club captain Harry Maguire. Maguire had a torrid campaign last time out, with his form regressing under both Solskjaer and Rangnick. And it would also mean Victor Lindelof having to spend more time on the bench, too, than he’s normally used to. If United land Nunez, he could challenge Cristiano Ronaldo for a starting berth. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Though Ronaldo netted an impressive 24 goals across all competitions, he can’t go on forever at the age of 37. Additionally, Nunez could also play on the left-hand side of United’s attack. That would potentially mean moving Jadon Sancho to the opposite flank, with the England international previously playing there at times for Borussia Dortmund. And it would also damage Marcus Rashford’s chances of securing regular game time. Rashford has been linked with moves to the likes of Arsenal, Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona in recent months. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Yet even if Nunez arrives, it’s hard to see United getting rid of their academy graduate at the current moment in time. The Red Devils also have interest in other players as the start of the summer transfer window nears. They remain interested in Ajax’s Jurrien Timber, even though he hinted he’d be happy to stay in the Netherlands. Frenkie de Jong, of Barcelona, is also in their sights. And United have emerged as potential suitors for N'Golo Kante, whose long-term future at Chelsea is up in the air.