Liverpool are poised to kick off the bidding for Aberdeen's teenage full-back Calvin Ramsay. Manager Jurgen Klopp will hope to unearth the next Andy Robertson in the process, having propelled the Scotsman from relative obscurity to one of the world's best during his five-year spell at Anfield. Right-back is not an area of major concern for Liverpool, given that Trent Alexander-Arnold is their nailed-on first choice and is expected to remain so. The Englishman notched 12 Premier League assists last campaign to cement that, but Klopp does not have a clear understudy aside from Joe Gomez, who is a centre-back by trade. Ramsay is a more natural full-back option and has impressed during his first full campaign in the Aberdeen senior set-up. Express Sport understands that the Reds will commence the bidding this week at £3.5million, and things could progress quickly. The fee would smash Aberdeen's transfer record, and hefty add-ons could further tempt them into doing business for the promising teenager. Leeds United are among the other sides interested in Ramsay, and the Scottish outfit had to fend off several approaches in January. JUST IN: Four clubs Gareth Bale could join ahead of World Cup as Tottenham snub Wales ace Ramsay, who is still just 18 years old, racked up 24 Scottish Premiership appearances for The Dons last term, finishing with one goal and four assists. The Reds hold a significant advantage in negotiations as Anfield is believed to be his preferred destination. When Alexander-Arnold is rested or injured, Klopp could be set to wheel out a formidable all-Scottish full-back duo next season. Robertson cost just £8m from relegated Hull City back in 2017 but has gone from strength to strength since, reaching double figures for assists in three of the last four campaigns. DON'T MISS...Gareth Southgate says Bayern Munich stars created Jamal Musiala issue for EnglandBayern may have shot themselves in foot with bid for Liverpool's Sadio ManeChelsea 'rejected' by Antonio Rudiger replacement they could've signed on a free Much like Robertson, who joined the Reds in his early twenties, Ramsay will hope to be given a chance to impress if he takes the leap of faith and Aberdeen accept what's on the table. The young right-back may become one of the more prominent youngsters in Klopp's ranks alongside Harvey Elliott and Curtis Jones, both of whom have seen plenty of action. Meanwhile, there are other incomings and outgoings expected at Anfield over the next few weeks. Sadio Mane's saga may be the most high profile as Bayern Munich recently saw an opening £21m bid rejected, but the German giants are expected to come again, while the Reds are reportedly 'negotiating' for Leeds' Kalvin Phillips. "Football games are sometimes decided by single players, most of the time they are decided by the whole performance and we can work on the whole performance," said Klopp before the end of last season. "We can have world-class players - we do have world-class players - and we will have world-class players [in the future] so it is not about what other teams are doing. We are just interested in what we can do, so let’s give it a go, let’s try, and we will try."