 The latest data from the AA shows record prices for both petrol and diesel with drivers paying an average of 180.73p for a litre of unleaded and 186.57p for diesel. Many experts have predicted that diesel may soon reach £2 per litre, pointing at oil companies who may hike prices further.  In response to the ever-increasing fuel prices, some drivers have been turning to fuel-saving techniques to save them money - known as hypermiling. Karl Dyson, Founder of hypermiler.co.uk, spoke to Jeremy Vine on BBC Radio 2 yesterday to explain how drivers could benefit from using fuel-saving techniques. When asked whether he would ever consider fitting an “aerofoil” to his car to make it more aerodynamic, he said alternative methods would be better. He said: “I don't think id go as far as that - to spend money to save money as such. READ MORE: Drivers warned of using 'not good' hypermiling techniques to save fuel  “Things to help reduce aerodynamic drag include making sure the windows are closed and also things like removing roof bars. “These all help to reduce the drag.” Some drivers have taken other measures to help increase their fuel efficiency and reduce their consumption. One of these methods includes drafting, also known as tailgating or slipstreaming. DON'T MISSDrivers urged to use hypermiling 'tricks' to increase fuel efficiency [INSIGHT]Drivers challenged to ditch their vehicles in July to help save planet [CHALLENGE]Van shortages and record fuel prices could lead to higher costs [WARNING]  The aim is to drive as close as possible behind another vehicle on motorways to cash in on the improved aerodynamics. This is a commonly used technique in motorsports and even in cycling. However, it can be risky for drivers when travelling closely behind someone, with Mr Dyson urging drivers to remain safe. He added: “It is actually a technique used by hypermilers, but one of the key things I would say is that with all of hypermiling, it needs to be done safely.  “People do consider that as an option and I have seen that on my travels people following lorries. “As long as they stay within a safe distance and that distance is essentially two seconds in ideal conditions. “If it’s raining or it's slippery, then you do need to adjust accordingly. “The key thing is that you have to be safe.  “Just being aware of your fuel efficiency and your driving mean that you can tune your driving and improve over time.” Luke Bosdet, AA spokesperson, said “reckless speculation” was leading to the “rip-off” prices at the pumps. He reiterated calls from drivers and motoring organisations across the country for the Government to intervene to help drivers. Mr Bosdet continued: “The Government needs to act fast to rein in these excesses and the example of fuel price transparency in Northern Ireland, where petrol and diesel two days ago averaged 6p a litre cheaper than the UK average, shows a way forward that will revive competition and can be implemented in a matter of weeks. “It’s what the Prime Minister might call ‘oven-ready’. “Over the past two days, the wholesale price of petrol has started to fall back. “Meanwhile 27 percent of low-income drivers are having to cut back on food shopping to make ends.” Previously in March, Chancellor Rishi Sunak cut fuel duty by 5p as part of sweeping measures to deal with the cost of living crisis.