Kerry Price and her husband John bought their property in April 2018 and decided to undertake a massive renovation. The couple, who are from the West Midlands, stripped the house back to brick to renovate it and then decided to upgrade the garden and build a wrap-around extension. However, rather than getting professionals to complete the extension, the mum-of-two and her husband decided to do the job themselves. Kerry, 28, is an interiors blogger who writes about her renovation journey on her Instagram account Renovation_44. The mum-of-two spoke to BestHeating to explain how she completed the renovation. After completing the renovation of their whole house and garden within a year, they decided to send off plans for the extension. Their plans were approved and then the couple started work on the extension. READ MORE: How to clean windows and leave them 'sparkling' The extension cost them a total of £40,000 but they were originally quoted an eye-watering £70,000. The couple managed to save £30,000 because they have a variety of trade skills within the family. John also did a lot of the work himself which saved the family even more money. Before the extension was built, the home had an old garage.  DON'T MISSEast Anglians told 'plant tall trees to prevent new electricity pylons [INSIGHT]Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [UPDATE]‘Essential treatment’ to keep your lawn ‘healthy’ - gives ‘protection’ [ANALYSIS] This was then turned into a 4.6m x 10.2m extension. Kerry explained: “We used mood boards to perfect the open plan design and create a sleek layout to accompany the white contemporary décor, which I love along with the hint of grey.” One of Kerry’s favourite features of the extension is the roof lantern. The roof lantern is an impressive 2m x 2.5m which opens up the space, giving it a “wow factor”. Kerry also loves the vertical radiator they installed next to the TV. She added: “It adds an extra pop of colour to the walls and let’s face it, is gorgeous! “We positioned this there to make use of the height of the wall. “The radiators give off so much heat when used, were easy to install and look beautiful - who said radiators have to be ugly?” For those looking to complete their own extension, Kerry has offered some of her tips: Kerry said DIYers should work out their budget and then add 20 percent on top to cover extras and mishaps. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea  “We worked out what we would spend before the project and it's guaranteed to always go over but that's why we suggest keeping an extra 20 percent for that,” she said. Although it may be tempting to compromise to renovate with your price range, Kerry suggested not doing this. The interior blogger said they ended up opting for “cheap options” when their budget was running low but instantly regretted it. They then ended up ripping out the cheap options and changing them. Kerry said: “If your budget is running low that's fine, wait and save, because if you do what we did you end up wasting even more money!” Kerry said homeowners should look at the BTU output when purchasing radiators. This is what indicates the best heat range. She added: “The higher the BTU the better.”