Strike action is expected to be supported by roughly 4,000 workers across the London Underground. Transport for London (TfL) has apologised for the disruption it’s expected to have, on journey times for people travelling through the capital. A similar walk out was narrowly avoided over the Jubilee bank holiday weekend, which rounded off celebrations on Sunday. Staff will begin their strike action at 00.01am on Monday, June 6, and will not return until 24 hours later. The walk out is also expected to cause disruption for some stations at the start of Tuesday, June 7. A separate strike was planned to take place last Friday after members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) entered a row over allegations of bullying.  READ MORE: 'They want EU flag flying' Jubilee row over Union Jack 'Nazi' slur But the strike action was averted following “significant progress” during talks, between the union and London Underground. A review will now take place, with input from the RMT, to resolve the issue. The RMT added if no immediate improvements are seen, and the review does not lead to a just settlement, the strike action will take place on a different day instead. However, no resolution has been found for Monday’s strike, which is expected to “cause severe disruption” throughout London.  Stations throughout central and south London are at particular risk of being affected, while TfL has said it “will keep as many stations as possible open”. The strike will not affect passengers travelling via the DLR, London Overground and trams operated by TfL. But along with the Crossrail project - the Elizabeth line - they are all expected to see higher levels of demand than usual. Andy Lord, TfL's chief operating officer, said on Sunday: "I'd like to apologise to London for the impact this strike will have on journeys tomorrow and on Tuesday morning.  DON'T MISS: Commuters to face ‘damaging’ impact as Underground strike hits [INSIGHT]Jubilee: Shock as Harry and Meghan will not attend historic event [NEWS]'Mind your own business!' Biden and Pelosi savaged over Brexit row [ANALYSIS] "We know it's going to be damaging to London and the economy at a time when public transport is playing a crucial role in the capital's recovery. "While our focus is always on helping everyone travel around London whenever they want, the expected impact of the RMT's action means we have to advise people to only travel tomorrow if necessary, as many stations may be closed. "Alternatives to the Tube, including the bus and rail networks, are likely to be much busier than usual." The RMT has said it’s striking in response to proposals from TfL to not recruit into around 500 to 600 existing positions, as they become vacant.  TfL is looking to move towards a more financially viable model by April next year, as part of a funding agreement struck with the Government. It’s insisted that nobody will lose their job as a result of its proposals, and no changes are on the way for pensions. However, the RMT has disputed this, arguing the plans reflect lost jobs and have placed pensions at risk. 