As the Droughtlander drags on, fans of the Starz series Outlander are looking for some sort of relief until the new episodes drop. While many fans are revisiting the previous seasons, there are some who are curious to know more about the various stars of the show and their backgrounds - here’s everything you need to know about actress Lotte Verbeek. Dutch star Lotte was born in Venlo, Limburg in the Netherlands on June 24, 1982. She studied at the Dance Academy in Arnhem as well as the Amsterdam Academy of Jazz/Musical Theatre and Dance. The star started out featuring in Dutch movies including Moes (2006) and LEFT (2007) as well as 2009’s Nothing Personal, which won her international acclaim. Nothing Personal also saw Lotte walk away with the best actress award at the International Film Festival of Marrakech in 2009. READ MORE: John Bell Outlander nationality: Where was John Hunter Bell born? Her first big international role was playing Giulia Farnese in the Showtime drama The Borgias, focusing on the powerful papal family. Lotte was part of the drama from 2011 until 2013 and went on to feature in several movies including The Fault In Our Stars, In Your Name, Entertainment, and The Last Witch Hunter. She later joined the Marvel universe as Ana Jarvis in the TV series Agent Carter, before landing the role of Geillis Duncan in Outlander. Geillis had a big part to play in season one after she encountered Claire Fraser (played by Caitriona Balfe) at Castle Leoch. READ MORE: Outlander: Why was Oliver Finnegan replaced as Jamie's son? Geillis and Claire formed a friendship with the 20th century nurse realising her friend was also a time traveller after spotting a vaccine mark. The two women were bound together further after they were put on trial for being witches with Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) rescuing his wife while Geillis’ fate remained unknown. Later, it emerged Geillis survived after forcing her lover Dougal MacKenzie (Graham McTavish) to free her. Lotte spoke on Twitter back in 2015 about her role in the show, admitting: “I didn’t want to at first! GD looks so different in the books, but the scene stole my heart.” DON'T MISS...Outlander: Why was Romann Berrux replaced as Fergus Fraser? [INSIGHT]Sam Heughan: Can Outlander star really speak Gaelic? [ANALYSIS]Lauren Lyle nationality: Where was Outlander star born? [EXPLAINER]  The star went on to say: “The first meeting with Caitriona Balfe was my [audition] scene.” Lotte had to put on a Scottish accent for her character and said it wasn’t “super easy” and she was “quite self-conscious” about it. She explained: “Even for British people who are typically very good at accents, it’s quite a hard accent to master. I thought, what am I going do as a Dutch‑speaking person? “But we had an amazing accent coach and she has been on the show all the way through the three seasons. So, every time I came back to the show, she was always there. “What would help in Scotland is that I would be picked up by a driver with a really broad accent.” She added to Entertainment Weekly in 2017: “I would sit in a car for 45 minutes talking to somebody I could barely understand. Slowly over the course of the days I would kind of get into it.” In Outlander, Claire went on to discover Geillis’ real history in the present as Gillian Edgars, a Jacobite fanatic who was desperate to change the course of history so Bonnie Prince Charlie (Andrew Gower) would ascend to the Scottish throne. She ultimately failed in her endeavour and instead moved to the West Indies, where she set about trying again to travel through the stones and using Young Ian (John Bell) as a blood sacrifice to return to the past. Once again, she was thwarted with Claire killing Geillis after the two women were caught in an altercation. In the Outlander novels by Diana Gabaldon, Geillis makes another appearance later on and there’s nothing to suggest Lotte won’t return to Outlander again. Since starring in Outlander, Lotte has appeared in the Starz series Counterpart, The Blacklist and will next appear in the movie Perfidious. Outlander season 7 is in production