The couple signed a multi-million-pound deal with Netflix shortly after they stepped down from their royal duties and moved to the US in 2020. As part of the deal, they are believed to have agreed to let a camera crew into their California home to capture content for the upcoming series. The details of the series are not yet known but the couple have been spotted out filming with Netflix during a visit to New York last September. It is alleged that the broadcaster would like to make the series available by the end of the year but sources suggest that Meghan and Harry would like it held until 2023. In response to the announcement, members of the British public had their say about whether they would watch the show once it is released.  Opinion polling company Techne spoke with more than 1,600 members of the public from different areas of the UK and asked them whether they would watch the docu-series. Out of those asked, just over half - 54 percent - of people said they would watch the show. The findings indicated that 54 percent of people answered yes, 34 percent of people answered no and 12 percent said they didn't know whether they would watch it. Female participants were more likely to say yes at 57 percent compared to 50 percent for men. READ MORE: Taxpayers 'miffed' with William and Kate's move to Adelaide Cottage The age group most likely to want to watch the show was those in the over 64 category, with 63 percent answering yes. Techne's findings also showed that participants who voted leave during the Brexit referendum were more likely to want to watch the show at 57 percent, compared to remain voters at 53 percent. Despite the majority of participants saying they would watch the Netflix series, a separate poll conducted last month showed that Meghan and Harry's popularity has dramatically plummetted in recent times. According to results from a YouGov survey, the couple's popularity was highest in the year they tied in the knot at Windsor, slipping significantly after they parted ways with the Royal Family two years ago. DON'T MISS: Queen heartbreak: Monarch pulls out of Ascot AGAIN [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew 'won't be seen much at all' once Charles is King [ANALYSIS]‘It was my grandfather's!’ Woman ‘in hysterics’ after losing £20,000 [COMMENT] Similarly, a survey by pollsters Techne exclusively for Express.co.uk showed that just 33 percent of respondents held a positive opinion of Prince Harry, while 56 percent had negative feelings towards his wife, Meghan. Express.co.uk also had their say in a different poll recently when asked if Prince William should help bring his younger brother back into the royal fold. A huge 73 percent answered 'no' while 18 percent said 'yes' and nine percent answered 'don't know'. It comes after the Sussexes returned to the UK to take part in the Queen's Jubilee celebrations earlier this month. Rumours circulated that they were set to bring a camera crew along with them as part of their deal with Netflix. However, the couple kept a relatively low profile during the four-day royal weekend and didn't appear to have a camera crew in tow.