Pippa Middleton and James Matthews are expecting baby number three, and royal fans cannot wait for the new addition. Following in the footsteps of her sister Kate Middleton, Pippa has previously given birth in the Lindo Wing of St. Mary’s Hospital. The Lindo Wing costs upwards of £5,900 for just a one night stay.  It is very likely that Pippa would choose the same hospital for her third child. What is it like inside? With its gourmet menu, luxury toiletries and personalised care, the Lindo Wing offers high-quality service. The hospital has very high-profile patients with prices starting at £5,900 for a one-night stay.  This rises to £6,275 for a deluxe package and even higher for the ward's suites. Therefore, very few will ever experience the luxury of the Lindo. The hospital is also known for going above and beyond to provide premium aftercare for its clients. A brochure for the wing reveals how each room comes equipped with satellite TV offering “major international channels”.   There is also a “radio, bedside phone and a fridge”. A wide selection of newspapers and free WiFi is also available. Patients are offered a wine list, including Champagne, and can have afternoon tea delivered to the room. Pippa is likely to have great a team of medical experts and other staff working or on stand-by from Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust, which runs St Mary's.  The Lindo Wing is part of St Mary's Hospital, which was first founded in 1845, making it 173 years old. It is an NHS hospital with a private wing, which was named after hospital board member Frank Charles Lindo after he donated £111,500. A host of celebrities and royals have given birth at the unit, including Amal Clooney, who gave birth to twins in 2017. St Mary's Hospital also has a special care section, The Winnicott Baby Unit. It can look after up to 18 babies at a time in intensive care, high dependency or special care.  The multidisciplinary team cares for around 350 premature or sick newborn babies each year. The Lindo Wing was re-opened in June 2012 after extensive refurbishment. Prince William was born at 9.03pm in the Lindo Wing on June 21, 1982, weighing 7lb 1.5oz. He made his public debut with his parents outside the hospital, wrapped in a white blanket carried in the arms of his mother Princess Diana, with Prince Charles at their side. Prince Harry was born in the same exclusive wing just over two years later. 