Tottenham have suffered a transfer blow in their pursuit for Everton's Richarlison. The north London side need to offload Steven Bergwijn in order to do so, and although the Dutchman is not short of options, there is one thing standing in the way of a potential transfer. Everton and Ajax are battling for Bergwijn’s signature to bolster their ranks, with the Toffees believed to have moved ahead in the race by submitting a higher offer than the Dutch side. Frank Lampard's side are also prepared to pay the transfer fee of £22m that Spurs demand. However, the 24-year-old is said to favour a move back to his native country over Goodison Park, while also being able to play in European football. Ajax claimed the Eredivisie silverware last season, finishing two points clear of PSV Eindhoven. JUST IN: Man Utd to bolster Erik ten Hag transfer budget as '£11m Fulham agreement struck' The Dutch side had previously shown an interest back in the January transfer window and saw two offers below £20m rejected. Club directors Gerry Hamstra and Klaas Jan Huntelaar once more failed to reach an agreement with Spurs after seeing a bid for their player rebuffed earlier this month. Spurs who paid £27m for the 24-year-old from PSV Eindhoven back in 2020, are keen to recoup the majority of the fee paid - which would go towards their swoop for Richarlison. Bergwijn who fell out of favour in North London after being restricted to regular game time, said back earlier this month: “It would be nice if there was clarity soon. I just have to go play. But I want to leave Spurs now, that's for sure. DON'T MISS Man Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinationsMan Utd board 'in talks' over surprise first signing to kickstart Erik ten Hag eraWhat Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told Frenkie de Jong to spark dramatic transfer U-turn  “What's important is that I'm going to play. "I wasn't allowed to leave Spurs in the winter and then I didn't have any problems. The last few months I was hardly looked after there. Now I want to play somewhere weekly.” But despite Everton’s best efforts to secure a deal, the Dutch winger wants to play European football next season with a view to being part of the World Cup in Qatar later this year.  Meanwhile Richarlison is keen on a move away from Merseyside, after expressing his desire for a new challenge this summer - helping the Toffees to avoid relegation to the Championship last season. Spurs chairman Daniel Levy has reportedly held talks with Everton counterpart Bill Kenwright amid Chelsea’s interest, although their number one target is Raheem Sterling. The Toffees who are asking for more than £50m for Richarlison, will need to make funds from player sales before raiding the market, which may force them to lower their asking price for the Brazilian. Antonio Conte is also interested in Leeds’ Raphinha in order to push for trophies next season and is keen for signings to be done on time ahead of their pre-season tour in South Korea.