High pressures from North Africa have moved northward to southern Europe with Spain seeing temperatures of 40C over the past few days. These pressures are now expected to move further to the North, bringing the UK an “unusual warm spell” in the coming week, according to meteorologists. The latest forecast from Netweather warns Britons over a potential heatwave, with “record-breaking temperatures” of around 35-36C in the south-east, mainly Sussex, Kent, Surrey, and London. Such high temperatures could match and surpass the last highest temperature recorded in the UK during this time of year, which was seen back in 1976. The Netweather forecast reads: “Operational forecast runs from the ECMWF and GFS are suggesting the potential for record-breaking temperatures of around 35-36C in the south-east. “For comparison, the UK record temperature for June is 35.6C, set in Southampton on 28 June 1976 during a famous hot spell.” However, some other prediction models do not see the high pressures approaching but not reaching the British Isles, with maximum temperatures “just nudging” the low 30s, according to Netweather. READ MORE: 90F blistering Spanish heatwave to roast Britain in DAYS - maps Met Office forecaster Simon Partridge, said that, although it is still early to tell precisely, the UK, particularly in the South, is most likely to have hot, dry weather next week. He told Express.co.uk: “We are most likely looking at high pressure for next week, which means the weather will be nice, settled and dry with some decent sunshine across the southern half of the UK. “Currently there is quite a lot of hot weather across Iberia - Spain and Portugal, and some of the prediction models pull that heat far enough north to reach the southern UK. “At the moment, we have low pressure to the north of the UK hence why it is quite windy out there today. “Over the next few days, high pressure will start to build in across southern parts of the UK, which will gradually import warmer air from further south. DON'T MISS: BBC Weather: 'Something warmer on the way' as mercury to hit 29CUK weather: Scots face washout while England set for scorcher32C 'North African desert' heat to blast Britain in five day SCORCHER