Earlier this year, in a message marking her 70-year reign, the Queen said it was her "sincere wish" that Camilla would have that title. The Duchess married her son Prince Charles in 2005 and the Duchess's recent outing, along with the title wish, is an indication that the Queen and her daughter-in-law share a "close" relationship. Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us, hosts Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross discussed their royal relationship. Ms Garibaldi said that Camilla is "one step closer" to being named Queen Consort after her Garter Day appearance. Ms Ross replied: "Yes, definitely. "I think it's another sign that the Queen is hugely supportive of Camilla's future role and really has become quite close to Camilla." Ms Ross added that "this is a role that really the sovereign gives out, you know, as a sort of, sort of, respect and gratitude for the service to the sovereign". READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Queen follow her cousin Prince Michael in considering retirement? She added: "In the grand scheme of things, it's the highest order in the United Kingdom. "It's really the biggest thing that the Queen could do for Camilla, aside from, you know, saying I want her to be Queen Consort." Speaking to Christina, Ms Ross concluded: "It really is a huge show of support from the Queen to the Duchess of Cornwall". Ms Garibaldi agreed: "Yes, definitely". READ MORE: 'Have to accept!' Royals may be forced to create new Andrew role as he demands 'comeback' In recent months, with the Queen's ongoing health struggles, Prince Charles has taken on more roles. With Charles' increasing royal agenda, Camilla has taken on a supportive role alongside her husband of 17 years. Despite the Duchess' growing popularity amongst royal fans, it has been reported that, according to royal commentator and biographer Andrew Morton, her relationship with the Queen was initially troubled. DON'T MISS Kate and Meghan 'right in step' with royal Jubilee memo [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry caught in Netflix 'mess' after master plan ruined [VIDEO]Meghan and Harry forced to back of procession to prevent photos [INSIGHT] At the time, Camilla was married to Andrew Parker Bowles - a major in the Blues and Royals regiment and the author claimed that the Queen was told members of the regiment were "unhappy" about Charles's relationship with Camilla. After receiving the blessing from the Queen, Camilla and Prince Charles married during a civil ceremony at Windsor Guildhall in April 2005. Speaking to PEOPLE, a royal source said that Camilla was “very pleased” with the honour and will now formally be recognised as a Royal Lady of the Order of the Garter.