Eammon Holmes was back on Tuesday to co-present Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel on GB News. However, the former This Morning host was left taken aback when their interview with MP Lucy Powell seemed to be cut short. Despite his co-host taking the reigns for the majority of the interview, Eamonn tried to get his questions in at the end, although, it seemed like they had run out of time and the Shadow Secretary had to leave. The hosts spoke with the MP about a range of topics including the latest allegations about Keir Starmer and the investigation into his expenses, and the privatisation of Channel 4. "We appreciate your time this morning, thank you very much indeed for joining us," Isabel said as she attempted to close the segment. "I just wanted to say a couple of things," Eamonn chipped in. "Sorry," his co-host replied before adding: "I was told we had to move on." READ MORE: Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser Eamonn continued: "There are things I wanted to talk to her about. "What basically Lucy Powell is saying to the Conservative MPs have the chance to vote with the Labour Party and show that they are brassed off... nice pun on the film...with the government's decision to sell off one of Britain's cultural crown jewels and kill off our homegrown film industry." "I wanted to say..." the host continued as he saw the MP removing her microphone as she prepared to leave. "Oh, you're going?" he asked as Isabel replied: "She's going for her next interview." "You're going?" Eamonn repeated before adding: "You've had enough of me." "She just went," he said in shock as Isabel argued: "I told you she has other interviews." "It couldn't have been more important than this one," Eamonn concluded, pretending to be disgruntled. Elsewhere in the interview, the MP spoke to the hosts about broadcaster Channel 4 being sold off. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Charity Dingle devastated as Noah killed off-screen [SPOILERS]Madeley takes savage swipe at Piers Morgan over Prince Harry's book [VIDEO]Emmerdale fans 'work out' baby Thomas DNA twist [REACTION] Eamonn said: "It's an opposition day debate in Parliament today, and you and your Party, you're going to be calling on Conservative MPs to stand up for British values and institutions and vote to stop the channel for sell-off. "Right. So why do you think people care about that?" "Probably most people don't care about that and that's the point," the Shadow Secretary admitted. "Why the government...when we've got all these big issues that the country is facing, the cost of living, the war in Ukraine, the problems with Europe. "Why is the government pursuing a policy of privatising Channel 4 when there's very little evidence there's very little support for it? "Channel 4 is this unique broadcaster within our world-leading ecosystem that we have here for great broadcasting and obviously of which GB news is part of that as well. "They are publicly opened but they don't cost the taxpayer a penny and that enables Channel 4 to do what a lot of other channels aren't able to do, which is take risks. "They invest in British film, which they do on a very large scale. We've got some fantastic British films that have come through Film4." Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays on GB News from 6am.