It was 20 years ago when Brian May epically opened the Golden Jubilee Party at the Palace by playing God Save The Queen on his electric guitar from the roof of Buckingham Palace. And for the Platinum concert’s Queen and Adam Lambert opening last weekend, he promised he’d been appearing somewhere different, but just as iconic. It wasn’t long into We Will Rock You before a raised platform brought the 74-year-old up, strumming away, right in front of the Queen Victoria memorial. At the time, some fans didn’t think this felt as big or impactful as his entrance in 2002, but now Brian has shared footage of a different angle that really shows how impressive the feat actually was. Posting a video of the moment that was filmed further on up the Mall, the Queen guitarist wrote: “I haven’t quite recovered my equilibrium from this ‘apparition’, opening the Platinum Jubilee just a couple of days ago. It was, for me, a step into the void similar to that moment atop the Palace roof 20 years earlier. But it’s interesting that many people have told me the BBC coverage of it didn’t quite capture what was going on.” On the new angle, he added: This alternative viewpoint - I’m not sure how he pulled it off - actually DOES show how risky and exhilarating it really was. From up there in the sky I had the ultimate view of the vast crowd thronging The Mall. And I can still feel the adrenaline pumping through my veins ! Thanks @londonviewpoints - great job ! We must talk some time !! And thanks @valthelondoner for spotting this clip. Cheers all - Bri.” Brian previously shared a post of his entrance at the Platinum Jubilee concert, writing: “A moment to treasure … big thanks to all who made this possible last night. Hope you all had a Jubilant evening ! Photo credit seems to be Jonathan Buckmaster and Getty Images. Nice shot ! Bri.” Queen and Adam Lambert’s performance saw them play We Will Rock You and Don’t Stop Me Now before finishing their opening with We Are The Champions. DON'T MISSFreddie Mercury unheard Queen song to release: ‘It’s very passionate’ [FREDDIE MERCURY]Queen tour: Brian May's slow-mo footage of powerful ‘new toy’ – WATCH [BRIAN MAY]Brian May makes touching Freddie Mercury nod at Queen concert – WATCH [BRIAN ON FREDDIE] The band had already performed a number of shows earlier that week, before beginning their 10-night residency at London’s O2 the following evening. They’ll be breaking up this string of shows with two nights in Birmingham at the weekend before six more back at North Greenwich. After that, Queen and Adam Lambert will embark on a tour of mainland Europe. To book tickets for their Rhapsody tour, click here.