Erik ten Hag has identified a new midfielder and striker as priorities in his first summer transfer window as Manchester United manager. But the Dutchman also plans to bolster a defence that contributed to United's worst defensive season in Premier League history. The Red Devils have been linked with exciting targets, both from Ten Hag's past and elsewhere, ahead of the transfer window opening on June 10. Express Sport identifies how United's new-look defence could look if he strikes gold with his defensive targets. Jurrien Timber has potentially been more strongly linked to an Old Trafford switch than any other player since Ten Hag's arrival. The 20-year-old thrived under Ten Hag at Ajax last season and is already a starter in Louis van Gaal's Netherlands side. He is a natural centre-back but is comfortable playing at right-back and could replace Aaron Wan-Bissaka for around £35million. With a ready knowledge of United's likely style of play next season, his versatility would be crucial in the early stages of the club's rebuild. JUST IN: Bayern Munich icon sheds light on Lewandowski and Gnabry situation Admittedly, this one is most likely a non-starter. But Matthijs de Ligt is another of Ten Hag's past students, and his recent comments on his Juventus future have sparked mass speculation over whether he could join the ex-Ajax boss in Manchester. Still only 22, De Ligt poses as a world-class defender who could be a stalwart of Ten Hag's team for the next decade. But his deal in Turin doesn't expire until 2024, and his release clause is thought to exceed £100m. Expect Raphael Varane or Harry Maguire to start the 2022-23 campaign in central defence. READ MORE: Harry Kane delivers verdict on Arsenal target as Arteta 'prepares bid' Pau Torres has huge admirers at United and was a prime target last summer before Varane became available. Ten Hag is understood to be eager to recruit a left-sided centre-back to bring balance to a defence in disarray, and the Spaniard is expected to leave Villarreal in the coming months. Still only 25, Torres has proven his class at the highest level and still has lots more to offer for years to come. He possesses one of the best passing abilities among centre-backs across Europe, making him invaluable to the way Ten Hag will be striving to play. Express Sport understands United are monitoring Tyrell Malacia after a hugely impressive season at Feyenoord. Viewers were in awe of the 22-year-old Dutchman's performance in the Europa Conference League final, and Ten Hag is known to be a big fan of what he offers. Alex Telles is potentially in the shop window, while United are willing to listen to offers for Brandon Williams, so Luke Shaw could be in need of quality competition next season. However, Malacia is reportedly in advanced talks to sign for Lyon, so any move would likely have to be made sooner rather than later. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.