There is currently no screening programme for prostate cancer in the UK, so be on the lookout for any warning signs that a tumour has grown large enough to press on the urethra – the tube that carries urine out from the bladder through the tip of the penis. The Prostate Cancer Foundation requests you "contact your doctor" if you experience any of the following signs. Book a doctor's appointment if you need to "urinate frequently, especially ay night, sometimes urgently". It is also worthwhile being checked over by a doctor if you have "difficulty starting or holding back urination". Also alert your doctor if you have "weak, dribbling, or interrupted flow of urine". Moreover, seek medical advice if urination is painful, or it leaves a "burning" sensation. Other potential signs of prostate cancer may include: READ MORE: Diabetes: The 30p fruit that causes a 'highly significant' reduction in blood sugar levels 1629763 Prostatitis or an enlarged prostate, which are not cancerous tumours, can also lead to such symptoms. However, by being checked out by a healthcare professional you can get to the root of the health condition – and treatment can begin, if necessary. What's prostatitis? The NHS explained prostatitis is inflammation of the prostate gland, which is located between the bladder and penis. "[The prostate gland] produces fluid that's mixed with sperm to create semen," the NHS noted. DON'T MISSCancer warning: Popular UK drink causes 'several' cancers [ADVICE]Diabetes: The golden drink that lowers blood sugar [TIPS]Dementia: The way you drive could be a sign [INSIGHT] Prostatitis typically occurs between the ages of 30 to 50; there are two main types: Chronic prostatitis is when the symptoms come and go over several months (this is fairly typical). Meanwhile, acute prostatitis is when the symptoms appear suddenly and they are severe. While rare, acute prostatitis can be life-threatening and requires immediate treatment. Acute prostatitis Pain may be severe in or around the penis, testicles, anus, lower abdomen or lower pain. Releasing a number two could also be painful, as could urination, which may or may not have blood in it. "See a GP straight away if you have these symptoms so that the cause can be investigated," the NHS advised. Acute prostatitis can be treated with painkillers and up to a four-week course of antibiotics. What causes acute prostatitis? The NHS explained: "Acute prostatitis is usually caused when bacteria in the urinary tract enters the prostate." An enlarged prostate Common in men over the age of 50, an enlarged prostate can cause symptoms similar to that of prostate cancer. The condition, however, is not cancerous, and lifestyle recommendations might be advised to ease symptoms, such as: Medication might be prescribed to reduce the size of the prostate and to relax the bladder.