Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have had a rather "frosty" relationship with senior members of the Royal Family since stepping down from their royal roles in March 2020. The gap between the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and other royals was further exacerbated by the Oprah Winfrey interview the pair gave one year into their new arrangement. Mirror Royal Editor Russel Myers suggested the tense relations persisted through the couple's return to the UK for the Platinum Jubilee, resulting in Harry and Meghan's reported exclusion from private family events. Speaking to Sunrise Australia, Mr Myers said: "Prince Harry might be a bit perturbed from what happened because he was completely ignored. "There were some pictures of them keeping a low profile at Trooping the Colours, the first event on the Thursday of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. "There were some long lenses of them mixing with the family, Meghan looking quite forlorn on her own. "When I was just sitting a few feet away from Harry and Meghan, when William and Kate came in, and Charles and Camilla, there was no eye contact whatsoever." JUST IN: Prince Charles warned 'be careful' - MPs close in on royal over political 'meddllng' He continued: "We also understand that was the only time they saw the family, there was no celebrations, there was no going round for tea and cake. "It seems things are very, very frosty still. If Harry was looking for some sort of piecemeal, he was a long way off that." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were spotted holding slightly back from interacting with senior royals. While in attendance of the Queen's thanksgiving service, the couple were seated apart from Prince Charles and Prince William and were placed instead in a separate aisle with other minor royals. READ MORE: Kate blows a kiss for cheeky Prince Louis after his Jubilee antics JUST IN: Prince Charles warned 'be careful' - MPs close in on royal over political 'meddllng' No picture has emerged showing the Sussexes with Prince Harry's father or brother, nor with the Queen. They are however believed to have met with Her Majesty during their stay to introduce their youngest child, Lilibet Diana, to her namesake. Prince Harry was instead spotted chatting with Princess Eugenie's husband, Jack Brooksbank, as they sat next to each other inside St Paul's Cathedral. Royal author Christopher Andersen claimed the Palace had "meticulously orchestrated" Meghan and Harry's return and effectively "marginalised" them. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry touted for Strictly appearance [LIVE] Princess Beatrice's sweet connection to Harry and Meghan laid bare [REVEAL] Prince Harry will be 'haunted' by Jubilee for 'rest of his life'[INSIGHT] Mr Andersen said: "The whole world was watching and waiting to see if fences would be mended, if the Sussexes got back together with the rest of the family. "From that standpoint, it was an unmitigated disaster. It's hard to see how the Royal Family could've been any more callous towards the Sussexes. "They were meticulously choreographed in every instant to be sidelined and marginalised." He added: "If Harry went to London's Jubilee celebrations hoping to mend fences, that didn't happen." "They literally turned their back on him at St Paul's Cathedral. "It was handled in a very cold and somewhat heartless way."