The man reportedly downloaded the information onto the memory stick before going on a night out with his work colleagues. After spending several hours drinking in a local restaurant, he passed out in the street, according to local media. When he woke up, he realised his bag was gone, and with it a memory stick containing the entire city's personal details. The stick contained the personal information of nearly half a million people from the city of Amagasaki, north-west of Osaka. Japanese media have said the man is in his 40s and works for a private company tasked with rolling out Covid relief funds to some residents. He is said to have transferred the entire city’s personal data onto a memory stick Tuesday night before going out.  Officials said the memory stick contained the names, birthdays and addresses for all of the city’s residents as well as sensitive data including bank account numbers, tax information and information on households receiving social security. Officials noted, however, that the device was encrypted and password protected and there was no indication that anyone had tried to access the device. The mayor of Amagasaki and other city officials did publicly apologise for the embarrassing incident - literally bowing before residents. One official told a press conference: "We deeply regret that we have profoundly harmed the public's trust in the administration of the city.”  READ MORE: EU doubts in Austria as OVER HALF don't think membership is good Officials also released a statement assuring residents that they would do all they could to ensure that their details were protected. It said: "We will thoroughly ensure security management when handling electronic data. "We will work to regain our residents' trust by heightening awareness of the importance of protecting personal information." Local police were said to be investigating the incident.  DON'T MISS:Plants: The watering mistake you might be making in the garden [INSIGHT]Ukraine told to have 'no illusions' over EU bid [ANALYSIS]Royal Family: Vicious Harry and Meghan divorce report crushed [REPORT] The news comes following an incident in April which saw a man in Abu, Japan sent ¥46.3million (£280,000) in Covid relief funds meant to go to hundreds of struggling families. The town filed a lawsuit to reclaim the money, but the man claimed he had gambled it all at online casinos using his mobile phone. Authorities said they have since received the money after reaching out to the online vendors. 