Manchester United have reportedly put forward a higher proposal than Liverpool have for Benfica ace Darwin Nunez as they attempt to hijack the Merseysiders’ transfer plans. Nunez is hot property after enjoying a stellar season in Portugal and looks set to be heading to the Premier League this summer. United endured a miserable season last time out under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and his interim successor Ralf Rangnick as they finished a lowly sixth in the Premier League table. The Red Devils, who were only good enough to qualify for next season’s Europa League, also suffered the disappointment of being knocked out of the Champions League, FA Cup and Carabao Cup in the early rounds. And club chiefs are well aware that things at Old Trafford need to change if United are to become the force they once were. The Red Devils appointed Erik ten Hag as their new manager earlier this year - and the Dutchman has his work cut out to restore the team to their former glory. Ten Hag is desperate to bring new players to the northwest and turn his side’s fortunes around. And he has been tipped to go after the likes of Barcelona ace Frenkie de Jong and Ajax duo Jurrien Timber and Anthony. READ MORE: Man Utd respond to Liverpool's Darwin Nunez deal as Erik ten Hag makes 'priority' clear  But, according to Portuguese publication Record, United have made an offer for Nunez with a fixed amount higher than the £68million Liverpool have put forward for the goalscoring machine. And there is an effort from the Red Devils to push their Premier League rivals out of the way. Nunez found the back of the net an incredible 34 times in all competitions last season as he lit up the Portuguese League and the Champions League. The 22-year-old came up against Liverpool twice when Benfica faced them in the European quarter-finals - and he got his name on the scoresheet on both occasions. DON'T MISSLeeds drop major Kalvin Phillips transfer hint amid Man City interestLeeds summer spending to reach £43.5m as Orta 'accelerates' third signingMan Utd boss Ten Hag 'interested' in surprise left-field Brighton transfer    That led Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp to extol the player as he spoke about Nunez during a press conference: “He's a very good boy,” the German said earlier this year. “I knew him before, of course, but he played well against us. He is strong physically, fast, calm at the finish. That's great. If he avoids injuries, he will have a great career.” Nunez reportedly now has his heart set on a move to Anfield, where he will have the opportunity to play Champions League football once again. So United’s efforts to take him to Old Trafford could ultimately prove futile.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here