The UK's public service broadcaster is now selling £80 dog training classes in a move to claw back cash as it struggles to keep up with competitors. Celebrities such as Mark Ronson and Jed Mercurio have joined other online tutors to sell courses for £80 each on the BBC Maestros subscription platform. Classes involve the dog who helped Fiona Bruce and Graham Norton master their own canines.   This has raised valuable revenue for the corporation as it faces a licence fee freeze. Dog Training with Steve Mann, a 30-lesson course covering puppy training, loose-lead walking and “separation anxiety”, has become one of the most popular options on BBC Maestro. The new online learning platform is helping the broadcaster’s commercial wing to build a significant subscription business. Viewers can also sign up for classes in music record production with Mark Ronson. JUST IN: 'Get your facts right!' Charlie Mullins slaps down Owen Jones  Mark Ronson said his 18-lesson course would demonstrate the techniques he used to produce Amy Winehouse’s classic Back to Black. He said: “I’m doing this so that any young kids curious about producing, or people who are starting out, or just music fans who are wondering if they want to get into it, can see how to produce music." Another course involves Line of Duty creator Jed Mercurio who teaches “how to write a TV drama”. Mr Mercurio's class runs at seven hours in length.  DON'T MISS: GB News claims lefty ‘xenophobia’ responsible for Rwanda success [REACTION]Putin desperately 'worried' about coup plot amid mysterious deaths [ANALYSIS]Harry and Meghan 'loving speculation' around Jubilee attendance [VIDEO]   However, it is an unlikely solution to the licence fee “black hole” that the public service broadcaster is facing. The embattled corporation is also promoting a vegetarian cooking class presented by Marco Pierre White. There are also acting classes from Helena Bonham Carter. And, there is “ingenious” cooking at home class with Heston Blumenthal. Another piece of content that viewers can utilise is a class on “finding your inner strength” with campaigner Doreen Lawrence, the mother of Stephen Lawrence. Thousands of people have signed up for the digital-age Open University, licensed by BBC Studios. BBC Studios is the broadcaster’s commercial subsidiary charged with delivering £1.2bn in financial returns to the BBC over five years. 