Emily Bridges, the cyclist at the centre of English sport's transgender row, has revealed that she was subjected to threats of physical violence after Boris Johnson publicly expressed his views on the issue back in April. Bridges has been unwittingly thrust into the public eye in recent months but has since opened up on her experiences in the wake of Johnson's comments, which hit the headlines earlier this year. "I don't think biological males should be competing in female sporting events," said Johnson in an intervention which Bridges has blamed for the barrage of sickening abuse that has been aimed in her direction over the last few months. The 21-year-old admitted in a lengthy interview with ITV that she has been left afraid to venture out in public after being threatened with extreme violence in the event she ever lines up in a women's race."It's really strange to see probably the most famous man in Britain talking about you and having an opinion on something that he doesn't know anything about," said Bridges."The response after that was, as expected, I had threats of physical violence made against me by complete strangers online."People are entitled to hold an opinion about it, but there's a way to go about voicing that opinion and threatening to kneecap me is not that way. JUST IN: England fans arrested in Germany including two 'for Nazi salutes' "I'm scared a lot of the time about being who I am in public. Is someone going to recognise me? They were real concerns and it was a real fear that I had after the comments were made, and it was scary, I was scared."British Cycling decided to ban transgender athletes from competing in its events by suspending its policy in the wake of Johnson's comments, a decision which is yet to be overturned. Bridges went on to explain that she has since been left in the dark by the organisation but revealed that a number of athletes have reached out to her with messages of support and well-wishes."I think there's a lot of public pressure to pull the policy and I think that's why it was pulled," added Bridges. "I’ve heard nothing from them. "They said that they'd be in touch about the procedure, about how they were going to make the new policy. But I haven't heard anything."So, either they're not doing anything or they're not doing what they said in their email to me and including me in making a policy."I've had a few athletes reach out to me and kind of offer support and talk to me. One before everything kicked off, who asked me to do an event with her, and then another athlete who texted me just to say how unfairly I've been treated by British Cycling." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE