Hungary's government has defended the country's young home crowd for booing England players taking the knee before Saturday's Nations League meeting at the Puskas Arena. Those criticising the adverse reaction to England's traditional gesture against racism have also been branded 'idiots'. The Three Lions started their latest Nations League campaign in defeat in Budapest as Dominik Szoboszlai's second-half penalty secured a memorable 1-0 triumph for the hosts. UEFA had ordered the match to be played behind closed doors as part of a three-game supporter ban on the back of racist and homophobic incidents at last summer's European Championship. However, the Hungarian FA worked around the punishment, handing around 30,000 fans aged 14 or under free tickets with one adult allowed to attend per 10 children. There was expected to be a less controversial atmosphere to the shocking scenes in last September's World Cup qualifier - where England's black players were racially abused - as a result. However, boos and jeers rang around the Puskas Arena as England players and staff took the knee for their usual anti-racism gesture. Given the youthful nature of supporters present, the reaction surprised viewers at home and those at the game. JUST IN: Liverpool hold Raphinha advantage over Barca for two key reasons  But Hungary's Secretary of State for International Communication and Relations, Zoltan Kovacs, has fired back at criticism. Kovacs took to Twitter to defend the young fans and called those upset about the incident 'idiots'. He tweeted: "Anyone who thinks that children attending a football match in Budapest can be blamed for any kind of political statement is truly an idiot. Congratulations to our national team, applause for the 35,000 kids." READ MORE: Leeds' Raphinha speaks out on future amid Barcelona transfer links  Kovacs' fierce comments mirror Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban last year, who claimed the pressure for athletes to take the knee to show solidarity against racism was 'provocation'. "If you're a guest in a country, then understand its culture and do not provoke it," he explained. "Do not provoke the host... We can only see this gesture system from our cultural vantage point as unintelligible, as provocation. The fans reacted the way those who are provoked usually react to provocation. They do not always choose the most elegant form [of reaction], but we have to understand their reasons. I agree with the fans." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.