The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge arrived in Cardiff with Prince George and Princess Charlotte in tow for their first official visit to Wales. The unexpected arrival of the young Cambridge children was praised on social media by royal fans following the Platinum Jubilee.   One royal watcher, @loveforcambridg, posted: "Aww what a lovely surprise." Another, @Hannahcjg, responded: "How lovely, everyone will be so pleased to see them." The Duke and Duchess arrived for concert rehearsals for the performance on Saturday evening staged at the castle, featuring Bonnie Tyler and John Owen-Jones, among a host of others. They will meet with the cast and crew ahead of the live event, even lending a hand with a number of the final preparations.   A full orchestra will feature in the performance, alongside a number of choirs and bands. The concert will be hosted by Aled Jones and Shan Cothi, finishing at around 7pm. It will be followed by a screening of the Platinum Party at the Palace, taking place back in London shortly after the Cardiff Castle concert. The concert's producer, Richard Perry, said that excitement about the event had "been building for the last three months". READ MORE: Queen last-minute diary change scuppers Harry and Meghan Netflix plan He added that the news of Kate and William's visit to rehearsals had only "heightened" the sense of anticipation. The event will feature a host of performers, including budding young talented artists at the very start of their careers. Gearing up to perform is Millie Rose Davies, 21, who said she was "so excited and nervous" to meet the Duke and Duchess ahead of the event. She told the BBC: "It's always been on my bucket list to meet the Royal Family. DON'T MISS: Jubilee LIVE: Harry and Meghan face 'big test' with royals TONIGHT [LIVE] Fury at Harry and Meghan for keeping their children away [REACTION] Royal POLL: Should Archie and Lilibet be given royal titles? [VOTE]  "The Queen's Platinum Jubilee is a once-in-a-lifetime event and it's spectacular that I have been given the opportunity to perform in a celebration like this.  