Manchester United chief John Murtough retains the full support of the club’s hierarchy despite their failure to add any new faces to the squad so far. The 51-year-old was appointed football director in March 2021. And he’s taken on increased responsibilities at Old Trafford following the departure of Ed Woodward in January. Manchester United are keen to do things differently than before, with Woodward’s departure and the appointment of Richard Arnold signalling the start of a new chapter at the club. And the Manchester Evening News say Murtough retains the full support of the club’s hierarchy at the current moment in time. The 51-year-old was key in the decision to hire Ralf Rangnick as interim boss back in December, shortly after the sacking of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. And he was also instrumental as the Red Devils raided Ajax for Erik ten Hag, who has been chosen as the club’s new manager ahead of Mauricio Pochettino and Luis Enrique. United are yet to sign anybody so far this summer. They’re eager to land De Jong, with the Barcelona star Ten Hag’s top target with the duo previously working together at Ajax. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez And they’re also on the hunt for Eriksen, too, with the Denmark international available for free following the expiry of his short-term Brentford contract. United have been linked with former Liverpool chief Michael Edwards in recent days following his departure from Anfield. But the publication says frustration is growing at Old Trafford, with the club every much confident in Murtough and backing him to succeed in his current role. Edwards is instead described as likelier to join Chelsea, who are primed to lose Marina Granovskaia. Granovskaia was a key ally to Roman Abramovich during his stint as Blues owner but, like her fellow Russian, is now set to leave Stamford Bridge behind. Murtough is ‘running the show’ at United as they look to give Ten Hag a flying start to his time as manager. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen But the club are still working to sort the ‘inner workings’ of the department, with Darren Fletcher’s role set to become clearer. Fletcher joined at the same time as Murtough and has performed work on the training ground, as well as in the offices at the club’s Carrington training complex. United are said to be ’unlikely’ to try and bring in Paul Mitchell or Dan Ashworth, too, despite their fine work at the likes of Tottenham and Brighton over the years. Meanwhile, speaking to fans at a local pub over the weekend, Arnold let rip at the way United have handled their transfer business in recent years. “We spent a billion pounds on players. We have spent more than anyone in Europe,” he said. “I’m not thrilled where we are. It doesn’t sit easy with me and I worry how we get this sorted for the future. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “What’s happened is we have [expletive] burned through cash. You can’t go to our training ground and say ‘show me where the £1billion is' because we haven’t spent money well historically. “I’m not here to defend (chairman) Joel (Glazer). He must speak for himself. “But you have taken the time to come here and make your views known - and I respect that. “We’ve blown through an enormous amount of money. For this summer, the money the manager and the director of football (John Murtough) wants is there. “For the future, for investing in a new stadium and a latest-and-greatest training ground we’ve got to do something. We’ve got to get investors in. I need that to do what I want for the club. I’ve got to have more cash now because no club in the world has the money to build a new stadium. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “You either borrow it or invest it. The money has got to come from somewhere. You might not like our current owners - I can’t help that. “But if you want someone else to come in they will see that the fans love the team and that is positive. But last year was a [expletive] nightmare. There was hate at every game.” And, on De Jong, he added: "Money is not a consideration on who we want. “The manager wants him (Frenkie De Jong) and they have actually done the work. He's a great player. "Is it 100 or 200? I don't know. Get who you [expletive] want. Do you want me buying the players? Does that not ring a bell?"