Harry Kane has warned Erling Haaland and Darwin Nunez that they will face a strong battle with the Tottenham striker and other Premier League forwards for the golden boot. Haaland was officially unveiled as a Manchester City player on Monday, while Nunez is widely expected to join Liverpool in the coming days. Kane scored 17 times in the top-flight last term despite a lengthy barren run at the beginning of the campaign. He ended up finishing six goals behind Mohamed Salah and Spurs team-mate Son Heung-min in the race for the golden boot. The England captain has warned Haaland and Nunez that their arrivals in England will spur him on to record even better numbers. The new City forward netted 22 Bundesliga goals for Borussia Dortmund last season, while Liverpool target Nunez managed 26 for Benfica in the Portuguese top-flight. “The battle for the Golden Boot is always tough, the Premier League has produced some top strikers around the world for a number of years now. Every season I’ve been playing it’s always been a tough battle,” Kane, who has 183 Premier League goals in total, said at an England press conference on Monday. JUST IN: Spurs star Son's father hints transfer is needed to become world class “You expect the top strikers to want to play in the Premier League and with those two new signings it’s going to be the case. It helps me as a player to have good competition, it drives me to improve and get better so, for sure, I’m looking forward to the challenge.” England boss Gareth Southgate said last week that the Three Lions were too reliant on Kane’s goal-scoring ability. Southgate’s side have scored just once in three matches during the current international break, with Kane’s penalty in the 1-1 draw with Germany elevating him to 50 international goals. Only Raheem Sterling of the current squad has hit double figures for goals for their country. The Man City ace has netted 19 times for England but has scored just once since Euro 2020. DON'T MISS...Haaland sends Man City fans wild with post announcing Etihad moveLiverpool icon cheekily thanks Cavani over Darwin Nunez moveDarwin Nunez branded ‘a worry’ as Liverpool agree fee for Benfica star Kane, though, feels no pressure when he pulls on the England shirt and feels a sense of responsibility to score goals. He is now just three strikes away from equalling Wayne Rooney’s all-time record of 53. “As a striker, of course you have that expectation on yourself and I think the team have a bit of expectation on you as well to produce. I enjoy it, I enjoy scoring goals for sure and winning games,” Kane added. There’s no pressure from the other players in terms of making me feel nervous about scoring goals or anything like that. We all know our responsibilities and our jobs. I try and take that responsibility as one of the experienced players and I just enjoy scoring goals.”