Lewis Hamilton could be replaced by Stoffel Vandoorne or Nyck de Vries for the Canadian Grand Prix. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff has suggested Hamilton may miss the next race after suffering severe back pain in the Azerbaijan Grand Prix. As a solution, he warns the team will have ‘someone on reserve’ to ensure their cars run in Montreal if Hamilton is forced to pull out. Wolff said: “I don't think this is only Lewis' issue. "He's the one that is probably the worst affected, but generally it also affects George and many others. So the solution could be to have someone on reserve, which we anyway have at every race, to make sure that our cars run." Vandoorne has previous F1 experience having driven for McLaren for two seasons between 2017 and 2018. However, De Vries only made his F1 debut at this year’s Spanish Grand Prix after securing a run in FP1 for Williams. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton provides worrying update casting doubt on Canada GP Despite this, it appears De Vries is the preferred choice after securing the Formula E title for Mercedes last year. Last week, former World Touring Car star Tom Coronel revealed the youngster is set for a Mercedes drive if Hamilton retires from the sport. He suggested the Dutchman was Wolff’s ‘insurance policy’ suggesting he would be the preferential choice if a seat became available in Montreal. Coronel said: “If Lewis Hamilton stops, Nyck de Vries will get the seat. Do you know why? As I’ve been saying for a year, Nyck is Toto Wolff’s insurance policy.” Talks of a replacement come after Hamilton complained of a sore back all weekend in Baku. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton backed to be 'different beast' by George Russell [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton admits he was 'praying' for Azerbaijan GP to end  [INSIGHT]Mercedes apologise to Lewis Hamilton after Brit spotted in agony [PICS] After the race, Hamilton revealed he was praying for the race to be over and was ‘biting down’ on his teeth due to the pain. When asked if there was a chance Hamilton may be unable to race, Wolff simply responded: "Yeah, definitely." He added: "I haven't seen him, and I haven't spoken to him afterwards. But you can see this is not muscular anymore, this goes properly into the spine and can have some consequences." However, Hamilton appeared to cool the rumours on social media yesterday evening. The seven-time champion posted: “Even when it’s painful, still we rise. Thanks for the love, see you all next week.”