Prince Charles, 73, attended Ascot today with Camilla Parker Bowles, and other royals such as Sophie Wessex and Zara Tindall. Princess Beatrice, 33, was also there today to mark the special occasion. Charles could be seen greeting his niece, Zara Tindall, with a peck on the lips.  The Prince of Wales was also “roaring with laughter”, according to a body language expert, with his sister-in-law, Sophie, Countess of Wessex. Judi James, a body language expert, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to analyse the pictures from today's racecourse. She said: “There was a shock revelation that Charles might actually be quite a hands-on grandpa when we saw little Louis climb onto his lap during the Jubilee pageant and sit happily as Charles bounced him about. “Following this, we are now treated to the sight of a very jovial and tactile Charles at Ascot.  “He was positively beaming in delight as he chats to Sophie and possibly puckering for what looks like a kiss on the lips from his niece Zara,” the expert claimed. Is this PDA behaviour from Prince Charles normal? Judi suggested: “Charles’s facial features are so often scrunched and steepled into an expression. “This suggests the duty of Prince-ship weighs heavily on his shoulders.  “Even with his wife Camilla, their PDAs tend to be restricted to the odd pat or passing smile,” the expert opined. How does this differ with other members of the Royal Family? Judi explained: “Here though Charles looks in the best spirits of recent years and the mood seems contagious. “Sophie is clearly sharing a fun moment with her husband’s brother.  “Zara is obviously incredibly fond of her uncle and keen to show that affection in public.” Does Charles’ body language with Sophie suggest “strong bonds of friendship”? Judi explained: “Sophie and Charles are roaring with laughter here. “Their body language is so mirrored it implies strong bonds of friendship. “Zara always uses some very tactile body language rituals during her greetings with her uncle at events like this. “For instance, looping her arm around his neck and leaning in as she kisses him. “But Charles’s response here is extra sweet and affectionate in what looks like a spontaneous way. “This is the first time I have seen Charles perform a greeting kiss in public without wincing as he does so.” 