Liverpool legend Phil Thompson wants the Reds to sign at least one more player - namely a central midfielder for Jurgen Klopp. It's been a promising start to the summer transfer window for the Champions League finalists, who have already wrapped up deals for Darwin Nunez, Calvin Ramsay and Fulham star Fabio Carvalho. Liverpool are yet to confirm the capture of the Portuguese attacking midfielder but his arrival is expected to conclude their summer business. That is of frustration to supporters amid the lingering belief that another midfielder is required in order to dethrone Manchester City next season. Thompson is in agreement and he feels a fourth deal would represent an excellent summer. He told Paddy Power: "I would like to think we’ll be having a look at a midfield player as well, but last season at centre forward we ended up playing Sadio Mane there, so we needed to find someone to play there permanently. READ MORE: Man Utd hatch Frenkie de Jong announcement plan as transfer deal enters 'final stages' Chelsea face make-or-break Raphinha transfer meeting after receiving 'no response' on deal /sport/football/1633362/Chelsea-transfer-news-Raphinha-meeting-Fabrizio-Romano-Deco-Barcelona "Now If you’d have said 18 months ago that Sadio Mane would be leaving Liverpool, we’d have been frightened. We had players like Divock Origi and Takumi Minamino, who didn’t fill us full of hope, to come in and play those positions. But then we signed Jota, and then we signed Luis Diaz and now Nunez, and so things have moved on and we feel a lot more comfortable with what we have." Liverpool are still yet to replace Gini Wijnaldum following his turbulent move to Paris Saint-Germain. The Dutchman has failed to impress at the Parc des Princes amid links with a shock return to the Premier League. Liverpool are unlikely to explore bringing him back to Merseyside. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain was expected to leave Anfield this summer but the sale of Minamino could have implications for his future. DON'T MISS MORE TRANSFER GOSSIPCristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signingsLeeds 'waiting for new Arsenal bid' before finalising Chelsea transfer deal for RaphinhaTottenham 'offer Everton blockbuster £100m transfer package' after Daniel Levy dinner date The Reds were interested in pursuing a deal for Monaco's Aurelien Tchouameni before Real Madrid pounced to snatch the Frenchman. Jude Bellingham remains a long-term target for the Reds but any deal may have to wait until the summer of 2023. Thompson is thrilled by the capture of Nunez though and he believes the Uruguayan could be the perfect fit given the service provided by full-backs Trent Alexander-Arnold and Andy Robertson. "We’re hoping Darwin Nunez fits that bill as a centre forward. He should relish the balls into the box from Andy Robertson and Trent Alexander-Arnold," he added. "I am excited and we’ve had first-hand experience watching him at Liverpool as we played him last season in the Champions League when he was at Benfica. And he looked like a serious player. He terrorised our defence. He made fantastic runs in behind. He scored in both legs and could have got himself a hattrick at Anfield he was that good. "But as I stressed with [Erling] Haaland, you don’t know until you’ve got them at your football club. It’s a change of environment, it’s a change of culture, and we’ll have to see how he fits into what Jurgen Klopp requires. "But I’m excited as every other Liverpool fan is. And you know they won’t have just had a look at those two games against Benfica. He’d have been on the radar before that – our scouting system has been second to none in the last couple of years, and I have no doubts they will have looked long and hard because they decided he can fit in."