Alexander made his first appearance as Jamie in Emmerdale in 2019, the estranged son of Kim Tate (played by Claire King) and the father of Gabby Thomas' (Rosie Bentham) son, Thomas Tate (Bertie Brotherton). The actor managed to make the character one of the most sinister to ever grace the village as, by the time Jamie left the ITV soap, he could no longer hide his true colours. For now, it seems unlikely the soap star is going to make a return but given his age, there is still plenty of time for him to come back. Coming into the show, Alexander was playing a 23-year-old version of Kim's son, who was married to Andrea Tate (Anna Nightingale) and had a daughter, Millie Tate (Willow Bell). Despite being young, he had a strong head on his shoulders, and by the time he left, he was 26 years old and seemed to be just like his ruthless mother. He seemed to learn from the best as he faked his death and managed to make sure Millie never got to see her grandmother again. In real life, Alexander is actually two years older than his villainous alter-ego, having been born on 21 January 1994. This means earlier this year, the soap star celebrated his 28th birthday but it is not known how he marked the occasion. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes in candid admission over family concerns This means the actor was 25 years old when he first appeared on the show, an age at which many of his co-stars joined the cast. Although his breakout role didn't come until 2019, his career started in 2014 when he featured in his first short film. At this point, he would have been 20 years old and just finding his feet in the industry. Now at the age of 28, he is taking a break from the role of Jamie indefinitely as he has pursued other projects in recent months. Despite being close to his 30s, the soap star has spoken about his childhood and what it was like for him growing up.  Having starred in a film earlier this year called In From The Side, which explores sexuality within a masculine environment such as rugby, Alexander explained he played the sport when he was younger. Asked what he enjoyed the most about playing rugby growing up, the actor said: "Looking back, it was the camaraderie. "My friends were from different cliques at school or they didn’t go to my school at all. It was about working together as a team to overcome obstacles and I really loved that." He also spoke to Time Out magazine about his school days and what he saw people go through who were struggling with their sexuality. Alexander added: "I remember in school the word 'gay' being used as a derogatory term." DON'T MISS...Danny Miller unveils new role after quitting Emmerdale for ‘new path’ [COMMENT]Charley Webb fears getting into trouble as she teases new role [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker wows fans in eye-popping display [PICTURES] "I'd like to think that people now appreciate the history of the word," the soap star continued to explain. "But there’s definitely still an aspect of sexuality being used as a slur. Growing up, I was the more effeminate one [in my friendship group]. "I didn’t get bullied per se for that, but I was aware of it. As an actor, it’s allowed me to play with tropes that I may not have otherwise played with." As the actor continues to get older, it is most likely viewers will see an older version of Jamie if he does return in the future. Whether it be in a few years or a few months, the actor will look a lot different to how he did when he left the show in November 2021. Due to current storylines on the show, there have been a lot of rumours circulating that Alexander and his character could be making a comeback. The last time Jamie was seen on the programme, he had just faked his own death as an act of revenge against his mother. He went to live with Andrea's mother, Hazel Francis (Kate Anthony), who managed to manipulate Kim into handing over Millie when the youngster's mother died. It was confirmed at the time this would be the last time viewers would see Alexander as there were no plans to bring him back. However, recently, Gabby has become concerned about someone following her at Home Farm and she was convinced it was Jamie. Will Taylor (Dean Andrews) hired a private investigator to figure out if Jamie was still alive and it seemed someone matching his description was found. Doing a DNA test after getting a swab from baby Thomas, Will found out it wasn't Jamie but then a huge twist turned the tables once more. The private investigator was seen talking to Jamie over the phone, telling him the Tate family were not going to find him anytime soon. Once again it's been left on a cliffhanger as to whether Alexander will come back but the door has been left wide open. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.