The Queen is believed to be set to host a joint stylish birthday bash for Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge this summer. Speculation has begun as to whether the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will make a return trip to the UK for the belated birthday celebrations. Speaking in one of the latest videos on his YouTube channel, royal expert Neil Sean discussed the "issue" the Sussexes could for William if they were to make a return. Mr Sean stated that "no formal invitations have reached Montecito", which is where, in sunny California, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex live. The party seems to be in its initial planning stage and "they are basically looking at table plans", "how many people they want to invite" and "the relevant people that they want to invite". The royal expert said: "Of course, all the big hitters are going to be there. "Close family and friends, ranging from, of course, the wonderful Princess Royal, right through to, you know, people that have meant a lot, if you like, to Prince William throughout his early life". READ MORE: Kate and William stun in first official joint portrait of future King and Queen Consort He makes reference to William's "very close bond" with his cousin Zara's husband Mike Tindall. Mr Sean states that he may have "replaced whatever Prince Harry was offering in that initial stage". He called it "a shame" as they "should be looking out for each other". In reference to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's invite, he said: "If they don't invite Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, which will bring, you know, let's be honest a bit of frost to any ballroom right now, particularly that one, well he has an issue". He also mentions how "according to a very good source", Kate is "very keen" for Harry to be invited. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: California mums' fury as baby Lilibet's doctor suddenly closes practice Speaking previously to 60 Minutes Australia, royal author Tina Brown discussed the brothers' strained relationship, claiming that, at the time, there was "little communication" between them. She said: "Unfortunately, the wounds of the Oprah [Winfrey] interview were deep, and then, of course, Harry's kept it up since. The royal author also noted that the announcement of Harry's upcoming 'tell-all" memoir "really rattled the family tremendously" and that the anticipation is "sort of, hanging over them now." DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's titles spark 'removal discussion' amid royals [INSIGHT]Kate and William 'don't want to be seen cosying up to Harry' - claim [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle 'hoped to reconcile with Kate' for children to bond [VIDEO] Meghan and Harry got married in May 2018. Less than two years after their big day, the couple announced that they were to step down as senior working royals. The couple have settled into life stateside and live in California with their two young children, one of which, Lilibet, was born in the US. READ NEXT: