Thousands of excited holidaymakers will be jetting off this summer to somewhere warm and sunny - hopefully. Many will be taking a flight and with the current uncertainty of whether or not the plane will be taking off, there are a few ways to guarantee an upgrade when you finally step aboard. Travel Experts at Forbes Advisor have put together their advice on how to increase your chances of being upgraded on a flight. There are six ways to try and end up in Business or even First Class. When heading to the airport, most people simply try to arrive with enough time to check in bags, clear security and relax before taking off. However, many people don’t realise the time you check in can influence your chances of an upgrade. If you want to improve your chances of a free first class seat, try checking in either very early – or last minute. If you arrive several hours early for your flight, you’re most likely to beat off any competition for first class or business tickets – and avoid missing out to someone who got there before you. Chances are if the economy cabin has been overbooked, airlines will want to rectify this sooner rather than later to avoid causing delays. READ MORE: TUI passengers thrown from seats after hearing 'loud bangs' on flight Ensuring you’re a helpful and flexible customer can often lead to rewards. It’s not uncommon for some airlines to overbook flights leading to them needing to ‘bump’ passengers to another flight. If the airline is looking for volunteers to take a later flight, take the opportunity as it could lead to a free upgrade for your troubles. If a first class ticket isn’t offered and you have been bumped (voluntarily or not), it’s always worth asking if they can upgrade your ticket due to the inconvenience. Another common occurrence on flights is being asked to move to a new seat by the cabin crew. While this can be inconvenient, if you’re flexible it could be to your advantage. Say yes to being moved and you could land yourself with a first class seat – if not, again it’s always worth asking for an upgrade for your troubles. DON'T MISS...Keep potatoes edible for months with clever storage hack [GUIDE]Homes Under the Hammer buyer makes £60k after simple layout change [VIDEO]'Finds them hilarious!’ Queen enjoys collecting common kitchen item [INSIDER] Due to the premium price of first class seats, you have much better chances of getting an upgrade if you’re flying alone. It’s unlikely airlines will want to lose out on money to upgrade a large group, so are more likely to offer a free first class ticket to individuals. Alongside this, seating in first class is often limited, meaning there is less chance of a group of seats becoming available. There are certain conditions where first class seats are less likely to be fully booked up. For example, if economy class is overbooked you’re much more likely to be offered a free upgrade. Consider occasions when this might be the case – for example, flying during peak times for families such as school holidays – most families won’t shell out to sit in first class and routes will be busy, increasing the likelihood of an overbooked economy cabin. Alongside this, there is a higher likelihood you may be asked to move seats to accommodate a family with young children – again providing opportunity to be given or ask for an upgrade. READ MORE: Rail tickets rise by ‘inflation-busting’ 8.8% - save on travel 1632874 While dressing in your finest clothes is no guarantee of an upgrade, a smart outfit will certainly enhance your chances of being chosen. Top paying customers will often be dressed sharper, and airlines will want to ensure anyone they bump to first class looks the part. Don’t feel the need to dress in anything extravagant. However, just make sure you avoid items that are too casual like flip flops and cargo shorts. Last but not least, one of the best tactics is simply to ask airlines if there is a chance for an upgrade. As long as you are polite, there is no reason why this can’t land you a free first class ticket. This is especially worth trying if you’ve been inconvenienced in any way by the airline; have been delayed, lost your baggage or missed a connection. Politely mention that an upgrade would be appreciated, if possible, and stress your loyalty to the airline. Alternatively, if your flight is for a special occasion, why not try your luck by mentioning it? Many airline staff will help to upgrade you if they can to make occasions such as honeymoons, anniversaries and birthdays more special. A spokesperson at Forbes Advisor shared their advice on avoiding flight upgrade scams: “Many people would love the chance to experience a first class flight, many of us have often dreamed of champagne on tap, ultimate leg room and complimentary toiletries. “But with demand, often comes opportunities for scammers, and first class flight tickets are no exception. “When looking to book a first class flight, make sure to only book direct with your airline or through a reputable website. “One common way to spot a scam is: if a deal seems too good to be true, it probably is. “Alongside this, another common ticket scam is buying frequent flyer points or miles from someone else. “While it may seem tempting to buy airline points, this is strictly against the rules of many carriers.”