Matthijs de Ligt would only consider a move to four teams this summer and Manchester United are not one of them, reports claim. United have been linked with a move for the Juventus defender but they are not part of the quartet who would stand a chance of landing his signature, though Liverpool are. De Ligt's contract at Juve expires in 2024 and the Serie A giants are hoping to extend the deal and protect his value. The Dutchman is said to be on an annual salary of around £10.2million (€12m). However, Italian outlet CalcioMercato claims Juve are wanting to reduce his wages. They want to use Dusan Vlahovic's £6.5m (€7.5m) wage as a benchmark for their top earner at the club. The proposal to De Ligt is £6.5m a year plus bonuses but he will not renew at those figures. The same report says United would not be willing to match De Ligt's £10.2m demands and therefore is not an attractive proposition for the centre-back. READ MORE: What Mikel Arteta's said on Arsenal selling best players as Man City hunt Bukayo Saka  Juve are yet to receive any official offer for the 22-year-old former Ajax star. But there are only four teams he would move to if the financial offer was right. Liverpool are named alongside reigning Premier League champions Manchester City. Paris Saint-Germain are also mentioned alongside Real Madrid, though the latter's free transfer signing of Antonio Rudiger makes that option unlikely. Liverpool's need for a new centre-back is nowhere near high. Virgil van Dijk remained fit for the majority of last season, while Joel Matip and Ibrahima Konate had fine campaigns in rotation. De Ligt would happily leave Juve if either of the four teams showed a willingness to pay his £10.2m wage demands. United's failure to qualify for the Champions League may well be another reason for them not being in the forefront of De Ligt's mind. DON'T MISSMan Utd can repeat Bruno Fernandes trick with star Pep Guardiola branded 'best in world' [TRANSFERS]Ousmane Dembele's old Chelsea tweet sends fans into a frenzy amid transfer saga [SOCIAL]Bayern Munich may have shot themselves in foot with rejected Liverpool Sadio Mane bid [OPINION]  The Red Devils finished sixth in the English top flight last season. De Ligt's former Ajax boss Erik ten Hag has taken over at Old Trafford and has a big summer rebuilding job on his hands. Signing at least one defender will be a priority for Ten Hag. De Ligt has been linked, as has Villarreal's Spain international Pau Torres. Another Dutchman on Ten Hag's radar is Jurrien Timber, who has been tipped to follow his old boss from Ajax. Timber can play at both right-back and centre-back.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here