Budding interior designers take note, as this is how to properly furnish a living space depending on its size. ScS, a home furnishing retailer, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how to maximise space in a living room. ScS told Express.co.uk: "Little spaces still need a lot of love, and if designed correctly, they can feel a lot bigger than they are." When it comes to small living rooms, Scs revealed that sofa size is of "upmost importance". "Too big and it can make the room feel tiny; too small and there won’t be enough seating space." READ MORE: Interior designer shares 'divine' colour combos for living spaces Due to a scarcity of space, furniture should not block any walking paths, nor should it be pushed against the walls. "Instead, position the furniture around a focal point in the room, such as a TV or fireplace, which will serve as the room’s centre of attention." This means that there's plenty of space in the rest of the room. Next, Scs recommended choosing neutral colours. "Neutral colours should be used in smaller living areas, as they help create the illusion of space." But this needn't mean the living room needs to be boring, with the retailer suggesting using "small touches of colour or accents of patterns" to add a pop of colour. The retailer's final tip for a small living room was to get creative with storage and furniture. "Finding creative storage solutions, like an ottoman to put books in, or a sofa with pull out draws, will help the room look less cluttered. "You’ll end up having more space, whilst keeping it as a functional living area."Décor such as mirrors also helps create the illusion of a bigger room, so pop a mirror up for a spacious looking setting. ScS said: "Having a larger space might seem like a blessing but furnishing it still comes with challenges. "The secret is smart arrangement and having furniture that can divide up the space, helping you to create a balanced living environment." The retailer's first tip was to divide the room to give it some cohesion. "The sofa is the anchor for the rest of the living room furniture in a large living space, so its position is crucial as you don’t want extra space making your room feel empty." The retailer also suggested using zones to divide a larger space: "Having something like a main area to relax in and watch TV, and then a separate, more formal area to entertain in could be a good idea." A reading nook is a nice example of this. The second technique for maximising space in a large living room was choosing the right wall colour. While neutral colours work best for small spaces, those with larger living areas have a few more colours to play with to set the tone of the room. ScS explained: "If your space is going to be used for entertaining, darker colours such as purples and deep reds will make the space feel vibrant, encouraging conversation and chatter. "For a light, bright room, warmer shades of white and cream work well to create a mellow, peaceful atmosphere." The retailer's final tip was to allow breathing space between furniture. "Ensuring pieces are close enough to feel connected and natural, yet far enough apart that each piece has breathing room is essential. "The recommended distance between pieces of furniture is around 18 inches, but it can be slightly more depending on the size of the area."