The Midwich Cuckoos has been given a modern-day makeover thanks to Sky with the 1950s story set in today's world. While the setting has changed, the plot itself has mostly stayed the same with a mysterious blackout leading to all the women of child-bearing age in the once quiet town of Midwich falling pregnant shortly after. But they soon discover that these children are not normal, as they are half-human, half-alien. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Midwich Cuckoos.The Midwich Cuckoos premiered on Sky Max on Thursday, June 2, and has already left a lasting impression on viewers. As the "children" grow up at lightning speed and begin to interact with one another, it becomes clear that they have an ulterior motive. It is then up to Dr Susannah Zellaby (played by Keeley Hawes) to figure out what it is that they really want. But will their mums be able to cope with the truth or have they already grown too attached to the young ones? READ MORE: 'Where's Tom Jones?' Viewers torn as Diana Ross closes Jubilee concert The Midwich Cuckoos is based on the sci-fi 1957 novel by John Wyndham which was renamed The Village of the Damned for the 1995 movie. Sky has transformed the story into a mini-series for the first time which will air a new episode every Thursday for the next few weeks. But unlike the film, creator David Farr made the decision to keep its original title. In a newly released featurette, Farr explained the significance of the book's name to the entire plot.  "It is called The Midwich Cuckoos because cuckoos hijack other birds' nests," Farr said. "They enter a bird's nest, they take it over and they actually remove, rather violently, the eggs of the original mother. "And the mother doesn't seem to notice until it's too late. "If you watch it with human emotion, it's unbearable." DON'T MISS...Adil Ray laughs as he mocks Meghan Markle's Jubilee snub  [REACTION]How many episodes are in The Midwich Cuckoos? [EPISODE COUNT]The Midwick Cuckoos: Who is in the Sky cast? [CAST] The Midwich Cuckoos will consist of a total of seven episodes that will be shown on Sky Max. As long as there are no delays in scheduling, the grand finale is going to come out on Thursday, July 14. Alternatively, fans can catch up on the entire boxset on Sky's streaming service NOW. The Midwich Cuckoos will be returning for its second instalment this week. Episode two of The Midwich Cuckoos is entitled In This Together. The description from Sky reads: "Midwich is recovering from the blackout when a shocking discovery is made: every woman of child-bearing age inside the zone on May 6 has fallen pregnant. "But of graver concern to Dr Susannah Zellaby is the unnerving responses of the pregnant women." The Midwich Cuckoos airs every Thursday on Sky Max and is available to watch on the streaming service NOW.