Joined in his Saturday Morning kitchen by chef Atul Kochhar, ITV’s James Martin heard questions and enquiries from viewers at home this weekend. However, when Martin from Switzerland asked James for the best way to rustle up a dish containing figs and kiwis, the presenter handed it over to Atul as he admitted he had an allergy to one of the ingredients. “Atul is gonna try and answer this question if that’s alright?” James began as he got to Martin’s question. He continued: “This one’s from Martin in Switzerland, he says that he grows a load of kiwis and figs this year, have you got any ideas what to do with them?” Before James heard Atul’s answer, he explained why he wasn’t the best person to ask for advice on the ingredients. In fact, James revealed he refuses to cook dishes containing kiwi and has them banned from his kitchen as he’s allergic. READ MORE: ‘Waiting for an answer!’ Naga Munchetty hits out at Matt Tebbutt James divulged: “Now the reason we don’t have any and the reason I’m not cooking with them, is that I’m allergic to kiwi fruits. “So that’s why I don’t have them anywhere near here,” he explained. Luckily, Atul was on hand to give Martin some guidance as James handed over the reins to him. “So kiwi fruit is quite an interesting fruit,” Atul began. “It’s quite a complicated and difficult one as well. “There are very few uses with that so I use kiwi fruits especially when it’s quite sour in my marinades.” Explaining why, Atul added to James: “It has got the right kind of acid in it to break down the muscle of any meat. “So any red meat to be honest,” he added. “So if I’m cooking lamb, a whole lamb leg (for example), “I will rub it with a kiwi fruit and then put the marinade on top because it works incredibly well, it breaks it down.” DON'T MISS:BBC ‘nervous to host Eurovision’ over soaring costs and licence freeze‘Doesn’t seem right’ Naga takes Mercedes dig over ‘disaster’ car Naga Munchetty forced to step in after BBC sound issues After listening to Atul’s delicious-sounding solution, James couldn’t resist a cheeky swipe at his guest. “Why do you always trump me with recipes when you come on the show,” James quipped. “I keep it simple,” the celebrity chef went on as Atul let out a chuckle. Elsewhere in the show, James was joined by celebrity guest Fleur East. The pair reflected on the singer’s history in the music industry as well as her loss in the final of X Factor. Fleur revealed she feigned excitement for singer Ben Haenow when he pipped her to victory, prompting James to make a confession about his time on BBC’s Strictly Come Dancing. It turns out James had the opposite reaction when he was successful in the dance contest, telling Fleur: “See, they had to dip my microphone out when I did Strictly. “I used to go through and he (the announcer) says, ‘James, you’re through,’ and I used to go, ‘Oh, for…’” James joked as he pretended to walk away disappointed. James Martin’s Saturday Morning airs Saturdays on ITV at 9:25am.