The NHS says a low blood pressure reading is less than 90/60mmHg. The health body explains: “It does not always cause symptoms, but you may need treatment if it does.” The Mayo Clinic says: “What's considered low blood pressure for one person might be OK for someone else. Low blood pressure might cause no noticeable symptoms, or it might cause dizziness and fainting. Sometimes, low blood pressure can be life-threatening.”  The NHS says blood pressure is recorded with two numbers. Systolic pressure - the higher number - is the force at which your heart pumps blood around your body. Diastolic pressure - the lower number - is the resistance to the blood flow in the blood vessels. As a general guide: READ MORE: Supplements warning: Four supplements that may cause ‘potentially fatal’ heart arrhythmias The NHS says you should get your blood pressure checked if you keep getting symptoms such as: The Mayo Clinic says: “For some people, low blood pressure may be a sign of an underlying health condition, especially when it drops suddenly or occurs with symptoms.”   The organisation says extreme low blood pressure can lead to a condition known as shock. Symptoms of shock include: The organisation says: “If you have symptoms of extreme low blood pressure (hypotension) or shock, seek emergency medical help. Most health care providers consider blood pressure to be too low only if it causes symptoms.”  Blood Pressure UK says if your blood pressure is naturally low, this probably won’t cause you any problems and won’t need treatment. “In fact, the lower your blood pressure, the lower your risk of heart disease and stroke." The health body says low blood pressure, and low blood pressure when you stand up, can be caused by medications. It adds: “Diabetes can affect the normal control of blood pressure because it can affect your hormones and the nerves leading to your blood vessels. If the nerves are affected your blood pressure might drop when you stand up because your blood vessels can’t adjust to the new position quickly enough.”  The NHS notes high blood pressure, or hypertension, rarely has noticeable symptoms. It says if left untreated, it increases your risk of serious problems such as heart attacks and strokes. Indeed, around a third of adults in the UK have high blood pressure, although many will not realise it. If you're aged 40 to 74, you can get your cholesterol checked as part of an NHS Health Check. The British Heart Foundation (BHF) recommends all adults have a cholesterol check at any age, even if they feel completely well. It should be repeated every five years – or more often if the test was abnormal. 