Former sex worker Nicky (played by Kimberly Hart-Simpson) was left humiliated and unemployed after troubled teenager Max (Paddy Bever) shared inappropriate photographs of her around the school. The Coronation Street mum-of-one has been struggling to find work since being fired as a teaching assistant and might be about to give Max a taste of his own bitter medicine.  As Max prepares for a date with soap newcomer Sonya (Isabelle Smith) in upcoming scenes, she sends him a text asking him to send her a picture of the whole package so she can see what to expect. Max, who is taken aback by the flirty message, returns home unbuttoning his shirt as he prepares to take some snaps of himself. Later on, a confused Sonya reveals she has never received any pictures from him nor sent any back. Official ITV soap spoilers have revealed Max and Sonya are left mortified when they realise they have been set up. READ MORE: GMB viewers demand Richard Madeley be removed over Rwanda question Could a vengeful Nicky be the person behind the cruel move? Things go from bad to worse for Max when he receives a threatening text message demanding £1,000 or his naked picture will go viral. A worried Max tells David Platt (Jack P. Shepherd) about being blackmailed and a protective David tells him they will go to the school together and let the headteacher know. When Nicky's photographs were spread around the school it ruined both her reputation and career - but would she stoop this low just to teach Max a lesson?  Nicky actress Kimberly recently spoke to Express.co.uk and other media about how difficult life became for the character due to Max's vicious actions. "As we know, previous Nicky was working as a sex worker," she explained. She went away from the cobbles to train to be a teaching assistant and managed to "get her life back on track". All was going well until Max exposed her past to the school, with the actress saying: "He did not fit in with that gang and was trying to be accepted and in turn, it has torn down her life."  DON'T MISS...Ernst Walder dead: Original Coronation Street cast member dies at 94 [UPDATE]Coronation Street theory: Carla Connor exits after Peter split [SPOILER]Coronation Street theory: Leanne Battersby to frame Nick for crime [THEORY] Her life "was in a bit of a mess" and she moved in with teacher Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard) while she searched for another job. However, Nicky was dealt a crushing blow in recent weeks when she discovered Daniel was still in love with his ex-girlfriend Daisy Midgeley (Charlotte Brown) who despises her. When asked if Nicky would make Max pay for his actions, Kimberly said: "She wouldn’t seek revenge [on Max]. "I think she realise he is just a kid and did it for his mates and did not realise the ramifications.  "I don’t believe she will go out for justice but she wouldn’t think twice about telling him to pipe down if she ever sees him again." While the actress does not believe her character would seek revenge on Max, will producers agree? A jobless Nicky must be strapped for cash and £1,000 could really help her, which means she could be the blackmailer. Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV. 