Mohamed Salah insiders have reportedly verified suggestions that the star could turn his back on Liverpool and sign for a rival Premier League club if he fails to agree terms on a new deal at Anfield. And they’ve also let slip that a move to Spain would be a “dream” for the forward. Salah has been a star player for the Reds since signing from Roma in the summer of 2017. And he has bagged an incredible 156 goals and 63 assists in 254 appearances for his team over the last five seasons. But his contract is set to expire next summer and he has so far refused to put pen-to-paper on a new deal. Club and player appear to have reached an impasse in negotiations - and that has resulted in speculation that he could quit Anfield to begin a new challenge. According to the Independent, there is a new belief around the Egypt international that his main choice is to stay where he is. But sources close to the player say he would be open to another Premier League move or a transfer to La Liga, preferably to Real Madrid. READ MORE: Liverpool's new incentive to seal £38.3m transfer as Mane replacement Salah scored 31 goals and laid on 16 assists for his team-mates last season as Liverpool narrowly missed out on landing the Premier League and Champions League titles. And the 29-year-old’s endeavours helped the Reds taste glory in the FA Cup and Carabao Cup. Salah shared the Premier League Golden Boot with Tottenham star Son Heung-min after they both found the back of the net 23 times in the top flight. It was the third time in his Liverpool career that Salah had won the Golden Boot after sharing it with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Sadio Mane in 2019 with 22 goals and winning it on his own a year earlier with 32 strikes.  Reds manager Jurgen Klopp will be desperate to keep Salah at Anfield beyond next summer but may have to persuade club chiefs to relax their wage policy to do so. “It is Mo’s decision, pretty much,” Klopp revealed as he spoke about Salah’s future in March. “I think the club did what the club can do. There’s nothing more to say about it from my point of view, it is exactly like it should be at the moment. Nothing happened further, so no signing, no rejection or whatever so we just have to wait for that. It’s completely fine - there’s no rush in this situation.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 