Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall will celebrate her 75th birthday next month. Aside from her milestone birthday, the Duchess will make her debut in the ultimate fashion magazine with a glossy feature dedicated to the future Queen Consort. Speaking on a latest episode on his YouTube channel, royal expert Neil Sean discussed Camilla's upcoming debut and revealed that the Duchess opted against a stylist for the shoot. Mr Sean said: "She [Camilla] was featured in a lovely glossy spread in the forthcoming July issue of British Vogue. "Now, I don't know if you know this but Camilla picked out all of her own clothes." The royal expert added: "Well, normally at an event like this, they have a stylist. "Now, Camilla does have a stylist, a lady that's been with her for many years, but she [does] pick out the clothes for herself on a daily basis." READ MORE: Prince William’s birthday marred by ‘pot shots at Harry’ as brothers rift continues He added: "Unlike a lot of people who like, shall we say, international couture, Camilla likes basic brands, things you can pick up in the high street". Mr Sean continued: "Because, as she [Camilla] said, you know, it's not about whether they're expensive or not, if people don't know they're expensive, does really it matter. "She said she buys clothes because they're comfortable, practical, and at times, she just wants to look glamourous". He added that the reason for the shoot is "all to highlight her great work". READ MORE: Double celebration for Kate! Duchess overjoyed as she marks two milestones TODAY He said: "She does a lot of charitable work, that a lot of the time, goes unnoticed. "It's a beautiful interview". In February, the Queen explained in a statement that she would like Camilla to be known as Queen Consort when Charles takes the throne. She quoted that it would be her "sincere wish" for her daughter-in-law to be known by that title. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's titles spark 'removal discussion' amid royals [INSIGHT]Kate and William 'don't want to be seen cosying up to Harry' - claim [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle 'hoped to reconcile with Kate' for children to bond [VIDEO] Earlier this month, Camilla was made a Royal Lady of the Most Noble Order of the Garter. The only other current Royal Ladies of the order are The Princess Royal and Princess Alexandra of Kent. Camilla has been an official member of the British Royal Family for 17 years. She married the Queen's eldest son, Prince Charles, in April 2005. READ NEXT: