Tottenham have stepped up their efforts to prise Richarlison away from Everton - but the Toffees have rejected a proposal that included Steven Bergwijn as a makeweight. Antonio Conte is keen to boost his attacking options this summer and has set his sights on the coveted Brazilian forward. Richarlison played a key role for Everton in the final weeks of the Premier League campaign as they secured their survival, but the 25-year-old is now being courted by both Spurs and Chelsea and is expected to depart Goodison Park this summer. A new report from The Telegraph has revealed that Tottenham have tabled a proposal that would see Everton rake in £20million and acquire the services of Bergwijn, who was believed to be close to a switch to Ajax. However, the report goes on to outline that Everton have 'firmly rejected' Tottenham's player plus cash bid for Richarlison and are holding out for a much higher sum for the ex-Watford man. READ MORE: Chelsea line up Man City raid with defender set to join Sterling Spurs chairman Daniel Levy had also identified Harry Winks as a potential makeweight in any deal for Richarlison, but Everton boss Frank Lampard is not interested in signing the 26-year-old playmaker. Tottenham were also prepared to trade the services of Lucas Moura to get a deal for Richarlison over the line. Richarlison has been a consistent goalscorer for the Toffees since he arrived at the club back in the summer of 2018. The forward bagged 10 league goals in 30 appearances for Frank Lampard's side last term, including some pivotal goals during the club's crunch relegation run-in. Conte is desperate to add some more firepower to his squad and ease the goalscoring burden on Harry Kane after guiding Spurs back into the Champions League in the final weeks of the season. DON'T MISS: Four players Maxwell may land for Chelsea if appointed transfer chiefChelsea follow up interest in Inter Milan star after Lukaku talksChelsea owner Boehly holds talks with City to 'finalise' Sterling deal Richarlison has operated both centrally as a No.9 and in wide attacking roles for Everton, and his versatility would potentially enable him to play alongside Kane and Son Heung-min as well as providing adequate cover for them. Conte is also an admirer of Everton's wing wizard Anthony Gordon, but the most recent round of negotiations focused solely on Richarlison, who has also emerged as a target for Chelsea. The Blues new co-owner Todd Boehly and Thomas Tuchel have identified Richarlison as a potential replacement for club-record flop Romelu Lukaku, who is expected to seal a loan return to Inter Milan this week. Chelsea are also expected to ramp up their interest in Manchester City star Raheem Sterling in the coming days, as Tuchel bids to remould his playing squad for the 2022/23 campaign.