The study, conducted by rehab clinic Delamare, showed that cannabis consumption is most prevalent in the east of England - with data indicating 14,125 reported users of the drug in that region. And it was the most popular illegal drug in all areas of the country except for London and the east Midlands, which were higher consumers of MDMA and cocaine respectively. Martin Preston, founder and chief executive at Delamere explained some of the “dangers” of cannabis consumption. He told Express.co.uk: “As a Class B drug, cannabis can often be easier to access than other drugs that are considered to be more harmful by parliament - such as crack cocaine or heroin. “This could explain cannabis’ popularity throughout the UK. “However, cannabis dependency is still very much a risk for users - with one in 10 regular cannabis users becoming dependent on the drug.” He shared some tips on how to spot some signs and symptoms of cannabis addiction.  READ MORE: High blood pressure: Too little of certain foods means 'sodium can build up' in your blood Fatigue, lethargy, apathy - While addicted to cannabis, a person may experience symptoms of fatigue, lethargy or apathy. This is because cannabis contains THC (the psychoactive ingredient found in cannabis) chemicals that send signals to your brain that often make you tired or promote sleep. Lack of interest in physical appearance - A person who is addicted to cannabis may often show a lack of interest in physical appearance. This can include not changing clothes for days on end or forgetting to shower.   Mood swings - Addiction to cannabis can also lead to mood swings. This is because it interferes with the region of the brain that helps regulate emotion control and how we react to other people's behaviour. These changes may mean that the person who is addicted to cannabis could experience outbursts of sudden anger. Poor attention span - Another sign of addiction can include poor attention span. READ MORE: Dementia: Changes in drawing traits may signal 'early-stage' cognitive impairment - study  This is because the chemicals found in cannabis slow down the cognitive functions of the brain, including memory and learning, which in turn makes it harder to concentrate. Anxiety or paranoia - Using cannabis regularly can also cause symptoms of anxiety or paranoia. This can be because high levels of THC can increase anxiety symptoms, such as an increased heart rate or racing thoughts. The report also found that cannabis use was highly prevalent in the north west of England, where the reported usage is 2,067.  Mr Preston added: “When it comes to drugs that are more harshly penalised, the danger isn’t just the strength of the drugs themselves — but also the other ‘cutting agents’ that may be included in the measurement. “Whereas medication prescribed by a doctor is carefully regulated for a patient’s protection, drug dealers seeking to make a profit will mix the drug with additives that can in fact be dangerous toxins to meet their bottom line. “Different additives will cause varying effects, and it’s impossible to tell the type and level of filler ingredients contained in a batch of cocaine. “This increases the risk of negative reactions to substances - and in some cases, even fatalities.” 