Inflation has creeped up once again, according to the latest figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS). It means purchasing power amongst Britons has declined for another consecutive month. The state pension triple lock will return, next year, however, buoying pensioners with an increase that will match inflation. With the inflation news worrying some, Express.co.uk readers had their say on the matter and how people are impacted. Some expressed their contempt for the current pressures impacting the UK - with Britain currently in the depths of a cost of living crisis. Aligator stated: “Is this what losing control looks like? There is a long way to fall still.” READ MORE: Cash machine scam warning issued by police - drained bank accounts Borisermjohnserm wrote: “A clueless chancellor and an ignorant Bank of England. Never has our country been in such dire need of grown ups.” “.” said: “Pensioners have been treated with utter contempt by this Government. Broken manifesto promises and no rise in line with cost of living. “Roll on the next elections. Tories will be punished unless this issue is resolved!” While SarahBe simply stated: “Tories are destroying our grandparents.” DON'T MISSInheritance warning as Britons shell out £100,000 unnecessarily [ANALYSIS]Low income pensioners to get free over 75s TV licence -'minimum fuss!' [UPDATE]Triple lock to provide boost but pensioners urged to get £3,300 [LATEST] However, many others have urged Britons to approach the matter of rising inflation without panicking. Happyday said: “It’s a global problem, we just need to stay calm. Manage your cash and cut back on non essentials including holidays. If we do this, then we will reap rewards of lower inflation earlier.” Kurkku wrote: “Englanders survived the Blitz. They will survive now.” Donnumnum stated: “Most pensioners I know are very politically and economically savvy, so this hasn’t come as a shock to any of then. “They’ve got the triple lock so their pensions are going up to match inflation. So, what’s the big deal? “When, which will happen as always, inflation goes back down, they’ll be quids in again. Nowt to see here. Move on.” The triple lock was temporarily scrapped this year due to perceived lack of affordability, but will return. In addition, other Express.co.uk readers were less concerned about older individuals, encouraging a focus on other groups. The Butler Did It stated: “Pensioners? How about everybody else. At least pensioners have a guaranteed income, I don’t. I run a shop. We’ve gone from a thriving business to barely making wages most weeks.” 1AB said: “Pensioners have never had it so good, and with the triple lock being reinstated it’s win win in the near future. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “That’s unless you are one of these people who can’t take any responsibility for your wellbeing and wish utter dependence on the Government from cradle to grave!” Flatroofer remarked: “9.1 percent? It was 25.6 percent inflation in my days of building my home. What are people complaining about?” Foucault1234 wrote: “The self victimisation of pensioners is unbelievable.” While Greylox mused: “They’ve had their whole lives to save for old age or invest in a private pension, not to mention they grew up as boomers. “I’m more worried about the younger generation being screwed over.” Surging inflation is also hiking Government debt, according to the latest ONS reports. Interest payments issued by the Government for last month climbed to £7.6billion, up from the £3.1billion recorded a year earlier.