Fashion expert Miranda Holder explained people can "steal Kate Middleton's style" by following three easy rules. Miranda said: "There is so much we can learn from the Duchess of Cambridge when it comes to style. "Kate has lived life in the public eye and we have seen her transform from the aspirational, but still accessible young woman to the royal Princess and fashion icon she has become." The fashion expert explained the number one rule to get Kate's look is to "adopt a style uniform". But what is it? READ MORE: 10p hack to remove tea cup stains ‘in minutes’ with ‘no scrubbing’ "A style uniform can be a very useful wardrobe weapon," Miranda said. This is because "it really takes the guesswork out of getting dressed in the mornings". "It can take a bit of work to establish just what your uniform needs to be but once done you can concentrate on other decisions rather than 'What should I wear today?' "It's a great way to build a personal brand and ensures you will always be comfortable and stylish."  Miranda explained another rule is to "always wear monochrome". Monochrome doesn't just mean wearing black and white "but also describes dressing in the same shade from head to toe". Miranda explained this is "an incredibly flattering look, as the single colour elongates your silhouette making you look taller and slimmer". How can you recreate this? READ MORE: Fergie weight loss: How Duchess of York 'lost close to 50 pounds' "This look will look fabulous on everyone - just make sure you know your colours and have selected one of your best shapes. "Monochrome can look very chic and expensive, it also makes accessorising far easier," she advised. Finally, the third rule is to wear "nude court shoes". Nude court shoes will go with any outfit whether is print, neutrals or brights. Miranda explained why they are so flattering: "The pointed toe of the court, together with the nude colour, has a flattering leg-lengthening effect. "It also leaves you plenty of leeway to have fun with other accessories." Also, "you won't have to worry about matching your shoes," she said. According to royal fan @thesummermama, Kate "never gets it wrong" and these rules can make it easier than ever to recreate her "fabulous and polished" style.