Amanda Owen, 47, has detailed her way of relaxing away from the pressures of her busy home life. The Yorkshire Shepherdess reflected on the “childlike excitement” she feels when going wild swimming. Amanda rose to fame with her Channel 5 show, Our Yorkshire Farm, which gives viewers an insight into her incredibly busy schedule looking after her farm and nine children. However, when it comes to her downtime, Amanda likes to take some time away from her home chores while immersing herself in nature. Amanda said: “I love wild swimming and paddle boarding on Birkdale tarn near our farm, which is a seven-hectare mountain lake that was originally excavated by a glacier. “I never see anyone, it’s just me and nature. Throughout the winter it is probably one of the most uninviting, foreboding places on earth. “The black inky water looks so lifeless. But once the sun starts to shine in spring it takes on another identity.’ The Yorkshire Shepherdess added in an interview for The Game Fair: “I am now 47, but I still have a childlike excitement every time I swim.” Amanda recently announced she and her husband Clive had made the “difficult decision to separate”. She took to her Instagram earlier this month to share a joint statement with Clive about their separation. In view of her 522,000 followers, Amanda wrote: “Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate. “This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family. “Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together with our number one priority the happiness and well-being of our children.” The statement came after Amanda and Clive enjoyed 21 years of marriage with one another after first meeting back in 1995. DONT MISS:Piers Morgan fiercely defends Paul McCartney over Glastonbury backlash [PHOTOS]Deborah James ‘proud’ after 'incredible' bowel cancer campaign update [NEWS]Geri Horner and Christian fly to Glastonbury for extravagant date [LATEST] The couple share nine children together - Raven, Reuben, Miles, Edith, Violet, Sidney, Annas, Clemmy, and Nancy. The pair and their children became one of TV’s best-loved families as they gave viewers an insight into their lives. In light of the news, fans took to social media to lament the couple’s separation. Judithmercerjones penned: "You give your children the best life! It’s just so wonderful to see. “Wishing you both happy coparenting and hope everything works out for the best." Jantowse added: "I am so sorry to hear the news about you and Clive. Wishing you both well for the future. "Thank you for all the TV viewing joy that you have both given us over the years. xx." Shirley.roberts.351 typed: "So sad to read your post re you and Clive today. Wish you all the best for whatever the future may hold for you."