Arsenal technical director Edu has taken a sly dig at Chelsea following the news of Eddie Nketiah's new contract. Nketiah has ended speculation over his future at the Emirates by signing a new long-term contract. The England under-21 record goalscorer had rejected previous offers of a renewal as he seeked regular game time. But starting the last eight matches of last season has seemingly proven he is a firm part of Mikel Arteta's plans. Nketiah was released by Chelsea at the age of 14 and snapped up by Arsenal and Edu took a subtle shot at the Blues for letting the striker leave, claiming he has always had the ability to reach the top. Speaking to the Arsenal website, the Brazilian said: “The foundations of this squad are built on young talent and in particular those who have come through our Academy system. “Eddie was released by another club as a young man but has always shown he has the attitude as well as the ability to become a top player. The fact he’s signed a new contract is an important part of our squad planning for next season and we’re all delighted.” READ MORE: Christian Eriksen 'makes decision on Man Utd transfer' as Tottenham twist takes place  Nketiah will wear the No 14 shirt from next season. The number was most famously worn by the club's all-time leading goalscorer Thierry Henry during his illustrious first spell in England. Theo Walcott and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang have donned the jersey since, so there will be pressure on Nketiah to live up to those standards. Arsenal boss Arteta always maintained he wanted Nketiah to stay at the club and is equally happy with the news. He said: “I’m delighted Eddie is staying with us. He represents what we are all about and all the values of the club. DON'T MISSLiverpool told to sell Jurgen Klopp favourite who is 'not good enough' - 'Time to go'Man Utd star David De Gea 'unhappy' as details emerge ahead of Erik ten Hag eraArsenal 'cooling' Youri Tielemans transfer interest with Fabio Vieira set for medical  "We are very happy that he has extended his contract and now we have to get to work and continue to develop the great talent and person that we have in him.” Nketiah is still likely to be a back-up option for Arsenal next season. Arteta is in the market for a striker, with Manchester City's Gabriel Jesus the No 1 target. City want up to £50million for the 25-year-old, whose contract expires at the end of next season. Arsenal start the new Premier League campaign away to Crystal Palace on August 5 before their first home match of the campaign against Leicester a week later.  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here