Bristol Airport is currently experiencing their busiest period since 2019 in recent days. Passengers have described the scenes at the airport this morning as "horrific" with claims of 129 flights departing close together causing "enormous" queues. They said it has been "working hard to meet the post-Covid challenges" such as the recruitment of more than 300 new staff. Venting their disappointment, a number of travellers have taken to social media to share their frustrations. @richardsonoldie said: "Pathetic.... this carnage this morning is wholly due to the overreach of airport owners scheduling 21 flights in an hour from 05.55….” @oatmealcake wrote: "Horrific experience this morning. “Too many flights so close together." READ MORE: Calls for military help to sort CHAOS at UK airports and ports Twitter user @corbs55 said: “Absolute carnage in the departure lounge. “There is no way this is a safe level of capacity, people in every available inch. Disgraceful.” One person felt sorry for the Bristol staff and said: “Everyone seems so stressed." It is not just inside the terminal that has been deemed chaotic, there are reports of large queues to exit the vehicle drop off zone and a "200m queue just to get in the terminal with your bags". DON'T MISS:DVT: How to reduce risks on planes and warning signs [TIPS]Britons to pay 70 percent more to travel to USA [INSIGHT]Airline worker says crew offered £350 a day to 'save' holidays  [EXPERT] But not everyone has had a bad experience this morning. Ava McGill said: "Well done Bristol Airport, arrived at 3am for my flight at 6.30am. Bag drop off within 15 minutes of opening. “Security 20 minutes with fast track. Now sat at Burger King with a beer. Happy holidays. Too much scaremongering with social media." A spokesperson for Bristol Airport said: "Around 120 flights are scheduled to take off from Bristol Airport today. “Our early morning period has always been busy as travellers want to fly first thing to make the most of their trip away. "We've been working hard to meet the post Covid challenges, including recruiting and training over 300 new colleagues, making additional overtime payments, and our entire management team working in frontline roles each week. "During the busy summer period, customers are advised to check with the airline when their check-in/ bag drop desk opens and arrive in the terminal at this time. “Customers are advised not to arrive early as check-in and security may not be open – adding to the congestion." Last Friday, Richard Thomasson, Head of Customer Operations said that customers arriving five hours before their early morning flight is "something we have not experienced before". "When customers are queuing before check-in and security opens it provides a negative customer experience for everyone, and one we want to avoid," he added. Passengers across the UK have faced chaos as the holiday season kicks off. Passengers at Manchester Airport have also reported long queues on social media. TUI has said that its flights are now operating as normal after cancelling six flights a day from Manchester airport during June. easyJet and British Airways have also cancelled flights with most passengers given advance notice. Britons are entitled to another flight on their intended day of travel if another is available, even if this is on a rival airline.