Many of the Bravo Team were left with life-threatening injuries after their latest mission was sabotaged by an enemy ambush. With filming underway for the SEAL Team’s hotly-anticipated sixth season, the addition of a new cast member could spark speculation of a key member of the CBS, now Paramount+ drama stepping down. SEAL Team newcomer Raffi Barsoumian could be introduced as a replacement for another senior Bravo officer next season. The team’s latest mission to Mali ended with a horrific ambush in the season five finale earlier this year. Fans are now waiting with tenterhooks to find out if Jason Hayes (played by David Boreanaz), Clay Spenser (Max Thieriot) and the team make it out alive. Although David and Max are confirmed to be coming back, their teammates may not be so lucky. READ MORE: Bargain Hunt’s Roo Irvine opens up on ‘heart-breaking change in family As Raffi will be portraying an experienced Senior Chief, the likes of Ray Perry (Neil Brown Jr) or Sonny Quinn (A. J. Buckley) could be stepping down or even killed off at some point in the next season. An official description of Raffi’s character from Deadline reads: “Barsoumian will play Omar, a Senior Chief with fifteen years of experience as a SEAL. “The son of Syrian immigrants, Omar has a deep understanding of the Middle East, and calls upon that knowledge to help navigate missions in the region.” Details of the next season are being kept under wraps, but Omar’s involvement at least confirms Bravo will be heading to the Middle East for their next secret ops. His decade and a half of experience will prove invaluable to the team, especially if one or more amongst their ranks will be saying their goodbyes to the series. In the meantime, Raffi and his followers have been celebrating landing his latest role on social media. On Instagram, Raffi posted his casting announcement and wrote: “Back into the military I go.” Before SEAL Team, Raffi was best known for his main role as Warrant Officer Rami Ahmadi in the short-lived military drama The Code on CBS. DON'T MISS:Kevin Costner admits wife has reservations over Western role [INTERVIEW]Game of Thrones’ Emilia Clarke spills first Jon Snow details [INSIGHT]NCIS season 20 release date confirmed by CBS [LATEST] He also appeared in supporting roles in popular series such as Legends of Tomorrow, Shameless and The Vampire Diaries. His followers have now expressed their excitement after the TV regular landed a huge part in one of the biggest new shows in the Paramount+ repertoire. Legends of Tomorrow co-star Tala Ashe replied: “What a corner you have on this niche market.” To which Raffi added a shrug emoji and joked: “I exude military.” @tiiareacts exclaimed: “So so cool!! Can’t wait to see you in this!” And @hrantd responded: “My favourite show! So happy for you.” Leading man David recently shared the first sneak-peek at the new season on his own Instagram account, so hopefully, this means it won’t be long until SEAL Team fans can tune in. SEAL Team season 6 will premiere on Paramount+ in the USA later this year. Season 5 continues Wednesdays on Sky Max and NOW in the UK.