Cleaning the kettle is often a chore which is forgotten about. However, keeping on top of kettle cleaning is extremely important to keep limescale at bay. According to one expert, limescale build-up can make drinks taste “funny” as well as make your energy bills “higher”. Paul Benjamin, Digital Marketing Manager at Kinetico, said: “Not only is limescale in your kettle unsightly, but it can also make your tea taste funny and could be making your energy bills higher. “Limescale affects how efficient your kettle is by covering the heat element, so it takes longer to heat up the water, which can shorten the lifespan of your kettle and increase the amount of energy you use to boil water. “Not only will you be paying more for your energy use, but you’ll likely need to shell out on a new kettle sooner than expected too.” Luckily there are a few ways to remove limescale from kettles. READ MORE: ‘Important’ garden trend that could add £27,0000 to property value The expert said you can buy products designed for kettle cleaning but it’s usually cheaper to use a “natural” cleaning option. This involves using white vinegar. Paul explained: “Fill your kettle 3/4 full with equal parts water and vinegar. “Leave the kettle for at least an hour or overnight for the best results. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share 99p way to get rid of black mould - ‘brilliant’ [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share 80p hack to banish washing machine odours [EXPLAINER]Paint colours to ‘avoid’ in the kitchen - what to pick instead [EXPERT] “Boil the kettle and leave it to stand until completely cooled. “Pour out the water and rinse the kettle.” The expert recommended using a long-handled brush to scrub out any remaining residue. He added: “Once the limescale is removed, fill the kettle with clean water and boil again. READ MORE: Tomato plants: ‘Ideal’ watering method to ‘prevent root diseases’ “Repeat until there are no hints of vinegar left to avoid funky tasting tea.” The main cause of limescale comes from living in a hard water area because limescale is a build-up of calcium and magnesium, found in hard water. According to Paul, hard water also causes a build-up in boilers, washing machines and dishwashers. These appliances are harder or much more costly to clean. The expert continued: “Instead of allowing limescale to build-up, you can tackle the problem at the source by using a water softener. “A water softener helps to soften hard water, removing the minerals that cause limescale. “While it is an initial expense, in the long run, it will save you a lot of money and time. “You won’t need to clean or replace your appliances as frequently.”