She said she "felt sorry" for Harry and Meghan Markle during the bank holiday weekend as a result of "the way that they were parted from the family". Speaking to Fox News during their coverage of the Jubilee weekend, the former X-Factor judge said: "The Royal Family has always been like a Shakespearean play for me. "I have to tell you when I saw them [Harry and Meghan] earlier on … I felt sorry for them. "And the way that they were parted from the family." Speaking about the couple's decision to step back from royal duties, Ms Osbourne said: "I do feel sorry for him [Prince Harry] because I think that there must be a huge part of him that regrets". In reference to Harry and Meghan's very minimal appearance at Trooping the Colour, she added: "I mean, can you imagine how he felt with the whole family in that procession and he would have normally been there on one of those horses with his uniform and everything.." Harry and Meghan stepped back from royal duties in March 2020. As a result, they were not able to appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony during Trooping the Colour, as the Queen decided the appearance would be reserved for working members of the Royal Family only this year. Harry and Meghan's return to the UK for the celebrations was just their second return trip together since moving to the United States. It was their first time returning with their two children, Archie and Lilibet. READ MORE: Kate's reaction to Meghan Markle exposed as Duchesses reunited While they did not appear on the balcony at Trooping the Colour, they were briefly spotted through the windows of the palace. They made their first public appearance in the UK together at the service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral on Friday. Harry and Meghan reportedly left the country before the celebrations were over, with the Sun reporting that they caught a flight during the Jubilee pageant on Sunday. Speaking to Page Six, Ms Osbourne sympathised with Harry and Meghan's separation from the rest of the family. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry accused of using royal status for 'own agenda' [ANALYSIS] Happy birthday Lilibet! Sussex fans' joy as Queen 'meets' young royal [REVEAL] Meghan Markle warned against 'appalling tactics' at Jubilee [INSIGHT] She speculated that they may be thinking: "My children are not going to grow up with their cousins." The TV personality added: "It’s got to have an effect on you when they don’t have any cousins, aunts, uncles." However, Meghan and Harry did host a birthday celebration for their daughter Lilibet Diana, which reportedly saw close friends and family attend. The backyard picnic, which took place at Frogmore Cottage, was a "casual, intimate" celebration, a spokesperson for the Sussexes said. Attendees reportedly included Zara and Mike Tindall's three children, Mia, eight, Lena, three, and Lucas, one. The daughters of Peter Philips and Autumn Kelly, Savannah, 11, and Isla, 10, are also thought to have made an appearance.