Suspect will be viewers' next TV obsession as The Missing and Bloodlands actor James Nesbitt returns for this gripping series. The wait is almost over as the Channel 4 drama is just hours away from making its big debut. will Here's everything there is to know about Suspect. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Suspect on Channel 4? Suspect will be made up of eight episodes in total, starting on Sunday, June 19, at 9pm on Channel 4. Unlike other dramas, fans won't have to wait every week for its next instalment to come out. On June 19, the first two episodes are going to be shown with another two every night next week until it reaches its climax on Wednesday, June 22. The instalments will only be half hour long but showing two back-to-back still means Suspect is going to end at 10pm each evening. READ MORE: Stranger Things fans expose secret season 4 villain working with Vecna Veteran Detective Danny Frater (played by James Nesbitt) will get the shock of his life in the first episode of Suspect. During a visit to the hospital, he has to conduct a routine ID check on a young woman's body. Little does he know that it is in fact the body of his estranged daughter Christina (Imogen King), leaving him confused and heartbroken. The post-mortem explains she died by suicide but Danny doesn't believe this to be true and instead thinks someone killed her. Refusing to accept the pathologist's findings, Danny goes on a mission to find the truth. He retraces Christina's final days and soon discovers his daughter wasn't who he thought she was. During his investigation, Danny speaks to eight suspects who could have played a hand in her death. Each of the eight episodes focuses on a different person that Danny meets as he tries to piece together what really happened to Christina. DON'T MISS...Katherine Ryan opens up on cancel culture 'I don't worry about it' [EXPLAINER]Outlander’s Allan Christie star on ‘tough’ death scene [CAST]Emmerdale theory: Manpreet Sharma dead in 50th anniversary special  [THEORY] There will be just two actors in every instalment of Suspect, actor Nesbitt along with someone who was involved with his daughter in some way. Episode one is going to focus on Danny and the pathologist Jackie (Joely Richardson), whereas episode two is going to be Danny and Nicola (Niamh Algar) Christina's partner. Richardson is best known for The Tudors and Algar starred in Raised by Wolves. Fans are going to be excited to see a number of familiar faces throughout the drama. Later episodes in Suspect will feature The Good Doctor star Antonia Thomas as strip club manager Maia and Sex Education's Anne-Marie Duff as Danny's ex-wife Susannah. The likes of Doctor Who actor Sacha Dhawan will be seen as Jaisal/Jake while Outlander's Sam Heughan will play Ryan. Topping off the star-studded cast are Death in Paradise's Ben Miller as Richard and Withnail & I's Richard E Grant as Harry. Suspect starts on Sunday, June 19, at 9pm on Channel 4.