Tyson Fury has agreed to give Piers Morgan £1million if he performs a retirement U-turn and returns to boxing to potentially fight Anthony Joshua. The Gypsy King has confidently insisted he has permanently retired after a sensational knockout win over Dillian Whyte before 90,000 fans at Wembley Stadium in April. Earlier this week, he took to social media to seemingly price himself out of a fight, naming half a billion pounds as his price tag for a stunning return. And during Wednesday night's 'Piers Morgan Uncensored', Fury again confirmed that he was "finished" in professional boxing unless his astronomical demands were met. He said: "I put a ridiculous number on today. I said I'll come back for half a billy, half a billion pounds. That's £500million. If that's not ridiculous… I don't know what is! When that number is on the table, I would definitely look at it. Half a billy is half a billy." Morgan then asked Fury to hand him £1m if he decided to get in the ring again, which the heavyweight vowed to do, considering it would be a minuscule portion of his return payday. "If I am getting half a billion for my fight, it won't matter, will it? Yep, 100 per cent." JUST IN: Paris Fury slams Tyson's retirement vow 'He does what he wants!'  Despite his stance, rumours continue to swirl about Fury making a comeback to face the winner of Joshua's rematch against Oleksandr Usyk after his defeat in Tottenham last time out. But the 33-year-old has poured cold water on speculation and also ruled out exhibition fights. "No, you know, I don't care who wins the fight," Fury insisted. "I wish them both all the luck in the world. And then I told you I was done seven weeks ago. And then there's some talk of me having some exhibition fights, but to be honest with you, I can't see that coming off either. I've got no interest in fighting anymore… enough is enough for me." READ MORE: Fury demands £500m for retirement U-turn clash with Joshua  Fury's wife, Paris, is just as sceptical as Morgan over whether he is indeed finished in the boxing ring but wants him to retire permanently. "He says he's definitely quitting, and he's definitely finishing on top, but there's just still a glint in his eyes that I see," Paris explained. "I just don't know. I'd like him to retire." It seems like Fury has set his price and is happily retired, unbeaten in 33 fights, ending his storied career with a dominant display at Wembley. But money talks, and if an offer culminating up to £500m arrives, both Fury and Morgan could be in the money. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here