Royal author Andrew Morton said the odds Meghan and Harry are truly filming an at-home style docu-series for Netflix are "pretty slim". The biographer, who famously collaborated with the late Princess of Wales for the 1992 book Diana: Her True Story, said filming a similar programme would hugely intrude into the couple's privacy, something they have been fiercely trying to protect. Mr Morton also claimed people are more interested in Archie Harrison and Lilibet 'Lili' Diana than the Duke and Duchess themselves - but involving the children in the filming of this reported docu-series would cast the tots under a spotlight their parents want to shield them from. The royal commentator, author of the newly-released biography The Queen, told Express.co.uk when asked about the rumoured programme: "They can do what they want, they are not part of the Royal Family, they don't take any money from either the taxpayer or the Royal Family themselves." However, he added: "I doubt they are making a documentary because it would go against everything they have said about wanting a degree of privacy in their lives. "And quite frankly, people are less interested in Harry and Meghan and more interested in their kids. "So they are not going to film a story of their lives without involving their children, and the one thing they are trying and done manfully over the past months is to keep their children out of the public eye. "So on that basis, I'd say the odds of them working on a documentary about their lives are pretty slim." Prince Harry and Meghan are more likely to focus their Netflix products on their charity work and the "drama" behind organising major projects such as the Invictus Games, Mr Morton said. He said: "I am sure they are filming with regards to the Invictus Games, and it could well be behind the scenes meetings, events, and so on or the drama behind putting on a big event like this one." READ MORE: Kate blows a kiss for cheeky Prince Louis after his Jubilee antics Last month, Page Six reported claims Meghan and Harry were creating an "at-home with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex-style" docu-series. The publication also reported that while Netflix would like the series to come out alongside Harry's memoir, expected to be released in late 2022, the Sussex camp would prefer it to air next year. The news outlet then claimed Meghan and Harry have been followed around by cameras and were spotted wearing microphones while in New York City in September last year, during which they met with the city's Mayor Bill De Blasio as well as UN officials among other leading personalities. Both the Sussexes and Netflix have remained tight-lipped following the report regarding the docu-series. Meghan and Harry signed a multi-year deal with the streaming giant in 2020, after they officially stepped down as full-time working members of the Firm. They have since announced the production of two series - Heart of Invictus and Pearl. Pear, which counted the Duchess as one of its executive producers, has been scrapped earlier this year as part of a wider cost-cutting move by Netflix, which has been hit by a loss of subscribers in 2022. The creation of Heart of Invictus, on the other hand, is believed to be well underway. The docu-series will focus on "a group of extraordinary Invictus Games competitors from around the globe" preparing for The Hague 2020 games, which took place two months ago, according to a statement released by Meghan and Harry's organisation Archewell in April 2021. Upon announcing the series, the Duke - who is also the founding patron of the Games - said: "Since the very first Invictus Games back in 2014, we knew that each competitor would contribute in their own exceptional way to a mosaic of resilience, determination, and resolve. "This series will give communities around the world a window into the moving and uplifting stories of these competitors on their path to the Netherlands next year. "As Archewell Productions’ first series with Netflix, in partnership with The Invictus Games Foundation, I couldn’t be more excited for the journey ahead or prouder of the Invictus community for continuously inspiring global healing, human potential and continued service." Meghan and Harry were last seen in public on late Sunday, after they returned to California following a brief trip to the UK to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. During their stay in the UK, the Duke and Duchess watched the Trooping the Colour parade from the Major General's Office overlooking Horse Guards Parade alongside other members of the Firm. And they attended the national service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. They spent last Saturday privately celebrating the first birthday of their daughter with close friends and family.