The daughter of Princess Anne and granddaughter of the Queen tied the knot with former rugby union player Mike Tindall in 2011. Together, they have three children, Mia, eight, Lena, three, and baby Lucas, one. But even after all these years, the adorable couple are in love just like their first days, a body language expert claims. Darren Stanton, speaking at Hello magazine, said: "There’s no denying that Mike and Zara Tindall have a very close relationship.” Zara and Mike Tindall joined other members of the royal family at Royal Ascot today, and they looked stunning among the crowd as they were holding each other’s arms. The gesture and the way that Zara was leaning toward her husband, gripping him tight, showed that Mike makes her a happy woman, according to the expert. Mr Stanton said: “They were pictured with Zara placing her arm through her husband’s arm and she’s gripping on tight. "While such a gesture could be seen in a negative way and a need for reassurance from Zara, the genuineness of her emotions here and the true happiness she is displaying suggests the opposite." The couple is seen in the eyes of fans as a “team”, while Mike Tindall evidently enjoys being a member of the royal family. Mike Tindall, 43, is a cherished member of the royal family and often delights fans when he takes part in high-level public engagements alongside his wife and her relatives. READ MORE: Mike Tindall's CLOSE bond and hugs for royal family The expert noted: "Zara’s grip on Mike’s arm is unconsciously saying they are very much a strong team. “While Mike’s smile is more subtle than his wife’s, it’s clear he is still enjoying the adulation and he appears more than comfortable to be front and centre representing the Royal family." The strong bond between the pair is clearly demonstrated by their posture during their joint appearances, according to Mr Stanton. He explained: "You’ll notice that the couple’s posture matches and mirrors each other and there’s an obvious deep rapport between Zara and Mike, with the duo often turning their bodies inwards towards each other.” Finally, the expert concluded: "There is a noticeable closeness between them, even when they are not physically touching, demonstrating that the pair have a strong connection and are more than happy to be in each other’s personal space, even when in public. “It’s clear to see they are a couple who thrive in each other’s company and are very much in love."