Manchester United's hopes of bringing Christopher Nkunku to Old Trafford appear to have taken a major hit, with the 24-year-old set to sign a new contract at RB Leipzig in the near future, according to reports. The Red Devils are widely expected to spend heavily over the course of this summer as Erik ten Hag looks to rebuild his playing squad between now and the start of the new Premier League season. United have recently been credited with a desire to land Nkunku, who has emerged as one of Europe's brightest talents during his time at Leipzig. However, it seems as though any move for his services will be forced to wait, with the player set to extend his stay in the Bundesliga over the coming weeks.Thursday's print edition of Kicker, as reported by GGFN, claims that Nkunku is poised to sign a new and improved deal at Leipzig that could be set to ward off any potential suitors. His proposed contract will include a welcome pay rise and a new release clause, which is believed to be in excess of £51million and will come into effect in 2023.It is also said that Leipzig will not allow Nkunku to leave the club under any circumstances before the start of next season due to his importance to their plans for the upcoming campaign. The situation is likely to mean that United will be forced to switch their focus onto their other targets in order to improve their attacking ranks over the coming weeks and months. JUST IN: Man Utd could block Arsenal or Tottenham signing Raphinha Nkunku has established himself as Leipzig's main man in recent years and led the charge with an impressive tally of 35 goals in all competitions over the course of last season. A move to United appears to be out of the question for now, though, in spite of the club's reported interest in snapping him up before the Premier League gets back underway in early August.United have been linked with a number of other exciting attackers over the last few weeks but it remains to be seen whether they will eventually be able to improve their forward line before the end of the summer transfer window. Former England ace Trevor Sinclair recently claimed that United would not be in this position if they had managed to sign Manchester City new boy Erling Haaland back in 2020 rather than pulling out due to their refusal to meet the demands of his agent. Sinclair told talkSPORT: "Who can afford not to have a player like Haaland for three years and then sell him for three times the money, if he wants to go?"I would’ve taken him, sold the club to him, make sure he understands the project, and he wants to be at the football club and wants to stay. I think that was a bit of arrogance by Manchester United because they’re a big club, they’ve said: ‘We’re not accepting that’." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here