Anthony Joshua and Oleksandr Usyk refused to break eye contact when the pair faced off at their second press conference on Wednesday in London. The intense stare-down lasted for two minutes as promoter Eddie Hearn was forced to block both men's eyes in order to get them to look away and pose for photos.  When both men came face-to-face in Saudi Arabia during their promotional event, it was Joshua who looked away first as Usyk continued to side-eye the Brit. With that likely in mind, AJ maintained an intense stare until it was broken up by Hearn. Tensions were evident on AJ's side, who has a lot to prove after dropping his belts to the Ukrainian in September. When asked whether he is 'desperate' to regain his titles, Joshua responded: “I’m definitely desperate to get my hands on [the titles]. Less talk, more action. Let me get in there and do my job. I’m not a comedian, I’m not someone who writes speeches. I’m definitely hungry, definitely desperate, but at the end of the day, how I perform will speak volumes to the masses.” Earlier in the press conference, Hearn asked Joshua whether he knew knows what he needs to beat Usyk, to which AJ responded: “I could say that, but I didn’t come out victorious last time. But 12 rounds in the bank is good, good footage to watch, but every fight is different. No matter how many videos you’ve watched, how many stare-downs you’ve had, no matter how many press conferences you’ve done, it’s just completely different in the ring.  “12 rounds is good, but you can’t take too much away from it. You’ve got to be in the moment; what happened then is in the past, I don’t really live in the past. I’ll be looking forward to competing round by round. If I follow my As, Bs and Cs, it should lead me to KO.” In the same vein, Usyk said: “I do understand that he’s gonna be different, so will I.” MORE BOXING NEWS... KSI and Logan Paul explain why trilogy fight unlikely Paul reacts to 'scared' Fury being denied entry to US Tommy Fury denied entry to US as Jake Paul fight under major threat “Everything I do in my life, I’m enjoying. I’m not fighting for money or recognition – I don’t need this. I don’t need to become the greatest, I’m just doing my job now and will continue doing it as long as my heart is beating. The only thing I’m on my way to is to save my soul. Everything else is just life.” Joshua and Usyk will square off for a second time on August 20 at the Jeddah Superdome in Saudi Arabia. Usyk will be defending the WBA ‘super’, IBF, and WBO titles for the first time since winning them from Joshua last year. The fight will be broadcast live on DAZN PPV. A full undercard is yet to be disclosed.