Fleetwood Mac star Brett Tuggle has died from cancer at the age of 70, his family has announced. He played keyboard on stage with the legendary band as well as David Lee Roth. His son and daughter, Michelle and Matt, paid tribute to their beloved father. “He was loved by his family so much,” Matt told Rolling Stone. “His family was with him throughout the entire time of his illness. “He was a lovely father. He gave me music in my life.” READ MORE: Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux Fellow musician Rick Springfield also penned a heartfelt post about Brett. "Our sweet Brett Tuggle made it home tonight,” he tweeted. “God bless his beautiful spirit. @BrettTuggle1.” Brett had joined Rick’s band in 1982 while working as a keyboardist for John Kay & Steppenwolf. He also played keyboards with David Lee Roth in his post-Van Halen career from 1986-1994 and briefly returned in 1997. In 1988, Brett helped write his top 10 hit single Just Like Paradisewith Roth. In 1992, Brett was invited by Mick Fleetwood to be a member of the band The Zoo, and he also toured with Steve Lukather from Toto. Many of Brett’s fans have paid tribute on social media following the sad news. DON'T MISS...Jeff Goldblum, 69, steps out with young wife Emilie Livingston, 39 [PICTURES] John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning [VIDEO]Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [INSIGHT] Danielle wrote: “Really sad to hear about Brett Tuggle’s passing. “Spent quite a bit of time with him during my Stevie days. I’m glad we reconnected before the pandemic. “Big loss for the extended Fleetwood Mac family. Rest In Peace, Tuggs”. Becky added: “So sad [crying face]. So sorry won’t be seeing him again performing with Lindsey loved him God Bless his wife and family. “Was very glad to see him perform in December 2021, at the Ace Theater downtown LA. “RIP Brett Tuggle we will miss you and up on stage performing”. Lyndsay wrote: "Sad to hear the passing of Brett Tuggle. You were an amazing musician, a friendly dude & amazing human. "Always a smile & a sparkle in your eye. I didn't think Dec would be the last I would see you jamming away. The years have been beautiful to see you on tour. You'll be missed."