Suspect is Channel 4's latest drama where Detective Danny Frater (played by James Nesbitt) will have the biggest shock of his life while at work. The eight-part series premieres on Sunday, June 19, with a new half-hour instalment coming out every week. Here's everything there is to know about the cast of Suspect. Detective Danny Frater visits the hospital mortuary for a routine ID check when he sees that the body lying on the slab is that of his estranged daughter Christina. The autopsy says that she died of suicide but Danny is convinced Christina was murdered and so goes in search of her killer. Actor James Nesbitt rose to fame in ITV's Cold Feet as Adam Williams in 1997 which made a comeback in 2016. Since then, Nesbitt has gone on to star in Bloodlands, Stay Close, Line of Duty, The Missing and Babylon. READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen Carrying out the post-mortem on his daughter Christina is pathologist Jackie Sowden. Actor Joely Richardson is best known for her roles as Julia McNamara in FX drama Nip/Tuck and Queen Catherine Parr in Showtime's The Tudors. Some of her other work has included 101 Dalmatians, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, Emerald City, The Rook and The Turning. In terms of future roles, Richardson is going to be in The Lost Girls, The Sandman and Lady Chatterley's Lover. Actress Anne-Marie Duff's biggest part to date has been as Fiona Gallagher in Channel 4's Shameless for nine years. In recent years, Duff has starred in some major series such as His Dark Materials, Watership Down, The Salisbury Poisonings and Netflix's Sex Education. Going by her IMDb page, Duff will also be featured in the new Bad Sisters dark comedy on Apple TV+. She will be portraying Danny's ex-wife and Christina's mum in Suspect. DON'T MISS...SEAL Team’s Max Thieriot’s status confirmed after landing new role [CAST]The Boys’ Tomer Capone pays tribute to Kimiko fight scene [TRIBUTE]Sherwood fans blast 'awkward' scene 'Do we really need to see this?' [REACTION] Business mogul Harry Carr will be played by actor and presenter Richard E Grant in the Channel 4 series. Since the 1980s, Grant has been in The Legends of Treasure Island, Posh Nosh, The Iron Lady, Downton Abbey, Jekyll and Hyde, Hang Ups, Loki and Tuca & Bertie, just to name a few. There are a couple of other projects in the pipeline for the 65-year-old actor as well. He will be featured in the film The Tutor and drama The Guinea Pig Club. There will also be various guest stars appearing in Suspect over the course of the eight episodes. Two of these will be The Virtues actress Niamh Algar who will play Christina's partner and The Good Doctor's Antonia Thomas as lap-dancing club manager Maia. Other actors include Death in Paradise's Ben Miller, Outlander's Sam Heughan and Line of Duty's Sacha Dhawan. Suspect premieres on Sunday, June 19, at 9pm on Channel 4.