The vessel went adrift in the River Hull near Beverley, East Yorkshire, this morning and shocked witnesses called police and the coastguard rescue team. The boat's position is similar to that of the enormous cargo ship Ever Given, which blocked the Suez Canal for six days last year. Authorities contacted the owner and found the boat, which had become stuck on a meander of the river in lowlands between Beverley and Hull itself. But the coastguard team was unable to move it, Hull Live reports. A Hull Coastguard Rescue Team spokesman said: "Paged to investigate reports of a vessel drifting unattended on the River Hull near Weel. After speaking with Humberside Police, the vessel was located and was found to be stuck fast across the river. "With nothing further that could be done on scene, the incident was left with the MRCC (Maritime Rescue Co-ordination Centre) to contact the owner and arrange to have the vessel towed and moored. The team stood down and returned to station."  There is no suggestion that anyone has been harmed either prior to the boat drifting or afterwards. River Hull runs south from the meander through the port city itself and into the Humber Estuary. It starts at its source near Driffield, East Yorkshire, before flowing through rural parts of the county and into Humberside. During the 18th and 19th centuries, the waterway was an important route for transporting cargo, such as coal, bricks, wheat and other trade. In March last year, the Suez Canal, vital for 10 per cent of world trade, was blocked for six days by the Ever Given, a 20,000-tonne container ship. The supertanker, which is the length of four football pitches, was travelling from Tanjung Pelepas, Malaysia, to Rotterdam, Netherlands in a convoy of vessels. While sailing through the Suez Canal, the Ever Given was caught in a sandstorm, with winds of up to 74km/h (40knots, 45.9mph). These winds caused the "loss of the ability to steer the ship" and the hull deviated, causing the supertanker to run aground. 