British tourists have faced long queues and flight cancellations at major UK airports this half-term. The industry is struggling with staff shortages. The airline preemptively cancelled over 200 flights in half-term so some passengers did receive notice, although others faced last-minute cancellations. READ MORE: 'Put handbrake on!' One of world's biggest cruise liners crashes British Airways said all passengers were given advance notice of the cancellations and some were cancelled weeks ago. British tourists have a right to be offered a seat on another flight to their destination on their intended day of travel if one is available. This is the case even if the only available seat is on a rival airline. Britons should also receive cash compensation if they weren’t given enough notice of the cancellation and it was the airline’s fault. Passengers have faced chaotic scenes at UK airports this week with long queues at Manchester, Bristol and Gatwick. Airlines and airports are struggling to cope with critical staff shortages as the peak travel season heats up. Travel expert and CEO of the PC Agency, Paul Charles, told Express.co.uk: “I’m afraid that some of these issues will continue into July as it’s taking a long time for airports and airlines to recruit the required number of people. “Shortages of staff are creating bottlenecks in security channels at airports as well as leading to flight cancellations due to lack of flight crew. “Slow Government processing of mandatory security passes, for new starters, is adding to the delays in getting enough resources in the right areas. “All of this is compounded by there simply being fewer people available to recruit. “There has been a shrinking of the workforce, either put off by wages being too low or attracted by higher-paying jobs in Europe, giving people no incentive to come to the UK.” Travel expert Simon Calder told British tourists to “make a serious fuss” if they are stuck in a long security queue. Grant Shapps, Transport Secretary, said: "We’re grateful to those airlines and operators who have continued to deliver good services despite the current pressures and we recognise that not all operators have been affected in the same way. “I also understand the resourcing strains on the aviation sector but it does not excuse poor planning and overbooking flights that they cannot service. The companies who have seen the most disruption need to learn from those who ran services smoothly. “We will continue to monitor the situation closely to make sure consumers don’t lose out from any further disruption.” 