Pau Torres' previous comments about Champions League football could give Tottenham Hotspur a crucial edge over Manchester United in the summer transfer window. Villarreal expect the 25-year-old club icon to depart amid heavyweight interest, and a switch to the Premier League has long been touted. According to Sky Italia, Tottenham have joined United's interest in Torres and commenced discussions over a summer move. Spurs are looking to include Giovani Lo Celso in a potential deal after spending the second half of last season at the Estadio de la Ceramica. Both Antonio Conte and Erik ten Hag are understood to want to recruit a left-sided centre-back in their first summer transfer windows at their respective clubs. And Spurs are set to return for Torres, who rejected a switch to north London last summer after Villarreal received a £50m offer. In an interview, the Spain international cited his desire to play Champions League football as the reason he rejected Spurs' approach. He said: "The pull of playing the Champions League with the team from my town was bigger. JUST IN: Newcastle close to first summer transfer after Ashworth decision "I was clear from the start. This is only the fourth time Villarreal reached the Champions League, which shows how hard it is, and it was a dream to play in the competition with my lifelong club. The president didn't put pressure on me, even though they could make a lot of money. He always said 'the decision's yours', that he'd respect it. I appreciate that." Torres' decision was ultimately justified after he enjoyed a run to the semi-finals, knocking out Juventus and Bayern Munich on the way. This summer, his past stance could be bad news for United's aspirations and work in Tottenham's favour this time around. READ MORE: Liverpool receive Gakpo transfer boost as Reds hunt Mane replacement After another stellar season at San Siro, both clubs have also been linked with Inter Milan's Alessandro Bastoni. And reports claim the 23-year-old would prefer a reunion with Conte, even going as far as informing Inter of his desire to join Spurs. United will hope their absence from Champions League football won't have a detrimental effect on their transfer hopes. But if Bastoni remains in Italy and Spurs go all-in on Torres, the Red Devils could be facing an uphill battle to secure Ten Hag the targets he wants. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.