Losing weight can be hard but Dr Michael Mosley has helped thousands achieve their weight goals through his own dieting techniques such as the Fast 800 Diet. There's one piece of advice he swears by for those wanting to shift the pounds fast. The TV doctor revealed there's one food group people should be eating more of to "promote rapid weight loss", and that's protein. He practices what he preaches, as the Fast 800 Diet involves eating 800 calories a day in the form of foods that are consumed within a low-carb Mediterranean diet in order to feel full. Dr Mosley has explained the foods should be protein-rich, as well as being high in fibre and healthy fats. If following this weight loss technique, Dr Michael Mosley recommends that adults consume at least 60g of protein daily. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake If a person is wanting to burn fat fast, he suggests they up their protein intake. He also claims that those who eat less than the recommended amount of protein could be harming their metabolic rate. He said: "Your body will cannibalise your muscles and your metabolic rate will go down." The expert added: "It’s really important to have a decent amount of protein, which is 50-70g a day. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "You can mainly get protein from meat or from fish, and you can also get it from legumes, but you have to eat rather more." According to Healthline, a protein-rich diet helps to boost the metabolism as well as lead to an automatic reduction in calorie intake and cravings. This is because high-protein foods help to suppress appetite, keeping slimmers fuller for longer. Other examples of protein-rich foods include: Eggs Almonds Chicken breast Lean beef Greek yoghurt Tofu Cottage cheese Lentils Spinach Fish Quinoa "The reason for protein is you need it for your muscle," Dr Mosley said, revealing the Fast 800 Diet also includes protein shakes or protein bars to help them increase their intake of the macronutrient. "We do have meal replacement shakes which are very rich in protein, and we’re also aiming to produce protein boosters, to help people who might otherwise struggle with it," he said. While protein can help slimmers lose weight, it is also an important macronutrient for building muscle. The expert added: “The reason for protein is you need it for your muscle. "If you do a safe and effective rapid weight loss diet, two to three years down the road you'll keep most of that weight off."