William is said to be mourning the collapse of his relationship with Harry with friends of the Duke of Cambridge warning there is little chance of reparation in the foreseeable future. Sources claim that the royal brothers are at “rock bottom” with “little chance of improvement”. An anonymous source told the Daily Mail: “[William] alternates between grieving for what he has lost and feeling really, really angry about what his brother has done.” READ MORE: 'Desperate for approval' Prince Harry urged to 'stop giving interviews' They added: “He truly loves Harry and feels he has lost the only person, aside from his wife, who understood this strange life of theirs. “But he believes there are things you just don’t do. And Harry has 100 percent crossed that line.” A friend also said that William believes his brother has “disrespected the Queen and their family”. As a result of William’s “anger” Express.co.uk asked readers whether they thought Harry should apologise to mend their relationship. In a poll that ran from midday on Saturday, June 18, to 6pm on Thursday, June 23, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Prince Harry apologise and fix his relationship with 'angry' William?” From the 6,501 votes cast a strong 80 percent (5,188 people) said “yes”, Harry should apologise and mend his relationship with William. Meanwhile, 17 percent (1,138 people) answered “no”, he should not apologise while three percent (175 people) said they did not know either way. Dozens of readers shared their thoughts on Harry and William’s relationship in the comments section below the accompanying article. Many readers commented that Harry should apologise to William but that the trust between the brothers was not able to be fixed. One reader,  username SueGWarks wrote: “I think too much damage has been done and Harry has lost the trust of the Royal Family. It would be nice if they could but not likely.” Username grimm6 said: “Any apology would make no difference. There is NO trust there any more.” And username Pawspal said: “It's too late, the trust is now gone. I can understand William mourning the old Harry, but that Harry is lost to us now.” Another reader, username Audumla, said: “They both need to apologise but forgiving and forgetting what they did are two different things. “I don't think that even if they apologised they could be trusted again.” Others argued that the rift between the brothers was too deep for them to make amends. The royal feud between Harry and William allegedly began when William expressed concerns over his brother’s fast-developing relationship with Meghan Markle. The Duke of Cambride is said to have advised Harry to “slow it down” emphasising that it was important for him to make the “right choice”. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry forced Charles to shelve plans to 'marginalise' siblings [VIDEO]Royal POLL: Should William invite Harry and Meghan to his birthday party this summer? [VOTE]Prince Harry and Meghan to cause new headache for William over next visit 'Has an issue' [INSIGHT] Username jewells wrote: “No Harry shouldn't apologise. It's gone way beyond REPAIRABLE.” And username Elite said: “Whether they should or shouldn’t make up is down to them and nobody else. “However, I can’t see it happening as the rift is too deep and trust has been well and truly broken – that is something there is no coming back from.” Meanwhile, username Bookaire said: “The best thing Harry can do for HRH Prince William is to stay away from him.”