Tottenham are reportedly 'still pushing’ to sign Alessandro Bastoni and have been given fresh hope of a deal by Inter Milan's president. Beppe Marotta has revealed that it is easier to sell defenders than strikers in a move that could see Spurs revisit their Bastoni interest. The North Londoners are keen to sign the Italian but appeared to have a rule moved out by his agent. Tullio Tinti told journalists earlier this month: “He is certainly a big fan of the team he plays for, so he will happily remain at Inter. However, he is also a professional. “This is football and he has to adjust. It’s clear he is very happy to play for Inter and feels this jersey like a tattoo on his skin.” The quotes appeared to put a dent in Spurs’ chances of signing Bastoni but they could reprise their interest after Inter president Marotta flirted with the idea of signing a defender. The Italian side need to raise funds - just like they did last season when they sold Romelu Lukaku and Achraf Hakimi for big fees. JUST IN: Man Utd now look like Eriksen frontrunners after positive twist "It’s certainly easier to replace a centre-back than a striker. Probably we will be forced to sell someone in that position,” Marotta told Radio Rai. Sky Sports report that Spurs are still making moves to acquire Bastoni this summer. Antonio Conte is keen to sign a new left-footed centre-back to play in his back three, and the 23-year-old fits the profile. Bastoni played 74 times under Conte when the Italian was head coach at Inter. The pair won Serie A together before the 52-year-old quit in the summer of 2021. DON'T MISS...Leeds encounter transfer complication as Marsch eyes his own SanchoArsenal signing Matt Turner endears himself to fans via Tottenham snubMan Utd could rob Rooney of protege as Red Devils 'very much in hunt' Inter need to shift players from their wage bill and raise vital funds for transfers. It will help their pursuit of former striker Lukaku, who has been linked with a loan move back to the club from Chelsea. Meanwhile, Spurs are keen to continue adding to Conte’s squad as he prepares for the club’s first Champions League campaign since 2019-20. The North Londoners pipped fierce rivals Arsenal to the Premier League’s fourth place in the final weeks of the campaign. Spurs are emerging as one of the top-flight’s busiest clubs in the summer transfer window, with Conte already welcoming three new stars. Back-up goalkeeper Fraser Forster and former Inter ace Ivan Perisic have been signed on free transfers, while Yves Bissouma was acquired from Brighton in a deal worth around £30m. Conte will now target defensive reinforcements, with a pair of wing-backs believed to be on his wish list. Bastoni could still arrive to play at centre-back. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 