Virginia Giuffre is due to provide a victim impact statement when the convicted child sex trafficker learns her fate in a New York court tomorrow. Seven alleged victims asked to speak, as Maxwell faces up to 55 years in prison. Judge Alison Nathan agreed requests from Ms Guiffre, Annie Farmer and a woman known as Kate. In regards to the impact statements of Maria Farmer, Sarah Ransome, Teresa Helm and Juliette Bryan, Judge Nathan approved the use of their written submissions. Maxwell, 60, was convicted of luring vulnerable young girls to massage rooms for financier Jeffrey Epstein to molest, between 1994 and 2004. The socialite was found guilty of sex trafficking minors, conspiracy to entice a minor to travel to engage in illegal sex acts and conspiracy to transport a minor with the intent to engage in criminal sexual activity. Maxwell was also convicted of transporting a minor with intent to engage in sexual activity and conspiracy to commit trafficking of minors. Her lawyers tried to delay sentencing, saying she was on “suicide watch” and was “not permitted to possess and review legal documents”. They had previously asked for a retrial after it emerged that one juror at her hearing had failed to disclose he was a victim of sexual abuse, but her conviction was upheld. Despite not being part of the indictment, Ms Giuffre was mentioned in the trial. The Duke of York has always strenuously denied her allegations that she was forced to have sex with him three times at the behest of Epstein and Maxwell. In their sentencing submissions, prosecutors urged Judge Nathan to hand down a jail term of between 30 and 55 years. The court had heard how Maxwell had imposed a “culture of silence... by design” at Epstein’s properties, where the staff were told to “see nothing, hear nothing and say nothing”. One of her accusers, who testified under the pseudonym Jane, told jurors that as well as luring her to an orgy when she was aged 14, giggling Maxwell and Epstein would fondle each other in front of her. She also told the jury how Epstein would use sex aids on her “even though it hurt” – but Jane said she did not tell anyone about the abuse because she was “terrified” and “felt gross and ashamed”. Maxwell’s trial also heard how she told another accuser, who testified under the pseudonym Carolyn, that she had a “great body for Epstein and his friends”. Carolyn said Maxwell touched her breasts in Epstein’s massage room, saying she had a “great body type”. Jurors also heard how Carolyn had been introduced to the predatory pair through Ms Giuffre, and that she had been in the same room while Epstein and Ms Giuffre had sex. The third accuser, who testified under the pseudonym Kate, said she had schoolgirl clothes laid out for her by Maxwell before a sexualised massage with Epstein. Kate said Maxwell then told her to take Epstein his tea while wearing the outfit. When asked why the clothing was on her bed, Maxwell said she “thought it would be fun”. The jury was told that Maxwell asked Kate if she knew of anyone who could visit her house and perform a sex act on Epstein because it was “a lot for her to do”. The only accuser to testify under her full name, Annie Farmer, told jurors she was left “frozen” when the socialite asked her to undress for a massage and rubbed her breasts. Ms Farmer said Maxwell encouraged her to have a massage after teaching her how to rub Epstein’s feet when she was aged 16. Maxwell’s defence team had attempted to distance her from Epstein – but a series of photographs showed the close relationship that the pair had. Epstein was found dead in his cell at a federal jail in Manhattan in August 2019 while he awaited trial on sex trafficking charges. The death was ruled a suicide.