On Tuesday, Wednesday and Friday, thousands of transport workers will walk out as part of industrial action by The National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers (RMT). National Rail has warned passengers of severe disruptions throughout the week. Although not every rail operator's staff are striking, the majority are set to be hit by some form of delay or cancellation due to a knock-on effect from the absence of other rail workers. Most rail companies are offering compensation for strike action. If you do have tickets for a cancelled service, you should check directly with your rail operator to find out their specific terms and conditions. READ MORE: 'Screaming’ woman demands neighbour gets rid of elderly dogs According to National Rail, tickets for strike days can be used the day before the date on the ticket, or up to Tuesday, June 28. However, this does not include season tickets. Some rail companies are offering compensation via the Delay Repay scheme. Through this scheme, passengers are entitled to a payout regardless of the reason for the train delay. The payout goes up in increments depending on how long you were delayed from your original arrival time. Alternatively, some companies may offer their own compensation scheme. According to Money Saving Expert, the majority of rail operators will pay some form of compensation or refund due to strike action, though this does not include TfL. DON'T MISSNewsnight: Mick Lynch accuses Tories of ‘hype and fantasy’ [COMMENT]Rail strike schedule: All train services affected - full list [EXPLAINER]Tube strike schedule: All you need to know about industrial action [INSIGHT] Season ticket holders may be able to claim money back for individual delays but, once again, this varies depending on the operator your season ticket is with. Trainline is also offering refunds to passengers who have booked via the platform. It said: "If you’ve booked with us and your train has been cancelled or rescheduled, you will be entitled to a fee-free refund if you choose not to travel, or you can rearrange your trip without a fee. "If your train is unaffected by the strikes but your plans have changed, an admin fee may apply. You can check individual train operator updates further down the page. "If you're a Season Ticket holder (monthly or longer), you can claim 100 percent compensation through Delay Repay for strike days. "You'll need to claim this directly via the train operator your Season Ticket is for." The process of claiming a payout for your delayed or cancelled train varies between rail operators. In order to find out the rules that apply to your situation, visit the train company's website and work out how far off the originally planned schedule your train was. Make a note of the delay or cancellation and the reason for it. Be sure to hold onto your tickets, whether they were paper or digital, and take a photograph as evidence. Most operators will have a claims form you can fill in online. You can often also request a claims form by telephone or from your local train station. Make sure you apply within 28 days.