Mark Rylance has announced that he has pulled out of upcoming shows of Jerusalem following the death of his brother, Jonathan Waters. The theatre star, 62, told how he needed to attend his brother's funeral in California, after he was tragically killed in a cycling accident. In a statement made from the show's Twitter account, the star explained why the performances have been cancelled. It read: "I am so sorry to tell you that on 28 May my dear brother Jonathan Waters was knocked from his bicycle and tragically died of his injuries. "In order to attend his funeral in California, I unfortunately have to miss three performances of Jerusalem over Saturday 11 - Sunday 12 June. "As I have no understudy as Rooster Johnny Byron, sadly these performances have been cancelled. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman ‘willing to mud wrestle’ Susanna Reid over Rob Rinder  "Sonia Friedman Productions, together with Nimax, are arranging additional performances at the end of the scheduled run to try and accommodate everyone who will be affected. "I hope you understand my need to grieve my beloved brother, and thank you for your support at this time. "I hope you will be able to attend another performance of Jerusalem" he penned before signing off. Mark's younger brother, Jonathan, was tragically killed last month.  The 60 year old sommelier was cycling in Oakland, California, when he was hit by a vehicle. He suffered head injuries and died the day after. Mark's sister, Susanna Waters, took to Instagram to pen a moving tribute to their brother. She wrote: "Even meeting him a few times, people immediately felt they were his friend. DON'T MISS...Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen splits from husband Clive [UPDATE]Emma Thompson, 63, is elegant in white trouser suit at film festival [INSIGHT]Bridgerton's Simone Ashley stuns as she puts on busty display in gown [ANALYSIS] "He lived a brave, true real life, and affected so many people in a positive way. "The pain will ease but the joy he gave me, and Fed and our kids, and so many others is a part of us all for ever," she added. Following the announcement on Twitter, theatre fans were quick to offer their condolences. Twitter user @gracermainwari1 wrote: "How horrific, sending thoughts to Mark Rylance and his family at this time. "It would be completely understandable if he chooses not to perform for much longer." @SueAllan2 added: "How very sad. Condolences to Mark Rylance. "Having seen Jerusalem the first time round, there is simply no-one who could understudy Mr Rylance's performance. "If I had tickets for these dates, I would definitely prefer to wait. His performance cannot be equalled," she finished.