World heavyweight champion Tyson Fury is known for his extravagant spending. The Gypsy King, who has an estimated net worth of £120m, recently added two Rolls-Royce Phantom Series II cars, which are valued at over £350,000 each, to his collection which already includes multiple Ferraris. There have been plenty of outlandish purchases over the years from the boxing superstar as his £1.7m Morecambe family home continues to be filled with expensive items. From spending £1,200 on a coffee grinder to £20,000 on a new dog, Fury’s spending may not quite be on the same level as cash-burning Floyd ‘Money’ Mayweather, but it is not far off. And here Express Sport gives you four of his most eye-watering pickups to date. £1,200 on a coffee grinder Fury spent a staggering $1,500 (around £1,200) last year on a special coffee grinder ahead of his third fight with Deontay Wilder, which fuelled him and his team during training camp. The lineal champion is reportedly a big fan of the brewed drink and according to personal chef George Lockhart he drinks coffee with his team every morning in camp. Lockhart, speaking to leading coffee retailer Coffee Friend, said: "Coffee absolutely helps Tyson Fury in his preparations, 100 percent. Tyson uses it for performance and for a social thing. Every morning when the guys get up, everyone in the team has a cup of coffee.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Inoue has house broken into just hours after Donaire victory Fury issues retirement update after Arum hints at Joshua or Usyk next Joshua told how to beat Usyk as rematch date 'on brink' £20,000 on a Rottweiler protection dog The second notable purchase is his recent acquisition of a new Rottweiler protection dog, suitably named Cash. Fury forked out £20,000 on the pedigree pooch in the hopes of keeping his family safe after a recent series of raids on the houses of sports stars Mark Cavendish, Reece James, and Jack Grealish. In a recent Instagram post, the lineal champion posted a photo of his canine friend on Instagram with the caption: "Welcome to the team," and added a video of him taking the dog for a run along the Morecambe seafront with his dad John and half-brother Tommy. £768,000 on two Rolls-Royces Fury is a big fan of Rolls-Royce cars and recently purchased two Phantom Series IIs which are priced at £384,000 each. The supercars are the perfect addition to an already vast and varied car collection which includes a G-Wagon, a classic Mini Cooper, a Range Rover, and a multiple Ferraris - totalling £1.3million. Multiple mansions worth over £7m Tyson, his wife Paris, and their six children made the switch from their £550,000 house overlooking Morecambe Bay to their new luxury mansion worth an estimated £1.7m around October last year. Fury is also the proud owner of a £6 million mansion in Marbella and a pricey Las Vegas pad that has not had its value openly disclosed.