Number spoofing is a heartless scam which allows Britons to be deceived by criminals pretending to be popular organisations such as the bank or Royal Mail. On BBC’s Dirty Rotten Scammers, Millie, a dog trainer from Sussex, fell victim to this devastating scam. As well as opening her own dog training company, Millie has competed with her own dog before. During the pandemic, she got a text from what she thought to be 02. The text claimed they had not processed her latest bill and directed her to click the link provided to enter her details again. As the 02 website the link directed her to seemed realistic, Millie entered in her personal details. A few days later she received a phone call from who she thought was someone at the HSBC fraud team. They told her that someone had tried to take out a direct debit on her card. READ MORE: PIP could boost your Universal Credit or legacy benefit payments - are you eligible? “They took that and I think about £22,500 in total in the end.” Millie was oblivious to what had happened until she received a text from her bank that her account was overdrawn. She rang the bank immediately and began asking questioning them especially after their conversation yesterday. Millie continued: “They said, ‘it wasn’t us’ and then it clicked. “I just burst into tears. I just sobbed and thought, ‘Oh no what am I going to do?’” Millie had been cleared out and was penniless. She had to borrow money from her mum but due to social distancing it was hard. She added: “I had to go to mum's house just to get cash so I can buy food and she couldn’t hug me. That was awful. “I’m in her driveway sobbing and she can’t even hug me because of social distancing rules. “It was quite traumatic because you couldn’t talk to anybody or see anyone.” David Callington, head of fraud at HSBC suggested some key things that Britons can do to avoid falling victim to this scam. He said: “If you’ve got concerns, just phone us back on the number at the back of the card. “Leave it 10 minutes or phone back using a different number. “If somebody is phoning you, and asking you to move money to a safe account, or asking you to give out a one time passcode to access your online banking or make an online payment, that’s not the bank. “Hang up straight away. Banks will never do that.“ Dirty Rotten Scammers is available on BBC iPlayer.