Heather Mills made a candid admission as the former model opened up about her life in a recent interview. Paul McCartney's ex-wife revealed she has dealt with her own personal struggles as she touched on her childhood. Opening up in a candid discussion, the 54-year-old discussed overcoming adversity during her childhood. The business owner explained she appreciated the value of money but did not believe it should be the driving force unless it is used to make a positive change. Speaking on The Argus Podcast, Christian Fuller mused: "I've heard you say that you were a millionaire by the age of 19 and money doesn't mean anything unless you make a difference with it. "Was that the driving factor behind everything you've done to help others?" READ MORE: Emmerdale's Zoe Henry reacts to Denise Welch's devastating loss Heather replied: "Yes, I suppose because my childhood was overcoming adversity. My mum left when I was nine and my dad went to prison when I was 13. "I had to bring up the family. I appreciated the value of money. But I also understood how it could make a difference. "Why die on a tomb of it when you can do something with it." She continued: "Never understood people who were obsessed with [money].  "I'd never been connected to it. I'd always managed to make it and make a difference with it. "Also, it gives you the ability to take big risks. If you wanted to live in a camper van then you don't have the fear. Two up, two down, white picket fence." She added: "The aspiration for the best car - you don't have that fear. Just go with your dreams. Be happy." The activist went on to share she had been through very difficult times during her life and at one point lived on the streets as a teenager. DON'T MISS... Sam Fox ties the knot with girlfriend as she stuns in busty gown[LATEST]Victoria Beckham shares photo with rarely-seen sister[PICTURES]Johnny Depp unrecognisable in new clean shaven look[FESTIVAL] She admitted often times she was "cold" but didn't have the "headaches" people go through in everyday life from juggling family life to business, adding she was "free". Heather also shared she does work with homeless people and speaks to them frequently. The model has her own website, which gives glimpses into what she's been up to. Heather still works on her VBites line, which specialises "in producing delicious foods that are suitable for vegans, vegetarians and anyone wishing to eat yummy tasty food". The product is currently available in over 20 countries, and they boast upwards of 130 products for vegans. Heather was previously married to Paul and they tied the knot in 2002 at a castle in Ireland. The duo went on to have one child together, daughter Beatrice. The pair split in 2006 and Heather was awarded £24.3million following their divorce  - with The Beatles star having a reported fortune of £400 million at the time. The full episode of The Argus Podcast featuring Heather Mills is available now on Spotify and Apple Podcasts. 