Finnish diplomat Heikki Talvitie, who served as ambassador in Belgrade, Moscow and Stockholm, offered a unique insight into beleaguered Putin's mindset. Touching upon what many call the root of Russia's war on Ukraine, Mr Talvitie pointed at the West as what sparked Putin's war goals. In an interview with Spanish outlet La Vanguardia, he said: "Russia considers NATO to be a threat. So, Russia is already a threat to us. "Before it wasn't. Now it is." The Nordics' decision, he continued, will lead to Moscow feeling like its security "especially the safety of St Petersburg, 400 kilometres from the border" is at stake. He warned: "The Russians have said that if Sweden and Finland join NATO, they will bring nuclear weapons to the Baltic Sea. That would be very destabilising." Russia has in the past three months regularly reminded world leaders of its nuclear might. His statements have partly been met with scepticism. In February, at the early stages of the war, UK Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said he does not expect Putin to use nuclear weapons in his pursuit of Ukraine. "As much as he might be ambitious for Ukraine, I don't think he wants to go into that space." But the target, Mr Talvitie stressed, could be the West. He said: "The more Putin loses, the more he needs to directly involve the Americans in this." DON'T MISSThe two scenarios in which NATO could declare war on Russia [EXPLAINER]Putin religion: Does Russia’s President believe in God? [ANALYSIS]Russia’s ‘five hands’ that could spark nuclear armageddon [INSIGHT] Mr Wallace's approach to Putin's threats seemed to have changed by April, when he made remarks that signalled he may well see the Russian leader going "into that space". He told LBC: "We are part of a NATO partnership of 30 nations who outgun him, outnumber him and have potentially all the capabilities at our disposal. "I don't fear him, and I think we should be very grateful in this country that we have a nuclear deterrent." Mr Talvitie certainly views Putin as capable of getting there. He warned: "I think Putin should be taken very seriously when he talks about the use of nuclear weapons if the future of the Russian state is called into question." A meeting of NATO leaders is taking place in Madrid on June 28. The Alliance should be able to approve the first stage of Helsinki and Stockholm's applications by then. However, the enlargement of NATO must be approved by all 30 members and then ratified by their parliaments, and Turkey — part of the organisation since 1952 — has so far objected. The country's reservations, which call into question whether plans to redraw the geopolitical map of northern Europe will materialise, are connected to Ankara's allegation that Finland and Sweden harbour members of Kurdish militant groups it considers terrorist organisations.