According to the report, oranges, bananas, olives, rice and other products that Britain does not produce domestically could see price cuts of about 10 percent under a plan to stop taxing foreign food that will not undercut UK farmers. The Prime Minister said that Britain had “food tariffs we don’t need” and has launched a review into cutting import taxes to lower prices for consumers.  He also dismissed the idea of a snap election, saying the idea “hadn’t occurred” to him. Mr Johnson first raised the idea at a recent cabinet meeting as he demanded ministers come up with ways to ease a cost of living crisis as energy bills soar and inflation is forecast to hit 11 per cent later this year. Asked if the cost of living crisis was going to get worse, Johnson said: “I wouldn’t want to put it in exactly that way, but what I would say is that it’s going to continue to be an issue.” Johnson said that among the leaders of the world’s biggest economies “there’s a new impetus to cut food tariffs — [there are] $750billion worth of food tariffs around the world.”  The Prime Minister said that in Britain “we’ve got food tariffs we don’t need ... do we in the UK need to have tariffs on oranges?” He added: “We don’t grow many bananas in the UK.” However, his pledge risks opening up a potential rift with the Trade Secretary, Anne-Marie Trevelyan, who believes ending certain import levies could reduce the UK’s leverage in future negotiations. Anne-Marie Trevelyan, the international trade secretary, is working on a list of products where tariffs could be cut , although there is no firm timetable.  READ MORE: Britain's first asylum camp to have own GPs and dentists Trevelyan had warned that the plan was legally complex and might only have a “tiny” impact on shopping bills. When Britain formally left the EU in January 2020 it largely replicated the taxes — or tariffs — on imported goods in place during our membership (writes Oliver Wright). These tariffs are applied across all imports that are not explicitly covered by a free trade agreement. But because the tariffs Britain inherited were European-wide, many of them (particularly food) protected domestic production in other EU countries.  DON'T MISS:US intelligence agencies believe Putin still wants to take most UkrainDefiant Ukrainian mayor ‘abducted’ by Russian security forces Peston: Putin’s invasion ‘nowhere near conclusion’ says expert