Aquarius Moon transits provide a perfect foundation to think up and act on new different and unique ideas. However, they do also promote periods of isolation. You might find it difficult to connect to people on an emotional level although. This slightly more detached mindset can aid with calm impartiality, making now a good time to mediate if needs be. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for June 17. The planetary transits today will help facilitate more creative and perceptive interactions. Cafe Astrology said: “Independence, equality, and freedom are vital to feeling emotionally satisfied right now. We are cooperative and open to change. Aquarius is an inherently independent sign; liberation is of utmost importance to this zodiac - for themselves as well as those around them. This is what makes Aquarius one of the more progressive and philanthropic signs. And while the Moon transits it, these urges perforate the atmosphere, impacting the mindset of all signs - even subtly. READ MORE: How to organise your kitchen in 10 minutes for 'stress-free' space   Uranus will form a sextile to Juno today, which makes for a particularly good time for imparting more “friendly energy” in romantic relationships. Cafe Astrology said: “We can be together and give one another space at the same time, accepting and respecting individuality. “Interactions are fresh, progressive, and inspiring.” A Uranus Juno sextile can also make for dramatic changes of perspective.  Unconventional twists and turns are more apparent while these planets are aligned, and you might feel more compelled to head in a different direction than what you initially planned. The Aquarius Moon will square Uranus tonight which can further heighten these restless or more “rebellious feelings”, according to Cafe Astrology, which might make rules and limitations a bit harder to accept. Amongst the ample Uranus action taking place today, Mars remains in its semisextile with it until Saturday, aiding with initiative, inspiration, and motivation to start on the more difficult tasks you may have been putting off. Astrology King said: “It should also make you feel more adventurous, spontaneous, and independent, with an increased desire for fun and excitement.” DON'T MISS: How to keep conservatories cool: 5 best ways from an expert [EXPLAINED]Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [ANALYSIS]Is there life on Mars? Brian Cox TV documentary hopes to find out [INSIGHT]     The Moon will continue on its transit of Aquarius until 12.01am on Sunday when it will enter Pisces. This might come as a shock to the system after days of feeling slightly more aloof and emotionally detached, as Pisces transits exude quite the opposite energies. Astrology TV said: “These are the most sensitive days of the monthly cycle, but also some of the most ethereal and mysterious, almost magical at times. “Everything is tinged by emotion, even the simplest of decisions carrying emotional overtones – or at least, it may feel that way. People are touchier than normal, and very easily moved.” So make today more about taking charge and tackling the more difficult challenges to set yourself up for an easier ride during the next lunar transit. 