Ernst Walder was an original cast member on one of Britain's best loved soaps, Coronation Street. The star died of natural causes aged 94 on September 6 last year, but it wasn't until Daran Little broke the news on social media that his death was publicly revealed. Ernst Walder had been a Corrie regular from the beginning in his role as Ivan Cheveski back in the 1960s. The openly gay star had been dating the show's co-creator, Tony Warren, at the time. Daran Little paid tribute to him on Twitter today, telling the world that he was devastated. He also lost no time in reflecting on the late star's love life while honouring his memory. READ NOW: Richard Madeley and wife Judy in rare joint appearance at Ascot "Very sad to read of the passing of dearest Ernst Walder," he wrote. "An original C St cast member who quickly became Tony Warren's boyfriend before Tony caught him in bed with another cast member." Meanwhile, Daran spoke of the late actor's kind nature. "Ernst used to send my sons chocolates every Christmas and was the loveliest man," he reminisced.  Though Ernst hadn't appeared on the cobbles for almost 55 years, he was still warmly remembered by many who had seen him the first time round. The tributes have just begun to pour in on Twitter for the much-loved actor and his famous Corrie character. "Sad to read of the death of Ernst Walder... one of the original characters back in 1960," one Corrie fan exclaimed on Twitter. "Extremely close to Pat Phoenix, he had so much charisma in those early years. Very sad to read of his passing." DON'T MISS... Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [LATEST] Kate Garraway puts on brave face after heartbreaking Derek update [UPDATE] ‘Can’t stand the injustice’ Laurence Fox hits back over cancel cultur [DEBATE]  Ernst had two stints on the soap - one from 1960 to 1963, and then a final explosive comeback between 1966 and 1967. During his Corrie stardom, he acted alongside other original cast members such as Bill Roache, who has told the world he aspires to become a soap centenarian in his role as Ken Barlow, dad to Peter (Chris Gascoyne) and Tracy (Kate Ford) in the soap. Bill is keen to be a record breaker by continuing on the cobbles at the age of 100. He recently celebrated his 90th birthday and is still playing an active role. He spoke of his ambitions recently to The Mirror, confiding: "Someone said to me, ‘Look, Bill, you’re in the Guinness Book of Records, you’ve got the MBE, you’ve been in ­Coronation Street for over 60 years, what else is there?' "I said to him, ‘I would like to be the first centenarian who is still cast in an ongoing drama.' "That’s my aim, to be 100 and still working on ­Coronation Street. "While they want me and while I can do it I’ll continue to do it." Meanwhile, the world mourns the loss of Ernst, nearly 62 years on from his first ever appearance on the famous street.