The latest data from RAC Fuel Watch shows the average cost of petrol to be 187.01p per litre. This has increased almost 2p since Sunday and a massive jump of more than 56p since last year, when prices were just 130.69p. Diesel is also rising, with drivers now forking out an average of 193.30p per litre, with prices for all fuels “likely to rise”. Diesel has increased three pence since Sunday and an enormous 60p increase since this time last year. With average petrol and diesel prices continuing to climb steadily, experts are warning that it is piling more pressure on the UK economy. Drivers can save themselves hundreds of pounds per year by making use of a few tips to use when at the petrol station. READ MORE: Drivers could be fined £1,000 for not drinking enough water Historically, motorists have been advised to buy their fuel from supermarket forecourts when compared to branded garages. It has been estimated that drivers could save £74.10 every year by filling up at a supermarket garage. A spokesperson for Peter Vardy quelled rumours surrounding the quality of the fuel. They said: “It’s rumoured that supermarket fuel is of a ‘lower quality’ and not the same as you would buy from a branded garage, but that’s not the reality. DON'T MISSMan slapped with parking ticket at his wedding [SHOCKING]Warning to drivers: Police coming down 'hard' on license offence [WARNING]Electric car grant cut was 'inevitable' with new calls for loan scheme [INSIGHT] “Supermarkets sell such vast quantities that operating costs are spread over higher volumes, making it cheaper to buy from than a branded forecourt.” Motorists can also save hundreds of pounds a year when avoiding premium fuels, especially for standard cars. Retailers often claim that premium fuel offers performance and economy advantages and can even protect the engine. In reality, unless a motorist is driving a performance vehicle, they are unlikely to see many improvements. Generally, premium fuels are around 10p more expensive per litre. RAC Fuel Watch shows that the average UK price of super unleaded E5 petrol is now at 198.63p per litre. This is more than 11p more expensive than standard unleaded petrol and 5p more expensive than diesel. Many supermarkets and branded garages will usually have a few different grades of premium fuel for both petrol and diesel. The RAC has previously called on the main UK supermarkets - Asda, Tesco, Sainsburys and Morrisons - to pass on cost savings to motorists when they can be made. Motorists are also advised to use the right specification of engine oil to improve efficiency. Modern engines are built with finer tolerances and therefore require thinner oils - those with lower viscosity – that can also improve fuel economy by around three percent. Over a 50-mile journey, drivers could save 26p in an average diesel car. Based on pre-pandemic levels, the average UK mileage was 7,090 miles every year, meaning drivers could save more than £35 just for making a simple switch.