Mercedes have released an official statement in support of Lewis Hamilton after the emergence of shocking footage which appeared to show three-time F1 world champion Nelson Piquet using a racial slur when discussing the Brit's clash with Max Verstappen at the 2021 British Grand Prix. Verstappen was sent hurtling into the barriers at Silverstone last year when Hamilton attempted an audacious move up the inside at Copse Corner. The Dutchman was sent to hospital for precautionary checks after the frightening shunt, and the Brit went on to win the race in his absence. Controversy has since arisen with Piquet referring to Hamilton as 'neguinho'. "The neguinho put the car in the wrong way and didn't let [the other driver swerve]," he said in a video released by Estadao. "The neguinho put the car in the wrong way on the corner, it's because you don't know the curve. It's a very high curve, there is no way to pass two cars and there's no way you can put the car aside. "He did [Verstappen] dirty. His luck was that only the other one was gone." DON'T MISS: F1 news LIVE: Lewis Hamilton 'racially abused', Horner and Wolff row, British GP latest   Mercedes have come out in support of their veteran driver, who is an avid campaigner for racial equality. The statement, released on social media, said: "We condemn in the strongest terms any use of racist or discriminatory language of any kind. Lewis has spearheaded our sport's efforts to combat racism, and he is a true champion of diversity on and off track. "Together, we share a vision for a diverse and inclusive motorsport, and this incident underlines the fundamental importance of continuing to strive for a brighter future." Particularly in the latter years of his career, Hamilton has taken an active role in fighting against racial injustice and bringing it to attention in the realm of F1. The Mercedes star has developed an influential voice on the matter, which saw him named as the Powerlist's most influential black person of 2021. In an interview with The Guardian last year, Hamilton claimed that he was 'built for this' when discussing the issue of tackling racism, adding: "I don't see it as a burden. It was definitely liberating to be able to be open and speak about things. For people to know that there's much more to me than perhaps they realised from watching me on TV.  "There's a reason it was suppressed over all that time. And if it happened any sooner I wouldn't be ready, wouldn't be strong enough to handle it. I wouldn't be able to do my job as well and do both things at the same time. "But now I'm equipped with the tools to do so. I look at my niece and nephew. I look at my little cousins. And I think, 'How can I make things better for you guys and your friends?'" 