Although Netflix’s hit real estate reality series Selling Sunset came to an end in May, viewers are looking forward to seeing more of their favourite agents in the upcoming season six. While a release date has yet to be announced, Christine Quinn’s future on the show has been called into question after fellow star Mary Fitzgerald spoke about her departure.  For the past few seasons, Christine has been one of the show’s most talked-about stars. The agent has had very tense relationships with the other employees, which often saw her labelled as the show’s villain. Christine’s future on the show was brought into question after she was accused of bribing a client to work with her over fellow agent Emma Hernan. Although she denied the claims, her already fractured reputation on the show appeared to have come to an end after the Oppenheim boss Jason revealed she wouldn’t be back for season six. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret During the season five reunion he stated: “Right now there’s not a place for her at The Oppenheim Group. “In the future, if she can take real estate seriously, if I can get her perspective of things, if she changes her behaviour, if she brings in a big listing, there are a lot of reason where I would consider her having a place at the Oppenheim Group. “But I have to say right now there is no place,” he concluded. While this came as a huge surprise to fans, Christine later confirmed she would still appear in the upcoming instalment of Selling Sunset.  On Monday, star Mary Fitzgerald guest-starred on Lorraine where she spoke to the host about Christine's future on the show. A curious Lorraine asked: “Christine, what is going on with Christine? “She’s quit the firm, has she quit the show? Is she away, that’s it, goodbye? Who knows? You can never say never, right?” To which Mary responded: “Well you know, I think there’s been a lot that’s happened. DON'T MISS...Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe details ‘horrible day’ on set [INSIGHT]Selling Sunset season 6: Will there be another series? [INSIGHT]Selling Sunset's Mary Fitzgerald details misconception about children [INSIGHT] “I don’t know anything about her company. I’ve seen some stuff, I don’t know anything about it. “But I think enough has happened on the show and just at the brokerage that she’s not a good fit,” she added. While her return to Selling Sunset was revealed, Christine confirmed she wouldn’t be part of the Oppenheim Group. She told GayTimes: “I have left The Oppenheim Group to start my own venture actually called RealOpen.com, It was purely a decision for what was best for my business.” 