Carlos Alcaraz feels he has every chance of winning Wimbledon despite still being inexperienced on grasscourts. Novak Djokovic is once again the early tournament favourite to defend his Wimbledon title. But Rafael Nadal will also be a threat in his aim to win the Calendar Slam this year after clinching both the Australian Open and French Open. Matteo Berrettini has similarly been backed following his strong return from injury in winning both the Stuttgart Open and Queen's in the build-up to Wimbledon. Those three have dominated the pre-tournament predictions with Djokovic not losing at Wimbledon since 2016. Every major throws up a surprise result though with both Daniil Medvedev and Stefanos Tsitsipas losing to unseeded players of the French Open fourth round. Alcaraz made his Wimbledon debut last year and beat Yasutaka Uchiyama before losing to Medvedev in the second round. That was his only grasscourt event of 2021 and he's opted against playing a warm-up tournament on grass ahead of Wimbledon this year too.  But the Spaniard is being tipped as a future Grand Slam champion in the very near future, potentially following in the footsteps of his idol Nadal. The 22-time major champion reached the Wimbledon final on just his third appearance, and Alcaraz feels he can copy the tennis icon's path in making the transition to grass. "Well, of course, watching Rafa is, I would say, more for clay courts," he said. "Win so many tournaments on grass. Win twice here in Wimbledon.  "You think that you are able to adapt your game to grass court. I would say I have a game is going to adapt well on grass, trying to go to the net, playing aggressive. "I would say I'm able to play well on grass. Well, I already say I couldn't prepare well for Wimbledon this year, but I always come to every tournament thinking that I'm able to do a good results or even able to win the tournament." Alcaraz begins his tournament on Court One against German tennis star Jan-Lennard Struff, who beat the 19-year-old at the French Open last year. The winner of this match will go on to face either Fabio Fognini or Tallon Griekspoor.