If you have more than a passing interest in gaming, then chances are you're aware of a game called League of Legends (LoL). When it comes to eSports, LoL is in a league of its own (pun intended), racking up millions of views and even attracting attention from more traditional broadcasters. What you may not be as familiar with is League of Legends spinoff Teamfight Tactics, which is making waves as a free download on iOS, Android and PC. Here's why it should be on your radar. TeamFight Tactics is a strategy game that's part of the team-builder, auto-battler sub-genre. After drafting your team you'll compete against seven other players in a free-for-all, winner-takes-all lobby, which executive producer Geoff Virtue compares to a poker tournament. Virtue explains more: "It's a drafting game, so as you progress through all of the different rounds, you'll be presented with a number of different champions that you can choose. "You're basically building your team combination as you go through these different rounds. You're also able to level up your characters, your champions during the match itself, so if you collect three it goes up in power and you can do that three times to get it all the way up to what we would call a three-star, which is a really powerful version of that champion." If you like the idea of building a winning team and pitting them against real-life opposition, then there are a couple of other things to take into account when playing. "There are also a couple of other gameplay mechanics that you're looking at," Virtue continues. "There's the economy mechanics, so you're earning gold, and the more gold you earn you can choose to spend it to draft, or choose to horde it in order to earn interest. "And then there are also items that you're able to put on your champions, and those items change the way that they're able to do damage, or the way they're able to use abilities, so there are lots of different variants between players." The game takes place in the same world as League of Legends, although as you'll discover if you check out the newly released Dragonlands set, Teamfight Tactics is starting to introduce its own characters. "It's based in the League of Legends universe, so we pull in a lot of our characters from LoL, although recently and this is really exciting, we've started to expand a little bit and actually pull in some of our own characters that we're creating," Virtue continues. "In Dragonlands, our theme is focused on the realm of dragons, where there are a number of different islands with dragon clans that worship these unique dragons," Virtue continues. "In this set itself, there's going to be a number of different arenas that are focused on the dragon theme, and then there's going to be a number of new tacticians that come out. "My favourite one is one called Poggles, which is like a little baby dragon that looks like a soccer ball. If you imagine a soccer ball turned into a baby dragon, it's the cutest thing you've ever seen." You can download Teamfight Tactics for free by visiting the iOS App Store for iPhone and iPad, or the Google Play Store for Android devices. The game is also available for free on PC.