Brian Temple died aged 34 on December 31, 2017 - six months after he was arrested for the alleged theft of a pack of Greggs sausage rolls on June 8. A two-day inquest on Monday and Tuesday (June 20 and 21) heard that, when Mr Temple arrived home from custody, he gave his release papers to his then girlfriend. Police had, in error, issued him with a letter stating he been in custody for inciting sexual relations with a 13-year-old girl, reports Teesside Live. Teesside Coroner's Court heard that Mr Temple's then girlfriend began telling people of the incorrect information, which in turn caused people to lash out at the Redcar man. He was reportedly verbally abused in the street, attacked in his own home and hit around the head with a golf club. The court heard Mr Temple then began to drink heavily and take a mixture of both prescribed medication and recreational drugs, such as cocaine. Coroner Claire Bailey explained that a toxicology report carried out by Dr Cooper found Mr Temple had 134mg of alcohol in his system, as well as a mixture of cocaine, Diazepam, Zopiclone and Pregablin, but that these did not contribute to his death. Dr Cooper concluded that Mr Temple's death was as a result of hanging. His body was found by his brother Anthony, after his mum's partner, Paul Daley, became concerned that they had not heard from him all day. Coroner officer Nick Owen read statements from Mr Temple's brother Paul, sister in law Crystal and mum Mrs McLachlan, who has since passed away. His mum described her son as "happy go lucky" but said that the ordeal with the incorrect release papers had caused him to become closed off and depressed. The court heard that, after news spread of the release papers, Mr Temple reported threats and assaults to the police, and the force's welfare checks reportedly made this worse and "somewhat fuelled the fire" of the incorrect rumours. His brother Paul, who was at the inquest at Teesside Magistrates Court, told how he was close to his brother and how they had grown up being "anti drug" - explaining Mr Temple only began taking drugs to cope with the constant attacks and assaults he was experiencing in the months leasing to his passing. Although he had depression, Paul said in his statement that his brother never indicated suicidal tendencies and said the mistake on the release sheet "would drive anyone mad". Coroner Claire Bayley concluded that Mr Temple was hanged under the influence of drugs and alcohol. It could not be proven as suicide.  In her statement, Mr Temple's sister in law, Crystal, explained how the mistaken charge sheet was found in his pocket at the time of his death and she explained how she believed the police had a "duty of care" for vulnerable people such as her brother in law, as he was suffering from mental health issues at the time of his arrest. Mr Owen read out numerous statements from police officers who had dealt with Mr Temple in the run up to his death, and around the time of his arrest and the incorrect papers being issued. Detective Sergeant Agar of Cleveland Police said in his statement that he had dealt with Mr Temple's complaint of the incorrect papers on November 28, 2017, and had said the bail sheet was "a genuine human error". The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) began an investigation after Mr Temple's passing, so an error like this one would never happen again at Cleveland Police. They concluded that human error was the main judgement of the papers and this occurrence was "incredibly unusual". A police detention officer on shift at the time Mr Temple's release documents were issued had pressed the enter key and selected the incorrect offence, the inquest heard. Instead of  reading "theft", it instead it read "engaging 13-15 year old in sexual activity". The officer, employed by an external company, has since received management advice and changes to the IT system means this is likely to never happen again, the inquest heard. Coroner Claire Bailey heard evidence from Cleveland Police officers who had worked with Mr Temple prior to his death in December 2017. PC Chris Stoddard was the first officer to give evidence, explaining in his statement that the detention officer did not check before printing and handing the release papers to him. In a statement read out by Coronor Officer Nick Owen, Cleveland Police's Chris Stoddard explained to the court that since the incident, there has been a "DO NOT USE" button added to the system so this error is extremely unlikely to happen again. Custody manager, Sergeant Perry gave evidence and added to Mr Stoddard's statement that an incorrect charge can no longer be selected under this new formatting system. Police Community Support Officer (PCSO) Alison Coaker also gave evidence at the hearing, explaining she had grown up in Redcar alongside the Temple family and knew Mr Temple since he was eight years old. She described him as "mischievous" and a "cheeky chap" and explained she would often encounter him on Redcar's high street, where he would socialise with peers and sometimes allegedly steal from supermarkets to fund his alcohol addiction. PC Holly Williams, also present in court, said she visited Mr Temple's property on Redcar's West Dyke Road in the weeks leading up to his death for a safeguarding check. She explained he did not want officers present at his home as he believed it would make the rumours seem stronger so wanted to distance himself from officers. She explained she did not look into Mr Temple's history and release papers prior to the visit but had brief knowledge of the assaults he had been the victim of as a result of rumours. The final person to give evidence on behalf of the force was former civilian investigator, Michael Stokes, who personally apologised to Mr Temple's family, and passed on his condolences before reading out the statement he gave to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC). He explained that on December 1, 2017, he received the complaint from Mr Temple about the mistakes on the charge sheet and then visited him and his family with Detective Constable Hunt to speak to him in person. They liaised with Mr Temple who was happy to go forward with a police complaint and wanted steps taken to make sure that this would never happen to anyone else. After his death, the IOPC launched an investigation into Cleveland Police and the circumstances around the error on the release papers. Coroner Bailey ruled that Mr Temple's death could not be proven as a suicide due to the drugs in his system potentially having an effect on his mindset, but instead ruled that he was found "hanged under influence of alcohol and drugs". She added that Cleveland Police had since made changes, therefore a "preventing future deaths report" would not be required for the force. After the inquest, a Cleveland Police spokesperson said: “Cleveland Police offer our deepest sympathies to the family of Mr Temple at this incredibly difficult time. "Following the tragic death of Mr Temple, Cleveland Police have implemented changes to the information people are given on release from custody and we have been fully engaged in the inquest process.”