Chelsea have been offered a lifeline in their bid to sign Raphinha - with current winger and Leeds target Hakim Ziyech reportedly handing in a transfer request in order to push a move away from the club. The Moroccan is said to be a target of the Yorkshire club and could be used as a makeweight in a potential deal. Raphinha has been the focus of many clubs this summer, with Arsenal and Barcelona being the two sides who have been linked with his signature the most. The Brazilian's superb stint in the Premier League for the Yorkshire club has piqued the attention of the continent's biggest sides, although a deal has not been agreed yet. Chelsea are one of the clubs that harbours hopes to sign him, although with the Whites' £65million valuation, a deal could be complicated with Tuchel wanting to make six signings from his £200m budget. Yet with interest in Ziyech, the club could use him as a pawn in a player-plus-cash deal, with the Daily Mail claiming he wants out after handing in a transfer request. The report states that the Chelsea star wishes to leave having fallen out of favour at Stamford Bridge. Having joined from Ajax for £33m in 2020, the Moroccan endured a decent first season under Frank Lampard. However, after finding himself falling down the pecking order in west London, Ziyech is wanting more minutes and is set to depart the club over the summer months. Despite the possibility of using him in a deal for Raphinha, Ziyech seems more likely to be heading to AC Milan with the Rossoneri 'confident' in landing their man. Milan are said to be in talks over signing him already but other reports have not ruled him out being offered to Leeds. CBS Sport claimed this week that an offer including Ziyech could be lodged in a bid to tempt Leeds to the negotiation table. “Don’t be surprised if Chelsea advance their interest if they bring Hakim Ziyech into the equation because my understanding from talking to Leeds sources separate to Raphinha is that Ziyech, should he leave Chelsea, has been a player on their radar," reporter Ben Jacobs told The Football Terrace. “So there might be a possibility to do some business with Raphinha coming one way and Ziyech being given to Leeds. Because Leeds don’t just want a chunk of money for Raphinha to the tune of £55/£60million potentially, they would love to have a ready-made replacement. “And they see Ziyech as a viable option and that would remain the case even if Raphinha goes elsewhere.” Leeds star Kalvin Phillips, meanwhile, is on the verge of joining Manchester City in a deal that could reach £50m.