Tyson Fury had the thousands of fans chanting “Jake Paul is a p***y” at a meet and greet event on Sunday as the pair's trash talk continues. ‘The Gypsy King’ was at the Sheffield City Hall on Sunday evening as part of the ‘Official After Party Tour' to celebrate Fury’s boxing career. During the show, Fury turned his attention to ‘The Problem Child’, who fights his brother Tommy Fury in August. The WBC heavyweight champion orchestrated attendants to sing “Jake Paul is a p***y” and posted the clip on his social media. The video is the latest addition to the entertaining back and forth between the lineal heavyweight champion and the YouTube star. After Fury stated he was willing to bet £81,00 ($100,000) against anyone that his younger brother Tommy will beat Paul later this year, Paul raised the stakes as he offered up £810,000 ($1m). Both men agreed to wager although the internet sensation claimed that it was ‘chump change’ for Fury. “For the heavyweight champion of the world, $1 million, that’s all you wanna bet? If you wanna go with some chump change like that, no problem,” Paul said. “I’m already in contact with your lawyer Robert and my team is in touch with him so we are gonna get the money into escrow and make it happen right away.” Paul then asked fans what he should spend his winnings on, putting up a poll which included a Ferrari SF-90, a Richard Mille watch, and a Ferrari 296 GTB. MORE BOXING NEWS... Katie Taylor 'in discussions' to face former UFC champion in December Khan releases statement after three charged with gunpoint robbery Fury's father makes bold prediction for Joshua vs Usyk rematch To which ‘The Gypsy King’ responded: “What you can do Jakey boy is spend it on your new teeth. You’ll need that million dollars for dental work once Tommy’s done with you, you little sucker! Put that million dollars in escrow, b****. Let’s go,” Fury said. Tommy and Jake will finally square off for their long-awaited grudge match on August 6 at Madison Square Gardens, New York City. The pair were set to originally set to face each other in December last year but the fight was cancelled after Tommy sustained a rib injury and bacterial infection in camp. For a long time, it seemed as though the fight would never happen but after successful last gasp negotiations on Thursday, the stage was set. On the same card, featherweight world champion Amanda Serrano defends her WBC and WBO belts against mandatory challenger Brenda Carabajal. The first press conference is expected to take place on July 29, with tickets going up the same day.