Countryfile host Adam Henson, 56, recently revealed he would soon be retiring his sheepdog, Peg before he issued an update. The on-screen star explained his other half Charlotte Henson has helped assist him after the pet pooch's eye lens split. The BBC favourite explained he tries to keep their dog "close" as she is unable to see far and as a result can no longer guide animals at their Cotswolds farm. Adam looked to his wife for help as the couple continue to take Peg on regular walks. The BBC favourite made the candid admission during an appearance on ITV's Lorraine in April as he gave viewers an update on Peg's condition. The farmer revealed: "Sadly, one of her lenses has split in her eye, and the other one is going a little bit cloudy, so she is drifting into a sort of gentle retirement. READ MORE: Jasmine Harman shows off bikini as she 'learns to love wobbly bits'  "Me and my wife walk her every day, we still take her out around the sheep, but I keep her close to me because she can't see very far. "So I am now on a hunt for a replacement for Peg, but she will just retire with me on the farm and grow old graciously." He explained: "When I'm out walking her or sometimes working the sheep as well, she looks up and it's as if she can't see me. "And she can hear me, but she'll sometimes just run in the wrong direction looking for me. And I'm just worried about her eyesight, but she's just not behaving like her normal self." Adam continued: "And when it comes to working sheep, particularly for distance, that's a major problem. I can't imagine not having Peg by my side after all these years. "Oh dear, poor old Peg, but she's had a lovely working life so she can just... retire and take things easy." He added: "Well, for a dog of Peg's age in her senior year, she's pretty fit and healthy, really. "But she definitely has got problems with her eyesight, mainly due to ageing and also due to that slipped lens. So it looks like she might have to be eased into retirement." DON'T MISS... Monty Don in woeful farewell before Gardeners' World is pulled off air[LATEST]Christine McGuinness' pals begged her to leave Paddy[TV]Madonna, 63, poses up a storm in busty bodice, but leaves fans worried[PICTURES] Adam has been with his long-term partner Charlotte since they were teenagers. The pair have two children together Alfie and Ella and are said to have first met at school around the age of 16, according to Hello!. They live together on their farm in the Cotswolds where they work but filming takes Adam away from his day job. Charlotte is even the one credited with helping her other half launch his career in the spotlight. He explained how Charlotte “nagged” him to apply as a presenter on the series after the BBC launched a search. The on-screen presenter admitted he “wasn’t bothered” but Charlotte thought he’d be “really good”. “After lots of auditions, I ended up getting the job,” he told The Mirror. Adam fended off competition from 3,500 other applicants to land the role on Countryfile. Countryfile airs tonight on BBC One at 5.45pm. 