The Prince of Wales boarded the internal flights, including helicopters, in order to avoid getting stuck in traffic. It comes despite Charles reportedly being "pretty allergic" to travelling by helicopter, according to a royal source. The source said the future King will always "raise an eyebrow" and object when the mode of transport, which is one of the most polluting ways to travel, is suggested. However, the annual Sovereign Grant report revealed that the Prince had in fact used planes to travel frequently during the last financial year, making up part of the £102.4million the monarchy cost the taxpayer for travel last year. He took flights between Northern Ireland and Wales as well as a flight for the 70-mile trip from London and RAF Brize Norton, reported the Telegraph. Charles and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall are also said to have flown to Wales separately from their own individual homes.  The royal couple took over 15 charter flights to and from Belfast as well as journeys between their multiple residences. Prince Charles has been a huge advocate for environmental change and has used his position to champion those promoting sustainability. Meanwhile, Clarence House insists that Prince Charles has “taken many steps personally to live in a more sustainable way”. They noted that “around half of his office and domestic energy use comes from renewable sources such as woodchip boilers, air-source heat pumps, solar panels and 'green' electricity". READ MORE: Princess Anne delights Scottish fans as she turns up for yearly visit However, the Sovereign Grant report has now highlighted the Prince's high use of short-haul flights in the UK. The news comes after Charles' landed estate - the Duchy of Cornwall - outlined its ambitions to reach net-zero by 2030. A senior royal source admitted there was “a conflict” in being an environmental champion, as well as someone with state responsibilities to travel. The source said: "You only get to use the helicopter if every other option has failed. But there are just some days where you've got to be in place A at this time and place B at that time. DON'T MISS: Meghan 'dreamed of being a princess like Kate' before Harry meeting [INSIGHT]Charles 'conscious' of cost of living crisis as royal spending soars [ANALYSIS]Prince Charles plans to leave royal life stopped by Queen Mother  [COMMENT] “And as we all know, driving around the country in our cars, you hit traffic. Charles' London office and Clarence House cost around £107,000 annually to run, while his official travel by air and rail cost £892,000. The Prince and Duchess of Cornwall's travel costs rose by £640,000 from the previous year, as overseas royal tours resumed with the easing of Covid restrictions. Overall, the taxpayer shelled out £102.4million for the monarchy's travel during 2021/22 – an increase of £14.9 million on the previous financial year.