Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta's desire to recruit Manchester City's Oleksandr Zinchenko this summer was justified on Wednesday night. Zinchenko ran the show as Ukraine beat Scotland 3-1 at Hampden Park to set up a 2022 World Cup play-off final encounter with Wales. Pep Guardiola signed Zinchenko as an attacking midfielder for just £1.8million from Ufa in 2016 but has transformed him into an integral left-back in his trophy-hauling machine. The 25-year-old plays in midfield for his country, though, and was the standout star in Ukraine's emotional triumph in Glasgow. Zinchenko created three chances and made three tackles, the most of any player on the pitch, and provided the assist for Artem Dovbyk's stoppage-time third. He had an 87 per cent pass accuracy, completing 59 passes, took 86 touches, and completed both of his attempted long balls. The Man City ace also completed two of his three attempted dribbles, made eight ball recoveries and won eight duels, including seven of 11 contested on the ground. Arteta would've been watching with intrigue as one of his summer targets spearheaded his nation towards the World Cup. JUST IN: Mohamed Salah’s transfer preference ‘hasn’t gone down well’ Whether the Gunners view Zinchenko as reinforcements in defence or midfield remains to be seen. However, his versatility will make him an enticing asset, especially with the demands of Arteta's squad set to be increased by their return to European competition next season. Zinchenko has often been cited as the weak point in Guardiola's formidable side at the Etihad Stadium. But his half-time arrival against Aston Villa on the final day helped spark City's incredible comeback and helped him lift his fourth Premier League title. READ MORE: Man Utd target Jurrien Timber ‘worried’ about Red Devils transfer Last month, Arteta penned a new contract until 2025 in a significant sign of faith from Arsenal in his project at the Emirates Stadium. And a year after expending more transfer funds than any other club in the summer of 2021, technical director Edu has promised similar backing this time around. He said: "I think the timing is perfect. I really believe the message will be a big lift to everyone. To the fans, to the club, to the players, to Mikel. It's important to show everyone where we want to go as a club. We are going to face a big summer again, and it's important to have our manager here." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here