The Queen's Platinum Jubilee is being celebrated over the four-day bank holiday weekend starting today (Thursday, June 2). The Queen's annual birthday parade, Trooping the Colour, brought pomp and pageantry to the streets of London this morning, and crowds were delighted to see the Queen appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony. Further celebrations are scheduled for Thursday night when beacons will be lit across the UK and the Commonwealth in honour of Her Majesty's impressive milestone.  At the Queen's previous Silver, Golden and Diamond Jubilees, beacons have been a centre point of the celebrations. Beacons were also lit in 2016 to mark the Queen's incredible 90th birthday. The beacons are intended to light up the UK and Commonwealth in recognition of the Queen's dedication to royal duties.  READ MORE: Jubilee row explodes as Harry and Meghan told they are 'NOT welcome' The event will be particularly special this year as it will be the first beacon celebration ever organised for a Platinum Jubilee. The Platinum Jubilee beacons follow a royal tradition that started long before the Queen's reign. The Platinum Jubilee website explains: "There is a long and unbroken tradition in our country of celebrating Royal Jubilees, Weddings and Coronations with the lighting of beacons - on top of mountains, church and cathedral towers, castle battlements, on town and village greens, country estates, parks and farms, along beaches and on cliff tops. "In 1897, beacons were lit to celebrate Queen Victoria’s Diamond Jubilee."  More than 3,500 beacons will be lit across the UK and in the capital cities of Commonwealth countries to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee today. At 9.25pm members of the Royal Family will attend the lighting of the principal beacon. The Duke of Cambridge is expected to oversee the ceremony at Buckingham Palace while the Queen witnesses the Windsor Castle event.  DON'T MISS:Princess Beatrice is fabulous in huge headband at Trooping the Colour [INSIGHT]Inside the Queen's close bond with her cousin the Duke of Kent [ANALYSIS]Why do Prince George and Princess Charlotte always wear blue? [PICTURES] A 21-metre Tree of Trees sculpture has been enacted at Buckingham Palace, especially for the occasion. At 9.30pm the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors Anchor Chain will begin in the UK. More beacons across the UK, Channel Islands and the Isle of Man will be lit from 9.45pm. The beacons along the iconic landmark of Hadrian's Wall will be lit at 10pm, and the international beacons will be lit at 9.15pm local time.  BBC One will be broadcasting 'Platinum Beacons: Lighting up the Jubilee' from 8pm to 10pm on Thursday, June 2. The event will also be available to watch on BBC iPlayer or on catch up at a later time. 