With the vast majority of newer cars using keyless entry for access into a vehicle, savvy thieves are taking advantage of technology to either break into, or steal vehicles. Dan Powell, Senior Editor at heycar said: “The most common form of keyless theft happens when thieves capture the signal from the keyfob and then boost it to open the car and drive it away.” Heycar have put together a guide to keyless theft and how to avoid it, with tips on where to keep your keys and technology to thwart thieves. Read the expert advice below. What is keyless car theft?Keyless car theft (sometimes called relay theft) is a way of stealing a vehicle without using the physical keyfob.The targeted vehicles are those with keyless entry and start systems, exploiting the technology to get into the car and drive it away. READ MORE: TAX THEM! Electric cars cause 'more pollution' than petrol and diesel How does keyless car theft work?A keyless fob has an in-built transceiver, which can send and receive coded radio signals. The car and the key send these unique, encrypted signals to each other to lock the doors when the key isn't within range and — likewise — unlocks the doors when the key is close enough. Firstly, the signal from your car key is captured or amplified and this copied signal is then sent to another transmitter. DON'T MISSDriver‘s car completely covered in cling film [SHOCKING]Low Emission Zones launching today - Polluting vehicles to be banned [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of staggering fines for not wearing sunglasses [WARNING] This can be done quite easily even if your key is indoors because the tech used by thieves extends the signal from the key inside your home so the car is tricked into thinking it's nearby enough to unlock. This transmitter then acts as an additional key, so the car can be opened, started and driven away (as long as the car also features keyless start, which is when a car starts via a button rather than the physical turning of a key in the ignition). Once the car has been stolen it may be sent abroad, broken for parts or re-sold with false documents. Are keyless cars easier to steal?Yes, in many circumstances keyless cars are easier to steal. That said, it also depends on the particular model, as well as the situation. Some models have keyless entry that unlocks the doors when the key is close-by but still have a conventional key that is physically put in the ignition to start the car. Cars that are most vulnerable to relay theft are those with keyless entry and keyless start. Relay theft is no longer new either, so manufacturers have been working on ways to combat it for a while — meaning some more advanced models have systems designed to thwart the keyless car theft. How to avoid keyless car theftKeyless car theft sounds almost unstoppable, but that doesn’t mean there aren’t preventative steps you can take. Putting the keys somewhere safe within your house should be your number one priority. Firstly, keep the key away from doors and windows. Thieves usually have to try and "grab" the signal from outside, so the further away the keys are from the exterior walls, the better. Some metal boxes (like those that biscuits or tea bags come in) can work — plus, then you get biscuits, too. Signal-blocking pouches, often called faraday bags, are metal lined wallets. You can buy them online and from motor retailers with prices starting at about £5. To check that it works, put the key in the bag when you’re standing beside the locked car.The doors should stay locked. You should also put the spare key that lives in the house in a similar bag. Anything else you can do to make the car harder to steal will be a deterrent. Putting the car in a garage, getting a lockable post on your driveway and in-car security devices such as steering wheel locks can also help. If you have a high-value car, consider getting a tracking device fitted as well.