Inter Milan could face troublesome competition to bring Romelu Lukaku to the club this summer as the Chelsea star attracts heavyweight interest. Robert Lewandowski's future hangs in the balance and could have significant implications on where Lukaku plays his football next season. According to Mundo Deportivo, Lewandowski is Barcelona's priority in the summer transfer window, and both the La Liga giants and the player are optimistic about striking an agreement with Bayern Munich. However, the 33-year-old goalscorer is contracted until 2023, and Bayern would rather keep him for another season. If Barcelona's Lewandowski pursuit fails, Xavi Hernandez is understood to view Lukaku as a worthy alternative. Inter Milan will hold talks over a loan deal for the Belgium international, which would also suit the Blaugrana considering their current financial ruin. But say Lewandowski secures his switch to Camp Nou, the report claims Lukaku is also on Bayern's shortlist of attackers to join alongside Sadio Mane. Either way, Inter seemingly face daunting competition to lure the 29-year-old back to Italy for another season. JUST IN: Man Utd transfer target had club 'convinced' he was joining Liverpool Barcelona are expected to seal a high-profile deal for Lewandowski, though, with the Polish superstar now publicly pushing for a Bayern exit. This week, he told the media his career at the Bundesliga champions 'was over' and suggested there would be movement on the transfer front in the next two weeks. He said: "Am I optimistic about signing for Barca? It's a big question. I don't like being in this situation. What is certain at the moment is that my career at Bayern is over. I don't see any chance of continuing my career at this club. READ MORE: Harry Maguire urged to be 'thick-skinned' to save Man Utd career "Let's see what we can do in the next two weeks, I don't want to continue at the club, and I would like to focus on Poland. After the Nations League, we will have time to talk about the situation, but I don't see any possibility to stay at Bayern." Lewandowski scored 50 goals for Bayern in the 2021-22 season and has netted 344 times since joining on a free transfer in 2014. He has firmly cemented himself as one of the best strikers of his generation and would be a statement signing as Xavi enters his first full season as Barcelona manager. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here