The Blacklist leapt two years into the future for its ninth outing as the FBI Task Force disbanded following the shocking events of the series eight finale. The NBC crime drama went on to say its final goodbye to Agent Alina Park (played by Laura Sohn) as well in the latest season. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about the agent's departure. READ MORE: 'That hurt!' David Tennant's wife Georgia on surviving cancer Alina got injured after being struck by a directed energy weapon, causing her to lose the baby. As the series progressed, fans saw how she was trying to cope with terrible migraines and in the season finale, it was revealed she was pregnant again. Alina announced the good news to the rest of the team and told them that she would be taking medical leave from the task force as a result. When asked if she would be back once the baby is born, Alina didn't seem sure. She simply said: “Maybe life has got other plans," teasing the end of her story on The Blacklist. Sohn first joined the cast as a recurring character in season seven before being bumped up to series regular in seasons eight and nine. Her official departure was announced via Deadline earlier this year but neither the actress or the show's creators have explained the reason for her exit. Sohn has kept quiet on social media and hasn't made a statement so it is unclear if it was her choice to go or the writers. But she isn't the only star to leave The Blacklist behind following season nine. DON'T MISS...Better Call Saul’s Rhea Seehorn opens up on ‘troubles’ with new role [EXPLAINER]A Place in the Sun fans slam pair for rejecting 'dream' Danni find [REACTION]The Blacklist blunder: Key Emma and Jessica scene had a glaring error [MISTAKE] Amir Arison, who has starred as FBI Special Agent Aram Mojtabi since season one, has also made his last appearance in the drama. He is leaving the series to make his Broadway debut in The Kite Runner, an opportunity he "could not pass up", according to the actor himself. His exit in the finale saw him take a step back from the FBI and move to Brooklyn. The episode even hinted at him taking to the stage in real life, saying that Aram might see a Broadway show while in New York. Arison hasn't ruled out the possibility of making a comeback as his character is still alive. Even though Sohn hasn't openly spoken about her departure, the same could be said for her. As Alina simply left the FBI to become a full-time mum, the door remains open for a potential future return. The Blacklist is available to watch on NBC in America and Sky Max in the UK.