The Duke of Kent has dedicated his life to serving Britain as a working member of the Royal Family, making his most recent appearance alongside his cousin, Queen Elizabeth II, during the Platinum Jubilee weekend. Throughout his royal tenure, the 86-year-old Duke has lived and worked in close quarters with his royal relatives, but where exactly does he call home? Here’s a look inside the Duke of Kent’s Kensington property that he shares with his wife, Katharine Worsley, the Duchess of Kent. Kensington Palace is a key centre point for the Royal Family and is home to many of the Queen’s close relatives. The Duke and Duchess of Kent are just two of the serving members who reside at the sprawling estate which is located in London’s Kensington neighbourhood. Wren House is one of several properties that sits within the grounds and is known as the home address of the royal pair. READ MORE: Inside Royal Lodge where Prince Andrew stayed for entire Jubilee   Despite having three children together, the Duke and Duchess of Kent live alone in the cottage-style property. The Earl of St Andrews, born in 1962, Lady Helen Taylor, born in 1964, and Lord Nicholas Windsor, born in 1970, do not carry out official royal duties unlike their parents. While Wren House is known as the Kent household, both the Duke and Duchess are often busy undertaking official Royal engagements when they are not at home. The pair have close associations with many charities, professional bodies and other organisations. Some of the Duke of Kent’s most well-known titles include his presidency of the Scout Association and the Wimbledon Lawn Tennis Club. Despite being part of the famed Kensington Palace residence, the Duke of Kent’s family home is surprisingly modest in both its size and appearance. The two-storey property is made of brick and features simple white windows and door frames. Wren House sits just north of the main palace, boasting five bedrooms and five reception rooms which overlook the stunning walled garden. While the charming country-style home is still larger than the average house, its understated appearance has surprised royal fans. DON'T MISS:Interior tips: The ‘unlikely’ bathroom trend ‘taking off’ this season [LATEST]Garden plants that pose a ‘high risk’ and devalue a house by 15%  [REVEAL]DIY dad saves over £8,000 renovating family bathroom - pictures [INSIGHT] In a video shared by the Royal Family’s official Instagram account, the Duke was filmed at the property in honour of his 85th birthday in October 2020. The simple property is lined with a short white-picket fence and is separated from a green lawn by one straight stretch of paving. While Wren House lacks grandeur in its modest height, the property is generous in its width. The house itself was once used as accommodation for palace staff, and is aptly named after Sir Christopher Wren - the chief restorer tasked with extending and improving the Jacobean property in the 18th century. In addition to the Duke of Kent and his wife Katharine, Kensington Palace is also home to several other royal households. Ivy Cottage sits adjacent to Wren House and is known as the residence of Princess Eugenie, her husband Jack Brooksbank and their young son, August. Nearby, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge can be found at Apartment 1A where they live with their three children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. The Duke of Kent's brother and his wife, Prince and Princess Michael of Kent also reside at Kensington Palace, along with the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester.