Young mother Beth Coles claims her confidence was shaken after a Sainsbury's employee allegedly scolded her for breastfeeding her four-week-old daughter in the store's car park. The 25-year-old says she was completely covered up while feeding baby Rosie in her vehicle when the staff member approached her in the car park of the branch in Kidderminster, Worcestershire. The new mum says her child had a "meltdown" during their shopping trip, so she'd taken her out to the car to feed her, never imagining this would be an issue. It was then she saw the female staff member, who Beth says didn't have a name badge, walk out of the store and towards her car. Beth, who says the car park was "pretty much empty" at that time, told the Mirror: "She knocked on the window, so I opened the door, moved the child. She said, 'can you stop that, please? It's inappropriate'. "My reaction was to just burst out crying. I didn't know what to do. She just gave me a funny look and walked off, and I was like, 'oh, okay your goal was to make me cry'."   For Beth, this moment felt like a particular setback due to her mental health difficulties. She has post-natal depression and borderline personality disorder (BPD) and hadn't been feeling good in the two weeks prior to the incident on Friday, June 24. That evening, she'd finally felt well enough to take Rosie out shopping with her partner James, having been experiencing difficulties feeling able to leave the house. She says the incident has made this struggle even worse. She added: "It sort of solidified my view of maybe I shouldn't be leaving the house because when I do things like that happen."   Beth decided to share her story on a breastfeeding Facebook page, including a picture to show just how covered up she'd been. She never imagined it would draw such traction, but pretty soon her post was being widely shared on social media, with one of the group members tweeting directly to Sainsbury's. The supermarket chain asked the group member to DM them with more info, but Beth says they stopped responding to her after a number of other people laid into them online. Beth then emailed the supermarket herself and was offered a £40 gift card and the promise that members of staff would be spoken to. She felt this wasn't a valid response and emailed them back, telling them they had "to be joking." She said: "I don't want the money. I just want an actual apology, which they don't seem to want to give."  Considering what she'd say to those who respond negatively to breastfeeding mothers, the mum added: "If you have a personal preference or opinion about it if you are in uniform especially representing a supermarket. "Not only is it damaging for your workplace, but it is majorly damaging to the person that you've said it to. You really got to be careful about what you say in general nowadays, but to come up and knock on the door of somebody who's very covered up. "And I really did try. I had a muslin and blanket over me and still had all my clothes on. How damaging that is. And for somebody who's still fairly young and has BPD and postnatal depression. They're lucky that it didn't tip me over the edge in a sense, and cause a much bigger issue. "All I want is an apology. That's all I want. I don't want money. I don't want anything silly. I just want an apology."  A Sainsbury's spokesperson said: " We have apologised to Ms Coles for this unacceptable experience and we have reassured her that breastfeeding is very welcome in our stores. We are investigating with the store and further training will be provided to our colleagues where necessary." 