It would be an ideal platform for deepening trade relations between, and wielding diplomatic influence for, its members. Which country would not want to make such a grouping stronger, and a force in international affairs? The Commonwealth is this club, and we should make more of it. In a world full of regional trade and political groupings, it is a reminder that while relations in our immediate neighbourhood matter, for nations to reach their full potential they must have a global network to boost trade, financing, education, and their diplomatic influence beyond their locality.  While this truth is self-evident, it has not been acted upon as it might. It should not be controversial to say, for it is a fact, that when Britain - the Commonwealth’s largest economy - has for many years been within a political, economic and customs union with her immediate neighbours in Europe, the full potential of the Commonwealth has lain dormant. Now, post-Brexit, with Britain having set sail from Europe, if not geographically then geopolitically, that can change. Another hurdle which has held us back is some members’ views of the past. There are those in Western Commonwealth countries who seem embarrassed by history. They should not be. The past is gone. That most Commonwealth nations were once part of a long-lost Empire matters little to us, at least in Africa. If it did, we would not be members. Most citizens of Uganda and Africa today were born long after independence was won. Yet history seems all that some Western commentators care about. They claim to be multicultural whilE at the same time rubbishing closer and more international Commonwealth cooperation. We reject this attitude. What makes for a true internationalist is not preferring to erect protective trade barriers around neighbouring Western countries of similar ethnicities that lock out African nations and damage their economies. To think this way is perverse. As we meet for the biennial Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting in Africa for the first time since Uganda was host in 2007, we should put aside the naysayers and agree clear ways to strengthen our common endeavour.    First is trade. With the UK no longer bound to the EU and now striking her own free trade deals, we wait with anticipation Britain’s signing of an historic UK-African Continental Free Trade Agreement (AfCFTA), becoming the first country to agree such a deal with the whole of Africa. When 19 Commonwealth countries are also African, and their collective GDP more than half of all Africa’s, a UK-AfCFTA deal represents in essence a UK-Commonwealth deal. It should act as a spur for other leading non-African Commonwealth countries such as Australia, Canada, and India to sign comparable agreements. Second is diplomacy. African nations are too irregularly consulted on international affairs or supported in votes at intergovernmental organisations when issues matter to them. The recent United Nations General Assembly votes on Ukraine are a good example of Western expectations that non-Western, and particularly African nations, should just fall into line on such matters with marginal, if any, consultation. The Commonwealth could act more formerly as a platform to deliver votes and diplomatic heft for its members at intergovernmental organisations from the UN to the World Health and World Trade Organizations. But to do so, we need to create more substantial mechanisms within the Commonwealth for member nations to discuss, be heard, and reach common positions. We might also work closer together on security matters. While the Commonwealth is no military alliance, our shared history and language means, inevitably, we learn and train together. Yet we do so while using often incompatible equipment. There’s an opportunity for Commonwealth nations to work more closely, from military research and development to production. This does not mean Uganda merely sourcing equipment from Britain, or Australia, or other leading military manufacturing members. It should mean multi-nation programmes to create and develop common, interoperable kit. Not every Commonwealth country requires, as Britain makes, nuclear submarines. But all need Kevlar and armoured vehicles. We can do much more to work and share together. If this Commonwealth between our 54-members nations did not exist, we would create it. When we have this club, we should use it. This week in Africa we have the chance to give our common endeavour a needed shot of vitality. 