Last month, the head of Ofgem confirmed that the energy price cap is expected to hit £2,800 by October which will put further pressure on households. Older Britons are likely to be the worst hit from this bill increase as they are already experiencing a lack of return on their state pension. This is due to the triple lock pledge on state pension payment being temporarily suspended this year. The triple lock promises that the rate of state pension payments will go up by either 2.5 percent, inflation or average earnings. Due to furlough during the pandemic artificially inflating wages, the link to average earnings was scrapped. As a result, state pensioners saw their payments go up by 3.1 percent in line with inflation from last year. However, with energy bills expected to reach as high as £2,800 annually by October, pensioners are voicing their concerns about their future. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum Speaking to Age UK, one pensioner named Robert said: “I feel anxious and depressed. “I only shower once a fortnight and use the oven once a week. I do not know what else I can do to meet the bills.” One pensioner couple told the charity: “My husband and I are both on the basic State Pension. I am disabled and on lower rate PIP and he has Raynaud’s Syndrome which means he must keep warm at all times. “We can't afford to get out much, especially now with heavy petrol increases. With the triple lock gone and food also escalating we are just having to eat less and less. Sometimes dinner is just biscuits.”  Another older person added: “I have turned heat off altogether. Eat just one meal daily. “Not complaining as I have learnt in childhood to wear extra layers, cook and eat as my mum taught us in war years. “For entertainment I now visit the park and listen to radio. I cope, but how dreadful that we have gone so far back in living standards in modern Britain.” Caroline Abrahams, the charity director at Age UK, explained: "Talking to older people who rely on their State Pension certainly brings home just how serious the situation is for them. “It comes to something when you hear a woman in her seventies describe how she is adopting strategies learned from her own parents’ experience during World War Two, to stay solvent in 2022. "At Age UK we are detecting a real undercurrent of fear among some of our older population because they hear the talk about price rises accelerating later in the year and they know they’ve no chance of withstanding them, without more external help. “If ever there was a time for Ministers to reassure older people that they are intervening to shield them from inflation, it’s now. “Older people aren’t stupid and they realise that if they are struggling to keep their heads above water as things stand, the chances are they’ll slip under altogether in a few months’ time. “This makes it a horrible time for them, as they see their modest expectation of living decently in retirement slipping out of reach, certainly temporarily, possibly forever. “The Government must act quickly and decisively so pensioners on low and modest incomes can weather this storm.” Recently, the Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced a wave of new support packages for vulnerable groups in light of the energy bill hike, including pensioners. More than eight million pensioners who claim this support will be eligible for the additional £300 which has been created to support those who are not getting Pension Credit.