Rafael Nadal’s coach and former doubles partner Marc Lopez provided an update on the tennis legend’s fitness by claiming that the Spaniard's foot is not causing him any problems ahead of Wimbledon. After much speculation, the 35-year-old is set to play at All-England Club for the first time since 2019 as he looks to pull further clear of Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer in the race to win the most Grand Slams.  Nadal memorably won the French Open earlier this month despite needing painkillers for the discomfort he was experiencing as a result of his chronic condition, Mueller-Weiss syndrome. The 22-time Major winner had treatment on his foot in order to play at Wimbledon without needing injections to numb the pain. It proved to be successful and after participating in some exhibition matches and intense practice sessions, Lopez assessed the tennis legend’s conditioning heading into next week’s tournament after he was well beaten in practice against Francis Tiafoe before also losing in three sets to Felix Auger Aliassime. "There are good days and bad days," Lopez told EFE after Nadal had conducted a practice session with Tiafoe on Friday, which ended with a 6-2 4-1 scoreline in favour of the American. "This surface is very unforgiving, everything happens very quickly. We are training with people who serve very well. At the moment, everything is positive. The foot issue, which was always the most worrying thing, is OK. JUST IN: Roger Federer to fall off ATP rankings after Wimbledon causing Nadal and Djokovic headache   “We have to finish adjusting training, the other day [Wednesday] he played very well in the exhibition [at the Hurlingham Club against Wawrinka] and now we need to be ready for Tuesday's [first-round] match [at Wimbledon]. "From everything you can draw conclusions, but in the end this is still training. What you have to do every day is feel more comfortable on this surface, which you hardly play on for the whole year. "Rafa has not played here in three years. All the training sessions add up, even those in which you don't feel good, because they help you correct things for the next one." The Mallorca native ramped up his preparations by playing two exhibition matches at the Hurlingham Club this week. Nadal faced Stan Wawrinka in his first match, and eased to a 6-2, 6-3 victory on Wednesday, but was defeated 6-7(6), 6-4, 10-3 by Felix Auger Aliassime on Friday. The world number four is due to open his Wimbledon campaign against Francisco Cerundolo on Tuesday, and Lopez expects a stern test from the Argentine. "He's a guy who played very well in Miami [Cerundolo got to the semi-finals]," he added. "We haven't analysed the draw yet, but all the rivals on grass are difficult because it's a special surface and he [Cerundolo] comes from winning a good match at Queen's [over Pedro Martinez]." Nadal is seeded number two at this year's Wimbledon and cannot set up a potential meeting with great rival Novak Djokovic until the final. 