The coming-of-age story, Everything I Know About Love will be making its big debut on BBC One on Tuesday, June 7, at 10.40pm. Based on the memoir of the same name by Dolly Alderton, the drama follows the lives of four young women and the evolution of their friendship as romances come into the equation. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about watching Everything I Know About Love.  WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Everything I Know About Love. The book Everything I Know About Love came out in 2018, with author Dolly Alderton quickly winning herself a legion of fans. Since then, the BBC has picked up the memoir for its own drama, bringing Alderton's fictionalised version of life in her early 20s to life. Everything I Know About Love will take viewers back to 2012 when four friends had moved into their Camden houseshare. Unfortunately, their friendship is soon threatened as one of them gets a new boyfriend which alters all of their lives in some way. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Chas Dingle in heartbreaking baby adoption twist  Everything I Know About Love is a BBC mini-series made up of seven episodes in total. The drama is going to premiere on June 7, with a new episode coming out every Tuesday night from then on. This is until the series comes to an end, with the grand finale being shown on Tuesday, July 19. If you're eager to watch the whole series as soon as possible, there is an alternative. Everything I Know About Love is also going to be available to watch on the free streaming service BBC iPlayer. Once the first episode drops on the mainstream channel, all seven episodes will be ready to binge-watch at the click of a button. So there is no need to wait almost two months to find out how Alderton's story ends. BBC iPlayer is free with viewers only needing to register an email address to get access to its content. DON'T MISS...Rod Stewart 'disappointed' by Harry and Meghan's treatment of Queen [ROYAL]Sherwood star David Morrissey says British ‘sense of identity has ero [CAST]Poldark season 6: Will there be another series of Poldark? [EXPLAINER]  Author Alderton is also behind the drama, having written every episode of the new series. As well as, Everything I Know About Love, she is known for her novel Ghosts and for hosting various podcasts. She also has her own regular column Dear Dolly with Sunday Times' The Style. Directing the drama's first four episodes, was China Moo-Young and Julia Ford, known for Grace, The Bay and Happy Valley, directed the final two.    Starring as the fictionalised version of Alderton in the drama is actress Emma Appleton as Maggie. Her latest role was as Nancy Spungen in Danny Boyle's Pistol on Disney+. She is joined in the cast by actresses Bel Powley, Marli Su and Aliyah Oddofin. Everything I Know About Love premieres on Tuesday, June 7, at 10.40pm on BBC One.  