Call the Midwife is currently filming for its 12th season, with the Christmas Special set to be an emotional one as Trixie Franklin (played by Helen George). After the horrific train crash at the end of season 11, the residents of Nonnatus House will be on tenterhooks, especially Shelagh Turner (Laura Main), after her husband, Dr Turner (Stephen McGann), was involved. Laura recently opened up about her character's progression over the years and explained she has become "who she truly wanted to be". When Shelagh was first introduced to the show in season one, she was known as Sister Bernadette and was a shy and reserved woman. Despite not seeing a lot of personality from Shelagh, it was made clear to viewers she was struggling with her life as a nun after she was seen looking into a mirror, removing her veil and letting her hair down. Finding herself and knowing what she wanted in life, she renounced her vows and became a more confident midwifery nurse. Shelagh went on to marry Dr Turner after developing feelings for him in season two. READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen As their relationship became more series, it was revealed that Shelagh was told she would not be able to have children due to the damage caused to her fallopian tubes as a result of tuberculosis. Following the devastating news, Shelagh and Patrick tried to adopt, but their plans were thwarted after a background check revealed Patrick spent time in a military mental institution after serving in the Second World War. However, fighting their case and determined to start a family, they were delighted to adopt a baby girl who they named Angela. Season six saw the biggest shock for the pair as Shelagh learned she was pregnant, and despite some complications during the pregnancy, she gave birth to their son Edward Patrick Turner. Shelagh is also a step-mum to Patrick's son Timothy (Max Macmillan), who was supportive of their relationship. Touching on the progression of her character at the BFI and Radio Times Television Festival, Laura described Shelagh's progression as a "full circle moment". She explained: "Yeah, absolutely, she really juggles so much and for me a full circle moment to transition from nun to becoming Sheila Turner. "It felt like she became who she truly wanted to be when she put a nurse's uniform on because I felt serving others was as important to her. DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife boss teases return of much-loved characters  [INSIGHT]Stephen McGann children: Does the Call The Midwife star have kids? [LATEST]Call the Midwife star on being banned from reading scripts early [MORE] "I think it was also about Timothy, it was this boy she wanted to look after, his mum had passed away a year previously so her heart went out to them both and it was just fabulous. "She discovered she couldn't have children, so they adopted, then a surprise and now fostering as well. "And actually, now that the children are growing up a bit, I notice that Sheila is able to step up more and more to do more of the deliveries and the nursing and yeah." Laura also touched on what she has learnt through the role recently and told Sunda Post: "Being a midwife and nurse is all about thinking of others. "I’ve learnt a lot about that from playing the role. When you play a character, it does rub off on you, and it’s made me aware of being thoughtful and aware of other people’s needs.” In the latest season, Shelagh was plagued with worry when the train Dr Turner was on derailed and caused an explosion around Nonnatus House. However, she is soon reunited with her husband after crying to herself in the toilet at the thought of losing the love of her life. Shelagh is one of only two characters, the other being Sister Julienne (Jenny Agutter), to appear in every single episode. Call the Midwife series 1-11 is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.