Sky has been dishing out numerous offers over the past month, you can see all the best deals here, but its latest offering will please anyone who loves a quick Netflix boxset binge. That's because the satellite TV firm is currently giving customers the chance to tune into this popular streaming service without paying a penny for the privilege. The new deal features full access to the entire Netflix catalogue so you can watch endless episodes of Stranger Things or settle down for an afternoon of high octane action thanks to F1's Drive to Survive. As well as that Netflix access there are also over 300 Sky channels including Sky Max, Sky Atlantic and National Geographic plus you get the award-winning Sky Q box included as part of the contract. That means you can record multiple shows at the same time and view content in stunning 4K resolution. There's even a voice remote which allows you to find shows, pause content and skip the adverts simply by saying certain commands. As well as watching TV, there's another bonus of this deal as it also includes full access to Sky's broadband. When you sign up for the deal you'll get Superfast internet access which features speeds of 36Mbps. That's fast enough for a bit of web browsing, checking emails and streaming movies. So, how much is all this going to cost? Sky's TV & Superfast Broadband package is currently just £39 per month which is pretty good value when compared to some of its other plans. For example, the Sky Q Lite bundle costs £31 per month but that doesn't include any Sky channels (£9 extra per month) or any access to Netflix (an extra £6 per month). If that Sky and free Netflix option sounds enticing then you can find full details here. As well as that deal on Sky Q there's more good news for Sky customers. The firm's Glass TV, which launched late last year has finally got a deal which gives anyone who buys it a £100 Mastercard to be spent in stores that accepts this form of payment. This offer is available across the entire range of tellies including the 44-inch, 55-inch and 66-inch models. If you weren't already aware, Sky Glass offer an easy way to watch Sky's library of content without the need for a dish stuck to the wall. Everything is beamed to the big screen via your broadband connection making it simple to install and move to any room in your home. Live TV, catch up services and Sky's premium content can all be viewed plus there's a Playlists section that stores all of your favourite shows via the cloud. If you want to know more about Sky Glass then you can read our full review here.