Gethin Bennett was enjoying a walk in woodlands at around 6.30pm on Monday, June 27, when he heard barking behind him. He turned around to see a "small white dog" hurtling towards him and ran.  The 13-year-old, from Neston, Merseyside, has a fear of dogs which has haunted him since he was a young child, and was startled when he saw the dog running towards him. As he attempted to sprint away he tripped on a branch and banged his head on the floor. As well as banging his head, the schoolboy suffered a broken wrist. He managed to ring his mum, Emma, who came and picked him up and then rushed him to hospital. She has told the Liverpool Echo that when he got to Arrow Park A&E he "collapsed and turned grey". She said: "He saw a white dog and ran and while running away he tripped on a branch and broke his wrist. He's covered in cuts and bruises after banging his head as well.  "I didn't know he had banged his head when I picked him up so it's a good thing that I took him to the hospital to get him checked over. When we got to the hospital he completely collapsed and turned grey. He's now got a cast on his wrist." Emma Bennett, 42, said she's upset as the the incident has knocked Gethin's confidence. The exam invigilator said: "If the dog had been calm he wouldn't have run but it should not be off the lead, or at least the owner should have been keeping an eye on it. He's lost any confidence he had and doesn't want to go back to the woodlands again. "It's set him back in progress with getting over his fear of dogs. I don't know the full extent of how far it's set him back."   According to gov.uk, it’s against the law to let a dog be dangerously out of control anywhere, including a public place. Government guideance states your dog is out of control if it injures someone or makes someone worried that it might injure them. The guidance states: "You can get an unlimited fine or be sent to prison for up to 6 months (or both) if your dog is dangerously out of control. You may not be allowed to own a dog in the future and your dog may be destroyed. "If you let your dog injure someone you can be sent to prison for up to 5 years or fined (or both). If you deliberately use your dog to injure someone you could be charged with ‘malicious wounding’. "If you allow your dog to kill someone you can be sent to prison for up to 14 years or get an unlimited fine (or both). If you allow your dog to injure an assistance dog (for example a guide dog) you can be sent to prison for up to 3 years or fined (or both)."    It’s against the law to let a dog be dangerously out of control anywhere, such as: The law applies to all dogs.