Manchester United are apparently ‘highly unlikely’ to sign a new striker after failing to land Darwin Nunez. The Uruguay international has joined Liverpool instead after the Red Devils deemed Benfica’s demands to be too high. And though Erik ten Hag wants another hitman to ease the goalscoring burden on Cristiano Ronaldo, it appears he could be primed to miss out. Manchester United had been exploring the possibility of bringing Nunez to Old Trafford. But, with Benfica demanding an overall fee in the region of £85million, the Red Devils opted against snapping up the Uruguay international. Ten Hag is relaxed over that, knowing that any transfer would have tested United’s in-house strategies. But, now, Beyond the Pitch host Phil Brown has claimed on Twitter that United are ‘highly unlikely’ to sign a new central striker. That will be a blow to Ten Hag, who has wanted a fresh goal-getter to help ease the goalscoring responsibility on Ronaldo. The Portugal international scored 24 goals across all competitions last term after returning from Juventus after 12 years away. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer Yet at the age of 37, United know they can’t rely on Ronaldo forever as he approaches the twilight years of his career. If United fail to sign a striker, it’s possible they’ll try and recruit a new winger instead. Interest in Antony, of Ajax, has been put forward with the Brazilian sparkling under Ten Hag in Amsterdam last season. But any deal won’t be cheap, whereas other big teams in Europe are also in the mix to land the Samba star. United also have several players who can play down the middle, even if they’re wingers by trade. Marcus Rashford is expected to stay at Old Trafford, despite toiling under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last season. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links He previously was used down the middle by Louis van Gaal after bursting onto the scene in the 2015/2016 season. But Rashford ended up being used out wide under Jose Mourinho, who preferred to deploy the likes of Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Romelu Lukaku in the No 9 role instead. Jadon Sancho has spent the majority of his time as a winger, too. But he was sometimes used as a striker by Borussia Dortmund. It’s also worth remembering that Anthony Martial remains a United player, too. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz The France international was loaned to Sevilla back in January with the Red Devils hopeful his time in La Liga would pay off. But Martial struggled, scoring just a single goal during his spell with the Spanish side. However, he remains a United player and Ten Hag is expected to take a close look at the 26-year-old during the club’s pre-season tour. Meanwhile, when it comes to United’s transfer business this summer, Quinton Fortune recently had his say on the type of players they should be targeting. He said: "I have thought about that and it's a good question. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "It doesn't have to be big names. It's got to be the right characters to fit into the culture of Manchester United. "That is the thing to achieve again. It is very important. “Not every single player will have to be better to coach but the humility bit is what has got United so much success. "Yes, the teams I played in had individual characters but, when it came down to the team, there was so much humility in what they did and their work in winning the Champions League and championships but then they just came in ready to work again. “So, for me, it's the right characters."