Earlier this month Liam Payne saddened One Direction fans by talking openly about the band and sharing some behind-the-scenes details he had never revealed before. The Strip That Down singer claimed Simon Cowell wanted him to be in the band first, and the group was formed around him. He also opened up about how much he "didn't like" Zayn Malik. Malik has seemingly responded to these comments by posting a video on his Instagram account. The British star posted a short clip of himself singing the high notes from One Direction's third album, Midnight Memories. The clip shows off the star's talent and craft - and reiterates why he has often been called the "best singer" of the quintet. His fans were ecstatic by the clip. With one commenting: "This has saved my 2022." Another added: "Angel's voice." A third concurred: "HE STILL DON'T MISS!!!!" Another added: "june 1: losing hope for a one direction reunion just because liam payne couldn’t shut his mouth ... june 11: reviving my lost hope for a one direction reunion after hearing THE zayn malik sing an 8 seconds worth of one direction song in 2022." (sic) This is the first time Malik has referenced One Direction for some time after his exit. Malik unexpected quit 1D on March 25, 2015 during a world tour. His exit shocked fans, who he told he wanted to leave to live a "normal 22-year-old life". The rest of the band wished him well in a public statement, and they went their separate ways. Exactly one year later, on March 25, 2016, Zayn released his debut album, Mind of Mine. Malik's singing on Instagram follows Payne's comments about his upbringing. READ MORE: One Direction reunion odds crash after Liam Payne interview Payne recently appeared on the Logan Paul podcast where he discussed some aspects of being in One Direction. When the topic of his bandmates came up, he said there were "many reasons why he dislikes Zayn". With that, he added: "[There are] many reasons why I’ll always, always be on his side." He also compared his upbringing with Zayn's explaining the Bradford-born star had it much worse. DON'T MISS...One Direction reunion odds crash after Liam Payne interview [NEWS]'Desperate' One Direction star rejected for Elvis Presley movie [INFO]Harry Styles 'guaranteed' number one album - but bad news for 1D fans [INSIGHT] Payne said: "If I had had to go through what he went through, his growth and whatever else… My parents are overly supportive to the point where it’s annoying at times. Zayn had a different upbringing in that sense." These ongoing spats between the former 1D members have put a dampener on the ever-changing One Direction reunion odds. The band were recently awarded 5/1 odds to reunite by the end of the year from Ladbrokes. These odds were markedly worse than just a few months ago. But there is still hope. Ladbrokes also provided odds on One Direction getting back together in some way in 2023. They gave the band odds of 6/4 - meaning there is still some hope left. The brand's Alex Apati said: "A One Direction reunion could well be just around the corner, and while a 2022 comeback looks unlikely, the odds suggest the lads might finally get back together next year." SOURCE / SOURCE