Newcastle are closing in on their first signing of the summer after agreeing a £40million deal 'in principle' with Reims hotshot Hugo Ekitike. The Magpies have been courting the French striker for months and are now finally set to land their man ahead of the new Premier League campaign. Ekitike has been a Magpies target for months, and the Newcastle hierarchy attempted to lure the talented teenager to St James' Park back in January; however, the striker decided to remain in France until the end of the season. But a new report from RMC Sport, via GFFN, has claimed that Newcastle are finally on the verge of landing their man. Ekitike has 'agreed in principle' to join Eddie Howe's side, who will pay a sum of around €36m (£30.9m) plus a further €10m (£8.5m) in bonuses for the coveted striker's services. Despite being plagued by injury issues in the second half of the season, Ekitike has emerged as one of French football's hottest prospects over the past 12 months after a stunning breakthrough campaign with Reims. READ MORE: Man Utd join Christian Eriksen race as Erik ten Hag makes first transfer decision The 19-year-old had plundered nine Ligue 1 goals in 21 games for the French outfit before he was ruled out for almost three months with a serious hamstring injury at the end of February. And the France U20 international opened up on his decision to snub a move to the Premier League back in January, insisting that the timing for a big switch abroad simply "wasn't right". Ekitike told L'Equipe: “I have a lot of respect for that big club [Newcastle United]. However, it was all happening very quickly. The timing wasn’t right. It was better to stay here [with Reims], to play a full season, to establish myself.” READ MOREMan Utd can pay £2m more for better signing if Ajax star Jurrien Timber snubs transferPau Torres picks between Man Utd and Tottenham transfer as 'both clubs offer £45m'Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting However, the striker did open the door for a move to the Magpies this summer, adding: “I consider myself ready for anything. Whether that is staying here, or taking up a challenge that everyone agrees with [elsewhere].” While Ekitike is seemingly now poised to become Newcastle's first summer signing, it's unlikely he'll be the only new face through the door at St James' Park, as the club prepare for their first summer transfer under their mega-rich owners. The Magpies were taken over by a Saudi-backed consortium back in a £305million deal last October and splashed the cash to ensure their top-flight survival back in January. As well as Ekitike, Newcastle have also been linked with Everton striker Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Manchester United shot-stopper Dean Henderson and Lille defender Sven Botman.