School teacher Neil from Hertfordshire discussed having to pick up students and teachers this morning with host Nick Ferrari. The school teacher from Hertfordshire explained how much of an inconvenience the strikes were causing some of his colleagues, as one has to commute from Peterborough to London every day using national rail services. He claimed the strikes were a slap in the face to everyone who has been through the pandemic. The National Rail strikes have been imposed by trade union RMT because they're demanding the British Government increase their pay and stop job cuts to their sector. School teacher Neil told LBC Radio: "Yeah so I'm a secondary school teacher, this morning I took the school minibus and picked up a car full of staff and students on the way to school, so everyone can get into school and make their exams on time." Mr Ferrari added: "Yeah I like that, that's fantastic, that's the sort of enterprise and zeal that Mrs Thatcher would be proud of well done Neil." School teacher Neil said: "Thank you very much." Mr Ferrari added: "And everyone was on board, everybody enjoyed it?" School Teacher Neil said: "Yeah very much so, I saved a £12 trip that I'd normally pay to get the train into work." Mr Ferrari asked: "So you took the minibus home last night did you and then worked out a plan of campaign on how to get in?" JUST IN: Prince William had to quit degree as he admits he fell ASLEEP during university lectures     School Teacher Neil added: "Yeah sure, I set five pick-up points, only three were used, I picked them up on the way this morning and we got in from Hertfordshire all the way into Hackney, I made it in about an hour, and a half, so I got in about seven forty." Mr Ferrari said: "Now presumably there might be the end-of-year exams, there might be more important GCSEs and A-levels today, are there?" School teacher Neil said: "There are yeah, I also put out a note to all the year teams, to see if there are any year 11 students that were directly affected by it, and we could of also picked them up as well." Mr Ferrari said: "What's it looking like in the corridors, have the exams started... What time do exams start, nine or have they started already?" He added: "Usually nine o'clock, but I think a lot of our students... We get them in really early, we provide them breakfast and run additional extra exam support." Mr Ferrari said: "Is it feeling about full the school, roughly where it would be, is it looking a little bit empty, how would you characterise it, Neil?" Neil added: "We actually offered a later start for everyone because we got staff coming... Even though we're sort of inner East London, we've got staff coming from as far as Peterborough, every day." READ MORE: Keir Starmer picks side in Brexit debate as Labour rules out bringing back free movement   Mr Ferrari added: "Good, and do you support the strikers?" School teacher Neil said: "No, not at all they've all the time in the world to make strikes, they can make their point whenever they want. "To do it now it now is just a slap in the face to everyone whos been through the pandemic."  School teachers and students are not the only people around the UK facing travel delays due to the ongoing strikes. Some Britons seeking medical care are unable to receive the treatments they need due to the disruptions. The strike seems to be impacting most people, but hitting the most vulnerable in society the hardest. The RMT union boss Mick Lynch has been pushing the Government for a 7% pay rise for rail staff and has been seeking to have a meeting with Government Minister Grant Shapps who is the Secretary of Transport in order to get his demands met. Mr Shapps has been pushing back on the RMT union travel disruptions and has been discussing changing the law to stop unions from being allowed to cause chaos. DON’T MISS: Zelensky praises ‘strong guys and girls’ amid Russian onslaught in the DonbasVladimir Putin backed by 'network' holding £3.7billion in assets, report claimsDoctor who quizzed woman on sex life will be back in 6 months     Despite Mr Lynch's demands to meet with Mr Shapps, he has been hesitant to do so explaining why on Sky News this morning. Mr Shapps told Sky News: “If I thought there was even a one in a million chance of my being in the room would help sort it out then I would be there. “Mick Lynch, who is the head of the RMT, said last month that he would never negotiate, in his words, with a Tory Government.” Mr Shapps added: “It wouldn't help, in fact, it would actually undermine, for ministers to walk in the room.” 