The next event of the famous British Touring Car Championship (BTCC) will return to Oulton Park in Cheshire today with thousands of fans in attendance. The race is considered one of the most popular in the entire season and promises action-packed drama. The picturesque track was built over 60 years ago and placed amid the gorgeous Cheshire landscape. The event is expected to bring over 40,000 spectators including families who will enjoy the “campsite” atmosphere. Having been the first event after the BTCC’s annual summer break in 2021, Oulton Park returns to its usual mid-June slot, with the Cheshire venue hosting Rounds 10, 11 and 12 in 2022. The Oulton Park track has 12 corners and is 2.23 miles long. READ MORE: Ex-traffic warden fined for parking on 'faded' double yellow line The first BTTC event in Cheshire took place in 1960. As of now, the race lap record belongs to Tom Ingram who set the time of 1.26.026 minutes in 2021. The race is available to watch live on ITV and ITV Hub from 12:10pm today. It is expected to run until 15:10pm. DON'T MISS Martin Lewis tells drivers how to find the cheapest fuel [ADVICE] EV driving range should no longer be seen as a problem for drivers [REVEAL] The future of motoring will be fully electric [INSIGHT] Drivers that spectators should look out for include Adam Morgan and Jake Hill. Morgan came back victorious from the event at Thruxton and is now preparing himself for a home race. The Lancastrian did not have much luck at his “home” track before it all changed for him last season. The BMW 3 Series racer reached the rostrum twice last year and will be looking to keep his championship challenge on track today. The 33-year-old said: “I’m really looking forward to my home race weekend at Oulton Park. “We always have lots of local support and it’s also great to see so many of our guests and sponsors in attendance. “It’s a fantastic circuit and we come here in confident mood after the win at Thruxton.” However, Jake Hill will be looking to spoil Morgan’s party. Hill has recently seen victory at the opening round at Donington Park followed by a further three podium finishes. He currently occupies fifth place in the Drivers' Championship standings, with 103 points. Heading to Oulton Park, Hill will look forward to getting back behind the wheel of his WSR-run BMW 330e M Sport. He said: “Oulton Park is always a highlight of the season and one of my personal favourites. “The WSR-BMWs have had strong results here before so I'm feeling very confident we can have a successful weekend and score plenty of points for ROKiT MB Motorsport. “Last weekend I had the chance to race a BMW Touring Car of a very different kind - a 1975 BMW 3.0 CSL - racing at Dijon in France which was incredible - but now I'm looking forward to getting back in my BMW 330e for round four of the BTCC." Mark Blundell, Sporting Director of ROKiT MB Motorsport, added: “We all love the trip to Oulton Park, one of the prettiest race circuits in the world. “Jake and the team have a good track record here so we head to the circuit with high hopes. “We had two trips to the podium from three races, last time out at Thruxton, and that was on a circuit not best suited to our car. “Jake is in superb form and we're all very excited to see what we can do this weekend."