Helen Skelton has shared an insight into a day out with her children after the news of her split from husband Richie Myler. The presenter was all smiles as she posed for the poignant Instagram post with her little ones.    Helen, 38, took to instagram to share her joy with her 305,000 followers. The Countryfile star penned the sweet snaps: “Squad [heart emoji] these are the days. “Weekend well spent #family.” (sic) The first picture saw Helen cuddling her six-year-old son Ernie on a sports field. READ MORE: Elton John ‘booed by crowd’ at farewell tour after Newcastle quip     The star wore a black denim jumpsuit with a zip running down the front. Helen accessorised her look with some black wedged sandal heels and some shades. Ernie looked adorable as he was all smiles in a pink and purple shirt and black shorts. The next snap saw the mum-of-three holding her next oldest son Louis, five, in her arms.       The photo revealed Helen had also thrown on some silver bangles to compliment her look. The nature-loving presenter also wore her long blonde hair in a natural down-do. Louis looked cute in a black top, matching black shorts and a pair of white trainers. The third picture was of Helen holding tiny six-month-old Elsie Kate. READ MORE... Ex-Olympic swimmer Sharron Davies calls for transgender ban [LATEST] Johnny Depp warns fans to 'remain cautious' after Amber Heard trial [NEWS] 'Never understood people obsessed with money', says Beatles' star's ex [NEWS]       In this photograph, Helen had removed her shades to reveal she was wearing some subtle makeup as she smiled at the camera. Elsie Kate looked like a ray of sunshine in a bright yellow dress. Helen shares her three children with Richie, whom she married in 2013. She took to Instagram on April 26 to announce the end of their marriage just four months after her daughter was born.     At the time she wrote: “Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. "He has left the family home. "We will be doing our best to co-parent our small children." She concluded the message with two broken heart emojis.   