The police confirmed the collapse of a young man on a ride at Paignton Green, Devon, last night was not caused by a safety issue. Police stepped in to correct social media posts about the incident and have confirmed today: "Officers attended the scene and there was nothing to suggest that the incident was anything to do with the safety of the ride itself."  Devon Air Ambulance attended but the young man was taken to hospital by land ambulance after the incident at 6pm Monday, May 31, Devon Live reports. The owners of the Anderton and Rowlands Fun Fair immediately closed for the night and informed all the relevant safety agencies under normal protocols. The fair has reopened today. The statement from Paignton Police today said: "There have been a lot of posts on local social media about an incident that occurred at 6pm yesterday at the Fair on Paignton Green where a young male had a medical episode on a ride. He was transported to hospital where his condition continues to be monitored. Our thoughts are with him and his family and we wish him a speedy recovery. "Officers attended the scene and there was nothing to suggest that the incident was anything to do with the safety of the ride itself. The male appears to have suffered a distressing medical episode. As per normal protocols, the fair owner has informed the relevant agencies of the incident. We would like to thank the fair staff for their invaluable assistance to the emergency services yesterday." In a statement issued immediately after the incident, Anderton and Rowlands Fun Fair said: "At approximately 6pm today, an incident occurred on one of our rides. The passenger, a male in his early 20s, passed out whilst the ride was operational.  "When the ride stopped he was put into the recovery position and an ambulance was called. There was no accident or defect on the ride. We are in contact with the boy's family. We wish him a speedy recovery and look forward to seeing him again soon." The spokesperson also confirmed that the funfair has reopened today.