With the weather getting warmer and following International Picnic Day on June 18, picnic ideas sky-rocketed as people go all out to level up their baskets to enjoy in the summer sun. But experts in nutrition have warned picnic-goers to "be mindful" of what they pack. Market leaders of nutritionally complete food yfood, found that over 40 percent of Britons only eat junk food when they are out and about. The food-tech innovators revealed in order to prioritise nutrition whilst being away from home, people should be supplying their bodies with 26 key essential nutrients. They outlined some of the simple and easy food swaps that can make your picnic that little bit healthier but just as tasty. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Market leaders of nutritionally complete food yfood, found that over 40 percent of Britons only eat junk food when they are out and about. The food-tech innovators revealed in order to prioritise nutrition whilst being away from home, people should be supplying their bodies with 26 key essential nutrients. They outlined some of the simple and easy food swaps that can make your picnic that little bit healthier but just as tasty.  A pasta salad is a substantial meal, but experts have suggested swapping it for a wholegrain option. "It's higher in fibre and contains more vitamin E, B vitamins and antioxidants than white," they said. Another smart option is courgetti or boodles to boost your vegetable intake. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Made from chickpeas, hummus has lots of benefits that healthy eaters are crazy about, which include a mega dose of key vitamins and minerals with a hearty amount of protein. The experts said: "If you’re not a hummus lover, go for a homemade guacamole. "Avocado is a total super food with healthy monounsaturated fats, vitamins A and C and fibre." Carrots, celery and bell pepper strips are all tasty options that will pair well with real cheeses, meats and whole grain crackers. Staying hydrated is essential all year round, but especially when spending a day in the sun. And while sugary drinks may taste refreshing at first, they can be quite dehydrating. "Sip smartly to avoid headaches and to make sure you get the right amount of fluid on a warm day," experts said. "Lemon or other fruit-infused water is a great alternative, also serving as an energy booster when being hit by heatwave fatigue." Bread has long been a picnic favourite, but the adored carb doesn’t have as much fibre as equally enjoyable options. "Make a simple swap and grab a box of whole grain crackers to add in the nutritional benefit of quinoa, pumpkin seeds, flax or whatever you choose, for a healthier fix," the experts advised.