There’s no modest way to answer that, especially as that was the official title for us lot, the varied bunch of Treasures from Debbie McGee to Sir Mo Farah, all booked to wave to the crowds from the top of a bus. And the Treasures were all thrilled skinny to be part of such a unique event. No matter how celebrated and sophisticated they were, how many red carpets they had trodden, how many Olympic medals they had won, how many records they had sold, or broken, it was like being back at school about to get on a bus for our first school trip. We giggled and gossiped and took selfies of ourselves with other Treasures. It was an unbelievable privilege to take part in such a unique event. I had been up at dawn Sunday morning, wrestling with the perennial problem in an English summer, what to wear for a smart outdoor occasion when you have no idea whether it’ll be warm and sunny or bitterly cold and rainy? And in any case, what is the dress code for parading through the streets in an open-top Platinum Jubilee pageant bus? Red, white and blue seemed appropriate and I do have scarlet thermals and a crimson mackintosh, left over from years spent filming in freezing June weather. I decided a white shirt and blue jeggings would work patriotically. And thank heavens that trainers are fashionable since I knew I would have to scramble up and down the bus staircase as we rumbled and swayed our way to the start of the procession. I was assigned to a bus representing the seventies, with national treasures of the decade like Angela Rippon and Lorraine Chase. It was a momentous decade in my own life with the launch of the consumer show That’s Life, and also my own wedding and the birth of two of my children. But there was a delightful serendipity about the decades we were assigned, lovely Bonnie Langford was on the fifties bus and she wasn’t even born then, while Shirley Ballas was on ours, when Strictly wasn’t born or thought of. Breakfast was a brilliant chance to people watch. Wayne Sleep was in silver brocade posing with Pudsey, Basil Brush was complaining that the Queen had tea with Paddington instead of him, Anthea Turner gave me helpful tips about tidying my study to look more professional when Zooming. Since Covid forced us all to be antisocial it’s been years since I’ve had so many conversations. We had to arrive at the Conference Centre four hours early because all the streets around Westminster and Buck House were about to be closed, so we were supplied with salmon salad and hair and makeup, and a sofa with plaster corgis if we needed a few more selfies. I’d brought a fascinator to look more celebratory. My daughter didn’t think it went with the red mack but Dame Joan arrived with a pink net confection and her taste is impeccable so the hairdresser kindly skewered my red and blue one on with grips to withstand the wind and I thought if you’ve got it, flaunt it. The buses were parked on Horse Guards Parade, a brisk walk from the Conference Centre, thank heavens for the trainers. A scramble up the bus stairs and speakers began to blast out music from the speakers. “The best decade for music” Angie Rippon said, and Craig Charles agreed. I preferred the Sixties but to admit it would have been disloyal. So with Bowie getting Shirley Ballas grooving, our seventies bus started towards Whitehall. To say it was driving at walking pace would be an overestimation. We were following a troupe of hula-hoopers and space-hoppers so we couldn’t move faster than they could bounce and twerk. Which meant that we’d frequently slow down to a standstill and would smile at the crowd and they would smile back and keep on waving until we moved off again.. And then we began to experience what the Queen has practiced so professionally for seventy years, how to wave to happy crowds without letting the smile drop or the wrist flop. It’s harder than it looks. But when someone in the crowd works out who you are and shouts your name it is oddly rewarding. And Johnny Ball swears that the Royals sitting in their box waved just at him, which is clearly a skill the royals have perfected. They know how to make everyone feel they’re waving just for them. We were bussed back to Buckingham Palace hoping the Queen herself might be there so we could sing the national anthem just for her. To our joy the Royal Standard was flying, and yes, just as Ed Sheeran finished Her Majesty appeared and the huge crowd crammed around our rostrum sang their hearts out. She waved, smiled, waved again and was gone. It was her day. But as I stood on the rostrum wedged between two Dames, Twiggy and Kelly Holmes, we turned to each other with tears in our eyes. Because it was clear that she was there for us. She wanted to create happy memories for us, she had said so, and she knew we wanted the day to end with her smile. Her day, and she gave it to us. A memory to treasure.