Armenia star Arman Hovhannisyan flew into an angry rage during Wednesday night's clash with Scotland as he picked up a plastic bottle and hurled it towards the linesman. The moment of madness came after Scott McKenna looked to have put his side three in front, before VAR overturned the tap-in. The incident largely went unnoticed before replays were shown at half-time, and Hovhannisyan escaped punishment for what surely would have seen him sent off if seen by officials. Scotland's John McGinn clocked the outburst, however, and ran straight over to the referee to plead his case. The linesman running back towards the halfway line also came at a fortunate time for the Armenian, given that he was facing the other way when the bottle came flying towards him. Former Scottish international James McFadden told Premier Sports: "That is incredible. JUST IN: Leeds complete second summer signing and Victor Orta is already 'working on' number three "To even think about picking a bottle up and throwing it towards the official, and getting away with it. They have VAR, they have cameras everywhere, they should be looking at that." Alan Hutton, who reached a half-century of caps for Scotland, added: "The thing is, you see players get frustrated and fling things off the ground, but that's in the direction of the linesman. You shouldn't be getting away with that. It's terrible and he should be getting punished." DON'T MISS: Ecuador 'to be kicked out of World Cup' as lawyer claims player 'faked birth certificate'  It remains to be seen whether Hovhannisyan faces retrospective punishment for his angry outburst now that the footage is out in the open. The left-back stayed on the pitch for the duration of the match, which Scotland won 2-0 thanks to first-half goals from Anthony Ralston, who was making his first start, and Scott McKenna. The result catapults Scotland to the top of League B Group 1, having collected maximum points on home turf. An enticing clash with the Republic of Ireland is already pencilled in for June 11, before things could get fiery again when Scotland head to Armenia for the return fixture. The Scots were still in contention to reach the 2022 World Cup at the start of the month, before they lost to Ukraine in their play-off semi-final. Wales then faced the same opponents on Sunday and earned a narrow 1-0 victory to reach their first finals since 1958. 