Lewis Hamilton does not want Mercedes to begin designing a car for the 2023 season without learning from their current problems. The seven-times world champion has endured a dismal year and is way behind the world championship leaders. Hamilton has recorded just one podium finish - which came in the first race of the year in Bahrain. He has struggled with several performance-related issues in his W13 vehicle, especially with the car bouncing. The 37-year-old is unlikely to catch up with Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc in his hunt for a record eighth championship. Some have suggested that he should instead focus on next season. However, Hamilton has rubbished talk of thinking about 2023, insisting that Mercedes will not be able to build a new car without understanding their current problems. He believes his team could ‘easily’ get it wrong once again. JUST IN: Three options for Ricciardo if McLaren CEO axes struggling Aussie “I think we need to find out what’s wrong with this car before we can make another car. If we started making another car we could easily get it wrong,” Hamilton was quoted as saying by Spanish outlet Mundo Deportivo. “I think it’s about understanding this fully, which we haven’t done yet, and giving us a path to where to go.” Despite that, Hamilton has admitted that there are several elements to his W13 that he would not want included next season. He added: “There are definitely a lot of things I wouldn’t want from this car in next year’s car, so I’ve already included them.” DON'T MISS...Lewis Hamilton has perfect opportunity to prove Eddie Jordan wrongLewis Hamilton mid-race Monaco GP helmet change explained by MercedesGeorge Russell has knocked Lewis Hamilton off his perch Mercedes appeared to be over their ‘porpoising’ problems at the Spanish Grand Prix, with Hamilton’s team-mate George Russell recording a P3 finish. Russell has ended every race in the top five this season, which has led to further confusion over Hamilton’s performances. But the team struggled in Monaco, with Hamilton claiming it is the bumpiest track he has ever driven on. They must now look ahead to Azerbaijan and Canada before both drivers return to the home race at Silverstone in a month’s time. Team principal Toto Wolff believes the ‘porpoising’ - prompted by Formula One’s switch to ground-effect aerodynamics - has been resolved and that the problems faced in Monaco were caused by other flaws in the car. The Austrian told journalists after the Grand Prix: “I don’t think we’ve had bouncing again. We are hitting the ground in a very different way. The car is too stiff, too low.”