The Queen was seen without her walking stick as she held a meeting with the Archbishop of Canterbury on Tuesday, which also happened to be her grandson Prince William's 40th birthday. During the audience at Windsor Castle, the monarch was presented with a special Canterbury Cross for her "unstinting service" to the Church of England over the course of her 70-year reign. Speaking on Sky News, royal historian Robert Hardman discussed the "significant" message behind the new images. Speaking of the images, Mr Hardman said: "Well, I think it's very significant. "These are the sort of images we were seeing during lockdown of a monarch still very much in charge. "[She is] going about her duties." He added: "This is, sort of, the nuts and bolts, if you like, in monarchy", adding that it's the "day-to-day stuff that we've never normally see". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Vicious Harry and Meghan divorce report crushed after fan frenzy The royal expert said that the photos show she is "clearly in good spirits". He added that Windsor [Castle] is "very much, clearly, home now" and "it's the office now". He continued: "There she was ready to meet the Archbishop" and was "clearly very pleased to see him". Earlier this month, the monarch held celebrations for her Platinum Jubilee over a jam-packed four-day bank holiday weekend. READ MORE: 'The biggest insult' Prince Harry and Meghan 'very slighted' by Charles Jubilee gesture Prior to the weekend, it was decided that the monarch's attendance would only be confirmed on each day due to her ongoing mobility struggles. She did, in fact, have to pull out of a number of events, during the weekend, because of her episodic mobility problems. The 96-year-old has had to miss out on various events in recent months, such as the Opening of State Parliament in May. At the time, Buckingham Palace released a statement. It read: “The Queen continues to experience episodic mobility problems, and in consultation with her doctors has reluctantly decided that she will not attend the State Opening of Parliament." DON'T MISS It was also previously announced that the Queen would not be hosting any of her annual Buckingham Palace garden parties. In the event of her absence, other senior members of the Royal Family attend to represent the reigning monarch. Prince Charles and Prince William have represented the Queen at many recent events. READ NEXT: