The Prince of Wales and the Duke of Cambridge will speak separately about their personal memories of their mother and grandmother at the Buckingham Palace concert, it has been reported. They have been working on their tributes in the build up to the Platinum Jubilee festivities.  Both royals aim to capture the monarch's contribution to the nation, commonwealth and family. A decade ago at a similar concert during the Diamond Jubilee Prince Charles was cheered by a crowd after he addressed the Queen as: "Your Majesty… Mummy." The Prince went on to lead the crowd with a rendition of "hip hip hooray". On Friday, both Clarence House and Kensington Palace confirmed that William will also be sharing his thoughts.  It comes as Sir Rod Stewart, one of the performers at this year's Platinum Party at the Palace concert, paid tribute to the Queen. In a moving tribute, Sir Rod said that the royal matriarch was "almost like a sister". He said: "It’s pride in being British. It’s the pageantry, the romance. "I’ve grown up with this woman. I was seven when she came to the throne so she’s always been part of my life, and the fact that I’ve met her on several occasions makes it even more important for me. READ MORE: Kate and Meghan caught in VERY frosty reunion seated metres apart  "She has been so much part of my life, almost like a sister. "She has always been in the background of my life." Sir Rod also told BBC News that he will be singing a song that he hasn't performed before. Sir Elton John has pre-recorded his performance, but other artists will perform in person including Diana Ross, Duran Duran and Sam Ryder - the runner up in this year's Eurovision song contest. DON'T MISS: Duke fumes after UK crowds heckle him and Meghan [REVEAL] Queen last-minute diary change scuppers Harry and Meghan Netflix plan [INSIGHT] Lady Louise Windsor sparks frenzy – 'Humble and adorable' [SPOTLIGHT]  Queen will open the concert in a tribute to the 2002 Golden Jubilee when Brian May played God Save the Queen from the roof of Buckingham Palace. Speaking about Saturday's concert, Mr May said he would attempt to top his performance at the Golden Jubilee. He said: "There was a moment when I wondered: after the Buckingham Palace roof, where can you go? Well, you will see." Diana Ross will make her first live UK performance in 15 years at the concert. Ms Ross, who is said to be a firm favourite of the Prince of Wales, described the Queen as an "inspiration". She said: "I have had the honour of meeting the Queen many times throughout my life, including when I was with my family. "Her Majesty has and continues to be such an incredible inspiration to so many across the world and I was absolutely delighted to receive an invitation to perform on such a momentous and historic occasion." 