Nick Kyrgios has called out double standards after addressing Andy Murray's underarm serve during his first-round Wimbledon match. The Aussie first started the trend of using the controversial tactic in a match against Rafael Nadal three years ago and claimed he received backlash for the shot while players like Murray were lauded for being a "genius". Kyrgios has urged people to "watch back" his 2019 Mexico Open second-round clash with Nadal as he pinpointed the backlash he received for bringing back the underarm serve trend after being asked about Murray's use of the tactic. The Brit hit an underam serve against James Duckworth in his first-round match at Wimbledon on Monday and the world No 40 has addressed the difference in reaction. "Well, I actually remember the first time I did it, was against Nadal in Acapulco. Actually watch it back. Everyone should just watch that back," he said when asked about reviving the trend of using the serve. "The commentators were like, 'What's he done here? It's so disrespectful. Why would he do that?'" And the six-time title winner addressed the double standards in the response he saw Murray receive as he added: "Now it's like, 'So smart. Andy Murray, so smart.'" JUST IN: Piers Morgan brands Nick Kyrgios a ‘d***’ over Wimbledon rants  The Australian Open doubles champion pointed out that he was criticised for using the serve in "one" point during the three-set epic that he beat Nadal in three years ago while players were now lauded as "geniuses" if they did the same. "I'm just like, What on earth? I'm playing Rafael Nadal for like three hours. I couldn't win a point. I threw in one underarm serve. They say, 'I don't know if there's a place in the game for that.' Everyone does it now. It's like they're a genius," he said. DON'T MISSWimbledon Covid chaos deepens as Rafael Nadal picture emerges'What a muppet' - Nick Kyrgios torn apart over ranting at WimbledonRaducanu told four key things to do to challenge Swiatek at Wimbledon  "So, like, I don't know. I'm glad that people are realizing that's a different way to win the point. I think it's just hilarious." While Kyrgios was quick to point out the backlash he received when he first used the underarm serve, he was in good spirits talking about the topic during his on-court interview following his 3-6 6-1 7-5 6-7(3) 7-5 win.  "I heard about it but I didn’t actually see it and apparently he won the point," he said. "I asked about it in the locker room and I said oh it’s pretty bad but he said he won it. We have some good chats in the locker room." 