More than two million pensioners are living in poverty according to The Centre for Ageing Better’s annual State of Ageing report. Yet, hundreds of thousands are missing out on money from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) which could make a big difference to their lives. While no one can escape the cost of living crisis, people on a low income including pensioners are some of the hardest hit. As energy bills are set to rise again in October, has today issued a reminder to pensioners and their families to check whether they are receiving all the financial help they are entitled to. Nearly one million (850,000) state pension age Britons are missing out on Pension Credit which would increase their income. It also ensures they get extra help in the form of housing benefit, support for mortgage interest and a free TV licence. READ MORE: Pensioners offered major retirement boost after 'years in the doldrums Pensioners are usually eligible for pension credit if they earn less than £182.60 a week. Applying for this state benefit will mean their earnings are topped up to £182.60 a week if they are single. Couples will qualify if they earn less than £287.70 together and will have their earnings topped up to this amount if they don’t. On average, Pension Credit can be worth up to £3,300 per year, but that’s not the only thing pensioners who don’t claim are losing out on. DON'T MISSWho qualifies for a cost of living payment - in full [INSIGHT]Yorkshire Building Society offering marketing leading 2.10% [UPDATE]Woman, 83, shares struggle with new card payment rules [ALERT] Pension Credit is the most under-claimed benefit in the UK, despite the support it can offer pensioners. It acts as a gateway benefit to other benefits and “freebies” that could help pensioners make huge savings on their energy bills. Some people are put off applying because they earn just less than the threshold but it’s important to note that just qualifying for a little bit of Pension Credit opens up the door to so many other freebies that could save people thousands. Minister for Pensions Guy Opperman said: “We recognise the challenges some pensioners will be facing with the cost of living which is why promoting Pension Credit is a priority.  He continued: “We’re calling on everyone with retired family, friends and loved ones to check in with them and see if they can get this extra financial support, which could make a huge difference to people’s everyday lives." Martin Lewis, founder and chair of MoneySavingExpert.com, said: "Amidst the cost of living crisis, it’s a national tragedy that getting on for a million pensioners are missing out on a major income boost. "My simple rule of thumb is if you (or someone you know) are aged 66 or older, and have total income of under roughly £200 a week, get online or call the Pension Credit claim line to see if you’re due a payment that can be as much as £3,300 a year. "I’m not saying everyone will get it, but many will, and it only takes a few minutes to find out. So don’t stall, just call." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Pension credit claimants may also be able to claim: