With many people looking to tone up for summer, some experience stubborn belly fat that just won't go away. While having a certain amount of fat around your middle is essential as it surrounds your vital organs, too much excess fat can be linked to serious health conditions such as heart attacks or stroke. There is some good news for those struggling to beat the bulge as losing this unwanted type of fat can be achieved with the right types of food. Nutrition experts at Barbend have revealed the top 10 foods that people should add into their diets in order to help burn stubborn belly fat and keep them healthy. Salmon is a lean protein which is packed with omega-3s, making it extremely beneficial for weight loss as the body must work harder to digest it. Barbend's experts said: "Salmon is a great source of omega-3 fatty acids which are shown to reduce inflammation and promote fat burning. "Studies show that fish oil supplementation can help to reduce weight and the stress hormone cortisol, which is also linked to fat storage." Broccoli – as well as cauliflower and Brussels sprouts – are high in fibre and nutrients that keep your body burning fat. Broccoli also contains calcium, which is good for healthy joints as well as weight loss. Steaming broccoli is the best way to reap the full fat-burning effects because it gives you the best chance of absorbing the nutrients. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Green tea has long been hailed a weight loss go-to, renowned as one of the best fat-burning foods. It’s loaded with antioxidants such as epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG) which helps speed up metabolism and it also contains a small amount of caffeine, which can speed up metabolic rate and increase fat-burning if drunk before exercise. Experts recommended people add it into their diets by drinking one cup every day. Whole grains are high in fibre, which can enhance weight loss, digestion and blood sugar levels. Foods such as oats, quinoa, brown rice, whole grain bread and cereals can all help aid fat loss. "Eating whole grains has also been shown to reduce appetite and influence your body’s energy use, both of which can affect body composition," Barbend's experts explained. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Blueberries are many people's go-to fruit option as they have a high water content and are lower in sugar than other fruits without sacrificing sweetness. Experts added: "Not only do they count as one of your five a day, but blueberries can also contribute towards burning fat - especially belly fat. "Their high antioxidant content helps keep you healthy, too." Chillies can help to stimulate metabolism, having a thermogenic effect which speeds up the metabolism and the rate at which your body uses energy. Thermogenesis works by raising our body temperature, and people may find they burn more calories during this process just by being warm. Research has also revealed that the capsaicin in chilli peppers suppressed hunger, leading to less calorie intake and weight loss. Adding chillies to some of your favourite meals is an easy way to incorporate them into your diet. "Starting the day off with some eggs can be an effective part of a weight loss plan," advise Barbend's experts. "Eggs are extremely high in protein that can promote fat-burning." This is because protein speeds up metabolic rate in any case, which can be as much as 30 percent after eating high-quality protein. It is also essential for building and maintaining muscle mass and "the more muscle you have, the more metabolically active you’ll be". Cinnamon has been found to suppress people's appetites, regulate blood sugar levels and speed up metabolism. This all helps to stop the body from storing fat. Experts recommend incorporating it into a daily diet plan by sprinkling some on porridge or adding it into smoothies. Avocados are usually always found on a weight loss diet as they are rich in vitamin B6, which "directly counteracts the bell fat building stress hormone, cortisol," said the experts. "They're also full of monounsaturated fat, which may prevent body fat distribution around the belly by downregulating the expression of certain fat genes." A meal suggestion could be adding it to breakfasts or making guacamole and having it as a snack. Full-fat Greek yoghurt contains conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) which promotes fat burning as the probiotics naturally found in the yoghurt support good gut bacteria which is key to weight loss. Other added benefits such as amino acids, vitamin D and calcium which are all found in yoghurt can also speed up fat burning. Adding blueberries, as mentioned above, can make for a great breakfast for those looking to lose weight.