Barcelona believe there’s ‘no going back’ when it comes to Frenkie de Jong, according to reports. Manchester United are continuing to ramp up their efforts as they look to sign the 25-year-old in this summer’s transfer window. However, there’s still work to do if this deal is to get over the line. Barcelona thought they’d struck gold when they beat Paris Saint-Germain to the signing of De Jong back in the summer transfer window of 2019, when Ernesto Valverde ruled the roost. However, the Netherlands international has often struggled for consistency at the Nou Camp and will be allowed to leave the club this summer. It’s an open secret that Manchester United want to land the 25-year-old, with new Red Devils boss Erik ten Hag previously managing De Jong at Ajax. And, now, Spanish journalist Alfredo Martinez has said on Onda Cero Radio that there’s ‘no going back’ for the midfielder. It’s claimed Barcelona have decided to sell, and are sticking to their guns. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez And that bodes well for United, who remain in talks with the La Liga titans as they look to haggle a fee. Barcelona have made it clear they want a fee of £73million in order to let their midfielder go, a fee that would make him the Red Devils’ joint-fourth most-expensive signing of all time. But United, aware that their fellow European giants are trying to get as much money as possible, don’t want to go that high. United have already failed with an offer of £60m plus add-ons. Yet there remains an expectancy this deal will get done and that De Jong will be strutting his stuff under Ten Hag again next season. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen If De Jong does move to United, he’ll become the eighth player to have turned out for both the Red Devils and Ajax over the years. Frank Stapleton left the Red Devils back in the 1980s, moving to Amsterdam after being deemed surplus to requirements by a young Sir Alex Ferguson. Arnold Muhren moved to United from Ajax at a similar time, with Jesper Olsen heading in the opposite in 1984. United got the best from Jaap Stam when he touched down from the Dutch side, with the centre-back helping the club win the treble in 1999. And Edwin van der Sar, Daley Blind, Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Donny van de Beek have also both played for both clubs, too. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team De Jong will also become United’s sixth signing from La Liga since Ferguson walked away back in 2013. With Louis van Gaal at the helm, Ander Herrera, Angel Di Maria and Victor Valdes all arrived. Under Jose Mourinho, the Red Devils snapped up Eric Bailly. And Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was successful in raiding Real Madrid for Raphael Varane just 12 months ago. Meanwhile, speaking recently to The Metro, Gary Pallister expressed a belief De Jong would be a good addition to United. “Barcelona know how desperate United are to bring in players,” Pallister added. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “They are going to push to the nth degree to get whatever money they can and that is the case whenever United come knocking. “They are still seen as one of the richest clubs in the world. “Hopefully they can get that deal done, de Jong is at the right age, has plenty of experience and is the type of player that can really express himself at a place like United. “He is used to the pressure and the spotlight having been at Barcelona so he would certainly tick a box. “Midfield has been an area of concern.”