Britain's Got Talent judge Amanda Holden left viewers in shock and distracted on Friday night as she debuted her over-the-top dress. In homage to the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, Amanda sported a dress with a long veil with the Union Jack printed on it, with a red corset top and crown. However, viewers flurried to social media to express their thoughts on her style. Taking to their Twitter accounts, @flossyrambles commented: "Oh god, what is Amanda wearing #BGT." Katie Moore exclaimed: "What the hell is Amanda wearing #BGT." @pennypitstop33 joked: "That’s a lot of Aldi plastic bags, Amanda! #BGT." Faisal Latif added: "Amanda’s outfit is cringe, haha #bgt." READ MORE: Rod Stewart admits Penny has ‘thing’ for Prince Charles @dagiye asked: "Is Amanda supposed to be the Queen or something? #BGT", accompanied with a rolling eye emoji. However, not all viewers had a negative opinion about Amanda's dress, with @JaneyBaby88 praised: "Well Amanda looks stunning! Going all out in spirit of the Queens big weekend!" (sic) As they took their seats, hosts Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly joined them at the panel to see how they were feeling ahead of the final sem-finals. With cream on the end of his nose, Dec asked David Walliams: "What on Earth has happened?" as David explained: "Simon just put a cream scone on my face!" Speaking about the acts, David explained: "I'm looking forward to being wowed, and I want to feel emotional as well." Ant went on to ask Alesha Dixon which acts she was most looking forward to seeing, where she revealed: "Oh, there is a lot tonight, but I think Simon's Golden Buzzer act." Dec asked Amanda: "Anything missing from the final lineup?" to which she admitted: "Urm, I could definitely do with more women, another dance act maybe?" Simon Cowell spoke about his golden buzzer act and exclaimed: "I am really excited, you know we always save the best until last." DON'T MISS...Simon Cowell defends Britain's Got Talent's Loren Allred in 'fix' row [INSIGHT]'Britain's got woke!' Britain's Got Talent slammed over 'sob stories' [LATEST]Alesha Dixon distracts Britain’s Got Talent fans ‘What is she wearing' [WATCH] Tonight, the final set of acts took to the stage in a last-ditch attempt to impress the judges and the viewers at home for their spot in the final on Sunday. Taking to the stage tonight was Simon's golden buzzer act, comedian Axel Blake who won the judges over with his stand up comedy. Scooter Boys, young poet Aneeshwar Kunchala, comedy duo Brian & Krystal, singer Nick Edwards, West End singers Welsh of the West End, dance crew IMD Legion, and illusionists Matricks Illusion are also in the lineup. In every show, two acts win their way into the live final on Sunday, with the opportunity of winning an incredible £250,000 and a spot at this year's Royal Variety Performance. The current finalists consist of ventriloquist Jamie Leahey, opera singer Maxwell Thorpe, impressionist Ben Nickless, and singer and rapper duo Flintz and Taylor. Singer Tom Ball, stand up comedian Eva Abley, dancers Five Star Boys, and The Greatest Showman singer Loren Allred will also return on Sunday. The ten finalists plus the two winners from tonight's show will go head to head in the grand finale. Britain's Got Talent returns tomorrow from 8pm on ITV.