Mandy Moore, 38, revealed today that she is expecting another baby with husband Taylor Goldsmith. The This Is Us star took to Instagram to confirm the good news in view of her 5.3 million followers. Mandy said she is expecting to give birth in the autumn. To share the good news, Mandy posted an adorable photo of her son Gus wearing a T-shirt with the label “Big Brother”. She captioned the shot: “One incredibly seminal chapter of my life just ended and the next one, as a mother of two, is about to start… and are we ever so deeply grateful and excited." The actress continued: “Baby Boy Goldsmith #2 coming this fall! READ MORE: Amber Heard’s lawyer says she ‘absolutely can’t’ afford $10m damages “Tour is gonna be slightly different than I expected but I can’t wait and Gus is gonna be the BEST big brother!! Xo” Delighted fans and friends rushed to the comments section to congratulate Mandy and her family. Ellabeth.sings wrote: “Oh Mandy!!!! I'm soooo happy for you all! “May you be so blessed as you do this tour and prepare for life as a family of four!” Whitster82 added: “You’re a Wonder Woman!! Congrats to all parents and brothers!!” Msleonard12 typed: “Congratulations!!! Enjoy every moment with your boy!!! “Never get that time again with jus having one!!” (sic) Faranak.fadaei.m penned: “Oh my god! how can you handle...two children work a pet... DON'T MISSJeremy Clarkson reacts as EU flag flown amid Queen's Platinum Jubilee [UPDATE]Carol Kirkwood's blunt reply to BBC shake-up claims [LATEST]Gary Lineker slammed for jibe about Johnny Depp and Amber Heard trial [INSIGHT] “Congrats dear Mandy..I ve never forgot your fabulous act in this is us.” (sic) This Is Us saw its emotional series finale air last month with a flash-forward into the future that left fans weeping. After six seasons of the NBC series, Rebecca Pearson’s (Mandy Moore) death at the forefront of the episode left viewers in tears, with some taking to social media to express their sadness about the show ending. Rogcar99 said: “Finished this show the same way it began…in tears. What a beautiful show.” Iamcharlieg chimed in: “I’m really crying yall. This is not an exaggeration, I need to be held.” (sic) QueenFancyy penned: “Don’t think I’ve ever seen a better-written show, from start to finish. Every single season.” Sally_Shivar stated: “If we could count the tears that were shed tonight watching [This Is Us] it could possibly fill an ocean!” Back in May 2021, it was confirmed season six would be the final instalment of the hit show.