Mr Raab encouraged support for the Prime Minister despite many Conservative MPs still calling for Mr Johnson's resignation. The Prime Minister managed to survive a vote of no confidence by 59 percent yesterday, as a number of Tory MPs handed in letters of no-confidence to the 1922 Committee. But his bid to defend Mr Johnson was met with a challenge as BBC Radio host Nick Robinson questioned whether he would change his stance on the Prime Minister resigning as he put the frontbencher on the spot over his party's leading policies.  Mr Robinson brought up the newly implemented windfall tax and National Insurance price hike. Mr Robinson said: “What you're saying to the public and what you're saying to your MPs to try and get them to back Boris Johnson is we’re a tax-cutting conservative party. “I put it to you very very gently, you are not a tax-cutting conservative party and for the reasons, you spelt out there maybe jolly good reasons not to be.” Mr Rabb said: “Let me forcefully try and…” Mr Robinson: “Why are you saying that you are?”  JUST IN: Can Labour call a vote of no confidence? Keir rages as Boris wins vote 'Unfit for office!'  The deputy Prime Minister said: “Because I’m trying to make a point, and if I could just complete the picture and I’ll do it very swiftly. “First of all the emergency we dealt with that emergency in a way which I think a lot of people give the government credit for, and you think 40million jobs, that is no small thing. “We avoided the economic and social skying that would otherwise accrue, we kept those businesses alive, we kept those jobs. "The reality is you could transition out of the emergency, of course, we want to be talking about physical financial responsibility and getting the tax burden down. But particularly with the cost of living challenge, so the national insurance tax cut in July is a critical first step. “But we’re a government that will deal with both of those things, the emergency as usual and then the pressures on ordinary families.” READ MORE:'Put it behind us!' Boris vows to 'unite' Tory Party after narrowly seeing off rebels  Despite Mr Rabb's support of the Prime Minister, some other Conservative MPs do not share the same sentiment. Julian Lewis, chairman of the Intelligence and Security Committee of Parliament said Mr Johnson has an "aversion to scrutiny, bordering on contempt for the Commons." One of the most vocal politicians calling for Mr Johnson to resign as Prime Minister is Westminister SNP Leader, Ian Blackford, who has been pushing for him to quit since the Partygate scandal broke. Mr Blackford said: "He can try and argue, as he has done, that he’s won the vote, but this is a moral defeat for the Prime Minister. “You’ve got the situation that all the opposition parties and now 140 Tory MPs want this Prime Minister gone, he’s not going to be able to run away from this.” Mr Blackford added: “Whether he goes today or whether it’s some months down the line this is a dead man walking, this is a man that will pay a price for his behaviour." 