You would think all those supposed mega-brains at the Treasury could grasp the basics of money management. Wealth can either be inherited or created – meaning earned. Except by dictators and embezzlers who steal it. Once obtained, it can be saved or spent. If not earned it must be borrowed – creating debt. While owed, it has to be “serviced” with interest payments, then eventually repaid. And that’s about it. The present government, in the style of the worst Socialist regime imaginable, has been using the excuse of Covid to fritter away money until the country is in eye-watering debt. Now it seeks to recover it from taxpayers by hiking taxes faster than a Sherpa going up Mount Everest. Mr Sunak’s concessions are pathetic. Shrewd economic management is supposed to be what Conservatism is all about. That is why people vote for it, especially those who have worked hard, lived frugally and saved. If, at the next election, the Government is voted out of office, it will not be for not succeeding but for not even trying to be Conservative. What really shrouds us in gloom is that Labour, Lib-Dems and Greens are even barmier on the money front. Thanks to serial incompetence at the top we are all in doodah – and it has hardly started yet. Wars must teach lessons or they are more useless than even the pacifists claim. There are at least two lessons coming out of Ukraine. The first is that the day of the lordship of the battlefield by the tank is over. There are now at least four weapons that can detect and destroy a tank and in Ukraine an army of skirmishers has reduced Putin’s vaunted tank army to rusting wreckage. His losses are unsustainable. It used to be that for a footsoldier to destroy a tank was a suicide mission. But modern shoulder-borne missiles can take out a tank at 800 yards and with guidance systems they do not miss. Others come from the sky with the same effect. Even with only its tracks broken a tank becomes just a helpless turret that is going nowhere. The crew has no choice but to bale out and try to save themselves on foot. A second lesson is that the hour of the drone is here. Without a pilot there is no problem with aircrew losses and new, cheap low-level drones permit no-miss point-blank “suicide” missions. The operator, sitting safely miles away, can prowl until he finds his target, then destroy it. They used to be high-tech and therefore expensive. No longer. If there is a third, it is a throw-back to the Finland-Russia Winter War of 1939 or the more recent Vietnam War. This is to point up how utterly devastating the highly-camouflaged guerrilla can be. Researching one of my novels I investigated the Tunnel Rats, the fearsomely brave but now overlooked US soldiers who went down into the tunnels under Cu Chi and crawled mile after mile in darkness looking for the Viet Cong hiding there. The VC would wait out the hours of daylight to emerge in darkness and carry out ambush after ambush in zones supposed to have been cleared of them. The Ukrainians had not time to dig and equip tunnel networks but in forested country, small teams of guerrillas can devastate conventional forces. Constant ambushes and hit-and-run sniper attacks utterly demoralise invading forces operating in countryside they have never seen before. This too is a lesson from Ukraine. Putin can smash cities and towns to rubble and slaughter civilians but if the Ukrainians keep fighting from the forests the thug of Moscow cannot win. For to win he must occupy a docile landscape. What an extraordinary week at a personal level – an extended trip down memory lane. First a call from Hollywood to say slow progress is being made to bring to completion a film based on the air bridge of relief food for the dying children of Biafra in 1969. Back then the brutal military junta ruling Nigeria, with the full support of our Foreign Office, was blockading the breakaway East Nigeria (Biafra) and children were dying like flies of starvation. The world’s churches got together a variety of volunteer pilots to fly in emergency food from the Portuguese offshore island of Sao Tome to a small airstrip hacked out of the bush. They flew at night with no lights, stalked by Nigeria’s mercenary-flown night fighters. Others of us were waiting at the airstrip to unload sacks of baby-milk concentrate and drive it to the Irish nuns whose missions were the feeding centres. It was called Joint Church Aid but the pilots took the three initials to stand for Jesus Christ Airlines. Now hopefully the film is in production. The world’s churches got together a variety of volunteer pilots to fly in emergency food from the Portuguese offshore island of Sao Tome to a small airstrip hacked out of the bush. They flew at night with no lights, stalked by Nigeria’s mercenary-flown night fighters. Others of us were waiting at the airstrip to unload sacks of baby-milk concentrate and drive it to the Irish nuns whose missions were the feeding centres. It was called Joint Church Aid but the pilots took the three initials to stand for Jesus Christ Airlines. Now hopefully the film is in production. Then a tip-off that someone is making a film of the life of Marine Sergeant Al Blackman, whose conviction and sentence to life for murder in Afghanistan were cancelled and reversed by the Appeal Court after a nationwide campaign some years ago. He had been the victim of one of the most rigged trials in British ­military history. Using this column, I was able to bring his case to a wider attention. Since being freed by the Law Lords he has lived in the country with his lovely wife, Claire. Meanwhile, a series of books is in preparation on the various fighters our RAF has flown over the years and one is dedicated to The Vampire Boys. I was able to write a contribution to it as, back in 1958/59, I was one of the last to qualify to “wings” standard on the De Havilland Vampire Mk. 9. It is hoped to be published by Christmas. Finally, an email from John Travolta at his California home declares plans to return and film at ex-RAF base West Raynham, Norfolk, his part in The Shepherd, a novella I wrote way back in the winter of 1974. All his filming is at night, so hopefully he will be free for lunch at a nearby pub. Unlike some megastars he is a seriously modest guy and great company. Most will remember him for that stunningly sexy dance with Olivia Newton-John in Grease and 16 years later as the spine-chilling hitman Vincent Vega in Pulp Fiction. Now 68, he still has the same charisma and is playing the role of a Mosquito pilot of the Second World War. Hopefully the book and the films will be out by year’s end. It seems the Zoom conference where we can all sit at home and talk to each other, as if in the same room albeit a hundred miles away, is taking over. But this poses another problem. The whole point of HS2 was for tycoons to whizz up and down from London to Birmingham at super-speed in order to attend conferences and the rest of us would be happy to pay the £106billion bill. But if they are all going to confer with each other by Zoom, even the thickos controlling our government (electoral and bureaucratic) might at last concede this very white elephant could be terminated and the lolly used to alleviate misery among the elderly. We could use the money and they could use the votes. In its day Midsomer Murders, with its corpse-strewn plotlines, became a must-watch hit on TV. And not just here. Fans were worldwide. It became a major foreign earner. Last Sunday night it returned – and it was awful. The plot did not make sense – a lot of scarecrows coming to life – it was nigh-impossible to work out who was who, and it had all the grip of a weary jellyfish. Scanning the evening menu, as I do each evening as the sun goes down, I am still drawn to repeats of the old-time thrillers – Morse, Lewis, Gently and the always-excellent Rebus. They all fit into the two-hour slot and the denouement is always a sting in the tail. Modern “drama” is too often hugely over-written, multi-episode stuff encumbered by boring sub-plots about the detectives’ marital problems. As a watcher, I want to see the murderer exposed and led away in handcuffs – a real, old-fashioned “collar”. And in time for bed – not with a notice telling me episodes two-to-six will start next week.