The DP World Tour appears to have taken a different stance to that of their American counterparts at the PGA, after reportedly deciding to allow LIV Golf rebels to compete in next week’s BMW International Open, according to Golf Monthly. The Saudi-backed LIV Series officially kicked off last week at Centurion Club after months of speculation. Those who decided to compete - which included the likes of Phil Mickelson and Dustin Johnson - were set to be putting their memberships of the two leading circuits in the DP World and PGA Tour on the line. This threat did not seem to deter many, as 48 golfers teed it up at St Albans last week. In response, the PGA Tour unsurprisingly came down heavily on the Saudi rebels, as commissioner Jay Monahan issued all those who have made the switch a suspension from the American-based circuit. In a memo sent to Tour members, Monahan said: “We have followed the Tournament Regulations from start to finish in responding to those players who have decided to turn their backs on the PGA Tour by willfully violating a regulation. “Simultaneous to you receiving this memo, the players are being notified that they are suspended or otherwise no longer eligible to participate in PGA Tour tournament play, including the Presidents Cup. This also applies to all tours sanctioned by the PGA Tour: the Korn Ferry Tour, PGA Tour Champions, PGA Tour Canada and PGA Tour Latinoamérica.” JUST IN: Phil Mickelson biographer says PGA Tour has got 'fat and complacent' amid rebel Saudi tour It was expected that the DP World Tour - formerly the European Tour - were going to follow suit, however it seems that for now players will be able to continue to compete on the Wentworth-based circuit, starting in Munich next week. Whether sanctions follow remains to be seen, with the Saudi golf saga no doubt leaving the sport’s two leading tours at a real crossroads. Whilst LIV’s founding player members have put their tour cards on the line, their hopes of being involved in future Ryder Cups could also be at risk. Team Europe has a number of their great stalwarts competing in the breakaway circuit, including Sergio Garcia, Lee Westwood and Ian Poulter. DON'T MISSPhil Mickelson hits fan with ball at US Open as worried spectators rush to his aidRory McIlroy pulls off incredible par save at US Open after furious bunker rageUS Open 2022: How much Rory McIlroy can win compared to LIV Golf Speaking at last week’s event at Centurion, the latter of that famous trio hopes his remarkable Ryder Cup legacy will remain intact. Poulter told reporters: “We don't know [if they are putting Ryder Cup futures in jeopardy]. "I'd like to think it wouldn't, all the golf I've played around the world in all the different countries and tours I don't see why this should be any different. It's an unknown risk, we don't know how DP World Tour will view it, it's obviously a factor." 