Royal watchers have been camping on the Mall for days in hopes of catching a glimpse of the Royal Family and showing their support to the Queen as she marks 70 years on the throne. Expats returned especially to join in the celebrations and to thank the Queen for the hard work she has put in since ascending the throne in 1952. Asked what had prompted her to travel from Spain to London, a woman told BBC Breakfast: "I've come from sunny Spain especially for one reason. And that is to say thank you, Your Majesty. Thank you.  "Big day today because of the military. This is a national event, it's to do with our country, it's not just the Queen and the family getting together. "It's all about...part of her service in these 70 years, she's been supported. Who has she been supported by? "The military, the armed forces, they're the ones who protect her day in, day out. "But they also protect us and they're going to be parading today with their animals, their horses. And again, thank you." JUST IN: Harry and Meghan WILL attend Trooping the Colour as Prince Charles stands in for Queen  A fellow expat added: "For me it means loyalty. "It's a way to say thank you for her consistency, for her always being here for us. "She took on something as a young girl and she hasn't stopped doing what we expected of her, or what was expected of her. "And I think it's important for us to be here to say thank you and to soak in the atmosphere and to become one happy family." READ MORE: Queen bumps Palace staff salary 5% amid crippling cost of living crisis 'Felt appropriate' The Queen will be kicking off four days of Jubilee celebrations with Trooping the Colour, although she will not be taking the salute at Horse Guards Parade due to ongoing mobility issues. She will instead be joined at Buckingham Palace by soldiers performing in the traditional birthday parade once Prince Charles, Prince William, and Princess Anne have inspected the troops. After a brief break, she will then return to the palace balcony to observe the flypast and the Red Arrows display with the thousands of supporters expected to fill up the Mall over the next few days. DON'T MISS: Armed police storm London high street after major incident [EXPLAINER]Princess Eugenie and husband Jack to move to Portugal [NEWS]Jubilee row explodes as Harry and Meghan told they are 'NOT welcome' [INSIGHT] Around 10 million people are estimated to have plannned celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, according to the Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport (DCMS). The DCMS also said that more than 70,000 'Big Jubilee Lunches' and 200,000 more local events have been planned across the four nations. Many official events will also be collecting money for charities throughout the bank holiday. Across the Commonwealth and the rest of the world, more than 600 Big Jubilee Lunches are planned in around 80 countries - from Greenland to New Zealand.