Lando Norris and Daniel Ricciardo have received apologies from McLaren team principal Andreas Seidl who admitted the team failed in Montreal. Seidl claimed the team “didn’t give” the pair the package they warranted as he suggested the team “didn’t deserve points” after a horror weekend. He said: “A very disappointing Sunday afternoon for us here in Montreal. It’s been a tough weekend in general, with the car lacking pace, having reliability issues and suffering an operational issue in the double-shuffle pitstop during the Virtual Safety Car period. We have to acknowledge our competitors did a better job and therefore we didn't deserve points today. “We didn’t give Lando or Daniel the package they deserved today, so we have to offer them an apology. My thanks to our team here at the track, back in the factory and our colleagues at HPP for their efforts over the whole of this long-haul double-header. “We also have to use this as an opportunity to learn, and come back stronger in two weeks for our home race at Silverstone." READ MORE: Daniel Ricciardo jumps to Lewis Hamilton defence after Horner claim Ricciardo started just inside the top 10 in ninth while there was hope Norris could fight through from 14th. However, a chance of a good result didn’t materialise as Ricciardo dropped outside the points to finish 11th. Norris also fell back one place to 15th, his joint-worst result of the season so far. The Briton also partly blamed the team for their poor showing in Montreal, claiming there were mistakes from everyone over the weekend. He explained: “We’ve got work to do. There were mistakes from my side, mistakes from the team’s behalf and we’ll just need to step back, refresh, go again and do a much better job in the next one." The weekend could have been worse for McLaren with their nearest championship rivals Alpine enjoying a front-row start with Fernando Alonso. DON'T MISSLando Norris suggests Mercedes fix to help Hamilton and Russell [INSIGHT]Daniel Ricciardo backs up George Russell as duo call for rule change [ANALYSIS]Daniel Ricciardo holds 'crunch talks' as McLaren stand-off gets ugly [COMMENT] However, the double world champion dropped back to ninth with Esteban Ocon sixth. It means Alpine were only able to close 10 points in the championship battle and still remain eight points behind McLaren. After the race, Ricciardo also called on the team to “clean a few things up” ahead of the British Grand Prix in two weeks' time. He said: “Unfortunately, not the best Sunday for us. We simply didn’t have the pace, and then had to manage a few other things as well. “That was tough, it just put us too far out of contention. So, otherwise, we’ve got to have a look, see where we can go better, and then just clean a few things up."