Ireland’s ambassador to the UK Adrian O’Neill to the UK government move to unilaterally alter the Northern Ireland protocol and claimed that there is “nothing overzealous” about the agreement. “It is simply the protocol”, he said after the stressed that the European Union has made “very strenuous efforts” to find “practical solutions” to the problems concerning the protocol and the situation in Northern Ireland. Mr O’Neill told Times Radio: “All the commission is seeking to do is have the protocol implemented as it was negotiated and designed. “So there’s nothing overzealous about it. “It simply is the protocol the commission is asking and the EU is asking that the UK complies with the obligations that it met.” He added: “I think the EU has made very strenuous efforts. “The EU has been very diligent in its approach in seeking to find practical solutions to the problems that are being encountered on the ground in Northern Ireland. “And it did bring forward this comprehensive package back in October to address the various issues. “And it brought forward that package in October, which includes a number of very significant moves to address the issues that arise.” Times Radio host Stig Abell asked: “Do you think the protocol threatens peace to the island of Ireland? READ MORE: Boris to unveil Brexit masterplan TODAY but faces bitter row with MPs “That’s effectively what Liz Truss has been saying and what the British government has been saying.” He responded: “No, I don’t. “I think quite clearly we do have an issue around political stability in Northern Ireland at the moment. “Obviously, we need to form an executive in Northern Ireland. DON'T MISS: ‘Dangerously low’ Universal Credit alert as food banks on BRINK [WATCH]Horror as 'suspicious' death of man found on fire at popular park [LISTEN]Brave couple shuns modern life in favour of pre-war Britain lifestyle [INSIGHT] “That requires a number of parties to agree to participate in the executive. “It was very interesting yesterday to see that 52 MLAs of the 90 MLAs who have been elected to this Assembly wrote the Prime Minister in very clear terms, rejecting very strongly this bill and making it very clear that they support the protocol. “And that means the defining sentence in that letter is we will resolutely oppose this reckless bill and continue to promote post-Brexit solutions on the basis of trust and honesty. “I suppose my basic point would be we all want to move forward, we all want to find solutions to the implementation challenges that are there. “The question is ‘is that better done through this kind of aggressive unilateralism that we now see reflected in that bill, or is it based on true agreement?”.