With Chelsea close to bringing in Raphinha from Leeds United, thoughts are turning to which members of Thomas Tuchel's squad could now leave Stamford Bridge. The Blues agreed a fee for the winger late on Tuesday night, appearing to beat Barcelona and Arsenal to his signature. His arrival will likely spell the end for several attacking stars as Thomas Tuchel looks to bounce back from an ultimately disappointing season. The German struggled to settle on a forward line that delivered results last term, with Romelu Lukaku paying the price for his poor performances and returning to Inter Milan on loan. The Belgian is unlikely to be the only attacking player to depart the capital though, given how many misses the Blues have experienced in the transfer market in recent years. Here, Daily Express Sport looks at four players who are now facing uncertain futures. Hakim Ziyech Hakim Ziyech has struggled to match the £35million fee that Chelsea paid Ajax for him back in 2020. He has failed to deliver consistently, scoring just eight goals and notching only six assists in his 47 appearances in all competitions last season. READ MORE: Man Utd chiefs have Ronaldo transfer theory after Chelsea talks  With Lukaku certain to leave for the San Siro, Ziyech looks likely to follow him, with AC Milan reportedly eyeing up a loan move for the Morrocan. He still has three years to run on his contract, potentially opening the door to a return to Chelsea if he is able to impress on loan. Callum Hudson-Odoi Having seen his game-time diminish under Tuchel, especially in his preferred attacking position, Callum Hudson-Odoi could decide the time is right to depart. The Englishman is unlikely to be short of suitors, having shown great potential when selected for the Blues. DON'T MISS: Chelsea told of ‘dream scenario’ as Lukaku’s perfect replacement named (INSIGHT)Four Jorge Mendes clients Chelsea may sign after Ronaldo discussed (TRANSFERS)Chelsea issued Neymar advice by Silva as Blues consider huge move (NEWS) Christian Pulisic Joining Lukaku on the list of the biggest Chelsea flops is undoubtedly Christian Pulisic, with the American having failed to live up to his £58m fee. The Blues have reportedly already tried to offload him to Juventus, while his previous performances in the Bundesliga could lead to interest from Germany. Timo Werner Things just have not worked out for Timo Werner since he joined Chelsea from RB Leipzig and a move this summer would appear to be the best outcome for all concerned. Liverpool and Juventus have both been linked with the striker, who has shown glimpses of his potential.