Eddie Hearn has picked Jake Paul to beat Tommy Fury on August 6. The fight was announced last Thursday after last-gasp breakthrough talks set the wheels in motion. Both men were set to square off in December last year, but Fury was forced to pull out of the contest after sustaining a rib injury and bacterial infection in camp. But now the long-awaited grudge has been rescheduled and there is much deliberation surrounding the eventual result. During a recent appearance on The MMA Hour Hearn, gave his thoughts on the fight and logged his official prediction. When asked whether Jake can win the fight, he said: “I think he probably does. They’re about the same kind of level. The problem with Jake is you listen to him and you can’t help being drawn in by the confidence. Despite Fury having more professional fights than Paul as well a limited amateur pedigree which included two north regional titles, Hearn insists the match-up is a 50/50 fight. He said: “So, I’m now drawn in by the confidence and putting him as a guy who deserves to be a boxer. On paper, Tommy Fury should beat him easily, but then you watch Tommy Fury and you think, ‘Well actually, you’re not very good either.’ “But what is good about the fight is that it’s a 50/50 fight. As long as it’s a competitive match-up, it doesn’t matter, it’s okay to watch. And that’s a 50/50, I don’t actually know who’s gonna win. “If Tommy Fury loses, it is genuinely the most embarrassing thing that could ever happen to him. And if Jake loses, his career’s over. So therefore it’s quite exciting.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Wilder being targeted for blockbuster showdown with Parker Khan made mouthwatering offer for blockbuster Pacquiao fight Anthony Joshua captured sharing classy message with Oleksandr Usyk YouTuber, Paul, made the switch to professional boxing in 2020 after a successful white-collar debut against KSI’s brother Deji Olatunji. The internet sensation is currently 5-0 as a professional with wins over fellow YouTube star AnEsonGib, NBA player Nate Robinson, MMA fighter Ben Askren, and back-to-back victories over former UFC welterweight champion Tyron Woodley. His opponent, Fury, is the younger brother of WBC heavyweight champion Tyson Fury. ‘TNT’ is 8-0 as a professional having mostly fought journeyman for the majority of his career. Fury rose to fame after appearing in season 5 of the popular reality television series, Love Island. The British boxer finished as the runner-up alongside Molly-Mae Hague. The couple remains an item to this day.