Novak Djokovic has confirmed that he is in talks with Laver Cup organisers and may join up with long-term rivals Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray later this year. The Serbian is set to make his announcement after Wimbledon and is excited about the possibility of forming an Avengers-strength line-up. Djokovic said: "It would be very unique. It is a possibility. My agent has communication with the Laver Cup team. We have an agreement that there will be a decision after Wimbledon is finished." He added: "Laver Cup is the only competition where you can have all the big rivals, the big three, big four players joining in the same team. "Of course, it is very different and exciting concept for us players, but also for the fans around the world. So, of course, the O2 Arena is a familiar venue for me and for us players. We've been playing more than 10 years the World Tour Finals in that arena. It stayed there for a long time, with a reason, because it was such a successful event. Full stands every match, singles, doubles. "I think the tradition here in Britain for tennis has contributed to a very successful event over the course of more than 10 years. So, of course, it would be a pleasure to play there again.   "I think that regardless if I play or not, it's going to be a stunning event with full stands, no doubt." The Laver Cup is set to take place over the weekend of September 23-25 at London's O2 Arena. It means British fans may get to see all sorts of combinations of the Big Four playing doubles together and interacting from the coaching box. Only three members of Team Europe have been announced so far; Federer, Nadal and Murray. John McEnroe has also named three of his six-man squad; Felix Auger-Aliassime, Taylor Fritz, and Diego Schwartzman.   First, Djokovic's attention is firmly fixed on trying to win his 21st Grand Slam title at Wimbledon. The Serbian was taken to four sets by Kwon Soon-woo in the first round but flew through the second round against Thanasi Kokkinakis, dropping just seven games. "I think the quality of tennis was really high from my side," he explained." Much better than the first match performance. I knew that I had to start off well today because I was facing a really tricky opponent, someone that serves well, has big serve, big forehand. I didn't want to give him too much time. "I played with not too many unforced errors from back of the court. Whenever I needed to put the return in, I did. So all in all just a really, really satisfying performance." 