Homes Under the Hammer visited South Wales in a recent episode, where host Martin Roberts was viewing a home in the town of Tonypandy. He said: “It lies 18 miles north of Cardiff and the train can get you to the Welsh capital in 45 minutes. “Well £27,000 doesn’t buy you a lot these days, unless you come to the valleys of Wales where, for £27,000 as a guide price, this property was up for auction.” The home was a two-bed mid-terrace and Martin said it looked “pretty solid”. The property had double glazing and central heating throughout. Despite the kitchen looking a little tired and dated, Martin said overall the downstairs was “great”. However the presenter came across a problem upstairs, and it was black spots on the walls. He said: “There’s a lot of black spots here that tell me this place has got a damp issue. READ MORE: Cleaning: Paint roller hack leaves windows ‘sparkling in minutes’ “The ceiling is obviously the main issue here. Lots and lots of signs, basically penetrating water. “Not good news. My guess is it’s not a big issue, it’s probably something like a flashing around the chimney breast for instance or a loose tile. “It should be easy to fix but because it hasn’t been fixed, look at the amount of damage it’s caused.” The mould had also penetrated the ceiling downstairs too. There was also damp and black mould in both bedrooms. The home had a stunning view from the garden over the valleys. DON'T MISS:Tomatoes: How to produce an ‘abundance’ of tasty fruit through summer [EXPERT]Lawn jobs to ‘avoid’ doing during a heatwave - ‘causes stress’ [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘brilliant’ hack to remove limescale from kettles [INSIGHT] So who purchased the Wales home when it went to auction? The successful bidder was Neil who purchased the property for £42,000. Meeting Martin back at the home, Neil said: “I invest in properties in South Wales, particularly in the valleys, and came to see this house. “It’s an ex-local authority house, so I knew that the standards of gas and electrical safety would be good. “It’s a really nice house. Doesn’t need much doing to it and I think it will rent really well.” To improve the home, Neil said he was going to focus on the cosmetic side of things, including decoration. He also had the damp issue to resolve. With a budget of £7,000, Neil said he wanted to get the work done within six weeks. Homes Under the Hammer revisited the home once the renovation work had been completed. Martin said: “This refurbishment is much more than the simple redecoration Neil was planning. “The jaded units in the kitchen have been completely replaced and tiling and new flooring adds the finishing touch.” The bathroom was also fitted with a new suite in grey and white. The bedrooms had been repainted and the damp issue had also been resolved. Neil said he fitted a new kitchen to bring in a higher rental income. He added that the damp in the bedrooms was as a result of condensation. How much did Neil end up spending on the home? He said: “The budget went up to about £12,500. Most of that on the kitchen and the bathroom. “But I think that will be money well spent at the end of the day.” Local property estate agents visited the home to see how much money the home could be now worth. One expert said: “It’s looking very nice, they’ve got the detail very good. It’s very exclusive and they’ve done a good job. “If I was going to put this property on the market today, I would easily achieve £80,000.” Another estate agent said: “I would market this property at around £75,000.” This means Neil could get a huge profit of between £20,500 and £25,500 before tax and fees. The property’s value has also increased by a staggering £38,000. Neil plans to keep the home in his portfolio and rent it out monthly.