Mark Handy is the general manager of The Cavendish London. From getting a better night's sleep to a better room, he exclusively told Express.co.uk his top travel tips for staying at a hotel. Mark's first tip was to make the most of the concierge. He said: "They are well connected and can often help you to book a restaurant table, activities, and excursions." For guests that want to save money, the concierge can point them in the direction of some cheaper eats and trips. His second tip was to book directly through the hotel rather than a third-party website - "you may receive a cheaper rate". READ MORE: Airline strikes 2022: Full list of strike action taking place Booking a hotel in a central location might work out as cheaper than out in the sticks in areas where there is not "convenient and cheaper public transport". As for which room to book at your chosen, the expert suggested there's one that trumps all others. "Ask for a corner room – they will often have the largest surface area and more windows." And is there an optimum day to book a hotel stay. According to the expert, Sunday is "usually the quietest day of the week for most hotels and can offer great discounts". Staying in the same hotel regularly and becoming a familiar face can pay off in the long run, too. "Sign up to the loyalty programs if you’re a regular guest and ask the hotel team to add your preferences to your profile, for example, a room on a high floor or a low floor. "It’s not always guaranteed, but it can help!" READ MORE: Flight attendant shares how to safely pop your ears on a flight Next, Mark told Express.co.uk readers: "Always mention if you're staying for a special occasion. "It may be possible for the hotel to offer you something special to recognise the celebration in some way." Whether it's a birthday, graduation or anniversary, hotel staff won't know unless you tell them. But if a holidaymaker does want some preferential treatment without it being a particular occasion, this can be arranged too. However, it's not for the shy hotel goers among us. "If you’d like an upgraded room or a specific requirement like a second luggage rack, just ask for one - it never hurts to email the hotel before your trip and ask!" Mark's next tip was to ensure a peaceful night's rest before a day of activities. "Use a trouser hanger with clips to pull the hotel curtains tightly shut for a good night’s sleep." Finally: "The ironing board can make a great temporary table for the children or an adjustable workstation if required."