Serena Williams did not want to comment on the US Supreme Court's decision to overturn Roe v Wade when asked about it ahead of Wimbledon. It comes after Lewis Hamilton lashed out at the ruling on social media. The Supreme Court ruled on Friday that abortion would no longer be considered a right, allowing states to ban the procedure. A number of high profile celebrities have hit out at the ruling, including F1 driver Hamilton, who said he was "disgusted by the decision". In a post on Instagram, Hamilton wrote: "Disgusted by the decision made by the Supreme Court in the US today. I don’t understand why some in power pushed and continue to push to strip rights away from millions of people. "This decision will impact the most vulnerable among us. Women, people of colour, members of the LGBTQIA+ community and so on." JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton lashes out at US judge for 'disgusting' decision Williams, meanwhile, was unwilling to comment on the ruling when asked about it on Saturday. "I think that's a very interesting question," she replied. "I don't have any thoughts that I'm ready to share right now on that decision." However, Williams' husband Alexis Ohanian wrote a string of tweets criticising the ruling and expressed his concerns over what may come next. He wrote: "There it is. I'm so sorry to see it. Dems, here is your mandate going into midterms. Looks likely same-sex marriage will be next. I wonder if this Supreme Court would even overturn Loving v. Virginia and make my marriage illegal like it used to be, too? DON'T MISSSerena Williams Wimbledon setback as Ons Jabeur suffers injuryBillie Jean King slammed John McEnroe for Serena Williams commentSerena Williams and Ons Jabeur flying as dream duo win again "'Let the states decide' they said—so they said interracial marriage was illegal—even sent newlyweds to prison for it. This only stopped happening in America 55 years ago, folks. Fifty Five Years Ago I could've gone to jail for marrying the woman I love." World number 12 Coco Gauff also slammed the ruling, saying: "I'm obviously disappointed about the decision made. Really for me, obviously I feel bad for future women and women now, but I also feel bad for those who protested for this, I don't even know how many years ago, but protested for this, are alive to see that decision to be reversed. "I just think that history repeating itself. I feel like, I mean, at least from my reading, researching, because I do like history, I just feel like just having this decision reversed, I feel like we're almost going backwards. "Not only does this decision kind of mark regarding reproductive rights, I feel like it also kind of puts a lead-way into maybe reverse other things that we worked -- I wouldn't say me personally, but people in the past worked so hard to reverse. "But I still want to encourage people to use their voice and not feel too discouraged about this because we can definitely make a change, and hopefully change will happen."