Energy bills have rocketed in recent months as the price cap limiting bills for billpayers shot up 54 percent in April, and are due to rise even further in October. Millions are already struggling to pay their bills and stay out of debt - and some could be eligible for a grant of up to £1,500. While some help is on the way from the UK government, the payments coming this year may not be enough for some to cover the extra burden created by the energy crisis. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, global supply chain issues and recovery from the coronavirus pandemic have all sent inflation to its highest level in 40 years. The British Gas Energy Trust offers grants to its customers and to users of other suppliers. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the unique grant - and whether you could be eligible. READ MORE: Council tax: Thousands could get their bill reduced or even free For the individuals and families fund, you will need to be or have the following: • You live in England, Scotland or Wales• You must be seeking a grant to clear an outstanding debt on a current or open gas, electricity or dual fuel energy account in your name or be a member of that household. The energy account must relate to your main residence• You have electric and/or gas debt between £250 – £750• You do not have savings above £1,000 You do need to be a British Gas customer to apply for the fund. The application window for a separate fund for non-British Gas customers has now closed. To apply you will need proof of the following: • Proof of all household income – including three recent consecutive wage slips or benefit statement less than a year old• A meter read for your gas and/or electricity account – if you’re a British Gas customer – or your most recent gas and electricity bill The trust outlines that you must have sought financial advice prior to applying from a service such as Citizen’s Advice, so that you can prove that you will be able to manage your bills in the future. You can apply for the fund via the British Gas energy trust website. DON'T MISSMastering this FREE video game could make you millions of pounds [INSIGHT]£10 free* to spend at YouGarden with your Daily Express, pay postage [OFFER]Six questions you need to ask for a dream retirement [EXPLAINER] Other help is available - you should check with your supplier to see if they have allocated funds for energy debt. Octopus Energy, Scottish Power and Bulb all offer hardship funds, but eligibility and amounts can vary. Every household will also get a £400 payment from the Government this year, as part of Rishi Sunak’s package of measures for the cost of living crisis. If you are struggling with debt, you are not alone, and there are services available to help you. You can call the following organisations that can help you get your finances back on track: 