Christian Horner has pledged that Red Bull will continue to ‘work collectively’ during the title race to ensure they remain ahead of Ferrari. The team was criticised in the wake of last weekend’s Monaco Grand Prix for not prioritising Championship leader Max Verstappen over Sergio Perez. The Mexican has enjoyed a competitive start to the season claiming pole in the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix and then winning in Monaco. He sits just 15 points behind the reigning World Champion in the driver’s standings going into next weekend’s race in Azerbaijan, which he won last season. Had it not been for bad luck his championship position could have been even stronger. An unfortunately timed safety car in Jeddah saw him lose the lead of the race while technical problems stopped him gaining podiums in Bahrain and Miami. His strong season has seen him rewarded with a new two-year deal at Red Bull. It is the first time since Daniel Ricciardo left the team in 2018 that the drinks manufacturer can rely on two consistently strong drivers. “Checo is in the form of his career, he is doing a great job, and it is not a one-off,” Horner said. “We saw his pole position in Jeddah and he is really hitting a rich vein of form. That is fantastic for us.” Recent races have however seen the first signs of tension between the two teammates. In Barcelona, Red Bull put the pair on different strategies with Perez twice asked to let the Dutchman pass him, a move that was described as ‘very unfair’ by Perez. In Monaco, Verstappen’s dad Jos said he was ‘disappointed’ that the team had not done more to get his son to the front. Horner has been quick to dispel any inter-team battles, stressing the need for the team to work collectively. The Englishman explained: “We need both drivers working the way they are together because Ferrari had the quicker car [in Monaco], certainly in qualifying. Whether it was in the race is unknown. “They are a massive opponent and we have to work collectively to make sure we get both drivers ahead of them.” The Formula One circus moves onto Baku next weekend for the Azerbaijan Grand Prix. It is a race that Checo, in particular, will feel positive about as it is his most successful track on the calendar, winning last season and claiming a podium on two separate occasions.