The ship docked in the Plymouth Sound after a cancelled visit to Torbay. It is the world’s largest residential cruise ship. Torbay Council’s English Riviera Tourism Company had publicised the ship’s arrival on its What’s on events page. However, this visit was cancelled and the ship instead travelled to Plymouth and docked there. The ship travelled from Brittany in France and serves as a residential community owned by private residents. There are residents from about 40 countries around the world on the ship and they are some of the world’s richest people. READ MORE: Cruise tips: Jane McDonald shares her vital packing advice Most of the residents live on the ship for around three or four months as they travel the world. Not many of the residents live full time on the ship and tend to split their time between the seas and land. Others choose to rent out their apartments on the ship. The Captain changes the ports by vote. The ship generally stays for around two to five days in each port as it travels around the world. People must prove they have a net worth of $5million (£4m) if they want to qualify for an apartment on the ship. The ship has 12 decks with many luxury features for its exclusive set of residents to enjoy. The World offers residents four restaurants and three bars to choose from as well as a cigar lounge. Residents also have a grocery store, a deli, a gym and a billiard room as well as a golf simulator and putting greens. The ship’s lucky residents can also enjoy a full size tennis court, spa, swimming pool, theatre and library. There are around 165 apartments onboard and the ship operates as a block of luxury floating flats. In 2022, the ship is set to visit the Faroe Islands, the Mediterranean and the United Arab Emirates. In 2023, residents will travel to India, Sri Lanka and hit the Arctic around Greenland and Canada’s coast. Each of the luxury apartments has a veranda for its residents to enjoy incredible ocean views. The largest of the ship’s apartments have three bedrooms while there are also studios available. Many of the apartments have kitchens or kitchenettes so residents can make their own food. Residents do not have to live on the ship full-time and can pick and choose which bits of the itinerary they’d like to join. 