A study carried out by Autovia has shown that driving ranges of electric cars should no longer be a problem for motorists across the UK. The report also concluded that drivers’ “perceptions” often undermine the “reality”. The study outlined that perceptions of drivers can often negatively impact their views on EVs. While many motorists think that they would constantly run out of charge, that no longer seems to be the case. The research showed that the average mileage driven in the UK has been consistently falling below the ranges that are offered by many electric cars. Commenting on the findings, Nicola Bates, Autovia CEO, said: “The race is on to convert every new car sale to electric by the end of the decade and we are ready to help. READ MORE: Martin Lewis tells drivers how to find the cheapest fuel “Although most daily media attention is on Government, car makers, and infrastructure providers, the ultimate success in reaching that goal is in the hands of ordinary car buyers.” However, despite the fact that EVs seem to be offering suitable ranges, many drivers are still not convinced. The report said that the main concern when it comes to electric cars is their ability to drive over great distances. Another factor deterring people from purchasing an EV is the upfront cost. DON'T MISS The future of motoring will be fully electric [REVEAL] EV owners fined for charging cars ‘should follow rules’ [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of biggest driving mistakes that can lead to accidents [WARNING] The economic and demographic segments owning the highest proportion of EVs were those earning between £80,000 and £124,999 and aged between 66 and 75 years. Steve Fowler, editor-in-chief of Auto Express and Autovia editorial director, said: “This looks to be shaping up as the most dynamic period in the UK’s long relationship with the car and how smoothly it proceeds will depend on many variables. “Policy makers need to understand emerging restraining factors, such as the current demographic imbalance in take-up of EVs and invest thought in proposing incentives that make the journey to electric as inclusive as possible.” The news comes after an expert told Express.co.uk that the future of motoring will be fully electric. The electric car market is constantly growing with Brits buying more EVs each year. The Ultra-Low Emission Vehicle (ULEV) registrations are gaining market share, with Battery Electric Vehicles (BEVs) making up 7.2 percent of new vehicle registrations in 2021. That figure has now doubled to 14.4 percent in 2022, according to the SMMT. With that in mind, Olly Jones, the Co-founder at elmo, has exclusively told Express.co.uk that “the future of motoring seems to be heading in one direction”. Mr Jones said: “This is driven by growing consumer demand, greater choice, and affordability of electric cars. “There are now about 140 makes and models available with a further 50 coming in 2022, and incentives like lower company car tax rates and avoiding low emission zone charges. “The arrival of electric cars in the mainstream has been accompanied by the rise in prominence of the subscription providers like elmo as a flexible alternative to leasing or buying a car, with 12 percent of new car registrations predicted to go to subscription providers by 2025. “This model is well-suited for consumers nervous about switching to an electric car.”