“It's a mixture of lifestyle, exercise and diet. I'm 59 and I've got three beautiful kids and I want to be around a long time,” he told The Mirror in August 2020. Fox has prescribed metformin to treat his condition – a highly effective drug that reduces sugar the liver puts into the blood. Although it is effective and has been associated with lower mortality risk in elderly people, if it is used in the long term it can have negative side effects. The NHS explains that “taking metformin can cause vitamin B12 deficiency if you take it for a long time". Fox decided to opt for lifestyle changes as an alternative. READ MORE: Cancer: Two warning signs known to show up in the face - they’re ‘likely’ to be ignored As part of his efforts, he cut out the carbohydrates and lowered the number of calories consumed. Fox added: ”I looked at things I was eating as normal and began to have them as treats. “I cut out white rice, and bread, white pasta, potatoes, pizza and chips. I've also cut booze. I'll have an occasional beer, but not two or three.” He described how when you embark on the low carb diet, “your tummy immediately goes flatter". DON'T MISSHair loss: Three 'hair-care' habits causing permanent hair loss [ADVICE]Dementia: The vitamin deficiency that may cause decline [INSIGHT]Vitamin B12 deficiency: Two sensation in your feet to spot [TIPS] He also shared how part of his decision to become more healthy was motivated by the greater risk COVID-19 posed to those with diabetes. The DJ, who as part of his routine started cycling regularly and walked hundreds of kilometers, started at a weight of 86kg but lost 3kg in three weeks. He also dropped his blood sugar levels from 65mmol/mol to 53. According to the NHS, to become considered medically in remission for the condition, you need to drop your blood sugar levels below 48mmol/mol for at least six months. As well as dropping carbs and doing more exercise, there are certain supplements people with the condition may choose. One study has shown that people who consumed their diabetes medication with chromium supplements improved the control of their blood sugar levels. Another analysis of many different studies found people who consumed little magnesium were at higher risk of developing diabetes.