Sergeant JP Hooper (played by Tobi Bakare) decided to leave Death in Paradise at the end of series 10, and he was quickly replaced by officer Naomi Thomas (Shantol Jackson). BBC fans were introduced to Naomi at the beginning of series 11, and it was clear to see the police officer was keen to impress Neville Parker (Ralf Little) and Florence Cassell (Josephine Jobert). However, before JP left Saint Marie, much to his horror, he was forced to work with criminal turned trainee police officer Marlon Pryce (Tahj Miles). The pair clashed several times because JP feared Marlon wasn't taking the job seriously. However, after being threatened with a prison sentence by Commissioner Patterson (Don Warrington), Marlon promptly changed his ways. And, as JP got ready to leave Saint Marie Police Force, the duo had a heart-to-heart and put the past behind them. READ MORE: Power Book 5: Is the Rashad Tate spin-off Influence still happening? Speaking to Tahj in his Table Read podcast, Tobi opened up about why he decided to leave the show. The JP Hooper actor even admitted that he would have stayed another year in the drama just to work with Tahj. At the time of auditioning for the role of Marlon, Tahj explained he was training at drama school and his teacher was in fact, Tobi. "He was teaching me, I think it'd been a week or two," Tahj recalled before he explained: "Then I got the audition for Death in Paradise. "I was aware of the show because I knew our teacher at the time was in the show. "I remember asking...because we were doing a technique at the time, a very good acting technique and I remember asking I've got an audition, do you think I could use your technique for the audition? "And he said, 'Yeah, go ahead'. I did my audition, my first one and it went pretty well. "I got a recall, it was a chemistry read with lo and behold, Tobi Bakare." DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley admits wife Judy 'doesn't miss' being on TV  [VIDEO]A Place in the Sun star Scarlette opens up on making show history [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' baby Thomas DNA twist [REACTION] Tobi went on to admit that when he did the chemistry read with Tahj, he didn't tell BBC bosses that he knew him. Paying a tribute to his co-star, the JP Hooper actor said: "I really enjoyed working with you. "I knew I was going to leave Death in Paradise before I left, but I would have stayed another year because of you. "You were the one that created the conflict in between me leaving because we found the flow. "We found the flow and I was like, 'I'm going to mess it up by leaving." Filming for series 12 has already begun, and Tahj confirmed he will be returning to play Marlon. Ralf Little will also be back to lead the team, along with Don Warrington and Shantol Jackson. However, one person who will be absent from series 12, is Josephine Jobert, who also made the decision to leave the show at the end of series 11. Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.