Prince William is known for his steadfast dedication to royal duties in support of the Queen and Prince Charles, and he has made no secret of the immense responsibility he feels to carry the monarchy forward as a future King. And while marking his 40th birthday today (June 21), William made clear he will make some major changes to modernise the monarchy when he inevitably takes the throne. Prince William has used the occasion of his 40th birthday to shine a spotlight on homelessness, an issue very close to his heart that he will undoubtedly continue to pursue in the future. The Duke of Cambridge was pictured selling the Big Issue on the streets of London earlier this month, and he has penned an article especially for this month's issue of the magazine. He wrote: "I have always believed in using my platform to help tell those stories and to bring attention and action to those who are struggling. READ MORE: Lilibet and Archie tipped to receive title from Prince Charles  "I plan to do that now I'm turning 40, even more than I have in the past. "So, for my part, I commit to continue doing what I can to shine a spotlight on this solvable issue not just today, but in the months and years to come." Through his work with The Royal Foundation, William has also pledged his support for mental health and environmental initiatives, and it is said these issues will remain his focus for the foreseeable. Only last year William launched the Earthshot Prize, which awards million-pound grants to initiatives helping to combat climate change and environmental issues.  Unlike previous royal generations, William and Kate have aimed to be more personable as working members of the Royal Family, and this was clear in William's social media message today. A tweet from the official Kensington Palace Twitter account read: "Thank you for all the happy birthday messages today!" The message was signed off with the initial 'W', to denote that William had written the message personally. These personal messages have been more frequent in recent years from both William and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. DON'T MISS:Prince William age: The best pictures of young Duke of Cambridge [PICTURES]How Cambridges will approach next decade as 'most glamorous couple' [INSIGHT]Prince William sends personal thank you on his birthday [ANALYSIS]  In a bid to be more relatable to the public, William and Kate also frequently forego royal titles in favour of just their first names. This could be indicative of William's vision for the future of the monarchy, as he is also said to favour the end of formalities like curtsies and bows. A royal source previously told the Sunday Mirror: “So now it’s more ‘Wills and Kate’ instead of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge... ‘Just call me Wills’ type of thing. "They want to try to avoid the bows and curtsies in public, be more approachable, less formal, less stuffy, and break away with a lot of the tradition and focus on a modern monarchy.”  Photos shared by the Royal Family and Clarence House social media accounts to mark William's 40th show him as a relaxed family man, focusing primarily on William's relationships with the Queen, Prince Charles, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and the three Cambridge children. One sweet family photo was taken while the Cambridges were on holiday, and William, George, Charlotte and Louis can all be seen laughing at the camera. As the Telegraph highlighted, this was vastly more informal than the pictures taken to mark previous royal 40ths. The publication reported: "Other Royal Family 40th birthdays have involved black tie parties at palaces, formal portraits to capture the Queen and her heir for the history books and - in the case of the Queen’s children - photographs on mugs to be sold as souvenirs. "The Prince of Wales’ portrait was a posed shot with the Princess of Wales and their sons Princes William and Harry, radiating a message of family harmony and continuity." 