The new state pension pays £9,627.80 this year, and even less to those with fewer than 35 years of qualifying National Insurance contributions. Fund manager Abrdn, which commissioned the research, said the figure was a reminder of the importance of planning for retirement early. Yet most fail to do so - just one in four Britons say they are "very confident" they have saved enough. Two-thirds will still work in some form, with one in four saying they have little choice due to the cost of living crisis. Abrdn's digital retirement advice expert Paul Titterton said it is worrying that so many will rely solely on the state pension: "It means we are likely to see a growing retirement poverty gap as living costs rocket." Pensioners need income of £10,900 a year just to hit the "minimum" standard of living, according to the Pension and Lifetime Savings Association. That leaves somebody on the state pension £1,273 short, and the gap is probably wider, as the research was carried out last year, before prices soared. A single pensioner needs £20,800 a year for a "moderate" living standard, rising to £33,600 for a comfortable retirement. Titterton said it is crucial that retirees also examine all their savings and assets when deciding if they can afford to retire. Millions of lower paid workers now get a company pension for the first time, through the auto-enrolment scheme, but this will typically benefit the younger generation rather than those retiring today. Around 850,000 of the poorest pensioners are also failing to claim a means-tested top-up called pension credit. Today is Pension Credit Day of Action, aimed at increasing uptake of a benefit that boosts a single person's retirement income to a minimum of £182.60 a week, or £9,495 a year. Couples get £278.70 a week, or £14,492 a year. Carers and the disabled may qualify for higher payments, while pension credit also acts as a gateway to other support including housing benefit, mortgage interest support, council tax reduction and a free TV licence for over-75s. It can also help with dental treatment, glasses, transport costs for hospital appointments, and heating support. Claimants should qualify for Sunak's £650 rescue package payment, due to be paid in two instalments, in July and the autumn, said Helen Morrissey, Hargreaves Lansdown's senior pensions and retirement analyst. "To get the first, you already need to be in receipt of pension credit or have applied by May 25. However, if you apply now and are eligible you could be in line for the second payment." Many homeowners wrongly believe they cannot claim pension credit but those on low incomes can. She added: "You can also claim this benefit if you have savings of £10,000 or less."