Zara Tindall, 41, was the first member of the Royal Family to attend Wimbledon this year. The granddaughter of the Queen and her husband Mike Tindall attended the tennis match hand in hand today. Zara stunned in a new Polo Ralph Lauren white linen tiered shirt dress.  The item cost £265 and looked amazing on the royal. The description on the website says: “Channelling pure Polo style, this shirtdress is made from breathable, lightweight linen. “It's finished with a self-belt at the tiered skirt.” Zara paired this dress with an Aspinal of London navy quilted Lottie bag, which cost £650. READ MORE: Royal starts flogging very special alcohol for £60 a pop For footwear, the daughter of Princess Anne chose her Castaner Carina 80 wedges in navy canvas. These cost just £95 and look very comfortable for the royal. The description on the website says: “Castañer draws on 100 years of expertise when crafting these navy Carina espadrilles, made from canvas with a woven jute sole and ankle ties.” Finally, Zara chose her Sunday Somewhere Heeyah sunglasses in marble demi/grey-green. These cost £220 and help tie the entire outfit together. Mike matched his wife’s style by wearing an off-white blazer with a white shirt. This perfectly matched Zara’s white dress. He also wore a blue tie to match her blue bag and navy shoes. READ MORE: Zara and Mike Tindall give a glimpse of daughter Lena’s birthday Royal fans took to social media to praise Zara’s style at Wimbledon today. Instagram user @yakairalc said: “I have been loving her outfits this year. “I have not been a fan before but recently she has been on point.” Another fan, @becerralucy89 added: “British royals upgraded their wardrobes with more chic and modern styles!”  Similarly, @chewy_chaim commented: “Zara looks wonderful.” Royal watcher @izabelalightwind added: “Great, I prefer her in a midi dress and white Castaner’s.” A fan of the couple said: “Love how they’re always matching.” Instagram account @rletizia08 wrote: “White and navy is always a classic look for summer events.” 