It might feel as if you have energy and vitality in abundance. There are dozens of things you are thinking of doing and if your enthusiasm keeps up, you should be able to make quite a dent in this list. A young relative will be awarded a certificate or medal that will make all the family proud. You will have had your own plans for the day but you may not have taken the needs and feelings of a close friend or partner into consideration. A few unexpected favours will be asked of you so try to prepare yourself for the need to fit in a few tasks you hadn’t originally planned for. You want a change of scenery or routine and there’s no telling where this might take you. Conversations will steer your thinking far further afield than the business of your everyday world. By the end of the day you will have made a travel booking or invited someone who is overseas to come and stay with you.  There is a lot of work you have to get through but you have taken this on willingly and you will enjoy the challenge. If you’re in the process of changing jobs or roles in your existing line of business, you could be surprised by how well it all goes. Whatever you decide to do, you will make a good job of it. This will be proven by your achievements at the end of the day. Even after bumping into a small stumbling block, you will come bouncing back when your energy and high spirits continue. You would love to forget all about routine responsibilities but you can’t do this when there is work to be done and other people are relying on you. Once you have fulfilled all obligations you can take a break without anyone feeling you have let them down.  Someone will try to persuade you into a joint arrangement but if you need more time to think it over, tell them so. Plans you are now making will also mark the end of some links with your past. There will be some sadness but this is necessary in order for you to learn and grow. You already know what someone’s reaction will be before you even approach them with a plan or proposal. This is a person who always takes the opposite viewpoint to you. Your biggest surprise will be when you encounter opposition and objections from a friend or colleague who normally takes your side. Even if there is something you’re uncertain about, give it time and you will figure it out without the annoyance of anyone else’s interference. There are some jobs that are better approached on your own and although there will be offers of help it would be easier to just get on with it yourself.  Remain patient and calm even when discussions get heated. Others sharing your world may not show such admirable qualities initially but eventually they will see the wisdom of your logical approach to life. Set a good example by refusing to allow yourself to get angry. There’s something secretive in the air. If you are the one who has been keeping a secret and you decide to let it out, this will not be accidental. You feel strongly that someone whose life will be affected by this has a right to know what is going on. There is something you want to do and although this might go against what your family expect of you, it is your choice and you should not let anyone stop you. A demanding relative will accuse you of being selfish. This is like the pot calling the kettle black. 