Russian forces launched a missile attack on Kyiv in the early hours of Sunday morning, hitting at least two residential buildings, the city's Mayor Vitali Klitschko reported. This is the first attack on the Ukrainian capital in three weeks. The last time the city was hit by Russian missiles was on June 5. Just hours after the strike, world leaders sat down for a G7 summit in the German Alps. Footage from the event shows UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen all mocking the Kremlin leader. Mr Johnson joked: "Jackets on? Jackets off? "Can we take our clothes off?" He added: "We all have to show that we’re tougher than Putin." Laughing, Mr Trudeau responded: "We’re going to get the bare-chested horseback riding display." Ms Von der Leyen added: "Oh yes. Horseback riding is the best." Speaking after the attack on Kyiv, Mr Klitschko described it as an attempt to "intimidate Ukrainians" ahead of the G7 meeting and a NATO summit in Madrid beginning on Tuesday. READ MORE: G7: Boris warns Macron do NOT strike peace with Putin He confirmed that one man was killed in the strike. Six other people, including a woman from Russia, were taken to hospital with injuries. A seven-year-old girl was rescued from rubble, Mr Klitschko said, confirming on Telegram that she is still alive. Meanwhile, rescue workers are attempting to save her mother. DON'T MISS: Putin's puppet calls for Russia to 'open new front' and attack GERMANY [REVEAL] Ukraine: Putin warned inner circle is plotting assassination [INSIGHT] NATO map: The three countries that could attack Russia first in WW3 [ANALYSIS] He said that more residents may still be trapped under the rubble. Ukrainian culture minister Oleksandr Tkachenko said that a kindergarten was hit. But the Russian defence ministry dismissed the "fake" report that it had struck residential buildings, claiming instead to have hit the Artyom weapons factory in the Shevchenkivskyi district. This is not the first time Putin's forces have launched deadly strikes on Ukrainian sites ahead of key world events. In March, Lviv was bombed by Russian forces just as US President Joe Biden delivered a major speech in Warsaw, which saw him declare that Putin "cannot remain in power". In April, Putin bombed Kyiv just hours after UN chief António Guterres held a press conference with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the capital.