Despite turning 57 this year, the Countess of Wessex is still looking as youthful as ever with her glowing complexion. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to plastic surgeon Dr Amir Sadri who gave his thoughts on how the Countess manages to look younger than ever. When comparing old photos to more recent ones, Dr Amir said: “Sophie’s complexion has become brighter, her skin seems to look more volumized and she looks as though she has less wrinkles on her forehead and fine lines around her eyes.  “Her skin looks more even in texture and her complexion is brighter. She looks very natural for her age and has not tried to turn back time but just look the best version of herself.” When asked if he thought she had had plastic surgery, he said: “I do not believe Sophie has had any plastic surgery on her face. I believe she may have had a few ‘tweakments’ which is what has made her skin look youthful and glowing, and has given her a more even and volumized complexion.” Dr Amir explained what "tweakments" he felt the Countess had had. He continued: “I believe she may have had botox to her forehead… her forehead looks smoother with less horizontal lines, and her brow seems to have dropped which is common in botox patients.  “When Sophie smiles, she seems to have fewer crows feet at the sides of her lines. This is achieved by botox. “Profhilo, also known as the injectable moisturiser, involves injecting hylauronic acid into the face. “A chemical peel is where an acidic solution is applied to the skin to remove the top layer. The skin that grows back is smoother.” Sophie's presence in the carriage procession at the Royal Ascot comes after the Countess has taken on a number of high-profile visits and public duties.  READ MORE: Sophie Wessex gorgeous in blue for Royal Ascot day two As working members of the Firm, the Earl and Countess of Wessex were on the forefront throughout the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend of celebrations. On June 2, after taking part in a carriage procession with their two teenage children leading up to Horse Guards Parade, the Wessexes step on the Buckingham Palace balcony alongside the Queen and other working royals to watch the RAF flypast. Sophie and Edward were also at St Paul's Cathedral on June 3 for the national service of thanksgiving, and joined other royals for a lunch at Guildhall. Before attending the Party at the Palace concert, Sophie and Edward headed to Northern Ireland to mark the Platinum Jubilee with locals.  DON'T MISS:Sophie Wessex is pretty in pink today at Royal Ascot [PICTURES]Camilla Duchess of Cornwall wows in blue dress at Royal Ascot [INSIGHT]Sophie Wessex's fast becoming Kate’s right hand woman - ‘trusted' [COMMENT] Following the four days of celebrations, Sophie and Edward left England to visit Gibraltar on behalf of the Queen. Dr Amir said other women hoping to achieve a more “youthful look” could “look good for your age rather than try and look younger.” He continued: “You should not feel guilty or different if you want to improve your complexion using these non-invasive ‘tweakments’. “Good skin care is vital, and can really make a difference to one's complexion. It is vital to use skin care with SPF in it so that you don’t get sun damage as the sun can age you. It also goes to show how well done and age-appropriate makeup can enhance one's appearance.” 