In March 2021, Prince Harry and Meghan sat down for a tell-all interview with American talk show host Oprah Winfrey. The two-hour-long televised interview was recorded following the couple's decision to step down as senior members of the British Royal Family. It has been reported that the Oprah interview, along with a host of interviews that Prince Harry has partaken in since his royal exit, has angered the Palace, as well as members of the family. Speaking on Australia's Today Show, the Daily Mirror's royal editor Russell Myers discussed the Palace's "fury". Speaking on the show which aired on June 12, Mr Myers claimed that the situation is "very very frosty". Mr Myers said: "If Harry's looking for some, sort of, piecemeal then he was a long way off that". Today's host Richard Wilkins replied: "You can't have your cake and eat it too Russell, you know. "One word. Oprah". The royal expert said: "Well, of course. READ MORE: Prince William 'furious' after Kate 'ridiculed' on frontline of Firm "The people I speak to, the Palace every day, who [are] obviously very very well connected with the top players, as it were. "They are still absolutely furious". Mr Myers added: "You can't go on, you know, international television interview with Oprah Winfrey, complaining about your treatment with the family and then wanting to sit down with them when you're still giving interviews". Referring to Harry's recent interview with NBC Today, he continued: "Harry was giving an interview just a couple of weeks ago when he was at the Invictus Games. READ MORE: William sparks fury after 'leaking gossip' about 'family fractures' with Harry and Meghan "It was all, sort of, bizarre language, he was there to protect the Queen and these things are not going down too well. Mr Myers stated that there "needs to be a bit more water under the bridge" if the relationship was to be repaired. During the couple's interview with Oprah, they made some shocking allegations towards the Royal Family. The couple accused a member of the family - not the Queen or Duke of Edinburgh - of making a racist comment about their son, Archie. Harry also made an admission that he had become estranged from his father, the Prince of Wales. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's titles spark 'removal discussion' amid royals [INSIGHT]Kate and William 'don't want to be seen cosying up to Harry' - claim [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle 'hoped to reconcile with Kate' for children to bond [VIDEO] He claimed he felt "really let down", but added that he would make it one of his priorities "to try and heal that relationship". Despite settling down in the US since their royal exit, Meghan and Harry, along with their two children, visited the UK earlier this month for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The short visit was the couple's first official time on UK soil since 2020. The couple did bring along their two children, although they were not seen publicly, to the four-day bank holiday weekend. The visit meant that the Queen got to meet her namesake great-granddaughter, Lilibet, in person for the first time. READ NEXT: