Manchester United have been warned by former Liverpool midfielder Danny Murphy that a move for free agent Christian Eriksen does not make sense, and they could end up below their sixth-placed finish last season if Erik ten Hag attempts to play the Danish star in a midfield with Bruno Fernandes. United were handed a boost in their pursuit of Eriksen, as the Dane’s former club Tottenham distanced themselves from the race to sign the 30-year-old following their capture of Brighton midfielder Yves Bissouma. However, Murphy isn’t sure how Eriksen would fit into ten Hag’s system alongside Fernandes. “If you look at the Manchester United option, I don’t see that,” the former Spurs man told talkSPORT. “If ten Hag thinks he’s going to play Eriksen and Fernandes in the same team in the midfield with only one holding player, they’ll end up finishing worse off than they did this season. “Unless he’s going to bring him in as back-up to Fernandes to play as a No.10, or is he going to play him as a central midfielder? If you’re talking about bringing [Frenkie] De Jong and Eriksen in, where’s the legs, where’s the tenacity, where’s the tough tackling and physical presence? There isn’t one! “It’s a strange one for United why they’d want Eriksen, I don’t get that. They’ve got enough attacking players and creative players. “If you’re Eriksen and you get the chance at this stage of your career to play for Manchester United, look, you do it. But what should be the most attractive option for Eriksen this summer? It depends where he’s going to play the most.” Eriksen joined Brentford on a short-term deal in January, where he went on to register four assists and one goal in 11 Premier League games to steer the Bees away from the relegation zone. He was expected to remain in London, where his family are settled, and join his former boss Antonio Conte at Spurs but Football London claim that the north London side have distanced themselves from a move for Eriksen and have not followed up on their initial interest two weeks prior. Brentford manager Thomas Frank has claimed that Eriksen has yet to decide on his future, and could remain at the Brentford Community Stadium and reward the west London side for taking a chance on him after suffering a cardiac arrest at the European Championships last summer. “I never had any doubts that he would come back to a good level and now I hope we can retain him,” Frank told AS. “I do not know [Eriksen to Brentford]. I know we still have a chance and I hope he will make a decision in two weeks. "The agreement is that he will call me and tell me what he wants to do. He hasn’t decided yet.”