It’s been over 30 years since Freddie Mercury died after his battle with AIDS. During his final years, the Queen singer stopped touring but continued to record tenaciously with Brian May, Roger Taylor and John Deacon until their last album during his lifetime, Innuendo, was released in 1991. Now, an unused track from The Miracle album Sessions has been uncovered and is set to release later this year. Brian and Roger made the reveal during an interview with Zoe Ball on BBC Radio 2 during this weekend’s Platinum Jubilee coverage. The DJ asked the rock legends, who performed as Queen and Adam Lambert at the celebration’s concert on Saturday: “You boys have a world exclusive, a bit of news, something very special that is coming in September?” Roger said: “Yes, we did find a little gem from Freddie, that we’d kind of forgotten about. And it was. It's wonderful. Actually, it was real discovery. It's from the Miracle Sessions, and I think it's going to be out in September.” The Miracle album was recorded in 1988, a year after Freddie was diagnosed with HIV. Zoe replied: “This is incredible. It always amazes me how you can lose a little gem like that. And when you find it again, who actually found it? Brian May shared: “It was kind of hiding in plain sight. We looked at it many times and thought, oh no, we can't really rescue that. But in fact, we went in there again and our wonderful engineering team went, okay, we can do this and this. It's like kind of stitching bits together.” DON'T MISSWhy Freddie Mercury didn't want to meet Charles and Diana at Live Aid [LIVE AID]Sex Pistol Johnny Rotten 'crawled to Freddie Mercury on his knees' [FREDDIE MERCURY]Brian May makes touching Freddie Mercury nod at Queen concert – WATCH [BRIAN ON FREDDIE] On what the unheard Freddie Mercury song sounds like, Brian added: “But it's beautiful. It's touching.” And Roger said: “It’s a very passionate piece.” The duo shared the news as they continue their Queen and Adam Lambert UK tour with a 10-night residency at London's The O2. Tickets for Queen and Adam Lambert can be purchased here.