Manchester United have been dealt a huge blow in their quest to sign Porto star Vitinha with the midfielder reportedly agreeing terms with PSG. Vitinha will be familiar to fans of Wolves having flopped at the club during a loan spell during the 2020/21 season. However, he has made a remarkable improvement over the course of the last season as he helped Porto to claim the Primeira Liga. The midfielder was one of the best players in the division last season and is now pushing for a place in Portugal’s World Cup squad. It is no secret that United are looking to improve their central midfield options and it appeared they had identified Vitinha, with the player capable of playing as both a no 6 or no 8. Reports earlier this week suggested that United were prepared to trigger the 22-year-old’s release clause, said to be around £35 million, in order to bring him to Old Trafford. However he now looks set to move to the French capital according to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano. Writing on Twitter, the reliable journalist said: “Paris Saint-Germain have reached an agreement on personal terms with Portuguese midfielder Vitinha. He’s Luís Campos priority for the midfield - talks now in progress with Porto. “He’s considered a 'top player' for the present and future by PSG.” United will be forced to consider other players for the midfield area. They remain strongly linked with Frenkie de Jong with the Red Devil reportedly launching their first bid for the player during discussions with Barcelona last week. The offer, estimated to be around £60m, was rejected by the Catalan giants who are said to be holding out for closer to £74m. The rejection is unlikely to put off Erik ten Hag who is very keen to be reunited with his former Ajax prodigy. The Dutch international was a star man for the new United boss during his time in the Netherlands, especially during their surprise run to the Champions League semi-finals in 2019. Central midfield has been a problem position for the 20-times Premier League winners for a number of years. This issue has become more pressing this season given the departures of Paul Pogba, Nemanja Matic and Juan Mata on the expiry of their contracts. Furthermore, regular pairing Scott McTominay and Fred have regularly disappointed and can certainly be improved upon. United fans will therefore be desperate to see more bodies come in for the problem position during the summer and will hope the club have more options in the pipeline to come in.