Motorists across the UK have been warned about cyclists amid bike week madness. According to some motoring experts, over 7.5 million cyclists are estimated to hit the road this week. Drivers have now been told to drive carefully and practice safety techniques such as the 'Dutch Reach'. Experts at Scrap Car Comparison have urged motorists to drive more safely on the roads to accommodate those travelling by bicycle this week. Cyclists are in a much more vulnerable position than other road users and require extra attention while driving, the experts said. Managing Director of Scrap Car Comparison, Dan Gick added: “Each year, thousands of cyclists are injured on the road, and worse, well over a hundred each year get killed. “These tragedies highlight the importance for all road users to take more care and work together to create a safer place for all. READ MORE: Drivers could be hit with a £27.50 fee to drive in London “Initiatives like Bike Week here in the UK are great ways to encourage more people to start cycling, have an enjoyable ride and get fit in the process, but these statistics can be off-putting for many. “We hope that more drivers can use the advice outlined in the Highway Code, and use recent additions like the ‘Dutch Reach’ to help bring those numbers down as the years go on. “There’s more than enough road for both drivers and cyclists, but regardless of how you’re travelling, people need to take more care.” With that in mind, experts at Scrap Car Comparison have put together a list that will help drivers navigate among the cyclists this week. DON'T MISS UK new car sales fall to one of the worst levels in 30 years [REVEAL] Drivers could be hit with a £27.50 fee to drive in London [INSIGHT] Drivers urged to limit their speed to achieve best hypermiling results [WARNING] The advice is as follows: Always look for cyclists before pulling out at a junction or roundabout, making a turning manoeuvre, or changing lanes in slower-moving traffic. Leave extra room when it’s raining or has rained recently, as the road surface will be wet and slippery, creating issues for both the cyclist and your car’s stopping distance. Always hold back if you’re unsure of what a cyclist’s intention might be. When driving at night and you see a cyclist, make sure to dip your headlights as you would for any other road user. Don’t get frustrated at cyclists who aren’t hugging the curb, or a row of parked cars. Cyclists are trained to ride a little further into the road to increase their visibility and overall safety. Never drive within or park in a cycle lane that is marked with a solid white line. This is a traffic offence and can result in a fine of up to £130 in London and £70 for the rest of the UK. When overtaking, adhere to the rules of the Highway Code’s Rule 163 which states to give cyclists (as well as horse riders and motorcyclists) at least 1.5 metres of room. Keep in mind that cyclists will need to move further out into the road to avoid drains, potholes or debris on the road, so always look for hazards and give them room. Never overtake when you can see that the road ahead will narrow, or when approaching a corner. Most importantly, however, drivers have been told to use the 'Dutch Reach' method when opening the car door. The Dutch Reach method requires drivers to open their door with the hand that is furthest from the door (this would be the left hand for UK drivers) as it forces motorists to turn around and check behind them, avoiding any potential accident. The method was introduced to Rule 239 of the Highway Code in early 2022 to avoid 'dooring' - where cyclists ride into car doors that have been opened by drivers who haven't checked behind them - resulting in serious and fatal injuries.