Sarah (played by Tina O'Brien) has been in the background of a few storylines on Coronation Street recently, including bringing her uncle Stephen Reid (Todd Boyce) back to Weatherfield. However, she found herself in the midst of Toyah's (Georgia Taylor) ongoing plot in Wednesday night's episode of the ITV soap as Imran Habeeb's (Charlie De Melo) wife returned to work whilst still being on bail for supposedly killing her husband. Viewers know the troubled character was behind the lawyer's death but it seems she could be forced to kill again very soon. The drama began as the workers at the Underworld Factory were shocked to see Toyah back in the building after being in prison days before. It wasn't long before she gave them a mouthful for trying to get gossip out of her and her mood did not change when Sarah walked into the office. Seeing the murder suspect sitting behind the desk on the phone with a customer, Sarah said to her: "I wasn't expecting you in today." "Yes, I've been getting a lot of that today," Toyah replied, to which it was clear the Underworld boss was not happy with the decision. "You should have at least let me or Carla [Connor] know," she remarked but the troubled character was ready to hit back. READ MORE: Lesley Dunlop age: How old is Emmerdale's Brenda Walker star? "I didn't realise I needed permission to come back to work," she replied, with Sarah telling her: "Well, it deserved a conversation at least." Toyah declared: "What? And have you fob me off? I don't think so and for your information, I'm only in this situation because of conversations Adam [Barlow] and Peter [Barlow] had with the police. "So as far as I'm concerned, you both owe me," she remarked, with Sarah still not happy with the fact her employee was biting back. "I know this is hard for you," the businessman remarked, with Toyah telling her boss: "Hard? My life is a disaster." Unfortunately, things didn't get any better as one of Underworld's biggest clients walked in and was horrified to see the murder suspect working. Sarah told them the matter was being dealt with and this led to another conversation later on in the episode between her and Toyah. Not realising she was about to be fired, Toyah said to her boss: "I'm sorry if me not being here has caused problems but I think by tomorrow, we'll be back on track." Gearing herself up to make the announcement, Sarah eventually said: "About earlier..." to which Toyah admitted she was out of order. She promised her boss it would never happen again but Sarah wasn't willing to take the risk. "That's the thing, I just think with everything that's going on and all the stress you're under, I just cannot afford the clients to be upset. DON'T MISS...Katie McGlynn details ‘bittersweet’ moment she landed Corrie role [COMMENT]Alan Halsall weight loss: Secrets behind Corrie star's transformation [ANALYSIS]Sally Carman posts sexy swimsuit snap after battling illness [PICTURES] "I've got to think about the business, I'm really sorry Toyah," Sarah said as she finally told the murder suspect she was fired. "Come on, Sarah, I need this job," the troubled character remarked, before realising her boss was not going to change her mind. "Tell me when you find it...your backbone," Toyah said as her parting shot, knowing Sarah was being influenced by the murder case. Towards the end of the episode, a devastated Toyah was seen walking home to her empty flat and it seemed she had given up on trying to appease people. However, in upcoming scenes, she could plot to get her revenge on Sarah and Adam Barlow (Sam Robertson), by killing the Underworld boss. As she sees red, Toyah could end up running down Sarah with her car and leaving her for dead in the middle of the road. By the time someone finds Sarah, it could be too late as she will have died and no medical assistance would bring her back. Adam would be determined to find his wife's killer but will he put the pieces of the puzzle together and realise Toyah has claimed another victim? The actress who plays Sarah, Tina, has previously spoken about her future on the show and has explained she doesn't know when she will leave. Tina said in an interview with Express.co.uk about staying on for another 25 years: "Wow. I'd love to." "We tend to be contracted so the moment I know I've got a guarantee of about a year and then who knows after that," Tina added. "But I do absolutely love Coronation Street and I am very, very happy at the moment. So fingers crossed," she commented. It could be a few more months, therefore, before Toyah claims Sarah as her next victim, meaning a long-running storyline could be on the cards. Fans are sure to be heartbroken if Sarah does end up leaving but how will her loved ones react to her untimely death? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.