The Prime Minister spoke with Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on Tuesday about Russia’s blockade of Ukraine exports from the Black Sea. However, Mr Johnson also told Mr Erdoğan the UK stands behind Finland and Sweden’s plans to join NATO, despite Turkey’s opposition to the countries joining the military bloc. A statement published by the Government said: “The Prime Minister spoke to the President of Türkiye, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, today to discuss global food security and defence and economic cooperation. “The Prime Minister updated President Erdoğan on his recent visit to Kyiv, and the leaders agreed on the importance of ending Russia’s war of aggression and restoring Ukrainian sovereignty. “They continued discussions on international efforts to urgently end Russia’s blockade of Ukrainian grain exports, which is hitting developing countries particularly hard. “The Prime Minister welcomed Türkiye’s ongoing leadership on this issue and commitment to keep Black Sea trade routes open.” Since the start of the war Russia has blockaded the Black Sea, preventing Ukraine from exporting much of its grain. Last week, the Ukrainian Navy claimed it struck the Russian Navy Project 22870 salvage tugboat Spasatel Vasily Bekh ( SB 739) in a missile strike in the Black Sea. In a statement on its official Twitter account on June 17, the Ukrainian Navy said the vessel was attacked while transporting personnel, weapons, and ammunition to the Zmiinyi (Snake) Island with a Tor surface-to-air missile system on board. Based on the preliminary data available, 70 percent of the vessel's crew were affected. On Monday, Russian officials said Ukraine launched missile strikes against three gas rigs in the Black Sea south of Odesa. Seven people were missing and three injured after the strikes, according to the head of occupied Crimea, Sergey Aksyonov. The UK’s statement continued: “Looking ahead to next week’s NATO Summit, the Prime Minister reiterated the UK’s support for Sweden and Finland’s accession to the Alliance and agreed with President Erdoğan that all parties would continue to work together to find a path forward. “The leaders also welcomed increased defence and security cooperation between the UK and Türkiye and raised new opportunities to deepen that partnership. “They looked forward to continuing their discussions in Madrid next week.” On Monday, discussions between Turkey, Finland and Sweden about joining NATO ended inconclusively. During the talks in Brussels, Turkey showed no signs of abandoning its position that it would veto the Nordic countries' NATO accession unless they address its security concerns and take effective steps to “combat terrorism”. Turkey also insists Sweden and Finland must end their support to the Syrian Kurdish People’s Protection Units (YPG), the US-led coalition’s lead partner in the fight against the Islamic State in Syria. Presidential Spokesman Ibrahim Kalin, who led the Turkish delegation, said talks would continue but that the forthcoming NATO summit in Madrid next week was not a deadline. A source told news outlet Al-Monitor: “The Turks are not providing any clear perspective [for their membership] and it’s likely to turn into fireworks in Madrid.” It comes ahead of the G7, where Mr Johnson is set to push leaders to strengthen support for Ukraine. A senior Government source told the Telegraph: "There is a big fight on to give Zelensky the space and reassurance that if he wants to hold on and not settle for a s***** peace that he will have enough support, in moral support and practical support. "If Zelensky turned around and said 'we can’t sustain the pain, the losses', if Zelensky reached that conclusion, then Boris would support him. "But what the Prime Minister doesn't want is for Zelensky to give in when he doesn’t want to because he feels he doesn’t have the moral or political support. He doesn’t want him to have to take a s***** deal."