Iconic British brand Jaguar is in something of a period of transition at the moment, promising to go all-electric from 2025, threatening to quit the UK and deleting 10 years’ worth of posts from its official instagram account. But thanks to the used market you can still pick up a big cat bargain for less than the price of a decent Dacia… 1998 Jaguar XK8 4.0 - £10,999As we’ve said before, Jaguars have a nice habit of getting better looking the older they get, a tradition that started back with the F-Type. This XK8 is a Japanese import, which might sound scary, but actually means it will have been rigorously maintained and there won’t be any rust. With only 70,000 miles covered in 25 years this car looks absolutely perfect inside and out, with a red pearl exterior and supple cream leather seats. For just £11,000 you’re never going to lose money on it, it looks almost as good as an Aston Martin of the same era, and if you break down you can always amuse yourself trying to read the Japanese owner’s manual. READ MORE: TAX THEM! Electric cars cause 'more pollution' than petrol and diesel 2014 Jaguar XF Sportbrake V6 - £16,495The XF Sportbrake is one of the most handsome estates around and this example is in - if you ask us - the best colour combination of navy blue and cream interior. The three-litre V6 under the bonnet means plenty of shove and good economy for long distances, and you’re not going to find many things more stylish to do a road trip in than this. This particular car is a one-owner, Jag-maintained vehicle, packed full of comforts like front and rear heated seats, DAB radio and much more.  DON'T MISSDriver‘s car completely covered in cling film [SHOCKING]Low Emission Zones launching today - Polluting vehicles to be banned [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of staggering fines for not wearing sunglasses [WARNING] 2017 Jaguar F-Pace 2.0d R-Sport - £19,950If you can put up with this car having a manual gearbox and a diesel engine, two things that seemingly strike fear into the hearts of millions in 2022, then for less than the price of a base level Nissan Qashqai, you could pick up one of the most stylish and sought after SUVs on the market. The R-Sport package makes this blacked-out example look a little sportier, while inside it’s new enough to feature tech such as lane departure warning. Add a panoramic roof and rear camera, and for less than 20 grand, you’ll be driving a car the neighbours think cost twice as much. The only slight issue is that this one is in Northern Ireland, which of course isn’t an issue if you live in Northern Ireland. If you don’t, then it’s an excuse to enjoy driving this back to wherever you live. 2005 Jaguar XK 4.2L V8 - £11,990No doubt ruinously expensive to tax, run and insure, but the most important thing about this successor to the XK8 is that thunderous V8 engine which will do 0-60 in 5.9 seconds, and the striking looks - placed somewhere between an American muscle car and typical Jag sleekness. And this isn’t even the five-litre supercharged model. Totally inappropriate for driving around country lanes on a quiet summer’s late morning, violently interrupting leisurely games of cricket - and all the better for it. 2015 Jaguar XJ Portfolio - £17,995A frankly ludicrous amount of car for the money, this XJ might be seven years old but it is absolutely packed with technology that requires paying for on most current cars, plus you’ll find the finest ingredients inside. Soft leather, beautiful wood, powered headrests(!), a proper clock with hands, a vast panoramic roof and enough legroom for Peter Crouch to stretch out comfortably. An 82 litre fuel tank means it will cost the GDP of a small country to fill up, but you’ll be too busy being chauffeured around in comfort by a suitably-bribed family member to care. 2018 Jaguar XE R-Sport - £18,920Barely four years old and for less than 20k you’re getting a serious 3-series rival that looks superb in R-Sport guise, sporting black wheels and smart Corris grey paint. While not quite as quick as the 2 litre fuel-injected model, it will still hit 60 in less than seven seconds and the interior looks immaculate. With just 40,000 miles covered you shouldn’t be too worried about those famed Jaguar reliability issues and the tax and insurance are both very reasonable. Really, on the outside and the inside, this looks like a brand new car, and it costs half the price of a Skoda Kodiaq. It’s a bargain.