Arsenal are willing to hand Gabriel Jesus a pay packet worth three times as much as Bukayo Saka and Emile Smith Rowe's contracts put together. Mikel Arteta is desperate to sign a striker in the summer transfer window. Arsenal have made their latest play in convincing Jesus to leave City for them this summer by offering him a huge contract. The Brazilian is one of the first names on Arteta's wish list in the transfer window. The Gunners have made signing a striker a priority ahead of the market opening after losing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette. They have alleviated some of the concern, though, with Eddie Nketiah reportedly close to extending his terms. However, that has not changed the fact that Arsenal are in dire need of a top No. 9 and several have been linked. Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Victor Osimhen and Alexander Isak have all been heavily linked with a switch. But the top choice is a player that Arteta knows well from his time as assistant coach to Pep Guardiola at City in Jesus. Ahead of Erling Haaland's arrival at the Etihad, there appears to be no room left for the Brazilian. And Arsenal had been best primed to snap up the former Palmeiras star but their late slip in the Premier League that saw them drop to fifth has cast fresh doubt. Without Champions League football, Arteta's transfer plans have had to be altered. But that has not slowed his approach regarding Jesus, though it has forced them to up their offer. According to The Sun, Arsenal are willing to hand the 26-year-old a contract worth £200,000-a-week. Remarkably, that would see Jesus double his current salary that he gets at City. Perhaps even more startling is the fact that signing such a deal would see the striker earn nearly three times that of Saka and Smith Rowe - combined. Saka currently brings home £30,000-a-week while Smith Rowe earns around £40,000 on a weekly basis, landing £70,000 put together. However, if Arsenal had their way, both of them would have received huge pay boosts. The Gunners are locked in contract talks with both but neither have put pen to paper yet. Nevertheless, Jesus' contract at the Emirates would see him earn pay parity with Thomas Partey - who is the top earner at the club.