Labour MP Barry Gardiner was held to account by journalist Nick Ferrari for how the strike would impact innocent Britons. Mr Gardiner claimed it was within rail workers' rights to withdraw their labour from their employers. The scheduled national train strikes have been causing widespread uproar amongst the British public due to the amount of disruption they will cause. Mr Gardiner claimed there were other means of transport for the sick cancer patient to get to the hospital for treatment, despite Mr Ferrari insisting he didn't have a car. Mr Ferrari said: "What if the person Barry Gardiner featured in the newspapers today, the Daily Telegraph will not now be able to make his chemotherapy treatment on June 21st in the Royal Surrey County Hospital in Guildford. "Because he can't make the journey due to rail strikes, we talk about rights, what right does a body of men and women have to stop that man from getting his cancer treatment." Mr Gardiner told LBC: "No look there are other ways..." Mr Ferrari added: "Well they don't have a right do they?" Mr Gardiner said: "Look it's not they have a right to withdraw their labor from their employer." JUST IN: Johnny Depp gave serious warning to actor after 'drug incident' Mr Ferrari said: "So this bloke doesn't get his chemo?" Mr Gardiner added: "And... No, they're not stopping that person from getting the chemotherapy." Mr Ferrari added: "He doesn't have a car." Mr Gardiner said: "No but there are other ways in which he could be taken there ok, so look can I just... Look I want to." Mr Ferrari said: "He's got cancer, Barry!" Mr Gardiner added: "Look I understand and my sympathies are with all those people who are going to be inconvenienced."  READ MORE:Royal Family LIVE: Not playing nice! Outrageous claim Kate and William fed up with Meghan    Mr Shapps is yet to meet with Mr Lynch but instead has been posting his opinion on the up-and-coming strikes on Twitter. Mr Shapps tweeted: "I am immensely proud of our railway network, but vital changes are needed if it is to keep pace with modern life. Strikes should be the last resort, and today I will deliver a speech setting out the change and collaboration needed to overhaul the industry and secure its future." Mr Shapps added: "very disappointing @RMTunion are taking action that could damage the rail network after taxpayers contributed £16bn, £600 per household, to keep jobs during Covid. We're working with industry to reduce disruption caused by strikes but urge unions to come to talks with employers."