The Met have warned of "Slow moving thunderstorms leading to some surface water flooding and disruption" in Wales this afternoon. The yellow warning will primarily impact the Bangor region in North Wales. This follows an earlier yellow warning for the South of England, similarly predicting thunderstorms and showers. The bad weather comes as thousands across the UK take to the streets for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, celebrating 70 years on the throne. Issued at 3.23pm today, the warning predicts there will be "Some flooding of a few homes and businesses likely, leading to some damage to buildings or structures". Concerns have also been raised that lightning strikes will add to the damage to buildings. The Met's report says the warning lasts until 6pm today. Further impacts include the possibility of short power cuts, or other services being affected. The agency added: "Thunderstorms, slow moving near the coast in particular will continue to produce locally very heavy rain, hail and lightning before easing. "20-30 mm of rain possible within an hour and as much as 40-50 mm in 1-2 hours." This comes just after a yellow warning for the South of England for tomorrow morning. The affected area in this case includes London, where many key Jubilee celebrations are being held. The forecasters said that while many places will start dry, "thunderstorms will bring heavy rain and lightning to some places early on Saturday". It has put the yellow weather warning in place from midnight tonight to 10am tomorrow. The meteorology agency predicted that there was a possibility that thunderstorms will move northwards into the southern counties early on Saturday morning, before easing off. It said: "Many places will miss the worst of them, but where they do occur frequent lightning and heavy rain is possible." READ MORE: Armed police storm London high street after major incident [REVEAL]  Concerns have been raised that poor weather impacts will be exacerbated by the large number of people travelling over the next few days. This is due to the fact that the Platinum Jubilee weekend, a bank holiday, coincides with schools' half term break. Rod Dennis, RAC's traffic spokesperson, said yesterday (Thursday): "The fact the bank holidays coincide with the end of half-term in many places has the potential to put some extra pressure on the road network, so planning a journey carefully is important to beat the worst of any queues. "The best way for drivers to avoid breaking down this week is to check over their vehicles before setting out – yet our research shows less than a fifth do this routinely. "Making sure oil, coolant and screenwash are all at the right levels takes just minutes, as does ensuring tyres are free of damage and are inflated properly. A bit of TLC now could make the difference between a straightforward trip and one beset by a breakdown."  The Met also provide advice for those travelling in difficult conditions, including giving yourself more time to react to hazards due to slippery roads, a firm grip on the wheel to cope with winds, and using dipped headlights when necessary. The RNLI have also warned that while wanted people to be able to enjoy their time at the beaches, it was expecting it to get "incredibly busy at the coast" and wanted "to make sure people stay safe and know what to do in an emergency".  The weather could impact a number of Jubilee events, such as the Red Arrows display due to take place on both Saturday and Sunday at the English Riviera Show in Torbay, on the Devon coastline. Furthermore, Saturday evening will see acts including Queen, Duran Duran and Elbow take to the stage outside Buckingham Palace for an open-air Jubilee concert. However, heavy rain failed to stop an estimated million people flocking to the banks of the River Thames in 2012, to watch a thousand-boat royal flotilla. 