AMC’s Breaking Bad prequel series Better Call Saul is expected to return to screens next month for its last-ever instalment. With the show coming to an end, Bryan Cranston opened up about his major comeback as Walter White.  After premiering in 2015 following the success of Breaking Bad, Better Call Saul gave fans an in-depth look at Saul Goodman’s (played by Bob Odenkirk) life. The return of season six provided viewers with hints as the series was approaching the beginnings of Breaking Bad. A major clue was in episode four titled ‘Hit and Run’ where he showed Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn) his newly-purchased office. This would soon be recognised in Breaking Bad as the Saul Goodman & Associates offices where he would conduct a majority of his businesses as a Criminal Defense Attorney.  READ MORE: Lisa Nandy dodges strike probe as Raworth grills MP over action The final few episodes of Better Call Saul are set to hit the screens in July following the show’s mid-season finale. Fans can expect a major cameo from the iconic characters Walter White (Bryan Cranston) and Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul) who starred in Breaking Bad. This was first confirmed in April by the show’s co-creator Peter Gould at Paleyfest LA. He stated: “I don’t want to spoil things for the audience, but I will say the first question we had when we started the show was, 'Are we gonna see Walt and Jesse on the show?'  “Instead of evading, I’ll just say yeah,” he confirmed. However, he remained tight-lipped about their storylines: “How or the circumstances or anything, you’ll just have to discover that for yourself. “But I have to say that’s one of many things that I think you’ll discover this season.” While many viewers were eagerly anticipating their appearance in the first half of season six Jesse and Walter didn’t show, which left fans hopeful for July.  DON'T MISS...Kate Middleton’s touching nod in Cambridge's Father’s Day photo [INSIGHT]Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston wows fans with unrecognisable new look [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul's Gus star tribute to 'adversary' Tony Dalton [INSIGHT] Ahead of the show’s return, Walter star Bryan Cranston dropped a major teaser about his character’s comeback. Speaking on the Kelly and Ryan show, he announced he was returning as “the Breaking Bad character, but I’m going to Better Call Saul”. He continued: “I have an appearance on Better Call Saul, I don’t know what it is because Aaron and I shot this episode a year and a half ago and they weren't in production yet. “They actually flew us into Albuquerque under the dark of night and we took two steps off the aeroplane and into an SUV.”  Cranston detailed they were “cloaked, and we went to an Air BnB and they said ‘Here’s where you stay, you cannot leave.’ “I was so interesting, I was literally walking around the perimeter within the walls and this was my exercise.” As fans eagerly await their appearances, many have taken to predicting the characters’ storylines, as one suggested Saul could be hired by Jesse. Which fits the Breaking Bad narrative as Jesse and Saul already knew each other and Jesse introduced him to Walter. Better Call Saul season six, part two returns to AMC on Monday, July 11. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 