Gareth Southgate would do a better job as Manchester United manager than Erik ten Hag will do, claims former Liverpool midfielder Danny Murphy. Ten Hag has signed a three-year contract to be the permanent boss at Old Trafford, replacing interim manager Ralf Rangnick. But Murphy believes Southgate and his assistant Steve Holland would have been a better choice by the Red Devils. Southgate has led England to the World Cup semi-final and European Championship final in his two major tournaments in charge. Murphy was on talkSPORT on Monday morning and was asked who he would prefer to manage a Premier League club between Southgate and Ten Hag. He responded: "Gareth and Steve." The pundit then elaborated on his reasons for doing so. He added: "Well I know them. They've come a long way, the pair of them, they've got a great partnership. READ MORE: Chelsea chief sets tongues wagging over Ousmane Dembele with Twitter activity  "I think for what they've achieved at England, the way he's managed players, big players, I think he's evolved into a very, very intelligent football manager. With Steve by his side I think they'd do a great job at a big club." Ten Hag leaves Ajax having won three Eredivisie titles in the last four seasons. Murphy says there is no doubting he arrives in Manchester with some pedigree behind him. However, he has doubts over the Dutchman's ability to manage high-profile players. Murphy says Southgate has shown he can do just that in his time in charge of England. He added: "What United need now isn't all about on the pitch. They'll be judged on that but initially what do United need? DON'T MISSLeeds chief Victor Orta may soon have four new signings with talks underway [TRANSFERS]Christian Eriksen tipped to snub Man Utd and Tottenham as likely transfer named [QUOTES]Tottenham up ante for Djed Spence as Fabio Paratici pursues third summer deal [TRANSFERS]  "They need someone to bring together this squad and to try and create a unity and an atmosphere and an energy that England have. I think that would be fair. "I think what Ten Hag has done is of course credible, winning the league three or four times at Ajax, did alright at Utrecht, but he's not managed big players at a big club so we don't know how he's going to deal with that pressure. Every part of his life is going to be magnified. "Whether he goes to the wrong shop at the wrong time, whether he drives the wrong car, everything he does is now going to be talked about."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here