Newspaper reports in Italy claim Chelsea have told Inter Milan they want to sign Denzel Dumfries as part of a deal that could see Romelu Lukaku seal a sensational return to the San Siro. Talks between the clubs are ongoing over the future of the Belgian, who is keen to return to his former side after just one season back in west London following his club-record £97.5million switch last August. Lukaku may still have to patch over some of the bridges that were burned with the Nerazzurri ultras in order to seal a return but for now, Chelsea are focused on finding a solution. The Blues are said to have told Lukaku that he can depart, providing the money is right for Chelsea. On Wednesday, it was claimed Inter Milan were ready to offer Chelsea Milan Skriniar or Alessandro Bastoni in return for Lukaku, although it's unclear whether either player is genuinely on the table. However, Italian newspaper Gazzetta dello Sport now claim - on their back page (see image below) - Chelsea have requested Dumfries in a deal. READ MORE: Inter Milan 'willing to offer Chelsea two players' in Romelu Lukaku swap deal transfer The flying Dutchman, who enjoyed an excellent debut campaign in Milan following his 2021 summer switch from PSV Eindhoven, would fit Thomas Tuchel's system like a glove. He is a tenacious right wing-back with an appetite for goals having netted five times in all competitions last season. Dumfries also registered seven assists and he has all the tools to provide healthy competition with England international Reece James, who can also play at right centre-back. It's currently unclear whether Inter would be prepared to offload Dumfries after just one season in Italy given how much he impressed under Simone Inzaghi. READ MORELiverpool 'make club-record Darwin Nunez bid' with Jurgen Klopp 'crazy' about transferInter Milan 'willing to offer Chelsea two players' in Romelu Lukaku swap deal transferDarwin Nunez 'picks between Liverpool and Man Utd transfer' during private Benfica talks Chelsea would also seemingly be open to signing Lautaro Martinez in exchange for Lukaku but Inter are not prepared to let that happen. The Argentine remains happy in Milan and is not looking to change clubs ahead of November's World Cup in Qatar. Ideally, Inter would like to partner Lautaro with Lukaku in attack once again but the operation is far from straightforward. Furthermore, Inter are now also closing in on a deal for Juventus striker Paulo Dybala, who is out of contract in Turn at the end of the month. Talks were ongoing as of Wednesday evening with Inter now in the driving seat to sign the 28-year-old, whose arrival could decrease Chelsea's prospects of offloading Lukaku. Chelsea's summer transfer business is yet to get underway due to the delay of the takeover, which had previously prevented the Blues from signing any players. Now Tuchel is expected to be handed a summer war chest by new owner Todd Boehly, who wants the German to mark the start of the new era in style next season at Stamford Bridge. Several players could be pushed towards the exit door though including Timo Werner, Hakim Ziyech and Christian Pulisic - in addition to Lukaku.