Eamonn Holmes and Loose Women star Judi Love appeared on Friday's instalment of The One Show where they discussed their latest television projects. Eamonn opened up about presenting a new cooking show on BBC One called Farm to Feast: Best Menu Wins. He admitted his wife Ruth Langsford may have been asked to host the show as he is "more famous" than she is. The One Show presenter Alex Jones asked Eamonn about the cooking show which celebrates amateur cooks and award-winning produces from across Northern Ireland. She said: "Viewers will be in for a treat when a new cookery show hits our screens for this show which is presented by the one and only Eamonn. "It's already gone down a storm in Northern Ireland and now the whole country gets to watch it." Northern Irish star Eamonn explained the show appealed to him because he thought it might inspire people at home to try out new recipes.  READ MORE: GMB viewers demand Richard Madeley be removed over Rwanda question When opening up about his own experience in the kitchen, Eamonn said: "It's not that I am against cooking, I really like cooking very much, but you know what I don't like - dishes. "If I want to eat I want to eat now, I don't want to eat in 45 minutes' time, I am not good at that synchronisation where you bring things to the boil and then simmer." He then confessed: "Ruth is very jealous of me doing these things, I mean when I was asked to do Celebrity Masterchef she just said: "You couldn't do that, I am the cook, why didn't they ask me?' "I told her, 'Well, it's because you're not as famous as me.'"  The cast started laughing at Eamonn's remarks about former This Morning presenter Ruth. He added: "She scared me as she told me baking is a complete science." Turning back toward the cooking show, Eamonn said: "The six cooks in here, we have all become the closest friends and we go to functions together and each other's houses. "It's great having mates who can cook for you all the time." He went on to say he feels people have lost the connection to where their food has come from. DON'T MISS...Ruth Langsford gushes over Dame Deborah James after Ascot meet [LATEST]Eamonn Holmes blasts Brexit for 'underpaid and understaffed' NHS [MUST SEE]'What right does she have?' Fergie's support for Prince Andrew slammed [UPDATE] "You go to a supermarket and you think a packet of bacon comes from a packet," he stressed. When Alex asked if Eamonn enjoyed filming the programme in Northern Ireland, where he grew up, he said: "There are more ice cream parlours in Northern Ireland than anywhere else. "There's a massive Italian community and there has been over the years. "They came originally to Ireland to build churches as they were the master craftsmen.  "But we ended up with cafes and ice cream parlours and I just adore ice cream." He joked that if he was sent to a desert island and he could bring one item, it would be raspberry ripple ice cream. Eamonn Holmes hosts Farm to Feast alongside Michelin star chef Danni Barry and food critic Joris Minne as judges. The One Show continues on weekdays at 7pm on BBC One. 