Multiple garages are said to be affected along a 40-mile stretch of the A30 between Plusha and Chiverton Cross in Cornwall. More than 200 people are expected to attend the protest, scheduled for Friday, June 24. Motorists have branded it "ridiculous" as they fear it'll cause severe disruption. Nevertheless, the average price of petrol across the UK is 186.59p per litre while it is 192.48p for diesel, reports Cornwall Live. The event Facebook page says: "With fuel being the way it is, we need to make a stand. Friday, June 24, from 5pm until 9pm, bring refreshments and munch. We are going to block various fuel stations up and down the A30 so we need numbers on different stations only need a few at each enough to block the entrances. "Do not block roadways just the entrance so if the entrance is blocked already do not sit on the road causing a nuisance. Do notstop emergency services from entering and refuelling, we must not hold emergency services up in any shape or form! We must be there from 5pm and no later than 9pm." Among those who've clicked "attending" say action must be taken to show the government that fuel prices are unacceptable.  But one Facebook user posted: "While I understand the reasoning, surely this could cause chaos for emergency services? Imagine having a heart attack and not being able to get an ambulance because it's stuck in something like this." Their comment was liked several times. Another shared: "How ridiculous? They are like kids, they need to grow up as they're always disrupting people's lives." A third wrote: "I really don't see the point in all of these protests. I know that these people mean well but the only people who they are hurting are the general public who will not be able to live their lives when the protests are happening." Another posted: "Brilliant! What about carers, midwives, nurses, paramedics etc who need to get fuel to get to work?" The RAC Foundation has confirmed that, as of last week, 44.71% of diesel prices go towards taxes while it is 45.58% for petrol. However, at points, this number has been above this 70% including in 2020, 2016 and 2015. While the Government cut fuel duty by 5p per litre back in March, retailers pocketed 4p of this saving on average. Despite this, and the fact prices have risen much further since then, the Treasury has so far refused to help drivers further, despite calls for fuel duty to be cut further and for VAT on fuel to be reduced. Despite this, the Government has maintained that there is no significant VAT increase because while VAT receipts from fuel are up, the overall VAT take is down due to reduced consumer spending on other goods and services.  A spokesman for the protesters said funeral cars and hospital transfers would also be let through without delay.