Tottenham have taken a backseat regarding their interest in Everton forward Anthony Gordon - despite making a 'package' offer for the Toffees youngster. Spurs have been in deep dialogue with Everton in the past week as they continued to discuss possible deals involving Harry Winks, Richarlison and the England U21 star. Bill Kenwright had dinner with Daniel Levy in Mayfair on Monday night as Tottenham began to turn the screw in their pursuit of Richarlison. The Brazilian international is expected to complete his move to north London in the coming days but it appears Tottenham will no longer be targeting Gordon, which will be music to the ears of deflated Everton supporters. According to Sky Sports, Tottenham have now cooled their interest in Gordon, although he will remain a player of interest to them in the future. Spurs are indeed understood to have tabled a blockbuster combined offer to sign the 21-year-old and Richarlison as part of the same deal. READ MORE: Tottenham on verge of fourth and fifth signings following double transfer breakthrough But the approach was rebuffed by Everton, who were only willing to entertain selling Richarlison as an isolated transaction. The Toffees were keen to push through a deal before today's Financial Fair Play deadline in order to balance the book. Yet there was reportedly fury in Everton circles when Tottenham's first straight cash offer arrived for Richarlison on Wednesday afternoon at 4pm. Tottenham had tabled around £40m plus £10m in add-ons for the Brazil international - a bid deemed unacceptable. DON'T MISS THE LATEST TRANSFER GOSSIPEverton star Richarlison hints Tottenham transfer imminent with message to distraught fanTottenham on verge of fourth and fifth signings following double transfer breakthroughTottenham 'offer Everton blockbuster £100m transfer package' after Daniel Levy dinner date Spurs soon returned though by striking the agreement overnight for £50m plus £10m in bonuses. Richarlison is currently in Brazil where is expected to undergo a medical on Thursday ahead of his move to the capital. He has already agreed personal terms with Spurs and will sign a long-term contract with Antonio Conte's side. Gordon was said to be open to a switch to Spurs, although he is also very happy at Everton after breaking into the first-team picture. The winger is now considered to be one of the first names on the Toffees team sheet by manager Frank Lampard. Everton told Tottenham they did not want to consider offers for Gordon following their package proposal. Spurs are set to hold a final meeting with Everton to discuss the potential sale of Harry Winks. The central midfielder has been the subject of talks centred around a £20m deal but there are now doubts as to whether Everton will pursue the move.