Dame Joanna Lumley will be a special guest presenter on Sky News’ coverage of Jubilee Big Lunch on Sunday, followed later by the Platinum Jubilee pageant. The Absolutely Fabulous actress said she is “utterly thrilled” to present live alongside veteran broadcasters Kay Burley and Alastair Bruce. As a self-professed life-long fan of the Queen, Dame Joanna said she was “terribly proud” to be presenting celebrations about a woman she “hugely admires”. The star has previously spoken about the “good-hearted” nature of the Royal Family and recalled a particularly heartwarming story about the Queen. Appearing on an episode of The Jonathan Ross Show in December, she said: “If you do meet any member of the Royal Family, they are so kind and so friendly and so polite and not grand. “You’ll find kindly, good-hearted people.” She revealed the relaxed nature of the monarch, saying: “A friend of mine who was a grand old painter, he painted the Queen several times. “One day she was sitting for him and she said: ‘Do you think it’s cold in here?’ She said: ‘I think it’s cold.’ “She got on her knees, got some twigs… set a little fire going in the hearth. “You kind of don’t imagine the Queen doing that.” Ms Lumley appeared on the talk show to discuss her new book, ‘A Queen for All Seasons: A Celebration of Our One and Only Queen Elizabeth II on Her Platinum Jubilee’, which highlights key moments from Her Majesty’s 70-year reign. The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations come to an end on Sunday, with a spectacular final event — a carnival-like pageant which will tell the story of the monarch’s historic reign. Ahead of the celebrations, Dame Joanna spoke about Her Majesty’s dedicated service. She told PA: “The Queen made a promise when she was terribly young, she said her whole life would be in service of us, her people and she would never falter and never waver from it and she never has. “I can’t think of anybody who’s ever made a promise like that in public and kept to it. So I’m a great fan of the Queen, I just think she’s remarkable. “She’s a pretty special person and I think we would all love to be loved by the Queen and I think she loves us all. “I think she looks at her people, not only the people here but the people of the Commonwealth and anybody who looks up to her, I think she treats them all with love, so I love her for that.” Dame Joanna’s special coverage will begin with the Big Jubilee Lunch which encourages communities up and down the country to come together and celebrate the Queen’s Jubilee. Then from 2pm on Sunday, she will lead viewers through the biggest event of the weekend — the Platinum Jubilee Pageant. The pageant will be led by the Gold State Coach — a 260-year-old carriage that carried the Queen from her coronation in 1953 — and will begin at Westminster Palace, go past Buckingham Palace and travel up past St James’s Park. Described as a “once-in-a-lifetime experience”, the parade will be split into four acts: For Queen And Country, The Time Of Our Lives, Let's Celebrate, and Happy And Glorious. The first will feature a military parade, which will celebrate the UK Armed Forces from all three services: the Army, Navy and RAF, along with military personnel from the Commonwealth countries. The second act is a "vibrant display of British life since 1972" and a celebration of culture, music, and technology of the past 70 years. The third, Let's Celebrate, will tell the story of the Queen's life in 12 chapters, with a nod to some of the monarch’s greatest loves and passions — it will include a 20ft puppet of a young Princess Elizabeth surrounded by a pack of corgis. The fourth and final act will take place in front of the palace around the Queen Victoria Memorial, it will serve as an opportunity for the performers and the public to gather to pay tribute to Her Majesty with the singing of the national anthem. The pageant will see a host of famous faces coming together to honour the monarch — Ed Sheeran will end the celebrations with a musical tribute, while the likes of Sir Cliff Richard, Alan Titchmarsh, Heston Blumenthal and Gok Wan will all take part in the closing festivities. Dame Joanna will appear on Sky News for the Big Jubilee Lunch at 11am.