Meghan Markle and Queen Letizia have both been spotted in the same Stella McCartney cape dress - in different colours. Each royal accessorised the look differently. The Duchess of Sussex celebrated the Queen's 92nd birthday at the Royal Albert Hall on April 21, 2018. She looked elegant as ever in a Stella McCartney cape dress, in navy. The item is now sold out, however reportedly cost $1,635 (around £1,300). Meghan paired the chic and sophisticated number with a pair of Manolo Blahnik BB Tora Heel Pump In Navy Suede. READ MORE: Zara Tindall 'gorgeous' in raspberry red at Trooping the Colour These are retailed at $665 (around £530). The Duchess accessorised with the gold Naeem Khan Armory Zodiac Clutch. The bag, which boasts beautiful Swarovski crystals, was far from cheap at $1,490 (around £1,187). In keeping with the gold theme, Meghan wore some gold bracelets on one wrist. One of these was the Shaun Leane Gold Thin Serpents Trace Bracelet, "inspired by the vertebrae of snake" according to the official website, costing from £550. The other was the Gold Signature Tusk Diamond Bracelet by the same iconic designer, costing from ​£950. She also wore the 'Talon' Earrings by British designer Shaun Leane, which would set buyers back from $255 (roughly £203). Meghan rounded off the look with some 14ct Catbird 'Threadbare' Yellow Gold Rings, priced at a reasonable $44 (around £35). Royal fans took to Instagram to praise the fashionista. @joyboydcolhoun said: "Outstanding - congratulations Meghan - you're getting it spot on!" @snowclouds added: "Breathtaking." The Duchess re-wore the cape at the opening ceremony of the Invictus Games in Sydney, Australia later than year. But Meghan Markle was not the first royal woman to step out in the Stella McCartney cape dress. In fact, Queen Letizia stepped out in the same dress a year before when she attended the Innovation and Design Awards on February 6, 2017, in Spain. But rather than wearing the navy cape dress, Queen Letizia's Stella McCartney number was olive green. Both royals wore their hair in an elegant up do. However, the Spanish monarch opted for different accessories. She wore some bold snakeskin pumps, matching snakeskin bag and statement diamond and pearl earrings. Speaking about Meghan taking inspiration from Queen Letizia, Instagram user @snowflakes72 said: "Letizia is stylish, a good one to copy if needs be." @theroyalhistorian said: "Copycatting Letizia's fashion style is always a win for me." @shortk2 added: "My favourite royals!!! SLAYERS."