Andy Murray has beaten Nick Kyrgios 7-6, 6-2 in the semi-finals of the Stuttgart Open to set up a clash with Matteo Berrettini in the final. The match was Murray's first tour-level semi-final since 2016 at Wimbledon, where he beat Tomas Berdych in straight sets before defeating Milos Raonic to win his last Grand Slam singles title. Since then, Murray's career has been beset by injury problems, with the former world number one forced to undergo two hip surgeries in 2018 and 2019. The 35-year-old's win over Stefanos Tsitsipas in the quarter-finals at Stuttgart was his first victory against a top-five player since he beat Novak Djokovic at the 2016 ATP Finals. Murray was in vintage form against Tsitsipas and continued to show his quality against Kyrgios. In a very close first set, Murray led throughout before winning a tiebreak to go 7-6 up in the match. Following the Scotsman's triumph in the tiebreak, Kyrgios smashed his racket on the floor and was handed a penalty point, before getting a game penalty for unsportsmanlike conduct. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal drops 'expiration date' hint over Wimbledon appearance Murray then comfortably won the second set 6-2 to book his place in the final. And his performances in Stuttgart certainly bode well for fans hoping to see him star at this year's Wimbledon. After his semi-final win over Tsitsipas, Murray talked up his abilities on the grass court, saying: "I thought I did well. He served unbelievably well in the first set and I had very few chances when I was returning. "But when he was creating opportunities on my serve I stayed strong. I played a really solid tiebreak and in the second set. DON'T MISSNadal backed to rival Djokovic at Wimbledon by uncle despite injuryRafael Nadal's miracle season explained by top sports doctorFederer shares comeback schedule and 'problem' he'd like to have "Once I was in the rallies I felt like I was dictating a lot of the points so it was a good performance. I don't want to say I was the smarter player, but maybe this surface suits my style. "Stefanos plays well on all surfaces but this works really nicely for my game and I'm able to use my strengths better."