The lifelong Brexiteer and pioneer of the movement to get the UK out of the EU criticised Mr Johnson for folding to the demands of Brussels during negotiations in 2019. When he was first made Conservative leader, the incumbent of No. 10 vowed to “get Brexit done” by forcing the continent to renegotiate the deal it struck with Theresa May.  Writing for MailOnline, Mr Farage said: “What people voted for in 2016 was a proper Brexit. “They want full sovereignty over our borders. “Respecting their wishes will not only achieve this, it will also win Boris Johnson the next election. “As a Prime Minister on the ropes who appears to want to remain in power, he should listen rather carefully to this message.  “For although advisers advise and Ministers decide, voters have the final say.” The Prime Minister won the 2019 election campaigning for his Northern Ireland Protocol, saying it would “get Brexit done”. But checks on goods crossing the Irish Sea have caused turmoil and he has tabled a Bill to rip them up, enraging the EU. Critics said at the time that the Protocol, which put British goods moving to Northern Ireland under some EU rules, created a border inside the UK.  READ MORE: Woman, 25, who spat at police during Kill the Bill protest jailed Mr Farage continued writing: “I know that Boris Johnson’s administration is battling problems on many fronts and that his parliamentary party is hopelessly split. “But following the Tories’ resounding electoral victory in December 2019, Johnson’s MPs would be wise to remember the message that kept them in power: Get Brexit Done. “I say this because frustrated members of the electorate keep asking why, two-and-a-half years after Johnson’s victory, Brexit has not been completed. “Unless these people start to see some tangible benefits to their country and to their lives, lots of them will simply stay at home at the next election.  DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry’s plot blown openM&S boss warns Oxford Street risks becoming ‘dinosaur district’ Royal expert slams Kate and Diana style comparison “This is very true of voters in Red Wall seats, and abstention en masse (like we saw last week) would surely cost the Conservatives dear.” Speaking to reporters on a trip to Rwanda, the Prime Minister had said: "This is something that I didn't want to do. “I wanted the protocol to work. I, after all, agreed the thing. “When I read it, I looked at it with the eyes of optimism. “And I thought that there was enough stuff in it if you read it carefully, there's enough language in it about east-west trade and the UK internal market, to make you think that the EU could make it operate in a way that wasn't burdensome for businesses trying to do businesses east-west between Great Britain and Northern Ireland.” 