Joe Biden has been caught struggling to board Air Force One as once again the US President came unstuck on the aircraft steps. The slight trip happened as Mr Biden visited California to sit down with State Governor Gavin Newsom, he also appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live! for his first in-person appearance on a late-night talk show since taking office. The 78-year-old appeared to take a brief stumble as he struggled to climb the red-carpeted staircase up to the plane. He managed to recover and holding onto the railings, avoided a repeated fall. In March 2021, the US President suffered a similar incident while boarding Air Force One for a flight to Atlanta. The previous accident saw Mr Biden appear to fall not once but twice in footage that was later widely shared online. Having touched in California, President Biden discussed the recent incidents of gun violence in the US as he appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live! It comes after a spate of mass shootings across the nation including in Buffalo, New York, Tulsa, Oklahoma, and Uvalde, Texas, which left 19 school children dead. Asked by Kimmel why he had not issued an executive order to help stop such tragedies occurring, Mr Biden said he did not want to "emulate (Donald) Trump's abuse of the Constitution". "I have issued executive orders, within the power of the presidency, to be able to deal with these, everything having to do with guns, gun ownership, all the things within my power," he said.  "But what I don't want to do, and I'm not being facetious, is emulate Trump's abuse of the constitution and constitutional authority." He continued: "I often get asked, 'look, the Republicans don't play it square, why do you play it square?' "Well, guess what? If we do the same thing they do, our democracy would literally be in jeopardy. "It's not a joke." DON'T MISS: 'Cold, callous, calculated siege' EU's VDL savages Putin’s famine [REPORT]Brexit: UK set to turn back on hated EU deal [REPORT]EU revolts against VDL's plan to tax 'poorest' Europeans [REPORT] The president's last in person appearance on a late night show was also on Kimmel in September 2019, during his election campaign for the democratic presidential primary. In December 2021 he appeared as a guest on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, but gave the interview virtually. It comes after Matthew McConaughey made emotional opening remarks at the top of a White House press briefing. The actor called on Congress to "reach a higher ground" and pass gun control legislation in honour of those killed during the incident in Uvalde, his home town. 