Marcus Rashford has been blasted for his sense of "entitlement" with Manchester United icon Paul Parker questioning his future at Old Trafford. The attacker endured a dreadful campaign for the Red Devils, scoring just five goals in all competitions. He will hope that he can rediscover his form under new United boss Erik ten Hag. But Parker, who won two Premier League titles with the Red Devils, has questioned if that will be possible, given the attacker's current mindset. “Marcus Rashford has to understand that he’s got to understand that he’s got to get out of his system of entitlement. He’s entitled to nothing, you have to work hard to get anything in life. And then once you get that, you have to keep working hard, even harder to stay in that position," he told BonusCodeBets. “Because it is hard to get to the top, top of the league, and it's even harder to stay at the top of the league, and Marcus Rashford has to realise and he’s got to prove a point. Being a local boy doesn’t guarantee you are going to play regularly for your local team. READ MORE: Man Utd post lengthy send-off for Paul Pogba as exit confirmed "He’s got to put everything away in the cupboard, and the only thing that should be in his mindset is football. And once he does that, it gives him a good platform to start again. But, I think he has to realise that he’s not gonna play, he’s not gonna be involved in the England squad.” It is not only a club level where Parker believes Rashford needs to show vast improvement. The former England international also insisted that it is hard to see how the attacker can recover his place in Gareth Southgate's Three Lions team, having been absent from successive squads. “For those two (Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho) to get back in, they’ve got to work miracles. Work miracles from August onwards, from the first game, that is if they get into the team They’ve got to work miracles to be honest, because Jarrod Bowen had a fantastic season and he would’ve been in England earlier if he didn’t get an injury," Parker added. DON'T MISS: Man Utd transfer target Arnaut Danjuma confirms Liverpool interest (TRANSFERS)Man Utd ‘want two targets to have swift medicals’ as Ten Hag eyes raid (NEWS)Man Utd squad buzzing about Ten Hag as Chelsea and Tottenham warned (INSIGHT) "So, they’ve got to get past him. You think of the work they’ve got to do to get past him, and the assists he makes and the opportunities he’s made and the goals he’s scored in the wide area. Those two will be nowhere near him. Gareth Southgate has got to make his choices a lot earlier, and he’s got to put faith in people, from day one and it’s starting now." "At the moment, he definitely can’t put any faith in Marcus Rashford, because there has not been any consistency at all. There hasn’t been any flashes, there’s only been glimpses. It’s not enough for the club football, let alone international."