As the nation honours its 96-year-old Queen for her 70 years on the throne, Express.co.uk met royal fans during the Jubilee celebrations yesterday (June 2) and asked what they think of her son, Prince Andrew. The Queen’s son missed the National Thanksgiving Service today (June 3) in honour of the Queen at St Paul’s Cathedral, as he tested positive for Covid-19 with a statement from Buckingham Palace reading: “After undertaking a routine test the duke has tested positive for Covid and with regret will no longer be attending tomorrow’s service.” Most people ceased to smile and were startled with frustration when they were asked to express their opinion about the Duke. Sam, 43, who is a business analyst, was sat in a park in central London with her lovely Corgy named Daisy. She told Express.co.uk: “Prince Andrew has a right to be here, but he shouldn’t be part of the official celebration, out of respect for the Queen.” Kelly, a 31-year-old woman working in digital marketing, was enjoying the sunny bank holiday with her friends on Thursday, the first day of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. She became furious when she was asked about Andrew: “It’s an abomination that he’s been shielded by what’s happening! It’s shameful!” David, 51, who is an electrician from Kent, said that he hoped Prince Andrew doesn’t appear at all in the celebrations. Pointing at the nibbles that he was snacking on with his family, he joked and said: “It’s just that we’ve been running out of sausage rolls and I’m not sure where he is…” And Heather, 45, who works as a jewellery valuer for Garrard, said she had a “mixed opinion” about the Prince. She said: “I am a big forgiver but I think he’s made some mistakes in life”. Prince Andrew didn’t appear on the balcony of Buckingham Palace, where the Queen and other senior royals including his brothers, Prince Charles and Prince Edward, greeted the crowds. Buckingham Palace issued a statement ahead of the Jubilee explaining only “Her Majesty and members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen” will be on the balcony. The Duke of York, 62, was accused of child sexual abuse by Virginia Giuffre, who alleges that as a minor she was sex trafficked to him by his friend and convicted sex offender, Jeffrey Epstein. The lawsuit was settled out of court in February, but it cost Andrew his prestigious reputation as a senior royal. The Queen’s third child and second son was forced to quit his royal duties and he was stripped of his honorary military titles, although he kept his dukedom and some other titles.