Sue Nicholls first made an appearance on the cobbles in 1979, when she was introduced as the mum of Gail Platt (played Helen Worth), Audrey Roberts. She popped up intermittently for six years before finally being cast as a series regular in Coronation Street. Lately, though, Audrey's family has grown concerned for her welfare as Gail suspects that her mother has a drinking problem. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Coronation Street. Audrey has been known to enjoy a tipple or two at the Rovers Return alongside her fellow neighbours over the years. But in recent months, her drinking has quietly become more excessive with Gail discovering a plethora of wine bottles in the bins, almost none of which she recognised. Whenever Audrey is seen, she either has a glass in hand or talking about wanting a drink, leading Gail to think that she is in need of some help. This hasn't been the only issue with the head of the Platt family as she underwent minor surgery last week. READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint In September last year, Audrey accidentally rammed into Rita Sullivan's (Barbara Knox) car, following a bust-up over the latter going to Claudia Colby (Rula Lenska) to have her hair dyed. It was shortly discovered that Audrey was having problems with her eyes which turned out to be cataracts. Reluctantly, she agreed to the procedure and is now on the mend living under David Platt's (Jack P. Shepherd) roof along with the rest of the family. But will they be able to handle Audrey's drink problem before it gets too out of hand?    Actress Sue Nicholls was born on November 23, 1943, which means the Audrey Roberts star is now 78-years-old. She was the daughter of Sir Harma Nicholls, the former Conservative MP for Peterborough from 1950 to 1974. He then went on to become the MEP for Greater Manchester South for years, leaving his post in 1994. Nicholls may portray the mum of Gail in Coronation Street, but the age difference between the two is very little. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star details moment he decided to quit acting  [CAST]Coronation Street welcomes Jodie Prenger as 'sassy' barmaid [SPOILER]McDonald and Dodds fans left distracted by Corrie star after blunder [REACTION]    Actress Helen Worth is 71-years-old, so despite their onscreen mother-daughter relationship, there is just a seven-year age gap between the actresses. Back in 2018, Audrey mentioned in one scene how old their characters are meant to be. She said: “Gail, the thing is you are 60 and I am 78 and this is the last chance I’d get to get a bit of happiness." So today, Gail is 64 while her mum Audrey is aged 82, with an 18-year age gap between them. There will be even more drama on the horizon for Audrey in this week's lot of Coronation Street. Her long-lost son Stephen Reid (Todd Boyce) will be returning to the street out of the blue to reconnect with his mum just as she collapses. However, can Stephen be trusted or has he got an ulterior motive? Coronation Street is available to watch on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.