Tottenham duo Harry Winks and Giovani Lo Celso have been linked with moves to Sevilla and Villarreal respectively in a major shakeup under Antonio Conte. With Tanguy Ndombele's future up in the air, the Italian will be concerned as to how his team is light in the midfield region and will seek reinforcements as a result. Express Sport takes a look at four potential targets to help them in the Champions League. James Ward-Prowse Ward-Prowse's stock continues to rise with his performances for Southampton and England call-ups turning heads. The Portsmouth-born star, who turns 28 in November, may never get the chance to play in the Champions League again if he doesn't move this summer. Having scored 11 goals this season - his first double figures in one season in all competitions - Ward-Prowse will perhaps look to to prove his worth on the continental scene. Whether that is for Tottenham is unknown - but his set pieces alone could prove beneficial alongside Harry Kane and Son Heung-min's attacking prowess. Christian Eriksen A romantic return to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium could be on the cards for Eriksen. Having spent seven fruitful years at the club, scoring 69 goals in the process, fans adore the Dane despite his departure for Inter Milan in 2020. Doubts were raised over whether Eriksen would perform for Brentford after he signed for the Bees in January, but he has ended up as arguably the signing of the season. And with his former side back in the Champions League - whilst also being managed by his former Inter boss Conte - all of the signs point to a possible return to north London. Youri Tielemans Tielemans has long been linked with a move to Tottenham's arch-rivals Arsenal, although that could change due to their Champions League status. The Belgian has enjoyed three-and-a-half years at the King Power Stadium, although the club have yet to play in Europe's elite competition during that time. With just one year left on his contract, he may see it as a huge opportunity whilst also remaining in the same country. And with Spurs generally lacking a creative midfielder, he would be one of their focal points if he was to make the switch for a cut-price fee. Nicolo Barella Barella enjoyed a fruitful spell under Conte as Inter Milan won the Serie A the season before last, and his excellence in midfield could be sought after by the Italian. His energetic approach and ability to drive through the lines would work extremely well next to Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg and Rodrigo Bentancur. An all-rounder, Barella would mark a serious upgrade on Winks and Lo Celso if he was to join. And having won the Euro 2020 tournament in their win in the final over England, he knows how to beat the country's best in high-pressure situations.