Andy Ruiz Jr is in the shape of his life as he prepares for Luis Ortiz later this year. The pair are set to square off on September 4 as Ruiz Jr looks to claw his way back into the world title picture. Ruiz Jr last fought in May 2021, returning after one and a half years out of the ring to beat Chris Arreola. The 32-year-old picked up the WBA ‘super’, IBF, and WBO heavyweight titles when he shocked the world by stopping Anthony Joshua in 2019. Before dropping the titles in his rematch with the Brit later that year. Coming into the fight, Ruiz Jr, known for carrying a few extra pounds around the midriff, looked in terrible shape as he stepped on the scales at a career heaviest weight of 283lbs -- nearly 20lbs heavier than he was for the first fight. In his post-fight interview, the Mexican American admitted that he hadn't trained hard enough for the fight, stating: "I should have taken this fight more seriously. Three months of partying and celebrating affected me." Clearly, this is a mistake Ruiz Jr intends to never make again as a recent training video shows the former world champion looking extremely trim. The video shared by ESPN Ringside shows a visibly leaner ‘Destroyer’ being put through his paces in a gruelling workout with the caption: “Andy Ruiz is getting ready for his PPV fight against Luis Ortiz in Sept.” In a recent interview, a seemingly highly motivated Ruiz Jr told Boxing Scene that he will be at his best on fight night. “I’m so excited to get back in the ring in front of all of my fans in Los Angeles on September 4,” he said. “This is my chance to prove to everyone that I’m going to be heavyweight champion of the world again. I’m super motivated to be facing a great fighter like Luis Ortiz, so my fans can expect to see me at my best. Everyone has wanted to see this fight and we’re going to give everyone a war on fight night.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Wilder being targeted for blockbuster showdown with Parker Khan made mouthwatering offer for blockbuster Pacquiao fight Anthony Joshua captured sharing classy message with Oleksandr Usyk In his last fight, Ortiz kicked off the year with a win over Charles Martin. The 43-year-old Cuban southpaw was down twice early but managed to come back and stop Martin in the sixth round. The fight between Ruiz Jr and Ortiz will take place at the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles and will be broadcasted live on FOX PPV.