Rafael Nadal’s former coach and uncle Toni has claimed that he believes the French Open champion will be at Wimbledon despite his chronic foot injury. Days after the world No 5 won a record-extending 22nd Major, he underwent a new radiofrequency procedure to try and dull the pain in his foot and confirmed he would only be at the All England Club if the treatment was successful. Nadal won his 14th French Open and 22nd overall Major crown on Sunday and later admitted he had been playing with anaesthesia injections to numb the pain in the nerve of his foot. The 36-year-old said he would not use the same method again and would instead use radiofrequency to try and recreate the same effect, stating he would only compete at Wimbledon if the new treatment was successful. The Spaniard has already undergone the procedure and returned home to Mallorca and is set to return to practice if he does not feel pain in three to four days, with a second treatment for next week a possible back-up option. But his uncle Toni has now admitted that he “trusts” the procedure will work and allow his nephew to be back at Wimbledon for the first time in three years. “I see Wimbledon very close because it starts in two weeks. Let’s see if my nephew is there or not,” he said, per Eurosport Spain. “I trust that yes, I trust that the treatment goes well and my nephew will make an effort again.” JUST IN: Raducanu shares unusual treatment in huge push to be fit for Wimbledon  Toni - who now coaches world No 9 Felix Auger-Aliassime - also claimed that the world No 5 should “take advantage” of his good momentum following his win in Paris. And Nadal’s uncle admitted he was still blown away by the 36-year-old’s efforts despite suffering with Mueller-Weiss syndrome since he was 19. "When I see that he has to overcome many difficulties and is still there despite having won many things and having been very successful, continue. Since 2005 he has been playing with a lot of pain to the point of sometimes being unable to finish a training session.” DON'T MISSAndy Murray explains why he expects to improve at Wimbledon in warningZverev's brother gives fresh injury update with Wimbledon in doubtFederer set to get Alcaraz wish as Spaniard outlines his intentions Speaking after his record-extending victory in Paris on Sunday, Nadal said: “If you ask me if I will be in Wimbledon I can’t give you a clear answer. If I want to win Wimbledon? Of course. So let’s see how the treatment works. "Wimbledon has always been a priority. If it works with the new treatment yes [I will play]. If not, no, I won't do anaesthetics again, it's not my philosophy of life." 