 The Government announced the new Private Parking Code of Practice was to be temporarily withdrawn. The RAC said the law would have “ended some of the worst practices” in the private parking sector and protect drivers.  The Code was initially announced in February and planned to cap private parking fines to £50 - down from £100. Fines up to £100 would only remain for those who parked in Blue Badge bays without a badge. Any fine paid within two weeks of being issues would get a 50 percent discount. It would have also created a fairer appeal system, providing a grace period for lateness in paying any fine. READ MORE: Motorists advised to use fuel-saving trick when at the petrol station  Under the initial announcement, private car park operators who went against these rules would be barred from collecting any fines from motorists. But now, the Government has withdrawn the implementation pending review of the levels of private parking charges and additional fees. Reacting to the news, Nicholas Lyes, RAC head of roads policy, commented on the decision to scrap the laws, calling it disappointing. He said: “The new private parking code of practice was designed specifically to make things fairer for drivers and end some of the worst practices in the sector. DON'T MISSNew 2022 Range Rover Sport unveiled [FIRST LOOK]Incredible array of supercars make their debut at Goodwood [PICTURES]Drivers to be fined £160 from today for straying into cycle lanes [WARNING]  “It’s deeply disappointing that the code has been temporarily withdrawn which now almost certainly means yet more delays in it being introduced. “Drivers have a right to feel infuriated. “The fact that parking companies take issue with the capping of charge notices and debt recovery fees shows precisely why both the code and the cap are needed. “For too long, some companies have been allowed to prey mercilessly on drivers who might make an honest mistake and then have to face both over-zealous enforcement and threatening debt recovery letters.  “The Government must stand up to these companies and get the code over the line so we finally have fair and transparent enforcement in the private parking sector.” The RAC had called on the Government to act after being contacted by drivers who felt the actions by parking companies were entirely unreasonable. Following the initial announcement, the motoring organisation welcomed the launch of the code after years of campaigning. According to the Government, private firms issue roughly 22,000 parking tickets every day.  Minister for Levelling Up Neil O'Brien said this was done through “misleading and confusing signage”. He added that the new Code would “set out a clear vision with the interests of safe motorists at its heart”. At the time, the British Parking Association believed this could result in the loss of around 3,000 jobs.