The Good Morning Britain team discussed reports politicians had sent letters complaining about the "disappointing" food and drink served in the Lords. Broadcaster Kate Garraway questioned whether the food should continue to be tax-payer-subsided and couldn't help but ask for Dominic Raab's opinion, who was there for an interview. The host was quickly shut down as Raab could be seen shaking his head in anger at the question.  "Do you support the idea of subsidising meals for MPs, members of the House of Lords and those who dine at Westminster?" Garraway asked. "I don't know the specific facts of that, and a lot of those issues are for house authorities,"  the deputy Prime Minister replied. "But I think we're there to do a job, I think we need to be very careful and of course, the reputation of politicians of all sorts, whether it's MPs or Lords is very fragile to say the very least." He continued: "And I know that there's a huge amount of great, important valuable work done that the vast majority of MPs who aren't anywhere near the media limelight get on with that. READ MORE: Jane McDonald sparks frenzy with 'exciting' career announcement "But I think we need to be very careful to protect the reputation, and with stuff like that and particularly complaints-" Garraway cut in to ask the justice secretary: "You've never complained about the wine, have you?" Looking appalled, Raab pulled a face and answered: "No, of course not!" Laughing, Garraway replied: "There you go, so that's not your position." "Okay," Raab responded, looking baffled. It comes as the House of Lords submitted complaints about the quality of food they receive. Among the complaints, several mentioned how there was "too much" salmon and the wine was of poor quality. Moving on from the conversation, Garraway turned to the resignation of Lord Geidt. She asked: "Have you asked why a second ethics adviser has resigned and what answer did you get?" DON'T MISS... GMB row erupts as Adil Ray argues with guest over refugee treatment [LATEST]The Handmaid’s Tale boss admits it’s ‘draining’ working on series [INTERVIEW]Bargain Hunt’s Danny Sebastian laments ‘lonely, tiresome' job [VIDEO] "Well, my understanding from the statement and the statements number 10 have put out is that Lord Geidt had been engaged as recently as this week on an extension of six months, so I’m surprised that he resigned," the MP admitted. "But I don’t know the full facts. I know he had a pretty bruising encounter with MPs during the week and I also know he was asked to advise on getting on with the job of the particularly commercially sensitive matter in the national interest and I don’t know what combination of these reasons or others precipitated his departure. "I'm told we'll have a further update from number 10 and I suspect that will shed further light on the subject." Garraway replied: "Doesn’t feel good though, does it?" and Raab said: "Look, I don’t know, because I don’t know the answer and I don’t want to speculate, but we’re obviously... it’s an important role and a successor will be found as soon as we can." Co-host Adil Ray repeated the resignation "doesn't look good". Raab went on: "It’s difficult for me to comment because we don’t know the grounds and as I mentioned before, Lord Geidt - and I want to be very respectful because I don’t know the precise grounds - had been talking about extending his contract for six months, so I know you’re trying to say this was all about Party Gate - I don’t know if that’s true… there was a further matter he was asked to advise on and I don’t know if it was in relation to that. "I can’t tell you more because it’s commercially sensitive. I think the fair, judicious thing for me to do is allow number 10 to provide you with a further update later on today." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.