Many people add a fan to their room at night, but this doesn’t lower the temperature, it only distributes the air that is already in the space. The best way to create cooler air is by placing ice cubes in front of the fan as it cools down the air while passing over the ice. Another useful trick is placing a cold water bottle under the covers. They explained: "Slipping a hot water bottle under the covers on winter nights can feel like a luxury, but doing the same for hot nights with cold water has a similar effect. READ MORE: How Meghan Markle showed ‘the world she was nervous’ "Before you jump into bed in the evening, slide a couple of hot water bottles filled with ice cold water under your sheets to help cool down bedding." The experts at BestHeating also recommended "using a timer with appliances" in the house. Put appliances and air conditioning units on timed sockets or use an app that allows to remotely control them. "Appliances such as ovens, microwaves and light bulbs can give off unnecessary heat so make sure to only use them when necessary," they explained.  Jessica Steele, heating technology expert at BestHeating, added: “Try using a thermostat with a built-in timer if you have an air conditioning unit. "This will work similar to a heating thermostat, in that you can choose the most effective hours to be cooling your house.” Another hack to combat the heat is to soak a flannel and place it into the freezer folded in half for a few hours. From BestHeating, they explained: "When relaxing in the evening, rest the flannel on your forehead, feet, or other pressure points such as ankles, neck and wrists that can heat up easily. "This will provide instant relief and help your body to unwind." Although it is tempting to open every window during hot spells, people should keep them closed or with blinds over during peak hours. Once the sun has set and the temperature has eased, open again and let air flow through the home. Finally, cold showers can also be very effective to cool down during the warm summer months. A cold shower in the morning has numerous benefits including shinier hair, better skin, making you more alert, cooling down and even saving on energy bills. Jessica Steele commented: “We all love when sunny summer days arrive, but many of us struggle with long restless nights. "It is important to cool your body as well as the house down. "Just a few careful pieces of preparation can make the evening feel more relaxing, allowing for plenty of good quality sleep.”