Boris Johnson’s fate as Prime Minister will be determined on Monday night as he faces a vote of confidence in his leadership, off the back of the incriminating Sue Gray partygate report. Amongst the flurry of MPs stepping forward to denounce the Prime Minister’s actions, Jeremy Hunt has been particularly vocal today; urging fellow MPs to stand with him in voting for Mr Johnson to go. On the no-confidence vote due to take place tonight, the chair of Health and Social Care Committee and bookie’s current favourite to take over leadership Jeremy Hunt, tweeted: “The Conservative party must now decide if it wishes to change its leader. Because of the situation in Ukraine, this was not a debate I wanted to have now but under our rules we must do that." He went on: “Having been trusted with power, Conservative MPs know in our hearts we are not giving the British people the leadership they deserve. “We are not offering the integrity, competence and vision necessary to unleash the enormous potential of our country. “And because we are no longer trusted by the electorate, who know this too, we are set to lose the next general election.  READ MORE: Boris Johnson 'pledges to slash taxes' if Tory MPs keep him in No.10  “Anyone who believes our country is stronger, fairer and more prosperous when led by Conservatives should reflect that the consequence of not changing will be to hand the country to others who do not share those values. Today’s decision is change or lose. I will be voting for change.” But what else has the former health secretary voted for? Here’s an overview of Mr Hunt’s voting record. Mr Hunt generally supported the UK remaining a member of the European Union during the referendum in 2016. After the result, Mr Hunt initially suggested a second referendum on the terms of an exit deal, with him backing one in which the UK would remain part of the Single Market. Although he later changed his mind, as in 2017, Mr Hunt stated he supported Brexit after citing the “arrogance of the EU Commission” in responding to Brexit negotiations.  According to They Work For You, Mr Hunt almost always voted for stronger enforcement of immigration rules with six votes for and three absences between 2015 and 2020, and generally voted for stricter rules on the asylum system. Mr Hunt generally voted for mass surveillance of people’s communications and activities, and has almost always voted for requiring the mass retention of information about communications, with six votes for and one against between 2009 and 2016. Mr Hunt was the longest-serving health secretary in NHS history after his appointment in 2012. However, during his tenure, the NHS had the slowest period of investment in the NHS foundation as demands within the service grew. DON'T MISS: Boris Johnson backed to win vote and keep job - Express poll [POLL] Next Prime Minister odds: The 4 top candidates to replace Boris [ANALYSIS]Tory leadership hopeful Mordaunt breaks silence [INSIGHT]     He was also criticised for his handling of the junior doctor’s row dispute in 2016, after arguing that contract changes were essential to delivering a seven-day NHS in England by 2020. This led doctors to undertake a series of strikes and for the first time in NHS history, emergency care wasn’t covered over two days. Mr Hunt has almost always voted for equal gay rights, as well as allowing marriage between two people of the same sex. However, Mr Hunt had also generally voted against laws to promote equality and human rights, of which he’s voted five times, and was absent 12 times. Between 2010 to 2016, Mr Hunt generally voted for reducing the rate of corporation tax, and voted more times against introducing measures to reduce tax avoidance.  Mr Hunt had almost always voted against slowing the rise in rail fares; he generally voted for increasing the rate of VAT, as well as higher taxes on plane tickets. Between 2010 and 2018, Mr Hunt consistently voted for a reduction in spending on welfare benefits, as well as a reduction in housing benefits for social tenants deemed to have excess bedrooms. Mr Hunt consistently voted against paying higher benefits over longer periods for those unable to work due to illness or disability. He also consistently voted against raising welfare benefits in line with prices. He generally voted against spending public money to create guaranteed jobs for young people who have spent a long time unemployed, when votes were held in parliament for this cause between 2011 and 2014.  Between 2005 and 2020, Mr Hunt generally voted against measures to prevent climate change. However, he has voted for financial incentives for low carbon emission electricity generation methods, as well as greater regulation of fracking. Between 2010 and 2017, Mr Hunt consistently voted for tuition fees, as well as raising England’s undergraduate tuition fee cap to £9,000 per year. Some of this information has been gathered from database They Work For You. You can read the full record here. 