With the cost of living increasing, it's easy to see how some consumers might be tempted to cancel their expensive TV contracts and switch to illegal streaming platforms that often offer premium channels for free. After all, streaming paid-for channels for free sounds like one of the best Sky TV deals you could possibly dream of! It's thought that millions of homes are now accessing content in this way ...but be aware, it's not without some very serious risks. One UK resident has just fallen foul of the law with Police Scotland confirming that they have recently made an arrest following an operation to tackle illegal television streaming. A 49-year-old man was arrested and charged with offences under the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 with a report now submitted to the Procurator Fiscal. Speaking about the arrest Detective Inspector Andy MacLean said: “This operation is an excellent example of how partnership working can tackle criminals conducting intellectual property crime. This type of crime is taken seriously and one man has been arrested today. Together with our partners, we’re determined to crack down on those who are involved in defrauding the television, film and sport industry, and bring them to justice.” Sky TV is also backing this campaign to stop people from accessing shows, movies and sports without paying. The satellite firm, which offers users access to its content via its contract-free streaming service NOW (formerly NOW TV), Sky Q, and all-new Sky Glass TV, has warned all UK residents that there are "very real risks" involved for those who try and stream for free. “We supported Police Scotland in taking this action, which not only blocks access to a prolific source of stolen Sky content, but ultimately helps keep consumers safe from the very real risks of accessing content in this way, " said Matt Hibbert, Sky’s Director of Anti-Piracy, UK & Ireland. This latest arrest appears to have targeted people who are distributing illegal content rather than those simply watching it but that doesn't mean streaming online is risk-free. According to the latest stats from Crimestoppers, over three million illegal streamers have faced hacking threats and around 2.5 million have been infected with viruses. Even more concerning is that around one million people have had money stolen as a result of watching illegal streams "Every time you access illegal content, whether it’s to watch your favourite films, sports or TV shows using a modified box or stick or via an unauthorised website, app, add-on or another illegal source, you are committing a crime," Crimestoppers explained in a post on its website. "You also risk being exposed to dangerous malware and/or the risk of fraud and data theft. This risk increases significantly when you exchange credit or debit card information to view content on unregulated and pirate-run websites."