Ally McCoist has admitted that Scotland were not good enough in their World Cup play-off defeat to Ukraine, who will face Wales in Cardiff in a one-off game to reach the World Cup in Qatar on Sunday. McCoist says Ukraine were “technically and tactically” superior to the Scots. In an emotional night for Ukraine, which began with a classy gesture by the Scottish FA as they put Ukraine flags on every seat at Hampden Park, saw the eastern European side win 3-1 as they booked their place in Cardiff. Andriy Yarmolenko scored the opening goal, his country’s first since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, as he did well to bring a long ball down and lob Scotland goalkeeper Craig Gordon. Roman Yaremchuk doubled Ukraine’s lead after half-time, and Callum McGregor did give the hosts hope by scoring with ten minutes remaining but as they pushed for an equaliser Ukraine broke and Artem Dovbyk scored to ensure Ukraine kept their World Cup dream alive. On a night where Ukraine showed their quality, McCoist admitted: “Technically and tactically they were too good for us.” The Rangers legend added to talkSPORT: “They were clever in their movement, the two boys dropped off. The boy on the left [Viktor] Tsyhankov and Yarmolenko on the right dropped off and they created numbers in the middle of the park. “First thing you have got to say is that we were beaten by a far better team, who dominated the ball and dominated possession. “So we didn’t have enough possession of the ball and again we didn’t do enough without the ball, to get the ball back in terms of being aggressive in their pursuit of closing down and getting the ball back. “Just as importantly is that we have got a far better standard in quality of player now, we have seen it, we have guys that are comfortable on the ball and can pass the ball, can defend, can attack but generally speaking none of them played to anything like their potential. “We were giving the ball away in areas which we wouldn’t do before, Billy [Gilmour] is comfortable on the ball, [Callum] McGregor can pass the ball, [Ryan] Christie can pass the ball, John McGinn can pass the ball but A: We didn’t have it enough and B: When we did have it, we just weren’t good enough.” Scotland’s 24-year wait to reach a men’s World Cup finals continued after their defeat to Ukraine, as manager Steve Clarke said: "I'm suffering, my coaching staff are suffering, and more than anyone, the players are suffering. We'll have 24 hours where we'll feel sorry for ourselves. We'll analyse the game as a coaching staff and group of players. We'll try and get back on the horse and go again."