Former Strictly Come Dancing star Aljaz Skorjanec, 32, and his wife Janette Manrara, 38, headed on a break today. The professional dancer shared how the couple was stuck in standstill traffic as the pair travelled to the coast on Britain's hottest day of the year. Taking to his Instagram stories, the performer shared a photo of cars lined up in traffic on the motorway. In view of his 544,000 followers, he captioned the photo: "The speed limit is 70. Love the traffic." In another snap, Aljaz could be seen wearing his sunglasses as he bopped his head to the music. The caption read: "Traffic jamming @jmanara." READ MORE: Noel Gallagher slams 'f***ing royalists' getting day off work The couple finally made it to their destination as Aljaz explained the pair were stuck on the motorway for four hours. He wrote: "It was supposed to be a two-hour drive it turned into four... but all good we arrived to this." The dancer accompanied the post with an image of oysters. Janette also took to her Instagram account and shared videos of the couple basking in the sunshine while at the beach.   The Morning Live presenter stunned in a pinstripe bikini which she teamed with large sunglasses. She captioned the post: "Beach Day in the UK @aljazskorjanec." Elsewhere, the Strictly duo attended the British Soap Awards last weekend. The two were on the podium presenting the award for Best Drama when Janette's elegant red dress was unexpectedly mocked by her beau. DON'T MISS... Tyler Sanders dead: 911 Lone Star actor dies aged 18[LATEST]Noel Gallagher slams 'f***ing royalists' getting day off work[ROYALS]Amanda Holden sets pulses racing as she goes braless and flashes legs[PICTURES] They walked onto the stage as Aljaz began to address the crowd of celebrities and fans. He said: “Good evening everyone! “I was really hoping for the awards to get to the podium. “But this dress only allows for a…”, Aljaz quipped before trailing off, but clearly making a joke at Janette’s expense. The presenter’s face turned sour as the audience began to crack up while Aljaz smirked cheekily. Janette then announced sternly: “Speaking of drama... “The nominations for best dramatic performance are…” The couple exuded elegance on Saturday evening as they arrived together at Hackney Empire, London.  