Demi Jones has opened up about dealing her step-dad's terminal cancer diagnosis, after she was declared cancer free in December last year. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the Love Island star, 23, spoke candidly about her battle with thyroid cancer, as well as how she coped watching a loved one battle the illness. When asked how she was coping with her step-dad's diagnosis following her all-clear, Demi admitted that she found it "really difficult" to deal with. She said: "It's very bittersweet because as much as I was so happy [to get a cancer free diagnosis], and they were so happy for me, I'm still dealing with this at home. "And as a man, he doesn't really speak about how he's feeling as much. "So sometimes I genuinely forget and go about our day to day lives" she explained. READ MORE: Gwyneth Paltrow reunites with ex Chris Martin at daughter's graduation Demi went on: "He does life as normal. "And then suddenly I'm reminded, 'Oh, my God, we're literally still going through this.' "So yeah, it's definitely really difficult. "But we just have to be there as a family really to support each other as much as we can," she added. Last December, Demi announced the news that she was cancer free after being diagnosed with thyroid cancer in May. "I’M CANCER FREE!!!! I did it!" Demi captioned her image on Instagram. "I got my full body scan results back and there’s not a single cancer cell left in my body." The relieved star added: "It’s been such a difficult year mentally and physically for me with my surgeries and treatment but I’m beyond grateful for everyone’s kindness and support over this past year. DON'T MISS... Donny Osmond warned ‘don’t come back’ after breaking on-stage rule [INSIGHT]Tom Hanks, 65, sparks concern amongst fans with 'very thin' frame [ANALYSIS]Jane Seymour, 71, showcases curves in figure-hugging red swimsuit [UPDATE] "I will continue to be an advocate for cancer awareness and all my love and strength goes out to those who continue to fight this awful disease. "Here’s to a healthy and happy 2022," she ended her post. Elsewhere in the interview, Demi told how she's putting herself first after a challenging year. Demi said: "I think for me it is definitely over the next couple of months I'm trying to regain some self love. (sic) "I think I've lost so much confidence. "It's like I've gained confidence in such that I feel like I'm a stronger person. "But in terms of my appearance and how I feel about myself, I think I've really lost a lot of confidence," she added. The Love Island star continued: "So over the next couple of months, I just want to focus on myself and feel good about myself and just have that self love again."