As the Queen nears the age of one hundred the much-beloved Monarch is believed to have set in motion plans to prepare the UK for Prince Charles's takeover of the throne. Royal correspondent Richard Palmer told host Pandora Forsyth on the Daily Express' Royal Round-Up that the Platinum Jubilee celebrations were in a sense the "start of a long goodbye." Mr Palmer said: "I think this, one or two people have said this, I'm going to steal the phrase, I think this is the start of a long goodbye. "It's inevitable that she will be less and less as she approaches 100. "How many more times when we see her on the Buckingham Palace balcony we just don't know obviously, but it's clear that she is going to hand over more and more responsibilities to her son and heir Prince Charles and in turn to the Duke of Cambridge. "They are taking over more and more responsibilities and what was interesting was the message from this final balcony appearance because it was about a slimmed-down monarchy again and this is the future of the monarchy." It comes with the Queen reportedly not due to attend the upcoming Commonwealth Games in Birmingham, with the monarching being replaced by the Prince of Wales. There are 49 days to go until the 2022 Games open in the city and other West Midlands venues on July 28, running until August 8. The Daily Mail reported the Queen will not attend the Games and Charles will appear in her stead at the opening ceremony. Other members of the royal family are expected to also attend sporting events throughout the tournament, the paper added.  After the decision to strip Durban as host city, Birmingham had only a four-and-a-half-year cycle to prepare for the multi-sport showpiece event rather than the usual seven. The Queen, who is also head of the Commonwealth, reached her Platinum Jubilee in February, becoming the first British sovereign to mark 70 years on the throne. The 96-year-old monarch was absent for much of last weekend's Jubilee celebrations, appearing in person for just over 27 minutes throughout the various days. Meanwhile, the Prince of Wales has marked 70 years of holding the title Duke of Cornwall by visiting the county's annual agricultural show. DON'T MISS'Uneasy' Prince Harry told to put on 'happy face' like Meghan [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 'won't even be newsworthy' in a couple [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry's permanent UK return questioned after behaviour [VIDEO]   The prince, accompanied by his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, toured the Royal Cornwall Show on Friday, and saw dozens of local businesses exhibiting their wares. On arrival, the royal couple were presented with a harvest jug created by St Ives-based potter Adrian Brough. The vessel, which was decorated with images of flowers and sheaves of wheat, is traditionally used in Cornwall to carry ale or cider at harvest time. Charles and Camilla battled through throngs of well-wishers to visit some of the artisan food producers in the main pavilion.