With rising fuel costs, insurance premium hikes and the eye-watering price of parking, the pleasure of driving doesn’t come cheap. But how much are Brits spending every year? Rivervale Leasing researched the average cost of insurance, fuel, parking, tolls, repairs, servicing and road tax in the 50 most populous areas of the UK. The data revealed that British drivers spend a huge £3,800 per year, on average – and that’s without buying the car itself. Perhaps unsurprisingly, the City of Westminster is the most expensive to drive in, costing £8.7k per year. It’s no surprise that the London borough is the most expensive place to drive in the UK at £8,722 per year – that’s £4,922 more than the average. A large chunk of this comes from the London Congestion Charge, costing £15 a day to drive through the capital’s busiest areas. READ MORE: Drivers warned they risk life in prison for bad driving habits But even without the Congestion Charge, the City of Westminster is still the most expensive place to drive in. It’s also the priciest place to park overall, costing a huge £3,684 each year. Liverpool follows as the second-most expensive city, costing drivers £5.5k each year. And Edinburgh takes third place thanks to costly parking. DON'T MISS 'This is an urgent situation': AA warn of 'pump fiction' as costs rise [WARNING] 'Important milestone’: Red Bull unveil RB17 - A new £5million hypercar [REVEAL] Elderly driver urges young motorists to be safe on the roads [ADVICE] Parking in Edinburgh city centre sets drivers back a massive £3,483 per year – higher than any other area, bar the City of Westminster. Outside that, however, the study found that Edinburgh’s insurance prices aren’t so high compared to other areas at £472, and there are no major tolls to pay. Meanwhile, Leicester was revealed as the most expensive city for insurance, setting car owners back £955. There are also mounting driving charges in the UK – from tolls to Clean Air Zones. Thanks to the London Congestion Charge, the City of Westminster is the most expensive area at a whopping £3,015 per year. Birmingham follows, thanks to the newer Clean Air Zone charge, totalling around £1,608 annually. For the study, insurance costs were calculated by collecting quotes using a profile of the average UK driver. The cheapest petrol prices were recorded and cost determined using the average UK mileage of 7,400 miles per year. Car parking costs were calculated using the average of the three cheapest spaces in the location’s centre according to JustPark. This was based on parking four days per week to account for those working from home, based on Office for National Statistics data. Tolls, congestion and Clean Air Zone costs are recorded by charges from that area were according to the RAC, driving four days per week to account for those working from home.