British TV presenter Kirstie Allsopp, 50, is best known for fronting property show Location, Location, Location. She has embarked on a successful weight loss journey over the years, and revealed her secrets to shedding the pounds. She had previously shared that she started to put on weight when she was in her early 40s. She soon realised that she was being "irresponsible", and decided to change her lifestyle for the better. As people get older it increases the chances of developing various health risks, including type 2 diabetes, high blood pressure and high cholesterol, according to the NHS. As she turned 50, Kirstie wanted to get ahead of her weight and made her goal to focus on her diet. She told Mail Online last year: “I decided that I was being irresponsible as a parent and a partner, and it had to go.” READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake She began eating three meals a day, adding: “I do not leave the house without having breakfast. “What is key is having five hours between meals and not having anything except water during those five hours.” Experts revealed that eating breakfast can activate the thermogenesis process and thus stimulate your metabolism. Studies have shown that eating a meal in the morning boosts your metabolism more than eating the same meal in the evening. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] It's also a good way for slimmers to add foods that are rich in nutrients to their diet. Some healthy breakfast foods that are featured in several successful weight loss diet plans include: Eggs Wheat Germ Bananas Yogurt Smoothies Berries Grapefruits Coffee Kirstie also reduced her carbohydrate intake and replaced them with vegetables in order to lose weight. She told The Sun: “For me, one of my things is that potatoes don’t suit me. “I don’t eat them anymore. And aubergines don’t agree with me. Wine doesn’t agree with me so now I drink vodka martinis. “I really eat more greens. I order two salads now. “I haven’t really been a pasta person for a while. It’s viewing vegetables as carbs. It’s always the beans, the broccoli – there’s no need for potatoes.” She also adopted a more active lifestyle, explaining: “On a working day, I get up at 6.15am and I’m straight into my exercise kit for a workout. “I run up hills and then walk down them. “At 7am I wake the kids.”