Strictly Come Dancing's Shirley Ballas appeared alongside television presenter Christopher Biggins for the ITV documentary series The Savoy on Wednesday evening. The programme showed the pair dining in the opulent London hotel, but Shirley shocked Christopher when she revealed she would jump at the chance to be on I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here! However, she had to explain career commitments are stopping her from appearing in the reality series. The ballroom star has been a judge on Strictly Come Dancing since 2017 when she replaced head judge Len Goodman. Shirley is set to return to the judging panel later this year for the milestone 20th series of the BBC One dancing competition. Ahead of the series airing,  The 61-year-old was part of an ITV programme about The Savoy where she enjoyed a five-star lunch with former King of the Jungle, Christoper. As they tucked into beef wellington Shirley told Christopher: "I would love to go on I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here!" READ MORE: NCIS’ Michael Weatherly announces new venture after Bull A stunned Christopher, who won the seventh series of the ITV series where celebrities are stripped of their luxuries and made to take part in gruelling Bushtucker Trials, replied: "You would? "Oh my God, you are bound to be asked." However, Shirley explained why she would not be able to sign up for the series, telling him: "I can't because Strictly Come Dancing is on at the same time, so it clashes." Christopher warned Shirley about how difficult the Australian show is and reminded her he had to eat a kangaroo's penis as part of a Bushtucker Trial.  An unfazed Shirley replied: "Testicles, penis, whatever, it's just meat. I've wanted to boil a few of them in my lifetime, I'll tell you that." Christopher burst into laughter at her remarks before they continued to enjoy their meal and move away from the subject. The Savoy returned for a second series on Wednesday and the episode which featured Shirley focused on the hotel reopening its doors in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic. In a fiercely competitive luxury hospitality market, the managing director decided it was time to refurbish the Royal Suite as well as a new Gordon Ramsay restaurant. DON'T MISS...Strictly's Nadiya flaunts figure while surrounded by hunky co-stars [PICTURES]Janette Manrara unimpressed with Aljaz as he mocks her dress [INSIGHT]Strictly star Karen Hauer’s stunning wedding dress unveiled [MUST SEE] The hotel's doorman got tearful welcoming old friends back to the hotel during the episode and had to take a moment away from the cameras to compose himself. Elsewhere in the episode, the hotel's chefs were "nervous" Gordon was inspecting their lobster dishes. Meanwhile, a manager said they would "do anything as long as it is legal" to look after a wedding party staying in the newly-refurbished £16,000 a night Royal Suite designed by Italian designer brand Gucci. The Savoy, which is one of Britain's most expensive hotels, has a star-studded history that spans more than 132 years.  Having lost tens of millions of pounds in revenue The Savoy has been battling to stay at the top of the London luxury hotel market. A spokesperson for the series said: "With exclusive behind-the-scenes access the series transports viewers both upstairs and downstairs, from guests and famous faces walking through the gilded revolving doors, to the army of staff catering to their every request. "This second series sees the return of Head Butler Sean who has been promoted to Guest Experience Manager and now oversees the doormen, the concierge and the porters, as well as the butlers." The Savoy airs on Wednesdays at 9pm on ITV. 