Gene Takovic, the final alter-ego of Jimmy McGill/Saul Goodman (played by Bob Odenkirk) was last seen in potentially a heap of trouble at the end of Better Call Saul’s fifth season. Now the acclaimed Breaking Bad prequel has returned to AMC and Netflix for season six, some viewers were left disappointed when Gene failed to make even a brief appearance in the first seven episodes. Co-creator and showrunner for Better Call Saul Peter Gould has explained why Jimmy’s alter-ego Gene has been noticeably missing from season six’s first seven episodes. This latest instalment has primarily been focused on Jimmy and Kim Wexler’s (Rhea Seehorn) schemes against rival lawyer Howard Hamlin (Patrick Fabian). Meanwhile, Lalo Salamanca (Tony Dalton) has been gathering intel on ruthless meth supplier Gus Fring (Giancarlo Esposito) after his attack on the cartel in the previous outing. However, the series frequently leaps ahead by several years to after the events of Breaking Bad, where Jimmy is hiding out as Gene, a fast-food manager. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Chas Dingle in heartbreaking baby adoption twist Peter has explained the series’ unconventional release schedule for its final season may have something to do with fans’ frustrations at the lack of flash-forwards in the series so far. “When we conceived of this season and when we outlined it, we didn’t know that there was going to be a break between the two halves,” he revealed. “That came about because of the way production worked and some other factors.” As the series wasn’t initially going to take a midseason break, Better Call Saul fans may have already gotten their first glimpse of Gene if season six had aired week-to-week as normal. Unfortunately, the final six episodes of Peter and Vince Gilligan’s crime saga won’t be released for just over a month’s time. Peter told Variety: “It really was not designed to be two separate halves. “So I wouldn’t expect the story to kind of take a long breath and then restart, necessarily.” Viewers’ last insight into Jimmy’s life as Gene revealed his house being torn apart, presumably after the events of Breaking Bad. DON'T MISS:The Boys season 3 theory: The Deep turns against Homelander [THEORY]Stranger Things creators admit ‘regret’ over major death [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom’s Sigtryggr star ‘shunned’ cast during filming [INTERVIEW] Thankfully, promotional posters for the new season have already confirmed Gene will eventually make an appearance at some point. “It’s not a big surprise to say you’re going to be seeing Gene because he’s the key art of the season,” Peter continued. “You see Bob Odenkirk as Gene either putting on or taking off that red sports coat.” He then assured fans: “So we’re waiting for a while, but you will see Gene for sure.” Gene’s final scene could very well be the final scene of the show overall, and may even confirm the still ambiguous fate of Jimmy’s wife Kim following the events of both series. Unfortunately, Peter has warned fans to exercise caution, saying: “All I can say is that the greatest compliment we could have is that folks are worried about Kim Wexler… and you should be.” Fans have plenty of time to develop their theories ahead of the hotly anticipated midseason premiere, but there’s no doubt the final stretch of Better Call Saul will still manage to keep them on their toes. Better Call Saul season 6, part 2 begins Monday, July 11 on AMC in the USA and the following Tuesday on Netflix.