AMC’S hit crime series Better Call Saul will make its highly anticipated return to screens with the remainder of season six in July. As this instalment will also be the last of the series, Nacho star Micheal Mondo hinted his character could make an appearance despite his death.  Better Call Saul is the prequel series of AMC’s highly acclaimed crime drama Breaking Bad. The show explored Saul Goodman’s (played by Bob Odenkirk) life before crossing paths with Walter White (Bryan Cranston). Along the way, viewers were introduced to a number of characters including Ignacio ‘Nacho’ Varga (Michael Mondo) who despite his activity as a criminal soon became a fan favourite. However, the character met his death in the season six episode titled ‘Rock and Hard Place.’ READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint Although Nacho’s death was one of the first major murders of season six, the actor hinted at a potential return to screens. During an interview with Goldderby, Mondo was asked about not returning to Albuquerque for production. To which he responded: “I’ve travelled so much in my life, I’m very good at goodbyes, I’m not the type of person that misses things very much, I’m always looking into the future.” Speaking on the series, Mondo added: “I’m fond of it, I love the crew so you know the chances of me going back and working there I think are very probable.” After getting involved with the cartel, Nacho was recognised as one of Tuco Salamanca's (Raymond Cruz) most trusted enforcers. Tuco was a chaotic and hot-headed kingpin whose violent outbursts were usually spurred on by his drug use. Despite his promotion to becoming Hector (Mark Margolis) and Lalo Salamanca’s (Tony Dalton) right-hand man, Nacho found himself in a tough position as an informant. Nacho had been blackmailed and was forced into becoming a mole for Gustavo Fring (Giancarlo Esposito) after he realised Nacho had slyly made an attempt on Hector’s life. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star details moment he decided to quit acting [INSIGHT] Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul season 6 theory: Kim forced to work for Gus? [THEORY] This came after Hector wanted to use Nacho’s father’s legitimate company as a front for his drug business. However, Hector was having none of it and wanted to keep his beloved father away from the cartel. With Nacho as his personal mole, Gus had ordered him to let assassins into the cartel compound, which resulted in Nacho running away from the heavily armed Salamanca’s. Although he went into hiding he knew both Gus and the cartel wanted him dead, so he decided to go on his own accord. In an effort to survive he ran through dirt, mud, blood, and oil, before accepting his own fate. With his father’s life being threatened by Gus and the cartel he conjured a plan to get away and ensure his father’s safety. When Juan Bolsa (Javier Grajeda) ordered him to reveal who ordered the hit, he was unaware Nacho had kept a shard of glass. He sliced off his cuffs, stabbed Juan in the leg, and held him at gunpoint but in the final moments, Nacho changed his mind and instead turned the gun on himself, ending it all. Better Call Saul season six part two will return to AMC on Monday, July 11. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 