First Kill is an unusual concoction of both Twilight and Buffy the Vampire Slayer as a teen legacy vampire and monster hunter embark on a passionate romance. The Netflix series has gone down a storm with subscribers, many of who binge-watched the show in a matter of days. Having watched all eight episodes, fans are taking a closer look at how First Kill was born, including where it was shot. Netflix's First Kill is set in the present day in Georgia's oldest city Savannah. Many scenes from the dramatic first season were shot in Savannah as well, featuring many of its residential neighbourhoods. One of Savannah's schools was transformed into Lancaster Academy, especially for the drama and Colonial Park Cemetary was also host to a few key scenes. This wasn't the only location that was used for First Kill though. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Audrey Roberts to face deadly exit Filming also occurred in Atlanta where its ample supply of production facilities and studios were put to good use. Various scenes would have been shot in the studios, including sequences showing a high school party at a mansion. Over the years, Atlanta has become an increasingly popular location for filmmakers. Some series and films which have been shot there include Stranger Things, Father of the Bride, Black Panther, The Walking Dead and Dear Evan Hansen just to name a few. Express.co.uk caught up with First Kill's Clayton Cook star Joseph Reitman who talked through filming the drama. He said: "It was filmed in Atlanta, we filmed for three months there. "They filmed a week of external shots in Savannah which is about three hours from Atlanta because that's where it's actually meant to take place. "I kind of fell in love with the city of Atlanta while we were filming." DON'T MISS...Clint Eastwood health: Star's proven anti-anxiety trick [HEALTH]BBC Breakfast host worries fans after rush to hospital [REACTION]Game of Thrones’ Emilia Clarke spills first Jon Snow details [CAST] The third location where First Kill was shot was in a suburb north of Atlanta called East Cobb. The "unincorporated community" was used for some of the residential backdrops in the series. It is believed that production for First Kill began sometime in late 2021. In terms of the show's future, that has yet to be decided by Netflix. Despite First Kill quickly winning itself a loyal fanbase, there has been no talk of a season two. Netflix has yet to either renew or cancel the vampire drama so it is unclear if it will be back for more. However, following the show's popularity, it does seem likely there will be more episodes to come. First Kill is available to watch on Netflix.