Police officers restricted access to the entire area, pushing pedestrians back. The evacuation began shortly before 11am on Saturday (June 4). Multiple social media users reported hearing a loud bang in the area. The police later confirmed they conducted a controlled explosion following a report from a citizen about a "suspicious vehicle". Jon Hansen, a reporter at WGN Radio ,said he saw a car with all windows smashed and heard the loud explosion. In a post on Twitter, he wrote: "Rushed out of Trafalgar Hotel because of a suspicious vehicle outside. Hurrying downstairs we saw a car with all windows smashed. "On our way out of the area we heard an explosion. The hotel had told us police were waiting for evacuation before a controlled detonation. #trafalgar" At the time, a spokesman for Met Police asked the public to remain calm as "all is under control". City of Westminster Police said that "Officers are currently at #TrafalgarSquare where they have evacuated the scene. Please do not travel to the area." In a later update, they announced the incident "has been concluded" and that the scene will reopen "in due course". Trafalgar Square was reopened for the public shortly before 12pm. Another Twitter user, @TomasHalgas, wrote: "Suspicious package left at Trafalgar Square, prompting evacuation. Eight minutes later it exploded throwing a loud bang. My parents were there, but they are fine. I’m really amazed how the evacuations happened before it went off and it seems that no one was hurt!" No one was injured during the incident. A woman staying at the Trafalgar St James hotel said that the building was evacuated and uploaded video of people running outside and watching on the street. @ktgreenan wrote: "Just been evacuated from our hotel in Trafalgar Square due to there being a suspicious car unattended outside." Journalist Crystal Goomansingh also wrote about a controlled explosion. She wrote on Twitter: "CONTROLLED explosion near Trafalgar square. Police say officers dealt with a suspicious vehicle." A photo posted on social media shows the car, with all its windows smashed, being removed from the scene. @phileasphil wrote on Twitter: "Suspect vehicle removed #TrafalgarSquare" In a later update, the police said that the incident was "not terrorist related". A City of Westminster Police Twitter post read: "Police attended a report from a member of the public at 9.22am of a suspicious vehicle in Trafalgar Square. "This was investigated and after police took action we have no further concern. "This was not terrorism related."