The National Education Union (NEU) said the strike action will go ahead unless the Government responds to its concerns in the next few months. The biggest teachers' union will consult its members in the autumn, "strongly encouraging them" to back industrial action if its dispute with the Government is not resolved. The NEU, which represents more than 460,000 members, including teachers, lecturers, support staff, and school leaders, said pay cuts and high workload were hitting teacher recruitment and retention, causing "real damage" to education. It lashed out at the Government's evidence to the Review Body proposing a three percent pay increase for most teachers in England. But the union warned this would mean "huge" pay cut on the basis of Wednesday's inflation figures of 9.1 percent on the CPI measure and 11.7 percent for RPI. The NEU has written a letter to Education Secretary Nadhim Zahawi in an attempt to address the concerns of teachers. It is calling for a fully-funded inflation-plus pay increase for all teachers, as well as action on pay for other staff such as support workers, as well as measures to reduce workloads.  Mr Zahawi was warned by the union that teacher pay has plummeted by a fifth in real terms since 2010 - even before the recent inflation rises - while their workload remains at "unsustainable" levels. It says: "Alongside the decline in teacher pay in real terms against inflation, it has also declined in relative terms against earnings. "Average teacher salaries are at their lowest level compared to average earnings across the economy in over 40 years. "Teachers and school leaders often tell us that workload is their predominant concern but right now, our members are telling us pay is a big issue too. READ MORE: Blackford makes grovelling apology in desperate bid to save job "The combination of unsustainable hours, the work intensity during those hours and ever-falling pay levels are damaging our schools and the young people we are educating. The NEU said teachers have found their pay when calculating hourly rates to be "alarmingly low". The union wared teacher applications have slumped by nearly a quarter compared to last year. The letter continued: "Teachers are looking at their working hours and their pay and calculating hourly rates, which are alarmingly low. DON'T MISSPMQs LIVE: 'Backing the strikers!' Boris rages at Labour [BLOG]Brexit to be 'completed' - European courts to FINALLY lose power in UK [REPORT]Brexit Britain starts talks for £35BN trade pact set to be envy of EU [LATEST]  "The latest teacher training figures are very worrying; applications have fallen by 24% compared with last year. "One in eight newly qualified teachers left the job in their first year of teaching. "These young people have often finished a degree, then completed a postgraduate qualification. "They are a great loss to the profession, but more importantly to the nation's pupils who rely on their teachers to educate and care for them. The letter concluded by urging Education Secretary Mr Zahawi to "respond" and commit to an "inflation-plus increase for all teachers".  The union warned the "inaction" from the Government is "causing real damage to education and to our members' livelihoods". It concludes by further warning if there is an insufficient response, it will hold talks with its members to take industrial action, and will be "strongly encouraging them to vote yes". The letter ended: "You must respond to the new economic reality of double-digit inflation and the threat this poses to teacher living standards. "We call on you to commit to an inflation-plus increase for all teachers. "It is not good enough to only propose higher increases for beginner teachers (which are themselves likely to be lower than inflation). "The current inaction from the Government on these questions is causing real damage to education and to our members' livelihoods. "We have to tell you that failing sufficient action by you, in the autumn term, we will consult our members on their willingness to take industrial action. "And we will be strongly encouraging them to vote yes. "We can no longer stand by while you run both education and educators into the ground."