The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were among the Firm members named in a lengthy entry of the Court Circular - the diary listing all official royal events - dated June 2. Meghan and Prince Harry joined most members of the Royal Family in the Major General's Office overlooking Horse Guards Parade on Thursday. From there, they watched the spectacular Trooping the Colour parade unfolding. While the couple kept a low profile and were caught only in a few snaps during the event, the Court Circular dutifully included them in its entry. After briefly explaining Prince Charles, Princess Anne and Prince William took the salute from the troops at Horse Guards Parade and listing the names of the officials in attendance, the Court Circular detailed all the working and non-working royals who watched the parade. It read: "The Troops on Parade, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel James Aldridge, Irish Guards (Field Officer in Brigade Waiting), received The Prince of Wales with a Royal Salute.  "The Duchess of Cornwall, The Duchess of Cambridge with Prince George of Cambridge, Princess Charlotte of Cambridge and Prince Louis of Cambridge, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, Princess Beatrice, Mrs Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi and Mr Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, Princess Eugenie, Mrs Jack Brooksbank and Mr Jack Brooksbank, The Earl and Countess of Wessex with The Lady Louise Mountbatten-Windsor and Viscount Severn, The Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, The Duke of Kent (Colonel, Scots Guards), Prince and Princess Michael of Kent, Princess Alexandra, the Hon Lady Ogilvy, Vice-Admiral Sir Tim Laurence and other Members of the Royal Family drove to Horse Guards Parade and witnessed The Queen’s Birthday Parade." This marks the first time in more than two years that both the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been featured in the royal diary. Meghan and Harry were last jointly included in the Court Circular in March 2020, after they attended the Commonwealth Day service at Westminster Abbey alongside the Queen, Prince Charles, Camilla, Sophie, Prince Edward, Prince William and Kate. Shortly after, Meghan hosted a reception for young Commonwealth leaders at Buckingham Palace, after which the Sussexes officially bowed out of the Firm as working members. READ MORE: Piers Morgan's dig at Meghan Markle after Prince Louis' reaction Their exit as senior royals was branded "Megxit". The Court Circular normally pencils down only official events attended by full-time working members of the Firm. However, it also includes non-senior members when it comes to major gatherings, such as services of thanksgiving and Trooping the Colour. In 2021, Prince Harry travelled back twice to the UK - first to attend the funeral of his grandfather Prince Philip and later to unveil the statue of Princess Diana at Kensington Palace he had commissioned with William in 2017. The Duke and Duchess briefly stopped at Windsor in April to visit the Queen, while they were on their way to The Hague to attend the Invictus Games. This visit to the UK is set to be particularly special not just because they are here to celebrate the Jubilee, but also because the Sussexes travelled across the pond with their children. This means the Queen and other royal relatives will have the chance to meet in person Lilibet 'Lili' Diana, born on June 4 last year at a Santa Barbara hospital. They will also be able to see how much Archie Harrison has grown, as the tot was last on British soil in mid-November 2019. Meghan and Harry, who arrived in the UK on Wednesday night, made their first public appearance during the Platinum Jubilee during the parade as they were not spotted arriving in central London. They were photographed chatting with one of the Queen's cousins, the Duke of Kent, and joking with some of the monarchs' great-grandchildren. Meghan was spotted playfully pulling faces with Isla and Savannah Phillips, the daughters of Peter Phillips. And she was seen putting a finger on her lips while joking with Zara and Mike Tindall's younger daughter, Lena. The Duke and Duchess are widely tipped to be among the members of the Firm to attend today's service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. The service will be an occasion to celebrate the Queen's life and reign. The monarch won't be in attendance, as announced yesterday by Buckingham Palace, after experiencing some "discomfort" during her balcony appearance.