Shadow transport secretary Louise Haigh joined Jon Kay to discuss the biggest rail strike facing the UK for 30 years. Although the Labour MP urged the Government to meet with the RMT for last-minute talks to try and avoid industrial action. However, BBC Breakfast's Kay pointed out union boss Mick Lynch has hit out at the party for its lack of support.    Kay said: “Mick Lynch of the RMT union thinks Labour has washed its hands of working class people. “He says you’ve lost contact and connection with working class people. “He says you’ve got to think less about what the Daily Mail thinks of its lead column and need to be fighting for better pay and jobs. “He feels that you as the Labour Party are letting down these striking workers.” Read more: ‘Waiting for an answer!’ Naga Munchetty hits out at Matt Tebbutt   The shadow transport secretary replied: “Well, of course, working people have a right and are right to fight for a fair pay settlement. “The context of this dispute is that working people have suffered the slowest growth in wages since the Napoleonic era and this year and the biggest decline in living standards since records began. “These workers kept us going through the pandemic and kept the country stocked and they deserve a fair pay rise right now. “The Government is refusing to be at the table so it’s little wonder that they feel their only tool is to take action.”    “But it is in the Government’s gift,” Haigh continued. “They need to set out urgently how they’re going to bring down inflation and how they’re going to deliver an economic strategy that puts money back in the pockets of people in this cost of living crisis.” Elsewhere in the interview, Kay quizzed the MP on Labour’s on their ties with the union. He quipped: “Labour is in a difficult position here because you don’t want to upset commuters, the people that use the railways but you also have historic links to the union movement. DON'T MISSCarol Kirkwood's appearance mocked by BBC Breakfast co-star [INSIGHT]‘Doesn’t seem right’ Naga makes Mercedes dig over ‘disaster’ car  [VIDEO]Naga Munchetty forced to step in after BBC sound issues [INTERVIEW] “Can you imagine any Labour MPs out on picket lines tomorrow supporting the RMT?” Haigh replied: “What I would say is that the trade unionists, the ordinary people themselves don’t want to go on strike. “They will lose money through this strike action and any strike is a representation of failure, of talks breaking down. “We are on the side of both the public and these rail workers that want a resolution, that want the industrial dispute brought to an end and ultimately build a railway network that is fit for the 21st century.    “My constituents in Sheffield suffer some of the worst delayed and over crowded trains in the country.” “What we should be doing now in the middle of this cost of living and climate crisis is doing everything we can to encourage people out of their cars and onto public transport,” Haigh reasoned. “But at the heart of this dispute is the fact that the Government are demanding 10 percent cuts both to network rail and train operators which will mean further cuts to services and staff which the public rely on.” BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily at 6am.   