Anthony Joshua is set to leave his current TV deal with Sky Sports in order to switch allegiances to streaming giants DAZN, according to reports. Joshua has been with the broadcaster for his whole career however his current deal with the company came to an end after his defeat to Oleksander Usyk in September. DAZN have steadily been making inroads into the boxing broadcasting market over the past few years with their most significant deal seeing them take Matchroom promoter Eddie Hearn from Sky in a £100million deal. The UK rights to the former heavyweight world champion’s bouts were not included within the deal however they look set to take the license from Sky Sports in their most significant business yet. DAZN already shows Joshua’s fights outside of Britain but are now set to take the UK market too. The Sun reports that Sky Sports initially believed themselves to be frontrunners with DAZN set to give up until things suddenly changed. The deal is likely to be made official next week. The first bout to be shown on DAZN in the UK involving Joshua is likely to be his rematch with Uysk, tipped to take place in Saudi Arabia at the Jeddah SuperDome in August. Joshua was convincingly beaten on points by the Ukrainian in September, losing his WBA ‘Super’, IBF, and WBO heavyweight titles in the process. The return fight could be announced as early as next week. Joshua’s promoter Hearn told talkSPORT: “We’re right on the brink now of signing all the paperwork. It [July 23] is only seven weeks away. It is a big job. They want to do multi-city, international press tours. There’s TV rights to discuss, there’s sponsorship to discuss. “It is likely you will see a two or three-week delay for that fight to land in August. The fight will happen. I’m very confident you will get an official announcement next week. It has been a long task, as it always is to sign these big fights." Joshua has enlisted the help of Boxing Writers’ Association 2012 trainer of the year Robert Garcia in order to help him get his revenge on Uysk, with the coach tipped to encourage the Briton to be more aggressive. However Joshua’s former trainer has suggested technical improvements and breaking up Usyk’s style will be more important. "It's important that he is able to break [Usyk’s] rhythm," Ben Davidson said on his Instagram story when asked by a fan. "This will at times cause Usyk to reset and break base which is something Joshua can use to his advantage. He has to switch up the point of his attacks, making it hard for Usyk to anticipate which will also make it difficult for Usyk to counter.”