Juventus boss Massimiliano Allegri may be lining up an audacious swap deal with Liverpool involving Naby Keita and Adrien Rabiot, according to reports. The Bianconeri have already wrapped up a move for Paul Pogba, who is set to leave Manchester United on a free transfer, and they could follow that up by luring in his midfield partner ahead of the new season. Pogba has agreed a return to Juventus this summer, with the final documents to be signed and sealed at the beginning of next month. His arrival represents a major coup for Juve, who will sign the Frenchman on a free transfer five years after selling him to United for a world-record fee. Calciomercato claim that the Turin giants are not planning to stop there. Supposedly, Liverpool's interest in Rabiot could open the door for Keita to enter the negotiation, which could land Allegri with a strong partner in crime for Pogba. There was big excitement when Keita signed for the Reds back in 2017, but he has broadly failed to hit the heights he once did at RB Leipzig. Last season was his best in front of goal at Anfield, and he still managed just four in 40 appearances. JUST IN: Celtic given Ko Itakura transfer lifeline as Man City 'demand' leaves door ajar for Hoops But one manager's bench-warmer could be another's treasure, and Keita's meteoric rice with Leipzig and RB Salzburg was enough to convince Liverpool to splash out a club-record fee. The 27-year-old could find sanctuary in Italy, much like Pogba did after a frustrating first spell at United, if Juve make the Reds an offer. It remains to be seen if Jurgen Klopp will push to sign Rabiot, who has been linked with a move to the Premier League for what seems like an eternity. The Frenchman has just one year left to run on his contract, meaning this summer would be the perfect time for Juventus to sell. READ MORE: Glazers face fresh Man Utd anger with protest at Ten Hag's first game With Keita and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain among those linked to Anfield exits, Klopp may wish to plan his next move wisely before he is left too thin on the ground in midfield. Links to former Red Gini Wijnaldum have been slapped down as untrue, and there is little suggesting any ambitious moves are in the pipeline since blowing what could turn out to be a new club record sum on Darwin Nunez. The former Benfica marksman will naturally provide most of the excitement for fans heading into the new campaign, having lashed in 34 goals last term. Solidity and squad depth will remain a priority, however, given how close Klopp came to overseeing a historic quadruple in 2021/22. "Liverpool need midfielders," former Aston Villa star Gabby Agbonlahor told talkSPORT. "Thiago has injury problems, [Jordan] Henderson his legs are going to start going a bit now he is into his thirties. They need, for me, another two midfielders. Even someone like Bellingham would fit in perfectly at Liverpool. "In defence they are fine, they have got enough cover, goalkeeper they have got enough cover. I feel like two central midfielders and Nunez and they will be back next season challenging Manchester City."