The woman explained how she ended up in the breakfast bill predicament after helping herself to some drinks and toast. The country pub she was staying at provides guests with continental and cooked breakfast options, with the woman opting for the latter, reports The Mirror. Taking to Mumsnet the woman wrote: "We went down for breakfast this morning and the waitress asked if we wanted the continental breakfast for £7.95 or the cooked breakfast for £10.95. "We all had the cooked breakfast, she took our orders and went off. "I then went to the continental buffet bit and got juice for my child, a cup of tea for myself and 2 slices of toast to go with our cooked breakfast.  "She delivered the cooked breakfast, it was all very nice and then she presented us with the bill that charged us for 3 x continental breakfast and 3 x cooked breakfast. "I said she’d charged us twice and she said that she’d seen me go to the buffet so had to charge me. "After a bit of a fuss she agreed to only charge for the cooked breakfast but said to not do it tomorrow and that if I wanted tea/juice/toast I had to order it with my breakfast. "Was I being cheeky to assume the cost of a cooked breakfast included juice and toast from the buffet bit?"  Many people came to the mum's defence, saying a cooked breakfast often included a continental as well. "I’ve stayed in lots of places where you help yourself to juice etc when you have cooked breakfast. I’d probably have assumed the same," one person responded. A second wrote: "She’s wrong, you’re correct - I’m very well travelled. If this is the pub’s policy they should be named and shamed in your review." Other people argued that the woman should not have gone back for a second breakfast if she didn't want to pay for it.  One person said: "You either pay for the continental buffet OR you order a cooked breakfast off the menu. Neither one includes the other." Someone else added: "Of course you were being cheeky. You chose a cooked breakfast then went and helped yourself to the continental buffet. I'm surprised you got away with not paying tbh."