Christopher Anderson, an American-British journalist, told Royally US Prince Harry and Meghan Markle held a “perfunctory meeting” with Prince Charles during the Jubilee celebrations hoping for a “rapprochement” with the family. He claimed after the meeting it was clear the “curtain has come down” on the possibility of harmony between the father and son, before adding Charles’ late ex-wife Diana would be “heartbroken” by the state of relations between them and Prince William.    Host of Royally US Christine Ross asked: “We saw some reports that Meghan and Harry were seen leaving Charles’ home. “Is there any truth to that? Do we know what they talked about? And did it maybe move us towards healing any of these rifts?” Mr Anderson said: “Well, I understand that it was a perfunctory meeting and that there was no real breakthrough. “And I have a feeling that Prince Harry definitely went there hoping for some sort of rapprochement but there were no touchy-feely vibes coming back in his direction.    “So, I think the curtain has come down. And one of the things I think is so sad about this is Diana, were she alive today, would be heartbroken by this. “She would have understood why Harry would have wanted to make his own life and wanted to go to California. “But she always saw Harry as, you know, as Williams’ wingman. She always said: ‘My boys are my revenge.’ “And what she meant by that was that as a team they would go on and carry the monarchy forward into a more modern era. “But now it just looks like it’s going to be William and Kate, and their kids.” READ MORE: Queen SLAPPED another royal while partying with Elton John [REVEAL]  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex reportedly held a secret meeting at Clarence House following the thanksgiving service at St Paul’s Cathedral on the Friday of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. There were no signs of communication between Prince Harry and his father, or his brother, during the service, with both parties sitting on either side of the aisle. They were due to attend a Guildhall royal reception after the visit to St Paul’s but opted out of the event. It was reported they were then spotted leaving Prince Charles’ estate in London later that day, before the King-in-waiting and his wife Camilla Parker-Bowles exited afterwards. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 'completely' excluded from Royal Family [REVEAL] Harry and Meghan now ‘under pressure to deliver for Netflix [REPORT]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry 'sidelines' by 'callous' Firm [LIVE]  The thanksgiving service at St Paul’s Cathedral was Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s only official public event during the Queen’s Jubilee celebrations. The couple reportedly visited Windsor Castle the day after for their youngest child Lilibet’s first birthday. There, the Queen met her great grandchild and watched the Party at the Palace celebrations at Buckingham Palace. Meghan and Harry then flew back to Montecito, California the day after, before the Jubilee had come to a close.   