Cleaning star Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, became popular after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain over 4.5 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to sharing cleaning and tidying tips, which includes how to remove yellow stains from toilet seats. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to get her toilet seat white again after gathering yellow stains. Wendy Gradwell wrote: “Hi, any tips please on getting a yellowing toilet seat white again?” There are various reasons why homeowners see yellow stains on their toilet seats. It mostly boils down to urine accumulation and as a result of hard water. READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Most important’ 29p step to ‘weaken’ dirt on electric hobs Urine has been known to contain a yellow colorant known as urochrome or urobilin, which gives it a yellow colour. If the toilet remains unflushed or even when it is not properly cleaned regularly, you see stains forming up. When a stain is not tackled immediately, it makes itself at home in the toilet seat and, within some time, it changes to yellow, gets smelly, and thus very hard to tackle. However, yellow stains, which are often unusual colours found on the toilet seat, are mainly caused by hard water. DON'T MISS: ‘Really easy ways’ to ensure orchids ‘flower for months’ in summer [EXPERT]Use ‘pinching’ trick to get ‘the best results’ from your tomato plants [TIPS]Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [INSIGHT] Hard water tends to damage not only your sinks but also your toilet seats. Hard water contains iron, calcium, and most times, magnesium. These usually stick on the seats causing the colour to change to yellow. According to Mrs Hinch fans, there is an “easy solution” to remove the stains by forming a paste out of baking soda and white vinegar. Paula Withers said: “I make a paste of baking soda with white vinegar, apply and leave a while, then wash and put outside in the sunshine. It’s such an easy solution.” Jay Ashton commented: “White vinegar and baking soda worked perfectly on mine.” Natalie Hunt suggested: “Use baking soda and mix into a paste unit white vinegar and leave it on the toilet seat for a while. You’ll notice the yellow stains disappear.” Pat Murphy agreed: “I wiped a paste of baking soda and white vinegar on mine and left it fairly wet and it disappeared, worked wonderfully.” Julie Philips added: “I use bicarbonate of soda and white vinegar. Apply the paste to the toilet seat and leave it to sit for between 10 and 30 minutes. “Scrub the stains, then wipe the toilet seat with a cloth dipped in clean, warm water. If any stains remain, repeat the process. Thoroughly dry the toilet seat to finish.” Many Mrs Hinch fans warned against using bleach to clean toilet seats. Julie Philips said: “Don't use bleach, it will discolour it. I learnt from experience.” Pauline Mccoullough replied: “I always used bleach on mine and I think that is what has turned yellow.” Janice Parsons added: “Bleach is what turns it yellow.”