The GB News presenter was rushed to hospital in "excruciating pain" and told Express.co.uk in his new column why the experience has taken away criticism he had over the NHS. Eamonn Holmes explained his back injury may "never be fixed" ahead of his return to his presenting role.  The 62-year-old was taken to A&E in an ambulance after waking in the middle of the night in agony. "I immediately knew something wasn't right," he explained. It turned out the broadcaster was suffering two prolapsed discs in his back and needed emergency surgery. "Just like the NHS my back may never be fixed," he added. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Hope returns as he takes revenge on Samson "But because of the NHS, it's holding up nicely," Eamonn admitted the experience has changed his views. "My destination was Belfast’s Royal Victoria Hospital Spinal Injuries unit via the A&E unit at the city’s Ulster Hospital. "It's not an experience I wish to repeat anytime soon - not least because ambulances seem to be vehicles devoid of any suspension. But there ends any criticism I have of our amazing NHS." He went on: "My carers were from Northern Ireland, the Philippines and Africa. They were underpaid and understaffed. READ MORE: Sam Hall age: How old is Emmerdale's Samson Dingle star? "Brexit has robbed them of many European folk who used to keep the health system going and on a daily basis, Covid still hammers those left standing because it means colleagues are often off sick. "I was left asking myself how the hell do they keep saving lives under these conditions day-after-day? "But they did. There was no let-up and no respite," the GB News star added, before revealing he had to miss being a part of the Jubilee celebrations. "I should have been at Buckingham Palace alongside my co-host Isabel Webster presenting coverage of the start of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Celebrations," he remarked. DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley grills Liz Truss over Rwanda asylum plan 'Contradicts' [LATEST]Susanna Reid fights tears as Grenfell firefighter recalls tragedy [VIDEO]ITV viewers furious as Mark Wright takes Chunkz's Soccer Aid penalty [REACTION] "Then I was due to be by the side of my wife Ruth [Langsford] aboard one of the 'National Treasures' buses at the Jubilee Pageant, which brought the four-day national party to an end. "Instead I spent the entire time in hospital. But you play the hand you are dealt and I thought being looked after by the doctors and nurses was a privilege." Eamonn's health update comes after a few other recent health scares. Last week, he shared on social media why he had been absent from GB News. Taking to Twitter, the former ITV star wrote: "Hi everyone, many of you have been asking why I haven’t been presenting GB News for the past week. "Unfortunately, due to a reoccurrence of a long-term back condition, I’ve had to undergo some unexpected hospital treatment and am now following doctor’s orders by taking a short time off." The presenter has now made a return to the morning show alongside his colleague Isabel Webster. Breakfast with Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster airs Monday to Thursday from 6am on GB News. For Eamonn's full column, click here.