The nation revelled in the Queen's 70-year reign last week with back-to-back celebrations, and the Queen appeared on the Buckingham Palace balcony at both the beginning and the end of the jubilations to wave to the crowds. But her absence at many of her Platinum Jubilee events, including the Epsom Derby and the Platinum Party at the Palace, was keenly felt, and the responsibility fell to Prince Charles to lead the royal contingent at many points over the Jubilee weekend. The Queen's reduced appearances at her Jubilee could signal that she will stay out of the spotlight more in the future, and her attendance at the Commonwealth Games 2022 this summer has already been called into question.  In just over a month, the Commonwealth Games will start in Birmingham, and in previous years the Queen has played a key role in the sporting fixture. Last October the Queen and her son Prince Edward launched the Games' 294-day baton relay from the grounds of Buckingham Palace, just days before the monarch would spend a night in hospital for "preliminary tests". But according to the Daily Mail, the Queen has pulled out of her appearance at this year's Commonwealth Games and, in her place, Prince Charles will once again fill in. Decisions about the Queen's attendance at events have usually been announced closer to the time in recent months, so whether or not the Queen will attend the Commonwealth Games will likely be confirmed by the palace at a later date.  READ MORE: Mike Tindall lays bare why Royal Family wanted to flee pageant The Queen's health issues have been well-documented over the last year, and it is understood the monarch is experiencing episodic mobility problems. The monarch is now always pictured using a walking stick and she publicly debuted a new Royal Household buggy at the RHS Chelsea Flower Show in May. The Queen has cancelled several high-profile appearances in recent months including the COP26 climate summit, the Remembrance Day service at the Cenotaph and recently the Royal Maundy service. At each of these events, the baton has fallen to Prince Charles to represent the Queen, but perhaps the Queen's most significant delegation to her heir came last month with the State Opening of Parliament.   Accompanied by his son Prince William in their roles as Counsellors of State, Charles read the Queen's Speech aloud for the first time and he looked visibly moved as he gazed at the crown perched on a pillow beside him. The Queen's sporadic public appearances since the autumn had prompted concerns that the monarch may miss the Platinum Jubilee celebrations altogether. But the nation needn't have worried, and the crowds of London were delighted to see the Queen at Trooping the Colour and at the end of the Platinum Jubilee Pageant this year. After the celebrations concluded, the monarch herself said her heart had "been with you all" in a special Platinum Jubilee thank you message.  DON'T MISS:'Squad depth!' Lady Louise leads royals who could see roles changed [ANALYSIS]Mike Tindall gives verdict on Queen's Paddington bear skit [VIDEO]Queen and Royal Family braced for heartbreaking Philip milestone [INSIGHT] The Queen said: "When it comes to how to mark seventy years as your Queen, there is no guidebook to follow. It really is a first. But I have been humbled and deeply touched that so many people have taken to the streets to celebrate my Platinum Jubilee. "While I may not have attended every event in person, my heart has been with you all; and I remain committed to serving you to the best of my ability, supported by my family. "I have been inspired by the kindness, joy and kinship that has been so evident in recent days, and I hope this renewed sense of togetherness will be felt for many years to come. "I thank you most sincerely for your good wishes and for the part you have all played in these happy celebrations." 