All or Nothing: Arsenal is coming to Amazon Prime Video later this year and the series follows the likes of All or Nothing: Tottenham Hotspur and All or Nothing: Manchester City. The football documentary is made up of eight episodes and they will be airing weekly on the streaming platform. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about when the new sport series arrives. All or Nothing: Arsenal looks at one of the world’s biggest football clubs, as Arsenal turns its attention to elite European competition. Fans will witness the highs and lows of life at the Emirates Stadium and the Arsenal Training Centre. Also, the cameras will follow Arsenal’s squad away from home to examine the challenges posed throughout a demanding calendar of high-pressure competition. The first three episodes will air on Thursday, August 4. New episodes will launch each week until Thursday, August 18. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks outrage after rant about NHS strikes They will tell the inside story of Arsenal’s 2021/22 season, which has had its ups and downs. The official episode schedule is as follows: August 4 – Episodes one to three August 11 – Episodes four to six August 18 – Episodes seven and eight A trailer for the series has also been released and it shows the squad at the bottom of the league. Manager Mikel Arteta is heard giving his team some words of encouragement as they face the stress of working their way up the ranks. Award-winning actor and Arsenal fan Daniel Kaluuya will be narrating the series. The official Instagram account for the club shared the trailer and it sent fans into a frenzy. Ozillafifa said: "The production looks mad. can’t wait to see all the mess behind scenes." DON'T MISS... McCartney's team hit out at BBC for Glasto farce [DISCUSSION] Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta rips into team after dismal Newcastle defeat [INSIGHT] Arsenal set to star in Amazon Prime's 'All Or Nothing' documentary [INSIGHT] Arsenal_news2.0 added: "I wished the trailer was a bit longer! "Going to be interesting to see how the players react to certain moments that happened! COYG." Livzledge said: "This is going to be emotional but lit at the same time I can't wait." According to Goal.com, Mark Gonnella, Arsenal’s media and communications director said the club was looking forward to giving fans a unique insight into how they work day to day. He said: "We have one of the biggest global followings in the game and one consistent thing we hear from fans is their desire to see more about what happens behind closed doors at the club. “All or Nothing will give our fans and sport lovers an opportunity to learn more about what makes Arsenal such a special club, our trophy-laden history and our ambitions for future success.” Arsenal has gone through a fascinating period in history over the past two years. Fans are looking forward to finding out more about the passion and commitment the club has continued to show.  All or Nothing: Arsenal airs on Amazon Prime Video from August 4.