It's been over 50 years since The Beatles broke up and we’ve lost two, while the other pair are now both in their eighties. Sir Ringo Starr, who turns 82 next month, shared a picture today on Twitter of himself making his iconic peace sign. The drummer has wished Sir Paul McCartney a very happy 80th birthday with a touching Beatles reference. Ringo captioned his tweet: “They say it’s your birthday Saturday happy birthday Paul love you man have a great day peace and love Ringo and Barbara love love peace and love.” “They say it’s your birthday” references the opening lyrics of The Beatles’ song Birthday from 1968’s The White Album. As for Barbara, that’s the drummer’s wife Barbara Bach, best known for playing a Bond girl opposite Sir Roger Moore in 1977's The Spy Who Loved Me. Alongside Ringo, the estates of the late John Lennon and George Harrison have shared messages celebrating Paul’s milestone too. The estate of John Lennon, who would have been 82 this year, shared a number of lovely pictures of the late star with Paul. Six posts today, in particular, went through the lyrics of In My Life from The Beatles’ 1965 album Rubber Soul. Credited to Lennon-McCartney, the track was mainly written by John, who felt it was his “first real major piece of work” as it was about his own childhood. The sharing of such touching lyrics by the estate clearly celebrates the brotherly love and affection the two stars have had for each other. A final three post picture of McCartney and Lennon was captioned by the latter’s wife and son: “HAPPY BIRTHDAY PAUL! From Yoko, Sean and everyone at Studio One.” Meanwhile, the estate of George Harrison, who would be 79 today, posted a video shot by the Quiet Beatle for Paul’s 80th. Similarly to Ringo, the footage made reference to The Beatles’ Birthday song by playing the opening of the track along with shots of a young Macca. The post read: “Happy Birthday, Paul! Film footage shot by George." DON'T MISSElvis family gift Austin Butler access greater than Paul McCartney [ELVIS]Ringo Starr shares Beatles' worst farter ‘It caused terrible trouble!’ [RINGO]The Beatles: John Lennon’s touching words for ‘brother’ Paul McCartney [JOHN ON PAUL] Paul completed his Got Back US tour this week in New Jersey with Bruce Springsteen and Jon Bon Jovi joining him on stage. The 80-year-old will be celebrating his birthday today, before heading to Glastonbury Festival to headline at the end of the month. 