Nick Kyrgios took time out to pose with fans ahead of his practice session on Tuesday in a kind gesture as he prepares to take on Britain’s Paul Jubb at Wimbledon. The world No 40 begins his campaign at the All England Club against one of the 17 Brits in the main draw of the singles event. Kyrgios had one last hit on Tuesday morning at Aorangi Park ahead of his Wimbledon opener against Jubb. The former quarter-finalist was joined by his girlfriend and sister when he was asked to take a photo with fans who were near the practice courts and kindly obliged before leaving as his girlfriend Costeen Hatzi shared her concern over the chance of rain. The Aussie is due to play British No 8 Jubb second on Court 3 today, and has already shared some kind words about the 22-year-old who is playing in the main draw for just the second time. “As for my opponent, I feel like I can put myself in his shoes very well. I was once that kid that got a wild card at the Australian Open,” Kyrgios said ahead of the tournament. “Felt really good just to be around, soak it all in, the media, the fans, everything, the hype. I know how he's going to be feeling. He's going to go out there and he's going to just play freely, nothing to lose.” JUST IN: Emma Raducanu's opponent fires Wimbledon crowd warning   The Australian Open doubles champion made a bold claim that he “should win easily” but admitted it wouldn’t be easy. He continued: “Being in that position, I loved it. I was an underdog every time I walked out there. I had no pressure. So I know it's going to be a dangerous match. It's not always easy to be the favourite, just sweep aside someone. Never. I've had matches like that and it hasn't gone well. “I know I just got to ride the waves emotionally out there because the crowd is obviously going to be behind the local. I'm used to wearing that kind of black hat, the villain-type role. I'm going to embrace it. I'm just going to go out there and play the game. DON'T MISSAndy Murray 'strange' and 'shocking' tactic called out by Tim HenmanWimbledon Covid chaos as second top player withdraws from tournamentVenus Williams requests last minute wildcard to team up with Murray   The 27-year-old is hoping for a better run this year after he was forced to retire injured in his third-round match against Felix Auger-Aliassime 12 months ago. Kyrgios is in good form on the grass, having reached back-to-back semi-finals in Stuttgart and Halle. And he has admitted that he wants to get over the “hump” of having expectations placed on him for his level of talent as he sets his sights on capturing a Grand Slam title in singles after winning the doubles in Melbourne with Thanasi Kokkinakis this year. “It's hard,” the Aussie said. “It's like not many people have gotten over the hump of winning a slam. I'm one of the people that has to deal with that every week. Like, ‘Oh, he's probably one of the biggest wastes of talent. He should be winning a Slam.’ Not many people have actually gotten over that hump in singles. It's obviously something I want to get over, and hopefully one day.”