A new driving law being introduced today means that drivers now face a life sentence if they cause death by careless driving. This applies to a number of common bad driving habits such as using a mobile phone. If a motorist kills someone while holding a mobile, speeding or drink driving they could be spending the rest of their life in prison. The new laws were introduced as part of the Police, Crime and Sentencing Courts Bill and came into force on Tuesday. Authorities hope that the introduction of the law will close the loophole that allows those who cause permanent disability to a victim through careless driving to avoid prosecution. Jessica Maguire of criminal law firm Corker Binning said: "A longstanding and conspicuous void in the Road Traffic Act 1988 has been filled. READ MORE: Driver fined £70 despite buying a parking ticket "If a Prosecutor was not able to meet the exceptionally high evidential threshold for dangerousness, a driver who had caused serious injury to another would face a summary-only offence, punishable by disqualification and an unlimited fine. "Many saw this as a problematic loophole. "The threshold for proving an individual’s driving fell below ordinary standards (rather than 'far' below) has always been much easier to meet." Maguire added that the new laws "will inevitably lead to a greater number of prosecutions for lapses in concentration behind the wheel which result in accidents and serious injuries". DON'T MISS Drivers urged to brake less and turn off air con [ADVICE] Drivers angry at ‘jobsworth’ councils handing out parking fines [INSIGHT] Terrorists could target EVs remotely [REVEAL] "(It's) a clear commitment by the Government to increase driving standards and to punish those who do not give their full attention to the road." RAC head of roads policy Nicholas Lyes said: “People have been crystal clear that they support tougher sentences for those who cause death by dangerous driving. "While it’s frustrating it’s taken so long for the law change to take effect – five years in total – we hope a powerful message is now sent to anyone who drives recklessly that there’s a very real chance they will end up behind bars for life.” Up until June 28, the penalty for each crime carried a maximum prison sentence of 14 years. READ MORE: M25 has the UK’s most active speed camera The new law is part of a clear commitment by the Government to increase driving standards and to punish those who do not give their full attention to the road. The proposed law was first announced in 2017, when Justice Minister Dominic Raab said it would deal with those who “wreck lives” with their actions. Steve Gooding, director of the RAC Foundation, said he hoped the threat of a life sentence will be enough to cause those who drive recklessly to change their ways. He added: “Drivers exhibiting the worst behaviour on the roads are a danger to us all.  "Those who behave with disregard to the risk they pose deserve the stiffest penalties when their actions rob others of their lives.” In April, Transport Secretary Grant Shapps also announced plans to crack down on drug-driving. He suggested that proposals would require drug-drivers to undertake rehabilitation courses before being allowed back behind the wheel. Reform would bring penalties for drug-driving in line with drink-driving. Currently, those convicted of drug-driving are handed a driving ban, prison sentence or fine by the courts, but aren’t required to complete rehabilitation courses before resuming driving – unlike drink-drivers. In a call for evidence, the Government is asking whether drug-drivers should likewise have to undergo rehabilitation, helping better protect the public.