Bryson DeChambeau once again found his name in the headlines last week after the American golfer was announced as one of sport’s big stars to make the switch to the controversial LIV Golf Invitational Series. DeChambeau had initially ruled himself out of the move, but his entry was confirmed following the opening day of the series’ inaugural event last week. DeChambeau joined the likes of Phil Mickelson, Dustin Johnson, Ian Poulter and Sergio Garcia in making the contentious move to the Saudi-backed circuit, and will make his series debut in Portland at the end of this month. In signing up for the Saudi League, the 28-year-old has put his PGA Tour membership on the line. Tour commissioner Jay Monahan confirmed last week that those who made the decision to make the move to LIV Golf will be suspended from PGA Tour competition, after the US-based circuit initially declined those interested the release to compete. Despite his PGA Tour future being up in the aIr DeChambeau and his fellow Saudi rebels will be at this week’s US Open. The pull for those making the LIV Golf is the remarkable amounts of money on offer to members. As well as competing for just under £21 million at each event, a number of series’ biggest names have also received a mega-money signing on fee to make the switch. Unsurprisingly DeChambeau has collected one of the biggest signing-on packages. READ MORE: Rory McIlroy hits out at 'selfish' stars who are 'fracturing' golf with LIV defection Golf Digest’s tour insider Dan Rapaport reporting that the 2020 US Open champion has been handed $100 million (£83 million) to join the record circuit. This will boost DeChambeau’s net worth, which currently stands at $10million (£8.3million) according to Celeb Net Worth. Whilst competing on the PGA Tour, the 28-year-old has picked up a cool £21.7million on career earnings since making his debut in 2015. Critics have taken aim at a number of the Saudi League rebels, who have refused to outline the staggering financial incentive as one of the key aspects in joining the series. DeChambeau though, gave a much more honest assessment, describing his link up with the circuit led by ex-world No. 1 Bryson DeChambeau as a ‘business decision’. DON'T MISSTiger Woods becomes billionaire despite snubbing £1bn LIV golf paydayDeChambeau pay to join LIV golf disclosed as Saudi funders pass £500mUS stars at Saudi LIV Golf called traitors by families of 9/11 victims Explaining his decision at this week’s US Open, he said: “There was a lot of financials to it and a lot of time. I get to have a life outside of the game of golf as well. It’s a business decision for my family’s future, and it gave me a lot of free time, so it cleared a lot of things up for me. “I think we’ll have a new legacy. It was very difficult. It’s been weighing on everybody out here for the past couple of years.“For me, what’s gone on has not been great but they [Saudi Arabia] are moving in the right direction from what I can see and what we’ve had conversations about. “I would love to play PGA Tour events when they would allow me to.” 