British boxer Chris Eubank Jr jokingly squared up to Brazilian footballer Neymar after the pair went to war on the poker table. Paris Saint-Germain star Neymar is not just a great footballer, but a top-notch poker player as well. He crossed paths with Eubank Jr after making his first in-person appearance at a World Series of Poker (WSOP) event earlier this week, six years after he first qualified for a seat at the table. Neymar - known for his flicks and tricks on the field - had one or two up his sleeve when he faced Eubank Jr in a game, beating the Brighton boxer with a straight flush. After the loss, Eubank Jr posted a video of himself with Neymar on Instagram and said: "Look at this guy, straight flush." As the camera zoomed in on the winning hand, to which the most expensive footballer of all time replied: "Straight flush, my guy." The video continues with Neymar giggling as a baffled Eubank Jr says: "Straight flush. How does this guy do it? I can't beat this guy. Every hand. The best, huh?" Eubank Jr followed up this video with a photo of both men squaring off in the parking lot with wide grins on their faces. The picture was captioned: “He beat me in a big pot with a straight flush!! So, we had to go outside & settle the score.” The renowned forward couldn’t cash in at his first WSOP event, the $10,000 Limit Hold'em Championship but was able to less than a week later. Neymar notched his first-ever WSOP cash by finishing 49th out of 2,227 at the $1,000 Super Turbo Bounty No-Limit Hold’em, with a cash prize of $3,959 in prize money. Eubank Jr, known more for his skill in the ring, is currently out relaxing in the United States as he awaits the announcement of his next opponent. The son of legendary boxer Chris Eubank Sr was reportedly on the brink of signing a bout agreement with Kell Brook, but ‘Special K’ has since retired. Eubank Jr’s promoter Ben Shalom told Sky Sports in May that the most likely options for Eubank Jr are either Zhanibek Alimkhanuly, Liam Smith or Gennady Golovkin. Back then, Shalom revealed that Eubank Jr was looking for a world title shot in the not-so-distant future and revealed to his broadcasting partner that he would like to see him fight for a world title, and thinks he can make it happen.