Losing Wakefield, where the Conservatives were defending a modest majority, appeared inevitable. Tiverton & Honiton was a safer seat, but many Conservatives expected to lose there too. While Tory MPs won't welcome the election results, the situation within the party has not changed. Mr Johnson's colleagues knew what to expect when a confidence vote was held earlier this month, and a majority chose to support him. It's significant that despite the resignation of former party chairman Oliver Dowden, Mr Johnson's key supporters in the Cabinet remain loyal. However, the Prime Minister will be aware that the next 12 months are crucial. He must demonstrate that he is delivering for the people of this country. Mr Johnson has faced extraordinary challenges since entering No 10, including delivering Brexit and dealing with Covid-19. These were followed by a global cost-of-living crisis and Vladimir Putin's brutal invasion of Ukraine. He could perhaps be forgiven if he hopes for a little respite, but the Prime Minister has shown remarkable leadership on all these issues. The next challenge is to make good on promises to deliver a "massive agenda for change" by fixing the economy, tackling the housing shortage and modernising transport, causes in which he clearly passionately believes. America is proud of its role promoting freedom across the world, so it is remarkable that the US Supreme Court has chosen to curtail the freedom of women to make decisions about their own bodies. This is a retrograde step which has been widely condemned. The ruling opens the door for states to ban abortion or introduce severe restrictions, and it is already clear that some will do so. It's remarkable that America is set to become a land where, in many places, anyone can buy a semi-automatic weapon used to end life, while women cannot decide for themselves what to do with their own lives and futures. The announcement that every child will receive at least one hour of music education each week is a victory for the Daily Express's Strike A Chord Campaign. All pupils should have opportunities to discover the joys of music and express themselves creatively. The danger has been that youngsters in more deprived communities, and those at less well-funded schools, would be denied this vital aspect of the school experience. Now every child will have the chance to pick up an instrument. It may even help to nurture the talents of tomorrow's stars.