John McEnroe praised Emma Raducanu’s mentality after her first-round 6-4 6-4 victory over Alison Van Uytvanck at Wimbledon. The pundit claimed that her mental strength “got her over the line” in what could be the start of a U-turn from McEnroe after criticising Raducanu at last year’s tournament when she retired in the fourth round. “A tricky opponent and Emma Raducanu competed hard,” McEnroe said during the BBC's coverage of Raducanu's victory. “That's the best part. She looked healthy which is good and mentally she seemed like she was working hard. I think that's what got her over the finish line. Both sets could've gone either way truthfully. A lot of close games, that’s a good win for her. “She prepared well for it, she got down real well low to the ball, I think that’s one thing that Emma does as well as anyone on the tour and that helps, especially early on in Wimbledon. “It looked like she wanted to be out there, that’s what it boils down to. If she wants to be out there then she is going to have a tremendous career if she can find that comfort level on the court, especially at Wimbledon centre court where expectations for her are so sky-high.” JUST IN: Nadal and Berrettini warned over underestimating 'rusty' Djokovic The tenth seed on her centre court debut overcame a difficult test against the Belgian grass court specialist, proving to her doubters that she can compete at Wimbledon. Last year McEnroe claimed that the occasion got “a little bit too much” for the teenager who shot to fame with her surprise success at Wimbledon by reaching the last 16, before she withdrew with breathing difficulties. The American insisted he had no regrets over his comments at the time, and “wouldn’t say anything different” but was impressed by Raducanu’s performance this year despite a difficult build-up to the tournament due to injury. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic's wife Jelena beams as she supports him at WimbledonNovak Djokovic wants even more after breaking insane Wimbledon recordSerena Williams' view on Wimbledon chances as Jabeur provides insight The 19-year-old suffered a side strain at the Nottingham Open and her participation at SW19 was in question, but she showed little sign of slowing down against Van Uytvanck. "I know Alison's an extremely tricky opponent," Raducanu said. "She's had great results on grass. I played her last summer and on grass where the balls stay so low it's extremely tricky to neutralise such a great serve. I'm extremely pleased to have come through that match and looking forward to hopefully playing in front of you guys again." After receiving a huge ovation when she claimed victory and had the home crowd behind her during the match, Raducanu said: "I've been feeling it ever since I stepped on to the practice courts, people behind me going, 'Emma you've got this'. And I'm like, 'Yeah, I've got this'. I'm just so happy to stay another day."