Lewis Hamilton has been told by Eddie Jordan that he’s “no longer top dog” at Mercedes following the emergence of George Russell this year. Hamilton has struggled for form during the early stages on the F1 season and has been outshone by his new team-mate. But Hamilton has the perfect opportunity to prove Jordan wrong in the next three races. “I think the big surprise is, everybody globally, in Formula 1 context, thinks that Lewis Hamilton is top dog,” Jordan said. “But he’s no longer top dog, not even in that team because Russell has taken his perch away. And I think it’s very interesting to watch and I want to see how Lewis is going to overcome that.” Hamilton claimed a podium finish at the opening Grand Prix of the season in Bahrain in March. But his season has gone rapidly downhill since then and he is now in sixth place in the F1 Drivers’ Championship standings - 34 points behind fourth-place Russell. He could be set to turn his season around in the coming weeks, however. The next Grand Prix takes place in Azerbaijan next weekend as current leader Max Verstappen looks to extend his lead over Charles Leclerc. But Hamilton could fancy his chances at the Baku City circuit after his previous displays there. READ MORE: Christian Horner explains Sergio Perez's 'no-brainer' Red Bull deal The Azerbaijan Grand Prix has only been hosted on four occasions. But the Stevenage-born ace won the 2018 edition, before finishing second the following year, while Verstappen and Leclerc have historically struggled at the track. So Hamilton could be confident of making up ground on the leaders if his car can perform well. After the race in Azerbaijan, drivers will head to the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in Canada for the ninth Grand Prix of the season. Hamilton has been imperious in Canada in the past and has won the race a staggering seven times. And if he can channel his energies into recreating his displays of yesteryear, he might fancy his chances of coming out on top of that one. Again, his car will play a key role. DON'T MISS...Max Verstappen's dad hits out at Pirelli and FIA for 'ruining' racesSergio Perez signs new Red Bull contractFIA rule error prompted Ferrari's call for Red Bull investigation    And at the start of next month, Hamilton will be back on home soil for the British Grand Prix at Silverstone. The 37-year-old has tasted glory at his home track on no fewer than eight occasions. So he certainly knows a thing or two about what it takes to succeed at the track. Hamilton’s Mercedes car is not the beast it once was. But Russell has illustrated that drivers can still do well in the Silver Arrows car. So if Hamilton can focus on the next three races and put in three big performances, he might just put some unexpected pressure on those at the top of the leaderboard over the next month. Stranger things have happened. 