Paul. who was also the Queen's personal footman in 1977 at the Silver Jubilee, spoke with Ranvir Singh on Thursday's Lorraine about what the Monarch would be doing in the lead up to the celebrations. He also discussed what the reaction would be like to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle reuniting with the Royal Family. He went on to say that the Queen "adores" her grandson Prince Harry. Ranvir began: "Harry and Megan are here, she sent her personal cars to pick them up. "She wants them here and she hasn't seen her great-great-grandchildren. "This is a big moment for the Queen and Harry... their personal relationship, isn't it?" READ MORE: Michael Le Vell age: How old is Coronation Street's Kevin Webster? Paul replied: "The Queen is very fond of Harry, she adores him and she always takes his calls and as a granny, she loves that little unit but she is the Queen as well." When asked what he was worried about regarding the Jubilee, Paul replied: "I'm worried about the media. "I'm worried about media focusing too much on Harry and Megan and the children rather than focusing on what is important is Her Majesty, this is her celebration. "Our Jubilee is the people's chance to say thank you for your devoted service to our country and we shouldn't be distracted from that." The ITV host went on to bring up the reports that Prince Harry and his brother Prince William have had a falling out. Referencing the Queen's wishes to reunite her family, Ranvir said: "The Queen wants this." "The Queen wants a smooth passage," Paul explained. "She doesn't like fuss and bother, she really doesn't. "She likes to take a backseat, she doesn't like rough waters, she doesn't like family conflict. So she wants to smooth this out." DON'T MISS...Stranger Things plot hole: How did Kali survive the lab massacre? [CAST]Coronation Street fans 'work out' Toyah's killer plan as Imran exits [REACTION]'Such bad taste' Vera's Brenda Blethyn details 'awful' acting role [INSIGHT] "But there will be a very cool atmosphere behind closed doors because of what's been said in the past," the former footman admitted as he spoke about Harry and Meghan's Oprah Winfrey interview. "You see, some members of the Royal Family have been burned by what Meghan and Harry have said, especially on Oprah and they don't like it." Issuing a warning about the Sussexes, Paul added: "And so they'll be very careful what is said now in front of them because they could take that back to America and make it part of our commercial platform and use it." Ranvir went on to speak about the Queen celebrating her Platinum Jubilee without her late husband, Prince Philip. "You are probably one of the only people we talk to regularly who has been up close to Her Majesty," the host said. Paul recalled: "I have travelled the world with her and when I was 18, she became my surrogate mother in a very strange way behind closed doors. "I used to think I wish my family could see this because she told me because I had a broad Derbyshire accent and she used to teach me English and how to speak properly. "She encouraged me to get married, she loved when we had children and she took a personal interest." Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV.