The Sovereign Grant Report has revealed a record annual payout for the expenses of the Royal Family for the 2021/22 financial year. Royal spending reached an all time high of £102.4 million, in part due to the refurbishment of Buckingham Palace. Despite the 17 percent increase on the 2020/21 annual royal expenditure, the cost of the Royal Family has been defended as the monarchy remains an essential asset to the “soft power” of Britain. The huge taxpayer contribution to the Royal Family has been contextualised alongside the significant contribution the monarchy generates for the UK economy.    Speaking on GB News, host Michelle Dewberry said: “Spending on the Royal Family reached a whopping £102.4 million last year, a report has revealed. “That is up 17 percent from last year and it is the first time that the spending has passed £100 million in a year. “A lot of the media are furious about this saying, of course, we’re in a cost of living crisis so why are we spending all this money? “One of the reasons it was so high is because it does include the cost for the renovation of Buckingham Palace. “Taxpayers contribute just over £86 million towards the Royal Family every single year, that’s £1.29 per person, per year, are they worth it?”    Charlotte Pickles, Director of the Reform think tank dedicated to the improvement of public service, suggested the royal expenditure should be assessed in the context of the profit generated by the Royal Family. Ms Pickles said: “People are focusing on the cost but not actually thinking about how much money the Royal Family bring into the exchequer. “There are all sorts of assessments of the additional value, from tourism, from tax that comes from all the sales of royal merchandise. “There was one assessment done in the five years running up to 2019, so just before the pandemic, that said that actually the overall value of the Royal Family in those five years was about £2.8 billion to the exchequer.” Read more: Kate and William's Jubilee trip was most expensive royal tour of year   The Director of Reform added: “Ultimately, they are a huge asset in terms of the soft power Britain has. “We saw that over the Jubilee. “The Royal Family were really bringing the nation together on this really positive experience. “I think they’re great, I think they’re definitely worth the money.” A number of significant events have contributed to the rise in royal spending, including significant reservicing of Buckingham Palace. Don't miss:Meghan and Harry should not be invited to Balmoral [ANALYSIS]Dr Shola explodes at Royal Family over Meghan inquiry [REVEAL]Prince Charles took over 20 private flights within the UK 'to avoid tr [INSIGHT] The Sovereign Grant Report acknowledged that members of the Royal Family had resumed a huge number of official engagements following the pandemic, adding significantly to travel costs. Keeper of the Privy Purse Sir Michael Stevens said: “The year covered in the report reflects some return to normality in many ways for the Royal Household.” He added: “The Reservicing Programme continued to be carefully managed to match projected funding, there was a significant increase in work against a hard deadline to enable Buckingham Palace to be at the centre of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations.” The Platinum Jubilee celebrations are expected to have generated a much-needed boost to the UK economy by increasing tourism and expenditure on products such as royal memorabilia. Read next:Queen strategy to prepare William for throne exposedQueen makes joke to her 'bodyguard' after breaking traditionSophie 'rescued' by Queen after scandals in early days of royal lifeSturgeon skewered over Queen meeting as she refuses to curtsyQueen Elizabeth dazzles in rose brooches worth £80k at Holyroodhouse