At the 1986 wedding of his uncle, Prince Andrew, to Sarah Ferguson, the Queen even had to sprint after her grandson to stop him running behind their carriage. Before he became the reserved and, seemingly at times, reluctant heir in-waiting, the pre-school Prince William was known for his strong will. It is perhaps that singlemindedness, honed and matured as he approaches his 40th birthday on Tuesday, that we begin to see in William again as he emerges with a new public confidence in his role as future king. The William of recent months is one we haven't truly witnessed before - a commanding Duke of Cambridge who appears to stand on a level playing field with his father, sharing decision-making. He is reportedly outlining his preferred style of monarchy as well, with fewer staff. A Duke impassioned in his causes, and one who a senior source claimed felt assured enough this week to advise the Queen he would not attend the Garter Day service at Windsor if his uncle, Prince Andrew, did so publicly. But if that comes as a surprise to us, it wouldn't have done to his mother. Princess Diana knew that behind the shyness, there was a big personality and a born king, privately remarking: "The country is very lucky to have him." Former BBC royal correspondent Jennie Bond said: "Diana said William felt the burden of his destiny, his kingship. It weighed heavily on his shoulders. He was realising he wasn't the master of his own destiny like the other boys at school." "But she said, 'I think William is all right.' That was her phrase. "I think she was seeing a level of maturity and gradual acceptance of this strange destiny. Diana saw back then what we are seeing now." She may also have been referring to the fiercely protective little boy she described as "my wise little old man", who watched his parents separate when he was 10, and who comforted her when she cried. He would later similarly guide his brother Harry after her tragic death, at the same time coping himself with "a pain like no other pain" as he later described his grief. Jennie added: "William has visibly grown in stature and maturity and he now acts like a future king." But a king who will do things his own way. The Queen and Charles have been very generous in the way they are treating William absolutely as an equal now." A proud husband to Kate and father to George, Charlotte and Louis, William remains very much a family man, on top of being a prince and heir. Royal biographer Ingrid Seward, said: "He is being given the opportunity to shine." And he is "ready to occupy" his role. A commemorative £5 coin will be minted with William's portrait to mark his birthday. The Duke himself is apparently finding the milestone "daunting".