Tennis sensation 19-year-old Emma Raducanu defeated Alison Van Uytvanck in the opening round of Wimbledon yesterday, 27 June. Emma Raducanu is the reigning champion of the US Open. And while the pro player stunned spectators with her skills yesterday at Wimbledon, she also dazzled them with her beautiful jewellery. Last September, the teen athlete became an ambassador for luxury jewellery brand Tiffany & Co. She joined the ranks of A-list celebs who have also represented the brand. READ MORE: Kate Middleton & Princess Eugenie appear in same dress weeks apart Some of these stars include Beyoncé, Jay-Z, and Tracee Ellis Ross. Yesterday she was kitted out in several pieces from the brand. These were the pearl teardrop earrings set in platinum, a matching bracelet and a classic white-gold Tiffany bangle - encrusted with diamonds, of course. Her earrings were suspected to be the Tiffany & Co. Pearl and Diamond Earrings. The official website sated that the piece was "inspired by the fire and radiance of our superlative diamonds" and has a "distinctly romantic sensibility". "South Sea cultured pearls elegantly complement the fiery radiance of platinum-set diamond earrings." While the incredible earrings are not currently available, they are retailed at a whopping £8,000. The necklace she paired this with appears to be the £2,750 Pendant. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice stunning in black and white for Royal Ascot  Emma fans are able to purchase this directly from the Tiffany website. Another accessory to her chic tennis outfit from Nike was Raducanu's classic gold bangle. This appears to be the T1 Wide Diamond Hinged Bangle. The official Tiffany & Co. website described the jaw-dropping piece: "Wrapped around the wearer in a continuous, unbroken circle, this hinged bangle features scintillating diamonds and a strong 'T' motif at the centre. "An evolution of a Tiffany icon, Tiffany T1 designs represent individual strength and perpetual power, worn outwardly to express what lies within." This majestic piece of jewellery would set diamond lovers back an extortionate £19,800. Her jewellery in total amounted to an eye-watering £30,550. Unsurprisingly, tennis fans took to Instagram to compliment not only the star's tennis skills but her stunning look. @born_stubborn_ stated: "And the queen announced her arrival in style."