Newcastle United are set to offer £35million to sign Bayer Leverkusen star Moussa Diaby, as doubts begin to creep in over the future of Allan Saint-Maximin. Diaby has been named as their 'top target' if Saint-Maximin does have his head turned by interested clubs. Saint-Maximin has been linked with both Chelsea and Tottenham this summer, with the Daily Mail reporting that the Frenchman is eyeing a salary increase. Before Saint-Maximin extended his deal at Newcastle, the Magpies were considering offloading the winger to raise funds for their spending this summer in their bid to bolster their squad. And while looking for alternatives Diaby was named their 'top target', and they could test the waters with a bid this summer. According to Sport1, Newcastle are readying an offer of £35m to tempt Leverkusen into a sale, even though the Frenchman is reportedly not for sale. But even with Diaby open to a move away from Germany, Newcastle may not be his preferred destination. JUST IN: Arsenal chief Edu may have secret weapon to beat Tottenham to £65m ace  The report goes on to suggest that Diaby has no interest in moving to Newcastle, and Leverkusen would want an offer closer to £50m to even begin talks. However, Leverkusen director of sport Simon Rolfes confirmed that they have no plans in place to sell any of their most-prized assets before the start of the 2022/23 campaign. Rolfes told Express Sport: "No, no. For sure we want to keep Moussa for as long as possible. I know a lot of scouts have been sitting on our tribune during our matches because we have a lot of interesting, exciting young players with high potential. "So, it's the same with Patrik Schick. We do not have any offers for him but we are not even looking for that at the moment. We would like to keep him and play with him next year in the Champions League."   But Diaby has opened the door for a potential approach from Paris Saint Germain, handing Newcastle yet another blow. Speaking at the beginning of June, Diaby said: "Paris is my training club, the club that taught me everything. I do not rule out a return. "If PSG is brought to contact me, I will think about it as for any other club but yes, inevitably the upcoming World Cup will be a factor for the transfer window. It will be a difficult choice but for the moment I am focused on the France team and I will settle down afterwards with my family and my agents." 