Nick Kyrgios was handed a point and game penalties in quick succession during a furious meltdown after losing the first set in his Stuttgart Open semi-final against Andy Murray. The Scotsman's triumph in their opening-set tiebreak prompted a livid reaction that didn't go unpunished. After a closely-fought first set, Murray won the first point of the tiebreak before Kyrgios hit the net to double his lead, with the Australian receiving a warning for ball violation shortly after for smashing a ball in frustration. The charismatic 27-year-old fought back later in the tiebreak, bringing it back to 4-4, but couldn't remain consistent, and Murray took it 7-5. He let his anger get the better of him as Murray walked to his courtside bench, smashing his racket for a point penalty. And Kyrgios' frustration first-set conclusion leaked into a disastrous start to the second. The Brit went on to break him in the opening game thanks to a double-fault. Kyrgios started verbally showcasing his fury, which earned him further punishment for unsportsmanlike conduct in the form of a game penalty, handing Murray a two-game lead. He didn't take it well, arguing with the umpire in response before a steward entered the court to calm him down. JUST IN: Murray beats Kyrgios in straight sets to reach Stuttgart Open final Kyrgios' meltdown was the start of the end of his Stuttgart Open campaign, and he collapsed in the second set, succumbing to a 7-6 6-2 defeat in 91 minutes. Murray will face Italian second seed Matteo Berrettini in Sunday's final after his 7-6 7-6 semi-final success against Oscar Otte. After defeating top-seed Stefanos Tsitsipas in straight sets in the quarter-finals, Murray will be full of confidence heading into his second Stuttgart final. If he is also victorious against Berrettini, he will be seeded in the Wimbledon draw ahead of his return to SW19 later this month. READ MORE: Nick Kyrgios stuns fans with 'martian' return against Basilashvili  Ahead of his win against Kyrgios and his Wimbledon campaign this summer, Murray explained that he doesn't have the same aims as another veteran in Rafael Nadal, who continues to pick up Grand Slam titles. But the former Wimbledon champion believes he can still compete at the highest level, and his form on the grass backs that up. He said: "For me, the past four or five years have been very different to [Nadal chasing titles], playing Challengers, and my ranking dropped. I feel like our situations are different, but ultimately the reasons I am still playing are because I love the game and because I still think I can compete right at the highest level."