Every driver knows that speed bumps can be a menace, especially when fuel prices skyrocket. The constant slowing down and acceleration negatively affect fuel consumption and lead to motorists spending much more money on petrol and diesel. However, there is a trick that allows drivers to improve their car’s fuel economy while driving on roads filled with the speed-limiting obstacles. According to experts at Euro Car Parts, many motorists are unaware that constantly driving at one speed through speed bump-filled roads can massively improve the fuel economy. They said: “Acceleration and deceleration whilst driving can mean extra fuel is used, and this includes driving over speed bumps, so learning how to properly tackle them could save motorists a lot of money. “Drivers can avoid unnecessary fuel consumption by driving at a constant speed and avoiding accelerating or braking too often in between speed bumps, which is when most fuel is used.” READ MORE: Petrol station causes traffic chaos after it offers discounted fuel The RAC’s Rebecca Jackson added: "To set any kind of fuel efficiency world record you have to be looking ahead as much as possible to pre-empt oncoming hazards. "This is a good general driving habit. "It’s all about keeping moving and not losing momentum. "Accelerating from being stopped is very costly in fuel consumption terms and so is going up any steep incline. DON'T MISS Drivers urged to stop using brakes to save fuel and prevent damage [ADVICE] Britain’s supermarkets accused of driving fuel prices up [INSIGHT] Driver has car seized after carrying a load that caved the roof in [SHOCKING] "If you can keep moving slowly rather than stopping in traffic that’s good, but you do have to be conscious of not being a pain to other drivers by leaving too much of a gap behind the car in front. "You need to listen to the engine to make sure you don’t use excessive revs but you need to use enough, so it’s a fine balance as you don’t want the car to be labouring too much either." The news comes as British motorists are facing record prices for petrol and diesel. Fuel prices hit record highs with motorists expected to pay 185.44p per litre of petrol and 191.21p per litre of diesel. The latest RAC Fuel Watch indicates that both prices are still likely to rise. The cost of filling up an average 55-litre family car went above £100 for the first time ever last week. And, the crisis is not showing any signs of slowing down. Several motorists reported that they even spotted some filling stations asking for over £2 for a litre of fuel. The RAC fuel spokesperson, Simon Williams, said: “More radical Government intervention is urgently needed, whether that’s in the form of a further reduction in fuel duty or a VAT cut. “As it is, drivers surely won’t be able to cope unless something is done to help. “This is fast becoming a national crisis for the country’s 32 million car drivers as well as countless businesses.” The AA fuel price spokesperson, Luke Bosdet, added: “Shock and awe is the only way to describe what has been happening at the pumps. “Little wonder that nearly half of drivers stayed at home for the jubilee extended bank holiday. “The forces behind the surge have been oil jumping back above £99 a barrel for the first time since late March, combined with petrol commodity prices being boosted by summer motoring demand.”