Saira (played by Kim Vithana) didn't have strong relationships with her two children, Imran Habeeb (Charlie De Melo) and Rana Habeeb (Bhavna Limbachia), but now she will never be able to rectify that as they are both dead. The Coronation Street matriarch's son was always the apple of her eye, especially when her daughter came out as a lesbian to her family, with her loved ones turning their back on her. With the ITV soap lawyer having died earlier this week and with viewers learning in Friday's instalment Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor) had a part to play in his death, coming face-to-face with her mother-in-law could lead her to tell the truth about what really happened. The hint about her return came at the beginning of the episode, in a scene which featured a grief-stricken Kelly Neelan (Millie Gibson). With the youngster having seen Imran as a father figure and having told the police how he had set up Abi Franklin (Sally Carman) to get custody of their son, she was devastated she might have put Toyah in the firing line. Sitting down with Gary Windass (Mikey North), she poured her heart out to him, to which he replied: "You know, they say only the good die young." "I just cannot stop thinking about his poor mum. As if losing Rana wasn't bad enough," Kelly commented, bringing Saira into the discussion. Although she hasn't been seen since Rana died, now would be a good time for the feisty character to come back and dig deeper into what Toyah is hiding. READ MORE: Vera's Aiden Healy confirms 'break' from series As the episode continued, it was revealed to viewers Toyah and Imran had been having an argument in the lead up to the crash. Although she told the police she had learnt the truth about Imran and Abi from Kelly, it turns out she had discovered he lied to her in the car. With the beloved character becoming more upset over the betrayal, she constantly took her eyes off the road and possible obstructions. Unfortunately, just as she told her husband she "hated him with all her heart", the car went ploughing into the scaffolding. The police had already confirmed there were no signs of the car breaks being used and so Toyah would be the reason Imran died. Over the coming weeks, the police will try to get this information out of Toyah as it seems she will be facing prison time. However, as her son's funeral day arrives, Saira could speak to Toyah further about Imran's final moments as she would have been with him. As the beloved character starts to become anxious and acts suspiciously, Saira could question her as to why this is. Feeling an immense sense of guilt, Imran's widow could turn around and tell her mother-in-law the truth, leaving Saira heartbroken. The matriarch's mission would be to ensure the police know this information but knowing the walls as closing in, Toyah could try to flee. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Harriet Bibby on 'important' storyline [COMMENT]Corrie star Adam Rickitt's wife Katy bids farewell to ITV colleague [COMMENT]Corrie's Simon Gregson reacts to 'awful' acting claim [COMMENT] This is why Spider Nugent (Martin Hancock) could also be returning to the show as he will help his former lover escape. Saira would be devastated if Toyah were to exit before the police were able to arrest her as once again, she wouldn't get justice for her child's demise. Although Gary was the one who caused Rana's death, the authorities eventually ruled Rick Neelan (Greg Wood) as the killer. Gary had concocted a story to put his victim in the frame, making it seem as if the loan shark had caused the Underworld Factory roof to collapse. With the loan shark dead, Saira would not have gotten justice for her daughter's death so history could be about to repeat itself. If Saira does return to the show, it will be the umpteenth time the actress who plays her, Kim, has had one of her characters appear in the weeknight serial drama. As well as playing the Habeeb siblings' mother, she has also held several, smaller roles on the programme. This included playing Frankie Stillman, the solicitor Mike Baldwin (Johnny Briggs) hired to get Deidre Barlow (Anne Kirkbride) out of prison. She also starred as Doctor Bannerjee in 2006, a psychiatrist who helped Claire Peacock (Julia Haworth) deal with her post-natal depression. Three years later, she featured as an unnamed paediatric doctor who assessed Simon Barlow (Alex Bain) after he was caught up in a fire. Until Saira confronts her daughter-in-law, it seems Toyah is going to have a lot on her plate as the actress who plays her, Georgia, has teased more drama to come. The soap star explained: "I feel like Toyah has been there for everyone else over the past couple of years and it's time for her to stand up for herself. "I've been a bit desperate for this revelation to come out – the bit of it that Toyah knows anyway – and it looks like she's finally reaching the end of her tether. "She's never going to be that 16-year-old again, the one who would have gone in and trashed The Kabin, but I think a bit more Battersby attitude from her is definitely a good thing," she told The Mirror. But how long will it be before the rest of the cobbles finds out her deadly secret? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.