Emma Raducanu has admitted she's 'stopped thinking about results' and doesn't know how she'll get on at Wimbledon after refusing to set herself any targets for the grass-court season. Following her second-round exit in the French Open, the British No 1 has been handed a wildcard into this week's Rothesay Open in Nottingham, where she'll face Viktorija Golubic on Tuesday. The tournament will form a critical part of her preparation for Wimbledon, the venue where she burst onto the scene in 2021. Then relatively unknown, she embarked on a run to the last-16, but was forced to withdraw from her tie with Ajla Tomljanovic, citing breathing difficulties. That September though, came her golden moment when she became the first qualifier in history to win a Grand Slam, beating fellow teenager Leylah Fernandez to claim the US Open at Flushing Meadows. The win elevated her to superstardom, and she was duly crowned BBC Sports Personality of the Year. However, she has since struggled to replicate her form in New York, also exiting in the second round of this season's Australian Open. And there has been background disruption with the star splitting with German coach Torben Belz in April, after just five months of the pair working together. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic 'cracking' as ex-tennis star points out one major change he's noticed But speaking to reporters in Nottingham, she outlined her progress in the past year: “I’m quite proud of what I’ve achieved in the last 12 months and definitely not being too hard on myself," she replied. I’m just really enjoying my time and really believing in the work I’m doing day in, day out, and I know that it’ll come sometime. The grass season is going to be a lot of fun.” However, when asked how competitive she will be on grass, and ultimately at SW19, the 19-year-old sounded caution: "I love the grass but there are so many good players in the draw, and it is dependent on so many things, the form on the day, how you match up against your opponent and so on." DON'T MISS:Novak Djokovic's coach makes Wimbledon prediction after Rafael Nadal's French Open triumphRafael Nadal French Open glory causes tennis greats to change Novak Djokovic GOAT verdictRafael Nadal to have 'procedure' this week as French Open winner discusses Wimbledon plans  And she added she wouldn't be fretting over positive results: “I mean, results at this point, I kinda stopped thinking about it because there is no use in doing that. Because if you’re doing the right thing then it [wins] will follow.” As for her coaching situation, Raducanu insisted she wouldn't be hurried into a new appointment. "I’ve still got the same, good people around me and I’m not rushing into anything right now." she added.