Louise has taken on the role of Mary Goskirk on Emmerdale, the no-nonsense mother of established character Rhona Goskirk (played by Zoe Henry). In upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, the matriarch will open up about her sexuality, telling her daughter she is a lesbian and always has been. It has been known the actress has been married in the past but fans might want to know if she is currently in a relationship. Whilst filming for Bergerac in Jersey between 1985 and 1990, Louise met the man who would become her husband, Martin Bedford. Her suitor was an artist and the pair fell in love before they walked down the aisle in 1990, which was the beginning of their married life together. They tied the knot in an idyllic setting as the ceremony took place in a church near to Louise's cottage home in Tunbridge Wells in Kent. Martin became a stepfather to the actress's two sons, whilst also having children of his own from a previous marriage. Unfortunately, seven years into married life, the couple decided to part ways as they realised the last 12 months of their relationship had been a struggle. READ MORE: Rod Stewart almost pulled out of Jubilee concert 'Had no voice' At the time of the divorce, Louise spoke candidly about the break-up, which came before Christmas of 1997 and after Martin went to live abroad for a few months after they had separated. Louise explained: "It got to the stage where had we continued living together we'd have been in real danger of losing that love entirely. "We became careless of one another's feelings and no longer put each other first. I'm an incurable romantic. I love intimate suppers, cards and flowers, all of that. "I will never regret marrying Martin because he made me happy for such a long time. "Perhaps I'm difficult to live with, but I can't compromise my feelings. When things start to slip away I think, `Right let's work at it'. And if things still don't work, I see no point in carrying on." The actress also spoke about how she felt in the initial months after the divorce, adding: "There were some things I did miss, particularly the sharing of trivia. "You know, those moments when you've come back from work and you say, `You'll never guess what he said, or what she said.' "It's that hour couples keep for gossiping with one another. "The pangs of loneliness come and go. They can strike you at four in the morning when you realise you're alone in bed, or out of the blue while you're walking the dog on a Sunday afternoon. "But most of all I miss the laughter," the soap star said in an interview with The Mirror. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charley Webb left drained over 'hellish' family problem [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Joe Tate star's transformation in new pics with girlfriend [PICTURES]Emmerdale’s Rosie Bentham pleads for co-star’s return 'A lot of drama' [COMMENT] However, landing the role of Rosa Di Marco in EastEnders in the months after the divorce helped to distract Louise from her relationship woes. Due to the support of her sons and her co-stars on the set of the BBC soap was the mother of two able to move on from the split from her husband. It is thought, at the moment, the actress is currently single as she has not spoken of being in a relationship with anyone else. In an article she wrote for the Daily Mail 10 years ago, she addressed one of the reasons why she thought she might not have a partner. At the time, she wrote: "I absolutely love chickpeas and anything to do with them: hummus, chickpea casserole or chickpea curry." "I’m a pescatarian — meaning I don’t eat any animals except fish — so they’re a fantastic source of protein and a real staple food," she continued. "I could live on them and pretty much do — I eat them almost every day. "My male friends say the reason why I haven’t got a fella at the moment is because all I eat is hummus and mackerel!" However, the actress does enjoy family life with her two sons and grandchildren and does often speak about them in interviews. In 2020, she discussed what it was like for her two boys growing up knowing their mother was starring in shows on television. Louise said: "They are often asked what it was like growing up with a famous mum. "I think it probably worked to their advantage, especially when they were teenagers and I was in EastEnders – I think that gave them a bit of kudos. “My second grandchild, Hugo, will almost definitely be a performer somewhere down the line – he likes making people laugh, putting on make-up, and he adores a camera.” It is yet to be seen whether Louise's character Mary is going to get a love interest following her revelation in upcoming scenes so viewers should keep their eyes peeled. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.