BBC presenter Sue Barker hit back at colleague John McEnroe after he said it was a "bummer" for the Brits at Wimbledon yesterday (June 29). Defending British tennis players, the 66-year-old told him: "Brits are doing well!" despite Andy Murray and Emma Raducanu both being knocked out early. Sue asked: “What did you think of Katie Boulter out there? I tell you what, she served that out well.” “She had a bigger serve than I realised and she rose to the occasion,” John remarked. “Plíšková completely lost her confidence. I don’t want to take anything away from Boulter but that’s a Wimbledon final as to who we sort of anticipated, well ‘What about it her and Serena went at it in the third round?’ “Now, I don’t know what happened with Tan, did she win?” he continued, referencing the French star. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: viewers left in tears after ‘emotional’ audition Sue explained: “She was a set up, she won the first set. She was out on court 17.” John continued: “Plíšková/Williams, now we have Tan/Boulter, potentially, but that just shows you’ve got to go out and play. “I credit her because yesterday was a bummer of a day for the Brits,” John remarked. “So for her to be able to bounce back and reenergise the crowd was awesome.” Sue hit back: “Listen, the Brits are doing well!”  They are?” asked John as Sue confirmed: “They are, we will have a look at some. We’ll talk more about this match in a minute but let’s talk more about what’s happening outside.” Sue then directed attention to court two where Harriet Dart was playing against the US’s Jessica Pegula. It was currently one set all when they reviewed footage of the women playing.    After the match, Katie Boulter fought back tears on the Centre Court after her incredible win. The 25-year-old secured the biggest win of her career to date as she went up against last year’s runner-up Karolina Pliskova.Giving her victory speech, she told watchers she was dedicating the win to her late grandmother, who passed away two days ago. Putting her hands up to her eyes, the tennis star said: “I'm probably going to get emotional.    Katie said: “My Gran passed away two days ago and I'd just like to dedicate that to her today." The young athlete laughed when she was asked how it felt to reach her first Grand Slam third round as the audience burst into applause. She said: "Honestly, it's a dream come true for me. “I've hopefully got many more matches to play and if I can have you guys behind me for those then hopefully I can go a long way so thank you so much.”  