Michael Buble and his wife Luisana Lopliato are expecting their fourth child in the coming months. In a recent interview, the Canadian hitmaker described the chaotic family scenes as he opened up about his family life. Michael, 46, and his other half Luisana, 35, are already parents to their three children, eight-year-old son Noah, six-year-old son Elias and three-year-old daughter Vida. The performer shared an insight into his home life and admitted it can be chaotic times with a lot of screaming between three children. As the couple eagerly await the arrival of their fourth child, host Sofie Formica quizzed the Feeling Good hitmaker if this will change the dynamic of his family life. "Congratulations on a number four by the way," host Sofie remarked. "That changes the dynamics of a family." READ MORE: Piers Morgan takes pop at 'stinking' Glastonbury Festival revellers Michael chuckled: "We're starting a hockey team. It does [change the dynamic]. "It's nuts. But our house is filled with a lot of love and it's chaos." He went on: "A lot of screaming. A lot of noise. A lot of mess. A lot of energy. "But you know what... there's so much love and I'm so blessed I don't even know what to say." Elsewhere, Michael recently shared that legendary singer Sir Elton John, 75, had reached out to the musician despite them not knowing each other well. It comes after their eldest son Noah was diagnosed with liver cancer in 2016. Following the news, the Canadian hitmaker immediately cancelled his tour and all of his music plans during chemotherapy and radiotherapy treatments. The Just Haven't Met You Yet hitmaker revealed that the Rocket Man would call his family home every Sunday without fail. DON'T MISS... Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen vows to wear 'inappropriate clothing'[LATEST]Kirstie Allsopp says show was stopped after Prince William's arrival[ROYALS]Piers Morgan takes pop at 'stinking' Glastonbury Festival revellers[TWITTER] Michael opened up about Elton's generosity ahead of the veteran musician's birthday in March. The star revealed that when his oldest son Noah was battling liver cancer Elton would always check up on the singer and his child. The Grammy winner told Magic Radio Breakfast: “I didn’t know him and he called me every single Sunday. Every single Sunday he would call to tell me that he and David were praying for me and that they loved us and would send toys. "That’s who he is, that’s who he really is, so Happy Birthday Sir Elton, thank you.” Noah, who was only three-years-old at the time of his diagnosis, then went through a brutal period of chemotherapy to try and rid him of the disease. In a joint Facebook statement at the time, Michael and his wife Luisana admitted that they were “devastated,” but vowed that they would win the upcoming “battle”. Thankfully for the family, and to the relief of the fans, it seemed that after initial treatment Noah was overcoming his condition. The singer's eldest child has fully recovered from cancer and is back to full health.