No matter how careful you are, oven baking trays always seem to end up with burnt-on residue that only gets more and more stuck with each successive use. This can cause the baking tray to look discoloured and dirty, and can even create an unsanitary environment on which to cook food. While it may seem like an unsightly baking tray is hopelessly soiled beyond the point of no return, there are some simple methods for how to clean oven trays, all involving items that you likely already have in your home. Before you know it, it'll become one of the easiest parts of the kitchen cleaning routine and you'll have sparkling clean baking trays once again. Olly Cavner, Resident Services Manager at Essential Living, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk on cheap and effective ways to clean oven trays. The best part of these methods for how to clean oven trays is that there is no need for special equipment or expensive cleaners. Most of what is needed to clean baking trays, you probably already have in the cupboard. Whilst there are numerous ways to clean oven trays, the “most interesting” is to use either baking soda or soda crystals with white vinegar, according to Olly. He said: “There are several ways to tackle the grease and dirt that builds up on oven trays. READ MORE: How to clean washing machine seals with white vinegar - ‘best way’ “One of the most interesting combinations you can use is soda crystals or baking soda, mixed with white vinegar and a scourer. “With this method, start by covering the inside of the tray with soda crystals (but you can use baking soda instead if you can't find them). “After this, pour the white vinegar over the top. The vinegar and the baking soda will react, causing the solution to fizz up.” Baking soda, also known as sodium bicarbonate, is a chemical compound with the formula NaHC03. The fine white powder is commonly used as a raising agent for baking cakes and other food items. However, more people are using it around their homes as it’s cheap, natural and often found in the back of the cupboard. DON'T MISS: How to achieve the ‘best results’ when pruning blueberry bushes [TIPS]What to ‘never’ do with a paddling pool if you want to protect lawns [INSIGHT]‘Natural and effective ways’ to repel flies from homes using scents [EXPERT] As previously mentioned, soda crystals can also be used as an “effective” method to dissolve any fat molecules, which in turn will help make it easier to lift the grease from the surface of the tray. Olly continued: “Next, using the scourer, give the tray a quick scrub and make sure to get it on the edges too. “Leave the solution to work its magic for 30 minutes.” Once fully soaked, empty the solution from the tray and give the tray a really good scrub until all dirt is removed. Those who do not have white vinegar can opt to use apple cider vinegar. Olly explained: “Another proven method you can use is apple cider vinegar or white wine vinegar. “First, pour boiling water on the tray, leave for a minute and then pour it out. “Keep the tray wet and sprinkle a decent amount of bicarbonate of soda onto the tray wherever you want to clean. “Make sure it is baking soda and not baking powder, as soda is far stronger and will be much more effective.” Because of the chemical differences between baking powder and bicarbonate of soda, baking powder isn’t a very good substitute for soda when trying out a new cleaning hack. Bicarbonate of soda makes a really effective and natural cleaning product. Baking powder is designed for baking and isn’t as effective at cleaning. So leave your baking powder in the cupboard, and grab your trusty bicarb to try these five cleaning hacks. Olly continued: “Then, add a layer of salt on top of the baking soda (coarse sea salt will work best for this). Put white wine vinegar or apple cider vinegar into a spray bottle, and spray the tray over the bicarb and salt." The expert pointed out that if the solution starts to fizz, it means that it is working. Then, using a heavy-duty scourer or steel wool, scrub away as hard as you can, according to Olly. He added: “If your trays are just metal and don’t have any special coating, screwed-up tin foil will work nicely. “As you scrub for a good 10 minutes, the ingredients in the tray should form a rough paste. “Once this has happened, wash it away. Repeat if you haven’t removed as much dirt as you wanted.”