Manchester United target Frenkie de Jong has hinted at potentially staying at Barcelona by answering a question on Robert Lewandowski. The Netherlands international is Erik ten Hag’s top target at Old Trafford. However, while that’s the case, the prospect of a reunion isn’t set in stone. Manchester United want to land a new midfielder to compensate for the departures of Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic, with both players leaving on free transfers. And De Jong has emerged as their priority, with the 25-year-old previously playing under Ten Hag at Ajax. Last week, it was suggested United had been successful when it comes to convincing the Barcelona star to move to the Premier League. But while speculation has mounted, it’s still unclear where De Jong’s future really lies. Now, on international duty, De Jong was asked about Barcelona potentially signing Lewandowski. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer And he talked up the Poland international by saying: "He's an amazing player, one of the best in the world. “It's up to him [on deciding his future amid links to Barcelona].” Then, De Jong also hinted that he’d love to play alongside Lewandowski at Barcelona amid talk the Bayern Munich striker is set to move to La Liga. "Of course I would like to have Lewandowski in my team,” he added. Barcelona are hopeful of signing Lewandowski, who has gone public with his desire to leave Barcelona behind. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links But, like United with De Jong, it’s very much a move in the balance at the current moment in time. Bayern are adamant he won’t be allowed to depart, with chief such as Oliver Kahn and Hasan Salihamidzic both insisting he’ll stay. Barcelona need to raise funds for any move, too, which is why De Jong’s future at the club is so up in the air. United have also been put forward as potential suitors for Lewandowski amid their desire to sign a new striker. With Cristiano Ronaldo approaching the twilight years of his career, and Edinson Cavani now gone, the Bayern star is apparently on their radar. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz However, De Jong certainly seems to be their No 1 target. And United are set to make a definitive decision on the player soon, with Ten Hag wary of wasting time and seeing other targets go elsewhere. Speaking recently, meanwhile, former Tottenham star Rafael van der Vaart was asked about De Jong. And he urged his compatriot to leave the Nou Camp behind, saying: "I will explain to you why Frenkie is so good at the National Team, because he's the only midfielder with these type of qualities here and he does what he wants. “At Barca there is Pedri, Gavi, Busquets and so on. All of a sudden he starts adjusting again. "At Manchester United it will be just like at the national team, being the only one with his type of qualities. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I would move to Manchester United if I was him, just do it!" If De Jong does move to United, he’ll become their sixth signing from La Liga since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. Under Louis van Gaal, the Red Devils brought in Ander Herrera, Angel Di Maria and Victor Valdes. In 2016, Jose Mourinho signed Eric Bailly from Villarreal to kickstart his own time at Old Trafford. And, since then, United have also proceeded to raid Real Madrid for Raphael Varane - with the World Cup winner joining last year.