Both Manchester United and Tottenham have expressed interest in signing Christian Eriksen this summer, with the Red Devils already making the star an offer. But the Denmark international once made a promise to Tottenham, and it could be the difference this summer. Eriksen became a star at Tottenham, and fans are already dreaming of an unlikely return for their former midfielder under Antonio Conte. But it is United that are believed to have made the first formal approach for the 30-year-old, after his six-month deal at Brentford expired. The midfielder was offered a route back into football by the newly promoted Premier League side in January, after Eriksen suffered a cardiac arrest last summer. And the Dane discovered his former form, and his return has been one of the major success stories within the sport as he looks set to re-sign for a 'big six' club. But after Eriksen made a promise to Daniel Levy back in 2017, United could be snubbed for Tottenham. READ MORE: Christian Eriksen 'makes decision on Brentford future' amid Tottenham and Man Utd interest Five years ago Eriksen was wanted by United while he began to shine at Tottenham, but the midfielder promised to never move to another Premier League club. Of course, that was broken when he joined Brentford, but due to the context of the situation I think it's fair to assume that he wasn't held accountable for that decision. But now that he is back to his best, his earlier words to Levy could come into play, and it could stump United who are actively chasing midfielders. The likes of Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard, Nemanja Matic and Juan Mata have all left Old Trafford, and it's an area that Erik ten Hag needs to strengthen. READ MORETottenham 'to make £26m swap deal bid' for Alessandro Bastoni in final transfer attemptChristian Eriksen 'makes decision on Brentford future' amid Tottenham and Man Utd interestTottenham chief Fabio Paratici 'already held January talks' over discreet summer deal Eriksen snubbed United years ago, and there's no reason why he won't do the same again this summer. Conte is a big admirer of the midfielder, as he signed him for Inter Milan back in 2020 - and after already signing former star Ivan Perisic on a free deal this summer there's no reason why he won't do the same with Eriksen. And their entry back into the Champions League may have helped their case, as a potential move looks very attractive for Eriksen with Conte beginning to rebuild the club. Although Eriksen forced a move away in 2020, he still holds a lot of love for Tottenham. But although he is out of contract, Eriksen is still staying tight-lipped on his future, and after Denmark played Austria the midfielder said he is taking his time to decide where to play next season. "There are many criteria and many different things inside such a decision. "Sometimes it goes fast in football, other times a little slower. You are not in control of it yourself. I have to make the best decision and not rush anything through. My phone stays on, but I also know my agent well enough to know that he only calls if there's something exciting." Tottenham have already signed Perisic this summer, and the loan deals for both Dejan Kulusevski and Cristian Romero will be made permanent. Djed Spence is also on their radar, and they've agreed a £30million fee with Brighton for midfielder Yves Bissouma. There is lots of competition for places under the Conte rebuild, something that Tottenham haven't experienced for a while. But with a Champions League campaign coming up, the experience of Eriksen could be vital.