Netflix’s hit Australian drama Surviving Summer came to an end earlier this month with a jaw-dropping cliffhanger. As fans await renewal news from bosses, actress Lilliana Bowrey who starred as Poppy Tetanui dropped a major teaser about the highly anticipated season two.  Following its premiere, Surviving Summer became a surprise hit for Netflix, as viewers became enthralled by the ten-episode series. The drama followed the life of a Brooklyn teen, Summer Torress (played by Sky Katz) who was sent to live with her aunt in a remote part of Australia. Although she was adamant about hating the town of Shorehaven, Sky eventually developed a passion for surfing and fell in love with the town, while making friends. However, Sky was forced to make a tough decision when faced with the option of moving back to New York and leaving behind her new life and boyfriend Ari Gibson (Kai Lewins). READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series As viewers devoured the show and became intertwined with the love story and laughter the series provided, many wondered if it would return for a second season. While bosses have yet to confirm its renewal or cancellation, Poppy star Lilliana Bowrey dropped a major teaser. Taking to Instagram, the actress posted a cast photo alongside a lengthy caption for fans. Even though the series has released its finale, she admitted: “This still hasn’t sunk in yet.  “If you told 5yr old me that me learning to surf would lead me to become an actress in a TV series shown around the world and I would meet my second family and best friends for life, I would have never believed it!” She added: “Thank you so much for all the love and support. “I don’t know if there will be a second season as yet (it’s only been 6 days since release) but if the world keeps watching and loving the show surely there’s a high chance there will be one right?!.” Fans agreed as they took to her comment section pleading for a second season.  DON'T MISS...Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser [INSIGHT]Joao Gabriel Marinho age: How old is Surviving Summer star? [INSIGHT]Where is Surviving Summer filmed? [INSIGHT] Including @sheeshkaylie who wrote: “Well, you have my vote for a second season, it can't just end like that.” A desperate @michielle_17 commented: “We need a second season! I’ve watched the show like 5 times.” A third fan @skatesurfoutline added: “This series was sooo cool, I want a season 2.” While @erinrichmond2008 wished: “Let’s hope so!”  @kileighh.mariee stated: “Fingers crossed that we get a second season, you guys deserve it. All of you are so talented and made the show what it is, amazing.” Another viewer @fernanda_aisha shared: “I hope so much that have second season!!!! you guys deserve the best.” Although bosses have yet to speak out about a potential second instalment, Surviving Summer secured a spot on Netflix’s Top 10 list, which usually confirms demand for the show. However, fans will have to stay tuned to see whether Summer will choose between Australia or New York. Surviving Summer is available on Netflix. 