You wouldn’t guess from this that, in fact, her SNP government has spent the past 15 years in charge. And what a terrible job of it they have made. Nor would you realise from her remarks that it has not even been eight years since the “once in a generation” vote to decide the issue – which gave the answer “No” to independence by a clear and decisive margin.  They won’t get much attention – quite conveniently for her – due to the First Minister’s latest constitutional posturing, but a series of telling official stats were published yesterday. We had the figures for A&E waiting times, which are dire and getting worse. And for cancer treatment times, where the SNP has not met its own targets for more than a decade. We’ve seen new figures showing violent crime is now at its highest level since Ms Sturgeon became First Minister. Sexual crimes are now at their highest level. Under the SNP, Scotland has the worst drug deaths in Europe; more than three times that of the rest of the UK. The SNP recently unveiled a spending review, after discovering a huge hole in the finances over which they have been in charge since 2007. As a result, Scotland faces savage cuts to public services and the loss of an estimated 17,000 jobs. All of that was caused by their own economic incompetence. Schools, roads, the courts, the emergency services and a host of other vital frontline resources that ordinary Scots depend on will be frozen or have huge real terms cuts. They have poured hundreds of millions into ferries that are years late – and there’s still no sign of them sailing for years yet. They nationalised ScotRail, and the timetable was immediately slashed while complaints from passengers flooded in. And none of this has anything to do with Westminster, as the First Minister so shamelessly claims. It’s all been caused by an SNP so distracted by its monomania over independence that it doesn’t deliver on the everyday tasks of government.  DON'T MISS Putin humiliated as Russian ammunition train derails [REPORT] Lithuania under 'major cyberattack' from Russia [REVEAL] Putin gets desperate and turns to 'Soviet-era' missile [INSIGHT]  The real priorities of Scotland’s people have been ignored and money has been slashed from key local services. But the SNP can find £20 million to run a referendum that the Scottish population doesn’t even want. And this despite the fact that – as she admitted in her own statement yesterday – it’s not clear whether such a poll would be legal. It was typical that the First Minister declared that, if the Supreme Court rules that it is, that settles the matter, but that if it doesn’t, that would be obstruction by Westminster. Because the Nationalists clearly think that if you want something enough, you can ignore reality. You can pretend that the largest block grant from Westminster ever doesn’t really matter. Or that the SNP’s inability to balance the books or perform basic government tasks is somehow an argument for independence. You can ignore all your own failures and blame them on Westminster. You can ignore the answer given by a resounding majority of Scots, and just ask the question again until you get the answer you want. Meanwhile, the Scottish Conservatives will get on with what Scottish voters really care about. Tackling crime. Improving education. Sorting out transport. Cutting waiting lists. Delivering help to deal with the global cost of living crisis. Getting our businesses back on their feet. It’s a shame the SNP care more about a referendum than actually tackling Scotland’s problems ­– especially when they created so many of them.  Donald Cameron is Scottish Conservative Shadow Cabinet Secretary for the Constitution, External Affairs and Culture 