One way this could be nipped in the bud would be to give employers the right to withdraw pay for double the length of time workers go on strike. When I worked in the postal system strikes were generally called Monday to Friday, so workers could go back on Saturday for time-and-a-half pay, and Sunday for double time and didn't lose out financially. With the Tory majority, these dinosaur rules should be changed. Unacceptable behaviour should not be rewarded. Did we really expect the plan to process migrants in Rwanda to go smoothly?, asks Keith Baker, from Todmorden, West Yorkshire. The lawyers will now be battling each other at our expense. If other countries had decided these migrants were leaving they would be on the plane and gone. How pathetic this country has become, with so-called legal rights for illegal migrants. Priti Patel should get on with strengthening our borders and keeping them out, then there would be no need to transfer anyone to Rwanda. I really don't know how this country's economy is even ticking over, with rail chaos looming and all the other problems we are having, but the working from home brigade are exacerbating the situation, says Victoria Fowles, from Weybridge, Surrey. Conversation dips in and out on mobile phones when staff have one hand holding a sandwich and an eye on Netflix. Emails are taking days to be acknowledged, let alone being answered. Employees need to embrace the work ethic and get on with the job they are paid to do or before long this country will simply grind to a halt. Health Secretary Sajid Javid is saying he will get the right managers into the right positions within the NHS to solve the latest problems, says Keith Woods, from Manchester. But who is going to be held responsible for employing the wrong managers in the first place? We have had wars in Syria, Iran, Iraq, Bosnia, Vietnam and many other places around the world, yet fuel prices have never reached the levels they are now, says Jim Evans, from Brighton, East Sussex. This is a commodities traders rip-off, supported by governments.