Manchester United remain on the prowl when it comes to securing the signing of Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong. The Netherlands international is being pursued by John Murtough, who is hoping to deliver for Erik ten Hag at the first time of asking. Express Sport will now take a look at five players who could follow the 25-year-old to Old Trafford as the Red Devils look to overhaul their squad. United had, until recently, hoped to secure the arrival of Jurrien Timber from Ajax. But the Netherlands international is now likely to stay in Amsterdam amid doubts over whether a move to the Premier League, at this stage, would be right for him. With that being the case, United have Pau Torres on their list of potential alternatives. The Villarreal star was of interest to Ole Gunnar Solskjaer 12 months ago, with the Norwegian eventually opting to land Raphael Varane instead. And United, given how much information they’ve compiled on the Spain international, could make a move over the next few weeks. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez De Jong is United’s priority. But they’re also pushing to secure the arrival of Christian Eriksen, too, who is currently a free agent after his Brentford contract expired. The Denmark international has been linked with Tottenham but Antonio Conte’s team, at present, have other fish to fry. Eriksen is also on the radars of Newcastle, Brighton, West Ham and Brentford - who haven’t given up hope of keeping the 30-year-old. But United, given their status as one of the world’s richest and most powerful clubs, now seem to be frontrunners when it comes to sealing a deal. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen This summer, United also want a new full-back. Aaron Wan-Bissaka has been deemed surplus to requirements, having struggled for consistency at Old Trafford during his three years at the club. And the Red Devils are ready to listen to offers for Brandon Williams, too, despite the defender doing well at Norwich City amid a turbulent campaign at Carrow Road. United have emerged as potential suitors for Denzel Dumfries. And he’d be a shrewd addition to the team, especially when you consider how impressive he was for the Netherlands at the European Championships last summer. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team United know they need to address the issues on the right side of their attack. Not since a young Cristiano Ronaldo have the Red Devils had a specialist in that position, with the likes of Angel Di Maria, Alexis Sanchez and Jadon Sancho all failing to live up to their billing. Ten Hag, during his time at Ajax, helped Antony establish himself as one of the best young forwards in the world. And he’s another player who has been heavily linked with a move to the Premier League as a result. Ajax have insisted they won’t allow Ten Hag to cherry-pick their best players but money talks - and United, even without Champions League football, have plenty of that. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez United have already missed out on one South American in the form of Darwin Nunez. But, in Evanilson, they have another under consideration. It was claimed earlier in the week that United had seen a bid of £55million turned down by Porto, who are determined to keep hold of their prized asset. But with the Red Devils apparently unwilling to give up on the 22-year-old, it’s possible he’ll move to Old Trafford after scoring over 20 goals last season. United want a new striker to ease the goalscoring burden on Cristiano Ronaldo - and Evanilson may be the perfect fit.