The popular NBC crime drama returned this year after a staggering 12 years away from screens. Several key members of the Law and Order cast made their return, including Kevin Bernard star Anthony Anderson. However, the series has also undergone some huge shake-ups in the last two decades, and the upcoming 22nd instalment will be no different. NBC has confirmed actor Mehcad Brooks will be joining the cast of Law and Order next season. He’ll be replacing regular cast member Anthony, who opted not to return as Detective Bernard after reprising his role in season 21. Anthony came back to the series after more than 10 years, having originally joined the series in season 18. He originally signed a one-year deal to support Dick Wolff’s 2022 relaunch of the original NBC crime hit and has decided not to continue. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Hope returns as he takes revenge on Samson Mehcad’s new role is shrouded in mystery, as no character name or details have been released just yet. After the news was announced on Tuesday, Mehcad took to his personal Instagram account to thank NBC for the opportunity to join one of the biggest shows in the US. “I’m humbled, honoured, grateful and invigorated by this,” he wrote. “Stick to your manifestations, believe in yourself and keep the faith that you will be acknowledged for your hard work.” “Thank you to my incredible team, my family, friends, the producers, network, studio and fans. Asé.” The actor is best known for his recent roles in the most recent Mortal Kombat film, as well as portraying James Olsen in The CW’s Supergirl. His new post received several supportive comments from his famous followers. Mortal Kombat co-star Max Huang said: “Well deserved brother.” DON'T MISS:Stranger Things plot hole: Creators admit major Will mistake [BLUNDER]Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly tried to axe Beth’s wedding dress [INSIGHT]Blocco 181: Salmo didn’t include new music in Italian drama [EXCLUSIVE] American rapper Michael Franti commented: “YESSSS!!! Now I can watch the show again!” And actress Rachael Leigh Cook wrote: “Best watch out, fictional criminals!!” (sic) Mehcad’s other credits include A Fall from Grace, About Last Night, the drama series Necessary Roughness and a one-episode appearance in Law and Order: Special Victims Unit back in 2011. He’ll be joining returning cast members Sam Waterston, Jeffrey Donovan, Camryn Manheim, Hugh Dancy and Odelya Halevi. Season 22 will kick off with a good head start after the 10-episode 21st outing wrapped up last month. The season premiere, The Right Thing, attracted nearly 13 million total viewers when it aired on February 24. An official release date for season 22 has yet to be confirmed, but NBC has assured viewers the premiere will happen at some point in 2022. It will also be followed by the new season of its popular spin-off, Law and Order: SVU, whose 23 seasons so far make it the longest-running primetime drama in US history. Law and Order season 22 will air in the USA on NBC later this year. A UK release date has yet to be announced.