Boxing star Deontay Wilder has predicted who will win the heavily-anticipated rematch between Anthony Joshua and Oleksandr Usyk. The Ukrainian won the WBA, IBF and WBO world titles after a stunning victory over AJ at the Tottenham Hotspur stadium last year. The Brit is determined to reclaim his championship belts but faces a monumental challenge, one which the Bronze Bomber does not think he will overcome. Giving his thoughts on the second fight, Wilder told ESNews: “I’m going with Usyk here man. “I’m going with Usyk. I think a lot of people are. It’s boxing at the end of the day, so we’ll see, but I think it’s Usyk.” After the first fight last year, Wilder was asked if he was surprised by the result and told BT Sport: “I wasn’t at all, I wasn’t at all. “Malik Scott always talks about Usyk and how skilful he is. Especially coming up from cruiserweight. He definitely had his struggles in the heavyweight division with Chazz Witherspoon and Derek Chisora. But styles make fights and with Joshua, he just had his number at that point in time.” JUST IN: Anthony Joshua 'doesn't know what sportswashing is' as he admits he 'likes' Saudi Arabia   Wilder has not fought since losing his epic trilogy heavyweight title bout with Tyson Fury last year. The American produced a valiant performance but was ultimately knocked out in the eleventh round. It is unclear when he will return to the ring, and the man himself did not give a definitive answer. “I may come back, I may not! I’m having such a great time outside of the ring and I make more money outside of the ring than in it,” Wilder added. When giving his thoughts on the Usyk vs Joshua rematch, Tyson Fury shared the same opinion as his old foe. He told Gareth A Davies: “Joshua can obviously land a big punch, but I just think that Usyk’s too cute for him. Too smart, too quick, and a southpaw. DON'T MISS  “And I think that [new coach] Robert Garcia trying to train him to be on the front foot or whatever and be aggressive will only enable Usyk to land more often. “I just don’t see it, but then again, what do I know? Nothing about boxing. I’m heavyweight champion of the world, undefeated all of that stuff. “I just think Usyk’s too good of a boxer for AJ and I don’t think AJ’s got the ability to pressurise him for 12 rounds, drag him into a dog fight and knock him out.” 