The long awaited announcement today is about fulfilling Boris Johnson's pledge to "get Brexit done", and precedes the Brexit Freedoms Bill which will see EU red tape removed once and for all from Britain to make life easier for businesses and consumers. Mr Rees-Mogg told MPs: "The United Kingdom’s uncoupling from the rules, regulations and institutions of Brussels was never simply about the moment of our departure: the act of Brexit was not an end in itself but the means by which our country will achieve great things." He said he had received a "vast" amount of ideas from members of the public on scrapping red tape and thanked readers of the Sunday Express. The minister, who was a leading figure in the Leave campaign, promised that the reforms would help bring down the cost of living but still "preserve the highest standards." Mr Rees-Mogg promised that the "fundamental reforms" would "undoo the vandalism" committed by 50 years of interference by Brussels bureaucrats. He went on: "Now that we have left the European Union, the sovereignty of Parliament has been restored and we are free once again to legislate, regulate, or deregulate as this sovereign Parliament redux pleases. As we maximise the benefits of Brexit and transform the UK into the most sensibly regulated economy in the world, we must reform the EU law we have retained on our Statute Book. Only through reform of this retained EU Law will we finally be able to untangle ourselves from nearly 50 years of EU membership." The new digital dashboard, he said: " I am pleased to announce that today we publish an authoritative catalogue of over 2,400 pieces of legislation, spanning over 300 individual policy areas. "This catalogue will be available on GOV.UK through an interactive dashboard. It will be updated on a quarterly basis, so the public can ‘count down’ retained EU law as the government reforms it. "I would like to commend the Cabinet Office officials who developed this dashboard, it is a fascinating resource in its own right, of both political and - in my view - historic, constitutional importance."  Labour's shadow Brexit minister Stephen Doughty described it as "a vanity project". He went on: "It's quite extraordinary on the day inflation tops 10 percent, the price of food is growing at the fastest rate in 40 years, the Government's offer today to the British people is a digital filing cabinet." Mr Rees-Mogg questioned whether Mr Doughty had read his statement before. He added: "Supply side reform is essential for tackling things like the cost of living." Former Tory leader Sir Iain Duncan Smith pointed out that many of the rules and regulations from the EU were "imported without a single word being said on the floor of the House of Commons." Reflecting impatience over how long it has taken the Government he noted: "It's about time it was brought forward." 