Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced millions of people on benefits would receive hundreds of pounds in Cost of Living payments last week, but it’s not the only financial help available from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Millions of Britons who receive Universal Credit, legacy benefits and Pension Credit could claim thousands of pounds worth of savings. As the cost of living crisis continues to wreak havoc with people’s finances, Britons who rely on Universal Credit and legacy benefits will be keen to find out when they will receive the support. The payment will be made in two lump sums, one in July and another in autumn. However, millions of people could claim further help in the form of budgeting loans, grants and help towards energy bills. This help is usually available to those on Universal Credits, tax credits and Pension Credit. READ MORE: NS&I Premium Bonds: How to check if you’ve won a prize During the pandemic, the number of people claiming Universal Credit almost doubled to 5.8 million people. Some 40 percent of those are in work but claim Universal Credit to top up their income. New claimants might not be aware they can apply for additional financial support as Universal Credit acts as a gateway benefit to 30 additional ways to save money. This includes free prescriptions, a discount on Council Tax and free or cheaper broadband. DON'T MISS:State pension payments could rise by 10% next year [UPDATE]Premium Bonds: NS&I announces winners for June prize draw [ALERT]Cost of living: Dates for when to expect support payments [INSIGHT] Approximately £15billion is lost in unclaimed DWP benefits every year, something campaigners are highlighting as millions of people struggle amid the cost of living crisis. The older generation is the most likely to be missing out, according to figures from Age UK. More than a quarter of a million (260,000) older people don’t claim Housing Benefit although it could be worth £4,000 per year. In addition, nearly a million (850,000) older people don’t apply for Pension Credit which would entitle them to help with housing costs, a free TV licence and money towards energy bills. Universal Credit claimants can also apply for a budgeting loan adding up to £812, if they are a couple with children. This could be to help with unexpected costs and can be paid back over a period of 12 months. Britons who rely on disability benefits like Personal Independence Payments (PIP) could even apply for a grant worth up to £30,000. Meanwhile, expectant mothers can apply for a maternity grant of £1,000 which doesn’t need to be paid back. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea 30 Universal Credit freebies you may be able to claim: