Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge was spotted beaming as she repeatedly cradled young children during her outings in recent months. The royal's demeanor sparked speculation about the Cambridges possibly adding to their brood in the coming months. But Richard Palmer reported Kate herself admitted the family is not planning to expand, and suggested it is unlikely Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis will get a sibling. Speaking to Royal Round-Up host Pandora Forsyth, Mr Palmer said: "I think no. She's 40. "I know that in the last three or four months there have been a couple of times where she's talked about feeling broody again. "But I also know that I've heard her say on a number of occasions, 'I think William would kill me if we had another one.' "I'm going to be quite surprised if they do have another one. But who knows." JUST IN: Kate and Prince William caught in 'photo battle' with Meghan Markle & Harry after Jubilee Speculation about Kate and William having baby number four have been swirling around for years. While the Duchess of Cambridge has indeed been spotted on several occasions showing off her maternal side with babies and toddlers while on outings, no announcement has been made. And True Royalty founder Nick Bullen suggested Kate may stop at three children to follow in the successful example of her parents, Michael and Carole Middleton. Speaking to Royally US last year, Mr Bullen said: "I think they feel they got a pretty perfect family. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan to limit future UK visits as Sussexes send 'huge signal' to Queen "Kate was always very keen to follow her parents and have that family of five. She's matched it and my own view is, they probably will stop here. "She had a really tough time with all of her pregnancies." Kate was diagnosed with hyperemesis gravidarum, a debilitating condition that forced her to be hospitalised, during all three of her pregnancies. Mr Bullen also insisted the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, now in their 40s and picking up an increasing number of duties from the Queen, will be eager to focus on their work. DON'T MISSShould Meghan and Harry have stayed until end of Jubilee? [POLL]Royal Family LIVE: Queen's two-word response to Meghan and Harry [LIVE BLOG]Lilibet stuns royal fans as Sussexes' release birthday snap [INSIGHT] Kate and William showcased their commitment to their duty as they led the Platinum Jubilee celebrations alongside Prince Charles and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall as the Queen took a step back due to ongoing mobility problems. The pair stepped out alongside children George, Charlotte, and Louis most of the weekend, with their young Cambridge brood making their official debut at Trooping the Colour. Prince George and Princess Charlotte also accompanied their parents on their first official joint outing in Wales, where they were treated to a lesson in orchestra conducting. And four-year-old Prince Louis stole hearts with his antics, pulling faces at his mum and waving enthusiastically at the crowd as he grew bored during lengthy events.