In an episode of Move iQ’s property podcast, TV property expert Phil Spencer shared which home improvements homeowners should consider to “add value” and make the most of their homes. Phil said gardens “add as much value to a house as another room”. The property expert said gardens deserve and justify “expense and time and care and thought”. He said: “Present it, decorate it if you like want. “Give it the same thought and care as you would an extra room. “You can do an awful lot in a garden even if it's a small garden. “Small gardens I’ve seen really successfully done with mirrors. READ MORE: Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow “Put lighting in, do pathways, use pots. It doesn't have to be permanent and it doesn't have to be of major expense. “The garden is a really, really important part and I think increasingly so given what's happened over the last 12 months. “People have spent more time in their enclosed environment so the garden is really special.” Phil suggested tackling “seasonal jobs” first which will need to be done within a certain period of time. He said: “There are jobs that need to be done in the summer and there are jobs that need to be done in the winter.  DON'T MISSHow to clean windows and leave them 'sparkling' [INSIGHT]‘Do not use salt to kill weeds!' Paving expert condemns gardening hack [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘best’ way to clean ‘grim’ discoloured pillows [ANALYSIS] “Guttering and roofing are the two immediate ones that come to mind. “When the leaves fall off the trees, you need to clear your gutters, they do get clogged up.” If you get a clogged gutter and a down pipe then that spells all sorts of problems. Often, those won't be seen until the water starts dripping down the inside of a wall which may be several months later. “That's really something to keep an eye on,” he added. The property expert said homeowners can do an “awful lot fairly cheaply” to kitchens and bathrooms. He said instead of replacing suites and units, homeowners can reuse and upcycle. Changing kitchen cupboard doors, changing handles and work surfaces, lighting and flooring are just some of the ways this can be done.  Phil said: “Pretty simple straightforward changes can actually really transform a kitchen. “In your bathroom, you can redo the tiles. “You can redo the grout you can redo the the shower screen, the radiators, the lighting. "There's an awful lot that can be achieved pretty straightforward, fairly simply and fairly cheaply.” Phil Spencer will appear on Location, Location, Location tonight at 8pm.