Ben Hillman first appeared on A Place in the Sun in 2016 and has been a regular on the Channel 4 show ever since. The presenter joined the team with a wealth of property expertise and in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk has spoken out on the changes he has seen in the market during and since the coronavirus pandemic. Ben began: “It was such an unknown at the time throughout the pandemic. “What is the situation going to be like when things hopefully start getting back to normal as they are now? “And I really couldn't have called it one way or the other. “But since stuff has been opening up and even throughout, the stages of the pandemic, there was a real desire and we had record numbers of people applying to the show to come on.” Read more: A Place in the Sun fans slam pair for rejecting 'dream' Danni find “I just think it was that now or never attitude that suddenly people had after being locked down for so long,” he continued. “What is around the corner in life? We just don't know and life is worth living. “‘So what the heck, why don't we just why don't we pursue that dream that we've been talking about at the pub every Friday night for the last 12 years? “‘What the heck are we doing why are we still doing this daily grind?’” “I feel there's been a real a real desire to sort of to buy abroad now,” Ben concluded. A Place in the Sun returned for a brand new series last week. Ben is joined by fellow experts Craig Rowe, Leah Charles King and Sara Damergi. Laura Hamilton, Danni Menzies, Jasmine Harman and Jean Johannsson also return. DON'T MISS'It escalated' Scarlette Douglas 'upset' by brother Stuart in feud [INSIGHT]A Place In The Sun’s Craig Rowe opens up on housing struggles  [INTERVIEW]A Place in the Sun star admits she was suicidal after ITV show [INTERVIEW] Meanwhile, Ben admitted he and his co-stars don’t get to spend as much time together as he’d like. He said: “[We meet] in airports. We live far and wide as well. I’m down on the south coast, there are a few in London and Scotland so we’re dotted about. “It’s rare for us to all get together at the same time. “Although there have been the odd Channel 4 party or Christmas parties, which is lovely just to get together and exchange stories which is always good fun.” However, the Channel 4 presenter revealed the TRIC Awards will give the team a chance to meet up. A Place in the Sun has been shortlisted for Best Daytime Show. The property hunting series will be up against Loose Women, This Morning and Steph’s Packed Lunch. A Place in the Sun airs on Channel 4 on weekdays at 4pm.