Henry has been in the entertainment business for almost half a century, earning him an array of lifetime achievement awards. However, it was the ultimate achievement of being knighted by the Queen that Henry chose to make a joke about.   The Dudley-born entertainer was knighted in 2015 as part of the Queen’s Birthday Honours for his services to drama and charity. Writing on his website, Henry shared: “Oh my God, I got a knighthood from the Queen, and I made a joke about it. “I said I had been assaulted by an old age pensioner with a sword!” That wasn’t the only kicker the comedian had up his sleeve. In an interview with Channel 5 News shortly after the ceremony Henry was asked about what it was like to meet the Queen READ MORE: Neighbours theory: Clive Gibbons to exit before finale as secret life exposed  He jokingly answered: “I’ve met her before, we go to Nandos on a regular basis. We’re always in Nandos together. She has the peri peri chicken.” Henry, who first started his career on talent show New faces in 1975, said the moment “was almost like a cap to quite a long career”. He added on his website: “It was a big day. My family was there. We had a party, and we ate and drank far too much. “There’s a picture of me in an inflatable rubber crown and my eyes are crossed. So I think we imbibed a bit, but it was a fantastic day.” It wasn’t a surprise for many that Henry’s illustrious career would earn him honours such as knighthood, for both his time on and off the stage.     Henry got his start on television by winning the talent show New Faces at the tender age of 16. Little did he know the life he was setting up for himself with that first breakthrough as just nine years later he would have his own show on the BBC. The Lenny Henry Show aired in 1984, featuring his stand up, spoofs and celebrity impressions he was known for at school. He also claims to have been the first British comic to have made a live stand-up comedy film, Lenny Henry Live and Unleashed which was released in 1989. Henry also co founded the charity Comic Relief, and has been involved in almost every Red Nose Day since 1988.  Writing about the charity on his website Henry noted: “It’s a huge, respected, established charity for generating millions and millions of pounds for people in the UK and in the developing world. I think it’s great. “I miss the days when it was just three people and a dog in a room arguing about where the money should go and why. But I love the fact that Richard is still at the helm, and that people still care and put their hands in their pocket for it.” Whilst his own claims to fame are extraordinary, Henry was also once married to fellow comedian and actress Dawn French. The pair met on a comedy circuit and got married in Covent Garden in 1984. Together they had a daughter named Billie but announced they were “amicably” separating in 2010 after 25 years together.  Now at the age of 63, Henry does not appear to be slowing down as his resume continues to grow. Younger generations may know Henry as the voice of shrunken head Dre Head in the Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban film. Even younger audiences can find themselves enthralled in his first children’s book The Boy With Wings which was published last year. He is also the current Chancellor of Birmingham City University and the Sir Henry Lenny Centre for Media Diversity continues on the work he did for his PHD. Lenny Henry explores the influence of Caribbean life on modern day Britain in Lenny Henry’s Caribbean Britain tonight at 9:30pm on BBC Two.