Stranger Things is coming back to Netflix with the final two episodes of season four on July 1. Eddie Munson (played by Joseph Quinn) had been on the run from police after he was accused of killing Chrissy Cunningham (Grace Van Dien). He has since become one of the heroes of the latest outing, and he is loosely based on a real person. Eddie Munson was introduced as one of the outcasts at school in Hawkins and he is the Dungeon Master of the Dungeons and Dragons group, The Hellfire Club. He had taken Dustin Henderson (Gaten Matarazzo) and Mike Wheeler (Finn Wolfhard) under his wing when nobody else would welcome them. Although he seemed like a bad boy, he looked out for Chrissy when she needed someone to talk to. However, this backfired when he was accused of murdering her on the evening she was at the trailer park. The show's creators, the Duffer brothers, said Eddie is loosely based on Damien Echols of the West Memphis Three. READ MORE: Running Up That Hill lyrics: What are the lyrics to Kate Bush's song? The West Memphis Three were convicted as teenagers in 1994 of the murders of three boys. Damien Echols was sentenced to death, Jessie Misskelley Jr to life imprisonment plus two 20-year sentences, and Jason Baldwin to life imprisonment. The prosecution suggested they killed the children as part of a Satanic ritual but objectors said there was not enough evidence. They were eventually released with 10-year suspended sentences, having served 18 years. Actor Quinn explained whether he carried out any research into Damien Echols when he got the role. He told The Guardian: "Little bits, but I’m not going to pretend I did a huge amount. "I tried grappling with Dungeons and Dragons, but accepted that wasn’t going to happen. Music was my main way in. "I listened to a lot of heavy metal – Black Sabbath, Metallica, Dio – and I worked with a brilliant vocal coach called Mary Howland. "But 99.7 per cent of the work is that wig." Both the overall Hellfire Club storyline and Eddie Munson were inspired by the documentary series Paradise Lost. DON'T MISS... Will there be a season 5 of Stranger Things? [EXPLAINER] Stranger Things season 4 theory: Steven and Robin deaths ‘sealed’ [THEORY]Stranger Things theory: Eddie survives as star teases return [DISCUSSION] Originally, the Duffer Brothers wanted Eddie’s hair to look similar to David Bowie’s in Labyrinth. However, the hair team based the final look on Ozzy Osbourne from the 80s. For the Hellfire Club scenes, the props team designed a full campaign, map, character sheets with different graphics, specific dice for each player, and bespoke in-depth notebooks with all of the characters’ notes and character specs. Every piece of Eddie Munson’s costuming is specific to his character and personality, from his handcuff belt to his original Levi’s vest with specific band buttons. Actor Quinn has opened up about the season four ending, calling it "carnage". He said: "The scale and ambition are astonishing. All the seeds that have been planted bear fruit and it’s just carnage. “You know the finale is two-and-a-half hours, right? Ending with this monster, feature-length episode is so bold.” On returning for season five he said: "I’ll be furious if they don’t bring me back. I’d love to, if they’ll have me.”  Stranger Things season 4 part 2 airs on Netflix on July 1.