Parts of the UK are set to sizzle with temperatures soaring as high as 35C on Friday, which will likely send Britons flooding into their gardens. But before you reach for your lawn mower, one gardening expert has suggested that you may want to hold off cutting your grass in the heat.  According to Carlos Real, lawn care expert and managing director of TotalLawn, gardeners should avoid cutting their grass in hot, dry conditions unless they are "committed" to watering it too. He explained: "If you are watering regularly, then you should carry on mowing every two to three days, but if you can’t commit to solidly watering your lawn, it’s best to avoid mowing too. "That’s because heat causes additional stress on the lawn, and mowing will only add to this as it tries to recover.” When grass blades can not get enough water, they begin to dry and die out. All types of grass can type in the summer months, but some lawns are more prone than others. READ MORE: Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow When your lawn is particularly stressed due to periods of high heat or drought, it can be limited in its ability to recover from mowing. Instead, green-thumbed Britons should only mow their lawn after rainfall or if they have a frequent watering regime. Mr Real explained: “It’s important to water the lawn heavily over the next few days as the temperatures climb. "Ideally, you should be watering it early in the morning before the main heat of the day. DON'T MISSWood-burning stove rules: Key changes you need to be aware of in 2022 [EXPLAINER]Best time to water plants in hot weather - 'no simple rule of thumb’  [COMMENT]How bad is weed killer for your garden? [REVEALED] "When watering, think about it more like soaking the soil, rather than watering the grass blades. "It is very hard to over-water your lawn, so don’t hold back." Gardeners should aim to water their lawn in the morning, ideally before 10am, when it is cooler, the sun is lower and winds are calmer. This should allow more time for water to soak into the soil and be absorbed by the grass roots before it can evaporate. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea During the hot weather, it might also be worth holding off on feeding your lawn with any fertilisers. Mr Real said: "Unless you are committed to watering your lawn every day, we’d recommend avoiding granular feeds for a few days. "That’s because the fertiliser can burn your lawn in the hot weather if it isn’t properly watered, so save the feed until after the heatwave."