Ursula von der Leyen, President of the European Commission, told CNN that she would “not at all bet on Russia” and that Ukraine will prevail in the conflict because their soldiers “know what they are fighting for”. Ms von der Leyen said Russian troops do not “see any sense” in the war and as a result, Putin is struggling to recruit more forces. It comes as Ukrainian Armed Forces reclaimed the vital Black Sea territory of Snake Island, overrun by Russia on the first day of its invasion on February 24.    Ms von der Leyen said: “Military experts tell us that the movements of Russia are much slower, less than expected. “So, Russia is running into more and more trouble. Also, where recruiting is concerned, where replenishment is concerned, and the delivery from the back of the country is concerned, I would not at all bet on Russia. “On the contrary. There is one very important point here: Ukrainians know what they are fighting for; they are motivated. “The Russian troops have no idea what they are fighting for because they do not see any sense in this war. Therefore, there is a big difference between both armed forces.”    It was announced today that Russian forces have withdrawn from Ukraine's Snake Island, a strategic outpost in the Black Sea. The reports were confirmed by Russia's defence ministry and Ukraine's President's office. Snake Island, which Russia occupied on the first day of its invasion, achieved fame when Ukrainian border guards stationed there rejected a Russian warship's demand for their surrender. Andriy Yermak, head of Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky's office, wrote on Twitter today: "KABOOM! No Russian troops on Snake Island anymore. Our Armed Forces did a great job.” READ MORE: 'Couldn't stand the heat! Putin reeling as troops ABANDON Snake Island [REVEAL]   Russia's defence ministry confirmed Russian troops had withdrawn from Snake Island, calling it a "goodwill gesture" and saying the troops had fulfilled the tasks assigned to them. The Russian ministry added the move showed Russia was not impeding UN efforts to organise a humanitarian corridor to export agricultural products out of Ukraine. Ukraine's southern military command wrote on Facebook that Russian forces had evacuated in two boats following an operation involving missile and artillery units. Mr Zelensky's chief of staff Mr Yermak said Ukraine's armed forces drove Russian troops from the island and said Russia's claim the withdrawal was out of goodwill was untrue. He repeated Ukrainian accusations that Russia was provoking a global food crisis by blocking Ukraine's ports and targeting storage facilities. DON'T MISS: Ukrainian MP hails UK 'showing leadership' to allies with extra aid [REVEAL]Can Ukrainians arriving in the UK apply to the council for housing? [INSIGHT] Have Your Say: Should UK join a new 'EU' style group? Who should join? [POLL]   However, Russia's Defence Ministry said on Thursday its forces had destroyed a Ukrainian military control centre near the city of Dnipro in a missile strike on Tuesday. Alongside other regions of Ukraine, the central city of Dnipro and the surrounding Dnipropetrovsk region has seen an uptick in Russian shelling in recent days. With Russian forces stretched across the south and east of Ukraine in an attempt to control the Donbas region, Putin’s forces have utilised shelling from a distance to claim territory. The city of Severodonetsk fell last week after relentless Russian strikes obliterated the area. READ NEXT: NATO Summit LIVE: Erdogan turns up pressure after breakthrough dealHeartbreaking moment Labrador rescued from bombed apartment in UkrainePutin's chilling three-word warning to NATO in full Truss warns against dependence’ on ‘unreasonable’ China'Putin is paranoid!' Bizarre seating arrangement exposes despot 