Prince William and Prince Harry are both known to adore and hugely respect their grandmother, and she was a key part of their lives growing up. Every day the Queen is known to religiously take afternoon tea, no matter where she is in the world. And now former royal chef Darren McGrady has shared insight into the Queen's afternoon teas when William and Harry joined her.  Whenever Harry or William dined with the Queen, she would always ensure their favourites were on the menu that day for afternoon tea. For her chocoholic grandson William, this meant the kitchen would always be making his personal favourite, chocolate biscuit cake. William's love for the sweet treat is legendary, and he even picked the recipe for his groom's cake when he married Kate Middleton in 2011. Darren McGrady told Coffee Friend: “The Queen had a menu called a Menu Royale, a red leather-bound book which she had each day.  READ MORE: Jubilee row explodes as Harry and Meghan told they are 'NOT welcome' "When you opened it up, the top left corner would be lunch, the bottom left corner would be afternoon tea and the whole page on the right was dinner. “For afternoon tea the chefs would suggest sandwiches and scones - we didn’t tell the Queen what she was having because we knew what a lot of her favourites were, but the other cakes, the small cakes changed every single day. "Again, we’d try and put on our favourites and occasionally she would put a line through something. "If she had say Prince William coming for afternoon tea, she knew her grandson loved chocolate biscuit cake so she’d write that in instead and put a number two. That told us there were two for tea."   As William and Harry were often away for school, they would usually only get to eat royal afternoon tea during holidays at Balmoral or family occasions. And when they were little, they could expect some sweet treats to be sent up to their nursery with "lots of sugar", to the chagrin of their nanny. Chef McGrady added: “During the week, Prince William and Prince Harry would be at Ludgrove at school so they wouldn’t be there for tea, it would only be at Easter or Christmas or the summer at Balmoral that they’d get to spend time with the rest of the Royal Family at afternoon tea. “A lot of the time we would actually send nursery tea separately, so the boys wouldn’t have tea with the Royal Family.  DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan will 'not make a scene' at Jubilee [LIVE]Kate and William to miss Lilibet's first birthday [INSIGHT]UK loves the Queen as new poll shows what Britain thinks of Queen [ANALYSIS] "We’d do caramel banana cake, lots of sugar, it used to drive nanny crazy, and jam tarts - traditional, authentic, British nursery food.” Chef McGrady also worked in the household of Princess Diana when William and Harry were growing up at Kensington Palace. But while working as a royal chef, he said he was never asked to make any midnight snack orders for the Queen or the two princes. Chef McGrady explained: "We never did any late orders at all! At Buckingham Palace I lived above the kitchen in the chef quarters and nobody ever came and knocked on the door and said, ‘the Queen wants a club sandwich.’  "In her room was a bowl of fruit, chocolates and some of her favourites, if she wanted a nibble in the night she’d have one of those. “The same goes for William and Harry, they were never allowed to summon the chef to make something in the middle of the night." While the Queen always has afternoon tea, the tradition didn't seem to have the same appeal for Princess Diana. Chef McGrady added: "Princess Diana, meanwhile, never had an afternoon tea ritual, she’d have a cup of tea but drank coffee for the most part.” 