Whether you've been jealously watching the cast of Love Island using their Dyson Airwrap Styler every night, or you've been saving for this flagship hair styling device for some time and want to make sure you secure the best deal – you're in the right place. We've rounded up the best Dyson Airwrap Styler deals in the UK today below, as well as some of the most commonly asked questions about the Airwrap. While Dyson is best known for its vacuum cleaners, the British company has delved headfirst into the world of hair care (pun intended). The first product in this category was the Dyson Supersonic hair dryer, which was since won every industry award available. A few years later, Dyson returned with the Dyson Airwrap Styler that's designed to curl, wave, smooth, and style your hair without extreme heat. Dyson Airwrap is compatible with both barrel attachments to curl or wave hair and brushes to smooth and volumise. The innovative design uses an aerodynamic phenomenon known as the "Coanda" effect that curves air to attract and wrap hair around the barrel-like shape of the Airwrap. According to Dyson, this aerodynamic effect is what allows Airwrap owners to style, curl and volumise their hair without extreme heat. The Airwrap benefits from the same intelligent heat control system found in the Supersonic hair dryer, which monitors airflow over 40 times every second to save your hair from extreme heat damage by keeping temperatures below 150°C. Powering the Dyson Airwrap is the V9 digital motor, which is capable of spinning up to 110,000rpm. Dyson previously sold a number of different sets of the Airwrap styler, with different attachments for different use-cases. However, in recent years, the Dyson Airwrap Complete is the most likely to be stocked at your favourite online or high street retailer. This bundles both the brush and barrel attachments, so you'll be able to curl, wave, and smooth your hair. A model that's specifically designed for longer hair (although it has the same attachments, colour options, and price) is also available in some stores. Dyson sells a number of other attachments separately in its online store. The biggest decision at checkout will be the colour of the Dyson Airwrap and its attachments – with Nickel & Fuchsia, Red & Nickel, Nickel & Copper, and Black & Purple, although the latter is exclusive to Dyson's own online store. Bought directly from Dyson, you'll need to spend £449.99 for a Dyson Airwrap Complete bundle. There's no difference in UK price between the colours, so you won't be charged extra for an exclusive new shade. Dyson offers Klarna payment plans at checkout, so you'll be able to spread out the cost interest-free, which makes this pricey hair styler a little more affordable. However, there's no doubt that Dyson Airwrap Styler is not cheap. And it's not like things get any better on Black Friday either. The blockbuster sales event saw Dyson bundle additional accessories with the Airwrap for the same price. Thankfully, there are ways to enjoy a discount on the must-have hair styling gadget at the moment, and we've got everything you need to know below... If you want a sale every day of the year, it's worth checking the Dyson Outlet, where the vacuum firm sells refurbished models. For the Dyson Airwrap Complete styler, this drops the price from £449.99 down to £379.99. That's a £70 saving, which isn't to be sniffed at. And since the Airwrap is refurbished by Dyson's own engineers, you'll get a one-year guarantee on the hardware. You'll also enjoy free next-day delivery on your new Airwrap, and a 35 money-back guarantee. At any point during the first 35 days, you'll be able to return the Airwrap if it's not living up to your expectations. Like the new models available to buy from the Dyson store, you'll be able to spread out the cost with interest-free payments. Moving away from the Dyson online store, there are a wealth of other deals and discounts out there. We've rounded up the best prices from across the most popular online and high street stores, from Argos, Boots and Currys. You can find the latest Dyson Airwrap Complete styler prices below.