Passengers boarding P&O Cruises Ventura in Southampton on Saturday morning were left stunned when they spotted suitcases bobbing around the sea after they rolled off the cruise liner. A lifeboat was dispatched to retrieve the soggy suitcases. According to several social media posts, the luggage cage carrying passengers’ bags, was inadvertently dropped from the Mayflower Terminal - the oldest terminal at Southampton cruise port. Terri at Hays Travel tweeted: “All happening at the Mayflower Terminal in Southampton this morning. “@pandocruises dropped a luggage cage in the water so now lifeboats deployed to retrieve some very soggy suitcases!!” Liz Keeling commented: “@pandocruises After a fantastic cruise on Ventura, have just noticed what looks like cases floating down the Solent from the ship. READ MORE: DEAL OF THE DAY: Gift a two-night hotel in UK or Europe for under £150 “A lifeboat has been launched from the ship Quite worried!” Bystander images show various items of luggage floating in the sea. Another image showed several rescued but wet suitcases perched at the side of the deck. The luggage was meant to board P&O Cruises Grand-class vessel Ventura. DON'T MISS...Meghan and Harry ‘presented’ Lilibet to the world in ‘un-royal’ manner [BODY LANGUAGE]Weight loss: Doctor shares ideal eating window to boost weight loss [VIDEO]Best way to store bananas - perfectly yellow and edible for 15 days [HACK] P&O went on to confirm the cases plummeted into the ocean after a luggage hoist snapped. To retrieve the luggage, lifeboats were quickly dispatched. There has been no update on how the luggage - and potentially damaged contents - were returned to passengers. Or if any compensation was offered for the mishap. Ventura can hold as many as 3,192 passengers. One luggage cage holds around 15-20 bags, depending on their size and dimensions. Cruise Hive reports it is “common for bags belonging to the same party to be on the same cage, so one passenger or family may have had several bags damaged in this incident”. Express.co.uk contacted P&O Cruises for an official comment. A spokesperson said: "We swiftly put our protocols in place to recover the luggage and we have been in touch with all affected guests to apologise and advise on follow up contact.” The incident did not affect the cruise from leaving on time. The ship is sailing on a 14-night roundtrip to the Canary Islands, calling at Portugal and Spain along the way. The itinerary also features six sea days allowing guests to enjoy the 116,017-gross ton vessel and all its amenities. Onboard, there are four pools, a sports deck, a relaxing spa, fantastic dining, and children’s facilities.