But enough dreaming. That, as usual is best left to Ian 'Braveheart' Blackford, who does dreaming so well. Ian (and I'm beginning to think he actually knows this) is becoming the comedy turn at PMQs. Despite looking every inch the bluff, joyless Presbyterian from central casting his comic timing is definitely improving. This afternoon he had us all sniggering into our lattes with the line: "Week after week I have called on this Prime Minister to resign. I had thought the Tory benches were trying to shout me down and all this time it turns out 41 percent were cheering me on!" It was indeed a decent line for one of those Radio 4 aren't-we-so-clever panel shows but it also, unfortunately for the SNP, plays perfectly into Boris's hands - because the PM is just sharper and funnier. "I want to thank the right honourable gentleman for his characteristic warm words" the Prime Minster replied, to derisive snorts from across the benches, before labelling Mr Blackford the best advert for a United Kingdom and indeed "the Araldite keeping out kingdom together". Cue party hilarity and exit one punctured, deflated Commons SNP leader to assorted chunterings about Scottish independence. Not quite that easy with the leader of the Labour Party. Although, given the positively tumultuous and insanely damaging events of Monday's no confidence shenanigans, it really wasn't that difficult either. Starmer should have been the political equivalent of a great white with the smell of blood in his nostrils - on the hunt, kill, kill, kill! Instead he was all a bit wet haddock wrapped in newspaper. Yes he kicked off with a gag about whether the Tory backbench boos were for him or for Boris, but within seconds we were into statistics and lines of questioning which required the listener to be almost military-level briefed on the minutiae of political too-ing and fro-ing this week. Note to Keir, no-one outside the SW1 postcode is.   Even us poor, ill-educated hacks know nothing makes a reader glaze over quite so quickly and comprehensively as a list of statisitics. So we avoid them. 90% of the time. In fairness Keir did have one moment. His harrowing description of a poor child who called for an ambulance five times without success. The sixth time, one full hour after the first call, the boy told them they didn't need to come because his mum was now dead. Stony silence in the House. And well there might have been. But not for Keir's reason that somehow a single terrible incident means our NHS is collapsing because of Tory misrule. No, something much more important than that. That beyond the parliamentary Punch and Judy Show, after the brickbats have been chucked across the floor, after the cheap laughs have died down, the decisions these people make in that House on our behalf can mean the difference between life and death. It is good for them to be reminded of that as often as possible. 