Diana Ross, 78, closed out Glastonbury on Sunday afternoon with a glittering array of classic hits from her lengthy musical career. The Motown and disco legend emerged onto the Pyramid stage for the “legends” slot dressed in a silver sequinned kimono dress. She launched into ‘I’m Coming Out’ before going on to delight the thousands of revellers with a string of other hits including ‘Ain’t No Mountain High Enough’ and ‘Upside Down’. Born in Detroit, Michigan in 1944, Ross shot to fame as the lead singer of The Supremes in the Sixties when the band was one of Motown’s best-loved acts. After her success with the group, the singer parted ways in 1970 to pursue a solo career that went on to include not only music but also film, TV and theatre. As a result of her illustrious career, Ross’s net worth is estimated to be $250million (£203million), according to CelebrityNetWorth.com. One example of her hit-making abilities is that she is still the only artist in music history who has had number one songs as a solo artist, as one half of a duet, and as part of a trio. As a solo artist and as a member of The Supremes, she has also been among the Top 5 artists on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart between 1955 and 2018. JUST IN: Elvis girlfriend Linda hits back at Baz Luhrmann biopic 'I know the truth' Ross, who has sold 75 million albums during her career, was named the most successful female musician of all time by the Guinness Book of World Records in 1993. After a string of pop and soul hits, she forged a successful career in the world of disco with songs such as ‘Love Hangover’ and ‘Upside Down’. By the early Eighties, Ross had started negotiations to leave Motown Records and was handed $250,000 (£203,000) as part of her severance package. She eventually signed for RCA in 1981 after being offered a $20million (£16.3million) recording contract, which at its time was the most expensive deal in music history. However, the Motown legend’s musical success is only part of the story behind her multimillion-dollar wealth as she has also made money from her film career. One of her most famous roles on the silver screen was her Golden Globe-winning, Oscar-nominated portrayal of Billie Holiday in ‘Lady Sings The Blues’. She also starred as Dorothy in ‘The Wiz’, Motown’s answer to ‘The Wizard of Oz’. Despite her huge fortune and busy schedule, Ross has said that her family remains the most important thing to her. Speaking to the Shreveport Times in 2016, she was asked about how she keeps her life balanced. She said: “Love. You must love what you do and also keep your life balanced. DON'T MISS: Johnny Depp 'to return' to Pirates of the Caribbean after '$300 million Disney deal' [LATEST]George Michael’s music still earning him MILLIONS six years after his death [INSIGHT]How David Bowie made his death a 'work of art' and left a 'parting gift' for fans [ANALYSIS] “I’m always balancing my travels and my family. My family is the most important priority to me. “I have always felt it's important to stay present. To stay in the moment. I never try to think about longevity or legacy. “For me, if I could live a good life now, if I can do the things that bring me joy, if I can enjoy my children and grandchildren and enjoy performing ... that is love and that is my life.” Ross has five children in total: Ross Naess, Rhonda Ross Kendrick, Chudney Ross, Trace Ellis Ross, and Evan Ross. Much of the singer’s multimillionaire dollar net worth is in cash, however she also owns several expensive assets. Ross is understood to own at least two houses: one in California and another in Connecticut. The singer is also something of a petrolhead, and has owned many classic cars over the years, including a 1967 Jaguar E-Type.