Meghan Markle and Prince Harry returned to the royal fold for the Queen's Jubilee celebrations - but their relegated seats were a telling sign of their change in status. They no longer use their HRH styles and the event was their first public appearance alongside the Windsors since they stepped down as senior royals two years ago amid the Megxit storm. Royal expert Neil Sean claimed that the royal couple have since been offered TV deals. Speaking on his YouTube channel, Mr Sean claimed: "All the TV broadcasters around the world are looking to put together specials on the Platinum Jubilee, particularly for their year-end things. "American networks are very keen on is to sit down with Harry and Meghan to get their take on what has been spectacular years. "I've been told that Australian TV too are interested particularly all the mainstream media now. "When you think about it that could be a big pay deal for Harry and Meghan." READ MORE: William sparks fury ‘'leaking gossip' about Harry and Meghan Just over a year ago, Harry and Meghan accused an unnamed member of the royal family, not the Queen nor the Duke of Edinburgh, of racism and painted the monarchy as an uncaring institution in their controversial Oprah interview. Kate was publicly singled out by Meghan for allegedly making her cry in the run-up to her wedding. In 2012 for the Diamond Jubilee, Harry had taken pride of place in the front row for service in St Paul's marking his grandmother 60th year on the throne. Much has changed since then, with Harry wedding American actress Meghan in a glittering royal wedding in 2018, followed by their troubled departure in 2020. It comes as a "thoughtful" Duchess of Sussex called volunteers at a Grenfell community kitchen to mark the fifth anniversary of the tragedy. The Hubb Community Kitchen said Meghan left a "lovely voice message" and asked "how we are, about our children and families and giving us news of hers". In a Facebook post, the group said the duchess - mother to Archie and Lili - was "just being her beautiful kind self". The Hubb Community Kitchen evolved after a group of local women affected by the devastating 2017 fire gathered to prepare fresh food for their families and neighbours in the aftermath. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan stuck in 'stalemate' with royals [INSIGHT]Meghan's comments on Kate 'really damaging' for Harry and William [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry 'thinking of relinquishing title' - claim [VIDEO] Meghan collaborated with volunteers by supporting the creation, and writing the foreword, for their award-winning charity cookbook Together: Our Community Cookbook. The Kitchen's post read: "I just found this picture of us all, on the day our cookbook came out. The Duchess had wrapped a book for each one of us and wrote a lovely message to each lady on the first page. "Always very thoughtful, today we received a lovely voice message from the Duchess, being the 5 years anniversary of the Grenfell tragedy, asking how we are, about our children and families and giving us news of hers. "Just being her beautiful kind self." READ NEXT: Meghan Markle 'hoped to reconcile with Kate' for children to bond Kate and William 'don't want to be seen cosying up to Harry' - claimMeghan and Harry 'hoping for Balmoral invite' from Queen Prince Harry told to 'start with an apology' to 'mend fences'Kate and William send 'direct message' to Meghan and Harry