Having discovered his passion for winemaking back in 2007 Bob soon started to make his own entirely, with dreams to market and sell his produce properly. However in 2009 Bob was given the devastating news that he had metastatic prostate cancer, which doctors failed to pick up on not once but twice. With his prostate cancer incurable, Bob decided to battle on creating the Susan & Robert Hollander Foundation which has gone on to fund an impressive list of trailblazing researchers looking at different approaches to curing prostate cancer. Sharing his story with Express.co.uk, Bob said this about his diagnosis: “I think it was sort of an emotional turning point in my life. “I can still tap into childlike euphoria, but it takes a lot. “Three of the ugliest pairs in the English language have to be metastatic cancer, palliative therapy and my oncologist. “But faced with that and recognising that things could be a lot worse I tried to do something positive out of this whole messy situation.  DON'T MISS: Supplements warning: Four supplements that may cause ‘potentially fatal’ heart arrhythmias  Dr John K. Lee, who studies advanced prostate cancer at the centre commented: “I was a recipient of a very generous gift from the Hollander Foundation to advance our research on prostate cancer. “Specifically trying to use artificial intelligence to study the genomes of prostate cancer to try to find out which ones are lethal.” Currently in the UK there are 52,254 new cases of prostate cancer each year. This means that one in eight men will be diagnosed with prostate cancer during their lifetime. Starting in the prostate gland, which is found at the base of the bladder, there are different forms of prostate cancer that can develop. These are known as localised, locally advanced and metastatic.  Cancer Research UK explains that localised prostate cancer is cancer that is only inside the prostate gland. At the stage of diagnosis it has not spread to other parts of the body. Locally advanced prostate cancer means the cancer has broken through the capsule of the prostate gland. At the time of diagnosis it has spread to nearby tissues, such as the back passage (rectum). Metastatic prostate cancer means that the cancer has spread to another part of your body such as the bones. Sometimes this is also referred to as advanced prostate cancer. Like Bob, those diagnosed with metastatic prostate cancer may suffer from various symptoms, however this does depend on where the cancer has spread to. If the cancer has spread individuals might:  The most common place for prostate cancer to spread to is the bones. However, it can also spread to the lymph nodes, liver and lungs and other organs. If there is a relatively large tumour in the prostate gland, it can spread into or press on areas around the prostate, such as the back passage or urethra. It is important to note that advanced prostate cancer cannot be cured by treatment, but it can help keep it under control and manage any symptoms. Those who have just been diagnosed may be offered chemotherapy, hormone therapy or a combination of both. Research has found that having radiotherapy together with one of the main treatments listed above can help some men with advanced prostate cancer to live longer. But radiotherapy isn’t suitable for all men with advanced prostate cancer. Once on treatment, individuals will usually have regular PSA tests, in order to check how well treatment is working and see if the cancer is affecting anywhere else in the body. Over time, the cancer may change and it may start to grow again. In this case further, and stronger, treatment may be needed. 