Nick Knowles is best known for (literally) building people a better life. The DIY SOS host is now actively working on himself too. Speaking on BBC One's Saturday Kitchen on Saturday, Knowles said he intended to lose three stone by giving up beer and wine. This is not the first time he has been on a health kick. In 2014, the TV star had a health scare that prompted him to drastically rethink how he was living his life. The DIY SOS host suffered a ruptured sinus artery. Knowles spoke about the injury and its subsequent impact on his life in an interview a few years later. “I had to find a better way to manage my health after a scare [a stress-related ruptured sinus artery in 2014]," he said in an interview with Big Issue. READ MORE: How to live longer: Your eye health may determine how long you live - here's how He continued: “I knew I couldn’t change my pace; it’s who I am. But it was plainly an issue. I was on the way to doing to myself what my father had done to himself “So I went to a retreat in Thailand. I took up yoga, became vegan, and they’ve worked well for me.” A few years later, Knowles gave a general update on his health status. Speaking to The Mirror, he explained: “I am on my feet all day with DIY SOS, and so that keeps me fairly fit. DON'T MISSCancer warning: The drink that may raise risk by 70% [ADVICE]How long have you been on statins? When side effects show [TIPS]Peter Kay health: Comics's experience of 'complex' disease [INSIGHT] “I am not fully vegan – I have never gone the whole hog, and do eat some meat, but I try to keep myself in decent nick.” Unfortunately, the DIY SOS star was beset by another health problem in 2020. Knowles caught COVID-19 and it left him with long Covid symptoms. Appearing on ITV’s Lorraine in November 2021, Nick told the host: “I had it really bad right at the start of lockdown. “Me being impatient tried to get straight back into exercise directly afterwards. “There seems to be some correlation or suggestion now that going too hard and exercise too soon after Covid can cause you problems.” He continued: “I had, what my doctors described, Long Covid for about 10 months. “No energy at all. Absolutely knackered the whole time. “I didn’t want to tell anyone because I thought I wouldn’t get a booking for work, so I kept it to myself.” Knowles said he had to take short breaks during work because he had a shortness of breath. According to Office for National Security statistics published last month, an estimated 1.8 million people living in private households in the UK were experiencing self-reported long Covid (symptoms persisting for more than four weeks after the first suspected coronavirus (COVID-19) infection that were not explained by something else) as of 3 April 2022. Of people with self-reported long Covid 382,000 (21 percent) first had (or suspected they had) COVID-19 less than 12 weeks previously, 1.3 million people (73 percent) at least 12 weeks previously, 791,000 (44 percent) at least one year previously and 235,000 (13 percent) at least two years previously.