A new study from carwow has found that London boroughs have been slow to adopt zero emission vehicles, despite the impending expansion of the ULEZ charging area. The same councils have racked up an estimated £1.25million in ULEZ emissions charges and other penalty charges. Many non-compliant council vehicles were found to have entered various emissions-based charging zones, resulting in the council being fined by themselves. Despite this, many councils are still in support of extending the ULEZ area, which could result in more councils and drivers receiving fines. Transport for London is currently consulting on the proposals, which would take effect on August 29, 2023. The expanded zone would encompass most of Greater London and see thousands more drivers be forced to pay daily charges to drive in the capital. READ MORE: Many electric car drivers 'confused' days before new charging rules TfL said it was “committed to reducing road danger and disruption in London” with any money raised from penalty charge notices (PCNs) going back into the transport network. Ealing council was charged £20,437.50 for the 1,635 times its non-compliant vehicles entered the ULEZ. Ealing Council told carwow that it “fully supports” the expansion of the ULEZ. It added: “We are ensuring our current fleet is replaced by electric and lower polluting vehicles as fast as possible. DON'T MISSThe ideal mileage to look for when buying a used car [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of new law tomorrow which may see them jailed for life [SHOCKING]Motorists warned that show of 'thanks' when driving can see £1k fine [WARNING] “We have introduced eight zero emission cars and vans, which makes up 10 percent of the fleet, and we are expecting to introduce a further 21 in the coming months. “Completing this transition is going to take a little time, as we ensure continuity and quality of services to residents.” The council added that it would be introducing 145 emission-compliant vehicles over the coming months. While some councils, like Wandsworth, Hammersmith and Fulham, and Hackney have fully ULEZ compliant fleets, many others do not. A spokesperson for London Councils, which represents local authorities in the capital, said: “Boroughs are committed to using road safety schemes and traffic reduction measures for the benefit of their residents. “These figures demonstrate that when it comes to enforcement, London boroughs and their contractors are certainly not above the law.” They added that they have “large and varied” fleets, while also sometimes using third-party contractors. The AA previously predicted that one third of drivers would be priced off roads if the ULEZ expansion would cover the whole of Greater London. The consultation admits that 18 percent of vehicles will be hit by the charges, although data from TfL shows 34 percent of drivers in the expanded area would be impacted. Speaking previously to Express.co.uk, Councillor Teresa O'Neill, leader of Bexley Council, called on Sadiq Khan to reconsider his ULEZ expansion plans for the sake of drivers. Councillor O’Neill pointed towards the cost of living crisis, saying many drivers cannot afford to pay £12.50 a day or buy a new vehicle. She added: “Sadiq Khan's ULEZ expansion plan would be disastrous for many families and businesses across Bexley. "We need sensible policies to tackle air pollution which don't tax the poorest. “Instead of punitive road charges, the Mayor should reopen Transport for London's scrappage schemes to help low-income and disabled Londoners, small businesses and charities ditch their older, polluting vehicles.”