EE is running a big sale on its fibre broadband packages, slashing the prices of all plans in half. For a limited time only, EE broadband is available for as little as £12 a month with EE mobile customers not only getting the best discounts but added freebies. If you're a new or existing EE customer you will also be able to get either 5GB or 20GB extra data to use each month, depending on what plan you're on, when you sign up to get EE broadband. The EE broadband savings are available for the first three months of a contract, after which the price goes back to normal. If you're with EE mobile already you'll get the best available discounts, with different rates available for those already with the EE mobile network and new customers. EE's standard broadband, which offers download speeds of 11Mbps, usually costs £27 a month for a 24 month contract if you're a new customer or £24 a month if you're already with EE. Thanks to the sale running right now, this can be picked up from as low as £12 a month for the first three months if you're an EE mobile customer or £13.50 if you're not. For those that require more speed, the cheapest EE fibre broadband package offers download speeds of 36Mbps and is priced at £26 a month for existing EE customers and £29 a month for new customers. The sale running right now means you'll be able to get this fibre broadband for £13 a month for the first three months if you're already an EE customer or £14.50 a month if you're not. Besides the savings available on all plans, EE is also throwing in freebies on select broadband packages too. Those that purchase the 500Mbps or 900Mbps packages will be able to get either six month or 12 month free access to Xbox Game Pass Ultimate. Xbox Game Pass Ultimate (which is priced at £10.99 a month) is a subscription service that much like Netflix offers access to a huge catalogue of games you can play. Hundreds of games are available to play with Xbox Game Pass Ultimate and you don't even need an Xbox console to enjoy the library. You can stream games via the cloud with an Xbox Game Pass Ultimate membership on your PC, Mac laptop, Android and iOS smartphone and soon even on Samsung Smart TVs. If you want to grab these freebies and take advantage of the cut-price broadband packages you don't have much longer. The EE broadband sale is only running for just over a week longer with the offers ending on July 7.