Manchester United would be the ideal destination for Frenkie de Jong, according to former Ajax and Holland midfielder Marciano Vink. De Jong is United's No 1 midfield target this summer and reports claim they are willing to pay £69million for the Barcelona man. Ten Hag is yet to make a signing since leaving Ajax for United. But it is clear he wants a Dutch influence in the dressing room, with defender Jurrien Timber also a top target. United missed out on Champions League qualification last season, which could make their task in getting De Jong harder. But Vink believes the 25-year-old is a necessity signing for the Red Devils in more ways than one. He told ESPN FC: "First of all, you need to get the players and they need to want to play for Man United. Of course, Man United is not in the Champions League, that will affect some players because they want to play in the Champions League. READ MORE: Arsenal can use William Saliba to land mega striker signing this summer  "For instance, Frenkie de Jong I think he will be brilliant at Man United. He’s a player Man United need (for) the transition between defence and midfield. "Just his style of play, his dominance, he’s the man who can give it and he knows Ten Hag of course." Sky Germany says United are ready to pay £69m for De Jong and Barca would be willing to accept that fee. Meanwhile, Vink says the midfielder will not be happy with his role at Barca until the a comes when Sergio Busquets either leaves the Nou Camp or retires. Therefore he thinks a move away is important for the progress of his career. DON'T MISSOusmane Dembele's old Chelsea tweet sends fans into a frenzy amid transfer saga [SOCIAL]Bayern Munich may have shot themselves in foot with rejected Liverpool Sadio Mane bid [OPINION]Man Utd 'ready to pay £69m' for Frenkie de Jong as Barcelona 'willing to hand over' player [RUMOUR]  Vink says De Jong can provide leadership to United and would be a big part of the Red Devils winning major silverware again. He continued: "I know Frenkie a little bit and he is an eager player. He wants to prove himself. "He is not satisfied with his role, he is not satisfied with his performance at Barcelona. For sure he wants to do better and he wants to prove to everybody that he's the right man. "But as long as Busquets is playing in his role, it's going to be very difficult. For me it's a no-brainer to go to Man United and link up again with your former manager and just give Man United a new face.  "For me that's more challenging than waiting for Busquets to retire. I do believe that Man United is going to be the place where he can develop and also help Man United get back to where they belong. "He is a special player, he's a guy who can dribble, who can put players on the wrong foot, he can create situations. He is a leader and I do believe that Man United is lacking leaders. "Of course they have great players but leaders besides Ronaldo, I don't see them. You need somebody to make the transition from defence to midfield and start directing the player." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 