Meteorologist Dan Stroud said that there will be showers and a “cloudy start” in the early hours of Monday morning. However Mr Stroud predicted that the rain will disappear leading to “dry and bright” weather for many.  Temperatures will also peak in the “low twenties” in some areas. He said: “Those showers across parts of the southwest slowly [will ease] back during the overnight period. “Overnight temperatures dipping into mid single figures, especially across parts of Scotland and Wales where we will have clearing skies. “Further south, those temperatures staying up in double figures.  “So a cloudy start across many parts of England and Wales Monday morning, with further outbreaks of rain quickly pulling offshore into the North Sea, leaving behind a good bit of dry and bright weather for many of us to enjoy on Monday. “A warmer day right across the country with temperatures into the high teens or perhaps even the low twenties across parts of England, 16 further north. “So looking at Monday evening, so a good bit of dry and bright weather, although cloud and rain starting to actually arrive across parts of the south and west late in the day.” However Mr Stroud pointed out that the forecast for the rest of the week wasn't “great” with increasingly “unsettled” weather. READ MORE: Red Arrows flypasts cancelled: RAF jets forced to axe show  He added: “Looking at the outlook period, it's not great. “We will be turning increasingly unsettled as we move through the new working week with a stronger Atlantic influence. “And by the end of the week an area of low pressure developing to the west of the UK.” In its five day forecast the Met Office has described Monday as being “fine and dry” in Scotland and Wales with some early rain disappearing in England. DON'T MISS:  New weather alert as sudden flooding could CUT OFF homes [REVEAL] UK storm warning TODAY: 'Danger to life' as Met Office issues alert [INSIGHT] BBC Weather: Thunderstorms to bring flooding as warnings issued [SPOTLIGHT]   They said: “Fine and dry for Scotland and Northern Ireland. “Cloudy start for much of England and Wales, early rain in the east slowly clearing and showers breaking out in the south.” 