A third death in the space of a week at the famous Isle of Man TT has sadly been confirmed by the event organisers. Northern Irishman Davy Morgan died following an incident in the Supersport Race on Monday.  Morgan was involved in an accident at the 27th Milestone with the race red flagged shortly after. The 52-year-old's fatal incident follows the deaths of Olivier Lavorel and Mark Purslow from this year's event. Isle of Man TT Races said in a statement on Facebook: "It is with a heavy heart that the Isle of Man TT Races can confirm the loss of Davy Morgan following an incident on the final lap of the first Supersport Race of the 2022 Isle of Man TT Races. "We extend our deepest sympathy to Davy’s partner Trudy, his family, loved ones, and friends. "Davy was a stalwart of the TT paddock, with 2022 marking 20 years since he first competed in the Isle of Man TT Races. Today’s Supersport Race was his 80th TT race start.  "His distinctive pink helmet was a regular and recognisable sight within road racing, having competed in hundreds of races across the Manx Grand Prix, Classic TT, Southern 100, North West 200, Ulster Grand Prix, Macau Grand Prix, Oliver’s Mount, and Irish national races, with numerous podiums and race victories along the way. "Aged 52, Davy had contemplated walking away from the sport in recent years, but the COVID-enforced break had shown him what a life without racing would be like. "Davy was well-respected and highly-experienced competitor. As a result, his peers looked up to him, learned from him, and loved to race with him. He will be sorely missed."  Lavorel was a newcomer to Isle of Man TT and was a passenger in his compatriot Cesar Chanel's sidecar before they're fatal crash. Chanel was airlifted to Aintree Hospital and remains in a 'critical condition'. British rider Purslow was also killed earlier in the week when he crashed in qualifying on Wednesday. There has now been a total of 263 fatalities at the Isle of Man TT Mountain Course. There's also been a number of incidents through the years involving spectators and non-racers. Back in 2007, spectators Dean Jacob and Gregory Kenzig lost their lives when Marc Ramsbotham crashed with the rider also dying at the scene. 