As Sir Paul McCartney turns 80 today, plenty of his famous friends have taken to social media to mark the legendary singer’s birthday with heartfelt messages and throwback photographs. Leading the A-Listers was Rolling Stones icon, Ronnie Wood. In view of his 626,000 followers, Ronnie shared a series of snaps which included the pair performing on stage, posing alongside Rod Stewart during the rocker's wedding to Sally, and with Paul’s late wife Linda.Ronnie wrote in the caption: “Wishing Paul McCartney a very happy 80th birthday!!”The official Instagram account for Linda also paid tribute to the 80-year-old.They posted a photograph of the singer that was taken by Linda the same year they got married. READ MORE:Nick Knowles, 59, and girlfriend Katie Dadzie, 32, loved-up at Ascot The caption read: “Paul. London, 1969.” Paul and Linda were married from 1969 until her death in 1998. The official account for fellow Beatle, George Harrison, also marked the occasion. A spokesperson for the late star penned: “Happy Birthday, Paul McCartney." On Thursday night, Jon Bon Jovi sang Happy Birthday to Paul when he surprised him on stage during a performance in New Jersey.Clips shared to Twitter from the gig saw Jon walk onto the stage with balloons saying: “I know it’s somebody’s birthday!”Clearly surprised, Sir Paul questioned: “Who’s that?” Before turning and greeting his friend with a hug.The Livin’ On A Prayer singer then encouraged the audience to join in as he sang Happy Birthday to the star. DON'T MISSJames Martin in rare outing with secretive girlfriend Louise Davies[PICTURES]‘Everyone makes mistakes!’ Chris Packham defends Springwatch blunders[NEWS]Carol Vorderman, 61, puts on busty display in tight-fitting dress[LATEST] As Jon departed the stage, Paul exclaimed: “It’s erm, Jon Bon Jovi! Take a bow! Yee-haw.”Elsewhere on social media, many more stars have shared tributes to Paul.Piers Morgan posted a throwback snap of the pair with the caption: “Happy 80th Birthday, Macca!”Beach Boys guitarist Al Jardine added: “Happy 80th Birthday Paul! Thank you for all the wonderful music you’ve given us and everything you’ve done to make the world a better place. “You truly are an inspiration!!”Actor Rob Schneider said: “’Let it be’ that Sir Paul McCartney knows that his musical generosity of spirit and love have forever changed the world with positivity, joy and screaming happiness.  “HAPPY 80th to the greatest entertainer who ever lived. May God bless you. You are a blessing for us all!”And Singer Carole King added: “Happy Birthday Paul McCartney. Welcome to the 80s.”