Arsenal are reportedly closing in on a deal to sign Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City with talks said to be 'very advanced'. The Gunners are desperate to bring in a central striker this summer having lost both Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette in the last six months. Jesus has emerged as the club's top target this summer with the Brazilian having just 12 months left on his contract at City. With both Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez moving to the Etihad this summer, Jesus' minutes look set to be diminished next year. Arsenal can offer him a regular starting role it seems, but they aren't the only club interested. The Gunners are now moving quickly to try and strike an agreement, with transfer expert Fabrizio Romano claiming talks are 'very advanced'. It is said there are still 'key details' to resolve in negotiations regarding both the player and his agent. But Romano warns there could still be a twist in the transfer saga with both Tottenham and Paris Saint-Germain waiting in the wings.  Spurs pipped Arsenal to a top four finish at the end of last season and would deliver another blow if they're able to steal Jesus from under their rivals' noses. Meanwhile, PSG are in the market to find a replacement for Angel Di Maria, who's left the French capital as a free agent. The 34-year-old was a regular in PSG's starting line-up last season with Neymar struggling with injury and fitness issues. But Jesus' agent, Marcelo Pettinati, has already hinted that Arsenal are in the frontseat for his client's signature. Speaking back in May, Pettinati said: "We like the project [at Arsenal]".  Jesus has reportedly grown frustrated at being overlooked by Pep Guardiola in the starting line-up and he started just 21 Premier League games last season. But Thierry Henry explained back in April what City will be losing if they let Jesus leave. “We saw that he scored four goals at the weekend - when he is in the box, he’s one of the three that is playing, or since (Sergio) Aguero left, he has that 'nine' instinct," Henry said. “He has what the number nine would smell. What I like with him is that when he puts pressure, whether it’s on the left, on the right or in the middle, he doesn’t have a problem defending in these situations by coming back and helping his team.” 