Arsenal will hold further talks with Raphinha’s representatives after sealing the signing of Gabriel Jesus according to reports. The Leeds winger is represented by former Chelsea player Deco and the Portugal legend has been offering his client to many of the Premier League’s top clubs. Arsenal have reportedly agreed a £45 million deal for Manchester City striker Jesus and have now switched their attention to securing the signature of his international teammate Raphinha. The Gunners submitted a formal bid for the wideman last week however it was rejected out of hand by Leeds for being too low. The Yorkshire side are reluctant to part with their key player, who has scored 17 goals in 65 games since he joined the club. Jesse Marsch has placed a £65m transfer fee on the player’s services as a result. However, Goal Brazil has reported that this has not put off Gunners boss Mikel Arteta who now looks set to return for the nine-times capped international this week. The club’s representatives will meet Deco and Raphinha’s other agents in order to work out how to move the deal along. The Emirates side are hopeful that the transfer fee can be negotiated down. READ MORE: Man Utd edge towards Frenkie de Jong transfer as Barcelona 'close deal' for replacement The Gunners’ fierce Premier League rivals Tottenham and Chelsea are both credited with an interest, however, it is Spanish giants Barcelona that are said to be the Brazilian’s preferred destination, with Raphinha ‘willing to wait’ for the club. The La Liga runners-up are struggling as a result of financial fair play regulations with the club needing to offload players before they can make new signings. Manchester United’s deal for midfielder Frenkie de Jong could help the club raise the funds required - but it may not be enough. Barca are also thought to be very keen on bringing Bayern Munich star Robert Lewandowksi to the Camp Nou and hence could be forced to choose between the two. This would leave the door open for Arsenal to make further additions to their squad. It would be by no means an easy deal to complete should the Catalonian side pull out of the race with Raphinha believed to prefer a move to Chelsea over the Gunners if he is forced to remain in England. Arsenal have already been busy this summer moving to secure the signature of Fabio Vieira from Porto and agreed a deal for Jesus. The club have also reportedly bid for Ajax centre-back Lisandro Martinez. However, it would be a move for Raphinha that will be the most exciting for devoted Gooners and the club’s supporters will continue to watch his transfer saga unfold with keen interest. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here