The Duke of Sussex and his friend Ignacio 'Nacho' Figueras beamed in a photograph taken last week after a match at the Santa Barbara Polo and Racquet Club. Prince Harry beamed while being hugged by the polo player and team leader of the Los Padres, of which the Duke is also a member. In the snap, the pair are wearing their team's shirts, paired with dark-coloured trousers. Mr Figueras also wears a cap with the team's name, while the Duke dons a brown one bearing the logo of Archewell - the organisation founded by the Sussexes in late 2020. Mr Figueras shared the picture with his 184,000 Instagram followers on Sunday to mark Father's Day. He wrote: "Happy Father’s Day to all the padres from the padres of the #lospadrespoloteam". The fans of the polo players were quick to comment on the snap, with some addressing the two close friends as "brothers", while the gap between the Dukes of Cambridge and Sussex has reportedly not yet been bridged despite Meghan and Harry's recent trip to the UK to mark the Platinum Jubilee. Instagram user sussexroyal_life wrote: "Two handsome brothers #happyfathersday". Another, franceszwei, wrote: "Wow! The precious brothers. Happy Father's Day. Hope Prince Harry will go to Aspen with you". A third fan, greyessed, wrote: "Happy Father's Day to both of you. We love you guys. Bros 4 life". READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'hoped to reconcile with Kate' for children to bond Others wished the two dads a happy Father's Day, with bdjjmf writing: "Happy Father’s Day we love and cherish your friendship". Prince Harry debuted in a game with the Los Padres in early May, more than two years after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex relocated to California after stepping down as senior royals. But Mr Figueras and Harry have been playing polo together for years, particularly in charity matches raising funds for Sentebale, the organisation co-founded by the Duke and Prince Seeiso of Lesotho in the mid-2000s. Mr Figueras has dedicated a number of Instagram posts to his friend Harry over the past few months. Two weeks ago, he shared with his followers another picture showing himself and Prince Harry smiling after a match, saying: "What a joy to see u smile and be so happy. I love being your teammate. Vamos #lospadrespoloteam". And seven weeks ago, upon sharing a picture of members of the Los Padres team including the Duke, the polo star wrote: "Thrilled to be riding alongside my friend, Prince Harry, and the rest of the Los Padres team at the @santabarbarapoloclub‘s Harry East Memorial Tournament. "We’ve ridden together many times over the years and now that we’re both parents, it’s extra special to be able to spend this time together. "The name Los Padres was inspired by the proximity of the field to the Los Padres National Forest and also by our connection as fathers." Mr Figueras' Father's Day post came as the three royal households shared on Twitter messages marking the special day. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge published a never-before-seen picture of William surrounded by his smiling children. The snap was taken last October, during the family's holiday in Jordan. Buckingham Palace shared a picture dating back to 1946 showing the Queen, at the time Princess Elizabeth, chatting with her father King George VI. And Clarence House shared three snaps to honour three different fathers. The first picture was a tribute to Prince Philip, while the second was dedicated to Camilla's father, Bruce Shand. The third celebrated Prince Charles as a father, showing the Prince of Wales laying down on the grass while hugged by his young children Harry and William.