Prince Harry sported his ceremonial medals as he appeared for the Service of Thanksgiving on Friday. Arriving at St Paul's Cathedral in London, the Duke of Sussex, 37, wore his special Platinum Jubilee medal. The Duke was awarded this medal by the Queen, and he proudly pinned it to his chest.  As with previous jubilees, the Queen paid privately for the medals to be given to members of her wider family, both working and non-working. The commemorative medals were also being presented to frontline staff at the police, fire and emergency services who have completed five years' service, as a token of thanks. Members of the royal household with one year of qualifying service received medals too. This included Prince Harry.  READ MORE: Lady Louise Windsor health: Royal's ‘profound’ battle with eye problem He wore it with a number of other medals, including the Afghanistan Operational Service Medal in 2008 for service in Helmand Province. It is understood that Harry wore his medals with his "civilian dress" during the event, where the dress code may have said "decorations". Prince Charles' youngest son spent 10 years in the army and served two tours of Afghanistan. The royal also accessorised with his KCVO Neck Order, which is awarded as part of the Royal Victorian Order.  This is a monarchical order of knighthood, which was given to Harry in 2015 by the Queen “for services to the sovereign”. On the other side of his jacket, he wore medals for the Golden Jubilee, 2012 Diamond Jubilee and Platinum Jubilee. In January, a royal said: “In common with previous jubilees, it is likely that wider members of the Royal Family would receive the Platinum Jubilee medal. “They are funded privately and are commemorative.”  Timothy Noad from the College of Arms designed the Queen's Platinum Jubilee medal. It is made of nickel silver, which features the Ian Rank-Broadley portrait of the Queen with the Latin inscription “Elizabeth II Dei Gratia Regina Fid Def”. This means “Elizabeth II, By the Grace of God, Queen, Defender of the Faith”. On the reverse is the heraldic image of the royal crest and the years of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee - 1952-2022.  Other royals including Prince Charles, Prince William and Prince Edward were also snapped wearing the medals during the event. Meghan Markle, meanwhile, donned a custom Dior white coat. She paired this with a Dior hat designed by Stephen Jones and Dior D-Moi bone suede pumps. For jewellery, she accessorised with her Maison Birks ‘snowflake’ earrings and her Cartier ‘Love’ yellow gold bracelet. 