Isaac (played by Elias Walker) was last seen on Emmerdale in February with his mother, Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb), and although he hasn't been seen since, his family members are always talking about him. The youngster discovered in Wednesday night's instalment of the ITV soap that his grandmother, Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter) was going to be living at Barton's Farm with him, his mother and his brother, Kyle Winchester (Huey Quinn). Unfortunately, a conversation he overheard could result in a secret being exposed which could end up tearing the family apart. At the beginning of the episode, Faith was seen talking to Moira about some of the effects she was feeling after her first round of chemotherapy. This included being sick and feeling lethargic, symptoms which she wouldn't be able to hide from her daughter, Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) for too long. As she once again told Moira she didn't want anyone to find out she had been diagnosed with secondary breast cancer, the former came up with an idea. To try and avoid any slip-ups, which have so far included Faith telling Chas that Moira is going through menopause, the farmer suggested her mother-in-law moved in with her. With Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) still away in Scotland, she said it was the perfect time for the two women to live together. READ MORE: 'He's awful!' Question of Sport fans slam captain's sports knowledge Faith was really grateful for Moira's help and explained to Chas she was going to be moving out of the Woolpack for a bit. Even though Chas was suspicious, she said she understood Moira might need support given her current condition and also offered to help in any way she could. Chas said she would bring over a bottle of wine to help Moira offload or she would babysit Isaac if she needed some time for herself. Moira was grateful and it is likely in the coming weeks she will take Chas up on her offer to keep up the story she has menopause. When in reality, she would be taking her mother-in-law to future chemotherapy appointments at the hospital. Settling into Barton's Farm, Faith came out of her room and found Moira playing with Isaac and his toys in the front room. It seemed the two women had completely forgotten Isaac was of an age where he could understand some of the things they were talking about, or at least relay them to people. "How are you feeling?" Moira asked Faith, who replied: "Ok. I gave myself five minutes after unpacking and then before I know it, an hour has gone and I'm dribbling. "But I can always make myself useful. I can peel some potatoes for our dinner," she said, with Isaac seeming happy at the prospect of his dinner being made. "That is not why you are here. No, you sit down and I will make you a cuppa." Moria added as she seemed to give the game away something was wrong with Faith. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley addresses behind the scenes ‘trouble’ [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Ash Palmisciano pays tribute to ‘role model’ late mum [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock issues warning to fans on Facebook [COMMENT] "Thank you for humouring me, you don't know what it means," Faith told her daughter-in-law as she went to put the kettle on. Moira proceeded to drop the biggest hint everything with her was fine as she said to Faith: "Well, I wouldn't let you throw me headfirst into fake menopause if I didn't." "Well, fake or real, you carry it off with real class," the Dingle matriarch replied. "Let's hope I can carry it off with Cain and Chas when it all kicks off and they find out what you talked me into," Moira remarked with a grin on her face as she was winding Faith up. As Kyle came through the door, they stopped talking about any illnesses and instead turned the conversation to watching a film after dinner. It might not be Kyle they should be worried about because if Chas does end up looking after Isaac, she could discover her mother is dying. Isaac could accidentally say his mother and grandmother were discussing the latter being poorly and she needed to rest. With the secret out in the open, Chas could confront her mother and discover Faith does have secondary cancer and is being treated for it. The heartbreaking part for Chas will be when her mother tells her the cancer is incurable and has spread to different parts of her body. With the clock ticking and with possibly only months left to live, will Faith wish she had told her children sooner? The actress who plays Faith, Sally, has spoken out about taking on this storyline, saying: "It's upsetting, but really important as a storyline because it's more than a storyline for so many people. "It matters to people who are going through it as well as people who will go through it. I feel a sense of real responsibility, but also a privilege to be doing this storyline." Producer Laura Shaw added: "Faith's zest for life with her spicy sense of humour and appetite for fun and adventure means that while there will inevitably be some painful and heart-wrenching moments, we will also see life-affirming and positive moments of light in the story too. "Given the calibre of actor Sally is, I know she will approach the story with great honesty and depth and do it justice and this, in turn, will raise awareness of such an important issue that affects many people on a daily basis." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.