Numerous people have gone online to share their close shaves with the inconspicuous text message, and warn others to stay alert. The bank is aware of the issue, and is prompting Britons to stay safe and report it immediately. One version of the text reads: “Santander. An attempt to add J Smith as a Trusted Payee was successful. “If this was NOT you, then please visit https: // payee.cancellation95 .com.” Understandably, a message of this kind may be worrying to savers who have not established a new payee on their account. Prompted by the text message, they could be inclined to click the link in attempts to resolve the issue. READ MORE: National Insurance: Sunak's £3,631 'secret tax raid' to 'crush' Brits However, this is an action which should be avoided at all costs as it could have devastating consequences. The text message is an example of what is known as phishing, where scammers pretend to be from legitimate sources such as banks to steal personal information. The link, while seemingly appearing legitimate, is actually a front used by scammers to prompt Britons into logging into what they believe is their online banking. Their username, password, and other potential details are then exposed, which leaves them vulnerable. DON'T MISSState pension: Grandparents could secure a boost worth £2,340 [EXPLAINED]Woman, 42, ‘cuts tablets in half’ in prescription charge struggle [LATEST]WASPI women welcome new boost in ongoing fight for compensation [INSIGHT] It could allow scammers to wipe out someone’s bank account within minutes, making off with a victim’s hard-earned cash. One social media user, @mattrfreeman, sounded the alarm to Santander, writing: “I’ve had a text saying a new trusted payee has been added to my account. “It’s a name I don’t recognise with a link to follow if it wasn’t me. Assume this is a scam?” Fortunately, Santander was on hand to help, and urged those who came into contact with this scam, or any like it, to send it on to smishing@santander.co.uk. READ MORE: ‘Easier than you think!’ Britons could secure £1million pension pot @Mattrfreeman replied: “Thanks for confirming. I got worried for a moment!” It is this worry the scammers are playing on, with hopes of hooking a concerned saver with their devious tricks. Sadly, one person said they were reeled in by the scam, with @thewrldsucks writing: “I received a scam text and foolishly entered by details into the fake site, only realising about a minute later. “I panicked, and locked my account, meaning I can no longer use online banking. What is the easiest way that I can unlock it again?” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Santander was on hand to offer guidance to anyone who may have been tricked in this way. They encourage anyone who has been scammed to contact their bank’s security team immediately. Individuals may wish to use the number on the back of their bank card to ensure they are speaking to a legitimate source. Any payments may be able to be stopped to secure a person’s account and protect them from scammers. Victims of scams can also report the matter to Action Fraud, where it will be investigated further.