The Platinum Jubilee is in full swing, with two more days of huge events to celebrate the Queen’s 70 years on the throne. The event is the first of its kind for a British monarch, as Queen Elizabeth II is the longest-serving ruler in UK history. The Jubilee is being marked by a series of grand events, including a spectacular Trooping the Colour on Thursday, a service of Thanksgiving on Friday, a garden party on Saturday and a huge pageant on Sunday. The Platinum Party at the Palace concert will take place on Saturday, June 4, with some of the biggest names in the world in attendance. Tickets to the show were balloted and that ballot closed on March 23, so there is unfortunately now no way to get into the concert. However, the entire show will be broadcast live on television and radio. So what will be happening at the Platinum Party at the Palace? READ MORE: Harry and Meghan's privacy demands questioned after rolling window The full line-up for the party was announced in May. Queen + Adam Lambert, Alicia Keys, Hans Zimmer, Ella Eyre, Craig David, Mabel, Elbow and George Ezra will share the three-stage set up even more artists, including Duran Duran, Andrea Bocelli, Mimi Webb, Sam Ryder, Jax Jones, Celeste, Nile Rodgers, Sigala and Diversity. Queen + Adam Lambert will open the concert with a very special one-off production. The gig is likely to remind many of Brian May’s historic appearance on the Palace roof at the Golden Jubilee Concert in 2002. Speaking for Queen + Adam Lambert, Brian May said: “Twenty years after playing The Queen’s glorious Golden Jubilee we’re very happy to be invited again. Then there was a moment when I wondered… after Buckingham Palace roof where can you go? Well … you will see!” Diana Ross will close the festivities with a concert on the Queen Victoria memorial at the end of the Mall. It will be her first UK live performance in 15 years. DON'T MISSCarol Vorderman swipes at PM as he’s booed outside St Paul's [INSIGHT]Princess Eugenie inked! Royal shows daring tattoo behind ear [PICTURES]Her majesty's loyalty to the UK is exemplary, says Christine Kershaw [REPORT] Diana Ross said: “I have had the honour of meeting The Queen many times throughout my life, including when I was with my family. “Her Majesty has and continues to be such an incredible inspiration to so many across the world and I was absolutely delighted to receive an invitation to perform on such a momentous and historic occasion.” Outside of the musical offerings, a whole host of famous British speakers and performers will be taking part. Sir David Attenborough, Emma Raducanu, David Beckham, Stephen Fry, Dame Julie Andrews, The Royal Ballet, and Ellie Simmonds will also be appearing at the event. There will also be a specially recorded performance from Sir Elton John, who has been a longtime friend of the royals. The Platinum Party design consists of three stages, linked by walkways, which create a 360-degree experience in front of Buckingham Palace and the Queen Victoria Memorial. There will also be 70 columns representing the monarch’s 70-year reign that can be illuminated to provide a full formation of lights and beams. The Platinum Party at the Palace will be broadcast on the BBC, with coverage beginning in the evening. On BBC One, Kirsty Young and Roman Kemp will be hosting live coverage of the Buckingham Palace party from 7.30pm. Those away from a television can tune into Radio 2 to listen to the performances live. Coverage will also be available to watch in full on iPlayer following the event.