Manchester South RMT posted the photo on Twitter claiming Mr Lineker was showing “solidarity” with the strikers. It said: “@GaryLineker standing with the @RMTunion track workers on strike! Solidarity!” However, others on Twitter didn’t take kindly to the former England striker-turned BBC star posing with the pickets. TalkTV host Julia Hartley-Brewer tweeted the photo and captioned it “Of course he did.” Others had a laugh at the BBC star’s expense. One user tweeted a photo of an astronaut on the moon captioned “Lineker could not have been there. This is a photo of him taken this afternoon.”   Still others criticised Mr Lineker for not caring about the havoc the strikes were wreaking on the UK. Another user said: “He didn’t get there by train though did he… all right for him and his BBC funded car service. You can bet if the cab drivers went on strike he’d be furious.” One added: “He can get about in his 6 litre Mercedes. He doesn't care.” The photo of Mr Lineker posing with the strikers was taken outside of Manchester Piccadilly. READ MORE:  Around 40,000 rail workers walked out earlier this week causing severe delays and cancelled trains for commuters and travellers around the country. The workers began to picket as last minute talks on Monday to prevent the strike action fell through. The strikes hit Tuesday and today (Thursday) and workers are set to walk out again on Saturday. It is estimated that up to 90 per cent of workers have been forced to work from home, according to reports by The Daily Mail.  DON'T MISS:Ukraine: Zelensky hits jackpot with new fighter jet deal [LIVE]Kate's intervention to salvage William and Harry's relationship failed [REPORT]How Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall stays 'fit and slim' at 74 - tips [INSIGHT] The Rail Maritime and Transport Workers (RMT) union has warned that strikes will intensify throughout the summer if it does not reach a suitable deal. It has already rejected an offer of two per cent pay raise with an additional one per cent contingent on job cuts. The RMT is demanding seven per cent raise while pointing to inflation expected to reach a 40-year high of 11 per cent later this year. The strike comes amid travel chaos in general in the UK with skyrocketing petrol prices and nightmare scenarios of holidaymakers stranded after cancelled flights. 