Following their sensational opening to The Platinum Party at the Palace for The Queen’s Jubilee, Queen and Adam Lambert have embarked on a 10-date residency at The O2. Two nights in and Brian May keeps enthusing on his Instagram about the joy of being back on stage after a two-year delay. The 74-year-old said how much he loved performing Love of My Life in particular when footage of Freddie Mercury joins in with him. Brian posted: “In this moment I feel so lucky. What a beautiful sight ! For little me, sitting out there all on my own last night in London’s O2 Arena, singing Love Of My Life, in the midst of 15 thousand waving fairy lights, I felt strangely at home and among friends. I’m pretty sure it was our best show yet - to an audience who gave every ounce back to us - amazing ! Thanks dear HomeFolks ! Gonna enjoy seeing more of you tonight !!! Bri.” The guitarist then went on to praise Adam Lambert’s incredible vocals, saying: “Here’s our boy ! In crackin’ form last night. I swear there isn’t a voice in Christendom to match those amazing pipes ! It’s a real privilege to work with …. The One and Only … Madam Lambert !!! Bri.” blaylockgang commented: “Freddie is looking down on him and smiling that amazing smile of his!” badwilf wrote: “Nobody can replace Freddie, but Adam comes pretty damn close. Amazing voice.” However, saskiasunnivajohanna received some upvotes for: “Never as good as Freddie.” Another recent post by Brian saw him dressed as a cyborg during the guitar solo of Bohemian Rhapsody at the show. Sharing the footage, Brian wrote: “My Cyborg friend was also on form last night. Brilliantly captured in 3-D by my dear friend Sarah Falk. It’s great that some people think he’s me … how amazing is technology today … BRI.” Meanwhile, Roger Taylor - whose posts are rarer – shared a snap from last night at The O2. DON'T MISSQueen tour: Brian May's slow-mo footage of powerful ‘new toy’ – WATCH [BRIAN MAY]Brian May makes touching Freddie Mercury nod at Queen concert – WATCH [FREDDIE MERCURY]Brian May ‘heartbroken’ Another World wasn't in Sliding Doors movie [BRIAN MAY] The Queen drummer captioned it: “Thank you London! BRILLIANT CROWD! Show 2 of our 10 night run at the @theo2london.” Queen and Adam Lambert have a night off today but return to North Greenwich for two more on Wednesday and Thursday, before heading to Birmingham for a couple of weekend shows. Then it’s back to The O2 for six more concerts and they'll be heading off on their European tour. To book Queen and Adam Lambert tickets, click here.