Snowflake Mountain is a survival show with a twist as it sees 10 adults in their 20s who cannot do anything for themselves, trying to become self-reliant in the great outdoors. The overly dramatic, emotional and often squeamish contestants are given various tasks to complete and whoever wins at the end gets $50,000. Viewers have loved watching each of the "snowflakes" go on their journeys but one star, in particular, wasn't winning himself much love in the beginning. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Snowflake Mountain.When Solomon was first introduced, he referred to himself as a "king" in his own right and said no one else would be able to walk in his shoes. He was insistent on documenting most of their journey through the wild and claimed he was "funemployed" rather than unemployed. What really got fans' backs up was when Solomon had a confrontation with Devon. The exchange began when some of the team, including Solomon, decided to hide food from the other half of the group. READ MORE: Jon Kay skewers Eustice over energy usage plans When Solomon was caught out, a blazing row started between himself and some of the other stars. He told Randy: "You are such a loser, bro," before shouting at Devon: "Grow up, you're 20 years old now. "I brought the beauty when you brought the ugly. I'm the biggest somebody here." His reaction didn't exactly go down well with one Twitter user commenting: "Nope, don’t like Solomon #SnowflakeMountain He needs a serious reality check." Another tweeted: "Omg does anyone watch Snowflake Mountain? I need to talk to someone about how much of a terrible person Solomon is." Solomon returned to his hometown of Los Angeles where he continues to live his extravagant lifestyle. Many of his Instagram posts revolve around his religious beliefs and thoughts which he shares with his 1,400 followers. Despite the rough start of Snowflake Mountain, it does seem Solomon has started focusing on what he wants to do with his life. He is currently conducting faith-based mentoring and coaching for those in need of some personal direction. DON'T MISS...Denise Welch in fiery clash with Loose Women co-star over age row [REACTION]Snowflake Mountain fans blast series over living conditions [EXPLAINER]Where is Snowflake Mountain filmed?  [LOCATION] Going from his social media, it doesn't appear Solomon is dating anyone. Instead, he is concentrating on himself and his online faith coaching venture. His time on Snowflake Mountain didn't go according to plan though as he failed to make many friends, especially after the food-stealing incident. Solomon decided the experience wasn't for him before the show was up and returned home. There has been no talk regarding the future of Snowflake Mountain so far. Netflix hasn't given the green light for the reality show to come back for a second season. Seeing how the series came out just last week, it may still be too early for a renewal. Snowflake Mountain is available to watch on Netflix.