The change came into effect in March and has affected vulnerable people, as well as those who may just have weak signal. The Financial Conduct Authority wanted to monitor how banks are implementing the new security measures which are designed to combat fraud. The new security measure is called two factor authentication. It adds a second security step when people purchase things online. After people enter their three digit security code, there is a second stage which could be a six digit number sent to one’s phone. However there are many people who may struggle completing the second step of this authentication due to weak mobile signal or Britons who may find it hard use technology which could prevent them from seeing and entering the code in time. One alternative is a card reader which can generate its own PIN once someone inserts their card. READ MORE: PIP claimants could be due up £5,000 from DWP - are you owed back payment?  “If I want something I’m entitled to buy it if I have the money for it.” To help her avoid any further issues, Molly told Money Box that she spent £1,000 on an iPad to use their facial recognition for the second step authentication which she finds much easier. Jana Mackintosh, managing Director for Payments and Innovation at UK Finance discussed the options available for those who may struggle to make these payments. She explained that some vulnerable customers such as those living in rural areas could initially struggle but it takes some getting used to. She said: “There are many options available, there are digital solutions around your mobile phone or online banking like facial recognition. “But there are also other solutions available and we’ve seen that where customers can shop online, they find that they have some sort of connection whether that’s the landline that your bank can phone to give you a code or whether its an internet connection which they can receive an email. “We’ve tried to cater for all these different scenarios but there are difficult situations. “We encourage customers to phone their banks and speak to them if they do not understand.” The new changes have been enabled under the new Financial Conduct Authority fraud-prevention rules, also known as Strong Customer Authentication. The new measures are hoped to curb fraudsters from taking advantage of Britons. There was over £350million stolen through card fraud in 2020 so the regulators are keen to put in extra steps of protection. Shoppers will now need to prove their identity before making payments online. People may now have to put in a code, sent by their banks before a transaction goes through.