Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag could cause England boss Gareth Southgate a major headache heading into the World Cup later this year, claims Tony Cascarino. The former Chelsea and Aston Villa striker says if Ten Hag does not view Harry Maguire as a big part of his plans at Old Trafford, it could have repercussions at international level. Maguire has been a mainstay of the England team for the past two major tournaments. Despite his poor form for his club last season, Southgate continued to select the £80million defender. However, Southgate has always maintained he will only pick players who are regularly featuring for their clubs. Cascarino can see a situation where new United boss Ten Hag drops Maguire down the pecking order. The Red Devils are heavily linked with Ajax defender Jurrien Timber, who could partner Raphael Varane at the back for Ten Hag. Cascarino wonders whether Southgate would break his own rule to continue to pick Maguire even if he is not playing for United. READ MORE: Benfica respond to Man Utd 'swap deal offer for Darwin Nunez' with counter proposal  He said on talkSPORT: "I think his career is going to change slightly in the next year. Obviously Ten Hag's come in at Man United but what he thinks of Harry Maguire, whether he plays football. "You may have a scenario where he plays really well for England, he gets to the start of the season and Ten Hag isn't playing him for Man United. Now what does Gareth do? "That is a possible scenario. It's not unlikely because there's going to be a lot of scapegoats of what's happened to Man United in the last year. "Last season was dreadful and there will be scapegoats and Harry Maguire might be one of them. Ten Hag might go down the road of 'not for me'. DON'T MISSLeeds set two conditions for Raphinha transfer with Barcelona in 'advanced talks' [RUMOUR]Tottenham target Alessandro Bastoni's agent hints where client will play next season [QUOTES]Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd make Nunez swap deal offer, £34m Arsenal swoop, Newcastle bid [BLOG]  "That happens sometimes in club football. He's going to be second fiddle or might be on the bench and then Gareth doesn't have one of his leading men. "Although he's not let him down, is he brave enough Gareth, because it will take bravery to do it, to select a player who's not in a club side if that was the scenario and then select him for the World Cup?" Ten Hag said he was looking forward to working with Maguire at his first press conference as United boss last month. He said: "I have to repeat that next season is a different season but I think he did a great job. "He's a great player, he's achieved already a lot really also [with his] contribution to Manchester United. So I'm looking forward to working with him." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 