Mick Schumacher is struggling to carry the burden of his family name in F1, and Kevin Magnussen has also contributed to his woes so far, according to motorsport legend Walter Rohrl. Schumacher has yet to taste a top-10 finish in an F1 car, possibly leaving Haas team principal Guenther Steiner with something to consider. Michael Schumacher is widely recognised as the greatest F1 driver of all time, winning a record seven world titles throughout his storied career. So hopes were unsurprisingly high for his 23-year-old son after winning the F3 European Championship in 2018 and the F2 Championship in 2020. But since becoming a permanent member of Haas at the start of the 2021 season, Schumacher has failed to win a single point across 29 races, despite the American team's significant improvement this year. He has also already suffered two expensive crashes in 2022, splitting his car in half in both, most recently at Monaco last time out. And Rohrl has thrown doubt over whether Mick will continue his father's iconic legacy in F1. He told Die Welt: "He carries an enormous burden with his father's name and his great successes. It looks like he doesn't have the outstanding talent that his father had." JUST IN: Toto Wolff has bad news for Lewis Hamilton after Brit's public demands Meanwhile, Magnussen has claimed all 15 of Haas' points this season after being selected as Nikita Mazepin's late replacement, which is also likely contributing to Schumacher's worries. "Kevin Magnussen has a good grip on him," Rohrl explained. "That puts additional pressure on him, brings explosiveness into the team and doesn't make it any easier." Rohrl has even suggested that Haas 'won't keep going' with Schumacher if he continues to suffer costly crashes and record low finishes. The German driver will be under pressure to deliver an improved race in Sunday's Azerbaijan Grand Prix. READ MORE: Hamilton rules out Ferrari move as Brit vows to stay loyal to Mercedes He continued: "He simply has far too many accidents at the moment, all of which cost a lot of money. If nothing comes of it, they won't keep going indefinitely. Formula 1 is brutal and cold. It looks like he doesn't have the outstanding talent that his father had. "He drove at the front straight away. Whereas in the meantime, of course, times have changed and the cars are becoming more and more important and the people less and less important. It remains to be seen whether he can withstand the pressure and hold his own against Magnussen at some point."