Newcastle United fans may have the last laugh in their long-running transfer saga with Hugo Ekitike, despite supposedly walking away from the deal due to slow progress from the player's camp. Reports from France indicate that links to Paris Saint-Germain were nothing more than a tactic to drive up the price, which could leave Ekitike hanging on his search for a new club. Newcastle came close to signing Ekitike not once, but twice. Back in January, things appeared to be progressing well before the striker decided that another half-season of development in his homeland would be best for his development. This summer, the parties had come as close as agreeing a fee, which would have commanded £25.6million up front and more in add-ons. The Toon were naturally thrilled to be getting their hands on the 20-year-old, who scored 10 goals in his breakthrough Ligue 1 season, but late demands for more payments appear to have left the deal dead in the water. Newcastle may still have the last laugh. According to Le Parisien, PSG have distanced themselves from the youngster's signature amid claims that the transfer links were little more than an underhand tactic for Reims to drive up the price. JUST IN: Tottenham step up Richarlison chase with ambitious £20m-plus-player transfer bid With the French outfit subsequently out of the running and Newcastle annoyed by how negotiations have unfolded, the efforts to bank more cash may ultimately leave Ekitike without his hotly-anticipated move this summer. On Twitter, @TotallyNUFC remarked: "Got some growing up to do this lad. The arrogance and how they operate won’t appeal to many, as he’s coming across as a big time Charlie before he’s achieved much at all." DON'T MISS: Four players Maxwell may land for Chelsea if appointed transfer chiefChelsea follow up interest in Inter Milan star after Lukaku talksChelsea owner Boehly holds talks with City to 'finalise' Sterling deal Meanwhile, @4huntA added: "Just forget about him, move on to the next player. It will be his biggest regret in his career." Indeed, the Magpies are believed to be surveying the market for alternative options including Chelsea youngster Armando Broja. Express Sport understands that Thomas Tuchel is keen to have a good look at the frontman in pre-season, having enjoyed an impressive campaign on loan at Southampton last time out. West Ham are also thought to be in the running, and despite a potential opportunity to feature for the Blues next term, offers coming in for the 20-year-old this summer will be assessed. The likes of Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Richarlison and Victor Osimhen are also rumoured to be on Newcastle's radar as they hunt for attacking reinforcements. The latter option may be the most realistic of the three, even if it would take a mammoth offer for Napoli to make a profit on the Nigerian. Eddie Howe and co have already completed two permanent signings since the window opened, with Nick Pope arriving from Burnley and Matt Targett sealing a permanent switch from Aston Villa.