Craig Rowe is one of A Place in the Sun’s newest presenters and ever since he joined the Channel 4 show earlier this year, he has helped many house hunters to find their dream properties abroad. Along with the likes of Laura Hamilton and Ben Hillman, Craig's job is to show his guests five properties, in the hopes they fall in love with one of them. Despite having a successful career in both property and presenting, Craig admitted that when his first episode aired, he feared viewers wouldn’t accept him. “I was so nervous,” the expert admitted before adding: “Even though I'm experienced in travel...I know property and I know how to present. “I was still so nervous because it's such a well-established programme, I think as a new person coming in, I was slightly worried people weren’t going to enjoy my shows as much as the really established presenters.” Craig, who has filmed a number of episodes so far, explained being a presenter on A Place in the Sun has been a "learning curve" for him as he opened up about his gruelling schedule. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes in candid admission over family concerns "I remember saying to my boss, she was like, ‘how's it going?’" he recalled. “And I said, ‘I love it. It's exhausting and exhilarating. It's a steep learning curve, exhausting, and totally brilliant’. That sums it up." As a presenter on the show, Craig said it can sometimes be a struggle when his house hunters have specific requirements about what they are looking for. He went on to add that he is often shut down by his guests when they really dislike one of his choices. During one of the 49-year-old’s first-ever episodes, Craig remembered one house search where he thought he’d struck gold with couple Diane and John, but he was quickly proved wrong. He recalled he’d found the house hunters an area they really liked and that was close to amenities, but when they stepped foot inside one apartment, they instantly hated it. "There was something about this flat, and when we walked in, Diane hated it from the word go,” Craig explained. "And actually, I said to them, 'look, can you keep an open mind and at least take a look around? Maybe when you see it more, it will change your mind'. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise's Tobi Bakare pays tribute to BBC co-star  [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' baby Thomas DNA twist [REACTION]ITV viewers 'switch off' as Alan Carr's Epic Gameshow returns [VIDEO] "So they did keep an open mind, but I remember at one point John, her husband said, 'look, I think this could be an option, do you?' "And she was like, 'no!'. She was having none of it at all. "Whenever I can sense now that house hunters don't like something, I’ll always say 'look, do you want to draw a line under this one?'" Craig added: "And sometimes you a sense of relief on their face when they think 'yeah, do you mind if we don't see the rest of it? It's just not for us'." The property expert went on to admit that he once had a disagreement with show producers when looking at properties for one couple. He detailed the difficulty show bosses faced when trying to find the house hunter's dream holiday home in Spain. One duo told him from the beginning they wanted a home they could move straight into as they didn’t want to carry out any renovation work. However, in a strange turn of events, Craig went against the producer’s advice and showed the house hunters a run-down holiday home which they ended up falling in love with and buying. A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4.