Manchester United are closing in on their first summer signing after Feyenoord technical director Frank Arnesen confirmed that a deal to take Tyrell Malacia to Old Trafford is “imminent.” The Red Devils are desperate for reinforcements following a dismal season last time around and have been linked with a whole host of players this summer. “The deal is there,” Arnesen said. “We are now waiting for Tyrell. If he says yes, then a transfer to Manchester United is imminent.” Malacia, who has won five caps for the Netherlands, progressed through the Feyenoord academy and has made 136 first-team appearances for the Dutch team. Last season, he racked-up 50 appearances as his side finished third in the Eredivisie and reached the final of the Europa Conference League. And his performances have clearly caught the attentions of clubs across Europe. According to The Guardian, the left-back was due to travel to France to have a medical and sign for Lyon after a verbal agreement had been struck between the Ligue 1 outfit and his current employers. JUST IN: Man Utd 'agree fee' with Barcelona as De Jong transfer moves closer   But United have now hijacked that deal after agreeing to pay Feyenoord £13million plus £1.7m in add-ons to sign the 22-year-old. So the ace looks set to be plying his trade in the Premier League next season. Malacia shares an agent with Barcelona ace Frenkie de Jong, who the Red Devils are also trying to sign this summer. And the duo’s agent could well be set to broker moves to Old Trafford for both of his clients. United had an opening offer of £51.8m plus a potential £8.6m in add-ons for De Jong rejected by the La Liga giants. But talks are continuing and the 13-time Premier League champions are hopeful of securing a deal for £73.4m all-in. DON'T MISS Chelsea handed major boost in pursuit of Dembele after Barcelona talks Man Utd handed De Jong boost as Barcelona 'close deal' for replacement Newcastle 'hold Raphinha transfer talks' complicating multiple moves      United appointed Erik ten Hag as their new manager earlier this summer as the club’s interim boss Ralf Rangnick eventually headed for the Old Trafford exit. And the Dutchman has promised to improve the team’s fortunes. “I have to learn and I have to adjust but I also have to stay myself,” Ten Hag said in his first interview after taking the helm. “I’m convinced that we can bring in the structures and the way of play that we want. If we get that done, we get that communicated to the players then we will get that success. “A year before, this team was second in the league - so the potential is there. We have to analyse clearly what went wrong. But from then on work hard, get a team and fight the opponents.”  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here