With proposed changes to the free prescription age of 60, now more than ever could be the right time to check if there is another way to get prescriptions for free. Recently, the UK Government has proposed hiking the age threshold for free prescriptions on the NHS to the state pension age, which is 66. However, a decision has not yet been finalised when it comes to the issue. Millions of Britons are struggling to make ends meet, so it’s vital people know if they could save on NHS prescription costs. Currently, those over 60 in England do not have to pay for their prescriptions, however fees are waived in both Scotland and Wales. People requiring medication in England have to pay for their prescription unless they are exempt due to the age, income or medical condition. READ MORE: Universal Credit claimants could be eligible for an extra £156 each week  A credit card-like card is issued to the person if they have a valid illness which shows they are exempt from medical payments. Age UK and other organisations have criticised the Government’s proposal to raise the eligibility age for free prescriptions. Dr Eva Kalmus, the co-chair of British Geriatrics Society’s GeriGPs Group, explained: “People aged between 60 and 65 are often prescribed medication for long-term conditions which they will take for many years. “Introducing prescription charges for this group is likely to result in some of this age group not taking their medication and will deliver minimal savings for the NHS. “It may even cost the NHS more in the long term when complications or disease progression occur which medication might have prevented.” As well as a valid medical exemption, people can get free prescription if they are named on a valid NHS tax credit exemption certificate. Alternatively, people can apply for a HC2 from which could provide a valid NHS certificate for full help with health costs. If someone holds a valid war pension exemption certificate and the prescription is for their accepted disability they will also not have to pay. Other exemptions include Currently, prescriptions in England cost £9.35, but there are money-saving options for those who need regular medicine. People who don’t qualify for free prescriptions can still save money by buying a Pre-Payment Certificate (PPC). How much will a NHS Pre-Payment Certificate save on prescription costs?