Dora is seeking another home and has been re-registered for adoption with the animal charity's Macclesfield, South East Cheshire and Buxton branch. The crossbreed was taken back after she started fighting with her owner's original dog and other pooches while on walks. She left the RSPCA branch as a six-month old puppy who was described as "friendly with all dogs she met", but her change in temperament means she needs a new home without other pets. Dora had been removed along with other animals from property after reports and video footage showing regular beatings were sent to the RSPCA. The perpetrators were prosecuted and received a custodial sentence. In a statement, the RSPCA said: "We are saddened to say that Dora is now looking for a new home since she was adopted in 2017.  "She was always well socialised, fostered with two dogs originally and was friendly with all dogs she met. "However, as time went on post-adoption the relationship with the resident dog and dogs out and about has gone downhill." The statement confirmed Dora has fought the other dog in her home twice and as the dog is much older and stressed the decision was made for Dora to be rehomed. However, the Mirror reports that Dora will stay with her current owners until she is re-homed because the RSPCA's shelter has no space.  READ MORE ABOUT A LOG BURNER WARNING Dora is described as a very affectionate dog which loves to sit close to her owners and lean in for fuss. She also adores playtime and can keep herself entertained with a ball or rope for hours. The statement added: "She needs an adult home with experience and knowledge but no other pets." RSPCA staff said Dora needs a quiet, rural home - away from residential streets - where she can relax on walks and enjoy herself.  DON'T MISS: Iceland boss says shoppers cut spending at £40 as food bank use rises [REPORT] Netflix wants Harry and Meghan 'to explain why they were booed' [REVEALED] Kate and William's latest move is a 'slapdown' to Meghan and Harry [LATEST] She can be wary of strangers in the home so a prospective new owner would need to visit her a couple of times. The statement continued: "She is such a lovely dog, she just needs all the attention to herself and to be number one."  According to the RSPCA, Dora has been assessed by an animal behaviourist twice. Details of their findings will be shared with any prospective owner whose application is successful. The RSPCA said the report reads much worse than the reality so meeting Dora should be the deciding factor. Dora is receiving the medication Apoquel for her sensitive skin.  Anyone interested in offering Dora a home, or any other dogs at the RSPCA's Macclesfield, South East Cheshire and Buxton Branch, can contact the team on 07846 539500 or email rehoming@rspca-macclesfield.org.uk