  Martin Lewis has issued a health update to his 1.5 million Twitter followers today. The Money Saving Expert founder revealed he underwent an agonising dental procedure that left part of his face “monstrously swollen”.    Martin, 50, tweeted this morning: “Ta for all the kind messages. Wasn't a pleasant experience, but through it now. “Pain management is going well, though my upper lip is monstrously swollen, so speaking isn't easy and my left eye has swollen too. “I'm back to work today, but obviously no TV/radio.” His tweet was a follow-up to one he sent out on Friday detailing his fears ahead of the procedure.      “Slightly dreading this pm,” he wrote. “Having implant drilled into the bone of my front top tooth. “Was meant to happen 6 months ago but bone graft didn't take well so had to wait. “It’s going to be deep so not fun.     “I'm signing off now, may bow out of media next week if face swells. Have a good weekend.” (sic) Martin was inundated with supportive messages from his fans following his most recent health update. Ashelymadblue wrote: “Ouch!  That’s more painful than the current cost of living and roaring inflation. Hope you feel better soon.” While Petalthepeeg penned: “Hope you feel better soon. Rest up while you can.”      Janet commented: “So sorry to hear you are in pain, hope it eases soon.” While Gary joked: “With your wife having her accident I’m guessing you look a right pair… “Photo req to make me feel better… Keep taking the medicine,” he added. (sic) Gary’s comment referenced the nasty accident Martin’s wife Lara Lewington, 43, got into two weeks ago.      TV presenter Lara admitted she was an "extremely clumsy person", after she suffered a nasty crash on her electric scooter. The host of the BBC’s technology programme, Click, shared a selfie, with large red cuts on her head, lip and nose. In view of her 52,700 Twitter followers she wrote: “As an extremely clumsy person, always wobbly on two wheels, the electric scooter ride was never going to be a good idea. “After being cleaned up and stitched up, six days later I’m healing well, and I'm grateful it wasn’t worse. “Back on @BBCClick & @PackedLunchC4 this week, cuts ‘n all!” (sic)  