Soldiers should be drafted in to help ease travel disruption over the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday and to help families salvage any half-term holiday they could. Scenes descended into farce when it emerged that at Stansted Airport in Essex, hundreds of people had to queue up to leave the building. And holiday companies faced accusations of profiteering after continuing to sell expensive breaks which may not go ahead. Lib Dem transport spokeswoman Sarah Olney MP called on the Ministry of Defence to deploy armed forces logistics specialists to work with the travel sector to alleviate pressures. The plan would include running airport command centres and putting systems in place to ease road traffic and keep ports unblocked. Ms Olney said: “Chaotic scenes at airports up and down the country have been nothing short of a complete disaster. “Families’ half-term getaways have been thrown into disarray and now they face the prospect of a long weekend spent sleeping in airports and sitting in traffic jams. “We need drastic action now to tackle this travel carnage and break the logjam. That’s why drafting Britain’s best and brightest logistics minds from the army to get things moving again is a no-brainer.” Secretary of State for Transport Grant Shapps met with travel companies, airport and ferry bosses on Wednesday afternoon in a bid to tackle the country’s travel chaos. Families have had plans cancelled even as they boarded planes, while others have been stuck at airports for 48 hours after flights were delayed or had to wait for hours for their luggage to arrive due to a shortage of staff.  Mr Shapps has claimed travel firms have “seriously oversold flights and holidays relative to their capacity to deliver”. “This must not happen again and all efforts should be directed at there being no repeat of this over the summer,” he said. Britain's biggest holiday operator Tui is still selling holidays from Manchester leaving this weekend despite axing six flights per day from the airport branded 'hell on earth' because of long queues and shops running out of food and water. Despite the pandemonium, 180 of Tui's seven-day breaks to destinations including Majorca, Gran Canaria, Morocco and Mexico are still being sold for as much as £1,500 per person, leaving on Friday. EasyJet has called off 200 flights this week alone, including 31 today but was pushing holidays online and offering people £100 off their next trip if they booked by 11pm. The ongoing travelling turmoil saw more than 150 UK flights cancelled and passengers who could travel were forced to wait in long queues to go through security or check suitcases. EasyJet cancelled at least 31 flights at Gatwick, including to destinations such as Bologna, Italy; Barcelona, Spain; Prague, Czech Republic; Krakow, Poland; and Edinburgh. British Airways axed 124 short-haul flights at Heathrow, but the airline says passengers were given advance notice.  Accountant Alice Emery, 28, and her electrician husband Alan, 31, from Southampton, had their EasyJet flight at 5.55am out of Gatwick to Venice cancelled as they queued up to board the plane. Mrs Emery said: ''We got up at 2am to get on and we had got through security when instead of saying 'go to gate' it said 'help at gate.'' ''We went down and there was a massive, long queue and at least three flights had been cancelled. ''There were no EasyJet staff there at all, just a bag technician. ''When the queue finally moved we were just shunted through to arrivals – after never having left. ''Again there were no staff and there was no one on the scene to say where to get your bags from. ''There were no EasyJet flights to book so we rebooked with BA which cost us £960 just to go one way. ''Why do the airlines have the cheek to sell tickets when they never know if it is going to take off?''  One easyJet passenger tweeted a photograph from Manchester Airport at 4am showing a long queue of people in a car park outside Terminal 1. He described the situation as “carnage”, adding: “Took two hours 45 minutes to get through – most of that was bag drop. “Now on the aircraft, but due to shortage of ground crew, there’s going to be another delay of approximately 50 minutes.” Aviation data firm Cirium said 377 flights from UK airports were cancelled in the seven days up to and including Tuesday. Gatwick has been the most affected, with 151 cancellations, followed by Manchester (41), Heathrow (36), Bristol (27) and Edinburgh (19). Some 10,794 flights are scheduled to depart from UK airports between Thursday, the first day of the long Bank Holiday weekend and Sunday. Airline passengers have been hit by disruption for several months after the aviation industry sacked too many employees during the coronavirus pandemic. Critics say they left it too late to recruit new workers even though they knew there would be high demand from travellers free to travel after Covid-19 restrictions were lifted. Mr Shapps allowed airports to run security checks on employees while they were in training rather than before they started to speed up the process.  Deputy prime minister Dominic Raab accused airlines of a “lack of preparation” ahead of the holiday surge pointing out that the aviation industry received £8bn of taxpayer support through Covid. He told Sky News: “I don’t think the airline operators have done the recruitment they should have done.” Labour’s shadow transport secretary Louise Haigh accused the Government of being “missing in action”. She said: “Passengers and our world-class businesses are demanding action. It’s time for the Government to take their fingers out of their ears and take practical steps.” Airlines UK, the industry body representing UK-registered carriers, said the aviation industry did not know when restrictions would be completely removed or how much flying would be possible this summer. It added that “the vast majority of the many tens of thousands of UK-departing flights a week” are operating as scheduled. Unite general secretary Sharon Graham said: “The UK’s airports are in crisis because thousands of jobs have been slashed and working conditions attacked. “Our money was handed over to firms without any strings attached.  “Literally hundreds of millions went to the aviation sector during the pandemic, and instead of bringing stability those firms have brought us chaos. “They did not protect jobs, many just used public money to prop up their share price or to pay for ‘fire and rehire’ to hammer pay and conditions. That is why we are where we are. “It’s time for public money to have a hard-wire link to jobs. No more handouts without responsibilities. “Taxpayers do not pay firms to sack their workers and cut their pay and conditions.” Consumer group Which? has warned that the “blame game” over flight disruption is “no help” to passengers. Michael Oszmann, director at Health Travel, said: "The travel industry was one of the hardest hit during all of the lockdowns and travel restrictions. "So we really don't want to see these sorts of scenes, as they threaten the fragile recovery of UK travel companies, especially if it continues for an extended period. Most of our international clients have not yet been affected by this issue, but a number of UK clients have raised concerns. "They see images of big queues but are finding it hard to get clear information on whether their specific flight might be impacted or not." 