Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, are set to move into a new home Adelaide Cottage on the grounds of Windsor Castle this summer. To the surprise of royal observers, the Cambridges have decided to "down-size" by settling for a modest, four-bedroom cottage with no renovations and no live-in staff. Royal expert Neil Sean said that this latest move was "a big slapdown" to Harry and Meghan, who splashed over two million pounds on renovations of Frogmore Cottage. Speaking on his official YouTube channel, the royal reporter said: "Prince William and Kate have decided to move back into the grounds of Windsor Castle to be close to Her Majesty The Queen. "They are making sure that the very right people are around her. "They are going to move into a modest four-bedroom cottage, Adelaide Cottage. No renovations will be taking place and they will be looking after themselves with no staff on hand. "There will, of course, be staff nearby at Windsor Castle but no live-in staff as before." JUST IN: Charles and William snub Harry and Meghan over royal duties  He compared this to the Sussexes, adding: "Harry and Meghan had all those renovations done at Frogmore Cottage, more than two million pounds worth that Prince Charles stumped up for himself. "Kate and William are also saying to the British public and the Commonwealth, 'We are not demanding your money, we are not going to be wasting it on renovations - we are going to be moving in and getting on with the job'. "In my opinion, what a big slapdown back to Harry and Meghan who preach about being inclusive and helping one another while demanding renovations and private jets around the world. "What you are seeing here is two working royals trying to do their very best to be progressive and move with the times.  "William is truly leading by example and it's something his younger brother should be looking up to." Alongside Adelaide Cottage, the royal couple will also keep Kensington Palace as their family's London home, and continue to visit their Norfolk home, Anmer Hall, according to the Sunday Times. Royal experts suggest that William is moving to Windsor to be closer to the Queen, as he is stepping up his duties in preparation for being a future monarch. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: William still angry at Meghan for her 'disrespect' [LIVE BLOG]Ukraine wipes out Russian naval vessel in Snake Island missile strike [VIDEO]Charles and William snub Harry and Meghan over royal duties [INSIGHT]  Others claimed that the move is so the Queen can be closer to her grandchildren George, Charlotte, and Louis. On the move, a source close to the Cambridges told The Sun: “Kate and William were very keen for a modest home to start their new lives in Windsor. “Adelaide Cottage fits the bill because it is a four-bedroom home and they do not need any more as they have no live-in staff. "They were adamant they didn’t want anything too showy or anything that needed renovating or extra security so as not to be a burden on the taxpayer. "The added bonus is they can send George, Charlotte, and Louis to school together locally. "The three children will enjoy running around and playing in the gardens, which is the kind of life they enjoy so much when at Anmer Hall. "They will pay rent from their private account. All they need to do is move in some of their treasured furniture and possessions. "The whole family is looking forward to moving in this summer and starting a new chapter in their lives together in Windsor.” 