There are natural ways to repel mosquitos from the outdoor and indoor living spaces. TikTok account Westwing explained in a video called "How to get rid of mosquitos": "Here’s a solution for your problems with mosquitoes! "Fill a small bowl with water. "Add lavender essential oil "Add dried lavender." READ MORE: Houseplants: ‘Great tip’ to get plants to ‘thrive’ indoors   The mix can be left inside the house or on a surface in the garden or outside area. This is a great natural way to get rid of mosquitos without using chemicals. Lavender contains linalool, which produces a strong odour which mosquitos hate. Therefore, lavender oil or a lavender plant is an effective way to repel mosquitos this summer.  TikToker @lifeonwillowcreek, who often shares DIY and home tips, shared a similar video and explained: "The ticks are awful this year. Did you know this? "Plant lavender to repel ticks and mosquitos." Fans took to the comment to share their thoughts. TikTok user Kara Howren said: "Lavender, peppermint, lemon balm, rosemary, garlic, sage, lemon grass, thyme, basil, chamomile are just SOME of the pest repellent herbs." @lifeonwillowcreek replied saying: "Yes! So many natural solutions instead of nasty chemicals." Another TikTok user commented: "I also spray peppermint, lavender, and cedar oil mixed with two teaspoons of dish soap and water daily." Samantha Harris explained: "I'm so glad our son picked some to plant this year." "We spray our yard with lavender, spray yearly and add a few plants yearly and notice a difference with ticks," @lifeonwillowcreek added. Healthline states: "Crushed lavender flowers produce a fragrance and oil that can repel mosquitoes. "An animal study from 2002Trusted Source on hairless mice found lavender oil to be very effective at repelling adult mosquitoes." You can grow lavender in an outdoor garden or in indoor planters. Alternativelly, "crush the flowers and apply the oil to bite-sensitive areas of the body, such as your ankles and arms" as lavender can also calm and soothe the skin.