Police confirmed that officers were made aware of the incident as thousands of fans packed the stadium for Harry Styles sold out Glasgow gig. The frightening incident unfolded shortly after 10pm as the singer wowed the audience at the sold-out Glasgow gig. A fan fell from a balcony into the crowd below during last night's Harry Styles concert at Ibrox. Over 50,000 music fans from around the world turned out to see the singer at Ibrox, which staged its first concert in almost two decades. The Club Deck is the third tier of seating within the stadium's Main Stand. The fan's current condition is not yet known. READ MORE: Demi Rose puts on an eye-popping display in VERY tiny bikini Police and ambulance crews raced to the scene after the alarm was raised. They added that there were no suspicious circumstances involved. A Police Scotland spokesperson said: “Officers were made aware of a man falling from a club deck at a premises on Edmiston Drive, Glasgow at around 10.15pm on Saturday, 11 June, 2022. “There were no suspicious circumstances and the man was seen to by medical staff.” The news comes after frustrated fans slammed the chaos ahead of the singer's Glasgow gig as many faced hours of queuing to get into the venue. Scores of fans flocked to the One Direction star's sold-out Glasgow gig. But many of his legion of followers, have since claimed they were forced to queue for hours just to get into the venue. @kickthehenry tweeted: "@Harry_Styles was excellent tonight, but @ibroxevents is absolutely hopeless beyond measure. Totally disorganised queue, and stewards filming the whole event on their phones, ignoring our calls out to them. Murrayfield next time, I hope." DON'T MISS... Kate Garraway left 'fretful' as husband Derek 'in and out of hospital'[LATEST]Britney Spears' estranged mother breaks silence on wedding[INSTAGRAM]Demi Rose puts on an eye-popping display in VERY tiny bikini[PICTURES] @1997MCR commented: "Honestly I give huge praise to those who started to queue for Harry Styles at 8am. I was standing there in Ibrox three hours early and was bored, my feet hurt and time was dragging on so well done." @jess remarked: "Queue is massive and no guidance on where to go!" @alexndrwelsh said: "Harry Styles at the ibrox is the worst organised event I’ve ever seen in my life. Almost 3 hours after doors and the queues are still 3 streets away." @rt930x added: "The queue to get into Ibrox for Harry Styles is an utter joke, I’ve honestly never seen anything like it." The fan, speaking to Glasgow Live, said the first 30 minutes of trying to get in were "hell". She said: "We’ve asked 5 stewards where to go to our gate for entry and they didn’t know anything about them. "Finally told a police officer who told us we were actually in the wrong queue. "Once the police came the organisation definitely improved but the first 30 mins was hell."