The Platinum Jubilee celebrations today come to an end after nearly four days of flat-out events, tributes and parties. Thursday saw perhaps the most notable affair of the entire weekend after the Queen appeared on Buckingham Palace balcony with members of her family for the Trooping the Colour. She donned the same elegant pale blue outfit as was seen in her official jubilee portrait. It was uncertain whether she would make Thursday's public appearance, with the Palace saying her presence would only be confirmed on the day. However, as she stepped out, the thousands deep crowd expressed their admiration, cheering her on as she waved and beamed at the extravagant air display. Much has been said of the Queen and her health, Her Majesty having struggled with mobility issues in recent months. She is 96 years old, both the oldest and longest-serving monarch in British royal history. Her heir is her eldest son, Prince Charles, who began the process of picking up many of her most senior duties and learning how to become a King years ago, as exemplified when he recently performed the State Opening of Parliament. But what happens in the immediate aftermath of the Queen's death? According to Politico, internally, the day of her death will be referred to as "D-Day", with each following day leading up to the funeral known as "D+1", "D+2", and so on. The royal household will issue an "official notification" delivering the news to the public, and a call script for departmental permanent secretaries will outline how to break the news to their ministers. This document was seen by Politico, and instructs the secretaries to say: "We have just been informed of the death of Her Majesty The Queen," after which ministers will be told that “discretion is required.” Ministers and senior civil servants will then receive an email from the cabinet secretary, a draft which reads: “Dear colleagues, It is with sadness that I write to inform you of the death of Her Majesty The Queen.” After this, all flags across Whitehall will be lowered to half-mast, with the aim of this and everything mentioned above being done within 10 minutes. Aside from the Governmental protocols, an unprecedented level of action is required from other sectors too, like a vast security undertaking to control crowds of people and travel mayhem. According to one of the official memos, the event could see London become "full" for the first time ever. The plans also include how the Prime Minister and his Cabinet would travel to meet the Queen's coffin at St. Pancras station, and for the new King Charles to leave for a tour of the UK in the days before the funeral. JUST IN: Queen adds EXTRA date to Jubilee calendar - despite health fears Ten days will lapse between the Queen's death and the day of the funeral. Politico noted some of the more "banal and ridiculous" aspects of the protocol include things like the decision that "retweets will be banned across Whitehall departments unless cleared by the government’s communications chief". Such exercises or partial practises have been carried out before, like one several years ago where Downing Street raised concerns that it would be impossible to lower all flags to half-mast because a flag officer was not employed, and it could not be guaranteed that someone would always be present in order to carry out the act. These issues have since been addressed and resolved, however. The UK parliament, as well as each devolved parliament, will break off following her death, and if not sitting, will be recalled. Many of the immediate plans relate to social media and the Government's online presence, with the Royal Family's official website changing to a black holding page with a short message confirming the Queen's death. The UK Government website will similarly display a black banner at the top of the page, while all governmental social media accounts will show a black banner and change their profile pictures to their respective departmental crest. Of the members of Government, the Prime Minister will be the first to make a statement, and all other figures within Westminster and around the UK will be instructed not to comment until after he or she has spoken. DON'T MISS The Queen was brave, strong and utterly unshockable [REPORT] Meghan spotted with little Archie! Duchess seen on rare day out in LA  [INSIGHT] Jubilee row explodes as Harry and Meghan told they are 'NOT welcome' [ANALYSIS] The Ministry of Defence will arrange for the performance of gun salutes at every saluting station, and a national minute's silence will be held. After this, the Prime Minister will meet with Charles, and at 6pm on the same day the new King will record and deliver a broadcast to the nation. The day after, D-Day+1, will see the Accession Council proclaim Charles King, with hundreds of privy councils, the Prime Minister, and senior ministers in attendance. The proclamation will be read St James's Palace, and then the Royal Exchange in the City of London. When Parliament agrees on a message of condolence to the Royal Family, most business will be suspended for ten days, and MPs will offer tributes at the House of Lords. On D-Day+2, the Queen's coffin will return to Buckingham Palace — if she dies at Sandringham her body will be carried by royal train to St. Pancras; if she dies at Balmoral in Scotland, her body will be carried to London by train in what is known as Operation UNICORN. If this is not activated, then Operation OVERSTUDY will come into play, which will see her body moved by plane instead. D-Day+3 sees Charles begin his travels around Britain to meet with his new subjects and respective parliaments, a journey that will continue to Northern Ireland and Wales in the coming days. D-Day+6 to D-Day+9 will see the Queen lie in the Palace of Westminster for three days, with the public able to visit her coffin, perched on a raised platform, for 23 hours per day. This period will see the greatest difficulties for the Government and Foreign Office, according to Politico, as the logistics of the funeral begin to set in and things like state visits, visits from abroad and public transport all spill over. The publication stated: "In a striking assessment of the scenes that could unfold, one memo warns of a worst-case scenario in which London literally becomes 'full' for the first time ever as potentially hundreds of thousands of people try to make their way there — with accommodation, roads, public transport, food, policing, healthcare and basic services stretched to breaking point. Concerns have also been raised about a shortage of stewards for crowd control purposes." It added: "The Prime Minister and the Queen have agreed that the day of the state funeral will be a 'Day of National Mourning.' "This has also led to planning issues. The day will effectively be a bank holiday, although it will not be named as such. If the funeral falls on the weekend or an existing bank holiday, an extra bank holiday will not be granted. "If the funeral falls on a weekday, the government does not plan to order employers to give employees the day off — the documents say that is a matter between employees and their staff." D-Day+10 will be the day of the Queen's funeral, and a new royal era will follow thereafter.