Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have begun to get a "little nervous" according to Ms Brown amid growing pressure on the Duke and Duchess to produce quality content for the streaming giant Netflix. The couple signed a deal with the company shortly after quitting the Royal Family but the partnership has yet to result in the much-anticipated royal documentary. Ms Brown told BBC News: "What the Sussexes are finding, which anyone in the entertainment world could tell them is that the getting entertainment deal is just the beginning of things, right, I mean, if you have a big celebrity name, you can get a vanity deal done by a big entertainment company, but then you have to deliver. "That's the big difference between there being a member of the Royal Family, quite frankly, I mean, unless you're a sort of giant disaster like Andrew has been, essentially you're going to be well-regarded top of the bill for the rest of your life without actually doing very much except performing those duties as well as you're supposed to. "But if you're in the entertainment world, you've got to deliver hits. "We've already seen that Netflix has now cancelled their animated film deal that they have with Meghan because nothing was really forthcoming."  "These deals are proving very hard to surface, Megan was not an accomplished producer before she took this deal," she continued. "Harry's never produced anything in his life. "Anyone in Hollywood can tell you producing content is extremely hard. "So I think that the Sussexes are beginning to get a little nervous about their longevity frankly, in you know, the money-making deal stakes in Hollywood." Harry and Meghan, whose daughter Lilibet is celebrating her first birthday, were not among those in the royal box at the BBC's Platinum Party at the Palace on Saturday. A spokesperson for the couple, who stepped down as senior royals in 2020, said they were spending the day privately. On Friday, Harry and Meghan made their first public appearance alongside the Windsors since they stepped down as senior royals two years ago amid the Megxit storm. They joined scores of family members at the special Jubilee service of thanksgiving in St Paul's Cathedral, but sat far across the aisle from Charles, William and Kate. They also missed a Guildhall reception for the royals afterwards. Tens of thousands of people flocked to Buckingham Palace to celebrate Queen Elizabeth's Platinum Jubilee on Saturday and watch a pop concert that started with the 96-year-old monarch having tea with Paddington Bear. In a short video, the queen revealed that she kept the Bear's favourite - a marmalade sandwich - inside her ever-present handbag. She then started tapping along to the tune of the Queen rock anthem "We Will Rock You", which opened the show. A host of performers will appear on stage, including Alicia Keys, Diana Ross and Rod Stewart, before the queen's son and heir Prince Charles, and her grandson Prince William, pay tribute to the record-breaking monarch following her 70 years on the throne.