On Sunday afternoon, Dragons' Den star and entrepreneur Hilary Devey died at the age of 65 after struggling with an illness. She starred alongside Peter Jones, Theo Paphitis, Deborah Meaden and Duncan Bannatyne during her time on the BBC investment show. BBC Breakfast presenter Sally Nugent paid tribute to Hilary and looked back at the memories she had shared with her. Touching on the news, Sally explained: "Tributes have been paid this morning to the former Dragons' Den star Hilary Devey who has died at the age of 65." Co-presenter Jon Kay added: "Her publicist said she died at her holiday home in Morroco after a long illness. "Hilary, of course, founded a haulage business called Pall-Ex and then joined the Dragons' Den in 2011, staying for two series." Sally continued: "Back in 2015, Hilary came here to Breakfast to talk to Charlie and me about a programme called The Shop. READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series "As always, she was passionate about business ideas even though they might not take off." A clip of Hilary's visit in 2015 was played to which she told Sally and Charlie Stayt: "The good ideas always, without exception, come from within. "That is in my experience with dealing with hundreds of businesses all good ideas come from within, any idea is a good idea, but sometimes it isn't a viable idea." As the clip came to an end, Sally praised: "She had a great attitude, didn't she? So positive." "Yeah, I heard a clip of her on the radio last night, and she was talking about wanting to be remembered for what she gave away and not for what she got and accumulated for herself during her life and helping young entrepreneurs," Jon revealed. Hilary's former Dragons' Den family kicked off the tributes on Sunday afternoon, with Theo Paphitis saying: "So sad to hear of the passing of the lovely Hilary Devey. "She left us all with some fantastic memories, may she rest in peace. My thoughts are with her family." Peter Jones praised Hilary: "She was an inspiring woman, and it was great to spend time with her on Dragons' Den. Sending my deepest condolences to her family." DON'T MISS...Hilary Devey dead: Dragons' Den star dies aged 65 [LATEST]Dragons’ Den pitch labelled ‘ridiculous’ is now the ’top ever brand' [WATCH]Dragons' Den cast react as man rejects investment worth £250,00 [MORE] Whilst Deborah Meaden tweeted: "She was unique in every way and brought grit and warmth with her into the Den. "My thoughts are with her family and loved ones. RIP Hilary. Truly one of a kind." Duncan Bannatyne also commented on the news: "So young. Too young. Rest in Peace, Hilary". Hilary had previously opened up about why she wanted to get involved in the show in 2011 and explained: "In order to set up Pall-Ex in the mid-nineties, I had to sell my house and car to get the start-up capital necessary to fulfil my business ambitions, as none of the banks appreciated my potential. "I would have loved the opportunity to have stood before the Dragons, and I will remember my own experiences and the realities of running a business today when choosing to support – or reject – the budding entrepreneurs joining me in the Den." Hilary's successful career saw her be made CBE in 2013 for her career in business and charitable work, including being the vice-president of the Carers Trust. Describing being made a CBE, she said at the time: “In every sense of the word, this is a great honour, and I am equally flattered and flabbergasted. “It is wonderful to receive such recognition, but this should be less about me and more about the charities that I support and the amazing transport sector in which I am privileged to work. “So I dedicate my honour to the Carers Trust, the Stroke Association, and Fresh Start." BBC Breakfast airs everyday from 6am on BBC One.