“I'm about to do something that should increase my alertness, improve my mood and even boost my morning workout,” said Dr Mosley on his podcast Just One Thing. However, the “secret weapon” can do much more than that as it can also cut the risk of heart disease and stroke. “I'm about to drink a cup of freshly brewed coffee that smells absolutely delicious,” added the podcast host. Indeed, if you, like Dr Mosley, enjoy a cup of coffee, you will be glad to know that the drink offers more than a rich taste and energy boost. The doctor dubbed coffee a “secret weapon” as it can lower your risk of heart disease, boost fat burning and support exercise performance. The powers in the black drink all come down to its second main ingredient - flavonoids. READ MORE: Diabetes: The golden drink that lowers blood sugar - drink 'immediately' after eating Dr Mosley said: “But coffee beans don't just have caffeine. “They also contain flavonoids and antioxidants called polyphenols - compounds thought to promote better heart health and to have powerful anti-inflammatory effects. “Coffee drinkers like me just lap up the research, showing that coffee can offer a multitude of benefits. “One of the biggest studies of health in the UK, following half a million people has found that up to three cups a day was linked to both better brain and heart health.  “Specifically, those who consumed that amount had a lower risk of stroke, heart disease and dementia. “Imaging also demonstrated that compared to non-coffee drinkers, daily consumers had healthier-sized and better functioning hearts.” However, Dr Mosley’s research isn’t the only one, proving the positive link between heart disease and coffee. Another study, published in the journal Circulation: Heart Failure, found the more coffee people drank, the lower their risk for heart failure was. READ MORE: Vitamin deficiencies: Two shortages known to interfere with blood clotting Senior author Dr David Kao said: "The association between caffeine and heart failure risk reduction was surprising. "Coffee and caffeine are often considered by the general population to be 'bad' for the heart because people associate them with palpitations, high blood pressure, etc. "The consistent relationship between increasing caffeine consumption and decreasing heart failure risk turns that assumption on its head." However, the research team also noted that more studies might be necessary to further investigate coffee’s powerful effects. While coffee seems to be promising for targeting various issues, Dr Mosley stressed it’s important to not overdo it. He added: “On the downside, caffeine can also raise your blood pressure, disrupt your sleep, and like many other drugs you may find you need to drink more and more to get the same effect. “For this reason, it's sensible to go easy on how much coffee you drink. “Three to four cups of coffee per day might be the sweet spot for the most beneficial effect on your health. Pregnant women should probably drink less.” So, if you’re looking for something to boost your heart and sports performance, coffee could be the ideal fit as long as you don’t go overboard.