Fashion writer Eloise Moran was invited onto Wednesday's instalment of Lorraine to discuss her new book which highlights Princess Diana's most iconic looks. The Scottish broadcaster's memory was triggered when pictures of Diana wearing her most notable outfits appeared on the screen beside her for ITV viewers to see. When a photograph of a young Diana donning a red jumper covered in white sheep was shown, Lorraine said she "craved" the jumper in the 1980s. As they were going through some of the late Princess' most celebrated looks, Lorraine recalled how many people around the UK wanted to look just like her. She then admitted she was desperate to get hold of Diana's red jumper with white cuffs which was covered in white sheep and also included one black sheep. Lorraine said: "I craved this jumper, this sheep jumper, I think everybody wanted that. "Look how young she looks there, now when would that have been - in about 1981 or something?" READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes in candid admission over family concerns The jumper was created by the British knitwear brand Warm and Wonderful and the brand relaunched the jumper last year, 40 years on from when Diana first wore it. Eloise said she was pictured in the jumper shortly before she got married to Prince Charles and was "new on the royal scene". The author added: "I think she kind of felt like the odd one out, hence the proverbial sheep on the jumper." "Do you think she felt like a black sheep?" Lorraine asked as they were trying to work out whether a hidden message was behind the knitwear.  "I think so, she wore it again when she was walking around with Sarah Ferguson and the two of them were pictured walking around on a polo field," Eloise added. "It kind of makes you wonder if they both felt like that as they were the two naughty ones." Lorraine, who explained she grew up looking at Diana's outfits, told viewers everything Diana wore "just disappeared" from the shops as people wanted to copy her style. They went on to discuss more of Diana's most famous outfits, including her legendary figure-hugging black "revenge dress". DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly admits struggling to watch Piers Morgan's new show [REVEALED]Lorraine Kelly, 62, wows fans in floral throwback after weight loss [PICTURES]Lorraine Kelly furious at 'disgusting and dispiriting' locals [LATEST] The gown was designed by Christina Stambolian who was a lesser-known Greek designer at the time. She was initially going to wear a Valentino dress but she surprised "everyone" by changing her mind at the last minute. "And this was on the night Prince Charles finally admitted he had committed adultery with Camilla?" Lorraine clarified. "This was a message to him and to the world."  Eloise said the Prince of Wales must have been annoyed when his ex-wife "stole the newspaper headlines" in her "divorce dress". "It was the complete opposite of her wedding dress which had a huge train," she added. Eloise created the book, The Lady Di Look Book: What Diana Was Trying to Tell Us Through Her Clothes, as she wanted to enlighten a new generation on Diana's fashion influence. Lorraine airs on weekdays from 9am on ITV. 