Laura Hamilton has shared she is “so upset” as someone on Instagram has been “contacting people” pretending to be her. The A Place In The Sun host is now taking drastic steps to put an end to this scam by contacting the police. On her Instagram Story, Laura said: “I’ve been informed again there’s somebody that has a got a fake Instagram account and is contacting people. “On my behalf, it’s not me and it’s actually getting quite serious now so it’s going to be reported to the police. “This isn’t a genuine Instagram and I’m on holiday trying to celebrate my friend's birthday, Emma, and we’re having an amazing tour today." “But just want to reiterate in this story there is only one account that is genuinely me and it is this one.” She insisted. READ MORE: Amanda Holden, 51, flaunts enviable figure in tiny white bikini Laura has been enjoying a trip to Turkey where she has been staying at the Kusadasi Golf and Spa Resort. Today she paid a visit to Ephesus and Sirince where she was taken around by a tour guide before posing for snaps. The star looked relaxed as she sat down wearing a fedora hat paired with a Bardot top and jean shorts. Fans commented saying they were envious of her glamorous-looking holiday. ionemcnau typed: “So jealous! Beautiful architecture...I've only been to Ankara and Cappadocia in Turkey, wish I could have spent more time there to travel to other places such as this.” wayne.sanderson.370 remarked: “Looking absolutely stunning.” jerry.lindfelt said: “Great place for history the library was right across from the brothel.” Laura, looked amazing last month as she shared snaps from a Corfu trip, while taking time away from the couples on A Place in the Sun. DONT MISS:Gogglebox’s Gyles scolded by wife after Carol Vorderman team up (PHOTOS)Stacey Solomon worries fans with silence as Joe seen with blonde babe (NEWS)Margot Robbie stuns as real-life Barbie after being 'in tears' on set (LATEST) The presenter posted two snaps from the idyllic trip, with her posing in a tight-fitted black strapless swimsuit. In one snap Laura posed on a diving board, with an amazing backdrop of mountains. She captioned the post in view of her 158,000 Instagram followers: "When the house search is done it's time to find The Grotto with the diving board into the sea! "My house hunters this week have been a dream and so much fun to hang out with! @aplaceinthesunofficial #lisa #wayne." In another post, Laura showed off her adventurous side as she posed with a quad bike, flaunting her phenomenal figure and messy beach hair. She captioned the second post: "Corfu Quaddie! What an adventure..." The property expert has been teasing a new role away from her presenting duties on the popular Channel 4 show, A Place in The Sun. The 40-year-old host, who has been a part of the show since 2011, looked radiant in a social media post as she shared her exciting work news. She enthusiastically wrote: "Do what you love - that is how you win the game of life. COMING SOON... @grimsthorpecastle. “This was such a beautiful location and I am so grateful I get to visit and explore places like this for my job! @thismorning @itv." Laura tagged the official ITV This Morning page, confirming that it is a project she doing in collaboration with the daytime show hosted by Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby.