Never meant to be permanent, it was a matter to which both parties would have to return. Now Boris Johnson has made changes to the deal to ensure an easier passage of goods between Great Britain and Northern Ireland – and the EU is not happy, claiming this would break international law.   True, some argue that the protocol was a historic weakness in the Brexit negotiations. But it made sense to keep trade on the move – and that is now what Mr Johnson is still trying to do, by ridding some of the bureaucratic barriers to trade between GB and NI. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss agreed that the legislation was a “reasonable, practical solution” to the ongoing problem. Of course some are against the legislation. All manner of possibilities have been mooted as outcomes, such as the reunification of Ireland and damage to the Good Friday Agreement. These are often made by those with axes to grind. But the Prime Minister’s instinct to ease the passage of goods across the Irish Sea is a reasonable one that should be beneficial to Northern Ireland as well as mainland Britain. The EU should recognise that business impetus and stop hindering the PM’s plans. The plan to deport illegal migrants to Rwanda has caused ructions among the liberal minded. But today the first flight is set to leave our shores for the African country, as well it should, after appeal court judges declared it to be legal. There’s still a risk that meddling lawyers will attempt to drag the asylum seekers from the flight and last night there were said to be just seven migrants remaining. But the various critics should recognise that the Government was elected to take steps to quash the model of illegal immigration fronted by criminal gangs. The Rwanda plan is not perfect. No solution is. But the Government has to step up and break the smuggling gangs, whose only pursuit is money at the expense of lives. And that will mean taking the lawyers and protesters head on. It had its ups and downs in the 1980s, when it was a byword for dereliction and multi occupied hotels. So it should raise a cheer that Margate has now been named the most affordable picturesque place to buy a home in the UK. Known for rumbustious seaside fun as well as hosting artists from JMW Turner to Tracey Emin, its west-facing beach is the perfect place for a sundowner – and perhaps, a change of lifestyle. 