Jordan Banjo and his dance troupe, Diversity, won Britain's Got Talent back in 2009 - and he was astonished to learn that the show has since been dogged by more recent fix claims. The 29-year-old shared his disbelief with us as he relayed his feelings about the scandal. "Well, I hope [it's not true] because that doesn't look good for us, does it?!" He exclaimed of the vote fixing allegations. "In this day and age, I'd be very shocked [if that was happening]. "I don't see what anyone has to gain from fixing it." He added: "Obviously the acts themselves gained a lot, but unless you've got an auditioner who's a super computer hacker and who knows who's casting the votes, I don't see it being very likely personally." READ NOW: Carol McGiffin on not being intimate for seven years after sex drought Jordan, who has recently started to front the BBC series Eat Well For Less, after stepping into former presenter Gregg Wallace's shoes, was also keen to dismiss suggestions that established acts should be banned from the show. Previously, scandals have erupted over existing acts auditioning alongside inexperienced hopefuls, which some insist is "unfair" to newcomers. Comedian Axel Blake already had his own show on Amazon Prime when he appeared on BGT, causing outrage Meanwhile, Japanese magician Keiichi Iwasaki had already auditioned in three other countries for shows within the Got Talent franchise.  "If people feel really strongly about it by the time it gets to the live shows, that's why the public has the vote," he elaborated. "If [the public] aren't happy... then they won't go through. "If they do, there's obviously more people that are happy than aren't happy!" Simon Cowell also spoke out in defence of the current system. "We started by opening the show to anyone regardless of a day job or hidden talent that they want to show to the world," he told The Sun. "Thank God that's the show it's evolved into [where anyone can enter]. We don't really have any rules on it." Meanwhile ITV has addressed fix allegations too, telling the world that "all contestants are auditioned on merit and judged on their performance on the day". A spokesperson continued: "Whilst some of the acts appearing on the show may have tasted a level of success, they are not household names."