Dame Deborah sent in a video message to Lorraine Kelly after she took part in the Race for Life in honour of the bowel cancer campaigner. She gave fans an update on her health as she explained she is “stable” but “very tired” as she spends time with her children after leaving the hospital to receive hospice care at home. Deborah began: “Hello team Lorraine. Firstly congratulations on running Race for Life last night to celebrate life and why we are all here and to raise vital funds. “I am doing OK, I am stable. I think stable is a good thing. “I am taking life slowly and not on social media too much and just spending time in the garden with my family. “A much slower pace of life than I’m used to.” READ MORE: Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes' She continued: ““Physically I’m quite tired but mentally I’m still a campaigner. “I’m still asking people to check their poo, I’m still on it about getting that messaging on loo roll across the country, the No Butts Campaign.” Deborah added she wakes up feeling “blessed to have another day” as she has lived longer than it was expected after she returned home. “Still continuing to feel blessed to have another day knowing that my time is limited.”  “I’m here, I’m alive and kicking as much as I can,” she exclaimed. “Thank you for all your kind messages.” Earlier in the week, Deborah made another appearance on Lorraine as she sent a supportive message to campaigner Cara Hoofe. Cara managed to campaign for M&S to put the symptoms of bowel cancer on the toilet roll packaging and in store toilers. In her message, Deborah said: “Congratulations, Cara. “I’m so pleased that you are talking about the hard work you have put in and what you have achieved. DON'T MISS...Dame Deborah calls for bowel cancer warnings on toilet paper [LATEST]Bowel cancer: Drug found to cause tumours to disappear [INSIGHT]Deborah James in surprise TV appearance as she makes loo roll plea [VIDEO] “I know we've both gone through bowel cancer and we've spoken so many times about getting the signs and symptoms on loo roll. “But you finally did it. And I am really, really proud of you for doing that. It’s the start of things to come. “I think we should do a big shout out to other companies now saying, like, ‘Where's your signs and symptoms?’ “Forget about the puppies, I’m bored of the puppies. “We need actual information signposted on those loo rolls. “So I'm hoping that lots of other big brands will now go, ‘Yeah, hang on. This makes massive sense. This is what we need to be doing. “So I can't wait to see that happen. And a massive, massive well done to you.” Lorraine airs weekdays on ITV from 9am.