Piers Morgan took aim at Glastonbury Festival revellers as thousands flocked to Somerset for a fun-filled weekend of music by legendary acts including, Sir Elton John, Paul McCartney, and Diana Ross. The TalkTV host made his feelings clear as he hit out at festival-goers in a scathing tweet on Friday. In view of his 7.9 million followers, Piers, 56, claimed the attendees were a mass of "stinking revellers". He tweeted: "I can’t think of anything worse in the world than being at Glastonbury trapped amid a seething mass of sweaty stinking festival revellers." Social media users flocked to comment on the post, as his comments sparked a divide on the micro-blogging site. Twitter user, @Kazz said: "Not being funny but I've been in meeting rooms, no open windows, where there may have been attendees with not very good personal hygiene. At least at Glastonbury, it is open-air and not as trapped as a meeting room. Plus you have music and good times." READ MORE: Martin Sheen says he regrets changing his name @Jones penned: "Tragedy that you can’t understand how music and Glastonbury brings people together Piers. Use of the word Tragedy to remind you of the Bee Gees who you interviewed and of course were Glastonbury legends in 2017." @Bluelefty teased: "Glastonbury just became more appealing." @huishgreg mocked: "Glastonbury crowd could think of nothing worse than having you in there with them." @JohnnyLikesThis joked: "That's because you're getting old Piers."    However, others were in agreement with the Uncensored host. @davwheeler penned: "Me too, never seen the fascination." @Anthony tweeted: "Couldn't agree more." @joss commented: "I wouldn’t personally choose to go and I echo your sentiments on hygiene - but if you really 'can’t think of anything worse' you’re a lucky person." DON'T MISS... Harry Gration dead: BBC journalist dies aged 71[LATEST]Former dominatrix Julia Fox watches Madonna in skimpy leather outfit[PICTURES]Madonna, 63, poses up a storm in busty bodice, but leaves fans worried[INSTAGRAM] @hillshypno added: "My husband said EXACTLY this. But he has been to Glastonbury..he's 15 years older than me. I want to go for the experience #bealesbeast. One day!!" Glastonbury is well underway with music fans from around the world flocking to Worthy Farm in Somerset, England. This year’s festival is being headlined by Gen-Z pop star Billie Eilish, Beatles legend Sir Paul McCartney and US rapper Kendrick Lamar, with Diana Ross taking on the traditional Legends Slot. The Beatles star is playing a pre-festival gig in Somerset tonight, with tickets to the 800 capacity show selling out in under an hour. After facing two years of cancellations, Glastonbury Festival is finally back.  It comes after the 50th anniversary in 2020 and last year’s festival were both cancelled due to the pandemic.  With Glastonbury tickets notoriously tricky to get hold of – resale tickets sold out in just over 20 minutes in March, with many hopefuls unable to get onto the website at all. Glastonbury Festival 2022 is available to stream on BBC's iPlayer. 