Former One Direction star Harry Styles has exploded in popularity over the past year. Last month he released his third studio album, Harry's House, to critical acclaim and a number one spot in more than 25 countries. Usually, the British singer is usually rather quiet about his song's lyrics, but he has now opened up about one particular track and its hidden meaning. Styles recently appeared on the Spout Podcast where he delved into the lyrics of his new album. He spoke specifically about the eighth song on the album: Cinema. The funky pop hit paints a picture of Harry staring at his lover with great wonder. The lyrics croon: "I just think you're cool / I dig your cinema / Do you think I'm cool, too? / Or am I too into you?" As it turns out, these are real fears directly from the star about Olivia, his long-term partner. He confessed that Cinema describes his feelings of not feeling "cool" enough for his Hollywood director girlfriend. Harry said: "I think it’s, like, when you like someone, that initial phase. Am I doing things right? Before you get comfortable with each other and it’s kinda, like, all of that stuff happens at the start of something." Harry's House was recorded throughout 2020 and 2021 - around the time the star first started a relationship with Olivia. So then, it's no wonder some of these lyrics contemplate his position in the relationship. The star was then told that, as a former member of one of the world's biggest boy bands, nobody could be "too cool" for him. His reply was surprising. READ MORE: Elvis biopic director was sent adorable home video from Harry Styles Harry simply responded: "We are all human." It's easy to see why the 28-year-old was intimidated by his 38-year-old partner, as she has had an incredible career. She was a series regular on the iconic medical drama House, as well as one of the main heroes in the Disney reboot Tron: Legacy. Since then, she has directed the critically acclaimed movie Booksmart, and is due to release her second feature film Don't Worry Darling later this year. Harry stars in Don't Worry Darling and recently spoke out about "falling in love on a film set". DON'T MISS...Elvis biopic director was sent adorable home video from Harry Styles [NEWS]One Direction reunion odds crash after Liam Payne interview [REUNION ODDS]Harry Styles 'guaranteed' number one album - but bad news for 1D fans [INFO] Speaking on SiriusXM, Harry explained: "I had a wonderful experience being directed by Olivia. Acting is kind of very uncomfortable at times. I think you have to trust a lot." He noted that working with his partner on the film set was "very helpful". He went on: "It requires a lot of trust if you want to kind of give it everything, and I think being able to trust your director is a gift, so that was very helpful." He added: "It meant for a really nice experience working on that movie." The latest trailer for Harry's other Hollywood movie also just received its first trailer: My Policeman. Harry plays the titular policeman, a closeted man who explores his relationship with a new man on the scene while dodging questions from his wife. The pulse-racing trailer was dropped yesterday by Amazon, and it showed off Harry in some steamy scenes alongside his on-screen wife, Emma Corrin. My Policeman hits cinemas on October 21, 2022. Don't Worry Darling is due out on September 23, 2022. Harry's House is out now. SOURCE