British drivers have had to put up with the ever-increasing fuel prices for months now. And, according to some experts, the cost of filling up a car with diesel or petrol will not drop any time soon. The latest RAC Fuel Watch indicates that drivers will have to pay 191.10p for a litre of petrol. The cost is even higher for diesel car owners who can expect to fork out a whopping 198.96p for a litre. However, despite all the doom and gloom associated with the rising costs, there is some positive news. According to recent research commissioned by the UK’s largest independent road safety charity, IAM RoadSmart, millions of motorists have changed their driving habits for the better amid the fuel crisis. READ MORE: Electric cars may pay car tax through 'vehicle tracking technologies' The charity surveyed over 1,000 motorists. Some 72 percent stated that they had changed how they travel due to the rising costs. A further 38 percent admitted that they now drive more economically as a result of rising fuel prices. Additionally, almost one in five drivers (19 percent) have taken extra care to stick to the speed limit. DON'T MISS Drivers warned they risk life in prison for bad driving habits [WARNING] Driver slapped with £60 fine for parking in disabled bay [INSIGHT] Drivers rage over ‘unclear’ bus lane signs [REVEAL] This respectively represents up to 12.5 million people in possession of a full driving licence in the UK who have adopted slower or smoother driving habits in recent times. The charity also warned motorists of the devastating impact of driving too fast. This was demonstrated using Department for Transport statistics, which show that exceeding the speed limit was reported as a factor in seven percent of all accidents. Neil Greig, Director of Policy and Research at IAM RoadSmart commented: “The rising cost of fuel is yet another added expenditure in this difficult cost of living crisis, and our research demonstrates that many have been forced to rethink their driving habits in an effort to keep their fuel costs to a minimum READ MORE: Furious driver rages over fine he received while eating in a pub “Driving slower and more economically will no doubt help keep the pain at the pumps down, but another positive impact of this is, of course, road safety. “We would urge those who have adopted slower and smoother driving habits to maintain these habits, regardless of fuel prices. “This way, motorists will not only save money on fuel and travel greener but also potentially save lives.” Some experts also predict that fuel prices might start to fall in the next month or so. RAC fuel spokesman Simon Williams said: “With the oil price falling and wholesale costs down over the last week, pressure is mounting on the biggest retailers to turn the tide and put petrol pump prices into reverse. “It now seems we’ve reached the current petrol peak, so we expect to see the big four supermarkets start to cut their prices. “As they dominate UK fuel retailing this should lead to others reducing their prices too which will benefit drivers everywhere.”