In April, Prince Harry sparked controversy during an interview with NBC Today by claiming that he wants to ensure that his grandmother, the Queen, is “protected” and has the “right people around her”. The interview "really did upset" the 96-year-old monarch and the "slap in the face" interview is reportedly a reason behind Prince William and Kate's "rushed" move to Windsor. Speaking on the latest episode on his YouTube channel, Neil Sean discussed William and Kate's upcoming move. Mr Sean claimed: "Our gracious Majesty The Queen, as ever we have to say allegedly, is very very sensitive to people speaking out, you know, when they've had a private conversation with her. "It's not the done thing, it's not protocol." Following Harry's controversial interview, Mr Sean said: "[and] that's truly the reason why, very quickly and very astutely, it was announced that both Catherine and William would now be living very soon on the Windsor Estate to keep a watchful eye on our 96-year-old monarch." He added: "There's a big background to this, so do let me explain, this [Harry's interview] really really did upset Her Majesty. READ MORE: Queen health update: Monarch dispels concerns as she travels to Scotland in major boost "She felt, of course, that this was a bit of a slap in the face to all the people that have truly looked after her and her family, and of course, her working team around her during the pandemic." Mr Sean added: "Of course, now, she would like to see more of Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge so it makes perfect sense. "They would also like to make sure that their children are brought up more in the countryside rather than slap-bang centre of town." He stated that if Harry "hadn't spoken out so quickly" and been in a "rush to get on international television", then the Cambridges move "could have come at a slightly later time". READ MORE: 'Had no idea' George found out he would be king after William and Kate hatched secret plot The interview came at the same time as he attended the Invictus Games. Prior to landing in The Hague, Harry and Meghan made a UK pitstop to visit the Queen. Speaking of the visit, Harry told Hoda Kotb that he and Meghan "had tea" with the Queen. He added that, at the time, the monarch was in "great form" after her bout of Covid. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan stuck in 'stalemate' with royals [INSIGHT]Meghan's comments on Kate 'really damaging' for Harry and William [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry 'thinking of relinquishing title' - claim [VIDEO] It was reported that the Cambridges had set their sights on new home Adelaide Cottage in Windsor. One royal insider told the Daily Mail that the reason for the relocation was due to William wanting to be closer to the Queen as she continues to delegate additional royal duties to him. The Cambridges, and their three children, currently live at Kensington Palace. READ NEXT: