Russian President Vladimir Putin’s full scale invasion of Ukraine has been raging for more than 100 days. The Russian President initially called the war a “special military operation”, with the goal being to “demilitarise and de-Natzify” Kyiv. But comments he made last week increased speculation once again, about whether he had designs on greater ambitions. Mr Putin was speaking at an exhibition, to mark the 350th birthday of the Russian Tsar, Peter the Great. The ex-Russian leader waged a bloody war against Sweden in the 18th Century, to reclaim land that was lost 50 years beforehand. The Russian President compared himself to his predecessor, and claimed that like him, he was reclaiming Russian territory. He said: “Peter the Great waged the Great Northern War for 21 years. He did not take anything from them, he returned [what was Russia's].  READ MORE: Putin's plans backfire as UK fighters' trial to 'invigorate people' “Apparently, it also fell to us to return [what is Russia's] and strengthen [the country].” At the height of the Russian Empire, in 1914, a number of countries we know today existed within its sphere of influence. They included:  Parts of Poland - including its capital Warsaw - and Turkey also fell under the rule of the Russian Empire. When the dynasty fell in 1917, Russia began to cede territory - a process which gradually continued during the next century. DON'T MISS: Putin's bodyguards COLLECT his poo and take it back to Russia [INSIGHT]We back ‘strong ally Boris’ but not plans to expand Nato, saysTurkey [NEWS]Russia threatens 'major' outbreak of fatal disease [EXPLAINER]  During the last decade, President Putin started to reclaim land Russia once ruled over. In 2014, Moscow’s forces annexed the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea, giving way to prolonged fighting in the country’s Donbas region. Just before Russia’s invasion began on February 24, President Putin recognised all of Luhansk and Donetsk as independent of Ukraine. A month into the invasion, Russia scaled back its ambitions to capture the capital Kyiv, and re-focused its efforts in these regions.  Military experts widely expected the Russian President to place the area under Moscow’s control. Claiming the territory was thought to be the minimum goal needed before Russia can deem the war a success. According to the UN human rights office (OHCHR), 4,000 people have been killed, including nearly 200 children, since the start of the war. However, the true number is thought to be far higher, with Ukrainian estimates placing Russian casualties alone at more than 25,000 - something the Kremlin denied. 