The Duchess of Cambridge was spotted with a plaster on her thumb during a Platinum Jubilee event at Cardiff Castle last weekend. But it is not the first time she has been pictured wearing an adhesive bandage on her hand. Back in 2019, the Duchess was wearing the common first aid tape during an appearance at the RHS Chelsea Flower Show. And in 2016, she wore one as she walked her then-one-year-old daughter, Princess Charlotte away from a church service in Berkshire. On another occasion in 2016, Kate was spotted wearing a plaster at the world premiere in Mayfair of A Street Cat Named Bob. Royal fans are at a loss as to the reason Kate needs the pink-coloured bandages. Speculation as to why includes the fact the Duchess is known to be a keen cook who grows her own vegetables. READ MORE: Earl Spencer sparks frenzy with hilarious joke on Prince George It is, therefore, possible she may cut herself during chopping or preening her garden. Her duties as a devoted mum of three lively children may also point to the odd bump and scrape. But when questioned, a Buckingham Palace spokesman said: “We have no comment on the plaster.” Despite Kate often donning the household item, doctors warn it may not be the best way to heal broken skin. Plasters do not allow the skin to breathe and using moisturiser may be a more effective solution, experts say. Dr Anton Alexandroff, a spokesman for the Consultant Dermatologist & British Skin Foundation, told Express.co.uk: “Wearing plasters isn’t that helpful because the skin doesn’t breathe as well and it takes longer to heal. “As a mum, you are washing your hands all the time, so it is important to moisturise regularly. “Using moisturiser is the best way to heal a scratch.” It comes as eagle-eyed royal fans have also noticed Prince Charles’s unusual “sausage fingers”. DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry touted for Strictly appearance [LIVE UPDATES]Lilibet birthday photo exposes key Meghan and Kate difference [OPINION]Inside Kate and William's luxurious 20-room second home [INSIGHT] The future King appears to have swollen digits and even reportedly joked about them while on a royal tour to Australia in 2012. One explanation for the swelling could be a condition called oedema, which, according to the NHS, refers to swollen arms and hands as a result of fluid build-up, and this swelling will often go away on its own. Symptoms include swollen or puffy arms or hands and shiny, stretched skin. Swelling can be eased in a whole host of ways, including lying down and using pillows to raise the swollen area, as well as moving and massaging affected areas of the body. Exercising, drinking plenty of water and keeping arms or hands moisturised can also help.