During the Queen's Platinum Jubilee weekend, millions of people across the globe celebrated the Monarch's 70-year reign. There were street parties, picnics, an incredible pageant and a star-studded Platinum Party at the Palace concert, which was watched by more than 12 million people. Some royal superfans even camped out near Buckingham Palace to catch a glimpse of the Queen. But what is it about the Monarch that makes her so universally highly regarded? Express.co.uk spoke to a psychologist to find out what it is about Queen Elizabeth II that the world is so fascinated by.  Sheena Tannah-Shah said that the Queen is something "constant" in the ever-changing world. For many of us, Queen Elizabeth II is the only monarch that we have ever known and Ms Tanna-Shah said that after 70 years on the throne, although the public does not know her personally "it feels like we do". She added that having reigned over us for seven decades, the Queen has become a "grandmother to us all". The psychologist also said that people see the Queen as an "inspiration" and an "icon" because of her "continued dedication, commitment, and loyalty".  Ms Tanna-Shah said that people are "fascinated by Queen and everything she represents". She added that the Queen always shows love to those she meets and that by turning up to support her at events such as the Jubilee, people feel that they are "giving that same love and respect back". According to the latest YouGov poll, the Queen is the most popular member of the Royal Family, with 81 percent of people having a positive opinion of her. Ms Tanna-Shah added that another reason the public holds the Queen in such high regard is that she has shown that she has a "fun" side to her.   As part of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, the Monarch took part in a hilarious sketch with Paddington Bear where she gave the public a glimpse of what she keeps in her handbag ( a marmalade sandwich of course). Moreover, prior to this, in 2012, the Queen again showed her fun-loving nature by performing alongside James Bond ( Daniel Craig) as part of the London Olympic opening ceremony. She even managed to fool the public into believing she had parachuted out of a plane and into the Olympic Stadium.  READ MORE: Prince William spotted lovingly gazing at Kate - adorable Ascot moment