Red Bull technical advisor Helmut Marko believes Mercedes' upturn in form in recent weeks is not a "bluff" and teams fighting at the front will soon have to watch out for the Silver Arrows. It's been a frustrating season for Mercedes through the opening seven races with neither Lewis Hamilton or George Russell able to fight for race wins. Red Bull and Ferrari have been the early pacesetters under the new regulations with Mercedes playing catch up on their W13. But the Spanish Grand Prix appeared to present a turning point for Mercedes with the team seemingly able to get to grips with the porpoising issue that has plagued their year. There still remains plenty of work for Mercedes to claw back the gap to Red Bull and Ferrari and they were a clear third in Monaco last time out. The streets around Baku this weekend may present a similar issue for Mercedes, but there will be bigger expectations for Canada and Silverstone. They've so far been unable to translate their practice runs into race pace on Sunday, but Marko is looking over his shoulder. When asked on Formel.de whether he thought Mercedes' improved performances in practice were deceptive, Marko said: "No, it's not a bluff." JUST IN: Russell's Mercedes expectations not met despite impressing vs Hamilton  He added: "Mercedes is doing incredibly fast laps in practice and also in the races, both with [Lewis] Hamilton and [George] Russell. Not continuously, so for us it's difficult to interpret where that lap time is coming from. "Listening closely to the Mercedes people, I don't think they know either. But the dangerous thing is the potential seems to be there. "And once that can be called up over a race distance, then they'll be right up there or right at the front." DON'T MISS  Max Verstappen already holds a 75 point lead over Hamilton in the Drivers' Championship with Russell 41 points back. Mercedes are a clear third in the Constructors' Championship too and a big turnaround in performance could still see them fight for the title come the end of the season. Red Bull have dominated the last four races though with Sergio Perez breaking Verstappen's run of three consecutive victories last time out. Perez was victorious last time in Azerbaijan as well, although both Hamilton and Verstappen suffered issues. The Dutchman had a scary blowout down the straight to end his race early while Hamilton locked his brakes heading into the first corner after a restart, which saw him drop down to last.