It took five long years to get him the specialist help he needed after he was assumed to be a naughty kid. My wonderfully intelligent son is autistic and suffers from a rare form of anxiety. But by the time he was diagnosed the years of psychological harm was done.  Barbaric government plans are now set to criminalise parents who listen to their children begging them not to make them go to school, like I did. Never again. So that's why I've teamed up with other parents to petition to axe the new Schools Bill, because we cannot put schools across the country in the impossible position of assessing whether a child with special needs is truanting or not. Last week it was announced that parents will face fines if their child has any unauthorised term-time holiday, or more than five days of absence in one term without permission. Prosecution would follow if the plans go ahead. I believe this is plain discrimination as mistakes will happen and parents will be forced to choose between a criminal record or harming their children under proposals going through parliament. This will not only cause immense harm to vulnerable children but will break families apart. For those like me who would rather go to jail than ignore my child's needs, we will see a rise in unemployment as we lose our jobs. We are in the middle of a cost-of-living crisis and I'm a 40-year-old nurse who had to give up work as I fought tooth-and-nail to get Harleigh the education every child has a right to. My husband Leigh and I have two other children.  While 12-year-old Kayla is doing well back at school I might have to go through all of this again. My youngest, Vinnie, is suffering from increasing anxiety at the thought of starting primary school in September. If these laws go ahead I'd rather face being labelled a criminal than put Vinnie through what Harleigh went through. It began five years ago with him not wanting to go to school. He would miss a day here and there as his anxiety spiked, but by the time of the pandemic it was entire weeks. Teachers kept telling me he was a happy boy and suggested I took parenting classes when I told them he was having meltdowns over going to school. When I racked up fines from the council I fought them. And it was during the appeal that Harleigh was seen by a consultant and diagnosed with autism, pathological demand avoidance and ADHD, as well as becoming traumatised to the point he can't bear to look at a school building. An independent investigator sided with me and criticised the council for not listening to my concerns. I remember physically forcing him past those school gates, him screaming and begging me not to.  He spent weeks in his room during the first lockdown and suffered from hand-washing OCD by seeing the Stay At Home, Save Lives slogan everywhere he looked. Harleigh is thriving now he's on an Education Otherwise Than At School programme, which has provided specialist tuition and mentoring from this February.  He loves space and learning about it with his new VR headset, and I am as glad as any mother that he's finally realising his potential. But when Vinnie acts up over going to nursery, Harleigh tells me: "You should make him go to school - that's what you did to me." It's absolutely heartbreaking. I don't think he'll forget what happened and it's a lot to ask of a child to forgive you for that. Many don't know that when a child with special needs doesn't turn up at school it's recorded as an unauthorised absence.  He spent weeks in his room during the first lockdown and suffered from hand-washing OCD by seeing the Stay At Home, Save Lives slogan everywhere he looked. Harleigh is thriving now he's on an Education Otherwise Than At School programme, which has provided specialist tuition and mentoring from this February.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea So, with charity Square Peg we are calling for changes to ensure families aren't criminalised for having disabled children or those with special needs. Our campaign is calling for an end to the current truancy laws, which leave it with local authorities to fine parents for non-attendance. We also want a mental health "absence code" to help educational professionals take children's health into account when deciding whether they are bunking off or not - all as part of a "support not sanctions" approach. Nearly 100,000 people have backed our petition so please add your name to make the Government think again. Maddie Roberts has now joined forces with another mother, Susan Liverman, to petition against the Schools Bill. Anyone can sign the petition by searching for "Maddie Roberts" on the change.org website Parents can find resources and support at notfineinschool.co.uk and @teamsquarepeg on Twitter 