If you are lucky enough to be named Elizabeth, there are plenty of freebies being handed out this weekend for anyone that shares the name with the monarch. From free meals to train rides, businesses are going all out on making sure the Queen feels celebrated on her Platinum Jubilee by offering freebies to all Elizabeths.  Severn Valley Railway announced they are offering free travel to everyone called Elizabeth throughout the four-day celebratory event. Michael Dunn, head of visitor experience said: “This is all about celebrating the longest-reigning British Monarch ever. “And we wanted to extend that even further to all those whose first name is Elizabeth – or Elisabeth! “I think the Queen herself might just be a bit busy over the bank holiday weekend, but of course she would be very welcome to come and claim her free ticket!” READ MORE: Rylan tells of emotional response to watching red arrows  As well as free train rides, Showcase Cinemas are running a promotion that allows anyone called Elizabeth to get free cinema tickets. People can also claim if their name is Liz, Lizzie, Eliza, Elissa, Elisa, Elise, Elsie, Beth, Betty, Bet, Bess, Bessie, Betsy, Betsey, Alisa, Lisel, Liselle, Lesetta, Lib, Libby, Libbie, Tetsy, Tetty, Tibbie, Bethia, Lisabette, Lisabetta, Lisbeth, Elspie, Elspeth, Else, Elisabeth, Elisabete, Lisa, Erzebet or Lise. The Alan hotel on Princess Street in Manchester is offering free meals this weekend for all Elizabeths. You have to be dining with at least one other person, and must have booked a table beforehand, quoting “Elizabeth” upon booking.  DON'T MISS:Platinum Jubilee: The Royal Family united for sake of her Majesty [INSIGHT]Putin’s state television mocks Queen's "discomfort" as Jubilee slammed [ANALYSIS]Furious Britons tell Prince Andrew to stay away from Queen's Jubilee [COMMENT] Frankie & Benny’s are also offering people a free Victoria sponge cake this weekend when bought with a glass of prosecco. The offer is available all weekend until Sunday, June 5. One user named Lizzie Tweeted: “There’s never been a better time to be called Lizzie! Cheers Queen Elizabeth”. Whilst another wrote: “Wishing I was called Elizabeth this weekend…” And there are plenty more freebies available all over the UK, with independent pubs and restaurants offering free meals and drinks. If you are lucky enough to share a name with Her Majesty, be sure to bring your ID to grab the freebies before the end of the celebrations. 