Piers Morgan is set to pocket a hefty £1million now that Tyson Fury has made a U-turn on his retirement - if the boxer is a man of his word. Tyson told Piers he would pay out if he ever fought again professionally following - and sure enough, the athlete has confirmed his career is back on. Interviewing Piers, Virgin Radio presenter Chris Evans said: “Who have you enjoyed the most on your show so far? “Because you had Trump on your first show, then you had Tyson Fury on, who told you a porkie, actually. “A whopper in the end, to be honest, Piers.” The Talk TV star replied: “Saying he wouldn’t fight again? “Well, he still says he won’t fight again, so I had him back on last week and I was so determined to get the truth out of him, I said to him, ‘Right, if you do fight again professionally, you have to give a million pounds. READ MORE: Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux “And he not only accepted, but when his wife Paris, who was next to him, said, ‘Well, I want a million too.’ “Because she believes he is going to fight again, because she saw that glint in his eye, Tyson Fury replied, ‘Okay, you get a million as well’. “His logic being that if he does fight again, it will be for half a billion pounds, and in that case, two million is neither here nor there.” He added: “So if he does fight again, I’m quids in!” Tyson had previously insisted he was hanging up his boxing gloves unless he was paid £500million to get back in the ring. But 53 days later, he admitted he would consider fighting Oleksandr Usyk again, believing the Ukrainian will beat Anthony Joshua in their rematch in August. "We have some very exciting news coming. I think the world has been waiting for a plan of action," he told Queensberry Promotions. "Last week we had a nice Italian down in London and a long conversation about lots of stuff. DON'T MISS...Jeff Goldblum, 69, steps out with young wife Emilie Livingston, 39 [PICTURES] John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning [VIDEO]Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [INSIGHT] “I will be back in the ring 100 per cent, just like in the movie when Jerry Maguire shouted ‘Show Me The Money!'. “If anyone can show me the money then it’s Frank Warren, I call him the Magic Man and we are going to make some big, big things happen." Piers had grilled him on his programme, asking if he could be tempted back by a fight with Joshua or Usyk. “No, you know, I don't care who wins the fight. I wish them both all the luck in the world,” Tyson replied. “I told you I was done seven weeks ago. “And then there's some talk of me having some exhibition fights, but to be honest with you, I can’t see that coming off either. “I’ve got no interest in fighting anymore… enough is enough for me.”