Motorists around the UK have reacted with fury to the Express.co.uk report of a driver who flat out refused to pay a parking fine handed to him by a council, stating that he’d rather go to jail than have to shell out £70. Neil Dubnyckyj, a carpet shop owner from Scunthorpe, was initially fined £35 after he left his motorhome parked illegally when he visited the East Coast in October 2021 with his grandson. The driver admitted he was wrong but refused to pay the full fine as he already paid £8 for a parking ticket. Instead, Mr Dubnyckyj offered to pay £27. Unfortunately for him, the East Lindsey District Council did not like the idea and doubled the fine to £70. Mr Dubnyckyj then responded to the council saying that he would rather go to jail before paying. READ MORE: Motorists advised to use fuel-saving trick when at the petrol station The majority of commenters on the story were very supportive of the man and used the opportunity to complain about what they feel are ‘jobsworth’ councils. One reader, ‘Daveonawave’ wrote: “He is making the mistake of thinking that the council, who we pay out of our hard earned income, to look after us and improve our quality of life, actually care about us. “They don't. Fines are just a random tax, that's all.” ‘King Rufus’ concurred, writing: “PARKING CHARGES AND PARKING FINES ARE NOW OUT OF CONTROL ACROSS THE WHOLE OF THE UK - COUNCILS HAVE WAY TOO MUCH POWER AND JOBSWORTHS USE IT TO PERSECUTE MOTORISTS.” ‘McFoggy’ replied: “Councils are trying to recoup all the lost revenue due to Covid when drivers were locked down.” While ‘Alternative for Britain’ added: “Councils are run on the same lines as the EUSSR, civil servants have no flexibility at all, and cannot think outside of the box, it is a waste of time trying to deal with them.” ‘Leon Wills’ said: “Councils are charging way too much for such minor offences - any charge should cover an admin fee only - the U.K. is starting to boil over and these things are going to be the incendiary device to cause such ‘fallout’.” And ‘Howard123’ added: “Of course he should be allowed to offset the amount he had already paid. I would do exactly as he is doing if I was in his place. Greedy councils need to be put in their place.” The motorist did have some detractors however, with some believing he should have paid the full fine as he was in the wrong. ‘Workhardfornicethings’ said: “Moral of the story, don't park where you shouldn't. Just pay up why don't ya.” Percyveerance agreed, writing: “Perhaps he should have read what was allowed to be parked there before parting with his cash!” And ‘TheRivet’ said simply: “Pay up you complete chancer!” But in the main there was frustration at the enormous amount of tickets handed out by councils and private companies. ‘Dakey’ wrote: “If he is not allowed to park a campervan there and the penalty is £35 for doing so. what right have they got to keep his £8? “That is theft. they should take the balance of £27 as offered and be done with it.” While ‘criminallyinsane’ added: “Just another complete and utter jobsworth typical council got no time for any of them jumped-up nobodies… stick to your guns fella.”