Despite being fit, Darwin Nunez was left out of the Uruguay squad to face Panama in Montevideo on Saturday night as a precaution ahead of his £85million transfer to Liverpool. The striker, who netted 34 times in all competitions for Benfica this season, was not risked by his national coach Diego Alonso as he prepares to descend on Merseyside for a medical next week as the Reds continue to negotiate the final elements of a lucrative deal with Benfica.  Sporting director Julian Ward met with Benfica chiefs in Lisbon on Saturday morning to finalise the overall structure of the transfer, including payments and achievable add-ons. There is now growing confidence that a deal is now in place with Liverpool expected to pay around £68million upfront and up to £17m in potential bonuses. And in the biggest clue yet that Nunez is seemingly Liverpool-bound, Uruguay confirmed that he was excused from their final match of the international break - a friendly against CONCACAF minnows Panama at Estadio Centenario. Liverpool would undoubtedly be keen to ensure the 22-year-old frontman does not pick up any injuries or problems that jeopardise the move as they prepare to make arrangements to fly Nunez to England upon return to Europe from South America.  Nunez has agreed a five-year contract at Anfield, where he is expected to become central to Jurgen Klopp's plans as Sadio Mane prepares to depart for Bayern Munich. The prolific centre-forward recently came off the bench as Uruguay demolished Mexico 3-0 in a friendly in Glendale, Arizona. Just two days later, he played the full 90 minutes for his country in a 0-0 draw with the United States in Kansas. He is expected to lead the line for Uruguay alongside Edinson Cavani or Luis Suarez at this year's World Cup in Qatar, where La Celeste will face South Korea, Portugal and Ghana in Group G. Liverpool opened talks with Benfica earlier this week and negotiations have been smooth with the Portuguese giants, who are now resigned to losing Nunez. Manchester United were also understood to be keen but the Red Devils were reluctant to become embroiled in a bidding war with fellow competitors. The club have dismissed claims that they met with super-agent Jorge Mendes, who represents Nunez, to discuss a deal. Instead, they are now prioritising other targets as United look to strengthen Erik ten Hag's squad.