Some 22.8 million people depend on disability benefits to help them make ends meet. People with a disability or illness often have higher energy bills so when can they expect their cost of living payment and exactly how much will they get? Millions of households across the UK are struggling to make their budgets cover the rising cost of living. Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced another £15billion in further support from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) last month to help Britons pay soaring energy bills. Almost eight million households will get £1,200 in support to help with the cost of living. Exactly how much someone receives will depend on whether they receive means-tested benefits and disability benefits. READ MORE: Cost of living crisis: 10 money-saving tips for parents  How much are the cost of living payments? Approximately eight million people who receive Universal Credit, legacy benefits and Pension Credit will qualify for £650. Everyone will receive an energy bills rebate of £400. Britons on disability benefits like Attendance Allowance will get a one-off sum of £150 in September. Pensioner households will receive an extra £300 this year to help them cover the rising cost of energy this winter. DON'T MISSState pensioners may get extra £92 per week for hearing loss [UPDATE]Woman shares way pensioners can make hundreds of pounds extra monthly [INSIGHT]State pension may hit £10,600 yet old state pension will pay just £8k [ALERT] Meanwhile, Attendance Allowance is one of the most underclaimed DWP benefits with 3.4 million Britons missing out. This DWP benefit is available to pensioners who have an illness or disability that affects their everyday lives and is worth over £4,000 a year. One of the reasons people cite for not claiming is that they find the application process overcomplicated. However, there are eight tips people can follow to help them fill out the form successfully. Eight tips for filling in the Attendance Allowance claim form: What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea People don’t need to have a carer to qualify for Attendance Allowance. However, if someone needs help during both the day and night they could receive £92.40. Applicants might also qualify for Pension Credit, Housing Benefit or a Council Tax Reduction. Anyone who thinks they may qualify can apply by logging onto Gov.uk or calling 0800 731 0122.