When Peaky Blinders returned for its final outing, there was one big character missing: Polly Gray (played by Helen McCrory). Actress McCrory sadly died in 2021 aged 52 from breast cancer with her husband and Homeland actor Damian Lewis confirming the news on social media. Tragically, if the coronavirus pandemic hadn’t delayed filming, she would have been in the final series of the BBC drama. The BBC drama’s creator Steven Knight had to alter the storyline due to McCrory’s illness and sad death. Knight said the storyline was changed “by degrees” and a “challenge” for him, but nothing compared to the tragedy of the actress’ loss. He said: “It emerged that having Helen as her usual character wasn’t going to happen [due to her illness], so then it was trimmed and trimmed until it wasn’t possible to have Helen at all.” The Taboo writer added to NME: “We changed the story, we changed how it worked and somehow it fitted.” READ MORE: Will there be a season 7 of Peaky Blinders? In fact, McCrory had even filmed scenes for season six and there were hopes she would be able to shoot more but this sadly didn’t happen. He explained: “There were scenes that we shot when Helen was still alive because we hoped that we’d be in a position where we could bring Helen back to shoot for a couple of days with us. That was very positive and we were very engaged in that.” Knight said only a small group had known about the actress’ health at the time of filming and with most knowing only she was unwell. Season six paid tribute to both McCrory and her onscreen alter-ego with her presence felt throughout the final cycle and her voice echoing in Tommy Shelby’s (Cillian Murphy) head as she warned of a war and one person dying. Polly also had a fitting funeral in the season opener with Tommy and Michael Gray (Finn Cole) holding their peace for the ceremony. The character of Polly was killed off-screens with the IRA claiming responsibility for her death, along with the murders of Aberama Gold (Aidan Gillen) and Barney Thompson (Cosmo Jarvis). Tommy received a phone call from the IRA’s top woman Laura ‘Captain Swing’ McKee (Charlene McKenna), who told the Brummie godfather he had three bodies coming to him. In a heartbreaking scene, Tommy found a truck pulling up outside his home to deliver three shrouded corpses. DON'T MISS...Peaky Blinders: Why did Esme Shelby star Aimee-Ffion Edwards leave? [EXPLAINER]Peaky Blinders: Did Oswald Mosley really have affairs? [FACT CHECK]Peaky Blinders: Why did Freddie Thorne star Iddo Goldberg leave? [INSIGHT]Peaky Blinders: What does Perish Judah mean as Mosley uses vile slur? [ANALYSIS] He pulled back the sheet on the third one and broke down after discovering it was his beloved Aunt Polly. This was the last scene filmed on season six as a tribute to McCrory and her legacy on the show. Captain Swing told Tommy they had been killed because of the assassination plot again MP Oswald Mosley (Sam Claflin), whom they wanted to keep alive for their own ends. In the show, Mosley had shown support for the IRA and it seemed the organisation was hoping he would further bolster their case. Captain Swing informed Tommy about Polly’s death: "We've made changes to the structure of your organisation. "You've had a crutch to lean on, we kicked away that crutch. From now on it'll be us you lean on." She went on to say Polly’s demise was Tommy’s "own responsibility because he consistently failed to understand his own limitations". Although Polly died, she became something of a supernatural entity as Tommy seemed to commune with her spirit as he tried to figured out his enemies. Her death also caused huge tension between Michael and Tommy, with Polly’s son vowing to take revenge on his uncle and blaming him for the death of his mother. Peaky Blinders season 6 is streaming on Netflix now