Fury has erupted among fishermen in the Norfolk town after conservationists raised fears cockles had been over-fished and stocks had become dangerously low. Fishermen have now been banned from fishing in the Wash, a designated Marine Protected Area, following the decision by the Eastern Inshore Fisheries and Conservation Authority (EIFCA), which is responsible for monitoring the North Sea's wildlife.  The local fishing industry is now under pressure as its fleet of trawlers and other boats rely on shellfish sales to survive, with cockles a popular choice among tourists during the summer season. They met with the EIFCA for a meeting, which was described as “stormy”, on Wednesday. It comes after EIFCA carried out a survey of the area in March which revealed the number of cockles did not meet the bird-food threshold. The group argue a ban on fishing would help the stocks to replenish. But Neil Lake, from local John Lake Shellfish Ltd, argued the survey was undertaken too early in the year as the cockles do not finish producing until the end of April. Mr Lake described the meeting as “stormy”.  READ MORE: Foreign fishing fleets taking nutrients away from malnourished He added: “None of the county council wanted to close the fisheries. They said to look at anyway possible to re-open the fisheries." The EIFCA report said the survey found that “the stocks in the regulated fishery do not meet the bird-food model threshold and are unable to support a cockle fishery this year”. It added: “This is primarily the result of very low spatfalls in 2019 and 2020 and only a moderate spatfall in 2021.  DON'T MISSUK fishing boats treated as foreigners in OWN waters under hated deal Ex-MEP savages Boris for allowing 1,700 EU vessels to hammer UK watersSmoke bombs and flares erupt as UK fisherman protest near Whitby “Combined with this is the fact that cockle densities are very low, particularly for adult cockles, which would make any fishery difficult to prosecute. “As a consequence, the recommendations to the full Authority at their next meeting on 8th June 2022 will be that both the cockle fishery and the dredged mussel re-laying dredge fisheries are not opened this year.” The EIFCA said they were determined to ensure the fishery was not “overexploited to the detriment of the stocks or the environment”.  In a statement, they added: “In the absence of the annual cockle fishery, which is a mainstay for fishermen in the Wash, Eastern IFCA anticipates an understandable shift in effort to other fisheries this year, particularly the shrimp and whelk fisheries. “Unfortunately, neither of these can accommodate any significant increases in effort. While we understand the present risks to the Wash fishing industry, we must ensure that these fisheries remain sustainable and are not overexploited to the detriment of the stocks or the environment. “As a consequence, we are actively considering if further management measures are required for these fisheries, which may include early adoption of Inshore Vessel Monitoring Systems, in advance of the national regulation being in place. “We are acutely aware of the impacts on the industry, particularly in the context of additional external pressures including rising fuel and living costs.”