West Ham are set to get their summer transfer activity underway with the signing of Rennes defender Nayef Aguerd - with the Moroccan reportedly at the club's Chadwell Heath training ground ahead of a £25million move to east London. David Moyes' men recently battled for a Champions League spot for the second season running, though they ultimately finished 15 points behind Tottenham after late poor form. And looking ahead to the new campaign, additions are imperative given that Ryan Fredericks, Andriy Yarmolenko and Mark Noble all left the club following the expiration of their contracts. The impending arrival of Aguerd should help Moyes and the Hammers, with a £25m offer being accepted by the Brittany club after days of talks between the two parties. And with the Morocco international at the club's training ground on Friday morning according to Sky Sports, Moyes will be happy that one of his key targets has nearly been acquired. The report states that once the deal is agreed, there will be an announcement of Aguerd's signing on Monday with a due diligence period likely to occur over the weekend. The fee would make Aguerd the Hammers' fifth-most expensive signing behind Sebastian Haller, Felipe Anderson, Kurt Zouma and Nikola Vlasic. The east London outfit were in the top four as late as early February after they beat Watford 1-0, although a run of just four wins in their final 14 games saw them crumble away. Squad depth was crucial to the collapse, with injuries somewhat hampering their ambitions as other clubs stormed to a strong finish. Declan Rice could possibly leave over the summer, while Jarrod Bowen, who finds himself in the England setup after an outstanding season at the London Stadium, is also widely admired. But if they are to depart, a significant fee would be required, which could leave the club in an even better position to strengthen across the board and finally attempt to feature in Europe's premier competition for the first time in their history. Moyes alluded to funds being available after Daniel Kretinsky acquired 27 per cent of shares in the club back in November - with the Scot wanting to build a legacy should the money be made available to sign players. “We can add to it and maybe get a bit more competition in some areas than we’ve had at the moment,” Moyes told reporters in May. “The truth is, I’ve probably been looking forward six months to a year. How can I grow it a little bit better and stronger. I’ve been at it all the time and I’ve never stopped thinking about the future and growing the club. “I want things better round the training ground and the stadium. There are lots of things I want to build, but with regards to players, we hope we’ll be able to add to what we’ve got next season.”