West Ham want to sign Arnaut Danjuma from Villarreal this summer but manager David Moyes is currently instead prioritising a deal for Jesse Lingard, who will become a free agent on Friday following the expiry of his Manchester United contract. The Hammers boss has the final say on all potential arrivals at the London Stadium and signings will only be formalised following his own personal approval.  Express Sport understands the West Ham board are keen to push through a deal for Danjuma and they're willing to satisfy Villarreal's valuation of the player but Moyes isn't so keen. Instead, he is fixated on securing the return of former loanee Lingard as West Ham continue dialogue with his representatives. The Irons have made the 29-year-old a formal contract offer, although it's currently unclear whether their proposal will be enough to strike an agreement for the England international. Lingard dazzled in an impressive six-month loan spell in east London in the second half of the 2020/21 campaign, netting nine times and registering four assists in 16 outings for the Hammers before returning to Old Trafford. While it's currently unclear whether West Ham have the financial leverage to pursue both attacking targets, they may have to play the waiting game in order to land Danjuma. The Netherlands international forward is totally relaxed and not actively angling to leave Villarreal this summer ahead of November's World Cup in Qatar. He struck 16 goals in 34 outings in Spain last season in all competitions and his current contract contains a release clause worth in the region of £38m (€45m). Danjuma would also be prepared to wait until January to seal his return to the Premier League, where he previously featured for Bournemouth. West Ham have already held club-to-club negotiations with Villarreal and the board are more than willing to finance a deal, although they have now put the breaks on a move. The former Bournemouth winger is more than happy in La Liga and would only pursue a new challenge this summer should the sporting project be right for his own personal development. He will not simply get up and leave for the sake of it. Villarreal, meanwhile, are keen to push through a move at all costs as they need to generate additional spending power after Unai Emery's side failed to qualify for the Champions League or Europa League - despite reaching the semi-finals of Europe's elite club competition. Other clubs are believed to be interested in Danjuma as West Ham leave the door open for other suitors to pounce. The former Bournemouth winger is more than happy in La Liga and would only pursue a new challenge this summer should the sporting project be right for his own personal development. He will not simply get up and leave for the sake of it. Villarreal, meanwhile, are keen to push through a move at all costs as they need to generate additional spending power after Unai Emery's side failed to qualify for the Champions League or Europa League - despite reaching the semi-finals of Europe's elite club competition. The Hammers are also pursuing a move for Chelsea striker Armando Broja and an opening offer worth in the region of £30m is anticipated. Sources close to the Albanian international have told Express Sport he would be willing to consider any offer that arrives from West Ham or elsewhere before the start of the 2022/23 season. Broja is also open to staying at Chelsea but he is mindful that new attacking reinforcements are likely to arrive following Romelu Lukaku's loan switch to Inter Milan. Thomas Tuchel is keen to assess Broja in pre-season before making any final decision over his future.