Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has lauded Calvin Ramsay after the Reds unveiled the signing of the right-back from Aberdeen on Sunday. Liverpool paid £6.5million, with only £4m up front, to land the 18-year-old, who enjoyed a breakthrough season in Scotland last time around. Ramsay is the third player to join the Reds this summer after Fabio Carvalho and Darwin Nunez recently put pen-to-paper on contracts at Anfield, though the former has yet to be officially unveiled yet. And Klopp believes his latest addition ticks all the boxes. “Calvin is another exciting young player, so we’re very pleased,” the German said. “He has bags of potential. He is only 18 years old at the moment, although turns 19 soon and already has a decent number of first-team appearances for a defender of his age. “He is athletic, smart, confident, with good technical ability and - always crucial - is eager to learn. So there’s lots to like. Experiences of European and under-21s international football have been really important for him and his development too.” READ MORE: Christian Eriksen has 'accepted' element of Man Utd transfer    Ramsay was Aberdeen’s first-choice right-back last season and made 33 appearances for the Scottish side. His attacking credentials were illustrated time and time again as he burst forward at every opportunity and racked up nine assists across the campaign. He will link up with his new side when pre-season training gets underway. And Klopp admits the player will benefit from an early summer transfer. “Signing so early in the window is fantastic for him as it means he’ll be with us for pre-season,” the 55-year-old added. “That helps so much, particularly for a younger signing coming to us. “He and we will have patience with each other. I think we have proved ours is the ideal environment to nurture and harness the qualities and talent of a young player. So we’re all really looking forward to working with him and seeing him improve and develop.”  Ramsay, who has made three appearances for the Scotland under-21s, will play second fiddle to Trent Alexander-Arnold but is likely to get plenty of game time in the cup competitions. And the teenager has revealed that his decision to join Liverpool was influenced by the fact the club have provided a platform for young players since Klopp took charge. “There's obviously a pathway here - that's one of the reasons I chose it as well,” Ramsay explained. “It's not just a massive club, they give young players chances in the first team. So if I can come in in pre-season, put my mark down, then there's no reason why I can't push to get in the first-team squad.”  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here