Tomasz Schafernaker, 43, has taken to Twitter to address a complaint by a viewer who believed the weather map was situated “too low”. The social media user pointed out that bending down to point at each area “doesn’t look good”. They responded to a series of pictures posted by Tomasz which showed him working at the brand new BBC studios. The viewer, who went by the username Angie_T7, wrote: “The map looks too low... bending down all the time doesn't look good....shame.” Tomasz reposted the tweet, clarifying that the map had been purposely placed where it was. He said: “No other way round it. “We can’t chop off the Northern Isles, and we can’t show more of France as it’ll shrink the UK… then you won’t be able too see anything! “Trust me, we know the limitations.” However, a second social media user challenged Tomasz, insisting that the map’s positioning could be changed to avoid it being too low. Redders63 said: “There is a way around it, so U don't have 2 jump up & down 2 present the weather, shrink the map 2 a more sensible size OR display it as per the OS mapping ppl do, that way the whole of the British Isles is shown.” (sic) Tomasz explained that making changes to the way the Northern Isles are shown had previously caused “a lot of upset,” and therefore they would not be changed again. He said: “No, putting the Northern Isles in a box caused a lot of upset. “They do not want it and we will respect that.” Tomasz was left red-faced earlier this year after suffering an awkward blunder live on-air. DON'T MISS...Helen Skelton stuns in busty hot pink jumpsuit at Royal Ascot [LATEST]Holly Willoughby stuns in pink at Royal Ascot [PICTURES]Christie Brinkley, 68, leaves fans speechless in tiny bikini [INSTAGRAM] The TV star’s smart watch went off as he was presenting his segment and had to ask viewers to “ignore” it. Tomasz was half way through his first weather report on the show when suddenly a voice was heard coming from his smartwatch. Quickly realising what was happening, Tomasz said: “Oh dear, I’ve done this before. I thought I switched it off. “That’s a phone going off, watch going off again. “Anyway, ignore that,” he added, before continuing with his weather report. Finishing up the segment, Tomasz said: “So, I think overall the week’s looking pretty settled for many of us, apart from that little weather front that’s moving through right now. “Temperatures about the average for the time of year. “On the whole, I think it’s fine. Back to you two,” he concluded.