The former press secretary to the Queen has shared a warming tale from a private moment he once shared with Her Majesty during a picnic with the Royal Family at Balmoral Castle. Mr Arbiter described how the Queen's no-nonsense approach took him by surprise when the moment came to wash up. Mr Arbiter told TimesRadio: "But my first real meeting with the Queen, having met her on a number of royal tours or press receptions. I was invited to Balmoral in August of that year for a dine and sleep, dine and sleeps are usually 24 hours and this particular one was 48 hours. "When I arrived, it was raining cats and dogs and I was greeted by a footman, who told me to be ready in half an hour. I'm going on a picnic.He saw the look on my face and said no, don't worry you're going to a log cabin. So I thought well, that's a bit of a relief. "I waited in the entrance hall, I felt this five-foot four-figure whip past me like a whirlwind said come on, get in and I got into Land Rover and she was driving and a bit of a lead weight in the right foot and she did about three miles in about 10 minutes, over that sort of route it takes a bit longer. "We got to the log cabin, which was high on a hill overlooking Loch Muick she dived into the cabin, I was left outside with Prince Philip, and he knew I'd spent time in southern Africa so we talked about game conservation, and then we were called in for lunch. "I haven't got a clue what we talked about at lunch, but I do remember the Tupperware where we helped ourselves, there were no servants there helping us. "Silver cutlery, China plates and at the end of it, the Queen said we've got to clear up and I took it as my cue as being the junior courtier to go and start washing up so I started to wash up and I heard this footfall. "Now there were only four people at this lunch, the Queen Prince Phillip a Lady-in-waiting. I heard this footfall and I thought well how nice Lady-in-waiting is coming to give me a hand and I said quite casually over my shoulder okay, I'll wash you dry. "This very familiar voice said no, I'll wash you dry! So I did the drying up and HM put her hands into the soap suds, no rubber gloves I hasten to add and we did the washing up." The royal expert's anecdote comes as Platinum Jubilee celebrations draw to a close with a colourful street pageant which royal revellers hope will be capped by a Buckingham Palace appearance by the Queen. The monarch received affectionate tributes from the Prince of Wales and national figures during Saturday night's Platinum Party at the Palace that saw Sir Rod Stewart, Diana Ross and Duran Duran perform for thousands. And in a comic sketch that delighted the nation, the Queen had tea with Paddington Bear and revealed, like the furry character, she is partial to a marmalade sandwich. In his personal tribute Charles spoke movingly about the Queen, calling her "Mummy" and described how "you laugh and cry with us and, most importantly, you have been there for us..." in a speech to thousands of spectators in The Mall. On Sunday, millions will gather for patriotic street parties, picnics and barbecues, with more than 85,000 Big Jubilee Lunches being held across the UK. The Duchess of Cornwall, patron of the Big Lunch, will join Charles at a flagship feast at The Oval cricket ground in south London, while the Earl and Countess of Wessex will meet people creating the "Long Table" down on The Long Walk leading up to Windsor Castle. Some 10,000 people including a cast of 6,000 performers are involved in staging the 3km carnival procession from Horse Guards, along Whitehall to Admiralty Arch and down The Mall to Buckingham Palace. Among the sights will be the Gold State Coach which will feature archival footage of the Queen broadcast at the windows, making it seem as if the monarch is in the carriage.