Relationships, home renovations, and career developments are other ways adults see how they are doing on social media – while weddings, hairstyles, and back gardens also featured in the list. And nearly one in five (17 percent) feel under pressure to live the “perfect life” due to social media – despite over half (52 percent) admitting people only post the things they want others to see on their profiles. As a result, 22 percent of the 2,000 social media users polled embrace the trend of “Instagram vs Reality”, and think no-one's life is as perfect as it ever seems online. Emma Wright, from RESCUE UK, which commissioned the research, said: “Even though there are plenty of good things about social media, it can also be a big source of pressure and stress. “When we look at other peoples’ lives through a filtered and curated lens, it’s only natural that we start to compare with our own lives, and feel we are not quite measuring up. “But it’s so important not to get too carried away with what we see online, and remember that life paints a much bigger picture.” The study also found a quarter of those polled are likely to post about the food they have cooked, books they’ve read, and the TV shows they’ve watched. And two in ten are likely to post about their wedding day photos – or even family members who have passed away. Nearly two-thirds (64 percent) compare themselves with their current friend groups and family members on social media, while 48 percent often obsess over celebrity profiles online. But while 22 percent feel inspired when using social media, a quarter admit to feeling self-conscious. As a result, 26 percent have felt the need to eat healthier, and one in five have been inspired to redecorate their home. Another 17 percent have also felt the urge to buy a house of their own after seeing where others live via social media, and 15 percent have considered purchasing a new car. Facebook, YouTube and Instagram are among the most popular social media platforms to use – with the average person spending 57 minutes a day online. But this has left many struggling to make time for exercise (37 percent), personal wellbeing (34 percent), and family time (30 percent). Despite 42 percent of those polled, via OnePoll, being happy with their current lifestyle, the study also found one in five (19 percent) admitted seeing how others seemingly live on social media makes them re-think their routine. And over a third (35 percent) of those with children are concerned about their own kids comparing themselves with others in the future. Because of this, 39 percent think it is important to show the real side of parenting as well as all the perfect moments online. Emma Wright, from RESCUE UK, added: “Social media can make people feel they have to have every part of their life together. But life isn’t a picture-perfect Instagram feed. “True balance is not about stretching our days to fill in more tasks so that we end up multi-tasking to our limits – instead, it’s about creating time for ourselves for our personal wellbeing. After all, you can’t pour from an empty cup.” TOP 25 THEMES PEOPLE COMPARE THEMSELVES TO WITH OTHERS ON SOCIAL MEDIA: