Passengers have been frustrated by travel chaos all year and the industry has struggled to get things back on track since the pandemic. Gatwick Airport announced today it would cut flight numbers in July and August after the Government ordered flights to be cancelled if the schedule was not deliverable. Airlines or holiday providers should contact passengers immediately if their flight is cancelled. Anyone due to travel should keep a close eye on their emails and messages close to the departure date. In the event of a cancellation, travellers are normally offered a few options to choose from such as getting a refund or rebooking the flight for another date. READ MORE: Taxi scam in Europe warning - ‘do not trust’ If you’re unsure if your flight is going ahead and have not heard anything from the airline, there are other ways to check. Flight Aware is a well-known website which tracks planes and shares information about cancellations. The site works by entering your flight number or route and pulls up everything you need to know about the journey. Similarly, websites such as Flight Stats or Flight Radar 24 are also options to consider. All the information about your flight will be found in the email you received when booking the flight. Passengers can also check with their airlines or holiday providers directly to see if the flight is cancelled. Some of the biggest airlines such as British Airways, EasyJet and TUI allow you to do this online via their websites. Most airlines also have a mobile app which travellers can use to find the latest updates on their flights. Airports are another source that can be used, as most display the departure board online so passengers can check this for updates too. DON'T MISS:POLL: Should Brexit be blamed for travel chaos? [POLL]TUI family holiday ruined after raunchy festival - 'drunk like fish' [INSIGHT]M6 CLOSED after lorry overturns – drivers face hours of traffic chaos [BREAKING] There is disagreement over whom to blame for the problem, but staff shortages are a big issue right now. Thousands of jobs were lost at airlines and airports during the coronavirus pandemic and many of these have not been replaced yet. This is because the processing time for airport workers is long and requires vetting from the Civil Aviation Authority and the Government. On June 1, Transport Secretary Grant Shapps met with industry bosses to find a solution to the industry chaos. In a statement, he said: "Both myself and the Aviation Minister have made the changes needed to allow the sector to prepare for summer, but now we need industry to do their bit." Chief Executive of Airlines UK, Tim Alderslade, said: "This isn’t an airline issue or an airport issue or a government issue. "We’re in this together and we look forward to exploring options with ministers to move the sector forwards as we approach the summer."