Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has laid out plans to hold an independence referendum next year. On Tuesday, she said she would update Holyrood on her plans “very soon indeed”. Ms Sturgeon looked to European countries such as Denmark and Ireland for inspiration of what Scotland could become outside the UK. She insisted that she has a mandate to hold another vote with or without Westminster’s agreement, adding that she has sought legal advice on this. However, this week, expert Anthony Salmone, managing director at Euro Merchants, a political analysis firm, warned the SNP leader that the EU would be unlikely to support such a vote. He added that Brussels would listen first to Westminster, as the UK Government needs to give the go ahead for a referendum. Mr Salamone told the Times that the EU would base its response “first and foremost on the position of the UK government”. He added: “In short, if the UK state did not agree to that referendum, the EU would react extremely cautiously and in all likelihood not act on a Yes vote reached under those circumstances.” The EU would want to avoid any further deterioration of relations with the UK as Brussels and London continue to clash over Brexit. Mr Salamone continued: “That is the reality, regardless of whether some proponents of independence find it unjust.” Michael Keating, professor of politics at Aberdeen University and director of the Economic and Social Research Council’s Centre on Constitutional Change, also said “some of the best minds” in Scotland had spent the past few years trying to work out how to hold a referendum without the UK Government’s consent. But a unionist boycott of a wildcat referendum would likely delegitimise the vote, he said. Mr Keating concluded: “This is what happened in Catalonia where only the pro-independence people turned out — 47 percent — and they voted and the others didn’t vote. "As long as the unionists can simply ignore it, then it’s not going to mean anything.” Despite the doubts surrounding a referendum, fellow independence advocate Alex Salmond has vowed to put differences aside and help the SNP. READ MORE: 'We have a £30m shortfall' Jeremy Vine caller minutely tears Sturgeon The Alba Party leader, who was leader of the SNP during the first independence vote in 2014, said another referendum on whether Scotland should leave the UK is "a no-ifs-no-buts commitment now". Speaking to Sky News, he said he now believes Ms Sturgeon is the "inevitable" person to lead the campaign for a second Scottish independence referendum. Mr Salmond continued: "To the second part of your question, in terms of being the right person, she's the inevitable person to lead the campaign. "She's the head of the Scottish government. The Scottish government has a prime role in the independence referendum. "I don't think you would find any personal difficulties coming in the way of something which is much bigger, much greater than any two individuals. "It's a no ifs, no buts commitment now that there's going to be a referendum by October of next year. So the national movement, Scotland, I'm looking forward to taking part in that referendum." DON'T MISSSturgeon claims Tories 'terrified' of IndyRef2 [INSIGHT]Sturgeon skewered over referendum plot as thousands dying  [ANALYSIS]Nicola Sturgeon’s IndyRef2 plans ripped apart: ‘Should respect vote!’ [INSIGHT] Earlier this week, Prime Minister Boris Johnson flatly rejected the idea of a second independence referendum. His spokesman said: “The UK government’s position is that now is not the time to be talking about another referendum. “We are confident that the people of Scotland want and expect their governments to be working together to focus on issues like the global cost of living challenges, like the war in Europe and the issues that matter to their families and their communities.” He added: “The position on the referendum remains unchanged. It’s not something the prime minister believes the public want either government to be focused on at a time when there are other challenges facing them right now. “First and foremost we want to continue to work with the Scottish government on those issues that are affecting the public right now.”