Back when Bohemian Rhapsody was first announced in 2010, Sacha Baron Cohen was attached to play Freddie Mercury. Yet three years later he’d left the project over creative differences with producers, having wanted to make a more adult decadent biopic. At the time, Brian May shared what else was the issue. Brian said: “In the end, we felt that his presence in the movie would be very distracting. What led us to that conclusion was the last three movies that he's made - The Dictator, Les Miserables and Hugo – in which he makes outstanding performances, but they're very much Sacha Baron Cohen performances. And we thought there has to be no distraction in the Freddie movie. You have to really suspend that disbelief – the man who plays Freddie, you have to really believe is Freddie. And we didn't think that could really happen with Sacha.” Following the release of Bohemian Rhapsody starring Rami Malek as Freddie, Brian didn’t hold back on what could have been with Cohen. The Queen legend told Classic Rock: “Well, that was a near-disaster. I think we realised just in time what a disaster that was going to be. And it actually wasn’t rocket science to figure that out. But yeah, that’s one of the rocks that we nearly hit. I think we were all nervous in the beginning, when the casting process was going on. Because yes, that’s a real tough thing to contemplate – somebody playing the part of you.” READ MORE: Bohemian Rhapsody 2 ‘will need magical inspiration’ shares Brian May Brian added: “The guy who plays me, Gwilym Lee, I spent a lot of time with him, so he understood me. He’d be picking up my mannerisms and what makes me tick. So when Freddie and me are in the studio, confronting each other, it’s very real. Some of it was improvised, but they did it with the knowledge that they understood us from the inside out.” The almost 75-year-old believes Bohemian Rhapsody depicts Freddie’s flaws but without being gratuitous, saying: “It’s not meant to be messy and licentious, and I think that was a good decision.” DON'T MISSQueen and Adam Lambert concert review: Unbelievably entertaining [REVIEW]Brian May praises Adam Lambert's 'unmatchable amazing pipes!' [BRIAN ON ADAM]Freddie Mercury unheard Queen song to release: ‘It’s very passionate’ [FREDDIE] Asked about it not being a druggy rock movie, Brian said: “No. It didn’t need to be. All that stuff is in there. But you don’t need to be revelling in scenes of debauchery. Not that Freddie was particularly debauched anyway. I know some people were looking for that. But no, it’s a film which portrays the truth, in a fairly gritty and honest but also entertaining way.” SOURCE