Royal expert Jonathan Sacerdoti discussed the lack of public displays of affection between Prince William and Prince Harry. Mr Sacerdoti claimed not to know if the Royal Princes had spoken since the Queens Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The Royal expert claimed that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge had Royal duties to undertake in Wales, so could not make Lilibet's birthday party. There have been many Britons who are continuing to remain hopeful that Prince Harry will return to the UK and the Monarchy as a full-time member of the Royal family again, despite constant claims of a rift between the two Royal brothers. Mr Sacerdoti told Royally Us: "We certainly didn't see any overt public displays of affection between the two brothers. "We don't know if they've spoken since, we know that also, William and Kate are said not to of gone to the birthday party for Lilibet their daughter. "And Harry and Meghan's daughter and that again was seen by some as a snub, but of course, it wasn't a snub. "They had other engagements, they were in Wales fulfilling their duties as still working Royals, during the Jubilee celebration long weekend. JUST IN: Have Your Say: Does Boris even care about Brexit or is he just trying to save his job?     Mr Sacerdoti added: "So I think it was not really fair to expect them to attend a private birthday party, even of William's brother's daughter. "I think that just shows their dedication to duty and service, following the rules that are there for them in their role. "And their sense of responsibility, and I don't think it's fair to criticise them for not having been there." Other Royal experts have been speculating on whether Prince William and Prince Harry had made amends, as Prince Harry and Meghan Markle both attended the Queens Platinum Jubilee, for celebrations. READ MORE: Cash-strapped families to get £60 vouchers for Tesco, Asda, Aldi and more     Russell Myers, the royal editor at The Mirror, gave his opinion on the matter in last week’s episode of Pod Save The Queen: “My understanding is — I mean there was a story knocking about even before the Jubilee that they were talking or texting and Whatsapping and that is simply not happening. The royal insider said: “Charlotte will send everyone in the family thoughtful gifts and cards, and at the very least they’ll call as a family to sing happy birthdays and so on.” Some Royalists are still hopeful that Prince Harry will make a full return to the UK and the Monarchy. The insider added: “Harry has his heart set on returning to the UK to see the Queen with Meghan, Archie and Lilibet. But that will only happen if the government takes the appropriate measures to protect his family," They continued: “Harry and Meghan are doing everything they can to make the world a better place and feel it would be wrong to rob their children of the opportunity of getting to know their cousins.”