Trump is privately worried the decision is bad news for Republican candidates, most of whom espouse pro-life positions. Why does he believe the Court’s conservative majority handed the Democrats, whose candidates are uniformly pro-choice, a potential lifeline ahead of November’s congressional election? Uncharacteristically, Trump has adopted the conventional wisdom on abortion. Normally, his political instincts are far wiser on important issues.America’s political and media establishments mistakenly believe pro-choice candidates will be the principal political beneficiaries of legal and legislative attempts to remove the national right to an abortion.Their logic is women are the largest voting bloc and, obviously, they are the ones directly affected by abortion’s availability. Consequently, women will prioritise this issue and will suitably punish those politicians threatening their reproductive freedom.This theory sounds plausible, but it does not stand up to contemporary empirical examination. Trump should know this, as he has been the major political beneficiary.Three pieces of recent evidence stand out. First, in both 2016 and 2020 our Democracy Institute polls found among voters who prioritised abortion above other issues, the vast majority were not pro-choice voters. Instead, they were pro-life, anti-abortion voters.Second, these anti-abortion voters are disproportionately female.Third, eight out of 10 of these pro-life single issue voters chose Trump over Hilary Clinton in 2016, and nine out of 10 chose Trump over Joe Biden in 2020. Other polls found similar results. The conventional wisdom about abortion is wrong in terms of the direction and strength of the figurative pebbles on the political pond. Why is it so wrong?The old adage that abortion would be legal everywhere and unrestricted if men were at risk of becoming pregnant always presumed men were the problem for the pro-choice side. If it ever was true in America, it certainly is not true today.Women are a majority of those holding pro-life views, while men constitute a majority of those with pro-choice views. Ironically, and perhaps counterintuitively, it is male, not female, voters who would be responsible for any hypothetical electoral blowback against Republican candidates.  Although the Supreme Court decision will not help the Democrats’ electoral chances, any real or perceived threat to abortion is always a financial godsend to the Democrats.Upper-middle class, liberal, and wealthy voters are reliably generous donors to the abortion rights cause. Ordinary folk of a pro-choice predisposition will also chip-in small individual amounts to defend reproductive rights. The Democrats confirmed my own ordinary status within three hours of the Supreme Court decision. My phone received a generic text from the Democratic National Committee (the party’s campaign arm) that screamed: “GOP-appointed SCOTUS justices overturned Roe. Our rights are on the ballot, and Dems must fight back. Rush $15 to the DNC.”Many Democratic voters will send the DNC money, which is always necessary in politics. But money will not be sufficient to alter the trajectory of a campaign that this year is drifting away from the Democrats.The Democrats’ fundamental problem is reliable pro-choice donors and voters are also incredibly reliable voters. And, they mostly vote in safe Democratic congressional districts on America’s east and west coasts. Whether this abortion decision happened or not, they were always going to vote, and vote for the Democrats.Crucially, single issue pro-life voters are comparatively unreliable voters, many residing in swing midwestern districts. They may or may not participate in an election.What does make them vote, and what swells Republican candidates’ tallies, is their belief abortion is literally or figuratively on the ballot. And, the Democrats are determined to imprint the issue upon these and their own voters’ minds.The Democrats simply can’t energise enough new or lapsed voters with their pro-choice appeal. By contrast, the Republicans can do both with their pro-life appeal. The net result will be a modest gain for Republican candidates in November.Mr Trump can now stop worrying.