Lewis Hamilton has hinted that he will still participate in the Canada Grand Prix despite complaints over his back hurting in Azerbaijan with a cryptic tweet that stated he would see his fans 'next week'. The Brit finished fourth in Baku despite starting in seventh place on the grid as he overtook Pierre Gasly and Ferrari duo Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz bowed out due to engine failure. It was an incredible feat from the Stevenage-born star, who won the Formula One Driver of the Day award thanks to his rapid climb amongst a packed grid which saw him battle the likes of Gasly, Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo. But fears grew halfway into the race when the seven-time World Champion was overheard on his team radio complaining that his back was hurting as a result of Mercedes' ever-porpoising vehicle bouncing up and down throughout the race. Yet with doubts over his participation in Montreal rife, the star seemed to confirm that he will compete in the season's ninth race with a message to his fans. "Even when it’s painful, still we rise," Hamilton said on Twitter. "Thanks for the love, see you all next week." Hamilton told reporters that he was praying for the end of the race given that his back was in agony after a prolonged time at the wheel. "That's the only thing, biting down on my teeth through pain and just adrenaline," he said. "I can't express the pain that you experience, particularly on the straight here. At the end, you're just praying for it to end." And team-mate George Russell also claimed he experienced further pain throughout the race. "I was pretty pleased to see the race coming to a close," Russell said. "You're just smashing the ground every single corner and lap for an hour and a half, it's pretty brutal. I'll sleep well tonight. It's a circuit that's not normally that physical [too]." The result leaves Hamilton 88 points behind leader Max Verstappen, though this is his fourth consecutive top 10 finish. His teammate George Russell is just 51 points behind the Dutchman after recording his third podium of the season. There may still be hope that they can embroil themselves in a title race if they can fix the porpoising issues that remain rife. However, that could be in vain if the problem is not solved.