America’s Got Talent returned to screens on Tuesday for its fifth round of auditions, with acts taking to the stage for a chance to win the coveted cash prize of $1m (£853k). After a tear-jerking rendition of ‘Daydream,’ judge Heidi Klum used her Golden Buzzer for Lily Meola, thrusting her straight to the finals.  This week, the judges’ search for the winner of the competition continued as they encountered a heavy metal choir, singers and an impressionist. As the different acts rolled out, the judges Heidi Klum, Simon Cowell, Howie Mendel and Sofia Vergara voted for their favourites to go through in the competition. However, there was only one Golden Buzzer left as every judge except Heidi had found the person they wanted to see in the finals. This was until 27-year-old singer-songwriter Lily Meola wowed the judges and left viewers in tears, resulting in Heidi slamming on her Golden Buzzer.  READ MORE: McCartney's team hit out at BBC for Glasto farce Taking to the stage, Lily revealed she would perform an original song ‘Daydream’ which she had written during better times. She explained: “I wrote it at a time in my life when things were really beautiful, I had a major label record deal. I had a publishing deal.” However, things then took a turn for the worse when she lost her deal after her mother became sick with cancer. Lily then became her mother’s full-time carer up until her death.  After her performance, the 27-year-old was met with a standing ovation for the judges and the live audience, as well as a mountain of praise from fans watching from home. As the judges shared their feedback, Howie remarked: “You have a beautiful voice,” while Sofia added: “I think your mother was watching you tonight.” Simon Cowell stated: ”There is something special about you,” as Heidi said: “I’m speechless,” before reaching for the Golden Buzzer. “I know you’re going to knock it out the park,” she assured the singer.  DON'T MISS...Sue Barker sends public support to Boris Becker [INSIGHT] Simon Cowell covers his eyes as act balances neck on sword [INSIGHT]America’s Got Talent's Howie Mandel sparks concern as he misses show [INSIGHT] Viewers were also left in tears as they took to Twitter to express their praise for Lily and share how emotional her audition made them. @onufreyonboard wrote: “Lily Meola, you deserved that Golden Buzzer. Your mother would be very proud. An emotional @MsLindsieStarr added: “My mother does not know that I am crying for the performance that Lily Meola has done and getting the Golden Buzzer.” As MyShoemanMike remembered their own mother: “Lily deserved that golden buzzer. I miss my mom a lot, Great song.”  The first gold buzzer of season 17 was awarded to 21-year-old Avery Dixon who performed ‘Try a Little Tenderness,’ on saxophone. It moved Terry Crews, who retreated from his stop on the side of the stage to press the golden buzzer on the judge's table. He told Avery: “There’s no need to vote. Avery, you touched the heart of every human being in this building right now. “I want to tell you, you’ve been bullied all your life, but you tell every bully that you have a big brother named Terry Crews, who has your back, and all those bullies are going to have to watch you succeed.” America’s Got Talent is available in the US on NBC. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 