Season three of The Boys kicks off in spectacularly gory fashion after Frenchie (played by Tomer Capon) witnesses a horrific accidental killing committed by shrinking Super, Termite (Brett Geddes). Fans of the popular Amazon Prime Video superhero series have learned to expect plenty of violence and crude humour with every new episode, but did the jaw-dropping moment from the season premiere push the envelope too far? Prime Video subscribers have been “disgusted” and “horrified” by the opening few minutes to this season of The Boys. Just 10 minutes into episode one, the action cuts to a superhero party, where Termite enjoys a private session with his boyfriend. Their intimacy takes a surprising turn when Termite shrinks down to near-microscopic size to enter his lover’s penis and pleasure him from the inside. Unfortunately, the unconventional sex act becomes a traumatising experience when the shrunk-down Super sneezes and returns to normal size, rupturing his partner in the process. READ MORE: Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting A brutal scuffle ensues when Frenchie and Kimiko (Karen Fukuhara) stumble across the grisly aftermath. However, it was the viewers at home who were the most shocked by what has to be one of the most gruesome death sequences in The Boys’ history. On Twitter, Ashleigh Evans wrote: “The Boys is just proper quality TV, that scene with Termite horrified me and had me dying laughing.” “Just tried to describe #TheScene to my husband,” wrote @lacuchinaNZ. “Was crying with laughter watching his increasingly horrified face. I love this show.” Newcomer to the series @coffeewoman1 tweeted: “Well, okay then. #TheBoys DID both shock and amaze me. “Full disclosure, I haven't seen all of season one yet, but wanted to watch what y'all were talking about before it was ruined and... “Well, I was turned on and horrified before 15 minutes. Should be good to go. Y'all are soft!” DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul season 6: Real reason behind midseason death exposed [INSIGHT]Stranger Things creators admit ‘regret’ over major death [INTERVIEW]Ted Lasso’s Roy Kent star confirms series ending 'It's planned' [LATEST] “The craziest f*****g moment in any TV series that’s ever been on. EVER,” exclaimed @Multiverse_KgDm. “Most horrendous death I've ever seen on TV. I'm never going to be able to think about Ant-Man the same way after seeing what Termite did.” “Okay that scene was disgusting,” said @IsaacToafa. The Karen in me wants to call the police! “I don't even have to describe which scene it is, you all know what I'm talking about.” And @ProfessorJFett wrote: “I think everyone can agree that no one expected this disgusting moment in #TheBoys season three.” For those who might want a closer look at the horrifying moment in question, showrunner Eric Kripke has confirmed the production team actually built a giant member for Termite to explore. “You're not supposed to show an erect penis,” he told Entertainment Weekly. “So we had to be very careful with the design of the penis - 'cause we built it practically. That's a real 11-foot-high, 30-foot-long penis built at great expense. “But if you look at it, we had to design in all these wrinkles to make it clear that it wasn't erect. So, anyway, it's exhibit 7,023 why I love this job.” There are still five episodes left of The Boys' new season to go, so there’s a chance Termite’s gory mishap could be topped over the next few weeks. The Boys season 3 continues Fridays on Amazon Prime Video.