Soccer Aid kicks off today as England take on a Rest of the World side once again. Plenty of footballing legends are taking part for England, including Gary Neville, Jamie Carragher, Joe Cole, Teddy Sheringham, Stewart Downing, Fara Williams, Eni Aluko and Anita Asante. England will also be managed by Harry Redknapp, the former boss of Tottenham and West Ham. Redknapp is a much loved figure in the world of football but, in 2019, he made a rare foray into the world of politics. At the time, the Conservative Party was in the process of electing a new leader. Boris Johnson would eventually become Prime Minister, but Redknapp gave a damning verdict when asked about the options. Mark Austin of Sky News asked Redknapp who his preferred choice was. The football legend responded: “Oh my God. “Do you know what? I don’t know. I give up, to be honest with you.” He continued: “It’s a toss-up, isn’t it? It’s a toss-up. “You know what I don’t understand about politics, Mark? “Labour says one thing, Conservatives… they never agree on anything. “Surely there must be something! “One day, someone says ‘this is good for the country’ and both parties will agree on it. “But they never do so in the end I start to lose a bit of faith in politicians.” Mr Johnson's predecessor, Theresa May, was defended by Redknapp as she failed to get her Brexit deal through Parliament. READ MORE: Redknapp jokes he may 'knock out' Richards, Keane takes in City title Redknapp said he didn't "actually understand how she does that job" given the scrutiny she came under. He told the BBC: "How can you do that job that she has to do every day, getting up, getting slaughtered? "You know, having all that aggravation of the country all on your back." Redknapp also said May must be an amazing woman" to cope in Downing Street, adding: "I couldn't think of a worse job to have. I mean, it's just amazing how she carries on with it." Redknapp then took a swipe at Remainers, adding that "we had a vote and people voted for Brexit". He continued: "So you know that was it as far as I am concerned, that's how the country voted, so we have to get on with it now. DON'T MISSHarry Redknapp erupts over calls to axe Three Lions anthem Roy Keane rants after Man Utd draw to Chelsea as Redknapp amusedKlopp can avoid 'killer' Man City traps by adhering Redknapp advice "I don't know what the consequences will be, I'm not clever enough to hold the answers, but that's the way it will be now." Redknapp may have retired from management, but he is still offering current England boss Gareth Southgate advice. He thinks Jack Grealish should have a more central role in the England setup. Speaking to talkSPORT, he said: “I’ve said all along I don’t think Gareth is a great fan of Grealish, I really don’t. “He got into the team in the first place before the Euros when public opinion was really so strong for Grealish that he had to - he was coming off the bench and doing fantastic stuff. “I just think - we’ve all got opinions on players when you’re a manager, some we like, some the crowds favour but you don’t play them because they aren’t what you want or you don’t see them as part of your team or how you want to play. I just feel like he’s one of them. “It’s a game of opinions, he’s the manager, he chooses his own players and how he wants to play but I don’t think he sees Grealish - I don’t think he’s particularly enamoured with Grealish - it’s just my opinion.” Redknapp continued: “Oh yeah I’d play him. He’d be right there. I love him, he’d be one of the first names on my team-sheet for sure.”