Members of Boris Johnson's party have laughed off attempts to paint the picture of a mass rebellion against the leadership, vowing to stay put. Speculation in Westminster has hit fever pitch over the past 48 hours, with claims as many as six Conservative MPs are close to crossing the floor to join the Labour Party. It has been claimed some of those who won their seats in the 2019 election are ready to make the move over fears they could lose their seats at the ballot box next time around. Last Thursday the Tories lost the Red Wall seat of Wakefield to the Labour Party. Sir Keir seized back the West Yorkshire constituency with a majority of 4,925 after having lost the former Labour heartland to Mr Johnson in 2019. Shrugging off the briefings of Tories preparing to desert the party, Conservative Bassetlaw MP Brendan Clarke-Smith shared a picture of him posing with fellow 2019-er Lee Anderson. READ MORE: Peter Bone clashes with Labour Baroness over defection plans Making reference to the ongoing Durham police investigation into claims Sir Keir Starmer broke lockdown rules in April 2021 when he had a beer and curry with others when socialising indoors was banned, he said on Twitter: "When somebody asked us to join the party we thought it was one with curry and beer. "Apologies Labour for the misunderstanding and we won’t be defecting afraid". Another Red Wall MP also drew attention to the police investigation into the Labour leader as they dismissed the suggestion colleagues were ready to join the Opposition. Highlighting Sir Keir's pledge to resign if he is fined by the police for a rule breach, they told The Times: "If you want Boris gone, that could, in theory, happen in the next few months. "Why wouldn’t you wait and see first before jumping to Labour, who could have their own new leader depending on what Durham police do." Joking about the prospect of an ally of Jeremy Corbyn replacing Sir Keir, they added: "You could jump ship, Rishi or whoever becomes leader, and then find you’re sitting behind Diane Abbott on the Labour benches." DON'T MISS:Cooper hints at Lib Dem Labour tactical ploy to oust Tories [WATCH]Labour MP donates £2,000 to strike fund defying Starmer’s warning [INSIGHT]'He's a joke!' Starmer red-faced as he's branded a lemon in Wakefield [REACTION] Bishop Auckland MP Dehena Davison went public last night to reject suggestions she was one of those in conversations with Labour. "For the avoidance of doubt – again – I’m not bloody defecting," she said on Twitter after having previously been the subject of speculation she was preparing to quit the TOry pParty. She added: "To those anonymous colleagues spreading such rumours, my door is always open for a chat." In January, Bury South MP Christian Wakeford became the first Conservative to switch to Labour since 2007. Despite the public denials, one Conservative MP told Express.co.uk they would not be surprised if more of their colleagues were considering joining him. They said as well as the party's electoral failures, Labour's position on tax appeared more conservative than the position of No10. The MP told this website: "It recently occurred to me that we were more conservative when we were in bed with the Liberal Democrats as part of a coalition than we are now with a massive majority. "It's just mind-boggling."