The 260-year-old carriage was seen today leading the Platinum Jubilee pageant down the Mall earlier today. It is approximately 23 feet in length, 12 feet tall and weighs over four tons. As seen today, it is only ever drawn by eight horses at a walking pace. It was led by the Mounted Band of the Household Cavalry. The gold carriage is the same coach used to transport a young Queen Elizabeth II to Westminster Abbey on her coronation day, June 2 1953. While the 96-ear-old monarch was not travelling in the carriage today, archival footage of the young monarch waving from the carriage on her coronation day was instead projected onto its windows. The carriage, which is the third-oldest surviving carriage in the UK, was completed in 1762 after being worked on for two years. It has undergone four restorations over the course of its lifetime, with as many as seven layers of guiding and retouching.  The ornate coach was designed by King George III's architectural adviser, Sir William Chambers, and was built by coachmaker Samuel Butler. Speaking about the Gold State Coach, Pageant Master Adrian Evans said: "Everywhere you look, in the golden sculptures and painted panels, in the uniforms of the postillions, grooms, footmen, attendants and mounted guards, there is rich tradition and history. "It will be a unique spectacle that we are privileged to be opening the Pageant with it will set the tone for the very many spectacular sights to come." The palace said the Pageant will involve "artists and communities from around the country and Commonwealth including military personnel, performers, key workers and volunteers from across the UK, who will come together to tell the story of The Queen’s 70-year reign and our transforming society." DON'T MISS: Kate's reaction to Meghan Markle exposed as Duchesses reunited [ANALYSIS] Meghan Markle warned against 'appalling tactics' at Jubilee [REVEAL] Sussexes will lockdown in royal fortress during Jubilee return [INSIGHT] Announcing the gold carriage's appearance, it added: "The Gold State Coach will appear as part of the Platinum Jubilee Pageant on Sunday 5 June, 2022. "It has been a splendid and beloved sight at royal coronations, jubilees, and events since it was built in 1762. "To mark the beginning of the Platinum Jubilee Pageant, the bells of Westminster Abbey will peel as they did on Coronation Day. "As they do so, the Mounted Band of the Household Cavalry will lead The Gold State Coach, drawn – as it always has been – by eight Windsor Grey horses.  "The Gold State Coach transported The Queen to her Coronation 69 years ago, and has not been seen in on the streets of London for over twenty years." When not in use, the coach is on public display at the Royal Mews. It will return to display shortly after the Pageant.