The menopause brings with it natural hormonal changes in a women's body that cause a whole host of symptoms such as hot flushes, night sweats, mood swings and weight gain. But it is possible to successfully fight the battle of the bulge.  Weight gain is caused by the drop in a woman's oestrogen levels and the slowing down of their metabolism. This can be the reason why the bathroom scales slowly begin to creep up and many sufferers may find most of the weight collects round their middle. Belly fat isn’t just annoying — it’s also unhealthy as increased risks of cardiovascular disease come with a thick waistline. "It’s a fact of life, but we do need to take action to combat it," dietician Stephanie Faubion, director of the North American Menopause Society said. "It can be hard, but it is possible to do it." Ms Faubion's top 10 tips for fighting belly fat include: READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Weight gain is caused by the drop in a woman's oestrogen levels and the slowing down of their metabolism. This can be the reason why the bathroom scales slowly begin to creep up and many sufferers may find most of the weight collects round their middle. Belly fat isn’t just annoying — it’s also unhealthy as increased risks of cardiovascular disease come with a thick waistline. "It’s a fact of life, but we do need to take action to combat it," dietician Stephanie Faubion, director of the North American Menopause Society said. "It can be hard, but it is possible to do it." Ms Faubion's top 10 tips for fighting belly fat include:  Counter mid-life weight gain by increasing the amount of moderate and vigorous exercise a person does. This can help to burn off menopausal weight gain. "Your routine should include aerobic exercises like swimming, walking, bicycling, and running, as well as resistance or strength training," said dietician Pamela Peeke, author of Body for Life for Women. "What you want to employ now is high intensity interval training (HIIT). "Basically that means that moderate levels of exercise are interspersed with high intensity intervals throughout the week." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] A study published in January 2018 in the journal Obesity found that prolonged sitting is connected to higher levels of abdominal fat, as well as fat that’s accumulated around organs such as the liver, which increases risk for diabetes and heart disease. If a person makes sure they are keeping themselves up and about during the day by taking regular walking breaks, not only are they upping their step count but avoiding other health problems and burning more calories. Over the years, extensive research has been conducted into different food groups and how they can affect menopausal women. They found that not all nutrients are created equal, and some professionals believe that a steady diet heavy in unrefined carbs like pasta and bread is a significant factor for excess belly fat. Dr Kathryn A. Boling, a family medicine physician at Mercy Medical Center in Baltimore said: "Carbs are the enemy of the middle-aged woman. "If you are peri-menopausal, look at how much sugar you are eating. Carbs turn into sugar in our bodies. "Some turn faster, like candy bars, oatmeal burns slower, but eventually it all turns to sugar. "If you are aware of how many carbs you are eating, you are going to do better.” Research published in April 2017 in the British Journal of Nutrition found that a reduced-carbohydrate diet may decrease the risk of postmenopausal weight gain. When following a mid-life diet, alongside the food timing is also key. Dr Peeke made clear: "Don’t eat too much too late as eating later in the evening is murder for trying to keep weight off." She added: "What a menopausal woman does from 3pm on every day can determine how big her belly is. That’s when most women tend to overeat and over-snack.” To help curb the snacking cravings, she advised to start paying attention to your circadian rhythm. "Eat during a window of eight to 12 hours a day, and then don’t eat for the rest of the time. Experts find this imperative to take care of weight at any age, but especially during menopause,” she said. "End your eating at a reasonable time."