Back in 1992 Guns N’ Roses and Metallica headed off on a joint stadium tour, supported by Faith No More. Now guitarist Kirk Hammett has admitted that originally they wanted Nirvana to be the opening act, but Kurt Cobain refused. The rock legend said the real reason was because of Guns N’ Roses. In a new interview, Kirk was asked which band had turned down the offer to support the stadium shows. The 59-year-old said: “I had to make the phone call to Kurt [Cobain] to talk to him about the possibility of joining our tour and he just went on and on about how he just didn’t like what Guns N’ Roses stood for. And I said to him, ‘Just go out there and represent Nirvana – just play the show and then that’s it.’” Speaking with NME’s Doesn’t Rock ’N’ Roll Kill Braincells?!, Kirk shared he didn’t give up so easily, but Cobain wouldn’t relent. He added: “I pleaded with him, but he just wasn’t having it. So there you have it. It would have been great if Nirvana was part of that tour – but you know [the actual opening act] Faith No More were great as well.” The Nirvana frontman had said in a 1991 interview: “We're not your typical Guns N’ Roses type of band that has absolutely nothing to say. And a year later told a Singaporean publication: “Rebellion is standing up to people like Guns N’ Roses.” According to Blabbermouth, Nirvana’s Dave Grohl recalled: “Guns N’ Roses was about to do this massive stadium tour with Metallica, and they wanted us to open. So Axl had been calling Kurt nonstop. One day we're walking through an airport and Kurt says, ‘F***. Axl Rose won't stop calling me.’” As for what Cobain’s problem was, from other interviews it was clear it was Axl himself, who had a “macho rock persona” he hated, according to Nirvana co-manager Danny Goldberg. DON'T MISSBon Jovi founding member Alec John Such dead: Why 'wild' bassist quit [BON JOVI]Johnny Depp performs John Lennon song in surprise appearance – WATCH [JOHN LENNON]Brian May celebrates his dad who eventually accepted his Queen career [BRIAN MAY] Speaking with The Advocate a year later, Cobain called the Guns N’ Roses singer “a f***ing sexist and a racist and a homophobe, and you can't be on his side and be on our side. I'm sorry that I have to divide this up like this, but it's something you can't ignore…and besides, they can't write good music." Even though there was lots of money on the table and he loved Metallica, the Nirvana star just wouldn’t budge on that tour. SOURCE SOURCE