TV doctor Michael Mosley has recommended people begin removing three food groups from their diets in order to help achieve fast weight loss results. The diet expert, famed for his Fast 800 method, previously advised “cutting right down” on three specific food groups. And he stressed that people should be doing this straight away if they're keen to slim down for summer. He said: "Cut right down on sugar, sugary treats, drinks and desserts. "That includes most breakfast cereals, which are usually full of sugar, as well as most commercial smoothies." Another food on the banished list is "starchy carbs". READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "Minimise or avoid starchy carbs – meaning the white stuff: bread, pasta, potatoes and white rice," he explained. "Switch instead to whole grains including bulgur (cracked wheat), whole rye, wholegrain barley, wild rice and buckwheat. Brown rice is OK." Dr Mosley added: "Legumes such as lentils, kidney beans and chickpeas are healthy and filling, too." He recommended removing processed meats as well. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "Ultra processed foods include chicken nuggets, burgers, chips, pizzas, hotdogs, pre-packaged meals, mass-produced ice cream, sweets, crisps, energy bars, bakery goods, biscuits, margarine and pretty well anything that says 'instant'," he said, adding that processed foods and takeaways "could be to blame for the UK's obesity epidemic". Instead, Dr Mosley has always been a huge advocate of the Mediterranean diet technique, which includes lots of healthy foods like whole grains, fruits, vegetables, seafood, beans, and nuts. He has hailed it "the best diet to follow" for anyone looking to lose weight quickly and yet also stay healthy. Following the success of his own 5:2 diet, he has developed it further by including a Mediterranean diet on the five non-fasting days. He said: “Today we have more hard evidence than ever that the 5:2 is one of the best ways to get slim and stay slim – as well as reduce your risk of illness. "But this time there’s also a clever twist.” The new 5:2 involves calorie-controlled dishes which have been created with no more than five main ingredients. He continued to explain why this was beneficial, adding: "Fast days are easier than ever to shop and prepare for. "It’s also handy if you’re watching your wallet as well as your waistline.” For two days he recommends consuming 500 calories, the other five days a week, you won’t calorie count. But to "get much more benefit out of intermittent fasting", Dr Mosley advised switching “to a low carbohydrate, Mediterranean-style diet both on the days when you are fasting and when you are not". "That means more olive oil and nuts, as well as plenty of eggs, full-fat yoghurt, oily fish and vegetables. "Make sure you fill up on protein and veg on your fasting days. Protein is very satiating and you can eat a lot of vegetables for very few calories,” he added. People should seek advice from their GP before changing their diets.