On BBC One’s Morning Live, consumer rights expert Matt Allwright gave tips on how drivers can benefit from fuel-saving tips and what they can do at the filling station to keep costs down. Speaking about the record petrol and diesel prices, he said: “This is unavoidable. They need to get to work, take their kids to school. “They don’t understand why the prices have gone up so quickly and stayed there. “There isn't the transparency they need to understand why they are paying so much at the pumps. “They’re going to stay there so we have to do whatever we can to find the best prices we can and maybe modify our behaviour a little bit to get the best benefits we can.” The Morning Live presenter suggested a number of apps to use to check the fuel station prices in any given area. READ MORE: London councils support huge ULEZ expansion despite impact on drivers He did acknowledge that there are quite big discrepancies in prices even in one area. In Bolton and the surrounding area, there is a difference of around 10p per litre between petrol stations, including one Esso petrol station showed prices of 195.9p per litre. The average cost of a litre of petrol is 191.24p, with diesel drivers facing prices of 199.01p, according to RAC Fuel Watch. Although the RAC states both prices “should fall”, many fear that diesel will hit £2 per litre in the near future, as well as future predictions that petrol may hit the dreaded £2 mark. DON'T MISSDrivers warned as all new EV chargers must be ‘smart' from today [IMPORTANT]Electric cars may pay car tax through 'vehicle tracking technologies' [INSIGHT]European Union agrees to ban sales of petrol and diesel cars by 2035 [SHOCKING] Matt Allwright continued, saying: “Another way you can really help yourself is to use loyalty schemes that a lot of petrol stations use. “A lot of them build them into you getting tour groceries as well, they have a supermarket built on. “So when you get your groceries, they’ll give you some money off per litre. “That’s great as long as you're not paying over the odds, it's somewhere you usually shop and you're buying the things you would buy anyway. “The other thing you can use is a cashback credit card to get money back when you're buying petrol. “The same thing with any credit card, make sure you pay it off at the end of the month because the APR (annual percentage rate) on that can be quite punitive.” Jack Cousens, head of roads policy for the AA said drivers are “being taken for fools” by retailers as costs continue to rise. Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Chancellor Rishi Sunak have spoken openly about the possibility of cutting fuel duty further. But, Mr Cousens said drivers need to hear less talk and see more action. He added: “An additional 10p cut in duty, which the AA called for weeks ago, will not only help ease the pressure at the pumps but keep prices in supermarket aisles down too. “Until this happens, household budgets across the country will continue being squeezed.” Petrol prices are almost 20p more expensive than they were at the end of May this year. Similarly, diesel prices have risen more than 15p in the space of a month, with drivers bearing the brunt of the harsh increases.