BBC podcast presenter, campaigner and blogger Dame Deborah James, also known as Bowel Babe, has died after her five-year battle with bowel cancer. The news of her death was announced on Tuesday evening after a statement was posted to her Instagram. As the tributes poured in from friends and family, Good Morning Britain presenters Susanna Reid, Adil Ray and guest doctor Hilary Jones were among the thousands to give their love and support as well as speak highly of Deborah. Discussing her cancer battle, Susanna began: "You worked very closely with Deborah, didn't you, Dr Hilary and you must feel this loss?" Dr Hilary commented: "She was simply an extraordinary woman, she had a zest for life which was just incomparable, and she crammed into her short life what most people cram into four lifetimes. "Her passion and her energy was extraordinary, and she always had a smile, and she used her sense of humour in a really engaging and positive way. "She was determined not to let this cancer destroy her. In fact, she turned it around, she was always thinking of other people before herself so family first, but also she wanted to campaign to raise awareness of the symptoms, to make it clear to people that this wasn't just a disease of older people. READ MORE: McCartney's team hit out at BBC for Glasto farce "She wanted to remove the stigma and embarrassment that held people back from talking to their doctor about things they noticed about changing bowel habits; she made it okay to talk about poo and about bottoms, about the No Butts Campaign. "She did it with the most extraordinary verve, and she never stopped, we have heard what her final words were to people saying rebellious hope and no regrets and love deeply, and this was how she lived her life. "Her legacy is to help people to overcome those stigmas which stop them coming forward and getting that early diagnosis because it is all about early diagnosis, she was universally loved, and I think the world will be a duller place without her I really do." At the beginning of the show, Susanna also paid her tributes to Deborah and expressed: "Even if you had never met her, I think everyone felt like they knew Dame Deborah James who sadly has passed away far too early at the age of 40, a five-year battle of course with bowel cancer. "An absolutely remarkable woman who fought right to the end to raise awareness of the condition, and our hearts this morning go out to her children, 14-year-old son and 12-year-old daughter and her husband Sebastian and her family and parents, of course as well. "Absolutely dreadful news, but they added a message from Deborah on their announcement of her death, 'Find a life worth enjoying, take risks, love deeply, have no regrets always, always have rebellious hope and finally check your poo it could just save your life.'" The death of Deborah was announced via a statement on her Instagram page, which read: "We are deeply saddened to announce the death of Dame Deborah James; the most amazing wife, daughter, sister, mummy. Deborah passed away peacefully today, surrounded by her family. "Deborah, who many of you will know as Bowelbabe, was an inspiration, and we are incredibly proud of her and her work and commitment to charitable campaigning, fundraising and her endless efforts to raise awareness of cancer that touched so many lives. DON'T MISS...Doctor shares heart-warming message from Deborah James [INSIGHT]Dame Deborah James has died following bowel cancer battle [LATEST]Dame Deborah James: Tributes pour in as country shares 'heartbreak' [MORE] "Deborah shared her experience with the world to raise awareness, break down barriers, challenge taboos and change the conversation around cancer. Even in her most challenging moments, her determination to raise money and awareness was inspiring. "We thank you for giving us time in private as a family, and we look forward to continuing Deborah’s legacy long into the future through the @bowelbabefund. "Thank you for playing your part in her journey, you are all incredible." During her five-year battle, Deborah underwent many operations and treatments, including experimental drugs, after she found out an aggressive tumour near her liver had wrapped itself around her bile duct. In May of 2022, Deborah moved into end-of-life hospice care which is where she launched the Bowel Babe fund for Cancer Research UK, which has raised £7 million for the charity. In recognition of her incredible efforts, she received a damehood and received a visit from Prince William, who heaped praise on the star. James was first diagnosed with stage four bowel cancer in December 2016 and was declared cancer-free in January 2020, but later found the disease had returned. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. 