State pension payments are split into a two-tiered system. People will fall into different categories depending on their date of birth and when they retired. First is the basic state pension, which is the older state pension scheme. This can be claimed by men born before April 6, 1951, and women born before April 6, 1953. Those who were born later will need to claim the new state pension instead. The new state pension was introduced back in 2016, but has specific rules on eligibility. READ MORE: State pension: Are you one of 770,000 people due £3,300 a year? To claim the new state pension, individuals must be: Although there is clear distinction in this regard between the basic and new state pension, some Britons take issue with the way this works. This is because those on the older scheme are likely to receive less than those on the new scheme. DON'T MISSPensioners warned many may face costs for NHS treatments [INSIGHT]Pensioner, 80, loses £33,000 to conman’s scam tactics - ‘let down’ [WARNING]Britons set to have mortgage debt by 65 - 'dream is over' [ANALYSIS] The full basic state pension is now £141.85 per week. While the full new state pension is currently worth £185.15 per week. Some individuals will get less than the new full state pension if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. Of course, not all individuals will be entitled to the full state pension. They must have built up a suitable number of National Insurance contributions to be eligible. Certain people on the basic state pension could get more on top of their sum if they are eligible for the Additional state pension. However, some individuals are frustrated at the difference between the basic and new state pension. Express.co.uk readers recently expressed their dismay at the matter. MacPet said: “My brother is just three years younger than I, and worked many fewer years, yet he gets a higher state pension. “He is embarrassed. I am bewildered. Neither of us understands the logic.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Laurie366 remarked: “Introducing two levels of state pension was a big mistake, and it is way past the time this needs to be rectified.” While Graham MJ added: “Our costs are the same and sometimes even higher as we get older. “The situation needs an equitable and fair solution.” A Government spokesperson previously told Express.co.uk the full yearly amount of the basic state pension is now over £2,300 higher than in 2010. It added: “We recognise that millions of households across the UK are struggling to make their incomes stretch to cover the rising cost of living, which is why, in addition to the more than £22billion announced previously, we are providing over £15billion in further support, targeted particularly at those with the greatest need. “This year we’ll support more than 12 million pensioners through our Energy Bill Support Scheme and Winter Fuel Payments. On top of this, all pensioner households will receive an additional £300 to help them cover the rising cost of energy this winter. “We also continue to work with stakeholders to increase awareness of Pension Credit – including as part of a recently launched campaign – with take-up now at its highest level since 2010. Those receiving Pension Credit will also be eligible to receive an extra £650 Cost of Living payment.”