The religious group were filmed decrying the ills of Nazism as they blessed the Russian soldiers seeking to "liberate" the Ukrainian people. The lead shaman wished "happiness and wealth" upon the Ukrainian people who he claimed were being held captive to the Nazi regime of Ukraine. A female shaman later said she hoped "America would come to its senses" as they dropped offerings into a fire pit.    The shaman leading the ceremony said: "I think today’s ritual will mark the beginning of the end of the special operation. Open your palms and draw on the life force!" The group then proceeded to walk around in a circle with their palms upturned to the sky. Many of them were dressed in green religious attire, while others were dressed casually and some were in military camouflage. The shaman continued: "Everyone should live in peace and harmony. Let’s all raise our arms to the sun and wish for all this. "May our warriors who are defending the interests of the Ukrainian people and Russia’s sovereignty, may they be happy!    "And may the people we are liberating from the yoke of Nazism have wealth and happiness." The footage then cut to the group huddling around a makeshift fire. A woman dressed in religious attire, including a tall hat, said: "May America finally come to its senses." As she spoke, she and others dropped what appeared to be offerings into the fire. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as Russian military 'not strong or powerful' [REPORT]  The supposed blessing came as President Volodymyr Zelensky said Ukraine would prevail in its war with Russia, as the two nations are now focused on an artillery slugging match over an eastern Ukrainian city. Russian forces have been trying to seize Severodonetsk in their advance in the east, turning it into one of the bloodiest battles so far in the four-month-old conflict. Neither side has secured a knock-out blow in weeks of fighting that has pulverised chunks of the city. Mr Zelenksy told the Shangri-La Dialogue conference in Singapore, via videolink: "We are definitely going to prevail in this war that Russia has started. DON'T MISS: Putin is 'laying groundwork for more invasions in Europe' [REVEAL]Three Russian military planes violate Swedish airspace [REPORT] Schoolgirl stuns teachers after calling Putin a 'DEVIL' at ceremony [REPORT]  "It is on the battlefields in Ukraine that the future rules of this world are being decided." He later issued a warning to the world that unless Russia can be stopped, a "severe food crisis" across the globe will ensue. He added: "If due to Russian blockades, we are unable to export our foodstuffs, which is so sorely missing in global markets, the world will face an acute and severe food crisis and famine - famine in many countries of Asia and Africa." After Russia was forced to scale back its more sweeping campaign goals when it launched the invasion on February 24, Moscow has turned to expanding control in the east, where pro-Russian separatists had already held a swathe of territory since 2014.   