Laurence Fox, 44, has spoken up about the difficulties he has faced in fighting against various issues linked to cancel culture. It comes after the former actor and current Reclaim Party leader has launched the Bad Law Project alongside Reclaim executive chairman and lawyer, Harry Miller. Laurence infamously responded to accusations of racism against Meghan Markle in a 2020 Question Time episode, where he was subsequently lambasted in the public eye for saying that criticism of the Duchess of Sussex “wasn’t racist”. As a consequence, Laurence was unable to find further work as an actor and decided to set up Reclaim Party that same year. The star has since been battling public social issues linked to cancel culture. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk at the launch event of the Bad Law Project, he explained the tribulations present in courts of law and in the cultural sphere. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman, 61, stuns in very tight-fitting green jumpsuit Laurence spoke about cancel culture in relation to the cancellation of political commentator and priest Calvin Robinson. He said: “I can’t stand the injustice. I don’t like it when people are cancelled. “I think the way that Calvin was treated is fundamentally racist. I do. “I really care about this stuff. I cared enough to lose my job.” It comes after Laurence and the Bad Law Project launched a petition urging the Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby and Bishop of London Sarah Mullaly to resign. The Archbishop issued a public statement declaring the Church of England to be “institutionally racist” in 2020, and the Bishop reportedly told Calvin Robinson, a black trainee vicar, that the Church was "institutionally racist". Laurence, in his petition, suggested they should both resign and make way for Black, Asian and ethnic minorities (BAME) clergy people. The Bad Law Project seeks to extend this seeking out of injustice, and helping those who feel they have been treated unfairly in courts of law and beyond. DON'T MISS...'With a heavy heart' Monty Don inundated with support over decision [UPDATE]Amanda Holden, 51, lets fans into bedroom moment [PICTURES] Penny Lancaster stuns as she bids sweet farewell to Rod Stewart [INSIGHT] It was launched after co-launcher Harry Miller was visited by police in his home in January 2020 for alleged “transphobic tweets”. In the opening launch address for the project, Laurence said: “What happened to Harry and what has happened to me and many others, is going to happen to you one day. “So the reason this Bad Law Project exists is for us to challenge, to question, to have the law clarified, to challenge it if we believe it to be wrong or others believe it to be wrong.” Fair Cop rep and member of the project Sarah Phillimore said in her address: “I thought we had a healthy democracy. “I thought we had respect for the rule of law. We (the UK) were the drafters of the European Convention. “It does go to show that the price of freedom is eternal vigilance.” Harry added that the project aims to “go after” bad law, saying that “good law” has been disrespected and aspects of government institutions, such as the police, have failed to follow it.