The Home Office has confirmed that it will send the WikiLeaks founder to the US where he is set to face a potential life sentence. It said the courts found that extradition would not be "incompatible with his human rights" and that while in the US "he will be treated appropriately". The case was passed to the home secretary last month after the supreme court ruled that there were no legal questions over the US's assurances on how he is likely to be treated. He is currently being held in Belmarsh Prison after being removed from the Ecuadorean embassy in 2019. Ms Patel had been considering whether the US extradition request would meet legal requirements including a promise not to execute him as the death penalty is still legal in some parts of America. A Home Office spokesperson said: “Under the Extradition Act 2003, the secretary of state must sign an extradition order if there are no grounds to prohibit the order being made.  “Extradition requests are only sent to the home secretary once a judge decides it can proceed after considering various aspects of the case. “On 17 June, following consideration by both the magistrates court and high court, the extradition of Mr Julian Assange to the US was ordered. Mr Assange retains the normal 14-day right to appeal. “In this case, the UK courts have not found that it would be oppressive, unjust or an abuse of process to extradite Mr Assange. “Nor have they found that extradition would be incompatible with his human rights, including his right to a fair trial and to freedom of expression, and that whilst in the US he will be treated appropriately, including in relation to his health.” READ MORE: 'Hugely frustrating' Patel cornered as she 'can’t test' Rwanda policy  The Wikileaks founder now has 14 days to launch an appeal against the decision. The US has been seeking to put Mr Assange on trial since his website published a series of leaks, in 2010, from an army intelligence officer highlighting apparent wrongdoing by American forces in Iraq and Afghanistan. Mr Assange spent seven years in the Ecuador embassy in London after reportedly breaching bail on an extradition order to face sexual offence charges in Sweden, which were dropped in 2019. He was arrested upon leaving the embassy and has since been holed up in the high-security Belmarsh prison. DON'T MISS: Boris confronted by huge number of Tory MPs as they make three demands [INSIGHT]Emily Thornberry sparks GMB 'switch off' as fans fume over interview [ANALYSIS]‘Not being seen to get ANYTHING done’ Boris warned to act over living [COMMENT]  Mr Assange has been a wanted man by the US since he posted leaked documents from the authorities in 2010 and 2011. His legal team claimed that the classified documents, which were related to the Iraq and Afghanistan wars, exposed wrongdoing by the Government which is in the public interest. Responding to the order, Wikileaks said it was a "dark day for press freedom and British democracy" but the decision is "not the end of the fight" as they plan to appeal the decision.