Tottenham's managing director of football Fabio Paratici reportedly held discussions with the representatives of Weston McKennie back in January over the possibility of signing the player this summer. Spurs were exploring the possibility of landing the USMNT midfielder, who at the time, was being marketed by Juventus. Paratici's connections with his former club remain strong - something that was on show in the winter window when Tottenham signed Bianconeri duo Dejan Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur. But it seems the impressive pair may not be the only Juventus players that could arrive at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium as part of Antonio Conte's regime. According to Football.London, Paratici discussed the possibility of signing McKennie with his agents ahead of the summer transfer window and he remains a player of interest to Spurs. Intriguingly, McKennie found himself linked with Burnley and an early exit from Turin last summer. READ MORE: Tottenham already discussing third signing after completing Ivan Perisic formalities However, he ended up staying put before enduring a season of disappointment in Italy. He fractured the second and third metatarsals in his left foot during the Champions League knockout clash with Villarreal back in February before returning off the bench on the final day of the season. Now McKennie is one of the players facing an uncertain future with Juventus, who are continuing to mould a new-look squad under Massimiliano Allegri. The 23-year-old American is someone who is likely to remain of interest to Spurs given his age and star potential but as of now, nothing is seemingly imminent. READ MORETottenham already discussing third signing after completing Ivan Perisic formalitiesTottenham set price to seal Alessandro Bastoni transfer with Inter Milan 'willing to sell'Tottenham star Harry Kane 'open to new contract' if Antonio Conte condition met Tottenham have been quick out of the blocks to kickstart their summer transfer business with a bang. Spurs have already moved to wrap up the signings of Fraser Forster and Ivan Perisic, who was unveiled by the club on Tuesday. An announcement regarding Forster is unlikely to arrive in June because he remains under contract with another fellow Premier League club in Southampton. Perisic snubbed a new Inter Milan contract to pursue his dream move to the Premier League at the age of 33. The Croatian international signed a two-year deal in north London, where he will be playing Champions League football next season. He is expected to play at left wing-back although the seasoned veteran can also play anywhere across the frontline, as he explained to Tottenham fans in his first interview with the club. "I’m going to bring, first of all, a lot of hard work. I like to work a lot, I like to work for the team because only like this you can win something important," said Perisic. "I can play several positions in the system Tottenham is playing now. I will bring a lot of experience as well, I’ve played for a lot of great clubs and, like I said, I can’t wait to start to play, to train and give my best."