Corey Ross Carr from Melksham in Wiltshire was ordered to pay more than £1,200 after he pleaded guilty to four environmental offences and one Trading Standards offence. This was all while Mr Carr operated a waste clearance service on Facebook selling sites across Wiltshire.  A passing MoD helicopter caught him depositing and burning waste, including a mattress, on land on Woodrow Road in Melksham, which is owned by the Wilts & Berks Canal Trust. Video footage taken on November 17, 2021 was played out during the hearing at Swindon Magistrates' Court. The court also heard how a large quantity of household waste was found to have been fly-tipped on land off the A4 between Devizes and Beckhampton. Environmental Enforcement Officers traced the waste back to to a house in Melksham. Officials were able to prove Mr Carr had been paid to clear the waste but had failed to lawfully dispose of it. Mr Carr was given a 12-month Community Order and fined a total of £1,295, including costs. He was also ordered to attend 12 mental health sessions and 10 rehabilitation sessions. On December 4, 2020 he failed in his duty of care for waste found to have been fly-tipped on land at Bishops Cannings, Devizes (off the A4 between Devizes and Beckhampton.  READ MORE: Brazen litterer caught dumping rubbish from her Fiat onto city street On November 17, 2021 he deposited controlled waste on land off Woodrow Road, Melksham. On the same day he was found to have disposed of waste in a way likely to cause pollution to the environment or harm to human health by burning a mattress and other waste. He was also found guilty of operating an unregulated waste facility on land off Woodrow Road, Melksham and Between November 19, 2021 and January 14, 2022, he falsely advertising in Dentons directory and on social media that his business CC Waste Removal & Clearance was "fully audited by the Environment Agency".  DON'T MISS Brazen litterer hits back after being caught dumping rubbish from car [OPINION]Couple and son, 11, issued £900 fine for leaving card by bin [INSIGHT]Horror as cleaners find 10ft SNAKE dumped in rubbish by fly-tippers [PICTURES] Mr Carr's co-defendant, Neill Ludlow from Melksham, also pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing to knowingly permitting the deposited waste on land adjacent to his property. He had denied allowing Mr Carr to deposit waste and denied any knowledge about Mr Carr burning a mattress. Mr Ludlow was given an 18-month conditional discharge and awarded costs of £1,200, plus surcharge of £22 to be paid within 28 days  Cllr Dr Mark McClelland, Cabinet Member for Waste, said: “Fly-tipping is recognised as a national issue, and in Wiltshire we take it very seriously. “As stated in our business plan, we will pursue fly-tipping prosecutions in our beautiful county. “We have a very clear message: we will not tolerate fly-tipping and will continue to prosecute anyone who believes that they can flout the rules and blight our communities and environment. “We would like to thank the MOD helicopter pilots, the Environment Agency, Wiltshire Police and all the witnesses who assisted in this prosecution. “We will now make urgent representations to the Environment Agency to request they revoke Mr Carr waste carriers' licence.”