Rafael Nadal will attempt to achieve what Novak Djokovic couldn’t last year after confirming his intentions to play at Wimbledon and the US Open. The Spaniard has started the season  by winning the first two Majors for the first time in his career, putting him on course to bid for the Calendar Grand Slam. Nadal confirmed in a press conference on Friday that he would be travelling to London on Monday with the intention of playing Wimbledon following two rounds of radiofrequency treatment for his chronic foot injury. After winning a record 22nd French Open title earlier this month, the 36-year-old admitted he would only appear at the All England Club if the treatment was successful. The world No 4 has since confirmed he is “happy” with the difference he has felt since the treatment, speaking at the Mallorca Country Club. “The treatment and the last week of training tells me there is a chance. I will travel to London on Monday, play an exhibition at Hurlingham and do a week of training to see if it's possible,” he said. And Nadal also said he would rest before planning to play the Masters 1000 in Canada and the US Open, meaning he is set to compete at all four Majors this year. He has already won the first two of the season - a career-first - and will bid to become the first man in 53 years to win all four Grand Slams in the same year, a feat Djokovic failed to achieve less than 12 months ago. JUST IN: Federer and Nadal Laver Cup opponents confirmed as top-20 trio picked   The Serb won the Australian Open, French Open and Wimbledon last year - the first man to do so since Rod Laver was the last man to complete the Calendar Slam in 1969. He then made it all the way to the US Open final but fell one match short of the impressive feat as he suffered a straight-sets loss to Daniil Medvedev. Djokovic had also been bidding to win what would have been a record 21st Grand Slam title in Flushing Meadows last year but it was Nadal who became the first man in history to hoist a 21st Major singles trophy in Melbourne earlier this year, before he went on to extend his record to 22 at the French Open earlier this month. DON'T MISSFederer told to forget about Connors record or winning Wimbledon againEmma Raducanu and Rafael Nadal inspire Ryan Peniston in 'best week'Emma Raducanu faces Wimbledon nightmare amid Eastbourne decision   The Spaniard will now attempt to pull further ahead of both Djokovic and Roger Federer when he returns to Wimbledon for the first time in three years, hoping to win his third title at SW19 and first since 2010. In doing so, he would also set himself up to contend for the calendar Slam in New York, where he has won the title two of the last three years he has played there.  Nadal has already proven he can win Major titles at his less-successful tournaments after a long period of time. His record 21st Grand Slam win in Melbourne earlier this year was just his second-ever Australian Open title, 13 years on from the first. 