The latest NCIS spin-off is officially back in production now the cast and crew have amassed on the show’s Pearl Harbor location to start filming. On her personal Instagram account, NCIS Hawaii lead Vanessa Lachey confirmed the CBS series received another Hawaiian blessing this week before filming commenced. Vanessa and the cast and crew gathered for a traditional Hawaiian ceremony to commemorate the production of NCIS: Hawaii season two. The blessing took place on Monday to officially kick off filming for the new season, which will premiere on Monday, September 19. Ahead of the new season, the Jane Tennant star has been keeping fans up to date with the latest action behind the scenes. In her new Instagram story, Vanessa posed with the Kahu who blessed the cast and crew at the start of season two’s production. READ MORE: Jon Kay skewers Eustice over energy usage plans Dressed in traditional Hawaiian lei, the Kahu gave each member of the cast a three-stranded tea plant, representing the past, present and future. The blessing ended with the cast exclaiming “chee hoo!”, a Hawaiian celebratory phrase which originates from Samoan culture. More posts revealed Vanessa with her cast members Noah Mills, Yasmine al-Bustami, Tori Anderson, Jason Antoon and Alex Tarrant. In another snap of the cast, she captioned her Story: “My team, my friends, my family.” Unfortunately, the cast were unable to provide much detail about what the new season has in store for the NCIS team. However, Vanessa did tease more “T’N’T” action, following on from the events at the end of NCIS Hawaii’s first season. “We get the honour to film here on the island, but we want to make sure we give back to the island what it gives us,” she told press, via Hawaii News Now. In addition to filming on the island, Vanessa and her husband Nick Lachey moved to Hawaii last year to be closer to the series. DON'T MISS:Righteous Gemstones season 3: Gloria star on Baby Billy reunion [EXCLUSIVE]Eamonn Holmes savages Brit Wimbledon hopeful [VIDEO]Stranger Things season 5 theory: Mike trapped in Upside Down [THEORY] She revealed Hawaii has been the place “she has been searching for her whole life.” “I’ve never felt more at home than I have here,” Vanessa added. The actress has also opened up about the responsibility which comes from being the NCIS franchise’s first female Team Leader to head her own series. “To give young girls and young women that hope to keep pursuing your dreams, keep moving forward, keep fighting for what you want and believe in, I think is extremely important,” she said. Plot details are being kept under wraps for now, but viewers should expect more teases to arise as filming continues. In the meantime, the flagship NCIS series has yet to begin production on its milestone 20th season, though filming is expected to start soon. Plus, the latest update from NCIS: Los Angeles producer Rick Tunell has confirmed the spin-off’s set is getting ready to welcome back the cast for season 14. NCIS: Hawaii season 2 premieres Monday, September 19 on CBS. A UK release date is yet to be announced.