Sir John Sawers, the former chief of the UK's Secret Intelligence Service, also known as MI6, said Russian President Vladimir Putin must be aware a nuclear attack "would have a devastating effect on his country". The Danube River runs through Germany, Austria, Slovakia, Hungary, Serbia, Croatia, Moldova, Bulgaria and Romania, along with Ukraine. Mr Zelensky continued: "The pollutants can contaminate not only the rivers of Ukraine but also the Black and Azov Seas. "The threats to the entire humanity is just impossible to be organised in a comprehensive way without being cognisant of what is taking place on water." Sir John, who headed the MI6 between 2009 and 2014, dubbed the invasion of Ukraine "the most dangerous crisis since the Cold War". While acknowledging the threats of Russia's "military power", which include "a huge nuclear arsenal", the former intelligence head said the chances of Putin triggering a nuclear escalation had decreased considerably since the conflict began. In an interview with Spanish outlet La Vanguardia, he said: "In the first weeks, there were reasons to be really worried about the possibility of a nuclear escalation. "I think the danger has lessened now that the possibility of a Russian military collapse and a cornered Putin, which we saw before, has faded." Speaking of the potential trajectory of the conflict or when it will end, he said: "If negotiations were started today, they would not prosper since neither of the two parties sees the need to make concessions. "I think a resounding victory for Russia or Ukraine is impossible. "The war will continue as long as the two continue to think that they have the possibility of advancing in the military field." DON'T MISS‘Roots in Nazism’ – 19th-century approach’ is Russia's ultimate failure [INSIGHT]Putin religion: Does Russia’s President believe in God? [ANALYSIS]Russia’s ‘five hands’ that could spark nuclear armageddon [EXPLAINER] His predictions are in line with those of top NATO and US officials who say the war is likely to end at the negotiating table but stress the need for Kyiv to be able to defend itself to strengthen its position at peace talks. At a joint news conference in Washington on Wednesday, US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said how the fighting evolves will impact any future negotiations. Mr Stoltenberg told reporters: "Wars are unpredictable. "We were able to predict the invasion, but how this war will evolve, it's very hard to predict. "What we do know is that almost all wars end at some stage at the negotiating table." Mr Blinken said: "We can't say when, we can't say exactly how. "What we can say is what we will do to make sure that Ukraine has the means to defend itself and has the strongest possible hand at every step along the way." The full-scale Russian invasion, which is hitting the 100-day mark on Friday, was launched by Vladimir Putin on February 24. It has led to the deaths of thousands of people, devastated cities and towns and triggered a massive exodus of more than six million Ukrainians.