Rory McIlroy has continued to fire shots at LIV Golf with his view of the controversial and divisive Saudi-backed series ahead of its debut in London this weekend. The Northern Irishman is a proud advocate of the PGA Tour and has spoken out against fellow golfers’ decision to join the rival tour for 'boatloads of cash'. LIV Golf will stage their first three-day, 54-hole event at The Centurion Club near St Albans from Thursday amid a buildup littered with controversy and infighting that is threatening to tear the sport apart. It was confirmed on Wednesday that Bryson DeChambeau, Patrick Reed and Rickie Fowler are the latest stars set to joining the lucrative tour, whose first event has a purse worth £20million while the series’ total purse is around £200m. The field for the inaugural event will see the likes of six-time major champion Phil Mickelson and former World No. 1 Dustin Johnson take on Sergio Garcia, Ian Poulter, Lee Westwood, Graeme McDowell, Louis Oosthuizen, Charr Schwartzel, Branden Grace and Kevin Na. Johnson, who won the 2016 US Open and the 2020 Masters, officially resigned his PGA Tour membership in order to play in the LIV Golf series, which means the American will be ineligible for the Ryder Cup. Players that resigned their membership could be barred from competing at majors, while the United States Golf Association (USGA) recently announced that players competing in the LIV Golf Series would still be able to take part at next week’s US Open at The Country Club in Brookline, Massachusetts. McIlroy has been a vocal critic of LIV Golf and has no plans to join, while he warned those taking part are simply motivated by ‘boatloads of cash’ rather than the will to win. READ MORE: Justin Thomas' reason to join Tiger Woods in snubbing Saudi LIV league “Where’s the incentive to go and play well? I felt flat,” McIlroy said. “We all know why everyone’s playing in London this week, it’s boatloads of cash and it’s money up front and I get it. For some guys I totally get it. “I think they’re thinking very short-term. Some of these guys are younger than me and have their whole careers ahead of them. That’s the thing I don’t get. “Everyone has to do what’s right for themselves and who are we to say otherwise. I’m happy with what I’m doing and playing in a golf tournament and not just following all the drama on Twitter.” DON'T MISSLIV golf explained: Saudi-funded tournament which Tiger Woods rejec...Mickelson dodges PGA Tour ban question and makes US Open stanceTiger Woods releases US Open injury statement and confirms next moves McIlroy, who is preparing to defend his RBC Canadian Open title at St George’s in Toronto, remained clear in his stance against LIV Golf and while he refused to criticise colleagues for joining, he warned them against playing ‘purely for money’. The four-time major champion also reiterated that he wants to remain on the PGA Tour before lamenting the divisive impact the series will have on the sport as a whole. “I think it's a shame that it's going to fracture the game,” McIlroy added. “The professional game is the shop window into golf. If the general public are confused about who is playing where and what tournament's on this week and who is, you know, 'Oh, he plays there, OK, and he doesn't get into these events.' “It just becomes so confusing. I think everything needs to try to become more cohesive and I think it was on a pretty good trajectory until this happened.”