Red Bull boss Helmut Marko warns reliability could still play a factor in Max Verstappen’s title bid despite “dominating” the early part of the season. Marko insists the main focus is to “finish” races with the two main championship contenders having suffered four mechanical failures this season. He warned that “reliability is always a concern” and stressed why Ferrari had suffered issues. He told Motorsport.com: “The main thing is you have to finish and avoid those reliability things. “We also had a sprint race, which helped us a lot to get more points. We have an unbelievable run now, normally in the first half of the season we were always catching up and now are dominating.” He added: “Reliability is always a concern if you have a car that is so much on the limit. You see that at Ferrari. The only ones who don’t have a technical DNF yet is Mercedes, but they had to lift during some races because of overheating problems.” Verstappen was forced to stop in two of the first three races with retirements at the Bahrain and Australian Grands Prix. READ MORE: Helmut Marko takes swipe at Toto Wolff and Lewis Hamilton After securing two wins as Verstappen struggled, Leclerc had opened up an almost 50-point lead in the drivers’ standings. However, this has since switched over with Verstappen now enjoying a 49-point advantage over the Ferrari man due to similar issues. The Monegasque broke down at the Spanish and Azerbaijan Grands Prix, races Verstappen went on to win. Leclerc looked like he had the pace to win in Spain while he was on alternate strategy in Azerbaijan and could have challenged. At worst he would have finished third meaning he has lost around 40 points through reliability issues. DON'T MISSHelmut Marko slams Mercedes over FIA directive with ‘simple solution' [COMMENT]Gasly warned to leave Horner and Marko over Red Bull contract war [INSIGHT]Helmut Marko claims Max Verstappen ‘distracted everyone’ in Baku [ANALYSIS] Ferrari senior performance engineer Jock Clear also feels reliability issues will play a major role in this year’s championship race. He claimed there were “more dice to roll” and suggested a team could win the championship based on the reliability of the other team. He told the F1 Nation podcast: “We’ve seen, not wishing bad luck on Max or not wishing to sort of win it by virtue of DNFs and that sort of thing, “but reliability will play a part in this championship later on in the year as well, for everyone. So you know, there’s more dice to roll.”