In March, Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge embarked on an eight-day trip to the Caribbean, stopping off in Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas. While the tour was initially dubbed a royal 'charm offensive' to encourage nations to keep the Queen as head of state, Kate and William encountered protests centred on the monarchy's association with slavery and demands for reparations. The tour was also deemed by many to be outdated and faced accusations of harking back to colonial times. The Cambridges' tour was one of many that working royals embarked upon to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee year. The Duke and Duchess made use of the RAF Voyager, an Airbus A330, during their travels around the Caribbean. According to the latest royal financial statement, Kate and William's use of a charter flight amassed a staggering cost to the taxpayer - more than any other royal trip in the same financial year. READ MORE: Kate and William's Caribbean tour cost taxpayer £226,000 According to the Royal Household's breakdown of travel costs, Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge's Platinum Jubilee tour travel cost £226,383. Kate and William's royal tour was the most expensive royal tour of the 2021 to 2022 financial year, although some Platinum Jubilee visits, like Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex's trip to Antigua & Barbuda, St Vincent and the Grenadines and St Lucia in April, was not included in this year's accounts. The cost of Kate and William's travel expenses was covered by the Sovereign Grant, an annual payment made to the Queen to support her and working royals with their duties. The total Sovereign Grant for the 2021 to 2022 tax year stood at £86.3million, an increase from the 2020 to 2021 figure of £85.9million. The Sovereign Grant comprises of a core amount, which this year is £51.8million, and it pays for the official travel and operating costs of the Queen's household. The Sovereign Grant has been inflated in recent years, however, by the addition of millions for the reservicing of Buckingham Palace. From 2021 to 2022, the Sovereign Grant allocation for the Buckingham Palace renovations stood at £34.5million. DON'T MISSKate might soon be heading to Australia for royal tour [NEWS]Queen’s sassy response to protestors for pelting her with eggs [QUOTES]'Kate would wear this!' Sophie Wessex stuns in white dress in Cyprus [PICTURES] Other expensive royal trips abroad in 2021 to 2022 included Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall's visit to Egypt and Jordan in November 2021. The latest figures show the trip cost £123,541 and that the future King and Queen took a charter flight. Staff also took scheduled flights in September and October as part of planning trips for the Prince of Wales' visit. Prince Charles also took a charter flight to Barbados while undertaking a visit to the Caribbean nation on behalf of the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office later in November. Charles' trip marked Barbados' transition to a republic and the removal of the Queen as head of state, at a cost to the Sovereign Grant of £138,457. There were approximately 179 official helicopter trips made by members of the Royal Family, according to PA, at a cost to the taxpayer of more than £900,000 in total. Prince Charles, famed for his eco-conscious speeches and interests, was reportedly instrumental in swapping the fuel used on royal flights for sustainable aviation fuel. Other methods of transport for the Royal Family included charter flights and the use of the Royal Train by the Queen while visiting Scotland last June, a trip costing in excess of £46,400.