Liverpool could revisit former transfer targets Jarrod Bowen and Jonathan David if they lose Sadio Mane this summer. Mane has refused to sign a new contract at Anfield and has been tipped to join German giants Bayern Munich. Reds boss Jurgen Klopp bolstered his forward options by signing Luis Diaz in January. But he may be forced to delve back into the transfer market in the coming months to search for a Mane replacement. According to The Athletic, West Ham’s Bowen and Lille’s David have both previously been on the Liverpool shortlist. And Klopp could now turn his attentions to thrashing out a deal for one of them. Bowen enjoyed a sensational season for the Hammers last time around and was one of the star players in the Premier League. The 25-year-old bagged 12 goals and 12 assists in the top flight as the east Londoners booked their place in next season’s Europa Conference League. READ MORE: Paraguay legend unleashes on Jack Grealish after 'talking s***' about Miguel Almiron  Two of those assists came against the Reds in November when West Ham beat Klopp’s side 3-2 at the London Stadium. So the winger has certainly shown he can cut it against the best players in the country. Bowen was rewarded for his fine campaign with a maiden England call-up last month. And he could make his Three Lions debut this Saturday when the team travel to Budapest to face Hungary in the Nations League. David, meanwhile, excelled in France with Lille last season and bagged an impressive 19 goals in 48 appearances. Three of those efforts came in the Champions League as the striker helped Lille qualify for the knockout stages of the competition. MORE NEWSLiverpool star Mohamed Salah 'wants Premier League transfer' if he fails to sign new dealTottenham chief Fabio Paratici 'already held January talks' over discreet summer dealLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting    At the age of only 22, David already has 20 international goals to his name, racking-up those strikes in just 30 appearances for Canada. And he has been tipped to become a star of European football over the coming years. David has bags of pace, which would suit the Premier League, and he is a clinical finisher. And his versatility means he could play anywhere across the Liverpool frontline if he does link-up with Klopp. If either Bowen or David did move to Anfield, they would surely provide Klopp’s side with even more attacking impetus than they already possess. They could bang in plenty of goals, while laying on chance after chance for the Reds’ other blockbuster forwards. And Klopp could even discover that he doesn’t miss Mane quite as much as people think he will.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  