He was of course one of the architects of the Belfast Agreement and a winner of the Nobel prize for peace alongside John Hume. Present were friends and family and many of his former colleagues in the Ulster Unionist Party and ..me. It was a great privilege and honour to be present to look back at Trimble’s legacy but for many there they were probably thinking what is She doing here?!  Let me explain. At the time of the Agreement, I opposed it, not because of the constitutional arrangements, but because of the release of terrorist prisoners from our prisons, the lack of justice for innocent victims and the wholescale destruction of the Royal Ulster Constabulary which had stood between the community and the terrorists for decades holding the line between democracy and anarchy. Unfortunately, we are still dealing with the legacy of not dealing with these issues in a sustainable and just way and back then aged 27 I could not support a deal which inflicted so much pain back in 1998. The constitutional arrangements however were an honourable compromise and if the other issues had not been in the Agreement, I probably would have supported it. David Trimble knows that and that is why he and his gracious wife Daphne invited me, as another former First Minister of Northern Ireland, to be a part of their important evening where he received long overdue recognition from his alma mater. The referendum on the Belfast Agreement was held in 1998 and the majority supported the deal, even though later many unionists when they watched the outworking of the deal were dismayed. As such the constitutional settlement was sealed and for this past 24 years in one way or another the three stranded approach of the Belfast Agreement has provided the basis for devolution in Northern Ireland. This is why the protocol is so injurious and has to be replaced. The protocol is contrary to the Belfast Agreement as it puts a border in the internal territory of the United Kingdom. David Trimble one of the people who constructed the Agreement knows that, even Tony Blair the Labour Prime Minister at the time of the Agreement knows that, but others who should know better and who constantly talk of democracy and international law, ignore the vandalism that is being carried out against the Belfast Agreement. They do so at the peril of Northern Ireland David Trimble, and I along with other Unionists, Ben Habib, Kate Hoey, Steve Aiken and Jim Allister have been taking a case against the Government around the damage which the protocol is doing to Northern Ireland and the Union. It comes before the Supreme Court in the autumn and we await that determination, but the Protocol self-evidently cannot survive in its current form as it is incompatible with the Belfast Agreement and there is no devolution in NI currently as a result. I welcome the legislation currently in the House of Commons and last night the Bill cleared its second stage by 295 to 221, which was a relief to those of us wanting to see a resolution to this ongoing problem. Yet again however the former Prime Minister, Theresa May who is frankly largely responsible for this mess by her misunderstanding and misinterpretation of the Belfast Agreement and woeful negotiating with the European Union treated the House of Commons to her now expected attack on her successor.  DON'T MISS:G7 leaders launch £488bn counter China initiative [REPORT]Israel fury as EU attempts to push Iran nuclear deal [REVEAL]Liz Truss draws up plan with Ukraine to END Putin's horror war [INSIGHT]   The fact is if she had respected the actual contents of the Belfast Agreement and the territorial integrity of the United Kingdom, we would not be in this mess in the first place. She has zero self-awareness, making no apology for the way in which she gave in to Irish and EU demands around the border with Northern Ireland and refused to argue for alternative arrangements which would have dealt with the issue in a practical way. Instead in her unique sanctimonious way she lectures the current PM about her interpretation of international law – if it is as good as her interpretation of the Belfast Agreement then I think the Prime Minister is on solid ground! I trust that other members of the Conservative AND Unionist party will do the honourable thing and stand up for the whole of the United Kingdom. The Government has tried to negotiate with the EU for 18 months and they have received nothing back. If the EU comes forward even now with a mandate for sensible solutions, I’m sure the Government would react positively, but instead the EU are resorting to seeking legal remedies and court cases against the UK. While the current Labour party along with their fellow travellers in the Lib Dems, and sadly some in the Conservative Party, will always take the EU side over the interests of the UK, it is incumbent on the Government to listen to people such as David Trimble, and all of us who want to see this issue resolved so that devolved government and stability can return to Northern Ireland. 