Prince Charles visited the Royal Cornwall Show on Friday, accompanied by his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, to mark his 70 years as the Duke of Cornwall. Charles is perhaps best known by his Prince of Wales title, but he has a close affinity with his Duke of Cornwall title, and he takes a key role in the running of his Duchy.  The Duke of Cornwall title is distinctly different to Charles' Prince of Wales title, and he has actually held the Duke of Cornwall title for longer. From the moment his mother ascended the throne as Queen Elizabeth II on February 6, 1952, Charles has been the Duke of Cornwall. At that point, Charles automatically received the sister title of Duke of Rothesay, which he uses while in Scotland.  READ MORE: Royal mystery over Kate Middleton's plastered thumb He also became the Earl of Carrick, Baron of Renfrew, Lord of the Isles and Prince and Great Steward of Scotland as heir apparent to the throne. Charles was not given the Prince of Wales title until 1958, and he was not formally invested in the role until 1969. Unlike the Duke of Cornwall title, the Prince of Wales title is not automatic and can only be granted at the will of the Sovereign. Charles' late ex-wife was known as Her Royal Highness The Princess of Wales during their marriage, and later Diana, Princess of Wales.   In 1337, King Edward III of England created the Duchy of Cornwall for his son and heir, Prince Edward, also known as the Black Prince, which set up an income and role for future heirs to the throne. Even today, the eldest surviving son of the monarch and heir to the throne is entitled to the Duke of Cornwall title and the Duchy that comes with it. Charles took over the management of the Duchy of Cornwall in 1969 when he turned 21, and it is a key part of his royal work.  DON'T MISS:Charles told to 'shut up fast' as he risks 'destroying monarchy' [ANALYSIS]Sophie Wessex and Prince Edward facing the axe from working roster [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry touted for Strictly appearance [LIVE] Much of the Duchy's lands are located in Cornwall, but it also encompasses land in nearby Devon and other areas of the UK. The last person to hold the Duke of Cornwall title before Charles was Prince Edward, later King Edward VIII, who both ascended and abdicated the throne in 1936. He held the title as the eldest son of King George V, and after he became King it lay vacant without a holder until the Queen ascended the throne in 1952. Charles' wife Camilla uses the Duchess of Cornwall title publicly. She is also the Princess of Wales but she opts not to use the title. 