The plan was announced in May to help people who are struggling with the huge cost of energy bills and day-to-day living. Currently inflation is at nine percent and things are expected to get worse with another hike in energy bills due in October. Everyone on low-income benefits will receive a payment of £650. This is made up of two lump sums of £326 mid-July and £324 in autumn. People who get Universal Credit, income-based Jobseeker’s Allowance, income-related Employment and Support Allowance, Income Support or Pension Credit are eligible. They must have been entitled to the benefits from an assessment period that ended between April 26 to May 25 2022. READ MORE: Don't click! Post scams including DHL, EVRI and DPD ripping off Brits A lump sum of £150 will be paid in September to everyone receiving disability benefits. This includes Personal Independence Payment, Disability Living Allowance for children or adults, Attendance Allowance, Armed Forces Independence Payment, and the War Pension Mobility Supplement. People in Scotland who receive Adult Disability Payment or Child Disability Payment are also eligible. Payments of one of these benefits must have been made for May 25 2022 to get the funds. People who are awarded tax credits are eligible for a £650 payment. This payment is for those who get Child Tax Credit or Working Tax Credit. To receive the payment, people must have a payment, or annual reward of at least £26, on any day between April 26 to May 25 2022. The payment will be made in two instalments, the first in autumn and the second in winter. DON'T MISS:Attendance Allowance: Tips to add £370 a month to your budget [TIPS]Holidaymakers should place 'empty bag by hotel door’ to stay safe [INSIGHT]Mike Tindall's 'closeness to William created a dilemma' with Sussexes [ANALYSIS] People who get Winter Fuel Payments from 2022 to 2023 will get an extra £300 in their bank accounts. This payment will be made in November following an expected rise in energy bills in October. This is made in addition to any other cost of living payment for other benefit entitlements such as £150 for disability benefits. The total cost of the Government’s package helping vulnerable families is around £15 billion. Mr Sunak said a levy on the profits of gas and oil companies would help raise the funds. The Chancellor also announced that all households would receive £400 in October to help pay their energy bills. The support came after warnings about how millions of people would struggle to get by this winter as the cost of living soars.