The activists intend to blockade both the Severn Bridge and Prince of Wales Bridge - which take the M48 and M4 respectively over River Severn and into Wales - to draw attention to "ridiculous" fuel prices and the impact the hikes in cost are having on people’s lives. The protest, scheduled for Monday, July 4, has been branded "extremely dangerous" by the authorities. More than 80,000 vehicles use the Severn Bridge - the M48 - to cross between Wales and England each day. A further 65,000 or so vehicles use the Second Severn Crossing - officially called Prince of Wales Bridge - as they journey on the M4 between the two nations. And National Highways says a protest would risk lives and cause severe delays. But, speaking to Wales Online, one protester said: "I work for a local haulage company. We use approximately 30,000 litres of diesel every fortnight so I fully understand the cost of fuel at this time. However action such as this may highlight the issue to government but it will not impact them in the slightest. "It will impact on the supply chain affecting local businesses and local people as deliveries to shops won’t be made and people won’t be able to get to work. If you want to make a point why not bring Westminster to gridlock?" Another said: "Something this big will be heard. It will make the news. I’m not happy to sit back and let the government think they can get away with this."  Posts on social media calling for people to protest have been shared more than 1,000 times. Petrol and diesel prices are rising in the UK, with the cost of filling an average family car now hitting £100. John Ingram, National Highways’ network planner for resilience, said: "We respect people’s right to protest. However protesting on the strategic road network is extremely dangerous not just for the protesters but for people using the roads." A spokesman for the body added: "Along with the police and other partners we’ll be working hard to limit the effects of the protests on the Severn Bridges. We’ll be doing all we can to keep people up to date with the latest traffic information and to keep drivers on the move."  