England will take on Italy at Wolves' Molineux on Saturday evening in empty stadium without supporters due to the fan trouble that occurred at the Euro 2020 final last July. The two countries meet in a Nations League clash that will be played behind closed doors. The meeting in the Midlands will be the first time the teams have faced each other since Italy prevailed victorious on penalties at Wembley in agonising circumstances for the Three Lions. The final proved to be a thriller with Luke Shaw's early opener cancelled out by Leonardo Bonucci, before an enthralling shootout ended up with the Azzurri taking home the trophy. But trouble before kick-off marred what should have been a spectacular occasion with fans trying to break into Wembley on July 11. Hundreds of fans broke into the ground without tickets for what was England's first major final since 1966. Harry Maguire, England's centre-back and captain of Manchester United, said his father suffered two broken ribs prior to kick-off, leaving him unable to breathe. And a report found that a "collective failure" in planning could have allowed "ticketless, drunken thugs" to cause deaths as over 2,000 fans gained ticketless access. JUST IN: Newcastle ace with £58m release clause going nowhere The FA was also fined £84,560 for the incidents. England boss Gareth Southgate condemned the behaviour of the fans for their actions under the famous arch last summer. "If it is an embarrassment, it is for England as a country," Southgate said. "A lot of the people that caused the problems I'm not certain were football fans. "We spoke enough about it, we spoke about it after the final and when the punishment was first given. "What I will say is the vast majority of our fans who travelled to Germany behaved brilliantly. READ MORE: Tottenham 'agree £20m deal' to sign Djed Spence "A big thank you to them because maybe people were thinking something different but there were a huge majority who were a credit." Only 3,000 fans will be allowed to attend the game in Wolverhampton tonight, with school children aged under 14 making up the majority of that total. Under UEFA rulings, they are allowed free admission to fixtures played behind closed doors.