Mick Mulvaney made the claim to presenter Kirsty Wark on Newsnight and added that "you can count on" the New York born tycoon launching a run for the Republican nomination in 2024. Mr Mulvaney added that current US President Joe Biden has "some of the lowest polling numbers in history".  He also added that he expected there to be a full Republican Primary in the build up to the Presidential election in two years time. He said: "If he runs for reelection, which is the plan right now for the Democrats, I think you can count on Donald Trump running again. "He won't be able to pass up on the chance at a rematch and he would probably beat Joe Biden if the election were today. "I was a big supporter of the policies I still am.   "I would look forward to having a Republican primary with other folks to be able to come forward and say 'look you can get the same policies as Donald Trump without all the personality hand baggage that he brings with'. "So we will have a primary in this country. "The Republican Party people will challenge Donald Trump and we'll get a chance to see what the voters say." Recent polling by Quinnipiac University has shown that only 33 percent of US voters approve of Joe Biden's performance as President. READ MORE: Ukraine wipes out THREE Russian ammunition depots in 24 hours His ratings are low amongst key Democrats demographics with only 22 percent of 18-34 years olds approving along with only 24 percent of Hispanic voters and 49 percent of black voters. Data shows 64 percent of voters say they disapprove of Mr Biden's handling of the economy and 59 percent disapprove of his handling of "gun violence". However, 47 percent of voters approved of his handling of the Covid pandemic, compared to 46 percent who didn't . Mr Biden's approval ratings were highest amongst the over 65s with 43 percent approval also amongst Democrats at 79 percent and those with a four year college degree at 51 percent.  DON'T MISS:  Russians shooting at each other in Ukraine as troops BETRAY Putin  [REVEAL] Biden humiliated as reliance on RUSSIA for ammo exposed [INSIGHT] Boris Johnson in brutal swipe at Macron's Ukraine compromise plea  [SPOTLIGHT] The US President's average approval ratings are 40 percent boosted by more positive figures from studies from YouGov and Ipsos. However, this compares poorly with previous US Presidents at the same period during the first time with Mr Trump polling at 41.6 percent. Barack Obama was polling at 47. 4 percent, George W Bush at 73.6 percent, Bill Clinton 51.7 percent, George HW Bush 65 percent, Ronald Regan 45 percent, Jimmy Carter 43.1 percent and Gerald Ford 42.8 percent. Mr Biden faces an uphill struggle in the midterm elections and like Gerald Ford in 1976 and Jimmy Carter in 1980 may fail to be reelected based on similar poll numbers. Recent polling from YouGov and Yahoo shows that he would beat Mr Trump in hypothetical 2024 rematch by 42 percent to 39. 