Will Smith was “devastated” after he slapped Chris Rock at the 2022 Oscars earlier this year, according to Tyler Perry. The actor and director was pictured speaking to King Richard star Will after the shocking incident, and he has now spoken out to insist he was “de-escalating” the situation. Will dominated headlines in March when he walked up to the stage and slapped Chris across the face. The comedian had just made a joke comparing Will’s wife Jada Pinkett Smith to GI Jane. GI Jane has a shaved head, and Jada had also shaved her head due to living with alopecia, something she has admitted was a heartbreaking decision. Will has since apologised for his behaviour, calling it “inexcusable”, and he has been banned from the Oscars for ten years. READ MORE: Donny Osmond's wife rushed to singer's aid after 'terrible bout' Tyler was present at the glitzy event as he honoured acting legend Sidney Poitier during the In Memoriam segment. He has now said he believes Will’s childhood trauma caused him to react how he did. Speaking to Gayle King in the Tribeca Film Festival's Directors Series in New York, Tyler said: “There's a difference between comforting and deescalating, that's number one. “And I left early to get to Chris to make sure he was okay. Being friends with both of them has been very difficult.” He continued: “Trust me, as painful as it was for all of us in the room, it was as painful for Chris, who was a pure champion for the way he handled it. “But I want you to understand that something happened that was extremely painful for [Will] as well. That is no excuse. “He was completely wrong for what he did, but something triggered him, that is so out of everything he is. “And I'll tell you, when we walked over to him, he was devastated, he couldn't believe what happened. He couldn't believe he did it. DON'T MISS...Mick Jagger's son comforted by mum as he sobs over dad's Covid battleEamonn Holmes breaks silence on hospital dash and thanks NHS 'angels'‘Had no alternative’ Trinny Woodall was once forced to sell her house “I'm looking at this man in his eyes going, 'What are you doing? This is your night.' “And to get all the way to this moment, winning an Oscar, that was one of the crowning moments of his career that he wanted so desperately, and to have something like that happen... I think he is very much in reflection of trying to figure out what happened,” Tyler added. He also said he believes Will’s abusive father is the reason he responded in the way he did. In his memoir, the I Am Legend actor wrote: “When I was nine years old, I watched my father punch my mother in the side of the head so hard that she collapsed. I saw her spit blood. “That moment in that bedroom, probably more than any other moment in my life, has defined who I am.” Speaking about his regret that he could not help his mother, he penned: “What you have come to understand as ‘Will Smith,’ the alien-annihilating MC, the bigger-than-life movie star, is largely a construction – a carefully crafted and honed character designed to protect myself. “To hide myself from the world. To hide the coward.”