Major supermarket Sainsbury's has recalled a beloved sweet treat due to undeclared peanuts. This poses a possible health risk for anyone allergic to them. Pack size: 465ml Batch code: L1278 Best before: April 2023 READ MORE: Simple way to save hundreds of pounds per year on food The batch code and best before date can be located on the base of the product. The Food Standards Agency (FSA) issued a risk statement. "This product contains peanuts making it a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to peanuts." The FSA also provided some advice to customers who may be affected by the recall. "If you have bought the above product and have an allergy to peanuts do not eat it. "Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund. "Alternatively you may wish to contact the Unilever UK Careline on 0800 146252 or email them at ukicare@unilever.com." Ben & Jerry's also made a statement regarding the recall. The ice cream company said: "Ben & Jerry’s is taking the voluntary precaution of recalling from Sainsbury’s one batch of Moo-phoriaTM Peanut Butter Cookie Dough which has the incorrect lid applied." READ MORE: How to store food so it's 'fresh for much longer' - video    The incorrect lid that has been applied is Ben & Jerry's Moo-phoriaTM Salted Caramel Brownie. The ice cream company continued: "However, the correct ingredient and allergen information is on the back of the tub. "As a result there is the potential undeclared presence of peanuts if consumers mistake the product for Ben & Jerry’s Moo-phoriaTM Salted Caramel Brownie. "The safety of the people that buy and enjoy our products is always our number one priority, which is why we are taking the voluntary precaution of recalling this one batch as it could pose a safety risk to those people with a peanut allergy." Ben & Jerry's apologised to customers for any inconvenience caused and assured them that no other product is affected. The FSA explained why food products are occasionally recalled. "Sometimes there will be a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold. "Then it might be 'withdrawn' (taken off the shelves) or 'recalled' (when customers are asked to return the product). "Sometimes foods have to be withdrawn or recalled if there is a risk to consumers because the allergy labelling is missing or incorrect or if there is any other food allergy risk. "When there is a food allergy risk, the FSA will issue an Allergy Alert."