Columnist Daniela Elser highlighted how the monarch, 96, missed the whole of Royal Ascot for the first time in her 70-year reign. Ms Elser quoted a book by the Queen's dresser and confidante Angela Kelly which said "only in extreme circumstances would Her Majesty not attend" the equestrian event. Writing for news.com.au, the royal commentator said: "'Extreme circumstances' have clearly arrived." Ms Elser claimed the nation's longest-reigning monarch may not be seen again in public for months. She said: "The sad truth is, we now have a limbo Queen, a monarch who rules in name only and who has tucked herself away in some gothic monstrosity while her children and grandchildren go out into the world and rep the House of Windsor. "We may now not see her in public again for months, possibly until mid to late September." Ms Elser highlighted how the Queen usually carries out engagements in Scotland for Holyrood week before her summer break at Balmoral. But the royal commentator said the monarch is unlikely to step out for visits during Holyrood Week and may only carry out Zoom appearances before her summer holiday. Ms Elser's claims come as the Queen is experiencing episodic mobility issues. Concern for the monarch's health has been heightened since she spent a night in hospital last October before pulling out of a number of engagements. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'thinking of relinquishing title' - claim The 96-year-old now rarely carries out public duties outside of her royal residences. Racegoers were no doubt disappointed by the Queen's absence at Royal Ascot last week. But they were treated to the sight of other members of the Royal Family travelling in the traditional carriage procession. Prince Charles, Camilla, Prince William and Kate were among senior royals who attended the five-day sporting fixture. DON'T MISSNetflix wants Harry and Meghan 'to explain why they were booed' [VIDEO]Palace probe into Meghan bullying will NEVER be published [INSIGHT]Father's Day: New photo of Prince William and children [PICTURE] It comes after the Queen celebrated her Platinum Jubilee during an extended bank holiday weekend earlier this month. The Queen delighted royal fans by making two appearances on Buckingham Palace's balcony during the four days of celebrations. But her health meant she was unable to attend all the festivities. In a message at the end of the weekend, the Queen pledged to continue to serve "to the best of my ability, supported by my family". She said that while she may not have attended every event in person "my heart has been with you all".