Lewis Hamilton continues to struggle with Mercedes' W13 and labelled it "undriveable" on his team radio during a wretched day of practice at the Canadian Grand Prix. The seven-time world champion claims the changes the team made to the car were "a disaster". The Briton was eighth fastest in the first practice session but was down to 13th in FP2 in Montreal as the team experimented with their set-up. Hamilton has desperately struggled since the Formula One regulations changed in the offseason. While George Russell has finished in the top five of every race this season, Hamilton has been plagued by porpoising problems. He is 88 points behind defending champion Max Verstappen after just eight rounds of the season. Hamilton's chances of an eighth Drivers' Championship this year are already over but the 37-year-old has suggested he may even struggle for another podium in 2022. That's as he claimed his W13 seems only to be "getting worse". DON'T MISS: FIA's F1 intervention may have 'very negative effect' on Hamilton After Mercedes fitted Hamilton's car with a new floor, Hamilton said over the team radio: "This car is now undriveable." And he added to Sky Sports F1 after the session: "The car is so bad. Nothing we do to this car generally seems to work. "We are trying different set-ups. Me and George went with much different set-ups in this P2 just to see if one way works and one way doesn't. I'll wait to hear how it felt for him, but for me it was a disaster. "It's like the car is getting worse, it's getting more and more unhappy the more we do to it. We will keep working on it. It is what it is. I think this is the car for the year [and it won't improve]. We will have to tough it out and work hard on building a better car for next year." MUST READ...Mercedes' George Russell reacts to FIA changing rulesCanada GP almost begins in tragedy as groundhog avoids being squashedCharles Leclerc avoids 10-place penalty for Canadian GP On the performance problems blighting him at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in Canada, Hamilton added: "One touch of the kerb and the thing goes flying, it's so stiff. Here you need to be able to use the kerbs, so it's very tricky. "It's not the Montreal that I know, am used to and have experienced through my career. It's the worst I've ever felt in a car here. I'm hoping overnight we can try and make some changes, but it's the fundamentals of the car. It is what it is and it's going to be a struggle. "It's a monumental fight the whole time to keep it out of the wall. When it bounces, the car leaves the ground a lot, and when it lands it grips up and goes in different directions. "You are just trying to catch a car that jumps, hops and grips. It's tough. It just keeps you on edge and there were some big hits today. We've raised the car and it doesn't make a difference. We have tried loads and loads of things and ticked them all off. Those ones don't work, so we have to go and find something else. We are way off, but it's to be expected with this car." Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 