The Duke and Duchess of Sussex returned to the UK in a highly-anticipated visit for the Jubilee earlier this month. It was the couple’s first official trip back to London since their final royal engagement at Westminster Abbey back in March 2020. But before they landed on UK soil, speculation surrounded whether the Duke and Duchess would try to bring a Netflix camera crew as part of their entourage. In April, Meghan and Harry travelled to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games, flanked by a camera crew filming on behalf of the streaming giant. The couple is spearheading a new documentary series, “Heart of Invictus”, focused on the Games. However, just ahead of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, a source claimed that any Netflix camera crews filming the Duke and Duchess of Sussex in public spaces would be “moved on”. The Duke and Duchess clinched a reported $100million deal with the streaming service in 2020, but have not yet produced any finished content. But Royal Family branding expert, Professor Cele Otnes, told Express.co.uk that if the Duke and Duchess were “smart” about the filming, they could furnish Netflix with previously-unseen footage. She said this would be particularly important as much of the public has “seen all the stuff already”, and the Duke and Duchess would need to provide something innovative for the streaming service. She commented: “If they were smart, they have some footage from London and their trips here that Netflix could see. READ MORE: Prince Andrew 'causing almighty row' as aides “Maybe just of them privately - that they haven't shown yet. “Because my concern with this whole deal they have with Netflix is that in this day and age we have seen all the stuff already. “With social media, you can see it ten different ways.” Although returning to a storm of media attention, they largely shied away from the cameras across the Jubilee weekend. DON'T MISS: Princess Beatrice's scene-stealing entrance at Royal Ascot [REVEAL] Royal Family LIVE: 'Kick in teeth' Meghan 'ready' to turn back on UK [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew have his royal status reinstated? [VOTE] They were first spotted chatting with other royals during the Queen’s official birthday parade, Trooping the Colour, on June 2. The spectacular parade, watched by the Duke and Duchess from the Major General’s office at Horse Guards Parade, kicked off the Jubilee celebrations. Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan, 40, were not among the assembled royals on the Buckingham Palace balcony for the RAF flypast that rounded off the parade. Their only official public engagement of the weekend was when they stepped out for the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday, June 3. They sat next to Prince Harry's cousin, Princess Eugenie, and her husband, Jack Brooksbank, maintaining a wide berth from Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. They did host a birthday party in honour of their daughter, Lilibet's, first birthday during the celebrations. They later publicised photos from the birthday party, held at Frogmore Cottage, after missing a number of the Platinum Jubilee engagements on Saturday, June 4.