Prince Harry spent ten years in the army and served two tours of Afghanistan. The Duke's decision to leave the military was confirmed in 2015. Since his military departure, it has been reported that Harry is "very keen" to use his military knowledge and offer help, in some way, to Ukraine in their ongoing war against Russia. Speaking in a latest episode on his YouTube channel, royal expert Neil Sean discussed Harry's eagerness to help in the Ukraine fight. Mr Sean said: "As we know, Prince Harry had a very checkered career within the army". The royal expert noted that Harry previously referred to his military career as "possibly one of the happiest periods of his life". He said: "I think he liked the camaraderie, the removal away of royal life and the privacy that it entailed him. "Obviously he did enjoy it because he was then to go on and help put together and enjoy the period of the Invictus Games, of which we can look forward to a documentary on Netflix later this year". READ MORE: 'Never had anything to sell!' Meghan and Harry's Netflix bosses slammed after booing The royal expert said: "According to a very good source, Prince Harry is very keen to see, as a private citizen, if he could offer any assistance, whether to go to and visit or simply just assist from afar with Ukraine. "You can see that this would be a very good idea from Prince Harry's point of view and let's not forget, he's still reeling, of course, from the removal of everything to do with his former military and army career". He added: "It's really stung him. "[and] obviously, now, with the likes of her Royal Highness, Princess Anne taking on a bulk of his duties upon his recent visit [to the UK], that possibly has hit home even harder". READ MORE: 'Good thing Queen doesn’t depend on him' Harry savaged as William and Kate plot move Following his exit from The Firm, the Duke of Sussex recently wrote an emotional letter to a couple in the UK, whose late son served alongside Harry in Afghanistan in 2008. Speaking in a past episode of the royal podcast, Pod Save The Queen, The Daily Mirror’s royal editor Russell Myers claimed that in the letter Harry showed he was upset by the loss of loss of his military titles after stepping back from the Royal Family in 2020. Talking about Harry’s letter, he said: “I think this sort of tells you where Harry’s head is at quite a lot by saying that ‘I wish I could do more." DON'T MISS “Undoubtedly, he has been very affected by losing those military appointments.” Since his royal exit, Harry now resides in the US with Meghan and their two young children, son Archie, 3, and one-year-old daughter Lilibet.