The summer transfer window opens today, with top Premier League clubs looking to bolster their squads ahead of next season. Liverpool and Arsenal are two of the clubs closing in on early deals as they look to gain the upper hand on their top-flight rivals. And Express Sport takes a look at five deals that could be completed on the first day of business. Darwin Nunez to Liverpool One of the biggest transfers of this summer could see Benfica ace Darwin Nunez moving to Liverpool. The striker scored an incredible 34 goals last season and is viewed as hot property by Europe’s top clubs. The Merseysiders look set to see off Manchester United in their pursuit of Nunez, with A Bola reporting that the 22-year-old’s move to Anfield is “practically sealed.” Liverpool are set to pay Benfica an initial £68million for the player, with another £17m in add-ons. Calvin Ramsay to Liverpool Liverpool were quiet in the transfer market last summer as they only brought in Ibrahima Konate. But Jurgen Klopp clearly has a different strategy this time around and could also sign Aberdeen right-back Calvin Ramsay on the first day of the transfer window. The Reds have been tracking the 18-year-old for months and, according to The Mirror, a deal to take him to Anfield is “close to completion.” READ MORE: Man Utd respond to Liverpool's Darwin Nunez deal as Erik ten Hag makes 'priority' clear   Marquinhos to Arsenal Arsenal already have a plethora of star wingers at the Emirates Stadium but look set to sign another one in the form of 19-year-old Brazilian wonderkid Marquinhos. And, according to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, the Gunners will hand the winger a five-year deal in north London after already agreeing to pay his club Sao Paulo £3m to bring him to England. Julio Enciso to Brighton Brighton are poised to sign 18-year-old striker Julio Enciso from Paraguay club Libertad, according to The Argus. The teenage sensation, who has already been capped five times by Paraguay, came close to joining the Seagulls in January before the move broke down at the 11th hour. But Libertad president Ruben Di Tore claimed on Wednesday night that an agreement was in place for him to finally move to Brighton. DON'T MISSLeeds drop major Kalvin Phillips transfer hint amid Man City interestLeeds summer spending to reach £43.5m as Orta 'accelerates' third signingMan Utd boss Ten Hag 'interested' in surprise left-field Brighton transfer    Gavin Bazunu to Southampton According to The Athletic, Southampton are closing in on the signing of 20-year-old Manchester City goalkeeper Gavin Bazunu. The Saints are looking for someone to challenge Alex McCarthy for a place between the sticks after losing Fraser Forster to Tottenham. Bazunu, who has already won 10 caps for Ireland, spent last season on loan with Portsmouth in League One and was named their player of the season. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 