PS Plus Premium and Extra is now available in the UK, with subscribers able to access hundreds of games for a monthly fee. The new PS Plus membership tiers launched on June 23 in the UK and Europe, with the whole way PlayStation Plus works revamped. If you haven't subscribed to PS Plus in awhile you'll now notice there are different three membership options available - Essential, Extra and Premium - when previously there was just one. PS Plus Essential is the PlayStation Plus users know and love, which offers monthly free games, the ability to play multiplayer games online, cloud storage and exclusive discounts. PS Plus Premium and Extra includes all this and more - with up to 400 PS5 and PS4 games available with Extra and up to 740 games in total available with PlayStation Plus Premium. Premium includes access to games from virtually every single PlayStation console (bar the Vita). So you'll get access to PS1, PS2, PS3, PSP, PS4 and PS5 games with Premium plus Game Trials for titles such as Horizon Forbidden West and cloud streaming. The new PS Plus is an exciting proposition that offers great value for money, and it'll be interesting to see what the future holds. READ MOREPS5 review: Plays Beautifully, Looks Beastly One thing subscribers will have to wait and see if whether Sony majorly shakes-up the PS Plus Premium and Extra libraries each month. Besides adding new PS4 and PS5 games, there is the potential for the Classics library to be expanded upon bit-by-bit like the Nintendo Switch Online service does. PS Plus Premium has launched with a small selection of PS1 classics so it wouldn't be a surprise to see this grow over time. How often Sony updates its Premium and Extra library remains to be seen, as does when it reveals new games. With PlayStation Now monthly updates to the games list were announced towards the start of each month, so if there are a number of new games heading to Premium and Now in July 2022 we should find out within the next few days. Sony has, however, confirmed that there is one new game heading to PS Plus Premium and Extra, and it's a high-profile one. The latest eye-catching game from Annapurna Interactive - Stray - which featured prominently at past Sony events will be available Day One on PS Plus Premium and Extra. Stray will be available with PS Plus on July 19. Here's the synopsis for the upcoming PlayStation console exclusive... Lost, alone and separated from family, a stray cat must untangle an ancient mystery to escape a long-forgotten cybercity and find the way home. Stray is a third-person cat adventure game set amidst the detailed neon-lit alleys of a decaying cybercity and the murky environments of its seedy underbelly. See the world through the eyes of a stray and interact with the environment in playful ways. Stray is developed by BlueTwelve Studio, a small team from south of France mostly made of cats and a handful of humans.