During series eight of Channel 4 favourite Escape to the Chateau, Dick Strawbridge, 62, told off Angel Adoree for "bringing up" that they weren't quite finished with fixing up the chateau. The couple became well-known in 2018 when their journey of leaving the UK to convert a 45-room chateau into a family home and business started to be documented. Viewers have enjoyed watching the duo as they revamped the chateau. But in a series eight episode from 2021, Dick scolded Angel as she reminded him of another job they had to make a start on. In the episode, the duo were replacing the entire roof of the chateau. As the work finally started to begin after years of waiting, Dick was ecstatic. "This is the biggest investment we've made, by a long way," he commented. He added: "I'm looking up there and thinking A, it's high and B, there's a lot of it." READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series Talking to his young children Arthur and Dorothy, he explained why the roof was such an important thing to fix. He asked them: "When Steve has finished slating this roof, how long do you think the roof's going to last before we have to do it again?" "100 years?" Arthur replied, before quickly changing his mind, adding: "50!" "50, 100, what do you reckon?" Dick commented. "1,500? I'm hoping 100." He added: "What that means is you won't have to worry about putting a new roof on it at all." Arthur cleverly pointed out: "What happens if an asteroid hits?" "Well we'll probably sell the bits of the asteroid because they're worth quite a lot of money," Dick responded. He continued: "I don't mind if an asteroid hits this." DON'T MISS... ITV viewers furious as Mark Wright takes Chunkz's Soccer Aid penalty [LATEST]Soccer Aid fans distracted by Robbie Williams' appearance 'Different!' [REACTION]Coronation Street theory: Gary Windass' exit sealed in murder twist [THEORY] As Angel, 44, joined her family to witness the work being done, Dick remarked: "When this job is done, that will be the biggest worry we've had all the way through addressed, won't it?" He beamed: "That's huge, darling, that's huge." However, Angel couldn't help but point out they still had other tasks to complete. "Then we can address our windows," she replied, to which Dick immediately sighed. "Jeez, you couldn't just let it breathe for a second!" He lectured. He went on: "You could have said, 'We're going to do the roof first,' instead of bringing up the windows!" Shaking his head as Angel laughed, he added: "You're a girl, you are." Elsewhere, the couple was delighted to finally sort out the last room of the basement, the preserves cupboard. Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on All4. 