EastEnders has shown Rainie Cross' (played by Tanya Franks) struggle for many years with drugs, relationships and fertility issues. She originally came into the BBC One soap as the sister of Tanya Branning (Jo Joyner) in 2007 and featured in the show on and off for several years. This was until she became a series regular back in 2018 but her time in Albert Square has come to an end. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from EastEnders. Rainie managed to turn her life around when she returned four years ago as Max Branning's (Jake Wood) new wife. She was no longer taking drugs and was eager to become a mum to Max's granddaughter Abi after his youngest daughter Abi Branning (Lorna Fitzgerald) fell off the Queen Vic roof that same year. Their relationship ended however and Max ran off with Abi - their location still unknown to Rainie and his brother Jack Branning (Scott Maslen). She got her second chance with Stuart Highway (Ricky Champ) who she married and while Rainie couldn't have children of her own, the couple used Bernie Taylor (Clair Norris) as their surrogate. READ MORE: McCartney's team hit out at BBC for Glasto farce Rainie and Stuart welcomed baby Roland into the world but despite being his biological father, Stuart wasn't able to bond with his son. Stuart, who is also in the middle of chemotherapy, is suffering from post-natal depression and handed Roland back to Bernie as he admitted to not loving him. Bernie bluntly told Rainie: “I shouldn’t be the only one putting Roland first. “You do not get to make him suffer because your marriage is falling apart.” Realising she was right, Rainie gave her husband the ultimatum - seek help and stay with her and Roland or she leaves for good. Sadly, Stuart didn't show up and from a distance, he watched as Rainie left with their baby. Actress Franks hasn't yet come out to explain the reason for her departure from EastEnders. According to her IMDb page, she currently hasn't got any other projects lined up. But given the fact she has been in the drama for four years solid and 15 years on and off, she may be eager to try something new. Franks isn't the only star to recently leave the BBC soap either. DON'T MISS...Sue Barker sends public support to Boris Becker  [EXPLAINER]EastEnders theory: Mitch Baker's brother arrives in paternity twist [THEORY]EastEnders theory: Jean Slater killed in Mo Harris return plot [SPOILER] Last week, Nancy Carter actress Maddy Hill made a surprising exit after she returned to Walford for just over a year. Speaking to Metro.co.uk, Hill said it "felt like the right time to move on for now". Nancy could no longer deal with her mum Linda Carter's (Kelly Bright) alcoholism and was devastated when she learned that Zack Hudson (James Farrar) had cheated on her. Both of them prompted Nancy to leave and head up to Manchester for a fresh start. There are going to be five more character exits this year as well. Stuart Highway actor Ricky Champ is leaving after four years, Peter Beale's Dayle Hudson will be going after joining in 2020, Dana Monroe actress Barbara Smith is exiting and Jada Lennox star Kelsy Calladine-Smith will follow suit. Mick Carter actor Danny Dyer revealed last year that he would be leaving the show behind by the end of the year. EastEnders airs Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm on BBC One.