Sally (played by Sally Dynevor) and Tim (Joe Duttine) refrained from getting intimate while he was recovering from a triple heart bypass. While Tim's health has improved recently, his love life with his wife hasn't. Official ITV soap spoilers have revealed the pair will visit a sex therapist called Trina (Emma Williams) in upcoming scenes, but could Sally start a steamy affair with her if nothing improves romantically with Tim? Coronation Street fans will know Tim has been experiencing impotence following his major surgery but he has been fearful about discussing the issue with his doctor. However, the cobbles character eventually opened up to Dr Susan Gaddas (Christine Mackie) about the issue after ending up in hospital because he took an erectile dysfunction tablet. In upcoming scenes, Tim tells Sally that changing medications has had no benefit and he is worried their sex life is well and truly over. His reassuring wife tells Tim she loves him no matter what. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes stunned as MP cuts interview short Later on, Dr Gaddas recommends he and Sally see a sex therapist, however, Tim is not keen on the idea. Determined to make their relationship work, Tim begrudgingly agrees and they attend a session together. A counsellor called Trina conducts the first sex therapy session and urges Sally and Tim to gaze into each other’s eyes. But Tim naturally feels awkward and declares it a total con and a waste of time.  Sally is left extremely disappointed by his attitude and it drives a wedge between the pair. Later on, Aggie Bailey (Lorna Laidlaw) confides in Tim that she and Ed Bailey (Trevor Michael Georges) have argued. But as he is late for a lunch date with Sally, Tim doesn’t have time to listen. When he meets Sally for lunch they pretend to be on a first date but Tim is distracted to hear Ed talking about his row with his wife. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Sarah Platt's affair with Stephen returns [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Audrey Roberts exits and put into care home [UPDATE]Coronation Street theory: Julie Carp returns to cobbles in exit twist [THEORY] Sally certainly is not getting the attention from Tim she had hoped for and it looks as though the couple might grow further apart. She left the therapy session feeling rejected by Tim when she thought it would help. Feeling unloved, will Sally book an appointment with the sex therapist without Tim? If the session goes well, will Sally try and make a move on her?  It would be considered malpractice if Trina had an unprofessional relationship with a client, but could Sally be worth the risk? How would Tim react if he discovered his wife was having an affair with their sex therapist? Whatever happens, if Sally and Tim don't find a way to repair their relationship soon a divorce might be on the cards. Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV. 