UK annual house price growth slowed to 10.7 percent in June, compared to 11.2 percent in May. House prices increased in an 11th consecutive month by 0.3 percent. The average house price of a property in the UK has reached a new record high of £271,613. Average house prices have increased by an eye-watering £26,000 in the last year. However, the experts at Nationwide said there are signs that the market is slowing down. Robert Gardner, Nationwide's chief economist, said: “There are tentative signs of a slowdown, with the number of mortgages approved for house purchases falling back towards pre-pandemic levels in April and surveyors reporting some softening in new buyer enquiries. “Nevertheless, the housing market has retained a surprising amount of momentum given the mounting pressure on household budgets from high inflation, which has already driven consumer confidence to a record low. “Part of the resilience is likely to reflect the current strength of the labour market, where the number of job vacancies has exceeded the number of unemployed people in recent months. “Furthermore, the unemployment rate remains close to 50-year lows. READ MORE: 'Bizarre': Prince Andrew still lives with Sarah in £30m home “At the same time, the stock of homes on the market has remained low, which has helped to keep upward pressure on house prices.” The housing expert said the property market is expected to “slow further” as Britons feel further pressure on household finances. Inflation is expected to reach double digits towards the end of the year. The Bank of England is also expected to raise interest rates further which will have a “cooling impact” on the UK property market if this impacts mortgage rates. Nationwide house price data has revealed that house price growth has “softened” in nine of the UK’s 13 regions. The South West is now leading the pack as the strongest performing region with house prices up 14.7 percent annually. The South West overtook Wales to nab the top spot. East Anglia is in second place where annual price growth has remained at 14.2 percent. Wales has seen its annual price growth slow down to 13.4 percent, compared to 15.3 percent at the beginning of the year. Price growth in Northern Ireland was similar to last quarter at 11 percent.  DON'T MISSDEAL OF THE DAY: Early Prime Day deal - Save 43% off Bosch DIY [INSIGHT]When to prune honeysuckle - three key timings for ‘romantic’ climbers [UPDATE]How to ‘immediately’ increase your property value by 10-15 percent [ANALYSIS] Meanwhile, Scotland saw a 9.5 percent year-on-year rise in house prices. While the South West has seen the strongest growth, overall, southern England saw weaker growth than northern England. The North West was the strongest performing region in Northern England with prices rising by up to 13.3 percent annually compared to 12.4 percent in the first quarter. London has remained the weakest performing UK region, with annual price growth slowing to six percent, from 7.4 percent in the previous quarter. Mr Gardner added: “Looking at house price growth since the onset of the pandemic, we see a similar pattern, with London also the weakest performing region. “Since 2020 Q1, average house prices in the capital have increased by 14.9 percent, whilst all other regions, except the Outer Metropolitan, have seen at least a 20 percent uplift. “The South West was also the strongest region over this period, with a 27.7 percent increase, after taking account of seasonal effects, followed by Wales, where average prices rose 26.2 percent. Meanwhile in the North West, prices were up 25.8 percent. “These trends may reflect a shift in housing preferences; our housing market surveys have pointed to the majority of people looking to move to less urban areas. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Our research found that predominantly rural areas have seen stronger price growth in recent years than predominately urban areas. “We’ve also seen strong house price growth in a number of areas closely associated with tourism, including parts of Devon, South Wales, the Cotswolds and the Broads. This suggests some of the demand may be being driven by those buying holiday or second homes.” Jason Tebb, chief executive officer of property search website OnTheMarket.com, suggested sentiment remains largely unchanged in the UK property market despite considerable headwinds. He continued: “However, a subtle rebalancing continues as more stock comes to market. “This is partly down to the seasonal effects of summer, traditionally a time when you would expect increased stock to become available. “The ‘new normal’, an elevated version of the pre-pandemic market, continues as serious property seekers remain determined to move.” Iain McKenzie, CEO of The Guild of Property Professionals, said the property market is in “rude health”. However, he claimed there are “tell-tale signs” that the property market is “losing momentum”.  He continued: “The strong employment rate and low housing stock are pushing the housing market upwards, while rocketing inflation and a slow ratcheting of interest rates are acting to pull it back downwards. "These forces are finely balanced at the moment, but we’re likely to see the market continue to cool over the coming months. "The trend of buyers fleeing congested cities continues, with London seeing the weakest growth, and the South West, East Anglia and Wales being the strongest performing regions. "Since the start of the pandemic, prices in the South West have risen at almost double the rate of properties in London, and it’s hard to know whether demand in the capital will ever return to previous levels.” Nicky Stevenson, managing director of national estate agent group Fine & Country said house price growth continues to “drift downward in response to mounting pressures in the broader economy”. She said: “Increased borrowing costs have come at a time when disposable incomes are already shrinking and the UK is edging closer to recession. “These pressures are bound to stretch affordability in the months ahead with inflation still to peak and more aggressive monetary tightening now being signalled by the Bank of England. “A tight labour market and the ongoing supply crunch will continue to mitigate this cooling effect with overall gains remaining robust by historical standards."