The French president will step out to the Arc de Triomphe on Thursday, the Elysée Palace announced. Mr Macron will attend with the British Ambassador to France, Menna Rawlings. The pair are expected to lay a wreath at the foot of the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in honour of the occasion. However the piece de resistance will be a performance of ‘God save the Queen’ played by the Band of the Royal Regiment of Scotland, followed by ‘La Marseillaise’ performed by the Republican Guard band. From Vincent Auriol to Emmanuel Macron, ten French presidents have succeeded each other since the sovereign's accession to the throne. The Platinum Jubilee, which will mark 70 years of Queen Elizabeth II’s reign, will be celebrated by millions of people across the UK and the commonwealth from Thursday to Sunday, with thousands of people planning to join street parties or have a long weekend getaway. Mr Macron’s personal tribute to the British monarch comes after Boris Johnson paid tribute to the “remarkable” leader of the commonwealth last week. Speaking to the commons in a “humble address”, the Prime Minister praised Britain’s longest reigning monarch. He said: “In our history, no monarch has ever served this country so long as this one ... but far more importantly, no monarch has ever served it so well. “No monarch, by her efforts and dedication and achievement, better deserves the attribute of greatness. And for me, she is already Elizabeth the Great.” READ MORE: Macron insists Champions League teargassing of Britons was 'no drama' Over the course of her reign, the Queen has carried out more than 21,000 official engagements across 100 countries and has given assent to 4,000 pieces of legislation under 14 Prime Ministers. Labour leader Keir Starmer echoed Mr Johnson’s praise, calling her “the most famous face on the planet”. He added the Queen had been “the perfect monarch for the people and the times that she led”. The Jubilee will see almost every member of the Royal Family gather together to celebrate the extraordinary reign of the leader of their family. DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry BACK at Frogmore Cottage ahead of Platinum Jubilee [REVEAL]Archie and Lilibet could get 'private' introduction to Cambridge's  [INSIGHT]Lilibet Diana's first meeting with Queen 'not set in stone' [SPOTLIGHT] However, not every member of the Firm is set to join the Queen on the royal balcony during the Queen’s Trooping the Colour celebration. According to a statement from Buckingham Palace, only senior royals will join the Queen on the balcony. The statement read: “After careful consideration, The Queen has decided this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday 2nd June will be limited to Her Majesty and those Members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of The Queen.” The statement means Prince Harry, Meghan Markle, Prince Andrew and his daughters Beatrice and Eugenie are among those who will not be by the Queen’s side. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega 