As Johnny Depp awaited the jury’s verdict on his defamation case against ex-wife Amber Heard, which he won, the Pirates of the Caribbean star flew to the UK for some surprise music appearances. The 59-year-old cameoed on Jeff Beck’s tour at a number of major concerts, including at the Royal Albert Hall. And the duo have since announced a new album together called 18. The pair have been working on the record for the last three years and a single with lyrics by Depp has been released.  The track is called This is a Song for Miss Hedy Lamarr, a song about the 1940s film star. His lyrics in the chorus include: “I don’t believe, I can’t believe, I won’t believe humans anymore…It’s so hard to talk when no one will hear, and everyone stares as you quiver in fear.” On top of all this, the Jack Sparrow actor has another show coming up this summer. It was announced this morning that Depp will make a surprise performance with Jeff Beck at the Montreux Jazz Festival. This year’s Swiss live music event marks the 56th to date and takes place from July 1-16 on the Lake Geneva shoreline. The two stars will take the stage on the Auditorium Stravinski on July 15, the same day as Van Morrison. The Pirates actor previously performed at the festival with his supergroup the Hollywood Vampires, along with Alice Cooper and Joe Perry, in 2018. DON'T MISSJohnny Depp: Pirates ‘primed for Jack Sparrow return' – ex Disney exec [PIRATES 6]Johnny Depp performs John Lennon song in surprise appearance – WATCH [JOHN LENNON]Johnny Depp lost out on staggering Pirates of the Caribbean 6 payday [PIRATES] Depp joins an impressive lineup at this year’s Montreux Jazz Festival from Diana Ross and Stormzy to Björk, Sam Ryder and Nick Cave. Speaking to the audience at a June 2 show in Gateshead, Beck said of Depp: “I met this guy five years ago and we've never stopped laughing since. We actually made an album. I don't know how it happened. It will be out in July. When Johnny and I started playing together, it really ignited our youthful spirit and creativity. We would joke about how we felt 18 again, so that just became the album title too." To book tickets for the Montreux Jazz Festival, click here.