As Wimbledon reached its fourth day, Katie Boulter was the headline act for Great Britain as she took to the centre court first to compete against Czech sixth seed Karolina Pliskova. Her participation comes after receiving a wildcard from the All England Club, showing signs of her regained fitness after years of injuries had been impacting her performance this season. Boulter is now into the third round after a 3-6 7-6 6-4 victory. Boulter smashed her first match against France’s Clara Burel on Tuesday. The 25-year-old world number 118 had hoped to reach the third round at the All England Club for the first time. So, what else do we know about Boulter? Hailing from Woodhouse Eaves, Leicestershire, Boulter took a liking to tennis at the young age of five and was representing Great Britain a rapid three years later. Boulter’s mother Sue played tennis at county level and represented Great Britain a few times, which could indicate an inherent inspiration to play. READ MORE: Boulter reveals family illness inspired biggest win of her career  Showing early signs of success, Bolter was winning overseas tournaments by 11, including the Lemon Bowl in Rome and the Junior Orange Bowl in Florida. Past finalists of these championships include the likes of big tennis names Andy Murray and Caroline Wozniacki. Boulter turned pro in 2014 after ranking as the No10 junior tennis player in the world and has since seen increasing career success. So far, the British star has won six singles and four doubles on the ITF Women’s Circuit, reaching her best singles ranking of the world in 2019 at No82. The player peaked in 2018 in the doubles ranking at No431. That same year, she made more of a household name for herself after a Wimbledon win against Veronica Cepede Royge.  Having won an ITF tournament in February, Boulter had to retire from the WTA event in Lyon in March due to a leg injury. However, the British star returned in full force at the 2022 Nottingham Open in June where she came through qualifying to defeat Tatjana Maria in the first round before losing to Ajla Tomljanović. But this didn’t stop the All England Club from granting the player a wildcard for this year’s Wimbledon tournaments after several promising performances. DON'T MISS: Wimbledon LIVE: Fans furious as Raducanu & Murray games half empty [REPORT]The beautiful Spanish town Nadal is from you can visit [INSIGHT]Wimbledon order of play: When Nadal, Kyrgios and Draper start on Day 4 [EXPLAINED]    Before her tennis career took precedence, Boulter is known to have shown a keen interest in fashion, making an appearance in Vogue magazine in 2018. She is now based at the Lawn Tennis Association's National Tennis Centre in Roehampton and is coached by Jeremy Bates, Nigel Sears, and Mark Taylor. Boulter was ranked 118, with a career high of 82 in February 2019.  Boulter's net worth is unknown but she has won £952,456 throughout her career, according to WTA Tennis. The 25-year-old is believed to have been in a relationship with fellow tennis player Alex de Minaur since 2021. De Minaur, who is ranked No 27 in the world, is reported to have made things official back in March of last year, and have since been pictured on Instagram on various travels around the globe. 