DUP MLA Gary Middleton dismissed the complaints about schoolchildren being given the books as "petty". It came after Irish republican party Aontú grumbled about the texts going into schools in Northern Ireland. The party's Derry spokeswoman Gemma Brolly said: "In the midst of a cost-of-living crisis, whilst our education system is crumbling around us and cries out for investment, thousands of books will reach schools where they simply will not be wanted. "Schools cannot afford to return them so they must decide for themselves what to do with them." She moaned the books would be seen by many as "highly disrespectful". The children's book focuses on a girl called Isabella who visits her great-grandmother and finds out about highlights of the Queen's reign.  In the story, Isabella finds a treasure box full of souvenirs which become her guide to the history of the UK and the Commonwealth. Mr Middleton said the books offer a child’s eye-view of major themes and events during the Queen’s reign. He said: "There’s nothing in the book that anybody should find offensive or be threatened by." Mr Middleton told News Letter: "There’s no doubt there’ll be parents who may not want their children to have these books. But they’re voluntary – you don’t have to accept them. People are perfectly within their rights not to pick up a free book."  READ MORE ABOUT MEGHAN'S REVELATIONS The Scottish National Party (SNP) was savaged last month for turning down the free book. Schools across Scotland had to opt in to receive copies of the book published by the UK Government. It had been due to be sent automatically to every state primary pupil before the Jubilee weekend in June. Wales and Scotland both requested their schools would need to ask to be included on a distribution list.  DON'T MISS: Disabled mum wet herself as River Island wouldn't let her use loo [REVEALED] Council tenant being evicted after dad and brother die months apart [LATEST] Mick Lynch slammed 'betrayal of Brexit' after backing EU withdrawal [REPORT] The Welsh government reportedly thought the book was too "Anglo-centric", despite its being offered in Welsh and Gaelic versions. An outraged parent told the Scottish Daily Express the decision was disgusting from supposed book lover Nicola Sturgeon.  They said: "She never tires of lecturing us about the woke books she thinks we should be reading and yet she has turned down a free book for every child in Scotland. "Many homes won’t have any books so who is she to deny these kids a book that could change their lives?" Another said: "My kids have had years of SNP propaganda shoved down their throats. "They must have done more projects on the wars of independence than literally any other topic.  "Yet they are being denied a book about British history that celebrates one of the most remarkable monarchs of all time." And a third said: "No wonder Scotland's literacy rates are plummeting when the Nats are turning down free books. It’s an outrage." 