More than 40 Conservative MPs have officially called on the Prime Minister to resign following the content and his response to Sue Gray report. In light of the updates, political commentator Benedict Spence reacted to Mr Johnson’s new policy announcements in the coming days concerning the NHS as an attempt to move the attention from Partygate and claimed the Prime Minister “is not going to succeed”. The new announcements are going to “be the big thing [for Mr Johnson] to distract us from Partygate”, he added after looking at the Prime Minister’s plans as a move “to persuade us that he has moved on and that [Partygate] is not an issue”. Mr Spence said: “I don’t think that he is going to succeed. “Of course, this is the new story that is coming out today that the Prime Minister’s big plan to sort of move on from Partygate and win back the trust of the nation and of his party is the NHS. “There are also reasons why that might be quite a sound move. “The NHS is still sort of very much at the top in terms of what people look to. “In terms of what they’re proud of, which is very close to the heart. “But there’s no question that it’s taken a real battering over the last few years. “Over the years, there’s always an NHS crisis just around the corner. “It is something that is woefully mismanaged, doesn’t actually do very well if we’re being honest. READ MORE: Britain’s fish exports to Canada grow fivefold “And it’s one of the great sorts of mysteries of this country that we sort of cling to it quite so keenly. “Given that when you compare it to just about every other developed world on the planet. “I think very much the kind of system that we have is one that is outdated. “It’s cracking and it’s just gone through a pandemic. DON'T MISS: 'Shameless' Sturgeon provokes furious backlash at Jubilee concert [WATCH]Climate activists mistakenly target electric car after attacking 3... [LISTEN]'They want EU flag flying' Jubilee row over Union Jack 'Nazi' slur [INSIGHT] “And it has an ageing population with a lot of people with chronic or lifestyle based illnesses, which it wasn’t necessarily intended for. “This is what Boris Johnson thinks it’s going to be the big thing to distract from Partygate and to persuade us all that he’s moved on and that it’s not an issue. “The problem really is has it come way down the line for it to become salvageable?”. Under the party rules, PM Boris Johnson will face a confidence vote if 54 Conservative MPs submit a no confidence letter in the Prime Minister. Following the number now amounting to 40 Tory MPs publicly calling on the Prime Minister to resign, Mr Johnson confirmed he will make a series of policy announcements in the next few days with a special focus on the NHS. He said: “The pandemic put unparalleled pressure on our NHS, but we are making excellent progress towards our goal of tackling the COVID backlogs. “This week we will update on how we are driving down waiting lists and delivering more scans, checks and tests than ever before as we support the NHS in its biggest ever catch-up programme”.