Manchester United's pursuit of Benfica striker Darwin Nunez is under threat as Liverpool have registered their interest in a summer transfer. On Wednesday morning, reliable reports confirmed Jurgen Klopp is keen to replace Sadio Mane with the highly-rated 22-year-old. Nunez is Erik ten Hag's clear top striker target in his first transfer window as United manager, but the club's priority is central midfield. And with Liverpool threatening to hijack a deal for the Uruguayan, Express Sport identifies four alternatives to whom the Red Devils could turn. Christopher Nkunku enjoyed an incredible 2021-22 campaign and can operate across the front line, versatility that will appeal to Ten Hag given United's lack of depth on the wings. The 24-year-old registered 55 goal contributions in 51 appearances in all competitions for RB Leipzig last season, scoring 35 goals and providing 20 assists. Amid Leipzig's unsurprising reluctance to sell this summer, Nkunku would likely demand a higher transfer fee than Benfica's £85million for Nunez. But the Frenchman's numbers are alongside Europe's best, and his capture would present a significant statement in response to United's biggest rivals stealing target No 1. JUST IN: Liverpool receive Gakpo transfer boost as Reds hunt Mane replacement Gianluca Scamacca has emerged as one of Europe's most exciting young strikers alongside Nunez. The 23-year-old netted 16 Serie A goals while playing for the competition's 11th-placed side, Sassuolo, last season and has been linked with a Premier League switch. He's valued at £45m and, like Nunez, has the potential to fulfil the role Sebastien Haller thrived in under Ten Hag at Ajax. Scamacca also idolises United hero Zlatan Ibrahimovic but doesn't boast a similar level of versatility as Nunez and Nkunku. READ MORE: Alessandro Bastoni makes Tottenham transfer decision after Man Utd ... Only Robert Lewandowski scored more Bundesliga goals than Patrik Schick's 24 in 27 games last season, and he has been linked as a potential United target in recent months. However, once signed by Ralf Rangnick at RB Leipzig, the German's Old Trafford exit may have altered plans. Schick poses as a shrewd alternative, though, and aged 26, the Czech Republic international will soon be entering his prime years. Bayer Leverkusen are said to value him at £58m after he followed winning the Euro 2020 award - joint with Cristiano Ronaldo - with a stellar club campaign. Moussa Dembele is, admittedly, a less enticing option than the likes of Nunez and Nkunku. However, the Frenchman should be available this summer after Alexandre Lacazette's inevitable return to Lyon, and he does feature on United's list of targets. Turning 26 this year, Dembele can also feature on the wing to cover United's lack of wide players. And after registering 22 goals and 5 assists in Ligue 1 last term, he'll be in the club's thinking if they have to abandon their pursuit of Nunez. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.