Matthew Marsden, 49, has revealed that Beyonce once sang backing vocals on his song. The former Coronation Street actor told how the superstar singer and her group Destiny's Child were convinced to perform on the track back in 1998 by her father Mathew Knowles.  The actor launched a short-lived pop career following his exit from the ITV soap.  He explained that Beyonce was “super shy” when they first met.  Matthew started his professional life as a model before moving on to acting.  He landed a part in Emmerdale before he was welcomed onto the cobbles. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman, 61, stuns in very tight-fitting green jumpsuit Matthew then bagged a £500,000 record deal with Columbia Records, who are owned by Sony, after leaving Emmerdale. He initially found success with his first single, The Heart's Lone Desire. But it was his second single in which he received help from the Say My Name hitmakers. Detailing the experience on the Fascinated podcast, Matthew told how he was playing a demo of his second track, a cover of Hall & Oates She's Gone, when Mathew Knowles burst into the room. Reportedly, the singer’s father was so impressed with Matthew that he declared: “You’ve got to sing with my girls!” In January 2020, he told podcast host Gearóid Farrelly: “We went and recorded that afternoon. It was really crazy. “Beyonce was amazing. All the girls were lovely. “She's just unbelievably beautiful. Believe it or not she's super shy.” DON'T MISS...'With a heavy heart' Monty Don inundated with support over decision [UPDATE]Amanda Holden, 51, lets fans into bedroom moment [PICTURES] Penny Lancaster stuns as she bids sweet farewell to Rod Stewart [INSIGHT] This took place before Beyonce’s solo career was launched. Someone told Matthew at the time that Beyoncé would become the “biggest star in the world.” “She was unbelievable. She's so skilled as a vocalist. It's a nice thing.” The pair got on so well that Matthew explained that Beyonce greeted him with a hug when they ran into each other some time later. He said: “It was great, I had a good time. And I saw her over in LA at a big party. “She came over and gave me a big hug and it was really nice.” The star has since moved to America and enjoys an acting career, starring in films such as Transformers: Dark of the Moon. He said that he doesn’t like to talk much about his life before moving to the States.