Etheridge had been working at her music virtually non-stop since the age of 11 before she was rocked by a breast cancer diagnosis in 2004 that forced her to halt everything, she explained to NBC. The star won her first Grammy for Best Female Rock Vocal with Ain’t It Heavy and another for Come to My Window. Since her health ordeal, the Etheridge has been careful about her health.  Following her diagnosis at the age of 43, in 2005, the star underwent a grueling course of chemotherapy and radiation treatment, which saw her ultimately recover from the disease. The ordeal made her look at life differently. To slow down a bit and look after her body. "My life became very simple. And it cleared up. And I had a completely blank slate and I can build it now the way I want to," she told Shape Magazine in 2009. She later told NBC News in 2015 that she was at her “healthiest”. "It excites me every day when I can wake up and feel energy and feel good and feel purpose. The changes I made were big and not easy,” she said. READ MORE: Cancer: Two warning signs known to show up in the face - they’re ‘likely’ to be ignored After her battle, she started consuming apple cider vinegar - a substance that has been touted for its many health benefits - and aside from that generally began to think about what she was consuming. She told Shape Magazine in 2009: "It's not about eating blandly or unimaginatively, but being aware of the food going into your body—where it comes from, what's been done to it." Talking about her consumption of apple cider vinegar, she added: "It's an old wives' tale, but it really is one of the best things you can put in your mouth.” Apple cider vinegar is made by firstly creating cider by exposing crushed apples to yeast to ferment the sugars in them and create alcohol. DON'T MISSHair loss: Three 'hair-care' habits causing permanent hair loss [ADVICE]Dementia: The vitamin deficiency that may cause decline [INSIGHT]Vitamin B12 deficiency: Two sensation in your feet to spot [TIPS] Bacteria then ferment the alcohol to turn it into acetic acid, the main compound in vinegar, which is also suspected by scientists to be where its numerous health benefits are. Vinegar is said to help reduce the risk of heart disease. Some animal-based studies have found that cider vinegar can lower the amount of cholesterol in your blood – which in high levels is strongly linked to the onset of heart disease. Some scientists have also done experiments to find out if it can help reduce the risk of cancer. Although more research is needed, laboratory tests found the acetic acid in apple cider vinegar effectively killed stomach cancer cells from rats and humans in a test tube. But the test is limited by the fact it was undergone in a laboratory rather than on a live person. Etheridge also underwent a mindset shift after her cancer battle. She said that chemotherapy had the effect of stopping the “chatter” in her mind. "I was lying there in chemo. I couldn't move because it was painful. I couldn't listen to anything. I couldn't have any lights on,” she said. "After weeks and weeks, I ran out of things to think about. That's when the chatter in my mind stopped and I realized that my body didn't define me. “It was what was inside and around it, this amazing spirit, this soul, that did." Breast cancer is the most common cancer in the UK and typically strikes those over 50. There is a good chance of treating the condition if caught early. To do that, you need to be on the lookout for symptoms. The NHS has outlined several of the main symptoms. These include a change in the size or shape of one or both breasts; discharge coming out either nipple, possibly streaked in blood; a lump in either of your armpits; dimpling of the breast skin; a rash surrounding the nipple and a change in the appearance of the nipples, such as becoming shrunken.