Eric Blackburn (played by Judd Lormand) took the SEAL Team fandom by storm in season five when he made an unexpected return into Jason Hayes’ (David Boreanaz) life. Following his promotion to Commander and Executive Officer of DEVGRU in the fourth run, many felt Lormand would be out of the series given his exit from Bravo but this luckily wasn’t the case. And now, thanks to a snap on his Instagram, Lormand has confirmed Blackburn will return for the show’s sixth run away on Paramount+ following its switch from CBS. In view of his 61.3k Instagram followers, Lormand sparked a meltdown among the SEAL Team fandom by snapping a key piece of Blackburn’s uniform. Not giving too much away in terms of plot, Lormand snapped a picture of Blackburn’s boots and socks, ready for his next mission in season six. The SEAL Team fan-favourite simply captioned the post: “Let’s go! Season 6. @sealteam_pplus.” And it didn’t take long for fans to weigh in with their excited reactions - including some of Lormand’s co-stars from the show. READ MORE: Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting Leading star Boreanaz showed his support by liking the post while True Blood and NCIS star Ashley Jones penned: “Woohooo!” (Sic) Members of the fandom too weighed in, with @lkirik6 commenting: “Hell yea, Blackburn! We are happy to see you!!” “Yes Blackburn is back!! Let’s go!!” @melbear26 replied while @zouzou.tz echoed: “Let’s hope we see more of Blackburn than we did last season. Show is not the same without him!” And @semajdebose remarked: “Can't wait for Davis and Blackburn scenes together in season 6.” Fellow SEAL Team fan @julie_83_ continued the praise: “So excited and happy for all of you, can’t wait to watch!!!” followed by a series of fire emojis. (sic) But what will the future hold for Blackburn and Jason when they return in the sixth season? With Blackburn normally a calming influence on Jason, it’s arguable his presence is needed now more than ever. Jason’s PTSD has been taking its toll on not just himself but Bravo as a whole, resulting in one or two fiery confrontations with the likes of Ray Perry (Neil Brown Jr) and others. DON'T MISS:NCIS' Jimmy Palmer speaks out as season 19 bags major new recordBig Bang Theory's Kaley Cuoco shares sad Flight Attendant updateNCIS season 20: CBS boss addresses Ducky’s future But fans will have to tune in when season six wraps filming and makes it to air to find out for sure. And while fans eagerly await another season of the hit military series, the SEAL Team universe is expanding onto the big screen too. Earlier this year, it was announced by CBS bosses that a SEAL Team movie was in the works - alongside an all-new NCIS spin-off, NCIS Sydney. George Cheeks, president and CEO of CBS and chief content officer for news and sports at Paramount+, said at the time: “These two projects represent two new ways we are expanding our studio footprint while supporting the company’s mission to drive streaming. “We have the producing roster, production infrastructure and deep library to be creative and nimble with franchisees and other IP for both domestic and international audiences.” The SEAL Team movie won’t act as a bridge between seasons five and six, however, standing alone as its own project. Blackburn’s involvement in the feature-length project currently remains unknown as to whether he’ll appear or not. SEAL Team season 6 will premiere on Paramount+ in the USA later this year. Season 5 continues Wednesdays on Sky Max and NOW in the UK.