Ukraine MP Kira Rudik stressed the necessity for western countries to provide Ukraine with more weapons as she explained that Russian forces are advancing “steadily” in the east of the country. Ukrainian soldiers “do not have enough heavy weapons and supplies” to fight back, she stressed after claiming the way Ukraine is fighting Russia is “actually miraculous”. Referring to a possible EU membership, she also said Ukrainian soldiers are “fighting for democratic European values” against Russia and added Ukraine “deserves to be part of the EU bloc”. Speaking at Times Radio, Ms Rudik said: “We have enough people to fight, but we do not have enough heavy weapons and artillery. “We do not have enough supplies. “This is the major problem right now. “That’s why we continue asking our allies, such as Britain, US, and European countries, to increase the amount of weapons supplies that is being sent to Ukraine. “We should not repeat Russia’s mistake when at the very beginning of the war Russians underestimated us. “Right now, we should not underestimate them. “They are moving, they are fighting, and they are moving slowly and steadily. “We are fighting the second largest army in the world. READ MORE: Putin's in turmoil as Russia 'will go broke really fast' “The way that we are stopping them is actually miraculous. “It is only right now that we are starting receiving the heavy weapons that we need badly that were promised to us one or two months ago.” She added: “We have been aiming to join the EU for the last ten years, and we have done all possible and impossible things from legislative, logistic, economical and other items as possible to show that we deserve to be part of the bloc. “Moreover, right now we are showing with our fight, with our blood, that we are fighting for democratic European values. DON'T MISS: ‘Monster’ Pelosi to lose UK-US trade deal veto in November [WATCH]'Where is good news in Brexit?' Andrew Neil challenges David Davis  [LISTEN]UK could face wrath of retaliatory tariffs from EU over NI Protocol [INSIGHT] “We are not doing it just with proclamation but with actual steps”. European Commission president Ursula von der Leyen announced that the EU executive is expected to make a recommendation by the end of the week on whether Ukraine should be issued a candidate status to join the EU. According to EU rules, Ukraine would need the support of all 27 EU governments before an official candidature status is given. In a press conference with Ukraine’s President Zelensky in Kyiv last Saturday, Mrs von der Leyen said: “We want to support Ukraine in its European journey”. “The discussions today will enable us to finalise the assessment by the end of next week”, she added. The Commission President's visit to Kyiv followed updates from Ukraine which shows that heavy fighting is continuing in the Donbas region. Referring to the situation in Severodonetsk, the city now at the centre of the war in Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelensky said Ukrainian soldiers are fighting “for every metre” of the city in the attempt to maintain control over the town.