Petrol prices in Wales have broken at the £2 a litre barrier for what is believed to be the first time - with a record high being recorded at Carmarthenshire's Pont Abraham services on the M4. On Tuesday morning, the price for unleaded petrol was more expensive than diesel at 202.9p a litre compared to 201.9p. Prices at Swansea West were also high with 202.9p for unleaded and 204.9p for diesel per litre, reported Wales Online. Prices across the UK continue to reach record highs and soared by almost 6p a litre at some forecourts over the Jubilee bank holiday weekend, while the RAC has declared a national fuel crisis and pleaded with the Government to step in. A Welsh driver submitted a photo of the forecourt at Leigh Delamere services on the M4 hitting 202.9p a litre for unleaded, and 204.9 for diesel. The RAC has called for radical government intervention after figures from the data firm Experian Catalist showed the average cost of a litre of petrol reached a record 177.9p on Sunday, up from 172.1p on 27 May. READ MORE: New law will force homes to have an electric car charger next week This means filling a typical 55-litre family car with petrol has become about £3 more expensive over half-term week. Diesel prices rose from 182.7p a litre to a record 185.0p a litre over the same period. The RAC fuel spokesperson, Simon Williams, expressed the fury of drivers and demanded more action from the Government after the 5p-a-litre cut in fuel duty earlier this year had little effect. He said: "A litre of unleaded is now a frightening 177.88p, while diesel is 185p, an increase of 2p already this month. With oil above $120 a barrel and sterling still at $1.2, worse is still to come. DON'T MISSWill petrol prices go down? 'Frightening' petrol prices pressure Sunak [SHOCKING]Angry drivers refute idea that half of car buyers will go electric [INSIGHT]Drivers urged to use hypermiling 'tricks' to increase fuel efficiency [HELPFUL] "Sadly, we expect to see the average price of petrol break through the 180p mark this week, with diesel moving further towards 190p. "More radical Government intervention is urgently needed, whether that's in the form of a further reduction in fuel duty or a VAT cut. As it is, drivers surely won't be able to cope unless something is done to help. This is fast becoming a national crisis for the country's 32 million car drivers as well as countless businesses."  Luke Bosdet, AA fuel price spokesman, said “shock and awe” are the only ways to describe what has been happening at the pump during the half-term break. He added: “Little wonder that nearly half of drivers stayed at home for the Jubilee extended bank holiday. “The forces behind the surge have been oil jumping back above 120 US dollars a barrel for the first time since late March, combined with petrol commodity prices being boosted by summer motoring demand.” Both organisations have demanded more action and intervention from the Government to attempt to address the issue.   Meanwhile, drivers could save more than three times the amount of money to run an electric car compared to a petrol or diesel equivalent, despite charging costs increasing. New data found that the average price to charge an electric car at a publicly accessible rapid charger increased by 21 percent in the last eight months. The research from the RAC and FairCharge found that it costs an average of 10p per mile to charge an EV using a rapid charger, compared to 19p per mile with a petrol car and 21p with diesel. On average, it costs £22.81 to charge a typical family-sized electric car to 80 percent compared to £18.81 which was the price last summer.