The first LIV Invitational Series tees off on Thursday at The Centurion Club in Hertfordshire. Fronted by former world No.1 Greg Norman and financed by the Saudi-owners of Newcastle United, the breakaway league has the stated aim to “modernise and supercharge the game of professional golf”. The slogan is: ‘Golf, but louder.” It aims for a quicker, sexier version of the game - like T20 cricket - to appeal to a younger, wide audience. There will be a shotgun start at 2pm - where all 48 players tee off at the same time - to fit the action into a shorter window instead of the usual staggered starts throughout the day.  There is no cut. The field is divided into 12 teams with IPL-style names - Poulter’s team is called the Majesticks - after an NFL-style draft on Tuesday night.LIV have pledged a $2bn total investment with $255m in prize money with $25m on offer this week. The winner banks $4m. The total prize money at last month’s US PGA was $15m while the recent US Women’s Open offered a record purse for women’s golf of $10m. There are eight events this year expanding to 14 from 2024. Additionally, there is a fan village and nightly concerts with Mel C and Jess J closing the event on Saturday night. What happens next:The PGA and DP World Tours did not give releases to appear here this week and have threatened sanctions against any players who tee up today. Former world No.1 Dustin Johnson has resigned from the PGA Tour to avoid any punishment.Greg Norman has promised to pay the fines and legal fees of any player penalised.The US Open has announced all players who have qualified will be allowed to play next week. The player who finished 48th and last still wins $120,000. Of the prize fund, $20m is for the individual event while $5m is for the top three teams with the winning team sharing $3m. Over the first two rounds, the best two stroke play scores will count for each team. For the third and final round, the best three scores will count, with the lowest overall team score after 54 holes winning the team event.  The LIV Golf Invitational 2022 schedule:June 9 – 11: Centurion Golf Club – LondonJune 30 – July 2: Pumpkin Ridge Golf Club – PortlandJuly 29 – 31: Trump National Golf Club Bedminster – New JerseySept 2 – 4: The International – BostonSept 16 – 18: Rich Harvest Farms – ChicagoOct 7 – 9: Stonehill – BangkokOct 14 – 16: Royal Greens Golf Club – JeddahOct 27 – 30: Trump National Doral – Miami 