Prince Harry and Meghan arrived at St Paul's for the ceremony to commemorate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The last time the pair were seen at an official royal event was during the annual Commonwealth Service at Westminster Abbey in March 2020.  The Duchess of Sussex looked elegant in a white outfit with a matching oversized white hat, while Prince Harry donned a smart black suit. The pair waved at the crowd as they arrived at the cathedral, but the crowds lined up outside the impressive building greeted them with mixed emotions. As referenced by the Sky News commentator, the pair received a welcome of both boos and cheers from the royal fans. Nevertheless, the couple continued to smile as they made their way up to the steps to take part in the momentous occasion.  The pair appeared affectionate as they held hands but Harry was snapped looking angry as some royal fans booed. Sky News commentator Rhiannon Mills commented on the relationship between Harry and Meghan and the rest of the firm, mentioning an "enormous snub". He said: "Consistently they have said how they love and respect the Queen. "But however the fact it was suggested they did not tell her about their plans to step away from royal life I think was seen as an enormous snub to a woman that so many of us hold in such high regard."   Despite receiving some boos, the couple were mostly greeted by cheers from the excited crowd. However, Prime Minister Boris Johnson was booed as he arrived at the cathedral on Friday. Mr Johnson attended the service with his wife Carrie at the thanksgiving service and faced jeers from onlookers as he got out his chauffeur driven car. Harry and Meghan are said to be keeping a low profile during their visit to the UK for the Jubilee celebrations.  Royal commentator Omid Scobie said: "I spoke with people close to the couple… who said that they want to be as low-profile as possible during this trip. “It’s almost hard to believe, but I think yesterday Trooping the Colour was a great example. We didn’t really catch sight of them on TV cameras.”  Given they are no longer working members of the Firm, they are only attending engagements open to the extended Royal Family.