Chas (played by Lucy Pargeter) is currently taking centre stage in a huge storyline on Emmerdale, as her mother Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter) has recently been diagnosed with secondary breast cancer. At the moment, she and her brother Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) are being kept in the dark about the news, but it's only a matter of time before the truth comes to light. This is likely to make for emotional on the ITV soap and it could be this is when Chas will reveal she gave up a baby for adoption when she was younger. It could be this secret comes out around the same time as Faith tells her daughter the truth because she could have helped Chas. In the past, Faith has been involved in her children's illegitimate babies as it was revealed a few years ago she knew Cain had a long-lost son. This turned out to be Nate Robinson (Jurell Carter) and following the secret being blown out of the water, she made her exit from the Dales. However, it could be she discovered her daughter was pregnant when she was a young mother of two and had to deal with Shadrach Dingle (Andy Devine) being an alcoholic. Due to the fact she didn't feel the house was safe enough to raise a child in, she could have forced Chas to give up her baby once it was born. READ MORE: Michael Le Vell age: How old is Coronation Street's Kevin Webster? This could have been the real reason Chas' relationship with Faith became so strained because she always resented her mother for making her give up her baby for adoption. As she learns Faith's cancer is incurable, Chas could decide to vent her anger over everything her mother has done wrong in her eyes. Of course, this would be masking the heartbreak she feels about the fact her mother is dying but she would need to get it out in the open. It's always been thought Aaron Dingle (Danny Miller) was her first born before she gave birth to her late daughter Grace and her two-year-old daughter, Eve. But there could be another child out there in the world who Faith could help her daughter track down before she dies. The secret could come out with Cain in the picture as well as he learns what his mother did in order to protect Chas' baby. Although she did it out of the goodness of heart, her son might not initially see it this way and this could lead to more emotional scenes. Faith could tell her children all she has ever tried to do is to make sure they didn't suffer the heartache she has during her life. As it seems all their secrets are now out in the open, will the trio be able to put their differences aside so they can be there for each other during Faith's final days? Speaking about what's to come, producer Laura Shaw said the Dingle siblings would be front and centre of the fallout from Faith's secret. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Rosie Bentham pleads for co-star’s return 'A lot of drama' [COMMENT]'Traumatising' Emmerdale's Mark Charnock humiliated on the train [COMMENT]Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley addresses behind the scenes ‘trouble’ [COMMENT] In an interview with Express.co.uk and other media, the soap boss said: "Cain and Chas is our most loved sibling pairing. "And they also have a lot going on as Faith's secret from the big week will impact them. "We're actually just about to start filming a really special episode that honestly made me cry just reading the script. "It explores more of a rich history and how their upbringing hugely affects the decisions they make in the present. "Beyond this, we will certainly see that not all those decisions are good ones," she added, hinting the drama isn't going to calm down for the iconic family. If it is revealed Chas' first baby got given up for adoption, it could be she will find them just days before Faith dies. Just as Nate's identity was exposed before she left the show in 2019, she could make her final departure just as she finds Chas' secret child. It will be hard for Chas to bond with the baby she gave up as she would also be having to deal with the grief of losing her mother. However, realising his sister could push her child away forever, Cain could step in to make sure she makes the most of this chance Faith gave her. Will Chas be able to look forward to the future, knowing she finally has her absent child back in her life? With Faith's latest storyline likely to air heartbreaking scenes, the actress who plays her, Sally, has spoken out about taking on such an important matter. The soap star said: "It's upsetting, but really important as a storyline because it's more than a storyline for so many people. "It matters to people who are going through it as well as people who will go through it. I "I feel a sense of real responsibility, but also a privilege to be doing this storyline.” Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.