Waitrose has recalled its Two British Hot Smoked Rainbow Trout Fillets due to the potential presence of Listeria monocytogenes, which may lead to illness if consumed. Two British Hot Smoked Rainbow Trout Fillets Pack size: 125g Use by date: June 11 (today). READ MORE: Co-op recalls tins of tuna because they may contain metal The supermarket said: "Waitrose is recalling the above product as a precautionary measure due to the potential presence of Listeria monocytogenes, which may lead to illness if consumed." Waitrose explained what customers should do if they have the product at home. "Do not consume. "Package up item. "Return the product to your local Waitrose & Partners branch for a refund." Those with further enquiries can contact Waitrose Customer Care via 0800 188 884, Option 4. The supermarket added: "We apologise that it has been necessary to recall this product and for the inconvenience caused." The Food Standards Agency (FSA) explained why sometimes products are recalled. "If there is a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold, then it might be 'withdrawn' (taken off the shelves) or 'recalled' (when customers are asked to return the product). "The FSA issues Product Withdrawal Information Notices and Product Recall Information Notices to let consumers and local authorities know about problems associated with food. "In some cases, a 'Food Alert for Action' is issued. "This provides local authorities with details of specific action to be taken on behalf of consumers." Listeriosis is an infection caused by Listeria monocytogenes. According to the NHS website, the infection usually goes away on its own but can cause major problems for some. Most will experience no symptoms or mild symptoms such as a high temperature of 38C or above, aches and pains, chills, feeling or being sickor diarrhoea. Some groups, including people who are pregnant, newborns, people aged 65 and over, people with a condition that weakens their immune system,people having treatment that weakens their immune system, and those with uncontrolled diabetes, are more likely to incur serious problems.