Dani Garcia, a Michelin star Spanish chef, has claimed Victoria Beckham, 48, caused problems with her dinner demands at a fellow celebrity's wedding. The chef claimed Victoria "changed [her] whole menu" due to her "complicated" requests. Dani said this happened in 2019 at the wedding of former Real Madrid footballer Sergio Ramos and model Pilar Rubio. He said on a Spanish TV show last night: "It was very strange. "Victoria Beckham changed the whole menu. It was very sad because when you make such an effort, not just me and my team, but the bride and groom and everyone else to create a unique menu. "Hers was totally different and just based around vegetables. READ MORE: Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux He continued: "And then there were some odd things that I’ve never seen in my life. "She had coconut water, all the time, a bowl of mints and then on the other side, hydroalcoholic gel which is very famous now but back then wasn't because the Covid pandemic hadn't started. "It was complicated giving Victoria her menu that night." Victoria's eating habits have hit the spotlight in the past, with her husband David Beckham, making a rare admission last year on a podcast. He admitted: "I get quite emotional about food and wine, when I’m eating something great I want everyone to try it. "Unfortunately I'm married to someone that has eaten the same thing for the last 25 years. "Since I met her she only eats grilled fish, steamed vegetables, she will very rarely deviate from that." Victoria, herself, even made the admission in the past that she doesn't eat food cooked in oil, butter or sauces and doesn't eat red meat or dairy. DON'T MISS... Gary Lineker addresses ‘difficult’ issue working with Alex Scott [INSIGHT] Adil Ray vocalises backs Lewis Hamilton after Piquet's racist remarks [OPINION] ‘Funny way of showing it’ Dan Walker hits out at Nick Kyrgios’ rant [COMMENT] She admitted last year that her comfort food was whole grain toast with salt on it. The fashion designer continued: "To most restaurants I’m probably their worst nightmare." Victoria was spotted yesterday at the French fashion preview. She wore a sheer lace mini dress and coordinated heels to the event. For accessories she wore a large pair of black shades and accompanied the look with a cropped black blazer. The fashion designer was joined by guests including French actor Vincent Cassel and his wife Tina Kunakey. It comes as the former Spice Girl's son Brooklyn married Nicola Peltz in a glamorous ceremony last month. The pair married on Nicola's fathers estate, Nelson Peltz, in Palm Beach, Florida.