Prince Harry and Meghan Markle returned to the UK for a brief stay to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in London last week. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been having a rather frosty relationship with several members of the Royal Family since their decision to step down from public life was announced in March 2020. Author Christian Andersen suggested the couple's hopes to mend fences were met with resistance as they were "meticulously choreographed" out of major family moments. Mr Anderson told Royally US: "The whole world was watching and waiting to see if fences would be mended, if the Sussexes got back together with the rest of the family. "From that standpoint, it was an unmitigated disaster. It's hard to see how the Royal Family could've been any more callous towards the Sussexes. "They were meticulously choreographed in every instant to be sidelined and marginalised. "If Harry went to London's Jubilee celebrations hoping to mend fences, that didn't happen." JUST IN: 'Didn't want Kate' Eugenie causes royal stir after CROPPING OUT Duchess from Jubilee pic He added: "They literally turned their back on him at St Paul's Cathedral. "It was handled in a very cold and somewhat heartless way." Meghan and Harry are known to have been attending Trooping the Colour but did not take part in the carriage procession traditionally reserved for working members of the Royal Family. They later appeared at the service of thanksgiving in St Paul's but skipped on a lunch at Guildhall other senior members attended right after. READ MORE: Lilibet birthday photo: Portrait exposes key difference between Meghan and Kate Mike Tindall, Princess Anne's son-in-law, later revealed minor royals organised a private lunch among themselves following Trooping the Colour as lunch with the Queen was reserved for royals appearing with her on the palace balcony. Mr Tindall said: "It was outstanding, to be fair. It was just great to be a part of. "We had a good cousins’ lunch on the Thursday. That was a highlight." Mike and his wife Zara Tindall were spotted sharing lunch with Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie, and their respective husbands Edoardo Mapelli-Mozzi and Jack Brooksbank. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle suffers 'spectacular decline and fall' in UK [ANALYSIS]Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations ‘worth every single penny!’ [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Should Princess Anne be considered for Queen? [VOTE] It is unclear whether Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were included in the plans. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex remained in Windsor during their stay and had a private meeting with Her Majesty during which they introduced their one-year-old daughter Lilibet Diana to Her Majesty. The girl also marked her birthday at her family's English home at Frogmore Cottage, which the Sussexes are set to continue leasing despite having their main home in California.