Britain’s favourite tennis event Wimbledon is happening on Monday June, 27 2022 and will see the top tennis athletes compete for the trophy. There’s no better way to enjoy watching the matches than with a refreshing glass of Pimm’s and find out where to get it for bargain prices here. Whether you’re going to a Wimbledon watch party at a friend’s house or hosting one, cheers to this year’s tournament with a classic Pimm’s drink. Sweet and refreshing, Pimm's has always been associated with the game and the first Pimm’s bar opened at the 1971 Wimbledon tournament. A summer staple, the classic Pimm’s No 1 Cup is a gin-based liquor that’s 25 percent ABV and is a delicious concussion of herbal botanicals, caramelised orange and lemonade. It’s most commonly mixed with lemonade and each year over 80,000 pints of Pimm’s and lemonade are sold to spectators at the tournament, making it one of Britain’s most loved cocktails. If you’re lucky enough to watch it live, you can buy a glass of Pimm’s for £8.50. However, you can also easily replicate the cocktail at home and buy a bottle for less than £10. Be quick to shop so that it arrives in time for the first match and here is where to buy cheapest Pimm’s. Amazon shoppers can buy a 70cl bottle of Pimm’s The Original No 1 Cup for £9.99, saving 33 percent off its original price. They can also get one litre of Pimm’s for £12, which is 40 percent cheaper than its original price. Plus, Prime members can get free delivery. Buy: Amazon (£9.99 up) Morrisons is also selling a 70cl size Pimm’s No 1 Original Cup for £9.99 and a one litre bottle for £12 online and in-store. Minimum order for online deliveries is £40. Buy: Morrisons (£9) The Bottle Club is selling a half bottle of Pimm’s for just £7.99, and it’s a great size to bring to parks, barbecues etc. If you’re looking to host a Wimbledon watch party, you can get a case of six 70cl bottles for £83.29, which saves £6.65 off original prices. Buy: The Bottle Club (£7.99 up) If you’re looking to get Pimm’s instantly, you can always order a last minute bottle on the Beat the Heat shop in Deliveroo's HOP rapid grocery section, where you can get hot weather items in as little as 20 minutes. A 70cl bottle of Pimm’s is available from £18 up. In addition, Deliveroo is running a competition where any customer who orders Pimm’s on Deliveroo will be entered into a draw to win two quarter-final tickets to Wimbledon – hurry before it ends tonight. Buy: Deliveroo (£18)