According to the Manchester Evening News, Rayner could be at the seen side of the stage as singer Lewis Capaldi entertained festivalgoers on the Parklife Stage. Capaldi belted out a number of fan favourites including Before You Go and Someone You Loved. Capaldi took the 7pm slot ahead of American rappers Tyler, The Creator and Megan Thee Stallion on the final night of Parklife 2022.  The Rayner was said to be "all smiles" on the sidelines of the Parklife Stage, which has seen some stand-out performances across the weekend. On Saturday, fans packed out Heaton Park to watch stars such as Headie One, Loyle Carner, and the US rapper 50 Cent - the latter's performance going down a treat with festival-goers. On Sunday, fans were delighted by performances from Raye and Arlo Parks, the latter appearing against a backdrop of sunflowers, and bringing some much-needed sunshine to proceedings after the heavens opened. Yesterday it was reported that Rayner described the Prime Minister as 'terminally out-of-touch' after it was reported he used taxpayers' money to fly to Blackpool in a private jet. The Mirror reported that the Prime Minister snubbed a three-hour train for the visit instead opting for his government plane. Rayner condemned Boris Johnson’s Blackpool trip by saying: “While a Tory Minister was insulting Blackpool as “godawful”, Boris Johnson was jetting in on taxpayers’ money, skipping the train and dodging voters during a botched relaunch of his doomed premiership. “This is a terminally out-of-touch Prime Minister who behaves like he’s on another planet and forces taxpayers to pay their hard-earned money for his privilege, all while the cost of living crisis bites.”   Capaldi's set at the festival was a huge hit. A review published on the MEN said: "The Scottish singer drew in thousands, with a crowd swelling past the engineering tent, encroaching into the Hangar’s turf. "He started off with Grace and kept landing blows. "There was Over The Line just as a kick off, which induced so much phone filming it became apparent that - to a lot of people, he means a lot. It was the Scot’s first UK show in three years, joking: “I don’t know what to say in between songs, it’s been so long since I’ve done it”. "If there was any question over his popularity remaining - something he admitted he was nervous about - this was a ringing endorsement that Capaldi is here to stay. Long live Lewis." 