Arsenal are still working on bringing in more recruits further up the pitch with Mikel Arteta's defensive unit now settled, but Edu now faces a £34million decision on William Saliba which may change things entirely. The Gunners signed Saliba during Unai Emery's reign back in 2019. The centre-back was immediately loaned back to St Etienne and has now played a single minute for Arsenal ever since. Arteta has made it clear on a number of occasions that he wants to keep Saliba at the club. And following an impressive loan spell at Marseille last season, Arsenal look set to give Saliba his chance in the Premier League for this upcoming campaign. But such was Saliba's impact at Marseille, the French club are eager to bring him in on a permanent deal. If Saliba does stay at Arsenal for the upcoming campaign, Arteta has solid choices at the back along with Gabriel and Ben White along with Rob Holding as a fourth option. That leaves Arsenal only needing to strengthen in attack while another midfielder along with Fabio Vieira may also be brought in. JUST IN: Arsenal 'aware' of Youri Tielemans transfer risk  However, Foot Mercato claim Marseille are ready to test Arsenal's resolve on Saliba's future. It is said that Marseille are willing to offer around £34m for the 21-year-old, who was named Ligue 1 Young Player of the Year for last season. Arteta and Edu's biggest test may well be convincing Saliba to stay with the Frenchman outspoken on a lack of opportunities at Arsenal. But Arsenal may also see the time is right to cash in on the talented centre-back and use the money elsewhere. Saliba is at least expected to join Arsenal for pre-season next month where he will likely want answers on his immediate future. DON'T MISS  “I belong to Arsenal, I still have two years left,” he told Telefoot. “I will be back with Arsenal. I have played zero matches and I still want to show them my true face and have the chance to play for these fans and this great club." Arsenal may well run the risk of keeping Saliba at the club but seeing his value diminish if a new contract isn't signed with his current deal expiring in 2024. The Gunners have already let the likes of Mesut Ozil, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette all walk away for free in recent years. To join the elite clubs, Arsenal will need to start how to extract the most out of the market with players in their current squad likely to help fund other transfers. But the gamble on Saliba is Arsenal may be letting go one of the best young central defenders in world football. An unenviable decision for Edu this summer, but if Arsenal already have the funds for what they need then selling up may not make sense right now.