Peaky Blinders recently hit Netflix globally after airing on the BBC earlier this year. But sadly, this is the last small screen outing for the show. Nonetheless, during its time on screens, the show is undoubtedly a jewel in the crown of the golden age of television and has amassed a huge fanbase from across the world. The coronavirus pandemic threw a spanner in the works and delayed filming on season six.   The BBC has confirmed well-loved Birmingham gangster drama Peaky Blinders will be wrapping up with its sixth and final series. There was previously speculation about the series coming to an end as it moves closer to World War II. Ceator Steven Knight said: “Peaky is back and with a bang. After the enforced production delay due to the Covid pandemic, we find the family in extreme jeopardy and the stakes have never been higher. “We believe this will be the best series of all and are sure that our amazing fans will love it. READ MORE:   “While the TV series will be coming to an end, the story will continue in another form.” While the show’s executive producer Caryn Mandabach said: “Along with our wonderful, supportive, partners at BBC and Netflix, we have been working diligently to ensure we can get Peaky safely back into production; the safety of our cast and crew is always our priority. “Thank you to all the Peaky fans who have been so unwaveringly supportive and patient. “Steve’s scripts are incredible and mark the end of an epic story that has entranced audiences since it first started in 2013, but the world of Peaky Blinders will most definitely live on.” READ MORE: Peaky Blinders: Why did Freddie Thorne star Iddo Goldberg leave? Peaky Blinders is expected to be returning for a big-screen outing but lead star Cillian Murphy recently confirmed he had no news. He explained to US entertainment site Deadline: "Genuinely nothing and I’d be as excited as anybody to read a script. But I think it’s good for everyone to have a little break. "That’s always a healthy thing and then we can regroup. Steve is an insanely busy and in-demand writer, but I know that he loves writing Peaky above all, I’m sure he’s told you the same. He adores it. So I think when the time comes, if there’s more story to be told, I’ll be there." Season six was again written by Knight with veteran director Anthony Byrne helming the episodes once more and giving fans one last dose of the cinematic style they've come to expect from the show. The new series picked up directly in the aftermath of the shocking cliffhanger involving Tommy, where it looked like the gangster was contemplating taking his own life following a huge betrayal. Heads rolled when Tommy does find out who was the turncoat among his family and close associates. DON'T MISS...Peaky Blinders season 5: Who betrayed Tommy Shelby? The 5 big suspects [INSIGHT]Cillian Murphy salary: How much does Cillian Murphy earn for Peaky? [ANALYSIS]Peaky Blinders: 5 shows to watch if you love Peaky Blinders [RECOMMENDATION] Rumours were running rife about who was behind the tip-off, which allowed fascist MP Oswald Mosley (played by Sam Claflin) to slip through Tommy's fingers. Season five aired in 2019 and there were hopes the sixth outing could be coming in 2020 but the pandemic put a stop to this. Peaky Blinders has become a global phenomenon after first hitting screens back in 2013, quickly establishing itself as prestige television with its Hollywood cast and production values. The show started off on BBC Two before its huge worldwide success saw it bumped up to BBC One and into a primetime slot. READ MORE: Peaky Blinders: What does Perish Judah mean as Mosley uses vile slur? A deal with Netflix, which holds international screening rights, helped to bolster the show's success outside the UK with non-English speaking viewers captivated by the mobster. Although fans may be disappointed to learn the series is going to be ending, Knight has always said he planned Peaky Blinders to be an Interwar story tracking the Shelby clan and their rise during this era. Knight told Express.co.uk exclusively back in 2017: "I’ve always had a pretty clear road map of how this works between World War One and World War Two, and it’s flexible in that you can get to the destination quicker or slower. "So in my mind, it’s probable that we’ll get there at the end of series five, it may be series six.” Peaky Blinders season 6 is streaming on Netflix now