Question of Sport aired its final episode in the current series on Friday as captains Sam Quek and Ugo Monye battled it out to win the series finale. Sam went into the instalment in the lead and it was up to Ugo to see if he good end the series level with his co-star. However, BBC viewers weren’t impressed with the quiz’s line-up of guests and took to Twitter to comment. On Sam’s team was singer-songwriter Chelcee Grimes who was a part of Soccer Aid’s 2022 winning Rest of the World team. Broadcaster Suzi Perry completed the team making history as the first all-female Question of Sport team. Meanwhile, Ugo was joined by Everton goalkeeper Asmir Begovic and Channel 4 Sport F1 commentator Billy Monger. Question of Sport viewers felt strongly about the teams not being made up of solely sports stars. Read more: 'He's awful!' Question of Sport fans slam captain's sports knowledge @ChrisDeityUK tweeted: “Who remembers when this programme was about sport and not celebrities? #QuestionOfSport #AQuestionOfSport #QoS #AQoS.” @Armaniiio wrote: “Accidently watched a bit of this episode since the format change, what absolute crock of.....! It's a painful watch. Please let it RIP. “@SueBarkerTennis, @matt9dawson & @philtufnell were an impossible combination to follow!” (sic) “So that series is now finally finished. I'm sorry, I gave it so many episodes but where was the; fun, laughter, team spirit, banter. Even some of the rounds, I often thought wtf was the point of that! Either, 2 new captains & a presenter or a complete redo #questionofsport #QOS,” @sparkles589 said. (sic) @manwith4kids shared: “Thank goodness that (failed) experiment is over. Back to normal service for the next series? Here's hoping.” However, @Jon_Startin replied: “Speak for yourself. I'm really enjoying it.” Top Gear’s Paddy, Sam and Ugo replaced Sue Barker, Matt Dawson and Phill Tufnell on the BBC show. The former tennis ace hosted the show for 24 years after taking over in 1997. DON'T MISSQuestion of Sport uproar as Naga Munchetty joins line-up [INSIGHT]Ugo Monye teammate defends star after Question of Sport backlash [INTERVIEW]Question of Sport viewers lash out over 'soulless' series [INSIGHT] Earlier this month, Sue announced she would be stepping down from hosting BBC’s Wimbledon coverage. In a statement confirming her departure, she said: “What a wonderful time I’ve had working on some of the biggest sporting events around the world. "I will miss it terribly but after 30 years I feel the time is right for me. I’ve worked with the best of the best." Tim Davie, Director General of the BBC added: “Sue Barker has been the face and voice of Wimbledon for three decades. “Many of our viewers will not know of a summer in SW19 without her. "She is a consummate professional, an outstanding presenter and a wonderful colleague, loved by current and former players, all of us at the BBC and audiences across the UK and beyond. “Her contribution to tennis, the BBC, sports presenting and for blazing a trail for women in broadcasting cannot be overstated. "We are looking forward to her leading our coverage, with all the style, warmth and knowledge she has displayed for the last 30 years, and we will say farewell with heavy hearts at the end of the tournament.” Question of Sport is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.