Weeds find ways to grow around us, even if we don’t want them to. They grow in gardens, patios, and open spaces and once they appear, they can seem hard to get rid of. In an open field, if you have ever seen dandelions and notice how pretty they are, remember they are weeds too. Those looking for natural ways to remove these plants, gardening experts at Simplify Gardening have shared how gardeners can use boiling water to resolve the issue. They said: “Weeds are pesky plants in our gardens that often destroy the planned or desirable plants. “If you want to use a natural alternative to get rid of weeds, boiling water can be used. “The easiest method is to pour the boiling water over the weeds and ensure it penetrates the ground where the weeds are growing. “Then cover your hands and carry the pot over to the designated area and pour over the weeds.” Weeds are actually plants in the wrong place. READ MORE: Why you should avoid killing ivy plants - ‘protects your building’ The unwanted plants that grow in controlled settings like farms or a garden are weeds. They could be normal plants or actual weeds that stop the growth of the desirable plants. They are usually invasive, and care has to be taken to remove them. The gardening pros explained that it is the transfer of heat that works to kill weeds. They said: “The logic behind this is the transfer of heat energy onto the plant, leading to the distortion of plant cells. “It is much more effective than air or steam and is one of the most effective energy transfer methods.” DON'T MISS: ‘Super cheap’ way to clean ‘dusty’ skirting boards - ‘the best way!’ [INSIGHT]Oven cleaning: ‘Extremely easy’ 29p way to clean your oven glass [EXPERT]Toilet cleaning: How to remove limescale from toilets using 13p method [TIPS] As well as being effective, this method is also “free”. The experts said: “Water is free, and this hot water method doesn’t use any chemicals, so it is a good option. “You’ll feel good knowing that you can get rid of all of your weeds without harming your other plants or the climate.” Before carrying out this method, gardeners need to ensure they dress in proper attire for safety to avoid accidental burns. Begin by filling a kettle with water and putting it on to boil. The gardening experts said: “The water is to be heated to a temperature of at least 200 degrees Fahrenheit. “Be sure that you check that temperature before going outside and start pouring the water. “Also, be sure you go as quickly as possible after heating the water to the weeds. “The water will rapidly decrease in temperature as you move it off the stove and into the garden.” When pouring the water over the weeds, it’s important to do it as “close as you can” to avoid it “cooling off in the air”, says experts. They added: “Otherwise, it won’t be as effective and might not kill the plants.” If that happens, the weeds will grow back, and gardeners will have to restart the entire process, so make sure to get it right the first time. For those looking for a permanent fix, the gardening gurus suggest pulling the dead weeds out after using boiling water. They explained: “A great way to make sure you get rid of the weeds for good is to use the boiling water method and then pull up the dead weed. “That way, you’ll kill the roots and get rid of the issue, if anything is left behind, it will already be dead and won’t be able to grow back again.”