Chancellor Rishi Sunak revised his package of cost of living support measures in late May, offering more support to the most vulnerable in society. However, many are unsure if these increases are up to par as inflation edges closer to double digits and finance experts like Martin Lewis predict daunting energy price cap rises. Finance expert Peter Komolafe shared his insights on the measures exclusively with Express.co.uk. He admitted “this round of measures isn’t perfect” and “we need something more substantive”. Mr Komolafe explained: “For example, childcare cost is a huge outlay for most families. Some support in that area would go a long way to relieving financial pressures. “The promised reduction to the basic rate of income tax from 20 percent to 19 percent teased in 2024, let’s see that implemented sooner to really put more money in the pockets of the public. READ MORE: Boris urged to scrap gas boilers by his own advisers - 'be bold and ban them' “Whilst some will argue that these measures are long overdue, I am asking if they go far enough and will they really help struggling households.” In late May, Mr Sunak announced the new measures which will be funded through a levy on the profits of oil and gas companies. The original package offered Britons £150 council tax rebate for households in bands A to D which would be a one-off payment not needing to be repaid. Alongside this was a £200 energy loan which would be repaid over the following five years. The new package has increased the energy discount to £400 and now it no longer needs to be repaid. Mr Komolafe commented that this component of the package is a “big tick in the box”, specifically because it doesn’t need to be repaid. He continued: “For households who have already seen their energy payment double, you could argue that the measures are a drop in the ocean. Personally, I have seen my gas and electric bill increase by £100 a month and that’s before the increase coming in October.” Additionally, £650 have been added for those on means-tested benefits, which is due to be dished out through two payments of £325 each. This support is available to those receiving the following benefits on the qualifying dates: An additional £150 will be provided in September for those claiming the following disability benefits: Finally, a one-off £300 payment exclusively for pensioners receiving Winter Fuel Payment was also announced, which is due to be paid in November or December with their usual Winter Fuel Payment. Mr Komolafe pointed out that the support for both those on benefits and pensioners may leave some people as outliers. He explained: “It doesn’t capture everyone. For example, there are millions of retirees who aren’t of state pension age who won’t qualify to receive the one-off £300 payment announced. The same applies for anyone who found themselves applying to receive benefits after May 25.”