Russian forces are currently engaged in a brutal battle to take control of the entire Donbas. Parts of the region were seized by Putin in 2014 and turned into the pseudo-states of the Donetsk People's Republic (DNR) and the Luhansk People's Republic (LNR). Fierce resistance from Ukrainian forces has inflicted heavy casualties on the Russian army, with some estimates claiming over 32,000 soldiers have been killed since the outbreak of hostilities. However, Moscow has avoided introducing a general military mobilisation to boost the number of its soldiers, instead choosing to call up conscripts from its occupied eastern Ukrainian territories. As a result, many citizens from the DNR and LNR have been arbitrarily drafted into the Russian army and forced to serve extremely long periods on the front lines. In a sign of increasing anger and discontent among the conscripts, an officer from a drafted military unit from the DNR publicly called on Putin to address their grievances in a video. He complained about their length of deployment, a lack of food and medicines, as well as violations to the mobilisation process. The officer from the 113th Rifle Regiment of the DNR said: "We have been based for practically the entire war on the front line in Kherson oblast without a break. "Our team has had to deal with hunger and freezing conditions. "For significant periods of time we have had no access to medical, material or food supplies." He added: "Mobilisation was conducted without the necessary medical checks. "Among those in our unit, I see people who according to the law of the Donetsk People's Republic should not have been called up in the first place. "There are people with chronic illnesses and physical ailments. "Our long uninterrupted service at the front raises many questions which our commanders ignore. READ MORE: Russia loses vital military equipment as a warehouse is set ablaze "I ask you, Vladimir Vladimirovich (Putin), to check the legality of our deployment." The officer stands in front of his men, as he reads from his prepared script. The video was later posted to social media channels where it was widely shared. Disturbing reports emerged later that the the officer was subsequently killed and his dead body dumped by his mother's house. Telegram user Anatoly Dremov wrote: "The appeal to the authorities by the commander of the first company of the fifth rifle battalion of the 113th regiment was made on June 1. DON'T MISSUkraine: Exact timeline of Putin's demise pinpointed [INSIGHT]You will be a scorch mark on the ground if a nuclear weapon is deploye [REVEAL]4.2 million Ukrainian homes’ power cut off by Putin’s war [NEWS] "On June 2 he was taken away to an unknown destination. "Today (June 3), they threw his body under the fence at his mother's house." Liudmyla Denisova, Ukraine's Commissioner for Human Rights, has claimed those refusing to be drafted in the Luhansk region have been threatened with execution. She said: "The Russian occupiers are searching the area for men who have moved deep into the occupied territories and to safer locations places to flee shelling. "They raid apartments, households, and suburban areas. Conscripts are taken away at gun-point, and in case of any resistance, the men are threatened with execution."