In a classic episode of BBC staple Antiques Roadshow, the art and antiques specialist was mesmerised by a weapon brought in by a guest, who explained it had been given to a relative by Albanian ruler Ali Pasha during the 1820s. When it came to valuing the item, Marc admitted he was "finding it difficult" to do so.  "It's a thing of absolute regal quality, royal quality," Marc commented as he observed the dagger. He continued: "And before I talk about it, I need to know something about its history." He turned to the owner and asked: "Can you explain that to me?" "Well it actually belongs to my cousin and it was acquired by his great-great-grandfather when he went to Albania in the 1820s. READ MORE: Bargain Hunt’s Roo Irvine opens up on ‘heart-breaking change in family "Family tradition says that Ali Pasha gave it to his great-great-grandfather and that's really as much as we know about it." Marc explained: "Ali Pasha was the king of Albania, in essence. "And he ruled the European side of the Ottoman Empire." Summarising, he went on: "So I can certainly believe that an item of such stupendous quality came from that sort of background." Ali Pasha was an Albanian ruler who served as pasha of a large part of western Rumelia. He ruled from 1788–1822, and the historical item was of great interest to Marc. Later, he had to look for anything that might decrease the dagger's value. He confessed: "You can see that there are a couple of odd little problems. DON'T MISS... A Place in the Sun's Ben Hillman shut down over 'claustrophobic' find [LATEST]Doctors star details new film role away from BBC soap [EXCLUSIVES]EastEnders theory: Bernie Taylor blackmails Rainie over Stuart [THEORY] "There is a little bit of damage here which detracts slightly. "But given the outstanding quality and workmanship of this particular dagger or knife, I'm finding it very difficult to think about putting a value on it." Leaving the guest in suspense for a moment, he eventually made his estimation. "I'm going to have to put £8,000 to £12,000 on this," he remarked as the guest and onlookers gasped. Smiling, the guest commented: "That's a lot for a dagger, isn't it?" Detailing the significance of the antique, Marc stated: "It's been a wonder for me to touch it and marvel over it, it really is." He thanked the guest for bringing it in before the show moved on. Antiques Roadshow is available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 