The Duchess of Sussex was accused of bullying staff at the Palace before she quit the firm as a working royal and moved to California with Prince Harry. An investigation was subsequently launched which led to the Palace “improving the policies and procedures” in its HR department, according to royal sources. However, the findings from the inquiry - which was paid for privately by the Queen - will never be published. It is understood they will be kept secret in an attempt to prevent stoking tension between the Sussexes and the Palace, as well as ensure the anonymity of those who took part. Courtiers have insisted the inquiry, which was launched in March last year, should “not be played out in public” to ensure those who took part feel “comfortable”.  It's believed that only "four or five" former members of the Sussexes' team were spoken to as part of the investigation. The couple were said to have had around 25 people working for them at times but nothing has been heard from those involved in the allegations since last summer. Two senior staff accused Meghan of bullying them while another former employee said she "humiliated" them. Another aide said she used "emotional cruelty and manipulation, which could also be called bullying". READ MORE: Royal Ascot horse pulling Princess Beatrice goes wild Meghan, 40, denied the allegations and later said the Palace was using the media to "peddle a wholly false narrative" during the couple's bombshell Oprah Winfrey interview. The HR changes made in the royal household were expected to be published in the annual Sovereign Grant report later this month. However, the Palace will not publish these changes which have been brought in by the investigation and has no plans to make a public statement, according to The Sunday Times. When the allegations came to light, Buckingham Palace said it would “not tolerate any bullying and harassment” and was “very concerned by the allegations”. DON'T MISS: Lilibet and Archie tipped to receive title from Prince Charles [INSIGHT]Harry savaged for 'turning back on family' as Britons fume at Megxit [ANALYSIS]Queen Letizia's £35k engagement ring may have scandalous history [COMMENT] A palace spokesperson said: “Members of staff involved at the time, including those who have left the household, will be invited to participate to see if lessons can be learnt. The royal household has had a dignity at work policy in place for a number of years and does not and will not tolerate bullying or harassment in the workplace.” Speaking of the claims, a royal source said: "The actual worst incidences haven’t come out. There are some harrowing stories to tell.” Another palace source said: “There’s a lot that could come out in the wash that hasn’t been told.” Harry and Meghan were not invited to take part in the inquiry, but Meghan’s solicitor, Jenny Afia, gave an interview to the BBC last year rebutting the claims. She said: “What bullying actually means is improperly using power repeatedly and deliberately to hurt someone, physically or emotionally. The Duchess of Sussex absolutely denies ever doing that. Knowing her as I do I can’t believe she would ever do that.” 