Princess Eugenie, 32, has had a small circle inked behind her left ear, which she showcased on Friday. It was spotted as she left the Platinum Jubilee Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral. Princess Eugenie wore a bright orange dress by designer Emilia Wickstead.  The brand is a long-time favourite of Kate Middleton, who also wore a Wickstead dress to the service. Eugenie’s hair was styled in a half-up, half-down fashion, which made her new tattoo visible. Do tattoos break royal protocol? Although members of the Royal Family have to follow strict dress codes, there is a surprisingly long tradition of body art in the monarchy.  READ MORE: Prince William embraces Mike Tindall - 'provider of support & banter' However, it is unlikely the Queen would approve of tattoos. In 1862, Queen Victoria’s son Albert, later King Edward VII, was one of the first royals to get a tattoo. He had a Jerusalem Cross tattooed on his arm during a visit to the Holy Land. Two decades later, King George V, the Queen’s grandfather, was tattooed during a trip to Japan.  He was just 16 when he got a dragon and a tiger on each of his arms. King George and his brother, the Duke of Clarence and Avondale, served as midshipmen on the HMS Bacchante. They got the tattoos to remember their trip to the Far East. Princess Eugenie is not the first modern-day member of the Royal Family to get a tattoo either.  Lady Amelia Windsor, the granddaughter of Prince Edward, Duke of Kent, has a heart-shaped design on her rib cage and a tiger on her shoulder blade. Many wondered what the circle could mean to Princess Eugenie. A spokesperson from Tattoo SEO said: “One of the most basic, yet powerful, symbols, the circle is a representation of the universe in its most simple form. “It is a primal symbol that portrays life and the cycle that leads to death and back to life again.  “The circle represents the cyclical nature of the universe and all life on earth,” they told OK! Magazine. The tattoo seems even more important right now for Eugenie, who recently announced she is splitting her time between the UK and Portugal. This is because her husband Jack Brooksbank is reported to have been offered a million-dollar job. Other royal fans on Twitter thought the tattoo could represent October, which was the month Eugenie and Jack tied the knot in 2018. 