Liz Truss, for example, has consistently demonstrated that she has more than sufficient capacity to handle her EU counterpart, Maroš Šefčovič. Indeed, a lady who can hold her own and then some with that odious Russian Foreign Minister has what it takes to send any aspiring moron packing. She can “Thatcherise” where it counts. The time is surely fast approaching though where Ms Truss has to call time on the EU and make it clear this can is not going to get kicked down the road anymore. The Protocol is heaping huge difficulties on the NI community, both loyalist and republican, and will continue to do so until it is dumped in the trash. It doesn’t help of course that Sinn Fein secured the most votes in recent elections that enables them to head a devolved government. The unionists are getting slapped in the face at will with the potential for a resurgence in sectarian conflict being on the rise. Let’s pause for a second and just think about that. Sinn Fein stand front and centre for a “United Ireland”. Unionists want to remain as part of the UK. For their part, the EU would welcome anything that serves to undermine the Brits as they have time and again since the withdrawal agreement was signed. Keep in mind all of this posturing is driven to keep the European experiment alive. Nothing more, nothing less. Third party interests are at the forefront. If we stand idly by then we will allow surrender of our sovereignty to have been achieved by stealth. Regardless, see this for what is. It’s a stitch up by the EU, period. EU political considerations always seem to transcend common sense, rarely is any due regard given to genuine needs or proper accountability, they simply think they don’t need to worry. These are but two of the reasons why Brits voted to bin EU membership back in 2016. The present government in general and Boris Johnson in particular have been gifted an opportunity to relocate from their present wallow somewhere in the political swamp. Say what you like, like him or loathe him, BoJo knows how to win elections. Who saw 2019 electoral tsunami coming? He has a unique ability to connect with people, to engage, to energize. And if you think for one moment that he’s past his sell by date then think again. Those baying for his head are suffocating bores. No politician has a right to piously stand before us hand on heart as some kind of virtuous person, because we've seen it all before and we're not buying. So any parliamentary Conservative rebels including pretenders to the No10 throne would do well to give serious thought to the potential consequences of their nonsense. You can understand Labour making a meal of this, likewise the EU. There’s always political capital to be made in a situation like this, or its certainly seen that way. That being the case why on earth precipitate a political crisis the real result of which would probably herald Sir Keir Starmer as PM and a pathetic surrender to Brussels? Remember Labour would likely have to seek the cooperation of both the LibDems AND the SNP to grab the keys. That is an appalling prospect. The Conservatives broke down the red wall in the north in 2019 largely due to a Brexit minded PM with a larger than life presence. Boris delivered. Dispose of him now at your peril. Labour, the SNP, the LibDems AND the EU Commission would love nothing more than to see Boris sent packing. Forthcoming by-elections are likely to see the Conservatives take a drubbing. Not so much because policies advocated by the LibDems hold universal appeal. On the contrary, a combination of voter apathy and anti-Tory sentiment because of the excessively amplified outrage at partygate will be the biggest influencers. Damaged he might be but the Johnson ship still floats and steams ahead. There simply is no alternative in the Tory Party who has what it takes to lead the country out of this at the moment. Boris is it……. for now.