Prince Harry had previously expressed concerns about the level of security he and Meghan Markle would receive once they stepped down from the Royal Family in 2020. The Duke of Sussex last year launched legal action against the Home Office to appeal the decision not to provide his household with the same level of protection as working royals would. But the row appears to have been temporarily shelved as Prince Harry is expected to return to the UK this week with his wife and children to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee. GB News presenter Isabel Webster noted: "Harry and Meghan are getting involved, bringing their little ones. "I thought that Prince Harry thought it wasn't safe to bring his family over. What's the latest on that row? "He was suing the Home Office, wasn't he? He feels safe enough to come now?" Daily Express' Royal Roundup host Pandora Forsyth suggested the Sussex household spent months negotiating security arrangements for his family to return in June. JUST IN: Queen's Platinum Jubilee security fears as 'fixated' fanatics could disrupt celebrations  Ms Forsyth said: "He was. "We won't know all of the details about when they are arriving due to the security but I think the fact they are arriving the Queen will be very happy about. "They'll be staying in the cottage but we won't know lots of details because of this. "I think there's been months and months of organisation between the US and the UK on this. READ MORE: 'No safety concerns!' Queen's flight to London aborts landing due to 'lightning storm'  "And they must've come to some kind of agreement. It won't just be Harry and Meghan, and the children who'll be needing security." She added: "All of the Royal Family will be there with the head of the Royal Family, the Queen, who'll need the most security." According to The Mirror, the Duke of Sussex was provided "cast-iron assurances" that his wife and children would be secure during their stay in the UK. Sources speaking to the paper's royal editor Russell Myers claimed Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will be flying back with a private security team before passing under the protection of the Met's Royalty and Specialist Protection unit. DON'T MISS 'Stop PR attack!' Meghan's half-brother erupts over dad's treatment [OPINION]Meghan Markle should ‘do the right thing’ and visit her father [COMMENT]Richard Madeley blasted for 's*** stirring' in Meghan Markle GMB chat [VIDEO] The Duke of Sussex's legal team had previously told the High Court the family was "unable to return home" amid concerns of lax security compared to previous arrangements. The royal had reportedly offered to personally pay for the protection of the specialist team but was warned Met officers were not "guns for hire." Only last month Prince Harry had cast doubts over whether he would return for the Jubilee during his stay in The Netherlands to attend the Invictus Games. Speaking to TODAY host Hota Kotb, he said: "There’s lots of things, security issues and everything else. "So this is what I’m trying to do - trying to make it possible that I can get my kids to meet her."