Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said Britain has purchased and is refurbishing more than 20 long range guns from a Belgian arms firm which it is sending to Ukraine. The heavy weapons fire 155mm rounds.   Mr Wallace, speaking after a meeting of NATO defence ministers in Brussels, said: "We are deploying over twenty 155 self propelled guns that we have purchased on the global market, we have refurbished them and they're starting to go in and they have a much longer range." It comes a day after the Defence Secretary announced the UK would soon deliver multiple rocket systems to Ukraine which has called on Western countries to send weapons to help repel Russia's invasion. Mr Wallace told reporters in Oslo on Wednesday: "I think it's imminent, their delivery, and the munition has to go alongside." Kyiv has made repeated calls for more heavy weaponry as its troops struggle to defend the Donbas region in the east of Ukraine.   Ukraine's Deputy Defence Minister Ganna Maliar said on Wednesday her country had only received about 10 percent of the arms it needs. President Volodymyr Zelensky said on Tuesday that his country's forces have been suffering painful losses, fighting Russian troops in the eastern city of Sievierodonetsk and the Kharkiv region. He said Ukraine needed modern, anti-missile weapons now, adding there could be no justification for Western allies to delay the delivery of armaments. Ukrainian troops are battling to stop Russian counterparts from seizing more of the breakway Luhansk and Donetsk regions of Ukraine.  READ MORE ABOUT MALTA'S PASSPORT U-TURN FOR BRITONS   But to turn the tide of the war it needs game-changing, foreign-military assistance. A senior lieutenant fighting for Ukraine going by the nom de guerre Mace told Rolling Stone: "The biggest problem is the artillery. The Russians just have so much." Asked about US-supplied, long range artillery, he said: "It’s just starting to show up on the battlefield. There’s just too much [Russian] artillery. Too many tanks. We are fighting too hard." Oleksandr Motuzianyk, spokesman for Ukraine’s Defense Ministry, described changing Russian tactics, saying: "They’re using combined arms and air support more effectively."  Senior Ukrainian presidential aide Mykhaylo Podolyak told the BBC between 100 and 200 Ukrainian troops are being killed on the front line every day. Mr Zelensky said Ukraine is grateful for arms deliveries to help against Russia's invasion and expected to receive heavy weaponry, including modern rocket artillery and missile defence systems. He added: "Every day of delay or postponed decisions is an opportunity for the Russian military to kill Ukrainians or destroy our cities. There is a direct correlation: the more powerful weapons we receive, the faster we can liberate our people, our land. "Russian aggression against Ukraine is aggression against all of Europe, against all united Europe, against every one of us, against our values."     The UK, US, and Germany this week announced they have committed to sending Ukraine Multiple Launch Rocket Systems (MLRS) with Guided MLRS (GMLRS) rockets. Ukraine requested the kit which will allow its armed forces to engage with Russian troops with fire at ranges up to 70 kilometers. Washington announced earlier this month it would provide four M142 High Mobility Artillery Rocket Systems (HIMARS) and GMLRS munitions.  London has also announced it would donate three M270 MLRS launchers with GMLRS munitions. Germany's Minister of Defense Christine Lambrecht said on Wednesday that Germany would transfer three M270 Mittleres Artillerie Raketen System (MARS) launchers and GMLRS ammunition from Bundeswehr stocks.   Meanwhile, the leaders of Germany, France and Italy - criticised in the past by Kyiv for their support being too cautious - visited Ukraine in a display of solidarity with the country. Mr Zelensky said after meeting Chancellor Olaf Scholz he felt strongly that Germany would be a help in addressing Ukraine's air defence needs. Mr Scholz also pledged to support "a positive decision" over Ukraine and Moldova's wish to join the European Union.