Arsenal are set to make Fabio Vieira their second confirmed signing of the summer after Marquinhos. The Gunners will pay Porto £30million plus a potential further £4m in add-ons for the attacking midfielder. But Mikel Arteta still has plans to add several more new players to his squad, and Express Sport looks at more additions Arsenal could make before August 31st. There are conflicting reports over whether or not Tielemans is still wanted by Arsenal due to Vieira’s arrival. Many would argue the Belgian tempo-setter is still needed, and he could be the long-term successor to Granit Xhaka. Certainly the north Londoners have long been interested in Tielemans and so a deal cannot be ruled out this summer. At 25, he’s ready for a step-up after three seasons at Leicester and Arsenal can provide that if they realise their potential under Arteta. Tielemans could form a strong partnership with Thomas Partey with Vieira, Martin Odegaard or Emile Smith Rowe then the No 10 options. Best of all, it appears the former Anderlecht ace is available for around £30m which would represent a sound investment given his talents. Jesus to Arsenal seems only a matter of time with Manchester City ready to sell the striker for the right price. It’s thought that price is around £50m, with Arsenal having a £30m opening bid rebuffed. The Brazilian has returned 95 goals and 46 assists in 236 City games but his minutes translate to just 159 full 90-minute games. He might flourish further with more starts. He’s a player Arteta already knows from his time at City, can also play out wide and is still just 25. There’s also the fact he has a point to prove that he can be the main man somewhere after his back-up role at the Etihad. Arsenal are one of several clubs keen on Leeds United’s Raphinha and it’s not hard to see why. One of the best right-sided wingers in Europe, the Brazilian has shone at Elland Road since a £17m switch from Rennes. He scored 11 Premier League goals last term even though the Whites flirted with relegation. Raphinha would cost around £50m, like Jesus. But at 25 and already accustomed to the rigours of the Premier League, he’s as readymade as it gets for Arsenal and could easily play in a team competing to win the Champions League. He could be the wide-man Arsenal thought they were getting in Nicolas Pepe. But there are high-profile rivals whom Arteta will have to beat to his signature, like Barcelona and possibly Tottenham. Arsenal have had a £25m bid rejected for Martinez, the Ajax defender who can play at centre-back and left-back. His versatility would practically make him two signings in one. With William Saliba at the Emirates now, the Argentine might more regularly play at full-back. He could also rival Gabriel Magalhaes for the left-sided centre-back spot. Martinez is accomplished in either position and is a technical ball-player. He only turned 24 in January and has a long career ahead but has ample experience courtesy of 100-plus Ajax appearances.