The new savings account from Ahli United Bank has piqued the interest of money experts at independent financial company Moneyfacts. They said it was an “excellent” option for people if they can afford to lock away their savings for a year. It’s been an interesting few weeks for savers as banks slowly respond to the Bank of England interest rate rise of 0.25 percent to one percent in May. This week another UK bank has launched a new savings account which offers an extremely competitive rate for savers at 2.55 percent. However, people will need to be comfortable with locking away their savings for a year to benefit from this rate. Rachel Springall, Finance Expert at Moneyfacts.co.uk, said: “This week Ahli United Bank (UK) plc has taken a notable position within the short-term fixed savings arena, with the launch of its One Year Fixed Term Deposit through Raisin UK.” READ MORE: Thousands of Britons could be owed payout after DWP underpaid £2.6b She continued: “The deal pays 2.55 percent gross and may well appeal to savers who are comfortable with locking away their cash to secure a competitive return over the shorter-term. “Overall, this account receives an Excellent Moneyfacts product rating.” To open an account savers will need to invest at least £1,000. The maximum amount they can earn this interest on is £85,000. DON'T MISSGas boilers MUST be banned Boris Johnson’s ‘tsar’ insists [ALERT]Millions to get extra £650 payment in next few weeks [UPDATE]Smart meter warning: Households losing £429 a year [WARNING] The savings account offers: The account can be opened through Raisin where a £25 Partner Bonus can be claimed on savings accounts with a minimum of £10,000. However, this might not be the best option for people who need instant access to their savings. Moneyfacts also singled out Coventry Building Society for its Easy Access ISA online account. Ms Springall, said: “Coventry Building Society has launched a new Easy Access ISA to its range which pays 1.05 percent." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea She continued: "The deal may well appeal to savers looking to take advantage of their ISA allowance but wanting an account that provides flexibility. "Savers can invest from just £1 from the outset and transfers in are accepted. "Overall, this receives an Excellent Moneyfacts product rating.” People can check out more money comparisons on the Moneyfacts website. 