WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD FOR MS MARVEL EPISODE 1 AHEAD. The MCU has a new origin story as Ms Marvel hits Disney+ today, following teenager Kamala Khan who receives powers from a mysterious family bracelet she puts on towards the end of the first episode. Surprisingly, there was an end credits scene already, featuring a character from Spider-Man: No Way Home. The Ms Marvel end credits scene sees a woman watching a clip of Kamala using her powers at Avengers Con that has gone viral on the internet. She takes the phone and shows Special Agent P Cleary, who works for the Department of Damage Control. Having seen the footage, he asks his colleague to bring Ms Marvel in. MCU fans will remember seeing Cleary, played by Arian Moayed, in Spider-Man: No Way Home. Cleary was the agent tasked with investigating Peter Parker after his identity as Spider-Man was revealed to the world by Mysterio at the beginning of No Way Home. As pointed out by Screen Rant, in Marvel Comics Damage Control is a company dedicated to cleaning up after superhero battles take place. In the MCU, the organisation was founded after the Battle of New York in 2012’s The Avengers. It began as a joint venture between Iron Man’s Stark Industries and the US federal government. DON'T MISSThor Love and Thunder trailer theory: Thor will die – Listen to Korg [THOR]Tom Hardy’s Venom 3 announced by Sony PLUS Ghostbusters 5 and more [VENOM 3]Thor Love and Thunder first reactions ‘Standing ovation, they love it’ [THOR] Now in the 2024 setting of Ms Marvel, Damage Control appears to be its own agency, seeking to enforce the Sokovia Accords from Captain America: Civil War that stamped down on superhero vigilantism without US government oversight and approval. Having been assigned to investigate both Parker and Khan, it looks like superhero teenagers are Cleary’s focus, suggesting that Marvel Phase 4 is setting up the Young Avengers. Perhaps he’ll be the main villain in the show going forwards? Ms Marvel is streaming on Disney+, with a new episode every Wednesday. SOURCE