The message circulating claims the recipient has been “in close contact with a person who has tested positive for Omicron” – the latest variant of the coronavirus. It then urges the person to order a test kit via a link which is in no way linked to the NHS, despite containing the word “omicron” in the domain name.  The link leads to a website that appears convincing, mimicking the style and layout of the genuine NHS website. However, it falsely claims that the new variant “appears dormant in the original test kits”, which is why “we have had to make new test kits”. The website then asks for personal and bank details, purportedly in order to provide the new tests. The texts tended to be sent in the early hours of the morning in the past few days, from UK mobile numbers beginning 07305.  READ MORE: Naga Munchetty reacts as BBC News host issues plea after NHS scam One person received the message yesterday (Saturday) at 2.35am, and remarked that “so many people must have been scammed through this” owing to its convincingness. Christine Bovill, a singer, received one at 5.38am on Saturday “asking for card details”, while another said their son had received one last week. The two numbers have collectively had nine reports just today, all indicating an NHS Covid scam. On Friday, author Marika Cobbold was sent a similarly-worded text, from “Trace Alerts”.  This one linked to a website which featured “NHS” in the subdomain to make it appear more authentic. However, the website is registered and hosted on a Russian server – suggesting it is a Russian scam. Researchers have observed a rise in the number of scams and cyber-attacks by Russian actors since Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine – believed to be an effort to destabilise the West. In May, Russian-linked hacker group Killnet announced it would conduct cyber-attacks on a number of countries, including the UK, after a thwarted attempt to disrupt the Eurovision Song Contest.  DON'T MISSGrant Shapps condemns train strikes as 'big mistake' [INTERVIEW]BBC Weather: Soaring UK temperatures return within days [FORECAST]Netflix wants Harry and Meghan 'to explain why they were booed' [VIDEO] The latest round of Omicron texts is just the latest iteration of a scam that arose to prevalence from the outset of the pandemic, playing on people’s fears and uncertainty. Scammers used Covid testing, lockdown fines and fake infection prevention medicines to extort worried Britons. The online thieves use phone calls, texts and emails to convince isolated individuals to hand over their details. Not only has the threat of omicron waned and the need to test and isolate if Covid-positive comes to an end in England and Scotland, but the pre-existing polymerase chain-reaction (PCR) tests were able to detect it.  When the newest variant still appeared as a potential threat to the NHS in February, police warned of scam texts trying to gain personal and banking details for omicron tests. Hertfordshire Constabulary stated at the time that seven people had reported the scam in their jurisdiction, asking for the recipient to pay for postage and packaging as a way to gain bank details. Official texts from the NHS will never ask for payment or ask for bank details.  Detective Inspector Pete Hankins, from Hertfordshire Constabulary’s Serious Fraud and Cyber Unit, said: “Fraudsters are very quick to adapt their tactics to take advantage of circumstances, like the pandemic. “If you receive any unsolicited messages or calls, you should always be sceptical. Avoid clicking links in text and email messages, check out the website directly via a search engine to make sure you are visiting a genuine site.” 