One of the most commonly recommended acts to take part in is exercise; the NHS recommends at least 150 minutes (two-and-a-half hours) per week. However, one study from India published in the journal Frontiers in Public Health suggests one of the most effective forms of cholesterol-lowering exercise is yoga. The study found levels of "bad" cholesterol went down after just one month. Researchers said their study was “inspired by the [Indian] PMs’ visit to Chandigarh, when a large number of people lined up to earn coupons to perform yoga with their leader. This increased the sample size of individuals which scientists from other countries were not able to recruit.” READ MORE: Neil Fox health: DJ on how he manages his chronic condition The eventual participant number was 281 people including 195 with co-morbidities and 86 without. After a month, the cholesterol levels of all participants were measured. Results showed levels of LDL cholesterol fell compared to readings taken at the start of the trial. Researcher Kausha Sharma added: “Our results have shown women are more responsive towards yoga practices. However, our study does not provide a direct link between the protective role of female hormones and yogic practices.”  Furthermore, as well as exercise, there are other ways for people to reduce their cholesterol. These include eating less fatty food, quitting smoking, cutting down on alcohol, and certain medicines. Statins work by reducing the amount of cholesterol produced in the liver. People who take statins will likely have to take them for the rest of their life. In common with other medications, statins can result in some side effects such as:• Headache• Dizziness• Feeling sick• Feeling unusually tired or physically weak• Constipation• Diarrhoea• Indigestion• Farting• Muscle pain• Sleep problems. All potential side effects of statins will be present on the leaflet present with each packet of medicine. Should a side effect not listed occur, the patient can still report the issue. They do this through the Yellow-Card Scheme. Set up in the mid-20th Century, this scheme allows patients to report issues with medicines and medicinal products. Once the government has reviewed a query, it can choose whether to take action.