The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's family will inevitably be the focus of the attention of many during the Jubilee celebrations as they are the ones tasked to lead the Royal Family into the future, royal commentator Martin Townsend believes. The senior specialist partner at Pagefield communication told Express.co.uk: "There is a lot of hope pinned to the Cambridges and the children because they are the ones who are going to take the Royal Family forward so they will certainly be at the centre of everything." ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** However, the former editor of the Sunday Express stressed the Jubilee will be about the Queen and her extraordinary reign. Asked if the Jubilee will partially focus on Kate and William given their future roles of Princess and Prince of Wales first and Queen Consort and King later, he said: "I think it will be very much about the Queen. "The Cambridges and their children can't help being one of the focuses of it but it is going to be very much about the Queen and will want it to be this way. "And also about Charles, I mean it's very important to bear in mind Charles is the heir. "There is going to be a bit of a focus on him and Camilla as well in a sense that there is going to be a change in the guard eventually within the family. "The more distant future of the family is tied up with the Cambridges but this will be very much a celebration of the Queen and the Queen's reign, which is pretty much extraordinary." Kate and Prince William are expected to play a key role during the upcoming extended bank holiday weekend. They will attend many of the Jubilee events taking place between June 2 and 5. And their children have been tipped to play an active role during some of the events. READ MORE: The Queen grew up in a 'palace with a number and no name' - see inside As it happened in June 2019, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis are likely to step onto the Buckingham Palace balcony to watch the RAF flypast at the end of the Trooping the Colour parade. However, they have also been tipped to take part for the first time in the carriage ride part of the parade which leads up to the Palace. Their father Prince William was Prince Louis's age when he first took part in this engagement. The three young royals have also been tipped to join other non-working and working members of the Firm to attend the service of thanksgiving for the life and reign of the Queen. This poignant service will take place on the morning of June 3 at St Paul's Cathedral. The Cambridge children may also appear during the Platinum Jubilee pageant on June 5. And, according to royal sources, Prince George may take centre stage on the last day of celebrations as the Queen is reportedly planning a second balcony appearance to showcase the future of the monarchy. This appearance, the Mirror wrote, would see Her Majesty step out of her London residence at the end of the pageant alongside her son and heir Prince Charles, Prince William and Prince George. Kate and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, would also join the senior royals - as may Charlotte and Louis. On the other hand, George, Charlotte and Louis are not expected to join their parents on Saturday afternoon, when they will travel to Cardiff on behalf of the monarch. In Wales, they will attend the Cardiff's Platinum Jubilee Celebration Concert, set to finish by 7am in time for Welsh royal fans to also watch the BBC's Platinum Party at the Palace concert. While in the city, they will be introduced to the crew at Cardiff Castle as well as learn about the show's lighting, sound and visual effects before rolling up their sleeves and helping with some final preparations. Kate and William aren't the only ones to travel across the country during the upcoming bank holiday. On Friday, Princess Anne and her husband Sir Timothy Laurence will head to Scotland to tour Edinburgh Zoo before meeting with children for an animal handling session in the Rainforest Room. Moreover, Anne will visit the HMS Albion. Sophie, Countess of Wessex, and Prince Edward have been tasked to head to Northern Ireland, where they will meet children taking part in street performances, join arts and craft sessions and meet people ready to share their personal memories of meeting the monarch over the years.