Muhammad Ehsan, 44, was told by his GP to head to A&E as he feared he may need emergency surgery on his colon. The father of two claims he had to sit on a "hard, plastic" chair with a "really sore stomach" after being told there were no beds available at Royal Oldham Hospital. After waiting for more than one day, Muhammad was sent home with medication. Speaking to Manchester Evening News, the dad said: "The consultant said he was really worried my colon might have burst and that I could need emergency surgery, which would only be possible if I was in a hospital bed. "They then sent me a letter saying that they are not responsible if something goes badly wrong because I am not listening to their advice, so it felt like I had to go. "A doctor told me he’d try his best to get me a bed within a couple of hours, but no one got back to me until I’d been there about 26 hours. "I had to sit on this hard, plastic chair while I had a really sore stomach and was deteriorating. No one offered me any food until a staff member brought me a sandwich around 23 hours into the wait. I couldn’t even eat it because it wasn’t suitable for vegetarians and wasn’t Halal. "It was a nightmare on top of what I was already dealing with."  Muhammad, who is a retail worker, has colitis, a condition where the colon and rectum can become inflamed. "I asked a staff member if I could go home and lie down, and then be called when there was a bed free," the dad, from Rochdale, Greater Manchester, continued. "But I was told that if I left the building, I’d have to be discharged and then start the process again. A doctor came back to check me and said again that there weren’t any beds, and that he didn’t know when there would be any available." After the patient’s X-ray and blood tests results came back, medics sent Muhammad home with more steroids - medication he is already taking - he claims. In total, Muhammad says he was waiting from 11.30am on May 23 until 6.30pm on May 24. The consultant's letter about Muhammad's colitis "flare", reads: "[Muhammad's] current symptoms meet the criteria for acute severe colitis. I strongly advised Mr Ehsan that he should be admitted to hospital today for inpatient assessment, and likely for inpatient colectomy." The NHS' operational standard is that at least 95 percent of patients attending A&E should be admitted, transferred or discharged within four hours, after which the case can become a "four-hour breach". If a patient is waiting longer than 12 hours from the moment an A&E doctor decides to admit them to hospital, it constitutes a "12-hour breach".   Royal Oldham Hospital, which has nearly 200 beds, was under extreme pressure late last year as ambulances waited up to "12 hours" outside the building. It was hit with sweeping IT failures last week, which caused systems across the hospital to become inaccessible or extremely slow. Dr Chris Brookes, Deputy CEO and Chief Medical Officer for the Northern Care Alliance NHS Foundation Trust said: "We would again extend apologies to any patient and their family whose care or experience has fallen below our usual standards. "Our staff are continuing to work incredibly hard to resolve the IT issues affecting our hospitals and community services in Oldham, Bury, Rochdale and at North Manchester General. Many staff are going above and beyond, and being incredibly patient, for which we are very grateful. "We have made some good progress to fix some of the critical systems affected, and these systems are being released to colleagues when they have been tested and approved for use. This process will continue for the forthcoming days and weeks as we prioritise our key clinical systems to maintain patient safety."  