Arsenal must put together an offer of £42.5million (€50m) to have a chance of signing Italy striker Gianluca Scamacca, according to reports. It is claimed the Gunners have already seen an offer of £34m (€40m) turned down by Sassuolo for the forward. Arsenal are in the market for at least one striker this summer following the recent exits of Alexandre Lacazette and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. Manchester City's Gabriel Jesus is their top target but Scamacca is also on their radar. Italian newspaper La Gazzetta dello Sport claims the north London club's first offer to Sassuolo was £27.2m (€32m) plus bonuses to take the overall proposal to just over £34m. However, that is not enough for the Serie A club. The outlet says Sassuolo want the Gunners to up their offer by a further £8.5m (€10m) to reach a total of £42.5m. They would be willing to accept part of that fee as bonuses but they are clear Arsenal's first bid was not enough. READ MORE: Arteta makes Saliba stance clear as hint given over Arsenal role  The Gunners are yet to return with a new offer and it remains to be seen if they will do so. French giants Paris Saint-Germain are also linked with Scamacca. The 23-year-old forward enjoyed his best season in his career last term. After four loan spells away from Sassuolo, he was finally given a regular chance in the first team. Scamacca scored 16 goals in 36 Serie A appearances to help his side finish 11th in the table. It was just his second full season in the Italian top flight after scoring eight times in a loan spell at Genoa in the previous campaign. Meanwhile, Lacazette's return to Lyon has been confirmed. The French striker will rejoin the Ligue 1 team when his contract at Arsenal expires at the end of the month. DON'T MISSTransfer news LIVE: Man Utd hijack Nunez to Liverpool, Chelsea want Sterling [BLOG]Man Utd's stance on Bissouma as Arsenal prioritise Tielemans deal [TRANSFERS]Ecuador 'to be kicked out of World Cup' as player 'faked birth certificate' [NEWS]  Lacazette has signed a three-year contract with Lyon, ending his five-year stay in England. Upon signing, Lacazette said: Thank you for the welcome and the love shown in recent months. “My return has become obvious in recent weeks. Even without Europe, the project is important. I felt useful in the locker room and on the pitch. It was the best decision to make. “I took some time to make my decision. Football is a beautiful profession. It was complicated to follow OL’s last season from a distance because I couldn’t help. I hope this period is over and that we are going to find a great Lyon. “The priority is above all to help the club return to the top of the bill with European qualification.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here