Netflix's hit historical drama The Last Kingdom came to an end in March after five highly acclaimed seasons. As the series brought an end to Uhtred’s storyline, actor Alexander Dreymon shared why he was devastated to say goodbye to his character.  After being captured following the Danes’ invasion of England, Uthred (played by Alexander Dreymon) went on a lifelong mission to discover his true self. This came as he battled with being a Saxon nobleman who was raised by the Danes, so there was a constant push-pull because he was torn between the warring cultures. Years later, Uhtred's loyalties were put to the test by the Danes, after he discovered his ancestral home of Bebbanburg. Throughout the series he fought to reclaim the nation, which was his birthright. READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show After the series came to an end, Dreymon shared why he wasn’t devastated to leave Uhtred, despite playing the character for seven years. In an interview with Man About Town, the actor opened up about moving on from The Last Kingdom. Dreymon disclosed: “I feel like I'm supposed to be devastated that I have to say goodbye to him, yet it doesn’t feel like farewell.” He added: “Because he is such a symbol of the values which I think, for the most part, I share.  “He’s always going to be there, I’ll never feel separate from him.” Despite not being devastated about leaving Uhtred, Dreymon also shared the challenges of moving on from the historical series. The actor admitted: “I'm never going to look in the mirror again and see Uhtred. “At the same time, I feel like I'll always be able to hear his voice if I ever need his battle cry. DON'T MISS...Dermot O'Leary takes swipe at Anton Du Beke over ticket sales [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom’s Eliza Butterworth on surprise change to season 5 [INSIGHT]How did The Last Kingdom's Alexander Dreymon injure himself? [INSIGHT] Dreymon continued: “He is a part of me and I wouldn’t have been able to direct like I did if he hadn't become such an intrinsic part of me. “I can switch it on and off so easily, it's like rolling out of bed now.” Although The Last Kingdom came to an end, fans will soon see Dreymon reprise his role as Uthred for the show’s feature film, Seven Kings Must Die. As the series was the onscreen adaptation of a novel series written by Bernard Cornwell, the show ended before his final three books were released. 