Mr Mellor shared his views on the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's UK return while on the GB News breakfast show alongside Isabel Webster and Paul Hawkins. His rant against Meghan’s first return to the UK since leaving her role as a senior royal behind and moving to California, USA, came as Isabel suggested the Sussexes’ popularity among the public is at an all-time low. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** During a flick through the day’s newspapers with Mr Mellor and fellow guest Clare Muldoon, Isabel said: “Whilst we’re on the royals, David, before we move on… “The Daily Mail, page two, talking about the Sussexes’ popularity dropping to an all-time low. “Could this weekend be a comeback for them?” Isabel suggested in regards to the Jubilee, to which Mr Mellor emphatically replied: “I don’t think so.” “You’re so negative this morning!” Webster chuckled before Mr Mellor unleashed his reasons why. READ MORE: ‘Report Madeley to Ofcom!’ GMB host blasted for ‘bullying’ Labour MP “I’m negative [because] these are people thought to be… Harry is an odd chap now,” he began. “I think he should’ve stayed in the army, he’d have been better off staying in the army where the discipline and framework work for him. “He and Meghan - I rather hoped that when Meghan arrived in the family she’d be a breath of fresh air and her background would make it much easier for them to deal with Commonwealth issues and so on. “But it’s obvious that what Meghan wanted was to come to this country and immediately become the new Diana. “She didn’t want to be flogging around Salford on a wet Monday opening a new hospital and doing that kind of stuff. “The fact of the matter is she couldn’t wait to get out of the UK so why is she back?” Suggesting a possible answer, Mr Mellor ranted: “The answer is she isn’t back because she loves anybody here, or loves being a serious, junior member of the Royal Family… “She’s back because Netflix are back with tens of millions of dollars and it’s a cynical plot.” DON'T MISS:Richard Madeley scoffs at GP over home check-ups and no-show cGMB fury as guest calls for staff to stop shouting at prisonersRichard Madeley blasted for 's*** stirring' in Meghan Markle GMB chat However, Isabel did try to defend the Sussexes and the reception they’ll receive upon their comeback. “Well, the family certainly love Harry,” Isabel interjected. “And will undoubtedly love little Lilibet and Archie. “And I have a theory that seeing those little faces and seeing the British public fall in love with those little royals, might actually warm the temperature between them. “I might be wrong! But one can only hope,” she added. Despite Mr Mellor’s claims regarding the upcoming Netflix deal Harry and Meghan have signed, it has been reported they will not be given special treatment. In fact, it’s reported their appearances will be strictly limited in order to avoid overshadowing Her Majesty’s milestone. Many members of their senior team have remained in the US and the couple and their two children have travelled with a select number of security personnel. Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs Monday to Thursday at 6am on GB News.