The outrage was sparked after Michelle Obama paid tribute to the Queen's long reign on the throne ahead of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The Queen's 70 years as monarch were commemorated by a series of spectacular events over the long bank holiday weekend. Millions of Brits attended events around the country to honour and celebrate the monarch's unwavering dedication to public service and duty. The popular British sovereign was inundated by congratulatory messages from world leaders, including even the pope. The former First Lady was quick to post her own warm and heartfelt congratulations in a video. Ms Obama said: "Your majesty, I'm wishing you my warmest congratulations on your Platinum Jubilee. "Over the years, your graceful, steady hand has offered us all a shining example of dignity, service and grace. "Congratulations on a remarkable 70 years." However, her remarks provoked a heated debate on social media about British colonialism and the Royal Family. Twitter user @antedelopean wrote: "We fought a war a couple of hundred years ago so that we wouldn't have to give a s*** about this stuff." While @girlsoldier333 said: "Congratulations to the poster family of colonialism, imperialism and its myriad negative effects on the so called colonies, their cultures etc and establishing a traitor class to govern the 'former' colonies." Aidan Moffat added: "Here’s a glass raised to HRH Queen Elizabeth II on her Platinum Jubilee! "Her duty and service in the name of subjugation, colonialism, racism and classism will never be forgotten." Despite the sharp criticism from some of her followers, many others thanked Michelle Obama for her kind words and support for the Queen. READ MORE: Owen Jones hits out at Royals despite Jubilee joy Amanda Coote said: "From one gracious lady to another. Our monarch is a shining light to many of us. "Her compassion , endurance, service and endless humility is a wonder to many. "Thank you for your kind and heartfelt thoughts in her special day." EnglishBob wrote: "Mrs Obama keeping it classy as well. Well said." While Louise Mensch tweeted: "Ma’am, you are such a shining light of graciousness and as a Briton I so appreciate your kind words about Her Majesty." DON'T MISSLiz Hurley, 56, celebrates Platinum Jubilee in tiny white bikini [REVEAL]Australia's Governor General sparks fury with 'appalling' comment [SPOTLIGHT] Britain got together for the Platinum Jubilee with tea and cake [INSIGHT] Barack Obama and his wife Michelle visited the Queen on three occasions during his presidency. They first met the monarch on a visit to Buckingham Palace in 2009, before returning in 2011 when they were also introduced to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, who were married that year. Their final visit took place in 2016, shortly before Mr Obama stepped down as US President after serving two terms. The Queen is said to have established a cordial relationship with the 44th US President and his wife. Royal author Tom Quinn said: "The Queen has a soft spot for Americans after meeting Barack Obama who she completely fell in love with – so much so that she has frequently asked her courtiers if they could arrange for him to come to Britain now he is no longer president."