Barcelona transfer target Raphinha has warned his suitors that he will not risk his spot at the World Cup by settling for a spot on the bench. The Leeds star is being courted by a host of top European clubs and is expected to quit Elland Road this summer. Raphinha has evolved into one of the Premier League's most dangerous players during his two-year stint at Leeds, where he has netted 17 goals in 67 appearances. Unsurprisingly, his electric displays have caught the attention of some of Europe's big-hitters, including Barcelona. But ahead of Brazil's match with Japan, Raphinha admitted that he is determined to retain his spot in the national team for the World Cup - and that he will not move elsewhere to simply sit on the bench. The 25-year-old said: "If I said it doesn't matter, I'd be lying, especially knowing that there are less than six months to go until the World Cup. I have to be active at the club where I am, this weighs on my decision, but I am confident in my potential. If it is to continue at Leeds or to leave, I am going to give my best, find my space and I am going to try be well for the World Cup." READ MORE: Man Utd join Christian Eriksen race as Erik ten Hag makes first transfer decision Barcelona have been persistently linked with the fleet-footed winger, but Raphinha has interest from other big names - and he could even be persuaded to remain in the Premier League. The Mirror revealed on Saturday night that Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has earmarked the Leeds ace as a potential replacement for Reds talisman Sadio Mane, who is expected to leave Anfield this summer. And the Reds are hoping to take advantage of the financial turmoil that has plagued Barcelona over the past couple of years to pip them to Raphinha's signature. DON'T MISSMan Utd can pay £2m more for better signing if Ajax star Jurrien Timber snubs transferPau Torres picks between Man Utd and Tottenham transfer as 'both clubs offer £45m'Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting Although speculation linking Raphinha with a dream move to the Nou Camp has ramped up in recent weeks, the former Rennes man stressed that nothing has been decided and that he will leave his future up to his agent, Deco, while he takes a well-earned break. Raphinha added: "On Monday there is the match against Japan and, afterwards, I will go on vacation. I have a contract with Leeds until 2024 and my future is in the hands of Deco, who is my agent, and in those of Leeds. "I am now focused on the Seleçao in this last game of the season and also on my vacation, because we all need to rest. I have a valid contract and these issues are resolved by my representative, when something is closed, he informs me."