The legal process is perverse when you consider that Adil Khan raped and impregnated a 13-year-old girl and also trafficked another 15-year-old girl for sexual purposes and then used violence against her when she protested. So this "father figure" can pass on his warped attitude to girls and young women to his son - underage girls to be treated as sex objects and to espouse violence against them? It says everything about the law that a judge has actually decided to listen to this case.  The case of Adil Khan, part of the Rochdale grooming gang, shows exactly how our "justice" system favours the villains, says Clifford Hammans from Laindon, Essex. With illegal migrants arriving on our shores on a daily basis, it proves that civil servants and government agencies are not fit for purpose. We need an overhaul of our justice system and border security needs some immediate action now.  We have had Covid, monkeypox and now polio, spreading for the first time in 40 years, all transmitted from abroad. If this is not a good enough reason to curb immigration, what is, says Anne Jones from Stalybridge, Cheshire. Our country has been clear of lots of diseases for years and it should remain that way.  RMT leader Mick Lynch will have a lot to answer for when these rail strikes are over, says Malcom Young from Hullbridge, Essex. They are not about pay or about working practices, they are an attack on the Conservatives. The people who really suffer are ordinary citizens. If Labour gets back into power we will be governed by union bosses who fund the party and who will expect Government to carry out their demands.  It is interesting that the brutal Taliban government which treats women like cattle and kills anyone who stands in its way in the name of religion, asks for financial help whenever a natural disaster occurs, says Ian Fuller from Harrogate, North Yorkshire. International aid will always arrive but where does the money go? To buy guns for sure but food for the populace? Perhaps not. 