Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge are currently based in London where their children Prince George and Princess Charlotte are attending school. The family also counts the idyllic country retreat of Anmer Hall on the Queen's Sandringham Estate as their second home. But rumours have long abounded that the Cambridges wish to move to Windsor, and it seems this could be a reality by the end of the year. The Duke and Duchess reportedly want to live in Windsor for the next decade or so, before making their beloved Norfolk home of Anmer Hall their main base when their children are older. The Times reported that Kate and William will be moving to Berkshire at the end of this school term, meaning their three children will be enrolling at a new school near Windsor. The family would retain their Kensington Palace apartments, with the residence also being the Duke and Duchess' administrative hub, while continuing to visit Anmer Hall in their downtime. In the future, Prince Charles could spend most of his time at Buckingham Palace as King, leaving Windsor Castle open to the Cambridges when William is heir apparent. But there are at least three reasons why the Cambridges could be suited to living in Windsor right now while their children are growing up. READ MORE: Eugenie causes royal stir after CROPPING OUT Duchess from Jubilee pic  Prince William's beloved grandmother, the Queen, could be a major motivating factor behind the decision to move to Windsor. The monarch, 96, is experiencing episodic mobility problems and has increasingly delegated royal duties to her heir Prince Charles and her grandson in recent years. Only last month, William filled in for the Queen at the State Opening of Parliament with his father in their roles as Counsellors of State.  William also played a key role in the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, standing in for the Queen at the beacon lighting event at Buckingham Palace while she stayed at Windsor Castle. Being in closer proximity to the Queen at Windsor, where she now spends the majority of her time, could ensure the Duke of Cambridge is available to support her more in the near future.  Kate is known to have a tight-knit family, and her parents Michael and Carole Middleton are hands-on grandparents to George, eight, Charlotte, seven, and Louis, four. The Middletons have frequently been pictured at royal fixtures looking after their grandchildren, and Carole has spoken previously of her love of being a grandparent. Kate's parents are based in Bucklebury, Berkshire, and a move to Windsor would mean the Cambridge family are only a 45-minute drive away from them. William is also known to get on incredibly well with his in-laws, telling attendees at a post-lockdown engagement last year: “Some people are happy they haven’t seen their in-laws for a year... I love my in-laws.” DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle and Prince Harry photo ban bitter pill to swallow' [ANALYSIS]Royal Family LIVE: 'In and out' Queen spent '15 minutes' with Sussexes [LIVE]Will & Kate's decision to move causes shock - spent 'millions' on KP [INSIGHT]  At the minute, Kate and William have stayed primarily in London while their children are enrolled at the nearby prep school of Thomas's Battersea. But the Duke and Duchess may long for a more private family life they could pursue outside of the capital. Berkshire is within commutable distance to London, so the couple can still fulfil their royal duties, but it also offers their family more space than they currently have at Kensington Palace.  The Cambridge family are known to adore the great outdoors, and the Queen's Berkshire estate, with its enormous parks, offers them this in spades. A friend reportedly told The Times: “The reality is they are quite confined in what they can do in London. “The kids can’t go into the park and kick a football with friends. "Their plan is to be there for the next ten to 15 years and then move to Anmer, which is so special to them.” 