Hilarious video footage shows Princess Charlotte, 7, grabbing her brother Prince Louis’ hand away from his mouth to stop him sucking his fingers during the Platinum Jubilee Pageant. Mother Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, steps in and appears to ask Charlotte what she is doing before the little princess imitates Prince Louis.  But undeterred little Louis mocks his big sister by putting his fist back in his mouth. This is not the first time Charlotte laid down the law for her little brother. On the first day of the Platinum Jubilee Celebrations, Princess Charlotte was seen placing her hand on Prince Louis’ hand as he waved enthusiastically to adoring crowds during Trooping the Colour. And it was not only Prince Louis who received a dressing down from his sister - Princess Charlotte also stepped in to tell her older Prince George right from wrong when she corrected the future King’s posture on Buckingham Palace balcony. As the national anthem ‘God Save the Queen’ played out, George briefly placed his hand on the balcony ledge. Charlotte stepped in and nudged her brother with his shoulder, which prompted George to quickly put his arms by his side and fix his posture. Prince Louis, 4, stole the show over the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee weekend, often delighting the nation with his cheeky face pulling and mischievous behaviour.  READ MORE: Bossy Princess Charlotte gave dressing down to cheeky Louis The royal was spotted pulling hilarious faces at his mother, Kate as the Royal Family attended the closing celebrations for the Platinum Jubilee. The prince could be seen putting his hand over his mother’s mouth and upturning his own nose with his thumb at points in the parade. He was also seen placing his hands over his eyes, seemingly fed up with the length of the three-kilometre-long parade. He was caught yawning and then made his way over to Prince William, perching on the Duke's lap as the final event of the Jubilee weekend got underway.  DON'T MISS Princess Charlotte steps in to correct Prince George's etiquette [VIDEO]Prince Louis ‘on a real sugar high’ as he pulled faces at Kate [OPINION]Kate's 'hands-on' and 'nurturing' parenting style shown [ANALYSIS] He stood up in his seat during the spectacle after appearing to gesture to Prime Minister Boris Johnson, who was sitting behind the young prince, with a confused expression. Zara Tindall's husband, Mike, at one point gestured to the youngest Cambridge prince, to let him know he is being playfully warned. While Prince Louis's facial expressions took centre stage on Thursday, as the royals stepped out for the very first of the weekend's Jubilee events. The young royal accompanied his siblings and parents on the Buckingham Palace balcony for the historic RAF flypast. But it was his adorable exchange with his great-grandmother the Queen during the Red Arrows spectacular that melted the hearts of the nation. Louis gestured towards the planes soaring overhead and clapped his hands over his ears, appearing to shout as the aircraft shot across central London. He again pulled exaggerated funny faces, putting his fingers in his mouth and waving at pilots. Over the past year, George, Charlotte, and Louis have put in an increasing number of appearances during Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge's outings.  Prince George and Princess Charlotte joined their parents for the traditional Easter service at Windsor's St George's Chapel. And earlier in the year, they appeared with the rest of the Royal Family at a special thanksgiving service in honour of their great-grandfather Prince Philip a year after his death. Prince Louis had previously seen his public appearances limited to a special Christmas outing last year, when he made his red carpet debut at a charity pantomime at the London Palladium.