Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen admitted she often "distances herself from everyone and everything" while working in the remote part of the Yorkshire Dales. Her candid admission comes after the Channel 5 star said she and husband Clive Owen, 67, had parted ways after 21 years of marriage. The mum-of-nine spoke about life on Ravenseat Farm and admitted things can be "challenging". Amanda, 47, spoke candidly about living in a remote part of Upper Swaledale with her family. The Yorkshire shepherdess said at times she has "lost" herself as farming can become a solitary affair. Opening up in a new interview, the Channel 5 favourite said that while life can be unpredictable on the farm, she has also faced "chaotic" moments. READ MORE: Elvis' widow Priscilla, 77, joined by three generations of Presley's "You can lose yourself and distance yourself from everyone and everything. Once I go out of that door to work it is back to basics," Amanda explained. "My home life is busy and chaotic, but my work life is solitary. Too much of each one is not good, but living in a remote place gives me peace and quiet." She continued: "The worst thing about living here is when there’s any kind of emergency. "Take last Tuesday, I had everything in place for my mare to foal. On the day, we had no power on the farm due to repairs after storm Arwen.  "This meant I couldn’t get in touch with the vet. It all went OK but I can feel a bit vulnerable." She added to The Game Fair: "You have to find an inner strength to deal with anything. You have to be able to cope in an emergency." The Yorkshire Shepherdess is headlining at The Game Fair this year – creating a farmhouse breakfast menu for the restaurant, mingling with diners, appearing on stage in the cookery theatre and being interviewed in the chat show style Game Fair Theatre. The three-day event gives visitors the opportunity to meet Amanda which is being held at Ragley Hall in Warwickshire next month. DON'T MISS... Dame Deborah James in farewell to brother but warns 'don't come back'[LATEST]Kirstie Allsopp says show was stopped after Prince William's arrival[ROYALS]Lorraine Kelly admits struggling to watch Piers Morgan's new show[TV] Amanda's admission comes after the on-screen star announced she had split from her husband Clive after two decades of marriage. The couple first appeared on TV as regulars on Adrian Edmondson's 2011 ITV documentary series The Dales alongside the Reverend Ann Chapman, the vicar of four small churches, and a number of other people living in the Yorkshire Dales. Many of her children help out on the farm when they are not at school - or travelling to and from as the journey takes one-and-a-half hours each way Amanda previously shared that her romance with Clive had been a "slow burn". She said: "It was a slow burn thing we kind of got to know each other. Made friends first then went out a little bit together." Amanda added he was "perfect husband material", saying: "My kind of fella, like the same sense of humour and type of things. It was just fate." It didn't take long for the couple to get hitched, with nine children quickly following.The pair have since separated. The Game Fair will be held at Ragley Hall, Warwickshire from 29-31 July. You can purchase tickets here. 