Beyoncé fans were just given some (half) unexpected news, as the iconic American star's seventh album was announced on Twitter this morning. The album, Renaissance, is due to hit streaming services in just a few weeks and fans will no doubt already be looking forward to the star's new sound. Renaissance was announced on Tidal's Twitter page with some white writing on a black backdrop. The mysterious reveal read: "Act I: Renaissance." This script or play styling could be a theme that runs through the entire album - or simply something fun to excite fans with. The tweet also announced the album's release date. The release date for Beyoncé's Renaissance is July 29, 2022. That's right, Beyoncé's new album is just over six weeks away. Further information about the album is still incoming, but the excitement is no doubt building within the Beyhive. The album's announcement isn't a complete surprise, however, considering eagle-eyed fans noticed last week that Queen B had removed the profile pictures across her social media platforms. This stunt left her YouTube, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook and TikTok accounts without any official imagery - a well-known sign in the music industry that something is on its way. A tour will likely follow, but fans will unfortunately have to wait a little longer to find out if Beyoncé will be coming to the UK. Renaissance follows Beyoncé's last album, Everything is Love, which was released on June 16, 2018, and was the first collaborative album between the star and her husband, Jay-Z. The record was received extremely well and not only went Gold, but hit number two on the US Billboard charts. Before that, Beyoncé's last solo album was 2016's Lemonade, which hit digital store shelves on April 23. The album was an incredible success, reaching number one in more than five countries and selling more than 2.5 million units.  Lemonade also went 3x Platinum, making it one of Beyoncé's biggest albums to date. The record came complete with a companion film. For the project, Beyoncé received a Grammy Award for Best Urban Contemporary Album. During her acceptance speech, she explained some of the meanings behind Lemonade. She said: "We all experience pain and loss, and often we become inaudible. My intention for the film and album was to create a body of work that would give a voice to our pain, our struggles, our darkness and our history. To confront issues that make us uncomfortable. It’s important to me to show images to my children that reflect their beauty, so they can grow up in a world where they look in the mirror, first through their own families - as well as the news, the Super Bowl, the Olympics, the White House and the Grammys - and see themselves, and have no doubt that they’re beautiful, intelligent and capable." Beyoncé added: "This is something I want for every child of every race. And I feel it’s vital that we learn from the past and recognize our tendencies to repeat our mistakes." Since then, the 40-year-old has gone on to star as Nala in the 2019 remake of The Lion King from Disney. She played opposite Donald Glover - otherwise known as Childish Gambino. Beyoncé - Renaissance is due for release on July 29, 2022.