Mr Johnson held firm on the Governments decision to start flying out migrants for processing in Rwanda. The Prime Minister claimed that the Government was currently trying to make a distinction between the illegal and legal pathways into the UK. Priti Patel's new policy kick's off this week despite widespread outrage coming from people who claim the policy is immoral. Mr Johnson also said it may be necessary to change certain laws in order to make sure the policy is effective. Mr Johnson told Sky News: "We're trying to make a distinction between legal pathways to the UK. "Which we support, we want people to be able to come here in fear of their lives. "We want them to do it legally and safely, and that's why we have all the safe and legal routes that are open to people. "What we want to do is to show the people traffickers that they're breaking that law, they're risking people's lives, and it won't work anyway. JUST IN: Putin's thugs 'force protesters to strip and squat' and 'film humiliation' of 20 women The Prime Minister added: "Now will it be necessary to change some laws to help us as we go along, it may very well be. "And all these options are under constant review." Due to the implementation of the policy protestors have been active in trying to stop a flight at a UK airport which will contain refugees from flying out of the country. There have been legal bids which have fallen through to try and halt the process. There have even been claims made that Prince Charles, doesn't believe in the new Government plan to tackle immigration. READ MORE: Macron to ‘choke on his croissants’ as UK crushes France in post-Brexit investments    A source told The Times that Prince Charles was heard expressing his disdain for the policy in private, stating: "He said he thinks the Government's whole approach is appalling. It was clear he was not impressed with the Government's direction of travel." And a Clarence House spokesman said: "We would not comment on supposed anonymous private conversations with the Prince of Wales, except to restate that he remains politically neutral. Matters of policy are decisions for Government." Other political commentators have claimed that the new plan will help fight people smugglers who have been using deadly routes to transport those seeking refuge to the UK. Many people smugglers operate the English Channel, filling rubber dinghies with vulnerable families which could face death as the dinghies are cheap and often sink, causing those inside to drown in the cold waters. DON’T MISS: Sturgeon’s IndyRef2 pipe dream: Scotland's shocking defence outside UK a barrier to NATO Labour MP Yvette cooper gave an opposing opinion on the policy helping to tackle people smugglers. Ms Cooper posted multiple tweets on the matter: "By pushing ahead with Rwanda policy, Boris Johnson has abandoned British values of common sense & decency - it’s unworkable, unethical, extortionately expensive & risks making smuggling & trafficking worse. Govt has ended up targeting torture victims instead of trafficking gangs." "It fails to tackle criminal gangs; - Borders Chief Inspector says no evidence of deterrence - the Home Office has asked the National Crime Agency that tackles smuggler gangs to draw up 20% cuts - evidence from Israel/Rwanda deal was dangerous journeys & trafficking increased." "It fails our international responsibilities on those fleeing persecution; - Home Office admits to trying to send torture & trafficking victims & to ignoring UNHCR warnings - instead of taking asylum decisions (decisions halved in 5yrs) UK is paying developing country to do it."