Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp could be set to allow two right-backs to exit the club this summer as he reshuffles his squad after capturing Calvin Ramsay from Aberdeen. The Reds signed the 18-year-old over the weekend after also landing Darwin Nunez from Benfica and Fabio Carvalho from Fulham. Ramsay is likely to play second fiddle to Trent Alexander-Arnold and could eventually compete with the England star for the right-back berth. And the defender’s arrival means Klopp could now look to sell Neco Williams and send Conor Bradley out on loan. Williams spent the second half of last season on loan with Fulham and played 15 games for the west Londoners as they won the Championship title to secure their place back in the Premier League. The Cottagers are thought to be keen on signing Williams permanently ahead of next season, while Nottingham Forest are also reportedly circling. And if the 21-year-old is deemed surplus to requirements at Anfield, he may never pull on the Reds shirt again. Bradley, meanwhile, has progressed to the cusp of the first-team over the last 12 months and has gone on to make five Liverpool appearances. The 18-year-old has already racked-up 35 outings in Premier League 2 and could now be set to continue his football development away from Anfield. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has five defenders on transfer shortlist    A whole host of clubs could be keen on signing Bradley on a temporary basis if he does become available. And Klopp could well think the teenager will benefit enormously from a spell away from Merseyside. Klopp will be hoping his summer signings can help the Reds topple Manchester City in the race for Premier League honours next season after the Citizens finished one point above them last time around to clinch the title. And the German has admitted he is delighted to have Ramsay at the club. DON'T MISS Tottenham 'trying' to hijack Gabriel Jesus bid as Arsenal 'hold talks' Arsenal told to buy alternative Prem star despite Gabriel Jesus belief Arteta told he has already made Arsenal 'statement' before Jesus deal      “Calvin is another exciting young player, so we’re very pleased,” Klopp said after the deal was announced. “He has bags of potential. He is only 18 years old at the moment, although turns 19 soon and already has a decent number of first-team appearances for a defender of his age. He is athletic, smart, confident, with good technical ability and - always crucial - is eager to learn. So there’s lots to like.” And Ramsay added: “I’m just buzzing and it’s a dream come true really to be here. Hopefully I can come in in pre-season, show everyone at the club, the staff, players what I’ve got and then we’ll see what happens from there.” Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 