Gavin Owen's two sons, aged 12 and 15, have been invited on their school's adventure week at the end of term, which would cost up to £80 per pupil. However, Mr Owen said the fee is "unfair", particularly for those who have more than one child at Ysgol Syr Hugh Owen in Caernarfon, north Wales. Speaking to North Wales Live, Mr Owen said: "It's usually free or a minimal fee, but we got a letter to say this year's was £80. "It's ridiculous, some people have two or three kids there and I know of some children whose parents can't afford it and it's just not fair on them." The week of activities includes kayaking and climbing, which come with an extra cost due to the safety equipment required. The school, which caters for more than 800 children, said it is "fully aware" of the pressures being put on families. The cost of the activity week varies for different year groups, costing £80 for year 7, £50 for year 8, and £40 for year 9 pupils. Mr Owen continued: "I don't mind paying little fees for things like canoeing but £80 in this current climate, with energy bills and everything going up is ridiculous. "I know it's nice for the kids but there's so much they could do without spending £80. It should be all about making the most of your surroundings and I think it could be a way of teaching them that you don't have to spend money in places to have a good time. "It's not like we live in the middle of the city, there's plenty of stuff we can do locally without having to hire a bus or spend that much. I know of other schools who are doing something similar but it's only costing them £15 or £20."  A spokesperson for the school said: "Our aim as a school is to offer our pupils access to the best possible experiences during their time at Ysgol Syr Hugh Owen including experiences in their local area which in turn supports the local economy. As part of this aim, the school has organised a week of varied adventure activities. "We are fully aware that the current cost-of-living crisis is affecting our pupils' families and we would never wish for that to be a barrier to any of our pupils from taking part in activities on-offer. Due to the pandemic, the school was not in a position to plan the activities months in advance and offer an extended period to pay for the activities on this occasion. "However, we were very eager to respond to the hopes of parents who took part in a recent opinion-seeking questionnaire on the issue who were keen to see extra-curricular activities being offered. Finding the balance between keeping the costs of journeys down and offering pupils the opportunity to catch-up on the lost experiences of the last two years has been very challenging. "Whilst the costs of the week of activities varies for years 7, 8 and 9 it is important to remember that all fees will include transport costs. As part of our efforts to ensure as many pupils as possible make the most of the activities on-offer, there is a discount for pupils who are eligible for free school meals and we are offering a payment plan for those who are finding it difficult to pay. "Those pupils who do not choose to take part in this year’s activities this year, will be able to enjoy activities as the school throughout the week for no cost." 