Erling Haaland has been warned by former Aston Villa striker Gabby Agbonlahor that despite his blockbuster move to Manchester City, Pep Guardiola won’t hesitate to leave the striker out of his side if he doesn’t follow the Spaniard’s tactical instructions. The Norwegian forward was announced by City on Monday through a video on their Twitter account, after activating the release clause in Haaland’s Borussia Dortmund contract. Despite scoring 22 goals in 24 Bundesliga appearances last season, Haaland has been warned that he will not be an automatic starter under Guardiola. “No matter who you are, Pep’s the main man,” Agbonlahor told Football Insider. “Haaland will have to adapt to Man City. There are other top, top players who have done it over and over again winning league titles. “Haaland will come in and have to adapt to the way City play. If Pep says ‘Stop dropping and coming short, go long’ or maybe he says ‘Make sure you stay in and around the box, don’t be coming to join in play’. “He has to do that or he’ll be on the bench. You play Pep’s way or you don’t play at all. He won’t care about keeping you on the bench, no matter who you are. If it was Mbappe, he’d keep Mbappe on the bench, if he wasn’t listening to him. “When you’ve won what Pep has won, you get that respect.” England star Phil Foden played up front for large parts of last season as City won the Premier League, and Haaland has claimed that he is excited about the prospect of linking up with the PFA Young Player of the Year. “I have been watching a lot of City games for as long as I can remember.” The 21-year-old said. “Of course, then I also watched Phil and he is an amazing player. He is still a talent because he is still young, but he is an amazing player. He still has to develop and then we can really talk.” Haaland has also revealed he has already spoken to Guardiola. "I think I can develop a lot under Pep and in this Club.” He told the club website. I think I can get better at a lot of things and hopefully I can score a lot of [goals]. "I have spoken a little bit with him. We are both looking forward to working together. I was born in England, I have been a City fan my whole life. I know a lot about the club. In the end, [deciding to sign was down to] two things. I feel at home here and I feel I can develop and get the best out of my game at City. "I like the style [of play], I like the attacking football. I like the positive vibe we have when City play football. This is what I like a lot, so I think it’s a good fit."