The vessel entered Danish waters north of the Baltic Sea island of Bornholm, according to reports. An event, titled the Democracy Festival, is current taking place on the island, which is being attended by senior officials and businesspeople.  He added: “Bullying methods do not work against Denmark.” Danish Armed Forces officials said the warship entered their waters without authorisation at 12.30am GMT today, on Friday. It added that it do so again a few hours later. But the Russian embassy in Copenhagen said Denmark had provided no evidence of the occurrence. In a statement, the embassy noted it had been told a Russian warship had “allegedly entered into the territorial sea of Denmark”. It added: “No evidence of what happened, including the coordinates of the alleged crossing of the Danish maritime border by the ship, was presented.” READ MORE: Britons on the street debate UK’s involvement in Ukraine war Danish defence minister Morten Bodskov, cited in Reuters, said there had been no immediate threat against the festival presented by the warship. He did, however, note that “we must accept that the Baltic Sea is becoming a high-tension area”. Earlier today, Vladimir Putin addressed the annual Saint Petersburg International Economic Forum. He received a “tepid” response when discussing the ongoing “special military operation”, according to Max Seddon of the Financial Times. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] Putin described the war as “the decision of a sovereign country based on the right to defend its security”. He added that “all of [the war’s] tasks will undoubtedly be met”. But many Kremlin insiders and Russian business leaders are, according to reports, increasingly concerned about the war’s long-term implications and fear their country will be increasingly isolated on the world stage for years to come.