Nick Kyrgios made a fresh dig at umpires after receiving a time violation during the second set of his 5-7 6-2 6-4 victory over Stefanos Tsitsipas in Halle. The world No 45 sat down and refused to play until he spoke with the supervisor after receiving the violation during the second seed's service game and claimed afterwards that umpires "try to be relevant". Kyrgios managed to dig deep and earn his third win over Tsitsipas in the second round of the Terra Wortmann Open on Wednesday, coming from a set down. It was a fiery clash that saw the Aussie warned for smashing a racket before he received a time violation while the second seed was serving at 0-2 in the second set. The 27-year-old responded by sitting on his bench mid-game and refusing to play as he argued the time violation, calling the supervisor to court before eventually conceding and continuing the match, ending up with the victory. After the two-hour battle, he made a fresh dig at umpires when asked whether the time violation threw him off. "Not really," he said. "Umpires, I don’t even think they understand the concept of everyone’s here in Halle, it’s a full stadium to see me and Stef play and I think they just want to be relevant sometimes." JUST IN: Rafael Nadal sets timeframe for Wimbledon participation decision  The six-time title winner also branded the warning "unnecessary" as he continued: "The match was going fine, the crowd was enjoying it, it was completely unnecessary. I’m gonna play Stef many more times, I’m gonna win against him, I’m gonna lose against him so I just enjoyed today. "Not really [affected him], as you can see from the scoreboard, focused pretty well. Lost the first set and regained my focus and got it done." While the 27-year-old wasn't affected by the time violation, he did admit wanting to give up when Tsitsipas was on a high and said his team managed to keep him in it. "My team - my girlfriend, my physio, my best friend, my manager - they kept me in it, honestly. Stef, he made a lot of returns today, I felt like giving up, frustrated and Stef was rolling but idk they somehow dug me out of a hole," he added. DON'T MISSZverev Wimbledon withdrawal results in 49-year first after Russia banRaducanu and Alcaraz 'motivating' Jack Draper for Wimbledon successRafael Nadal 'expecting first child' after French Open heroics  Despite loving grass-court conditions, the Aussie is yet to win a title on the surface and was asked whether this week could finally be the time. "Well it doesn’t help there’s only four to six week a year on grass," he laughed. "And as I said, if there were as many grass court tournaments in Australia as there is clay court tournaments in Europe, I’d never leave Australia. I feel like I’m one of the best on the grass so hopefully this week but one round at a time." 