Mum-of-two Chanel Almeida was out enjoying a date night in Hull with her partner, with plans to grab a pizza and head to a park. Disaster struck when they saw a man emerge from a street covered in blood. As others stood and watched, brave Chanel immediately jumped out of her car to help and soon discovered that the injured man had a serious wound to his neck, as well as head wounds. She immediately applied pressure to the wound with her bare hands and became covered in blood in the process. She was handed tissue and tea towels by strangers to try to stop the bleeding before the man was taken to hospital. Following the attack on Saturday evening, police said the victim had been seriously injured but was expected to pull through. One man has been arrested. The 30-year-old told Hull Live: "Me and my partner had gone down to Punjabi Kitchen, where our friends work, to grab a pizza on a rare date night for us. We got a babysitter for our two young kids and thought we would take some food down to Hessle Foreshore and spend some time together."  She added: "We were stood outside chatting from about 4pm, then collected our pizza and got in the car. My partner then saw out of his wing mirror that a man had stumbled out onto the road from Cave Street and was covered in blood. "My partner was sceptical about me getting involved but I just had to do something. As another human, I couldn't just stand by and watch while someone was so hurt." The mum, a former nursing student, raced over to the man and asked him to sit down while she looked at his head wounds, which appeared to be manageable, but as he turned she noticed the huge gash pouring with blood from his neck. Chanel, from Bransholme, Hull, continued: "I studied pre-nursing at Hull Uni for a couple of years before leaving, so I stuck my fingers in the wound to stop the blood. My partner went back into the takeaway to grab some tissue and another woman handed me some tea towels as well, while we waited for the ambulance."  She added: "My partner managed to flag down a passing police van and quickly explained what had happened. Police told us they had made an arrest shortly after. "We were then in the police station all night giving statements and were reassured that the man's injuries were serious, but he was stable. I was offered counselling by police because it was very traumatic and I was covered head to toe in the victim's blood. "It still hasn't sunk in though – in that moment it didn't feel like it was me. I haven't slept all night and was meant to be in church in the morning because I'm getting married next year, but I didn't feel like I could attend." "I won't be able to get this out of my head for a long time. I'm scared it's going to hit me like a ton of bricks when it's finally sunk in – all I can hope is that man is okay and manages to make a full recovery."   In a statement on Saturday evening, Humberside Police said: "Police were called to Beverley Road in Hull shortly after 5pm today. A man has sustained a wound to his neck following an assault. "He has thought to have sustained serious, but not thought to be life-threatening, injuries. One man has been arrested and remains in custody while we continue our enquiries." Detective Inspector Kerry Bull said: "I would like to reassure the local community that this is thought to be an isolated incident with no risk to the wider public. The area has been cordoned off to allow officers to investigate the scene." Police are asking anyone with information that would help their inquiries to call the non-emergency number, 101, quoting log 402 of June 25.  