P-Valley made its big debut two years ago on Starz and has finally returned to the streaming service for its second series. Set at the strip club The Pynk, P-Valley focuses on the desires, struggles and everything in between of the dancers' lives. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the filming of P-Valley. The Pynk and P-Valley generally is set in the fictional town of Chucalissa, Mississippi. But in reality, the entirety of seasons one and two of P-Valley were shot in the state of Georgia in America. More specifically, Atlanta, where it took just six months to film series two, wrapping up production in February 2022. Fans have been impressed by how the crew have been able to transform the urban backdrop of Atlanta into the semi-rural town of Chucalissa, intrigued to know more about where some of the scenes were shot. READ MORE: Stranger Things fans expose secret season 4 villain working with Vecna Most of the filming for P-Valley happened on location in a mix of indoor and outdoor locations dotted throughout Atlanta. According to The Cinemaholic, a few scenes were shot near the city's East Point with filming also taking place in the southwest part of the Atlantic. There have also been reports on the whereabouts some of the strip club sequences were recorded. It is believed that these scenes in particular took place at Cheetah Club in West Peachtree Street, midtown Atlanta. It was an explosive ending when season one of P-Valley finished two years ago. Mercedes (played by Brandee Evans) got into a fight with Montavious (Cranston Johnson) in the Paradise Room, leaving Hailey (Elarica Johnson) able to sneak in and steal the money while he was preoccupied. When Uncle Clifford (Nicco Annan) realised there was trouble, she grabbed a gun and went down there and not too long after, three shots are fired. A pool of blood starts seeping out the door, leaving fans wondering who had been killed. DON'T MISS...'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen [ROYAL]Outlander’s Sam Heughan details ‘traumatic’ stand-off with Christies [EXPLAINER]Outlander’s Caitlin O’Ryan ‘shocked’ by Lizzie Wemyss twist  [REACTION] In the next scene, Uncle Clifford and her grandma are attending the public auction for The Pynk. Andre (Parker Sawyers) is in attendance and thinks he will just be able to purchase the club and its land with no issues. This is until Hailey shows up and outbids him, winning back The Pynk using Montavious' money that she stole. Later, when Mercedes asks Clifford "Is it took care of?" he assures her that it is before Hailey continues "because it's opening time at The Pynk". Season two is now well underway with episode three now ready to watch on Starz and Starzplay. The episode is simply called The Dirty Dozen and its synopsis reads: "Keyshawn and Lil' Murda embark on a new adventure. Meanwhile, Mercedes ventures into uncharted territory." Fans are going to have to watch the episode for themselves what happens next to the gang at The Pynk. P-Valley is available to watch on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.