Tim Henman has backed Nick Kyrgios to cause problems at Wimbledon and has claimed that the top seeds will hope to avoid the Australian in the early rounds of the tournament. Kyrgios reached the quarter-finals of Wimbledon in 2014 and Henman, who made it to the semi-finals four times in his career, believes that the likes of Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal will be desperate to avoid the controversial 27-year-old early on. “On a grass court his game, the weapons he has, he is absolutely at top of the list of people who will try to avoid him in the early rounds,” Henman told Tennis365. “The question mark is never to do with his tennis, he has the ability, but it is physical and mental. "Can he keep it together, keep his focus mentally and can he do it in five-set matches back-to-back in these Slams? Can he avoid those injuries that have at times affected him? I hope so because I am a big fan of his good stuff.” Whether Kyrgios can avoid off-the-court drama remains to be seen after he recently mocked Stefanos Tsitsipas on social media to reignite a long-standing rivalry. The Australian came from behind to defeat Tsitsipas last week at the Halle Open, and in the aftermath of the win responded to a tweet from the Greek star with laughter. Tsitsipas’ original tweet read: “The human brain is quite amazing. It functions 24/7 from the day we are born, and only stops when you are taking a test or speaking to someone attractive.” Kyrgios responded: “Hahaha this is hilarious.” The post may restart a rivalry that began at the 2018 US Open, where the Australian said: “He’s going to be very good. He isn’t very good now, but he’s going to be very good.” Kyrgios, who recently became the first client of Naomi Osaka’s agency Evolve, did reach the semi-final of the Halle Open in preparation for Wimbledon. However, he once again made headlines as he blasted a ball kid for not “running properly”, as he was defeated 4-6, 7-6, 7-6 by world No.12 and eventual champion Hubert Hurkacz. “You just put me off”, Kyrgios said when the volunteer initially dropped a ball before he overhit a forehand and lost the point. Kyrgios is stepping up his Wimbledon preparations at the Mallorca Open, having reached the semi-finals of his last three tournaments, and will face Serbian Laslo Dere in his opening match. The Australian arrived at the event in style when he pulled up in a white moped with a matching helmet, wearing Boston Celtics star Jayson Tatum’s jersey following their NBA Finals defeat to the Golden State Warriors. "Arrive to the tournament in style," the Canberra native stated. "It's so much fun."