The long Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend is just one week away, leaving little time left to prepare for street parties or home celebrations. No matter what you’re doing to commemorate Queen Elizabeth II’s 70 year reign, bunting is a must-have decoration to mark the occasion - so how can you make it? Here’s a simple ‘no-sew’ method for perfect Jubilee bunting that can be made by anyone. Bunting is one of the most iconic British decorations used to celebrate royal events, and the Platinum Jubilee is the perfect occasion to add it to your home or garden. Making it at home is easier than you may think too, with no needles or thread required. To make your own bunting, you will need: Using a pencil and ruler, mark out the desired size of your bunting triangles on the paper or cardboard and cut the template out. You can do this freehand on one section of the fabric if preferred and use this to size the rest of your bunting shapes. Pin the template triangle onto the sheet of fabric and cut around the edges using the scissors. Repeat this as many times as necessary to fill the length of your ribbon with evenly spaced, uniform triangles. You can use red, white and blue colours or for a patriotic look, or stick to silver and purple as a nod to the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Emblem. Patterns also work well, so you could try alternating between colours and decorative patterns on different flags. If you don’t want to buy new fabric, repurpose scraps of old clothing, paper or bags instead. As long as your flags are evenly sized and have neatly cut edges, the end result will not fail to impress. DON'T MISS:Xxxxxx Lay the full length of your ribbon or twine out on a flat surface and begin to position the triangles You should leave some space at either end of the ribbon to tie it to fencing, tables, or other surfaces. Position the triangular flag shapes on the string and fold the flat edge over the top of the string. Secure the flags in place using the mini wooden pegs. Repeat this with even spacing across the length of the ribbon or twine. For a uniform result, space the bunting flags so the flat edge touches those on either side along the length of the ribbon or twine. The flags should all be positioned with the pointed edge facing downwards. To secure the flags with fabric glue, simply glue a small line across the flat edge of each flag and press it onto the ribbon - you don’t need to fold it over. If you’re short on time or want an even simpler way of making your own bunting, you can download our ready-made Daily Express Jubilee bunting - all you need to do is cut it out and hang it up at home.