Rafael Nadal’s uncle Toni has provided a positive update on his nephew’s hopes of playing at Wimbledon later this month. There have been doubts over whether the 14-time French Open champion will feature in England after seeking further treatment for his chronic foot injury, and the 36-year-old has said that, unlike at Roland-Garros, he will not play in Wimbledon with injections. However, Toni has been optimistic about Nadal's chances of featuring at SW19. "I talked to him.” Toni told TennisNet. “At first he said: 'Everything hurts.' But when we spoke yesterday, he said it was much better. He wants to train. And if he has a little chance, he will play at Wimbledon. He goes on the court on Monday." Nadal will attempt to play in the Mallorca Open in preparation for Wimbledon, as he will test out whether he can compete despite suffering from Mueller-Weiss syndrome, a rare degenerative condition that affects bones in the feet. The Spaniard admitted he was going to use heat on the nerve to try and mediate any long-term pain, but should that be unsuccessful he would have to consider surgery. “I have been playing with injections on the nerves to numb the foot and that's why I was able to play during these two weeks,” he said. "I have no feeling in my foot, because my doctor was able to put anaesthetic injections on the nerves. That takes out the feeling on my foot. "I'm going to be in Wimbledon if my body is ready to be in Wimbledon. That's it. Wimbledon is not a tournament that I want to miss. I think nobody wants to miss Wimbledon. I love Wimbledon. "If I am able to play with anti-inflammatories, yes; to play with anaesthetic injections, no. I don't want to put myself in that position again." Nadal will hope to make his 15th Wimbledon appearance later this month, but the 22-time Grand Slam champion has hinted at a possible retirement despite major wins in France and at the Australian Open this year. "My career has been longer than I hoped for, I have achieved more success than I ever thought." The Mallorca-born star said. "What will happen in the future? I don't know what will happen. Obviously there will be a time when this is all over, because this has an expiration date. But I like to keep doing what I like as long as it is possible. Doubts do not bother me. In the end they are logical and I am the first to have them. "I think they help you stay awake and improve: when you have doubts it means that you are not so sure of yourself, and therefore do more to seek that security."