Davina McCall has admitted that celebrities are "terrified" of "being cancelled" as she addressed the subject of cancel culture. Speaking in an unearthed interview, the Big Brother host, 54, shared her thoughts on the subject with Rylan Clark. The star was quizzed by the X-Factor star about the effect that the culture has on celebrities. Davina said: "It's difficult in a different way. Everybody has an opinion. "With cancel culture, and this is the new thing that I think celebrities or actors or anybody in the public eye is the most terrified of is this culture of. "You say something and you get cancelled," she added. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman warns she'll 'mud wrestle' Susanna Reid over co-star The star went on: "I think that's such an interesting thing. "I go deep when I think about things and I was thinking, why is cancelling such a tough thing?" she said to Rylan on his Ry-Union podcast. Davina went on to scrutinise societies lack of forgiveness, adding that often an apology isn't enough anymore. She explained: "If somebody says something and I think, that's a celebrity that I have known for many years, one of the things that I think is really weird is hauling somebody over the coals for a tweet they made in 2011. "In 12 years, I've changed so much. "Sometimes people could have been racist or homophobic 10 years ago, 12 years ago and they might have met somebody along the way who's made them change the light. "And they could feel so ashamed of the way that they used to feel. "They get hauled over the coals and they apologise and that apology is still not enough," she said. DON'T MISS... Mark Rylance cancels Jerusalem shows after brother's death in accident [UPDATE]Nadiya Bychkova, 32 and beau Kai Widdrington, 26, make debut as couple [INSIGHT]Nicole Kidman, 54, stuns in black mini dress at husband's performance [ANALYSIS] Back in March, the star took to social media to thank her follower for their support after the death of her father from Alzheimer's disease earlier in the year. The 77-year-old had been diagnosed with the deadly brain condition just six years earlier and finally, after a sudden bout of illness, he died at the start of March. She told her 1.5milion followers: "Firstly I just want to thank you for all the support around the death of my dad," she addressed fans in a quavering voice. "I really felt it - thank you." The visibly emotional star continued: "Secondly I just want to go on about how much exercise helps me. "I've just done my first proper bit of exercise since he died - and yeah, it really helps," she confirmed. She also captioned the video by thanking fans for the "virtual hug", which she said was "really appreciated"