July is an exciting time for gardeners, with everything from green winter vegetables and light salad leaves ready to plant and a host of flowering plants ready to be pruned. While there’s an endless list of gardening jobs to do throughout the month, what should you be adding to your beds, borders, patches and pots? Express.co.uk spoke to the gardening experts to find out exactly what you should get going in your garden to mark the middle of summer. There’s so much to get done throughout the summer, and while July may be one of the quieter months of the season, there’s still a lot that can be sown and planted in British gardens. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Clare Cahill, CEO and owner of A Little Bird said: “July is a brilliant time to add pollinator-friendly plants to your garden to ensure you have plenty to attract wildlife right through to Autumn. “The days are long and (hopefully) warm giving you plenty of time to water new additions to your garden.” READ MORE: 10p hack to remove tea cup stains ‘in minutes’ with ‘no scrubbing’ Planting from established plants allows you to grow in-season blooms more quickly than if they are sown from seeds. So what exactly can you plant? If you find yourself with empty pots that were once home to vibrant spring bulbs, July is a great time to clean them out and add in some pretty dahlia flowers. Clare said: “There are beautiful single varieties that will give beneficial insects access to the pollen while brightening up your garden right through to October. “Take a look at Magenta Star, Joe Swift and Annika.” Single-flowered delphiniums are another beautiful addition for July, though you should opt for single-flowered varieties. Other flowers that can be grown in beds or pots and will flower this month include: Clare recommended taking a look at ‘Wild Swan’ anemone for a beautiful display of flowers into Autumn. If you’re looking for flowers to sow from seeds, there’s plenty of varieties that work well as transitional displays between spring and summer. Forget-me-not seeds come in pale blue, pink and white and can be scattered on garden borders now, and will be ready to flower in July next year. Wallflowers, foxgloves, sweet William, honesty, sweet rocket and aquilegia can all be sown into a seed tray now too. Don’t forget to transplant the established seedlings into your garden border in September for a beautiful display next spring. DON'T MISS:How to get rid of lawn weeds - 4 remedies that don't need weed killer [INSIGHT]Monty Don shares how gardeners ‘must’ plant their sweetcorn [ANALYSIS]DEAL OF THE DAY: Last chance to get free cards on flowers & plants [LATEST] The warmth of July is perfect for starting new crops, and there’s several types that are limited to being sown this month. Gardening expert Thompson and Morgan recommended sowing: Sow these indoors early in the month ready to be transplanted outdoors later in the year. This fragrant herb can be sown in pots to keep on your patio for now, though you should bring indoors for the winter. Sow this juicy pink vegetable directly into the ground now to secure an autumn harvest. Nantes Frubund, Adelaide and Amsterdam carrots can be sown directly into the ground for a quick harvest. These green vegetables can be sown directly into the ground to extend the harvest until autumn, or started in pots for a late August crop. Other vegetables which can be sown include: