The Platinum Party at the Palace had an incredible and diverse lineup of music stars performing outside Buckingham Palace on Saturday evening. After Queen and Adam Lambert kicked off the show with We Will Rock You, one of the absolute highlights had to be Andrea Bocelli belting out Opera favourite Nessun Dorma, with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra and a choir behind him. Bocelli continued on as the wind wobbled his microphone and as he reached his crescendo conclusion, the crowd went wild. In the comments on the video, Giovanni Caccamo wrote: “Indissoluble emotion. Soul of the world.” And Karen Wild simply put: “By far, the best performance of the night.” At the end of the clip, the camera turned to Prince Charles and Camilla in the Royal box, with the latter appearing to be tearing up. At the time, @jonie1303 tweeted: "I think Andrea Bocelli brought a tear or two to Camilla's eyes #PlatinumPartyatthePalace." And @jonsopel wrote: "Did #Camilla look a little emosh at the end of @AndreaBocelli? Wouldn’t be surprised, frankly. It was beautiful #PlatinumPartyatthePalace." Speaking with The Telegraph before he sang, Bocelli admitted he felt a strong pressure on getting such a performance just right. Bocelli said: “At concerts where I will only perform one piece that will appear on millions of TV screens, it’s like kicking a penalty, you know? The last penalty. It is psychologically difficult.” No doubt the singer will be pleased that he scored that penalty effortlessly. It’s all the more impressive given the star only lost his mother Edi Bocceli a week ago. DON'T MISSAndrea Bocelli celebrates Virginia’s 10th birthday: WATCH their duets [VIRGINIA BOCELLI]Matteo Bocelli makes stunning first solo Italian TV performance WATCH [MATTEO BOCELLI]Andrea Bocelli performs stunning Winter Olympics song – WATCH [ANDREA BOCELLI] A post at the end of May read: “It is with great sorrow that our staff announces the passing of Mrs. Edi Aringhieri Bocelli, Andrea’s mother. She will be dearly missed by her loved ones and all of us. She left her earthly home after a long, extraordinary life to join her beloved husband, Sandro, in Heaven. All our hearts are with Andrea and Veronica, Alberto and Cinzia, and the entire Bocelli family at this time. For those wishing to pay tribute to Edi’s memory, any donations to the ABF or another charitable institution shall be a flower – not cut, but living – to help celebrate her memory, for which we are grateful.”