Neil Gaiman has already produced an award-winning series for Amazon Prime Video, Good Omens, based on the fantasy novel he co-authored with Terry Pratchett. The bestselling novelist has now teamed with Netflix to bring his cult favourite comic book series, The Sandman, to life, but some fans weren’t too impressed by the first-look teaser released on Monday. Netflix has confirmed the first season of The Sandman will drop in early August with a new teaser trailer for the highly anticipated fantasy series. Based on Neil’s long-running comic book series, Tom Sturridge stars as the unlikely hero Morpheus, the king of dreams. The first trailer unleashes the Sandman onto the modern world for the first time after being kept captive for over 100 years. Fans of the original series have already started debating whether the upcoming streaming series can capture the surreal magic of the writer’s original world. READ MORE: 'Where's Tom Jones?' Viewers torn as Diana Ross closes Jubilee concert On Reddit, user Dubwell said: “I really wish HBO or Showtime picked this up. This looks very ‘Netflix’. “Pretty disappointed BUT I am holding out hope that the trailer was just generic and the show itself is great.” TheKingsGinger agreed and replied: “We've gotten a large enough sample size now to prove that, for whatever reason, Netflix just cannot create good adaptations. “Perhaps this will be the exception, but it's hard to imagine something as creatively challenging as Sandman being the breakthrough.” MichailAntonio also had low expectations for the series, commenting: “Netflix has an obsession with making shows for the largest demographics possible. “They make everything as dumb as f**k and simple for idiots and casual viewers. “When they make something good and interesting it is in spite of that, and they end up firing the execs responsible.” And Twitter user @SaintJorge2 fumed: “Neil Gaiman wanted to make a ‘faithful’ adaptation of the Sandman books and then goes ahead and flips the story to take place in 2021 with inaccurate castings and for what?? Netflix cash???” DON'T MISS:NCIS’ Brian Dietzen speaks out on effect of Mark Harmon exit [INTERVIEW]Conversations With Friends director on Rooney’s next book [INSIGHT]The Boys’ Jensen Ackles ‘had to fight’ for Soldier Boy role [EXCLUSIVE] However, others have remained optimistic about The Sandman after the new trailer revealed some impressive art direction and exciting casting. Conflicted Redditor YungEnron said: “Art direction looks dope! Acting... less so! Fingers crossed, kids.” “Sandman was an incredibly formative graphic novel for me as a teenage girl; Death is one of my favourite fictional characters of all time,” BlueskyKitsu said. “I have no idea how you could possibly translate its pages to the format of a TV series and hope to do it any amount of justice, and I don't envy the showrunners but they certainly nailed the aesthetics of it.” Neil and producers David S Goyer and Allan Heinberg certainly had an unenviable task on their hands when they decided to bring the "unfilmable" graphic novels to screen. Moreover, Gwendoline Christie will appear as Lucifer, taking over from Tom Ellis’ turn as the crime-solving devil from the very loosely adapted and wildly successful Netflix series based on Neil’s spin-off comic. Also filling out the main cast are Boyd Holbrook, Asim Chaudhury, Charles Dance and Jenna Coleman as occult detective Johanna Constantine. The Sandman will be released on Friday, August 5 on Netflix.