John Barrowman and his husband Scott Gill appeared on Sky News on Wednesday afternoon live from Berlin, Germany to report on the incident where a car drove into a crowd of people. The vehicle was driven into people on Rankestraße near Gedächtniskirche Memorial Church in Berlin. Initially taking to social media to share information from the ground, John had to sit by a “tree in case anything else came” down the road. Now safely inside, he appeared on Sky News, where he broke down into tears as he discussed what happened.  One fatality has been reported, with multiple people suffering injuries. Actor John and his partner witnessed the aftermath of the tragic incident. He said: “About 10 o’clock this morning we decided to go and buy a couple of t-shirts and things, as Scott’s going to a wedding and we are going on vacation beyond here. “We heard a noise when we were in the store, and we came outside to see police just zooming down the road. Read More: Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting  “There was a cafe across from us that had all of the chairs barrelled over and smashed through, and I think a Reno Cleo, a silver one that had looked like it had driven into the window." At first, the pair thought it was an accident as he added: “We thought it was an accident that we thought was inside the store. "So we started walking our way up the street, and it was about two city blocks we walked up, and then the police just swarmed, and we saw the dead person in the middle of the road, covered.” Explaining how the pair had just had dinner in that area last night, they couldn’t quite believe what had happened. “Anyway, it is not what we wanted to wake up to. We were having such a lovely time, and we were sharing it with all of my fan family on social media as we do with all our vacations and everything we do and never did I...” It was at this moment the actor had to pause as the gravity of the situation appeared to hit him and he began to get choked up. He apologised as he tried to continue: “Never did I in my life think I would be in the middle of a terrorist attack.” His partner, Scott, also looking emotional, comforted the teary-eyed Doctor Who star as he spoke. DON’T MISS…Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in as Gloria 'absolutely devastated' over Jubilee pageant [LATEST]BBC Breakfast ‘lining up GB News host’ as possible Dan Walker replacement [LATEST]Rod Stewart 'disappointed' by Harry and Meghan's treatment of Queen [LATEST] Cutting back to the news anchor as John looked down with his hand up to his face, he began to cry, and the news anchor added: “A pretty difficult thing to witness.” Not long before, as the TV personality mentioned, he had reported from the scene on social media. Sharing a series of videos and updates with his 505,000 plus Twitter followers, he said: “Update from the horrible situation in Berlin…We are ok. Jb.” “It’s really pretty bad guys,” John said in another clip.  