Mrs Hinch rose to fame on social media several years ago when she started to share unusual cleaning hacks. Now, her followers share their own advice on dedicated Facebook pages, including how to freshen up vases once used. Taking to the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Lisa Foster wrote: “How do you keep your vases clean and fresh after flowers have died?” Vases can become stained for a number of reasons including from the stems and hard water. The flower food may also sometimes result in a stain at the bottom of the vase. Vases can be tricky to clean, depending on the shape. READ MORE: Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow Mrs Hinch fans took to the comments to share their top tips. Elaine Weatherley wrote: “I wash them in soapy water.” Lizzie Grieve said: “Use hot soapy water.” Nick Collier commented: “Just wash in washing up liquid, they will look brand new.” DON'T MISS:Queen of Clean shares top tips for keeping your house cool [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ way to brighten clothing and bedding [COMMENT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer faces damp nightmare [VIDEO] Elise Matthews wrote: “Simple washing up liquid, cheap as chips.” Vases may need to be soaked if the stains are stubborn. It is also recommended to thoroughly clean the vase out before using again for flowers to make sure there are no washing up liquid remnants. Allison Lister commented: “Soak the vase in your sink with a drop of warm water and washing up liquid. “I use a sponge to dislodge any gunk and soak it further. “Flowers are much happier when it’s cleaned properly.” Other group members recommended using bicarbonate of soda and white vinegar. Ffion Bloomfield said the combination makes the glass “so shiny”. Louse Tyrell said: “Bicarbonate of soda and white vinegar.” Emma Roberts commented: “White vinegar.” Bicarbonate of soda is a mild alkaline that cleans, deodorises and acts as a gentle abrasive. This makes it great for getting rid of any stains in vases. When combined with white vinegar the baking soda reacts and the two products help to clean. Some group members recommended placing the vase in the dishwasher if it is allowed.