Luka Modric brutally mocked Mohamed Salah after Liverpool were beaten by Real Madrid in the Champions League final, Los Blancos star Rodrygo has revealed. The Spanish side were irked by comments made by Salah about seeking revenge in the build-up to May’s showpiece event. The Reds forward felt he had a score to settle following his side’s loss against Madrid in the 2018 European final. Salah suffered an injury following a strong challenge by Sergio Ramos and Liverpool went on to lose 3-1. And he ramped up the tension between the two sides in the build-up to this year’s final. “We have a score to settle,” a tweet from his account read after Madrid beat Manchester City in the semi-final. But his message appeared to motivate the La Liga outfit’s stars and an excellent performance led to a 1-0 victory in Paris. Several of their players were keen to reference Salah’s comments - and it has now emerged that midfielder Modric directly mocked the prolific Liverpool forward as the players gathered to collect their medals. JUST IN: Liverpool 'reach agreement' to sell Sadio Mane as Bayern clinch deal “I have a funny anecdote. Once the final was over, we lined up and Liverpool went by [to collect their medals],” Rodrygo told Cortes Podcast. “Salah passed by, Modric was in front of me - he greeted him and told him, ‘Okay, okay, you try again next time.” Modric played a key role in the game, which was won courtesy of Vinicius Jnr’s second-half strike. Goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois incredibly kept Liverpool at bay with several stunning saves. Carlo Ancelotti’s side seemed fired up by Salah’s comments about wanting revenge for the 2018 final. Federico Valverde suggested that the message was disrespectful, while defender Dani Carvajal shot back with a cutting riposte. DON'T MISS...Transfer news LIVE: Arsenal medical today, Spurs ready £77m bidLiverpool 'offer £85.5m' for Jude Bellingham but star won't join yetWest Ham 'celebrating' Liverpool signing Nunez as Moyes' fears eased “I don’t know if Salah or Liverpool are out for revenge,” the Spaniard said in a press conference. “It’s true that when you lose a Champions League final, you always want to have a second chance against the same team to beat them. Let’s hope it’s not an important burden for Salah to lose a second Champions League final against Real Madrid.” Losing the clash with Madrid was a disappointing culmination to an excellent campaign for Salah. The 29-year-old scored 31 goals across all competitions and shared the Premier League golden boot with Tottenham’s Son Heung-min. There remains doubt over Salah’s future, though, with just a year remaining on his contract. He has insisted that he will stay at Liverpool for one more season but there is distance between his demands and those of the Anfield hierarchy. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here