Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag reportedly thinks Frenkie de Jong is worth ‘every penny’ as he looks to land the Barcelona star. However, while that’s the case, the Red Devils board think differently. And with the transfer saga ongoing, there’s still no conclusion in sight. Manchester United have, for the last few weeks, been locked in talks with Barcelona for De Jong. The Catalan giants are open to parting ways with the 25-year-old, just three years after they beat Paris Saint-Germain to his signing from Ajax. United have lost Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic on free transfers, with Ten Hag believing both De Jong and Christian Eriksen would be top replacements. But, according to the Mirror, there’s a difference of opinion over at Old Trafford. United chiefs feel Barcelona are holding them to ransom, with the La Liga giants looking for as much money as possible to help balance their finances. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer Yet Ten Hag, in contrast, thinks De Jong would be worth every penny. He apparently wants De Jong to be a focal point of his team as he looks to bring the glory days back to Old Trafford at the first time of asking. The duo previously worked together at Ajax, helping the Dutch side defy the odds to reach the semi-finals of the Champions League in 2019. But United’s deal for De Jong is very much in limbo and there’s still no guarantee he’ll move to the Premier League. Publicly, the 25-year-old has kept quiet when asked about a potential move to the Red Devils this summer. Yet he’s reportedly resigned to leaving Barcelona behind for a new challenge after Xavi said he could be sold for economic reasons. Ten Hag also wants De Jong because he feels his former Ajax pupil would be a ‘statement’ signing for the club. And he’s keen on Eriksen, too, just over a year after the Denmark international suffered a cardiac arrest at the European Championships. United have tabled a contract offer to the midfielder. Yet while the financial terms of the deal are ‘acceptable’ to the 30-year-old, he may end up returning to Tottenham instead. Eriksen previously flourished for the north London giants, establishing himself as a popular player among fans in the process. And Tottenham are keen to bring the playmaker back to the capital, especially given they’ve got Champions League football to offer. Regarding De Jong, former Spurs and Real Madrid star Rafael van der Vaart recently opened up on his fellow Dutchman. And he And he urged his compatriot to leave the Nou Camp behind, saying: "I will explain to you why Frenkie is so good at the national team, because he's the only midfielder with these type of qualities here and he does what he wants. “At Barca there is Pedri, Gavi, Busquets and so on. All of a sudden he starts adjusting again. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "At Manchester United it will be just like at the national team, being the only one with his type of qualities. “I would move to Manchester United if I was him, just do it!" If De Jong does move to England, he’ll become the ninth player to play for both United and Barcelona. Henrik Larsson, Mark Hughes, Laurent Blanc, Jordi Cruyff, Gerard Pique, Victor Valdes, Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Alexis Sanchez have turned out for both teams over the years. De Jong could also become United’s 10th signing from La Liga, too, with Raphael Varane the last to arrive from Spain’s top flight.