Despite international and local condemnation, over the next few days, 15,000 dogs will be crammed into crates without food, water, or care and transported for days to Yulin, China, where they will be butchered in markets and restaurants. Desperate to stop the slaughter, activists have intercepted one lorry – described as a “truck from hell” – carrying 386 dogs on its way to the infamous dog-eating event. Video footage from the seizure shows horrific scenes of dogs crammed tightly into wire cages, panting furiously in sweltering heat. Some were wearing collars, suggesting they had been kidnapped from their guardians. All were reportedly dehydrated and starving. But, try as activists might, they can’t intercept every lorry. And the unfortunate dogs who end up at Yulin arrive in a dreadful state, with injuries from the sharp wire cages and crushed limbs. Once there, the dogs are handled roughly, seen as nothing more than a commodity. Some of the dogs are beaten on the head with metal pipes, and then their throats or groins are slashed so that they bleed to death. Others are bought live and handed to the customers for slaughter. Many of the animals are killed in front of each other, as some people believe the adrenaline flooding through the terrified dogs “improves the taste”. They’re then cut up and served in stews or as deep-fried crispy dog. Anyone outraged by this atrocity can write to the ambassador of the People’s Republic of China asking that he do everything in his power to create and strengthen animal welfare legislation in the country. But rather than pointing the finger only at other cultures, let’s also be honest enough to question our own habits – because once we do, we’ll see there are some double standards at play. In the same 10-day period, almost 29 million animals in the UK will endure unspeakable pain and suffering as they are slaughtered to satisfy human tastes. Sheep, cows, pigs, and chickens – like dogs –value their lives, and none of them want – or deserve – to be trapped in cramped crates, loaded onto filthy lorries, killed, and dismembered.     From a young age, we learn that puppies and kittens are friends, while chickens and pigs are food. We wouldn’t cook the family dog, but we’ll eat a pig or cow – calling it “pork” or “beef” – because we fail to make the connection that they are all living, feeling beings and that by any rational measure, their lives are equally important. Like the Yulin dogs who travel for hundreds of miles to their deaths, terrified animals right here at home are forced into crates or pens and sent on long journeys for fattening and slaughter. Millions of pigs are gassed in the UK every year, and they scream frantically as they suffocate. Cows throats are slit, sometimes when they are fully conscious and petrified. The Yulin dogs are not alone in being tormented and killed for a fleeting moment of taste. If the reprehensible dog-eating festival teaches us anything, let it be to focus our minds on who we put on our plates. If we believe it’s wrong to kill and cook dogs, the only rational response – given that all animals suffer when abused and have the same desire to live – is to stop eating animals, full stop. Taking a stand against violence towards everyone is the path to a more compassionate and peaceful world. 