Prince William is currently second in line to the throne. In recent years, in particular, over the past few months, Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge and William have taken on a more prominent role within The Firm. It has now been reported that the couple are already preparing for their futures as heads of the Royal Family. Speaking to Access Hollywood, Daily Mail's assistant editor Charlie Lankston discussed William and Kate's preparation for their royal future. Ms Lankston said: "Kate and William are really stepping up to the plate as far as leading the monarchy. "Now, William is not the next in line to the throne, his father Prince Charles is going to be the next monarch in the United Kingdom." She added: "However, William and Kate are very much already in that, kind of, waiting in the wings role." Ms Lankston added that William and Kate know that Prince Charles is "not a young spring chicken" so William's chance to take over the throne is probably "not too far in the future". READ MORE: Prince William 'furious' after Kate 'ridiculed' on frontline of Firm She states that "in comparison" to the Queen's reign, Charles's reign will be "very short-lived". Speaking on the Cambridges, she said: "William and Kate are already, not acting as though they are already the leaders of the monarchy, but they are taking on a huge amount of responsibility. "[This is] not just in terms of public engagements but also in terms of the way in which the monarchy is run, "They're making small, but very important changes, opening up the monarchy to a more modern point of view." Their changes are not in a way that "is noticeable every single day" but "bit by bit". READ MORE: William sparks fury after 'leaking gossip' about 'family fractures' with Harry and Meghan Ms Lankston added that the couple have "helped the monarchy to evolve" and for it to "embrace new traditions". She also stated that they have helped "maintain the important heritage of the past" whilst also making small changes. The couple, who have been married for over a decade, are growing immensely in popularity amongst royal fans. Speaking recently on GB News, Angie Best discussed how she backs the couple to be the next in line to the throne, ahead of Charles and Camilla. DON'T MISS Ms Best stated that this country needs "youth" and "vitality", adding that Charles and Camilla would be "wonderful advisors to William and Kate". On Wednesday, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge attend the unveiling of a national monument to celebrate the dreams and courage of the Windrush generation at London's Waterloo station. During his speech, William claimed that he and Kate have "learned a lot" following protests on their royal tour in the Caribbean in March. READ NEXT: