Manchester United have already been told that Declan Rice would make the best replacement for Paul Pogba after the Frenchman's exit was confirmed. Pogba will leave Old Trafford at the end of June when his contract expires. United will likely attempt to replace him through the transfer market as Erik ten Hag seeks to rebuild his midfield. The Dutchman has been given a headstart in that search, with United legend Teddy Sheringham having urged them to sign Declan Rice as Pogba's replacement back in March. “It’s going to be hard [to keep him]. I spoke to West Ham supporters and said, ‘he is the best midfielder in the world at the moment’. I rate him highly. He’s got everything a central midfielder needs," Sheringham told Lord Ping. "He understands the game, he’s got good pace, he can control the ball, pass it, make good tackles and get forward. He has the stature of Steven Gerrard in midfield - he’s that dominant now that even when he’s getting closed down, he’s got good pace and power about him that he can get away from midfielders. That’s very unusual to have that in a central midfield position. READ MORE: Man Utd have De Jong transfer belief after Pogba savings revealed “[Declan would be an upgrade on Pogba] because Declan is the best midfielder in the world. Pogba is a talented boy, but leads with the wrong character. He doesn’t inspire people around him, he doesn’t inspire his supporters around him. Whereas someone like Declan does. You want to roll with him, the way he plays the game.” Rice is thought to be on Ten Hag's shortlist of targets following an impressive few seasons at West Ham. But the Hammers are likely to drive a hard bargain for the England international, with three years still remaining on his contract. DON'T MISS: Man Utd’s Paul Pogba misery continues amid seven-figure payout (NEWS)Pogba 'sent Solskjaer text' pleading for Man Utd stay before decision (INSIGHT)Man Utd ace Paul Pogba's next move obvious as PSG make final decision (TRANSFERS) The 23-year-old has developed into one of the Premier League's best midfielders under the management of David Moyes. As Sheringham highlighted, Rice would also bring much-needed leadership to the United dressing room. That is because he captained West Ham for much of the season, with skipper Mark Noble mainly featuring on the bench. If United are able to find a way to bring West Ham's price down, then Sheringham's analysis makes it clear he is the man they need to replace Pogba.