It was the first time Charles and Camilla had met his youngest grandchild and they were said to be “absolutely thrilled” to see the whole family. A royal source revealed details about the reunion after Harry and Meghan brought three-year-old Archie and his little sister Lilibet, who turned one during the trip, back to the UK for a short visit.  Prince Harry and the Prince of Wales reportedly have had a troubled relationship since 2020 when the Sussexes stepped down from royal life and relocated to the United States with their family. The source told The Mirror it was “wonderful” for the family to be back in the UK for the Jubilee celebrations. They said: “It was fantastic to see them. It was wonderful to have them back in Britain. “The Prince and the Duchess were absolutely thrilled to see them.  “The Prince, of course, hasn’t seen his grandson Archie for a bit of time and so it was very, very, very special to have some time with him. “He hadn’t met Lili, his granddaughter, and so to meet her was very emotional, a very, very wonderful thing.” During the visit, Lilibet also met her great-grandmother the Queen for the first time, after whom she is supposedly named.  READ MORE: Edward and Sophie: From reluctant royals to Queen's 'firm favourites' Lilibet has been the Queen’s nickname amongst other members of the Royal Family since she was a small child. Her parents also hosted an intimate first birthday party for her, which was reportedly attended by some of her royal cousins including Mia, Lena and Lucas Tindall and Savannah and Isla Phillips. A new picture of Lilibet was released to mark the special occasion, featuring the little one in a blue dress sitting in the garden.  DON'T MISS:GB news: Guest slams ‘impossible’ bid for Brexit Britain [BREXIT]Andy Murray delivers blunt three-word response to John Isner loss [WIMBLEDON]Horror as two men kiss three-year-old child - police appeal [LATEST] The image was thought to have been taken by a close friend of the couple Misan Harriman. Meghan and Harry made one public appearance for the Platinum Jubilee as they attended the Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral on June 3 but were not seen at any of the other events. They returned to California on June 5 before the final pageant had even finished. 