Chelsea chiefs are reportedly in doubt over the futures of Marcos Alonso, Timo Werner, Hakim Ziyech, Christian Pulisic, Kepa Arrizabalaga and captain Cesar Azpilicueta, despite Thomas Tuchel wanting to keep them beyond the summer. The German boss has been promised as many as six new signings this summer. Tuchel is understood to want to keep them at Stamford Bridge for further squad depth as the Blues are set to compete in the Champions League and with the change in rules that will allow five substitutions from next season. Although Azpilicueta is being linked with a move to Barcelona, the German boss is willing to keep the veteran “Given the fact that we lose key defenders already, it’s not the ideal scenario to think about losing Azpi, even though I can understand his personal point of view,” Tuchel said last season when discussing the club's transfer plans. “At some point, if you are a legend which he is, you deserve from me and the club a second look at it, to see if there’s maybe an exception from the rule and we are still in this process. I would hope strongly (that he stays) and he knows this but we are still in the talks to find out the ideal solution.” READ MORE: Leeds 'receive mystery £60m Raphinha bid' from English club as Arsenal and Spurs circle  Meanwhile, new owner Todd Boehly has promised Tuchel a transfer kitty in the region of £200million to spend this summer, as they aim to close the gap on Manchester City and Liverpool following a third place finish last season. But the club’s summer spendings could be further boosted by sales, including the one for Romelu Lukaku, who joined Inter Milan on a season-long loan deal for £7m. While the club will not be looking to sign a like-for-like replacement for Lukaku, Tuchel wants top-class attackers this summer, and has identified the likes of Raheem Sterling, Ousmane Dembele, Richarlison and Gabriel Jesus as potential targets for Boehly to go after. DON'T MISS THE LATEST TRANSFER GOSSIPMan Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinationsChelsea 'plot PSG transfer hijack' after Inter Milan receive opening swap deal offerTottenham 'prepared to make player-plus-cash offer' for Man Utd target Antony  A big-money move for Juventus’ defender Matthijs de Ligt could also be on the cards after the Dutch has rejected a new deal at Turin, favouring a move to the Premier League. While Sevilla’s Jules Kounde and Jonathan Clauss are also on Tuchel's wish list for central defence. Boehly's arrival has already seen major changes, with club director Marina Granovskaia following Bruce Buck after 18 years as the Blues' chairman. That leaves the American for now, filling both the chairman and sporting director roles at Stamford Bridge.