The Summer I Turned Pretty dropped on Amazon Prime Video on June 17 and has quickly made it to the top of most watched shows on the streaming platform. The show is an adaptation of the New York Times bestselling author Jenny Han 2009 book of the same name. Han, who also serves as a co-showrunner and producer on the series, also wrote To All the Boys I’ve Loved Before which was a huge hit for Netflix. But what about the future of The Summer I Turned Pretty? Yes, is the short answer. Fans of the show can expect more in the pipeline after Amazon Prime Video gave the show the green light on June 8. The renewal came ahead of season one’s premiere, suggesting the streamer was confident about the success of the show - which has turned out to be the right move. Speaking about the recommission, Han said: “When I decided to adapt Summer for television, I knew we’d need more than one season to honor [sic] the story we are telling. “To receive a second season pickup ahead of the premiere of season one is beyond my wildest dreams. READ MORE: To All the Boys sequel: Is Always and Forever the final movie? She added: “I am so grateful to Amazon Studios for this amazing vote of confidence in our show, and cannot wait to bring our incredible team back together to tell the next chapter in our story.” The Summer I Turned Pretty is a co-production between Amazon Studios and production company wiip. Paul Lee, the CEO of wiip, said: “We’re incredibly excited to continue on this journey with Jenny and the talented team at Amazon to make Season Two of this beloved young adult series.” Season two will see Jenny Han and Sarah Kucserka serve as show runners. The main cast are expected to be making a comeback for the second outing including Lola Tung, Jackie Chung, Rachel Blanchard, Christopher Briney, Gavin Casalegno, Sean Kaufman, Alfredo Narciso, and Minnie Mills, with Colin Ferguson and Tom Everett Scott. Several cast members have shared their relation about the show’s renewal with Tung saying she was "excited to see how the relationships evolve and how the characters continue to grow." While Briney added: "I want to know what happens! I read the book, but I haven't seen the script yet.” Season two is likely to see more characters brought into the story as the coming-of-age tale in the idyllic location of Cousins Beach gets bigger. The Summer I Turned Pretty consists of three novels - the first published in 2009 shares its name with the show; It’s Not Summer Without You published in 2010, and We’ll Always Have Summer from 2011. The second outing is most likely to be taking its cue from It’s Not Summer With Your with Belly (played by Tung) returning to Cousins after falling in love in season one. Belly will find herself now reluctantly going back to the place she once loved to spend her summer with things very different to before. Jeremiah (Gavin Casalegno) calls Belly asking her help after Conrad (Christopher Briney) goes missing. DON'T MISS...To All the Boys 2 - Do Lara Jean and Peter stay together? [EXPLAINER]To All the Boys ending explained: What happened at the end? [INSIGHT]To All The Boys I've Loved Before deleted scenes: Why THIS was CUT [ANALYSIS] Belly knows what she must do as she tries to make things right and find Conrad. Han also teased to Today what fans could expect from the show, saying viewers would see the the “other seasons” with the show leaving its titular summer. She also said there was “a lot more road to hoe” and Belly’s world would be getting a “bit bigger” in the forthcoming run. There’s no word yet on when production will be getting underway with the script likely to be in the writing and drafting process. The Summer I Turned Pretty is streaming on Amazon Prime Video now