There’s nothing worse than worrying about how you’re going to remove stubborn stains from clothes. Express.co.uk spoke to Howard Moss, CEO at Astonish about a hassle-free way to remove stains from clothes and the best products to use. When asked what is the best product to use to get rid of stains from clothes, Howard suggested a product combination. “Astonish’s Fabric Stain Remover trigger and Oxy Active Powder,” he revealed. “Tip – treat any stains immediately before they dry for the best results. “Spray or create a paste or solution with the oxy and dab onto the stain,” he added. Astonish’s Fabric Stain Remover is a “cupboard staple”. It can “swiftly remove stains from fabric” or can be used to “treat clothes prior to washing”. READ MORE: Warning against grout cleaning hack - ‘worst way to tackle mould’ The active formula is said to “penetrate deep into fibres to break down and disperse the stain”. While it is “tough on stains” it is “gentle on fabrics”, and is suitable for white and coloured fabrics. In terms of how best to use the stain remover, Astonish advises: “Remove excess soiling by blotting/dabbing if wet or gently brushing if dry. “Treat stains immediately and before they dry for best results. “Spray the stained fabric on both sides and leave for 10 minutes. “Hand or machine wash as appropriate with your normal laundry detergent.” DON'T MISS...Food storage hack: How to keep celery crunchy for 4 weeks [GUIDE]Cornwall Airbnb superhost says people snubbing holiday lets [COMMENT]Camilla Parker Bowles’ favourite meal is a British household staple [INSIDER] As for the Oxy Active Powder, it is a non bio fabric stain remover. The powder is “ideal for removing everyday stains from fabrics as well as eliminating unpleasant odours and brightening fabrics” - the perfect three-in-one laundry product. To use Oxy Active Powder, Astonish recommends: “Add the powder using a teaspoon and the dosage guidance to boost stain removal. “Suitable for use in washing machines, for hand washing and soaking or for use as a pre-treatment prior to washing.” If you want to use it in a wash, add four teaspoons into the washing machine drawer or drum. For best results, wash at 40°C or above. To soak a stain, check the dose recommended on the side of the tub. READ MORE: How to remove permanent marker stains from clothes using milk - ‘easy’ “Ensure the powder is fully dissolved and soak for 30-60 minutes,” the cleaning brand says. “Wash as normal, rinse and dry. For extra tough stains or strong malodours soak overnight.” To pre-treat, ensure the powder is fully dissolved and pour or gently dab the solution onto stains. Leave for 15-30 mins. Wash as normal, rinse and dry. Repeat with longer times for stubborn stains. But how well do they work? Both products have a five-star rating online. One customer, Aimee said: “Absolutely love this stain remover! Amazing getting those stubborn stains out of my baby girl's clothes.” Emma P commented on the Fabric Stain Remover: “Best ever. I use this on so much stuff. Better than any other stain remover on the market and I’ve tried them all.” The Oxy Active Powder has been called a “little tub of magic dust” by Craig W who spilt red wine on a white shirt. Keren J wrote: “Got Lily pollen off my white top. Amazing results.” Fabric Stain Remover is £1.19 for a 750ml from Astonish direct. Oxy Active Powder can be purchased directly from Astonish; £2.49 for 835g or £3.49 for 1.65kg. If you buy the bigger tub, that works out to be 4.5p a scoop. Combined with a spritz of the stain remover, it works out to be around 5p a treatment.