MPs overwhelmingly voted in favour of the controversial Northern Ireland Protocol Bill on Monday night, which would allow the UK to scrap Brexit trade arrangements for Northern Ireland. However, the bill has not only been met with heavy criticism from the European Union but also from a number of Conservative Party members, branding it “illegal” and “unnecessary”. The Northern Ireland Protocol is part of the UK’s Withdrawal Agreement with the EU and sets out special arrangements for Northern Ireland to ensure it remains border-free, allowing a free flow of goods from Great Britain and vice versa through a “green channel”. It would allow products to be sold in Northern Ireland under either EU or UK rules and gives UK ministers more power to alter tax and spending policies in Northern Ireland. Despite the possibility of sparking a trade war with the EU, which is naturally resentful towards the Bill, MPs voted 295 to 221 in favour of it. This means the proposed law will now proceed to line-by-line examination at the committee stage over three days.  READ MORE: Brexit: MPs vote for Liz Truss's legislation  Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said the UK had to legislate with urgency in order to persuade Northern Ireland's Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) to return to the power-sharing institutions it has boycotted since February. However, a number of Tory MPs abstained from voting on the Bill held in the House of Commons last night, joining the EU in its criticisms that the move would be illegal, and that it “breaks a solemn international treaty”, according to former minister Andrew Mitchell. Former Prime Minister Theresa May described the Bill as a breach of international law that would "diminish the standing of the United Kingdom in the eyes of the world". Simon Hoare, Conservative chair of the Commons Northern Ireland affairs committee, described the Bill as "a failure of statecraft" that "puts at risk the reputation of the United Kingdom".  Mr Hoare told MPs: “The arguments supporting it are flimsy at best, and irrational at worst … How in the name of heaven can we expect to speak to others with authority when we ourselves shun at a moment’s notice our legal obligations?” A total of 72 Tory MPs abstained from the vote, including the likes of Theresa May and Sir Geoffrey Cox. The full list includes:  Prime Minister Boris Johnson predicted earlier on Monday that the laws could go through “fairly rapidly” and be on the statute books by the end of the year. The Bill is now expected to be fast-tracked through parliament with a condensed committee stage of just three days, instead of the usual two or three weeks. 