Britain is currently reeling from the worst impacts of a global fossil fuel energy crisis as UK households have been hit with eye-watering energy bills. Last month, Ofgem announced that the price cap for household energy bills would be raised to around £2,800 by October. The regulatory body warned that this price rise would result in millions of households being thrust into fuel poverty, causing the Government to scramble to find measures to alleviate pressure on households. One solution that Prime Minister Boris Johnson is reportedly considering is offering insulation to thousands of homes before winter, decreasing their energy consumption and thus slashing bills. Mr Johnson has ordered ministers to divert over £1billion from existing schemes and invest them in insulating poorer households. According to the Times, during a meeting, one No. 10 official suggested that the scheme should be called “Insulate Britain”. However, that plan was scrapped as it that was the name of an environmental activist group that caused widespread disruption by blocking major highways.  The programme will now be dubbed the “Great British Insulation Scheme”, although concerns have been raised about whether it will apply in devolved administrations. Under this proposed plan, the Government will top up the “energy company obligation”, which is levied from bills and is used to fund energy-efficiency measures for poorer households. The scheme could be expanded to support a larger number of households, even in the middle-income range, if people are willing to make a contribution. In order to fund the programme, the Government could redirect money from the £1billion Public Sector Decarbonisation scheme, which is aimed at making schools, hospitals and other public buildings more energy-efficient. READ MORE: Energy crisis lifeline: 'Triple win' offered for millions The UK may also divert funds from the new £450million Boiler Upgrade Scheme that subsidises heat pumps for up to £5,000. Despite launching the scheme very recently, the Government has pulled all communication around it. However, ministers told Mr Johnson that it may be too late to divert those funds. Chris Skidmore, a Tory MP who founded the Net Zero support group, told the paper the Government needed to prioritise schemes that reduced energy use amid soaring energy prices. DON'T MISS: Russia to cut Germany’s gas TOMORROW – But Berlin has an £8.6bn plan [REVEAL] Macron warned of horror ‘nuclear accident’ at EDF’s plants [REPORT] Germany sends warning to Putin in 'territorial command' launch [INSIGHT]