Roo Irvine has become a familiar face to BBC viewers as she often makes appearances as an expert on Antiques Road Trip and Bargain Hunt. In an interview, the 42-year-old admitted that a career in antiques "chose" her after taking a break from her job in marketing due to a tragedy in the family. Discussing how she landed her role on the BBC programmes and in the world of antiques, Roo began: "I would say it chose me. "My husband and I worked in the marketing world and a big, heartbreaking change in family circumstances a few years ago, made us step away from life for a while. "When we resurfaced, we opened a small antique shop in the village and one day, Antiques Roadtrip came visiting with Paul Laidlaw. "I was asked to join the team, and the rest is history. I believe life has its own plans for you, whether we know it or not." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jacob Gallagher's linked to Nicola King's attacker The heartbreaking change Roo referred to was the death of her father, which she has openly spoken about in the past. In another interview, the expert recalled how her father and her partner's father died within three weeks of each other and after living with her mum for six weeks, the couple had to "find their feet again". "We'd been with my mum for five... six months and we thought, well, we still have to pay the bills, what do we do?" Roo said on the Things I Forgot Were Good For Me podcast. "And we recently became addicted to auctions, and we furnished our big Victorian house from them and we had so much surplus stuff. "I'm just a magpie, my hand is always up in the air at an auction. "And my hubby said, 'Well listen, why don't we start selling some of these on eBay online?'" At that moment, Roo and her husband began their small antique empire. The duo began selling items online and it wasn't long until their opened a shop of their own. DON'T MISS...Gardeners' World's Adam Frost opens up on new role away from BBC [INSIGHT]Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe opens up on filming ’traumatic’ scene [VIDEO]Brenda Blethyn admits she'd turn down Vera role today [NEWS] "I was very hesitant," the expert confessed. "We only discovered antiques because we discovered auctions and wanting to furnish a house and that's the first real contact I had with beautiful antiques that were one 200 to 300 years old." In 2015, BBC bosses from Antiques Road Trip got in touch with Roo and asked to visit their shop. The expert said she had been working on the show for two years before she was also approached to feature on Bargain Hunt. "It didn’t take me long to think about it," Roo admitted. "Both shows are so different in terms of the daily routine but brilliant to work on in their own right." However, if her career didn't lead her toward antiques, Roo explained she would probably still be working in marketing. When asked what other trade she'd love to do, the expert added: "But if I could really choose, I would have been working in the food world as a food critic. "I am a huge foodie and it is probably my biggest passion, aside from antiques." Bargain Hunt is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.