Weeds automatically make gardens look overrun and overgrown, with common areas like between paving stones and on pathways often looking untidy. While herbicides are often touted as the most effective way to banish them, there are plenty of reasons why gardeners might not want to use a chemical treatment - particularly those who have kids or pets. Fortunately, there are a variety of natural ways to get rid of weeds, and they can be just as helpful when it comes to achieving your ideal garden. A weed isn’t so much a class of plants as it is any sort of plant that’s growing somewhere that you don’t want it to. Gardeners will often find them growing alongside existing (and desired) plants and trees, as well as throughout lawns. When looking for natural ways to get rid of weeds, it’s often important to know exactly what class of weed you’re dealing with. That helps you determine whether you can simply treat the visible part of the weed or if you’d be better off removing the entire root system so that they don’t simply pop up again the following year. READ MORE: ‘The easiest and cheapest’ way to kill weeds without using chemicals Laura Mueller, gardening expert at Moving.com, explained the many uses of vinegar, one of which serving as a “natural herbicide”. She said: “Vinegar is a go-to natural method for doing everything from unclogging drains to sanitising your fruits and veggies, and it can also serve as a natural herbicide.” To use the liquid, Laura suggested: “To use it, put vinegar in a spray bottle and go to work on the weeds. “You’ll want to use a special horticultural vinegar that you find at garden centres rather than the standard white vinegar you keep in the cleaning cabinet. DON'T MISS: How to clean oven racks for ‘sparkling results’ using washing powder [TIPS]DIY mum transforms dated kitchen into perfection for under £800 [INSIGHT]Simple switch to save £300 on energy bills - adds ‘significant saving’ [EXPERT] “Horticultural vinegar has higher acidity than the stuff you buy at the grocery store, and will effectively work to destroy the roots of many types of weeds for good.” Avoid using vinegar on lawn weeds as it will damage the grass and soil. Vinegar is great to use between paving stones as gardeners don’t typically have to worry about damaging surrounding plants or grass. Experts advise spritzing the weeds with the mixture at midday as the sun will help to burn away the weeds. The high level of acetic acid in the vinegar will help to burn the leaves and dry out the weeds - killing them for good. Gardeners can repeat this method every two weeks until your paving stones are weed-free. While it is more effort, removing weeds by hand is another effective method. Laura explained: “It may be time intensive, but the best way to get rid of weeds - especially perennial weeds - is to remove their root systems. “To do it, all you really have to do is pull them out from the ground, making sure to rip out both the flowering portion above the ground and the roots below.” Not only does this lead to an immediately better looking garden, it also helps ensure that weeds won’t come back. The best way to rip out weeds is with a weed puller, according to the expert. She suggested: “Look for standing weed pullers, which don’t require you to hunch over for hours at a time. “If you don’t want to buy anything new, you could also use a trowel from your existing garden supplies, but they’re a little less precise and could aerate additional soil thus making it more likely additional seeds will spread.”