Producers for the Apple TV+ series Bill Lawrence and Brendan Hunt have remained adamant their surprise success Ted Lasso won’t be continuing beyond its third season. With quite possibly the final outing for AFC Richmond currently in the works for the streamer, series regular Brett Goldstein has the latest word on whether the plans have changed. British actor Brett has insisted Ted Lasso will still be ending with its third season. After becoming a sleeper hit during the first Covid lockdown, Jason Sudeikis’ plucky football coach finally returned for a considerably darker second instalment last year. Now the stage has been set for a dramatic conclusion to Ted’s story, is there still a small chance the show’s popularity can create demand for more seasons in the future? Sadly, Brett doesn’t think a fourth season of Ted Lasso is currently in the pipeline. READ MORE: Simon Cowell slammed by BGT fans over wildcard announcement 'A joke!' “We are writing it like that,” he reiterated his producers’ and co-writers’ plans for the series. “It was planned as three. Spoiler alert — everyone dies.” Brett may have been joking about a bleak ending to the otherwise heartwarming drama, but season two has certainly set up a darker tone for the Richmond club going forward. Not only is Ted’s difficult mental health journey expected to be explored further, but the team now has their very own nemesis in resentful coach Nathan Shelley (played by Nick Mohammed). Unfortunately for the show’s die-hard fans, it appears the upcoming clash between Richmond and West Ham will most likely bring the series to a dramatic, albeit somewhat premature conclusion. Starting out as a conventional and upbeat sitcom in the vein of The Office, many viewers may have been expecting Apple’s headline comedy to continue for a similar stretch of time. Rather than churning out several more seasons, however, the creators have opted for a different tact to ensure Ted Lasso doesn’t suffer from diminishing returns. While season two has set up some darker twists and turns to come, Brett also maintained the series won’t abandon the streak of optimism which first attracted its millions of worldwide viewers. DON'T MISS:Conversations With Friends director on Rooney’s next book [INSIGHT]NCIS’ Brain Dietzen speaks out on effect of Mark Harmon exit [INTERVIEW]The Boys’ Jensen Ackles ‘had to fight’ for Soldier Boy role [EXCLUSIVE] He explained to the Times: “The nice part of the show is about people trying to be better. “And that’s unusual. Our public discourse [on social media] is terrible. It is now normal for people to be horrible to each other. “Our show shouldn’t be as refreshing as it is — that says more about the world it was brought into. “I’ve got far more stories about people being lovely than about people being a nightmare.” Could this mean Nathan’s turn to the dark side could be redeemed by the time Ted Lasso’s third season has come to an end? “I do think there is so much stuff put out into the world on the internet and in art that tells you the world is bad,” Brett added. “And the world might be bad — but the majority of people are not. Also, the older I get, the less horrible s**t I want to see. I hate seeing people get hurt.” Fans still aren’t quite sure what to expect when Ted and the team return for their final season, but the upcoming premiere will certainly be one to watch when it finally surfaces. Ted Lasso seasons 1 and 2 are available to stream on Apple TV+.