Yellowstone has finally arrived in the UK thanks to Paramount+ with seasons one to three available on the streaming service while fans Stateside eagerly await the fifth run to drop in November. In the meantime, the likes of Kelly Reilly, Luke Grimes, Cole Hauser, Kelsey Asbille and Kevin Costner have banded together for an all-new interview from the ranch in Montana, titled A Dutton Interview from the Ranch on the show’s YouTube account. The cast delved into how filming on the fifth season is going as well as what life is like now the Taylor Sheridan-penned drama has skyrocketed in global popularity. And one person, in particular, Kelly, revealed the reception to Beth hasn’t always gone down well with fans. In fact, along with Cole, the two revealed their on-screen romance has even led to “death threats” from certain parts of the fandom. When asked about “polarised” fan reactions due to Beth’s ruthless nature, Kelly said: “Well, I think they are more just disappointed that I am not Beth.” READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5 theory: Rip to kill Lloyd as star drops huge clue As the cast chuckled, Kelly continued: “I think it would go down much better if, you know, I were mean to them or wanted to go tear up a bar with them or something, “And then they get me and it’s a bit of a letdown I think. “But people - I was once walking in an airport and these two women had Beth Dutton t-shirts on with my lines literally on (them). You know, ‘I’m a tornado,’ And I was like, ‘This is…’ “You can’t let it infiltrate (your mind) too much,” Kelly admitted. She went on: “We’re talking about it now because it’s fun but I try to stay grounded in it and keep to the roots of it and I don’t want it to turn into a cartoon in anyway. “Sort of the root of her is what’s important and yes, it’s fun all of that stuff, you work such great lines and one-liners for her and even when I read them - we used to talk about it - we would all be shocked that someone would say that. “And I was the idiot who was like, ‘I’ll do it!’ And it’s really worked, it’s a fun character to play - not so fun to be out in the world as the face of it.” Cole was then asked if he was aware women may be envious of Beth for shacking up with Rip, which led to the actor revealing a pretty harrowing revelation. DON'T MISS:Yellowstone's Kelsey Asbille shares 'terrible' part of Monica roleYellowstone season 5: John 'confirmed' as Governor after filming clueYellowstone’s Kelly Reilly on ‘heartbreaking’ John Dutton row “She used to get death threats,” Cole revealed to the shocked interviewer. “I did, yeah,” Kelly chipped in, much to everyone’s surprise, as Cole continued: “This is not… I’m being serious. “She’s told me a few times. I was like, ‘That’s insane,’” Cole added. Despite the negative minority from some fans, Reilly will still reprise her role as Beth in the fifth run of Yellowstone. And it’s bound to be one of Beth’s most explosive yet as she faces intriguing storylines with the likes of Jamie Dutton (Wes Bentley) and Market Equities juggernaut Caroline Warner (Jacki Weaver). When it comes to Jamie, he’s truly under Beth’s thumb after she blackmailed him into murdering his biological father Garrett Randall (Will Patton) - only to blackmail him again by photographing him dumping the body. And with Caroline, Beth is waiting to see how she’ll exact revenge after the Dutton tried to sabotage their plans from within. Yellowstone season 5 premieres on The Paramount Network in the USA on November 13. Seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Paramount+ in the UK now.