 After 14 years, 26 series and 300 episodes, viewers will no longer be able to tune into Leigh Francis on Thursday nights. The ITV veteran took to Twitter to thank his team and ITV2 for “the longest most fun party”. The statement was accompanied by a video highlight reel of the much-loved show’s best bits.   On hearing the news, fans quickly took to social media sharing their disappointment at the dumping of popular series, Celebrity Juice. One user posted: "A bonkers but brilliant show, I've seen things on there I never thought I would! “How the team came up with some of the ideas is beyond me. Thank you for the laughs. x" Another added to this by expressing shame at the ending of an era: “I’m absolutely gutted this is ending. “But what a great run it’s had. Will definitely miss that on Thursday nights after the final 2 specials air." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret  It is hard to believe the regular fixture first hit screens way back in 2008, with Holly Willoughby and Fearne Cotton leading things as team captains. Since then, the original comedy panel gameshow centring on tabloid news has evolved into a household name and iconic TV listing. The show has seen numerous famous faces across the years, including the likes of Paddy McGuinness and Spice Girl royalty, Mel B. It's not the first time Celebrity Juice has hit the headlines for a farewell do as fans were also disappointed to see the departure of Holly Willoughby in 2020.   The This Morning presenter decided to leave the show after “12 years of fantastic chaos”. Like Lemon, she took to her platforms to share the news with fans writing: “I can’t quite believe what we’ve done and how quick that time has gone. Thank you to you all for watching. We’ve always had the loudest and best audiences. "Also a huge thank you to @itv2 for believing in the show in the first place and for all of your support. “It’s time for me to hand over my team captain seat to some lucky lucky person. I love the bones of you Lemon! Thank you for making me laugh for twelve years...” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Nicola King to exit as she murders beloved villager [THEORY]Lesley Dunlop age: How old is Emmerdale's Brenda Walker star? [INSIGHT]Neighbours theory: Clive Gibbons exits as secret life exposed [SPOILER]    Once the chair was empty, it took a few months to find replacements but it was then Emily Atack and Laura Whitmore’s turn to stepped into the well-worn shoes. Emily Atack said shortly after joining: “Every time I’ve been on Juice in the past I’ve had such a good time, and now I’m doing it with two of my best mates and I’m a ruddy team captain!!!" Going out with a bang, details of the farewell episodes are being kept under wraps but if they match the final season’s line-up, viewers should be in for a treat.  The previous series’ last episode aired on May 26 and included guests Big Narstie, Rachel Riley, Katherine Ryan, Aston Merrygold – to name but a few. Audiences can catch the last hurrah for the show towards the later months of this year. As for Lemon, he will continue appearing on screens for a third series of his ITV2 show, Shopping with Keith. 