Speculation over Rafael Nadal's future in tennis is "very worrying" for those in his home country Spain, says Alex Corretja. Former Spain No 1 Corretja has urged the 36-year-old to carry on following the French Open. Nadal was aiming to win for a 14th time at Roland Garros on Sunday against Casper Ruud. He has long struggled with a foot problem called Mueller-Weiss syndrome, which saw him miss much of the 2021 season. However, Nadal surprised many by returning to win the Australian Open in a stunning start to 2022. There are reports that Nadal is considering not playing at Wimbledon this summer to give his foot some time off from competitive action. Former American player John McEnroe has also heard claims he could call it a day entirely soon. Corretja says those concerns have made their way to Spain and he has pleaded with Nadal to carry on for a while longer yet.  Corretja told Eurosport: "Not now, just give us some more time. It's very worrying around Spain. "They keep asking me 'do you know something?' - I have no idea. I don't want to go to Rafa's team or to Rafa to ask anything because they are so focused on this match. "They're so enthusiastic about it again so you just let them play. Of course we need to live the moment but when the moment is like maybe Rafa is going to say he's not going to play anymore, I truly don't believe that. "I don't know if it's [because] I don't want to believe it. At some stage it will come but I don't think the moment is coming yet."  Meanwhile, former seven-time Grand Slam singles champion Mats Wilander has praised the way Nadal has adapted in recent years. The Swede says he has "paced himself" remarkably well with his ongoing foot problem. Wilander said: "We always keep thinking that it's a problem for him to play if you play in 25 degree heat and then the next match is cold and a little rainy, or you put him at night against Novak Djokovic. It turns out it might be a problem but it's not a big enough problem for Rafa. "At 36 years old he knows how to save energy. I think that's more than him getting tired. "He can't be fired up for every match, every point like he used to be. He has to pace himself and I don't think I've ever seen a player pace himself energy-wise better than what Rafa is doing in the last couple of years." 