Fern Britton first began her television career in the 1980s and went on to host This Morning from 1999 to 2009. The presenter has since become a bestselling author and joined Lorraine Kelly on her ITV show to discuss her latest novel. However, despite the career change, Fern admitted she still misses live TV as she poked fun at her weight. Lorraine asked: “You don’t miss any of this live telly malarkey anymore.” “I do,” Fern replied. “I can’t say I don’t. I loved the job, I just didn’t like all of the attention.” “I know what you mean,” Lorraine replied. “I so know what you mean.” Fern continued: “I wouldn’t be able to go on with a stupid scarf and look like a big fat olive on legs, would I? In the olden days it was all different.” Read more: Deborah James in surprise TV appearance as she makes loo roll plea “You look fantastic,” Lorraine complimented. “You are a proper bonafide author that’s what you do now and a bit of telly every now and then.” Fern joined Lorraine to discuss her latest novel The Good Servant inspired by the Royal Family. The book is based on Marion Crawford, the former governess to Princesses Elizabeth and Margaret. Fern explained: “I had it buzzing in my head for at least 11 or 12 years maybe a bit longer. “Marion Crawford was 22 and she was offered a job by the Duke and Duchess of York, this is 1932. “The Duke and Duchess of York had two little girls one was called Elizabeth and one was called Margaret and they were never going to be on the throne until Edwards VIII ran off with Mrs Simpson and suddenly our Elizabeth [would become] Queen. “But Marion Crawford, who the family called Crawfie, was with them through everything I think the Queen was six and Margaret was almost two and she was with them right up until the moment that Princess Elizabeth, Queen Elizabeth, had Charles.” DON'T MISSThe Repair Shop expert Will Kirk startled by unearthed photo [INSIGHT]Joanna Lumley hits out at Netflix for 'made up' Royal Family drama [INTERVIEW]Sharon Osbourne brands Johnny Depp’s defamation trial ‘ugly’  [VIDEO] Fern revealed Marion served the Royal Family “with all her heart” and was “absolutely loyal”. The governess even delayed her wedding by 14 years because the Queen Mother didn’t want her to leave. “She went through the war with them, their young years, teenage years, romantic years and then she didn’t resign because they loved her and they wanted her hanging around looking after Margaret,” she continued. “She was approached to write a book or some articles it was very blurry about the characters of the two little princesses because at that time after the war and the Americans had helped so much America wanted the King and Queen to go to America and express their thanks.” Fern explained the public in America was “hungry for royal stories”. “Crawfie got caught up in a web,” she remarked before revealing the book was subsequently published. “She was cast out of the Royal Family and she didn’t really know until no Christmas card came,” Fern concluded. Lorraine airs on ITV on weekdays at 9.30am.