Former rugby union star Mike Tindall will be selling signed bottles of his own gin for £60. Married to the Queen’s granddaughter Zara, it’s not known if Mr Tindall’s grandma-in-law was the inspiration for the new special booze. The brand is called Blackeye, created in partnership with fellow former rugby star James Haskell. They are touting the spirit on the tour of their podcast The Good, the Bad and the Rugby. A source joked to the Mirror: “Perhaps the Queen could use it for her favourite Dubonnet and gin.” The new spirit puts Mike Tindall in direct competition with the 96-year-old monarch, who sells Buckingham palace Dry gin that takes herbs and botanicals directly from the Palace gardens for £40. The Queen’s favourite way to drink her gin involves adding Dubonnet Rouge, a Parisian aperitif made from fortified wine, herbs, fruit zest and quinine. Mr Tindall was well known for his high spirits both during and after matches during his career. He has also been convicted twice for drink-driving. The marketing blurb for the gin says: “Adversity forms bonds. Bonds become friendships. Friends drink gin.” It goes on to describe the drink as “An exceptionally smooth gin with a fresh citrus-forward, subtle floral notes, finished with a juniper burst and rounded off with a very rare and secret ingredient that you won’t find in any other product in the world.” While the Queen is known for her love of a gin and tonic, there was one moment when she decided to go without. This was when she was 25, and had just learned the news of her father passing away - making her the new monarch of the country. Ken Clarke’s son, whose father had a near unique glimpse of the Queen as she travelled to Nairobi as a young princess, only to come home early as the new Queen, revealed the change in her countenance his dad witnessed - from the “happiest woman in the world” to “thunderstruck”. He told his family how the Queen enjoyed her usual gin and tonic on the way over, but stayed alcohol-free on the way back after her father King George VI died suddenly - making her the new monarch. Ken Jnr said: "My father recalls the Queen flying out as the happiest woman in the world - and then just looking thunderstruck on the way back. READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan and Harry’s plot blown open [REVEAL] "He said she seemed under an enormous amount of pressure coming home - and all the crew treated her with respect and dignity, with the pilot even shaking her hand. "My father said Queen enjoyed the occasional G&T during her travels and on that flight out to Kenya she had at least one. Although she certainly didn't drink on the flight back. "He revered her from that day. I think a lot of it was to do with how discreetly she had to handle her grief after her father died, I think he was very impressed with that.'' Other big-name bevvies include George Clooney’s Casamigos tequila and wines by Brad Pitt and Sir Cliff Richard. Stars endorsing grog include Kylie Minogue, David Beckham and Phillip Schofield. DON'T MISS: Queen’s sassy response to protestors for pelting her with eggs [REVEAL]Kate and William questioned over huge move from Kensington Palace [INSIGHT]Prince George follows William's lead with adorable cake sale [ANALYSIS]