The property is located in Rehoboth Beach. Secret Service officials said there had been no significant threat to the President. Spokesman Anthony Guglielmi noted that the pilot entered restricted airspace “mistakenly”. He said: “Shortly before 1pm today a privately owned aircraft entered the restricted airspace over Rehoboth Delaware after mistakenly entering a secured area. “The aircraft was immediately escorted out of the restricted airspace.” A preliminary investigation into the occurrence found the pilot was not on the proper radio channel, according to the Washington Post. He is also understood not to have been following published flight guidance. The Secret Service said it is planning to interview the pilot. READ MORE: Andrew Neil slams 'woke zealots' as nation celebrates Queen's Jubilee He initially arrived on Thursday to celebrate his wife’s birthday, which was on Friday. Both are expected to return to the White House on Sunday morning. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] Earlier this week, the Federal Aviation Administration published flight restrictions, including a 10-mile radios no-fly zone around the property, ahead of the visit. CBS News reporter Bo Erickson said in a post on Twitter he saw the President “through the wind of a SUV” during the evacuation. He wrote in a post on Twitter: “Right before the motorcade, I saw two military jets flying low over the beach town.” CBS News reporter Bo Erickson said in a post on Twitter he saw the President “through the wind of a SUV” during the evacuation. He wrote in a post on Twitter: “Right before the motorcade, I saw two military jets flying low over the beach town.” Mr Biden was reportedly taken to a nearby fire station. A local to the area told Mr Erickson she saw “two military-style jets” scramble over the town after the aeroplane was found in the restricted zone.