Amazon's clever Alexa voice assistant has just got a free update that is available to Echo owners right now. The new update will give users of Amazon's Echo range as well as other Alexa-powered devices the perfect way to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Britons enjoying the four day Bank Holiday weekend can ask the Amazon voice assistant 'Alexa, how Royal am I?' to kickstart a quiz that will keep them entertained during the Jubilee celebrations. This new Alexa feature has been created in collaboration with the UK’s leading etiquette coach William Hanson and the Queen’s former chef Darren McGrady. Those taking part in the Royal quiz will be taught some interesting tidbits of Royal trivia, such as what was the name of the Queen’s first corgi, how many Prime Ministers has she met, and what is her favourite football team. Speaking about the feature, famed royal journalist Jennie Bond said: "The Jubilee is a unique and historic occasion, and I’m sure it’s got many Brits across the country questioning whether they could live the royal life themselves. "I’m lucky enough to have spent a fair bit of time around the royal family, so I know exactly what it takes to keep the company of those in Buckingham Palace. I’m so glad to have passed on my wisdom to Alexa – and now Brits everywhere can take the quiz to find out how royal they are."  In addition to the Royal quiz, Alexa users can ask the voice assistant a range of other questions. These are... Alexa, should I put cream or jam on a scone first? Alexa, what’s the correct way to pronounce scone? Alexa, what’s the correct way to hold a cup of tea? Alexa, how does one have afternoon tea like the Queen? Alexa, what’s the correct way to stir a cup of tea? Alexa, what’s the correct way to eat sandwiches during afternoon tea? Alexa, how old is the Queen?  Alexa, how many corgis does the Queen have? Alexa, does the Queen need a passport? Alexa, when did Queen Elizabeth marry Prince Philip? Alexa, when is the Queen’s birthday? Alexa, what is the Royal Family’s surname? Speaking about the big Alexa update, Dennis Stansbury, the UK Country Manager for Alexa, said: "With Jubilee fever taking over the country, customers are becoming increasingly inquisitive about the royals - ‘how old is the Queen?’ has been one of the most asked Alexa questions in the past year!. "Alexa users can now test their royal knowledge with our fun ‘How Royal am I’ quiz - if you’re a fan of Arsenal or you speak French, you might have more in common with residents of Buckingham Palace than you think!" 