The First Minister this week laid out her “route map” to a second independence vote, over which she is seeking advice from the UK Supreme Court. UK ministers “have created the worst cost of living crisis in the G7 and saddled us with the second lowest growth in the G20”, she said, arguing that Scotland would be better off going at it alone. But Scottish Tory MSPs have insisted Ms Sturgeon knows a referendum will not happen and that she is only renewing the drive for independence to draw attention away from SNP failures. Jackson Carlaw wrote in a post on Twitter: “There isn't going to be a referendum next year and Nicola Sturgeon knows it. “But by needlessly pursuing one, she continues to distract from her woeful domestic record, which has failed families in Eastwood and across Scotland. “Desperate misdirection.” Commentator Kevin Edger added that the renewed independence drive was a “farce”. He wrote: “Nicola Sturgeon, lan Blackford and the rest of the SNP clang are talking absolute nonsense with regards to setting a date for an independence vote. “They don't have the ability to call one. It's attention seeking. “It's yet more excuses to not do their actual job.” READ MORE: Belarus posed for 'covert' military campaign in Ukraine This echoed Scottish Tory leader Douglas Ross’s response to the call for a referendum in October next year that “Nicola Sturgeon has shown again… that the SNP's selfish obsession with a divisive referendum is always their top priority”. There is a large question mark over how the SNP will hold a vote legally. But here too, Scottish Tories insisted Ms Sturgeon was simply playing a game and holding what they labelled a “PretendyRef”. DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] Donald Cameron MSP wrote in a post on Twitter: “According to Nicola Sturgeon, if the Supreme Court decision goes in favour of the Scottish Government, the judgment must be respected. “If it goes against them, it's all Westminster's fault. Unreal.” Stephen Kerr added: “The most frustrating thing about… every day wasted on Indyref2 is that Nicola Sturgeon knows full well she can't hold a proper referendum. “All this is show so she can tell her supporters before the next election ‘Well we tried, but the English court stopped us’.” Mr Kerr also pointed to polling which suggests that 53 percent of Scots do not want their First Minister to go ahead with a second referendum. Responding to claims the SNP is only pushing for a referendum to distract from its failures, party Deputy Leader Keith Brown told Express.co.uk: “Westminster parties are running scared of a referendum. “The independence campaign is getting into gear and building momentum, and they clearly have no positive case to make for continued Westminster rule."