Kate Middleton always manages to look pristine and her skin is no exception. Tori Rosero, Make-Up Artist & Founder of Glowblade Academy, and Holly Zoccolan, Nutritional Health Coach & Founder of The Health Zoc spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how the Duchess achieves her fabulous complexion with beauty and diet tips. Tori Rosero told Express.co.uk her top tips for achieving Kate's "youthful glow". "One treatment I’d recommend which Kate might also do as part of her routine is five minutes of skin massage which can help improve skin tone, texture and will leave your skin appearing brighter. "Products also absorb better when your skin has been massaged using a cream or oil based cleanser." The expert continued: "When taking time to do skin massage as part of your regime, you'll find that your products work more efficiently, and it’s the first step to achieving that all important glow like Kate’s." With interest in facial massage and gua shas exploding in recent years, this is definitely something to try in order to look like the Duchess. READ MORE: 'Beatuty on ice': Harness the power of ice tech to look younger now Getting the royal complexion does not have to be time-consuming or expensive, with Tori's second tip simply being to double cleanse. This remove all traces of make-up, dirt and pollution. A double cleanse should be "followed by a hydrating mist or toner, eye cream, your favourite hydrating moisturiser, then a skin protecting SPF". For those who are not blessed with a super "hydrated glow" like Kate, Tori recommended a moisture boosting sleep mask. As for makeup, the Duchess of Cambridge tends to keep it classic. "When applying make-up, for a golden glow like Kate's you want to focus on applying highlighter in all the right places. "Find an illuminating highlighter that you can carefully apply to the high points of your face, focusing on areas which the light would naturally hit such as your cheek bones, brow bone, nose and forehead." She continued: "With foundation, Kate probably uses one that isn’t too matte or full coverage, to let her natural glow shine through. "To achieve this look, you can also mix your favourite highlighter into your foundation for that added glow boost." With warmer weather approaching, Tori suggested a cream based product for a summer makeup style. "Those are most likely to melt into your skin, keeping it hydrating and glossy for that natural royal glow." Express.co.uk also spoke to Holly Zoccolan about the Duchess' nutrition habits and how these might lend themselves to glowing skin. She said: "Kate Middleton probably follows a diet which promotes healthy skin and will be part of the reason why she always has a youthful glow. "Kate's meals are likely to be packed full of green leafy vegetables such as broccoli, spinach and brussels sprouts are rich in ALA (alpha-lipoic acid) which fights free radicals and is incredibly anti-ageing. "ALA has also been shown to reduce under-eye puffiness and have an anti-inflammatory effect on your skin." Perimenopause is classed as an inflammatory event, so anti-inflammatory foods are great for relieving symptoms too. Holly continued: "Green leafy vegetables are also high in Vitamin A, C, E and chlorophyll which enable the skin to retain its moisture and also protects the skin from damaging free radicals which cause ageing, dehydrated and tired-looking skin." Holly shared two healthy snacks that could contribute to the royal's vibrant complexion. Another snack that the expert predicted Kate eats include Vitamin E rich avocados, which keep the skin "plump and hydrated" and prevent the skin from oxidative damage which occurs in daily life. The Duchess is also "likely" to enjoy walnuts, high in Vitamin E and Omega-3 Fatty Acids. Holly explained: "Omega-3 Fatty Acids help to protect cell membranes thus leading to the skin retaining its moisture and staying hydrated. "Walnuts also contain Vitamin C, Vitamin E and Selenium; all of which provide antioxidants and are important to keep your skin looking youthful and hydrated." 