Phone in caller Khalid from Leicester rang in to discuss ongoing calls for Prime Minister Boris Johnson to resign. 1922 Chairman Sir Graham Brady, announced a vote will take place tonight, as MPs will vote on whether Mr Johnson should be pushed out as Prime Minister or not. Caller Khalid claimed that no MP was perfect in politics and everybody had their faults. He also explained why he thought Boris Johnson should not resign as Prime Minister. LBC host Nick Ferrari said: "Well the votes on Khalid, were you voting for your part of Leicester? "Would you vote that you had confidence in him, or not?" Khalid told LBC: "Look, the thing is politics is politics basically." Mr Ferrari said: "It is, can't argue with that" Khalid added: "Yeah, right so nobody going to say every single person is perfect, everybody's got their faults, you point me out somebody whos perfect in politics.  JUST IN: Police release CCTV footage of suspects attacking Margret Thatcher's statue    "You know who's got empathy, integrity, honesty you know genuine caring, and sharing care. "You know wanting the best for each and every individual in the country, you're going to find that very few and far in-between. "Right so I don't think that you know... I know Partygate was... They're not made to issues, I don't see how these issues, they want to get rid of him. "There's been far far worse Prime Ministers in the past." Mr Ferrari added: "You wouldn't think they should get rid of him, just to clarify Khalid?" Khalid said: "Look, not on the issues that are being said no."  READ MORE:'Absolutely shameless' Sturgeon sparks fury after she's spotted in Royal Box at concert  Boris Johnson has faced two investigations into his behaviour during lockdown at Downing street. One from the Met police and an investigation by Civil Servant Sue Gray. Both reports have caused backlash from MPs and the British public. Reports of an increase in letters sent to the 1922 Committee for a vote of no confidence have risen. DON’T MISS: Man dies after being tasered by police and falling into River Thames Chairman of the 1922 Committee, Sir Graham Brady said in a statement:  “The threshold of 15% of the parliamentary party seeking a vote of confidence in the leader of the Conservative Party has been exceeded.