Liverpool are willing to hand Barcelona youngster Gavi an impressive salary in order to tempt him into joining their ranks before the start of next season, according to reports. The Reds are said to be keen on making a few additions to strengthen their squad in advance of the new campaign and have been heavily linked with a potential move for Gavi over the last few months. The Barcelona starlet has emerged as one of Europe's hottest prospects since breaking into the first-team picture at the Nou Camp and is thought to be admired by the powers that be at Liverpool. The Reds are prepared to firm up their interest in the teenage midfielder over the coming weeks and would be prepared to pay him an eye-watering salary in order to get him on their books, according to Spanish outlet La Porteria.It is claimed that Liverpool are willing to hand Gavi a figure in the region of £7.6million (€9m) per year, which works out at around £147,000 each week. The Anfield giants are said to have already submitted an offer to the player's camp, but it remains to be seen whether it will be enough to prise him away from Barcelona in the not-too-distant future.The Catalan heavyweights are desperate to keep Gavi at the club and recently initiated talks over a new and improved contract in order to ward off any interested parties. His current deal is said to include a release clause of around £42.5m, which Liverpool would reportedly have no qualms about paying. JUST IN: Newcastle in 'advanced' talks for Botman as feelings on Prem surface However, it seems as though Gavi could ultimately decide to stay at Barcelona, with the player and his entourage having been 'very clear' about his desire to establish himself as a key man at the Nou Camp over the coming years. They will need to wrap up negotiations over an improved contract as a matter of urgency, though, to steer clear of the possibility of losing him on a free transfer when his current deal runs out next summer.Gavi made 47 appearances in all competitions for Barcelona over the course of last season and has already established himself as a regular at international level for Spain due to his impressive performances in the middle of the park. Former Arsenal striker Kevin Campbell recently urged Liverpool to do everything in their power to land the 17-year-old, who he believes would be a shrewd acquisition with a view to the long-term future at Anfield. "He’s another home-grown talent at Barcelona, Gavi also has a bit about him as well, he’s got a real tough streak," Campbell told Football Insider when quizzed on whether the young Spaniard would be a good fit for Liverpool."Going out and buying top players will be difficult for Liverpool because top players want to play week-in, week-out, but if you’re getting a youngster in who you can mould and nurture, such as Gavi, it would be a superb signing for them." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here