Tina had suffered with the effects of smoking, sun beds and not drinking water for years before she decided enough was enough. Set to get married in 2019, she finally decided to address the lines on her face. She told Express.co.uk about her transformation. Tina's skin issues stemmed from "abuse of sun beds", not drinking water - "I prefer tea" - and smoking up to 30 cigarettes a day. Working in a pub it was also not uncommon for her to be going to bed at 6am on a regular basis. Tina's hectic and unhealthy lifestyle transpired in lines around her mouth that she deemed unsightly. She told Express.co.uk why she decided to make a change. "I just can't stand getting old. I think we all feel that that really in our own ways, but mine was more so than ever. READ MORE: Woman shares skin transformation after rosacea ruined her life "I just wanted to look 40 again. "People would say to me, 'Bloody hell Tina you've aged'." Tina gave up many of her bad habits when she became the special guardian of a little boy years ago, but sadly, despite using lots of creams, she could not reverse her skin damage. So in 2019, Tina decided to visit Harley Cosmetic London for a pre-wedding "makeover", opting for a £650 Plasma Pen treatment which works by boosting collagen production. She had to "hibernate" for four months because of what her skin looked like directly after treatment, but told Express.co.uk it was "worth it". "At my wedding I just felt like a superstar, I really did." And the transformative effects on her self-esteem went far beyond her special day. "It just gave me so much confidence, it was unreal. "I could just talk to anyone." Unfortunately, after two years the results of the Plasma Pen started to fade and Tina returned to Chrystianna who had administered it, asking for her help. This time, about a month ago, they opted for filler instead (£800) to avoid the hefty recovery time. "She filled out the lines so well, I just couldn't believe it. "I thought, 'Wow, I just want to look like this all the time'. "And everyone notices straight away. "They say, 'What have you done to your skin? It looks amazing'. We've got the old Tina back." Tina's treatment has encouraged her to give up some of her unhealthy habits. Rather than smoking 30 cigarettes per day, she has cut down to a packet of 20 per week. "I drink loads of water now too. I'll do everything I can to keep up work that she's done." Tina offered some advice to those who are unhappy with their appearance and want to make a change. "I would encourage anyone to do it now with the right person, because I've seen so many botched jobs." She urged others to stay away from "cheap filler" and find someone like Chrystianna who improves your appearance whilst creating a "natural" look.