Former This Morning presenter Eamonn Holmes had been an ever-present figure in GB News’ breakfast schedule until recently, with co-host Isabel Webster fronting their breakfast show with a number of stand-in hosts in recent weeks. Now, Eamonn has spoken out on exactly why he’s been absent from the channel and shared an update on when he’ll be back. Eamonn has addressed his absence from Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel in a statement shared on his Twitter page. The former ITV presenter has revealed his health woes were behind his reasons for leaving Isabel to present with other GB News stars. He penned to his one million followers: “Hi everyone, many of you have been asking why I haven’t been presenting GB News for the past week. “Unfortunately, due to a reoccurrence of a long-term back condition, I’ve had to undergo some unexpected hospital treatment and am now following doctor’s orders by taking a short time off.” READ MORE: 'Where's Tom Jones?' Viewers torn as Diana Ross closes Jubilee concert Eamonn did reassure fans he would return to the channel soon though, confirming he’d be back alongside Isabel next week. He continued: “However, I’m looking forward to being back alongside Isabel, my Breakfast co-presenter and friend, next week." Ruth Langsford’s other half also praised the network for its support during his health worries. “Even though I only joined GB News six months ago, the whole team and our amazing audience have shown me immense support which has been greatly appreciated,” he went on. “I now just need time with my family to heal and recuperate.” Eamonn signed off his statement by assuring fans: “See you soon, Eamonn.” It didn’t take long for many of Eamonn’s fans to send their well wishes - including GB News’ own Twitter account. It penned to the Breakfast host: “We hope you feel better soon @EamonnHolmes! Sending love and best wishes from all of us here at GB News.” DON'T MISS:Eamonn Holmes' taken to hospital for 'unexpected treatment'Alison Hammond's fear when she first joined This MorningEamonn Holmes set to undergo surgery as host unable to walk his dog Former athlete Kriss Akabusi was also among those wishing Eamonn well, tweeting: “Wish you well Eamonn, and look forward to working with you agains soonest x." This Morning contributor and radio host Julia Hartley-Brewer also commented: “Hope you feel better soon. X." While Eamonn's GB News co-star Anna Riley remarked:”Hope you’re feeling better soon, Eamonn, and I look forward to having you back on breakfast!" And regular GB News guest and showbiz reporter Ellie Phillips added: “Sending so much love. Can’t wait for you to be back so we can have a good old gossip." (sic) Eamonn joined GB News back in December 2021 as he announced his departure from ITV. Alongside wife Ruth, the pair had been familiar faces on This Morning for 15 years. At the time, he said: “I’ve spent my career on broadcasting firsts and start-ups, and GB News is one of the most exciting yet. “It’s just the kind of shake-up the industry needs," Eamonn commented.