Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan Markle, 40, returned to the UK to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's visit to Britain also saw them make their first public appearance in the UK since 2020 when they attended a service at St Paul's last Friday. Harry and Meghan brought with them son Archie, aged just three, and one-year-old daughter Lilibet. Lilbet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor, who was born in California, was named in honour of her 96-year-old great-grandmother. The red-headed royal spent her first birthday in the UK as the Sussexes held a party for their daughter at Frogmore Cottage. Writing about the event on Twitter, royal expert Omid Scobie said: "For Lilibet’s first birthday, Prince Harry and Duchess Meghan invited close friends and family for an 'intimate backyard picnic' at Frogmore Cottage, Windsor on Saturday. JUST IN: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry share new pic of Lilibet just days after 1st birthday "Claire Ptak (who made the couple's 2018 wedding cake) baked a special order for the party." Mr Scobie added: "A spokesperson tells me Harry and Meghan ‘remain incredibly touched by the countless birthday wishes for their daughter’ and have also been ‘amazed’ to learn that Sussex supporters around the world have made donations amounting to over $100K to @WCKitchen in Lilibet's honour." ITV also revealed World Central Kitchen, which is a not-for-profit organisation partnered with the couple's Archewell foundation, revealed over £79,000 in donations. The organisation has provided support in Uvalde, Texas and Ukraine, a spokesperson said. READ MORE: Parents bring their children to Jubilee in 'Once in a lifetime' event Misan Harriman, who captured the snaps of young Lilibet, also took to social media to celebrate the one-year-old's birthday. The photographer said: "It was such a privilege to celebrate the 1st birthday of Lilibet with my family and hers! Joy and face painting all around." Fans of the Sussexes responded to both Twitter posts in their droves. One user, operating under the handle @valteena, said: "What an absolutely gorgeous cutie the little queen Lilibet Diana is." DON'T MISS:Queen 'fought back tears' in moving end to Jubilee [REVEAL]Britons rush to defend Louis as Royal sensationally criticised [INSIGHT]Harry looks pensive as he and Meghan touch down in California hours... [REPORT] Other users were keen to stress how young Lilibet seems to have inherited her father's ginger locks. @ancient06141713 wrote: "Oh my goodness, she is just so cute & adorable! And, looking just like Harry and Archie." @KimGM added: "Another ginger and such a cutie."