The Boys is the intense hero drama that sees a group of super-powered individuals pursue their mission of taking down The Seven, an elite team of superheroes controlled by a villainous company. Season two had an explosive finale which left viewers wanting more back in October 2020. Now, it's almost time to welcome back the show back for its third gripping series featuring new characters and most likely a lot more bloodshed. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Boys. For the past two seasons, The Boys has been available to watch on Amazon Prime Video both in America and the UK and series three will be no different. But those in the States are going to be treated to the third season a little earlier with the premiere for Americans on Thursday, June 2. Meanwhile, UK subscribers are going to have to wait a day later on Friday, June 3, for the start of The Boys' latest series. This third outing is going kick off with the first three episodes coming out in one go on Amazon Prime Video. READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show What time viewers will be able to delve into The Boys season three entirely depends on your geographical location. While the instalments may come out at the exact same moment in America, the actual time will vary due to different time zones. So, on Thursday, June 1, the beginning of The Boys season three will be out at 5pm PST (Pacific Standard Time), 7pm CT (Central Time) and 8pm EST (Eastern Standard Time). UK subscribers are going to have access to these same episodes the following day from midnight GMT (Greenwich Mean Time). In total, The Boys' third series is going to consist of eight episodes on Amazon Prime Video. After the first three come out on the day of its release, one new instalment will drop on the streaming service every Thursday or Friday, depending on if you live in America or the UK. This means the grand finale of season three will be available to watch worldwide from Friday, July 8. Given the series two ending, fans are expecting a lot from this new batch of episodes. DON'T MISS...‘I wasn't a big fan’ Outlander's Caitriona Balfe speaks on key change [EXPLAINER]The Boys’ Jensen Ackles explains changes to Soldier Boy [CAST]The Boys’ Jensen Ackles ‘did everything to get cancelled’ [INTERVIEW] The last time The Boys was on Amazon Prime Video, it ended with the gruesome death of Stormfront (played by Aya Cash). She was revealed to be a Nazi and in the grand finale, Butcher's (Karl Urban) wife Becca (Shantel VanSanten) stabbed her in the eye. Stormfront tried to fight back by choking Becca but that's when Ryan (Cameron Crovetti) stepped in, using his laser eyes for the first time. He was able to amputate Stormfront's limbs and burn her face off but in the process, Ryan accidentally also murdered his mum Becca, leaving him and Butcher devastated. When the drama does return for the new episodes, it will also welcome the latest villain Soldier Boy (Jensen Ackles). In the season three trailer, it shows Soldier Boy murdering someone by plowing his shield into their face, showing he isn't afraid to be violent if necessary. But is he going to be causing trouble for the gang in this upcoming third season? The Boys season three premieres on Thursday, June 2, in America and Friday, June 3, in the UK on Amazon Prime Video.