One Direction officially confirmed their split in 2016 after almost a year of "hiatus". Since then, each of the band's members have been working hard on their solo careers. This year, Harry Styles has become one of the most popular musical acts in the world, with his third solo album, Harry's House, reaching number one in more than 20 countries, and claiming a number one single with As It was. However, since the band's split, Directioners have been calling for 1D to get back together. And recently, their odds seem to have taken a dip. Previously, One Direction had fairly confident odds on getting back together by the end of 2022. But things have changed in the past few months. Leading bookmaker Ladbrokes has given new odds on 1D getting back together before the year is out. And it isn't good news. The bookies awarded 1D 5/1 odds on getting back together in 2022. These new odds have been released just after Liam did a tell-all interview with Logan Paul on his podcast. During the interview, Liam explained how he was the last artist in the band to go solo, but got the most views. Liam claimed his debut single, Strip That Down: "I think it outsold everybody within the band, and I was the last to go [solo]. And I never expected that." In reality, his song did not hit one billion streams on Spotify, but every other member of the band's debut singles did. Liam also claimed one of the band members "threw him up a wall". He explained he threatened the culprit back. READ MORE: 'Desperate' One Direction star rejected for Elvis Presley movie Liam claimed he told the attacker: "If you don’t remove those hands there’s a high likelihood you’ll never use them again." He also claimed to be the reason One Direction was started in the first place. He explained: "From what I’ve heard is that part of the reason One Direction was made was because of Simon [Cowell’s] promise to me that: 'In two years, I’ll make this work for you.' So he kind of started with my face and then worked around the rest." Even though Liam's comments seemed to have caused a stir in the One Direction community, not all hope is lost just yet. DON'T MISS...Harry Styles in Glasgow gig horror as fan plunges from top balcony  [INFO]'Desperate' One Direction star rejected for Elvis Presley movie [INSIGHT]Harry Styles lost enormous biopic movie role - but he's glad [NEWS] Ladbrokes have also awarded 1D 6/4 odds on reuniting in 2023. The company's Alex Apati said: "A One Direction reunion could well be just around the corner, and while a 2022 comeback looks unlikely, the odds suggest the lads might finally get back together next year." Could next year be the moment fans have been waiting for to see One Direction back together once again? Although the odds are in their favour, a lot is riding against them. The biggest hurdle of all is Harry himself. Harry has been exploding in popularity over the past few years. Just last year he appeared in his first Marvel movie, Eternals, and this year will star in two new dramas - My Policeman and Don't Worry Darling. With his budding film career and constantly-improving music career, does he even need One Direction anymore?