Young Driver is normally catered for under 17s to learn how to drive before they take their test so they can hit the roads as soon as possible. But recently, they welcomed their oldest pupil ever - 92-year old Terry Collier. Born in 1929, Terry, who lives in Devizes, Wiltshire, gave up driving two years ago due to health reasons. He originally passed his test in 1947 and had 72 years of driving without a single accident. After giving up his licence a few years ago, Terry’s daughter Julia Connolly saw how much he missed driving. She booked a driving lesson for her father on private property through Young Driver. READ MORE: Many electric car drivers 'confused' days before new charging rules The service primarily offers driving lessons to those between 10 and 17 years of age. There is no upper age limit and is open to anyone who wishes to have a go behind the wheel in a safe environment and with a fully qualified instructor. Terry got behind the wheel of a luxurious Bentley Flying Spur as a surprise Father’s Day treat earlier this month at a venue in Wroughton. Mr Collier, who originally hails from Watford and was a residential social worker, moved with his wife to Devizes in 1965. DON'T MISSThe ideal mileage to look for when buying a used car [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of new law tomorrow which may see them jailed for life [SHOCKING]Motorists warned that show of 'thanks' when driving can see £1k fine [WARNING] The grandfather of six and great-grandfather of seven, said it was “fantastic” to be back behind the wheel. He added: “I’d never driven a Bentley before, so that was a great experience. “I learnt in a Morris Minor and I’ve driven lots of different makes and models since I passed my test age 18 – including caravans and campervans. “It was great to see lots of young people learning to drive too. “My advice to anyone newly behind the wheel would be to always take yours and other people’s safety seriously. “Be careful and considerate on the road, it’s not worth the risk.” Once an elderly driver reaches 70 and they want to keep driving, they must renew their driving licence every three years. When renewing every three years, it will be free of charge, according to Age UK. Sue Waterfield, head of marketing for Young Driver, said: “We were absolutely delighted to welcome Terry along to our Wroughton venue. “We’re so pleased he enjoyed having the opportunity to be behind the wheel again. “Although our pupils are typically under 17, we do have lots of people come along who may not be able to drive on the roads for one reason or another. “They may be nervous, or they may have a disability which means they’re unsure if they’ll be able to pass their test. We’ve even had blind pupils. “Because we operate on private land and with highly trained instructors in dual controlled cars, it’s a perfectly safe place to give it a go. “Our pupils just aren’t usually as experienced as Terry with 72 years of safe driving under his belt.”