Bugs love plants, and while there can be some that are good to have in the garden, others can ruin and even kill the crop. A spokesperson for GardenBuildingsDirect.co.uk said: “Some insects like bees and ladybirds are beneficial to the garden but there are some that unfortunately will just ruin your greenery. There’s nothing more annoying than giving our plants time, attention and care just for some pesky bugs to come and ruin them overnight. “Unfortunately, once the damage is done, it’s pretty much irreversible which makes all the time spent on the garden feel as though it’s just gone to waste. “It can be really frustrating if this happens which is why it’s beneficial to know which bugs can be a nuisance and how to get them under control.” According to GardenBuildingsDirect.co.uk experts, aphids are attracted to most plants and flowers. The pests ruining crops is also a very common problem. READ MORE: When to deadhead lupins to 'prolong the display' The experts said: “Aphids suck on plants, causing distortion which means leaves eventually weaken and fall off. “When sucking on plants they also form honeydew which supports and encourages mould growth. “There are a number of ways to keep them away from your garden including spraying with water daily, using garlic repellent spray and trying insecticidal soap.” Like aphids, caterpillars like to munch on most vegetables and shady trees. DON'T MISS:Sarah Beeny shares ‘common pitfalls’ people make when renovating [COMMENT]Pests: ‘Natural deterrents’ to get rid of slugs and snails [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘best’ way to clean ‘grim’ discoloured pillows [EXPLAINER] They also feast and chew on leaves, leaving them with big holes. The experts recommended regularly checking plants for eggs to avoid further infestation and damage. They added: “Top tips for keeping them at bay include spraying plants with soap and water, using neem oil and making your own garlic and pepper spray. “Slugs and snails are every gardener’s biggest nuisance and unfortunately they’re a very common issue. “These insects tend to avoid any crops that are a bit rough in texture and instead they mainly go for fruits like strawberries and tomatoes. “There are lots of ways to get rid of slugs and snails with two favourites including scattering broke eggshells around your crops and laying down coffee grounds, they dislike both.” Cutworms can also cause huge damage to plants. They tend to eat away at stems underneath the soil which kills the plant. The garden experts said: “These pests are usually active at night which means you won’t be able to easily spot them in the day to see if they’re damaging your plants. “However, you can check your garden for cutworms by turning over some soil and seeing if they’re underneath. “Keep them away by applying a controlling product in the evening before they come out to feed on your plants and creating collars for the stems using cardboard to prevent the insect from accessing the plant.” Wireworms also sit underneath the soil and eat the insides of seeds and roots of plants. This means plants may begin to grow poorly. The garden experts explained: “It’s likely that those that do seem to be growing ok will eventually die not long after. “For keeping these at bay, try cutting a potato into pieces and placing a skewer into each piece. “Buy them into the ground, around three inches deep and change the potato pieces every few days.”