In another twist to the Robert Lewandwoski saga, Barcelona have effectively been 'ruled out' in the race to sign the wantaway Bayern Munich striker. Lewandowski has been linked with a move to the Camp Nou all summer, but LaLiga president Javier Tebas has insisted that a deal is not possible. Lewandowski may have to consider approaches from elsewhere after Tebas admitted that Barcelona are in no financial position to sign the Poland captain.The current Bayern star is one of the finest strikers in the world, which is why Europe's top sides were placed on red alert when he declared that his "story with Bayern is over" after winning the Bundesliga. But now that Barcelona may be out of the running, it could mean that Lewandowski joins Erling Haaland in trading Germany for England.With Juventus recently splashing the cash to sign Dusan Vlahovic in January and PSG re-signing Kylian Mbappe, that leaves a potential move to the Premier League as one of Lewandowski's likely destinations. And Chelsea, Liverpool and Manchester United are all said to be looking for attacking options. READ MORE: Tottenham could beat Man Utd to Valencia starlet thanks to Bryan Gil Chelsea are now reportedly leading the race as they could part ways with Romelu Lukaku this summer, as the Belgian has endured a disastrous return. And Liverpool have been rocked by the sudden change of heart by Sadio Mane.Mane has been heavily linked with a move to Bayern following Lewandowski's admission, and there's no reason that a potential swap deal could be ruled out, with both stars sat with a year left on their contract. And Jurgen Klopp could reunite with the star after previously managing him at Borussia Dortmund. DON'T MISS...Everton star Richarlison reveals transfer talk with Frank LampardLiverpool icon hits back at Richarlison after Everton star's wind-upRicharlison brutally trolls Liverpool after Champions League defeat But with the club suffering tricky contract talks with Mohamed Salah, a deal may be tricky. But big deals are something that United aren't afraid to hand out.Edinson Cavani has left the club, and Cristiano Ronaldo can't be expected to carry United for another season on his own. And a switch to United makes for a further layer to the rivalry with Manchester City. Both Manchester clubs could line up with the two best Bundesliga strikers from last season, with Haaland joining Pep Guardiola at City. But if Chelsea do cut ties with Lukaku, they'll be desperate, and it could ignite a scrap between the English sides.They may have thought that they stood no chance, with Barcelona reportedly moving in. But that's been blown wide open by Tebas, who even hinted that Frenkie De Jong's decision to stay and fight for his place at the club may have cost them. Speaking to Marca, the LaLiga chief said: 'They (Barcelona) know what they have to do. They know perfectly well our economic control rules and their financial situation. The rules are there to avoid major economic problems. I don't know if they will sell De Jong, Pedri or Pepito Perez."They know what they have to do - sell assets and earn more, this is what they have to do." With Barcelona desperate to keep Pedri and Gavi, De Jong was seen as the obvious selling option. But amid links to United, the Dutchman has made it clear that he wants to fight for his place at the Nou Camp.