CBS’ long-running procedural drama NCIS came to an end in May after it aired its season 19 finale. As fans await the upcoming instalment, they recalled Timothy McGee’s (played by Sean Murray) sister and exposed a huge plot hole in her storyline.  McGee made his first appearance in NCIS during the first season, where he originally worked as an NCIS Agent assigned to the Norfolk Naval Base. He regularly assisted Gibbs's team with occasional cases before joining the main NCIS team on a permanent basis in September 2004. As the series continued viewers gained an insight into his personal life and got to know his family life as they were introduced to his younger sister Sarah McGee (Troian Bellisario). However, throughout the instalments, fans noticed a huge drop in her screen time and exposed this on Reddit. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Chas Dingle in heartbreaking baby adoption twist After recalling her thrilling portrayal in the season four episode titled ‘Twisted Sister,’ Reddit user Terrible_impress6520 shared their outrage at the show’s bosses. They wrote: “And then the writers basically forget he has a sister after that.” Another fan, Anarchic_Anemamanic agreed and highlighted a major plot hole in Sarah’s storyline. The user stated: “It's irritating as hell. She was such an interesting character, but she's never seen again, not even at McGee's wedding.  “She's mentioned a bit, but that's it. Deep Six gets more time on screen than she does.” While a third viewer, LoveintheOrangein, shared: “I would have liked to see a photo of her in McGee's house. I always pick up little things like that.” The season four episode left viewers on the edge of their seats when the case became personal for McGee. A worried Sarah approached him fearing she had accidentally killed her ex-boyfriend, a Navy seaman.  DON'T MISS...Rod Stewart 'disappointed' by Harry and Meghan's treatment of Queen [INSIGHT]NCIS exit: Why did Alice Krige leave as Maggie Clarke? Star on return [INSIGHT]NCIS' Jimmy Palmer speaks out as season 19 bags major new record [INSIGHT] Although McGee initially tried to quietly investigate the crime, he eventually needed the help of his colleagues to prove Sarah’s innocence. While this episode was focused on Sarah, it wasn’t the first time she had made an appearance on the show as she could briefly be seen in season two. As McGee risked his career to help his sister, fans remained confused as to why the episode was the last time Sarah was seen on the show. According to Looper, there was some behind-the-scenes drama which meant the actress no longer wanted to be associated with NCIS.  Bellisario was Murray’s step-sister in real life and the daughter of the show’s creator Don Bellisario. However, the publication reported, Don was fired from the show after a series of disagreements with Mark Harmon, who also didn’t like his management style. Allegedly, this resulted in the actress departing from NCIS as “Troian didn't feel comfortable working on a show that caused her dad so much heartache”. NCIS is available on CBS in the US. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 