Manchester United’s summer rebuild could include Pau Torres arriving as Erik ten Hag’s first signing. And on the latest evidence, the defender could prove to be a shrewd addition to the Red Devils' backline. With a move for Jurrien Timber currently in doubt due to the Ajax defender’s concerns over first-team football, Ten Hag may be forced to look at alternative targets. And Torres, who has also been linked with Chelsea, has shown he has the makings of a quality centre-back after another impressive display on international duty. Having been called up by Spain head coach Luis Enrique for the Nations League clash with Portugal, Torres earned his place ahead of Inigo Martinez in the starting XI. With Cristiano Ronaldo left on the bench, the Villarreal star would have been perhaps relieved to have a slightly easier task in defending his goal. READ MORE: Torres insiders are saying Man Utd transfer 'is close' in Maguire blow Selected to partner Leeds United’s Diego Llorente at the heart of the back four, Torres was tasked with bringing the ball out from the back into midfield. And the 25-year-old always looked comfortable with the ball at his feet, spraying passes out to Pablo Sarabia on the right flank at will. Having the confidence to pass confidently will be a prerequisite if he is to join Ten Hag’s side, given his preference for possession-based football. The fact that Torres is left-footed would make him a valuable option for Ten Hag, with doubts over Harry Maguire’s ability to play out from the back. He was helped by how Spain kept the ball immaculately in the first half as Luis Enrique's side were allowed to dominate possession by a defensive Portugal side. But when the Selecao did attack, there were some moments that would have troubled any visiting United scouts. DON'T MISSMan Utd transfer target had club 'convinced' he was joining LiverpoolMan Utd 'have three tactics for De Jong transfer' as details emergeMaguire urged to be 'thick-skinned' to save Man Utd career Given his towering frame and lack of general mobility, Torres was left exposed as Andre Silva left him for dead with a quick turn and shot on the swivel. Fortunately for the Spain ace, Silva’s effort flashed past the post. But in general, his defensive positioning was impressive as he showed his awareness to stay within La Roja’s high line. He was put to the test late on when Ronaldo was summoned from the bench with Spain leading 1-0, thanks to Alvaro Morata’s first-half strike. But while the superstar was quiet, Torres' clean sheet disappeared after Ricardo Horta's late leveller. United need no reminder of the centre-back’s ability after he played a key role in Villarreal’s Europa League triumph in 2021 at the expense of the Red Devils. He also shone this season for Unai Emery’s side as they made the final four of the Champions League before a 5-2 aggregate defeat by Liverpool. The asking price quoted for United could see them pay as much as £50m for the player. And with insiders revealing the deal reportedly ‘close’, according to GiveMeSport, United fans will be excited at the prospect of a new defender potentially arriving at Old Trafford this summer.