Would you turn back time to save the one you love? This is the premise of the forthcoming Sky Max science fiction series The Lazarus Project, which premieres this week. The action-packed drama features a star-studded cast and follows the exploits of the titular Lazarus Project, a shadowy group with the power to turn back time and save the planet from annihilation. The Lazarus Project starts on Sky Max on Thursday, June 16 at 9pm with the whole series available to binge as a boxset on the video-on-demand platform NOW. There is a total of eight episodes in The Lazarus Project, which will also be airing in a traditional, linear broadcast weekly on Sky Max. Created by Giri/Haji writer Joe Barton, The Lazarus Project is essentially a love story set against the backdrop of time travel. The Lazarus Project is likely to garner comparisons to HBO and Sky’s new adaptation of The Time Traveler’s Wife, however, the forthcoming drama is a tense thriller rather than a sedate romance. READ MORE: The Lazarus Project episode 1 cast: Who is in the cast? Here is a brief summary of each episode: Episode 1. George (played by Paapa Essiedu) starts to notice he keeps living the same day over and over again, leading him to question his sanity after the last six months of his life are lost. However, George quickly gets answers after he’s approached by Archie (Anjli Mohindra), a worker for the secretive Lazarus Project, an elite group which can turn back time and whose members are aware of events before and after they are re-written. Episode 2. George finds himself tested after tragedy strikes, leading him to question why he can’t turn back time to change the past. Archie consoles George, explaining how dangerous it can be trying to change events and how her own life was nearly destroyed when she tried to do so. READ MORE: I May Destroy You cast: Who is Paapa Essiedu? Episode 3. Despite his grief, George decides to take matters into his own hands and try to alter time - even if his fellow members at the Lazarus Project won’t help. George starts to discover the darker side of the project and the group’s sworn enemies. Episode 4. George continues with his secret plans to change events and save his loved one, even if means causing a global disaster. However, could be thwarted in his ambitions by the group? Episode 5. In a bid to cast off suspicion from his colleagues, George will have to place the blame elsewhere as he goes rogue. He will be questioning how far he’s willing to go and if the ends will justify the means. Episode 6. George continues to hide his true intentions as he inches closer to his goal but will be wondering whether his mission has been a colossal mistake. Episode 7. Left grappling with his choices, George will be having to confront his guilt and whether his actions have changed him fundamentally. Episode 8. The grand finale will see the group facing their biggest threat yet with George getting the chance to redeem himself and help save the world with the clock ticking. Speaking about why he joined the project, lead star Essiedu explained: “The script is definitely unique in its ambition, in its scale, but also in its delicacy. DON'T MISS...Bargain Hunt’s Caroline shares £2 item which sold for thousands [INSIGHT]Neighbours exit: Why is Ben Turland leaving as Hendrix Greyson? [EXPLAINER]Emmerdale theory: Jamie Hope returns as he takes revenge on Samson [ANALYSIS] “Joe’s got a real talent for writing on the edge of dry, dark, black humour and intense, extreme stress and dilemma. “I really like characters and situations that are poised in that in-between, kind of grey area, where it’s so horrible that it’s funny, or it’s so funny that it’s horrible.” The I May Destroy You star continued: “Joe’s amazing at creating situations in which that exists. I suppose I loved the humanity of George’s character. “Even though he goes through quite extreme circumstances, at no point could I really actually make a decision as to what I would do if I was put in that position. Which is always good, because it means that I could never judge him. “I could never be like, ‘You’re being an idiot.’ Or, ‘You’re being a hero.’ At all times I was thinking, ‘It’s just really hard. And I don’t know.’ I think that’s the mark of a well-drawn story arc and character.” The Lazarus Project airs on Sky Max on Thursday, June 16 at 9pm and is available as a boxset on NOW