The former Loose Women star has revealed she has been nominated for a TV Choice Award for her Channel 5 programme Holidaying With Jane McDonald. The popular presenter, who has expressed her "excitement" over the news on social media is encouraging her many fans to vote for her in the Best Lifestyle Show category. Jane travelled across the globe for her career as a cruise ship singer and has revisited many of her favourite countries for her Channel 5 holiday series in recent years. The show sees Jane explore various holiday resorts and exotic destinations as she aims to inspire viewers by showing them what the locations have to offer. For the series, Jane has been filmed enjoying Florida, islands in the Caribbean, Corfu and the Scottish Highlands. After learning she had been shortlisted for a TV Choice Award, she penned to her Instagram followers: "I'm so excited... Holidaying with Jane McDonald has been nominated for the TV Choice Awards in the Best Lifestyle Show category! READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Hope returns as he takes revenge on Samson  "Voting is open now! Visit the TV Choice website to vote. #tvchoiceawards." Her announcement came just days before she set off for her 2022 tour called Let The Light In. Dozens of her fans took to Instagram and Twitter to comment on her latest career news about the award nomination. Julie Smith penned: "And so you should be excited and very proud of yourself. It was a great series. We'll all be voting for you."  Sue Chappell added: "Just voted for you. You so deserve to win. Love you lot's Jane." (sic) William Robertson said: "Already voted for you, let's hope you win." (sic) Philip Marlowe commented: "Fantastic programme, Jane comes across as very down to earth and very relatable." Lorna Cooper remarked: "Just voted, Jane - you really deserve to win this." DON'T MISS...Cruise tips: Jane McDonald shares her vital packing advice [LATEST]Jane McDonald opens up on 'spectacular' Jubilee performance  [INTERVIEW]Jane McDonald makes cheeky admission about first husband [INSIGHT]  The TV Choice Awards will be held at a ceremony at the London Hilton, in Park Lane on November 14. The awards, which have been held virtually for the past two years due to coronavirus restrictions, celebrate the nation's favourite television shows and stars. Jon Peake, group editor of TV Choice said: "We’re thrilled to have the Awards back as a live event again, and we look forward to honouring the best TV of the year in person." Jane also shared an update about touring the country on her social media pages ahead of the opening night.  In an Instagram video shared on Friday, a thrilled Jane said: "It's finally happening, we are here. "It's the first night, it's Leicester, we are very, very excited and this is what I love to do. "I am just about to go into soundcheck and I will see you all out there - here we go." Holidaying with Jane McDonald episodes are available to watch on My5. 