Many women are looking at their retirement plans, and how they will be impacted given the gender pay and retirement gaps. This is the case for Sarah, a 62-year-old woman from Dorset, who spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk concerning her thoughts for her future. Sarah has been working full time since 1991, and is currently a library manager but looking for a reception job. Her children are in their forties now, but her circumstances took a sudden turn two and a half years ago. Sarah’s daughter had a brain haemorrhage two and a half years ago, from which she has not yet recovered, and now needs additional support. Sarah described how caring for her daughter can already be a challenge, and her concerns about the future. READ MORE: State pensioners warned ‘do not ignore letters’ as payment change due She said: “There are times when my daughter has two carers in the morning and evening, but sometimes they aren’t available. “I fill in with them often, they've all had COVID-19 at various times, so I am doing a lot of work on top of a full-time job. “My job is hard mentally and physically and it can be hard, I have to help her dress and shower and try to help her mobility. She can cook but she can't carry it through, I have to sort out her laundry, it's that sort of thing. “We also look after her daughter quite a lot. It's hard and the only help that I get is that I have a quite good holiday allowance. DON'T MISSHow you could become an asset ‘millionaire’ using your ISA [EXCLUSIVE]Retirement and me: Postmistress, 92, continues to work and enjoys it [INSIGHT]‘So convincing!’ Britons warned about sinister National Insurance scam [WARNING] “But also, I am in a job where I am timetabled to work with the public so I can't just pop out when that's the case.” Sarah is now only a few years away from the state pension age, but her primary concern is that she will not have enough for retirement. She has some 31 years of National Insurance contributions, and has paid into a local authority pension. Sarah continued: “It might be alright when it’s added altogether, but I don’t feel the state pension amount is enough really. “I don't have any spare money to add more money, so there is nothing else that I can do. I hope it will be enough to live on. “Before 1990 I was doing a lot of part-time jobs, so I might not have paid enough; it was different back then you could opt out - things changed when the EU brought in some different regulations. Everyone now has to pay in, and back in those days, they didn't. “The state pension is not enough to live on, I'm not an extravagant person, but it costs me £600 to run my house without food, it's a small terraced house. “I go to work, I care for my daughter and my granddaughter, and I do outdoor swimming, and that's it. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “I don't go off on expensive foreign holidays, I've only got a small car, and we hardly ever eat out. But the state pension wouldn't even cover running my house.” Sarah appears resigned to the fact she will work past the state pension age for financial reasons. Her partner is self-employed and she is the chief earner within her household. He cashed in some of his pension to become self-employed and will mostly rely upon the state pension in retirement. For this reason, Sarah feels motivated to keep working to ensure an income for the house. However, she added as long as she is able to work flexibly, she is satisfied to carry on to keep herself active.