Bayern Munich transfer chief Hasan Salihamidzic has suggested that the club could walk away from negotiations for Liverpool star Sadio Mane. The Reds are already closing in on the Senegalese forward's replacement with a club record deal for Darwin Nunez in the works, and the sudden need to find a new buyer for Mane would likely come as a major curveball. In normal circumstances, an interested party walking away from a bid to sign Mane would be celebrated by those associated with Liverpool. But after losing the Champions League final last month, the player supposedly announced his desire to leave and the Reds have already set about signing his replacement. Mane was broadly expected to head to Bayern Munich this summer, despite the German giants already having two bids rejected. Liverpool seemingly believed that they still held all the cards, and reports indicate that there were 'insulted' by Bayern's last £30million offer. Not content to shoot straight up to the £42.5m asking price, the Bavarians have a few tricks up their sleeve too, and sporting director Salihamidzic has publicly pointed out that the club have multiple options on their hit list. JUST IN: Arsenal 'monitoring' 10-goal Real Madrid attacker who Man Utd have enquired about "Generally speaking, we're trying to strengthen our team," he said. "We're working on several options in attack. The transfer market is not easy, it always depends on the financial possibilities of the club. I don't want to talk about players of other clubs." When asked to clarify his comment on bolstering attacking options, in terms of targets other than Mane, the Bayern chief responded: "Of course we can't rely on one option to strengthen our attack. We must have several options." DON'T MISS...Tottenham boss Conte 'in talks' for £8.5m bargain he can't pass up onMan City boss Guardiola has 'secret pact' with Bernardo Silva amid Barcelona interestTottenham 'in advanced negotiations' to sign Everton ace Richarlison Bayern are in need of a new star attacker due to the potential exit of Robert Lewandowski. The striker has one year left to run on his contract at the Allianz Arena, but has made it clear in public that he would like to call time on his eight-year stint with the club, calling on them to respect his decision due to the loyalty he has shown over the years. But along with Mane, Lewandowski's situation is also up in the air as his most likely destination, Barcelona, may utlimately find themselves priced out of a move. That could leave him in the lurch, despite the fact Manchester United are among the clubs touted to swoop in and try their luck, but Salihamidzic has also addressed the situation and called on all parties to 'calm down'. "Lewandowski has a contract until 2023 and we are very happy that he is here," he told BILD. "I think now things will calm down. We know what we have with him and he knows what he has here. We spoke about his public statements and we should all calm down." The prolific Pole scored 35 goals in 34 Bundesliga matches last term and 41 in 29 the season before that, so Mane would have huge boots to fill if Bayern press ahead with the deal and edge closer to Liverpool's asking price.