It must be exhausting being Nick Krygios. The Australian firebrand rode an emotional rollercoaster entirely of his own making before prevailing in five thrilling sets against Britain’s Paul Jubb. Kyrgios had to come from a set down to the elegant Yorkshireman, in amongst the chuntering and tantrums, produced some sizzling serving and superb tennis to reach the second round 3-6, 6-1, 7-5, 6-7, 7-5.  It was a compelling performance from the 2014 quarterfinalist in a richly entertaining contest but never far from the surface was a molten well of anger which bubbled over at regular intervals, engulfing the officials, the crowd, the balls and even himself. Kyrgios had said he was quite happy to wear the “black hat” as pantomime villain against the Briton - it is a role he is accustomed to after all - and he duly did so. His mood swings were wild; his outbursts savage. One female line judge was chastised by Kyrgios as “the worst I’ve ever seen”, another challenge over a line call accompanied by a complaint that “half these people are about 90 - they can’t see the ball.” The umpire also had her ear bent with Kyrgios taking exception to a solitary boo in his direction and demanding his critic be thrown out for disrespecting him. Jubb certainly had the bulk of the fan backing - including a lone cry of ‘Yorkshire, Yorkshire’ at one stage - but the Australian had plenty of support around No 3 Court too. His flair tennis - and the ever-present possibility of a volcanic eruption - makes him a hot ticket. The full repertoire came out including a couple of through-the-legs shots and - not to be outdone by Andy Murray yesterday - an under-arm serve. It backfired as Jubb reacted quickly and won the point on his way to taking the first set. Kyrgios’s sulky reaction to being broken was to launch a ball out of the court. Jubb had three break points on the Australian’s serve in the third game of the second set but Kyrgios dug in to hold and then broke Jubb twice to take the set 6-1. Kyrgios shaded a tight third set 7-5 but Jubb tenaciously fought back to square the match after a fourth set tie-break. Jubb again came back off the canvas in the fifth set, breaking back as Kyrgios served for the match at 5-3.  But he finally cracked as Kyrgios, who sent down 30 aces, broke again to take the match. There was no disgrace in defeat for the wildcard who was making his second Wimbledon appearance. The career of the 22-year-old, who grew up on a Hull council estate, looks to be on a positive trajectory after winning his first ATP Challenger event in March in Bolivia. The graceful athleticism of the World No 219 added greatly to the contest but it is Kyrgios - with all his baggage - who marches on. 