Netflix’s hit killer series YOU came to a jaw-dropping end after it followed Joe Goldberg (played by Penn Badgley) make an attempt at normal family life. As fans highly anticipate the release of season four, the star unveiled the instalment’s major twist.  Season three saw a continuation of Joe and his unpredictable relationship with Love Quinn (Victoria Pedretti) reach new heights as they were expecting a baby. In an attempt to become an ideal family, they relocated to a small suburban town, however, it wasn’t long until Joe’s serial killer urges re-emerged. By the shocking finale, their marriage had taken a turn for the worse as Joe had murdered Love, faked his death and left their baby with co-worker Dante Ferguson (Ben Mehl). In the final scenes, he had moved to Paris under a new identity to track down his newest obsession Marienne Bellamy (Tati Gabrielle). READ MORE: Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes' The acclaimed series is the on-screen adaptation of Caroline Kepnes’ best-selling novels, of the same name which asks the sometimes sinister question: “What would you do for love?” Ahead of the show’s awaited return with season four, Badgley opened up about the instalment and unveiled a huge twist. Speaking to Digital Spy, he revealed: “The tone is similar but it's shifting in that there is a different format, we're using a different format. “It's almost like we're shifting the genre slightly and I think it works.”  One of the major changes to the show was its location, although Joe was last seen in Paris, Badgley had been spotted filming in London. During an interview with Entertainment Weekly, the 35-year-old explained the decision to relocate: “To be real, it's cheaper.” When asked if the new location would have an effect on Joe and potentially change him, Badgley answered: “He would sure hope so. “But the problem is in him, it's not so much outside of him so he's trying to change. He is always trying, failing, trying.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Tracy Barlow kills again in Ken Barlow twist [THEORY]YOU season 4: Joe Goldberg to ditch Paris for London [INSIGHT] YOU season 4: Netflix viewers beg for axed character’s return [INSIGHT] Alongside a few changes, fans can expect to see some familiar faces in season four, including Marianne. Badgley also confirmed this: “There's also some other familiar faces which I think I can [say].” While the showrunners and cast have remained tight-lipped about the upcoming storyline, the identities of the new characters have been released. Euphoria and The White Lotus star Lukas Gage landed a role as a series regular to portray Adam, a fellow American expat who will reportedly have tensions with Joe.  Although he was popular and well known for being a warm and funny party host, Adam was hiding a trove of secrets and dealing with his problems with heavy self-medication. After learning about Joe’s obsessive and true nature, Marianne reloaded with her young daughter, however, the actress shared her hopes for season four. Gabrielle disclosed: “I really would love to see her foil Joe. “On one hand, I would love to see her foil Joe, and then, on the other hand, I’d love to see what it could be like for Marienne to just have a good life.” The actress concluded: “She struggled for so long and yeah, I want her to have a happy ending.” You is available on Netflix. 