The Smelly Places Index was compiled by analysts from the money.co.uk website, compared major cities through the nation according to a set of fixed criteria, including air pollution, fly-tipping and levels of smoking. Each was then ascribed a “smelly score” out of ten - with Kingston upon Hull, in the East Riding of Yorkshire, top of the (rubbish) pile on 6.75. Hull has some of the worst congestion in the country (83 seconds per mile on A roads), which contributing to air pollution, as well as a high level of smokers (17.2 percent) and high levels of fly-tipping (23 incidents for every 1,000 people). Maidstone in Kent comes in second, with a smelly score of 6.27. The town received 132 complaints about foul odours last year. Maidstone is also served by Southern Water, which has been rated the second-worst water supplier when it comes to sewage pollution, with 102 incidents per 10,000km of the entire Southern Water area. Blackpool, in Lancashire, comes in third, due in part to its very high smoking rate, with 19.8 percent of the population regularly lighting up. It also has one of the highest levels of smell complaints, with 81.7 per 100,000 people. Flo Codjoe, Personal Finance Editor at money.co.uk, told Express.co.uk: “The city of Kingston upon Hull takes first place as the smelliest city in England according to the study.' READ MORE: Him or me!' Threat by William over Prince Andrew in Garter service “There are several reasons Hull ranks top of the research, including having one of the highest populations of smokers in the country, as well as a high level of CO2 emissions, fly-tipping incidents and congestion. “In the past, Hull has been renowned for its bad smell coming from its former fish meal factory and the city's sewers, which contributed to the smell of the city until Yorkshire Water carried out a £30m clean-up operation. “However, there are of course some pleasant odours in the city, ranging from the aroma of freshly baked bread to the refreshing smell of sea salt on the Humber bank.” DON'T MISS'Tell us the names!' Charlie Stayt turns up pressure on Ashworth [WATCH]Labour MP filmed 'sprinting' from GB News cameras after Starmer probe [VIDEO]Piers Morgan slams Meghan and Harry for 'exploiting Invictus Games' [EXCLUSVE] Other insights from the study include: