Emergency services were called to the area in Scunthorpe, Lincolnshire, at around 9pm. Witnesses reported seeing a heavy police presence at the scene and an air ambulance. Humberside Police said three people had been injured, including two police officers, and that they had been taken for medical treatment. A man who was allegedly carrying weapons inside a house was shot by armed officers. Police have said there is no wider risk to the public, Hull Live reports. Deputy Chief Constable Paul Anderson, of Humberside Police, said: "There is currently a scene in place on Theodore Road, Scunthorpe, following a police incident yesterday evening (Wednesday, June 15). "We received a call shortly before 6.30pm from a member of the public reporting concern for safety in relation to a man allegedly carrying weapons inside an address. "Officers were quickly deployed and a cordon was put in place to ensure the safety of those nearby. During the incident the man was shot by police, he was taken to hospital where he currently remains in a stable condition. "Two police officers were also injured whilst responding to the incident, both were taken to hospital for treatment for serious injuries. Those officers are being supported by their line managers, the Police Federation and our wider welfare team - as are all their colleagues who attended the incident. "A mandatory referral has been made to the Independent Office of Police Conduct in relation to the incident."   The The Independent Office for Police Conduct has confirmed a full investigation has been launched. An IOPC spokesman said: "We can confirm we have opened an independent investigation following an incident at an address in Scunthorpe at around 9pm yesterday evening in which firearms officers were deployed. We were advised that a police firearm was discharged during the incident and that a man sustained non-life threatening injuries as a result. "We are also aware that two police officers were injured and we wish them a speedy recovery. After being informed of the incident by Humberside Police, we sent investigators to the scene to start gathering evidence and to the post-incident procedure where the officers involved provided their initial accounts. "Our investigation is in its very early stages." People reacted with shock on Facebook today. "I hope all are OK," one woman shared. Another Facebook user posted: "I hope the officers involved are not seriously injured and make a speedy recovery." A third stated: "I'm not sure what happened but it sounds dreadful."