On Wednesday evening, The Repair Shop debuted its very own Jubilee special, with Jay Blades and the team of experts perusing over and fixing a number of items with historic royal ties. The tearjerking episode led to Jay appearing on GMB on Thursday to discuss all about the one-off episode, where he revealed to Adil and Charlotte a particularly “special” item which was brought in. And in doing so, Jay detailed one “cardinal” rule all the experts must abide by. “We were talking there about the special Jubilee episode and how lovely to have all those items with such a link to the royals and what you were able to do with them,” Charlotte said as she welcomed Jay onto the ITV show. “Yeah it’s such an honour for all of us in The Repair Shop in front and behind the camera to be able to have anything linked to the Royal Family and especially during this Platinum Jubilee,” Jay replied. “It’s like, ‘Come on, what’s not to love about that?’” he added before referring to one item in particular. During the show, a lantern from the Tower of London was brought to the experts for restoration - a lantern that was still in use to help lock up the gates to this day. READ MORE: Levin blasts Meghan and Harry's Jubilee stint 'Help Netflix career' “To have the lantern, to me, that was one of the special ones,” Jay continued. “Because that is something that has been used every day and for us to have it in The Repair Shop we’re like, ‘Quick, we want them to have this back quick and looking good’. Charlotte then mentioned her seven-year-old watches the show, to which Jay chimed back in: “It’s about cherishing those memories because one of the things is, you’ve got so many items that are out there that people have an attachment to a family member, but also it’s teaching us about sustainability. “So if the young ones are watching, they know a lot about this, much more than us, in the sense of we’ve got to preserve stuff. “We’ve got to make sure we don’t throw away items - especially if they have a memory attached to them, so that’s where a show like The Repair Shop comes in.” Charlotte and Adil then probed if there was ever an item the team couldn’t restore, to which Jay emphatically replied: “No, I think everything that comes in sets a challenge to all the experts. “One of the things is, we’ve got over 600 years of experience in there, so I don’t think there’s anything that’s been made that can’t be repaired in The Repair Shop, and we haven’t had anything yet we haven’t been able to fix so…” “Bold claim!” Charlotte interrupted to tease, claiming everyone would now be scouring their lofts for items, to which Jay quipped: “Bring it on!” Adil then praised Jay for his role on the show before asking about the pressure he and the other experts feel when trusted with such valuable items. DON'T MISS:Coronation Street fans 'work out' Toyah's killer plan as Imran exitsNaga Munchetty makes demands as she struggles through royal coverageCatherine Southon faces calls for 'ban' from Bargain Hunt viewers Detailing the thought process of the experts, Jay revealed there’s one rule which ensures things run smoothly in the shop. “I think all of the experts feel the same way that we are honoured to have these items from people,” Jay answered. “And it’s not a case of we look at it like entertainment, we look at it like this is their jobs. “Outside of The Repair Shop, all of these experts do this in the real world, so basically it’s their reputation. “And they feel honoured if someone can bring in an item that belongs to their family and means so much, we’ve got to treat that with a lot of respect.” Sharing the rule, he added: “So there’s a cardinal rule in The Repair Shop that the person who is fixing the item, is the only one allowed to touch the item. “No one else,” The Repair Shop frontman insisted. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.