Lorraine Kelly discussed the latest royal news with expert Russell Myers on Monday as the pair commented on the Palace’s report on the allegations Meghan Markle “bullied” staff. The findings from this investigation which was paid for privately by the Queen will not be published. Russell explained: “We were expecting to potentially hear the results of that report. “It does seem now that will be buried and that Buckingham Palace have just said they will be learning from the procedures…” Interrupting, Lorraine asked: “So we won’t ever see it?” “It does seem like that and they’ve said they will be improving their HR policies,” Russell continued. Read more: Liz Kershaw slams BBC over ageism row 'No women over 60'     “Now exactly what does that mean?” “I don’t know because if I was Meghan I would want that report to be out to vindicate her,” Lorraine quipped. “Well, would you?” Russell questioned and the host replied: “Well it depends on the outcome.” “There were people who came forward to The Times newspaper last year and said they had broken down in tears, they’d had to leave their jobs because of the culture of bullying.    “She has always said she denied them but wasn’t given an opportunity to speak to the review that was taking place. “Anyway, I still think this is something that won’t go away for now.” It’s been reported that only “four or five” former members of the Sussexes’ team were spoken to as part of the inquiry. The report isn't being released in order to protect those who took part and to avoid any clashes between the Sussexes and the palace, according to claims made by The Sunday Times. DON'T MISS'Arrogant, unpleasant, lack of self-awareness' Lorraine slams Andrew [VIDEO]Lorraine Kelly hits out at Boris Johnson after snub [INSIGHT]Lorraine savages Prince Andrew's royal return [VIDEO] During Meghan and Prince Harry’s bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey, the Duchess said the Palace was using the media to “peddle a wholly false narrative”. When the bullying allegations were made, the Palace confirmed an investigation would take place. A palace spokesperson at the time said: “Members of staff involved at the time, including those who have left the household, will be invited to participate to see if lessons can be learnt. “The royal household has had a dignity at work policy in place for a number of years and does not and will not tolerate bullying or harassment in the workplace.”    Meghan and Harry’s solicitor Jenny Afia told the BBC last year the claims were false. She said: “What bullying actually means is improperly using power repeatedly and deliberately to hurt someone, physically or emotionally. "The Duchess of Sussex absolutely denies ever doing that. Knowing her as I do I can’t believe she would ever do that.” Lorraine airs on ITV on weekdays at 9am.   