Mrs Hinch rose to fame on social media several years ago after she started sharing unusual cleaning tips and tricks. Now, her fans share their own advice on dedicated Facebook pages, including how to get rid of musty washing machine smells. Taking to the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips social media page, Rachel Jane wrote: “My washing machine really smells musty every time it runs. “I always empty the water in the filter but it’s getting worse. “It’s very strange, does anyone have any ideas?” Washing machine smells can occur for a variety of different reasons, including mould building up in the machine. READ MORE: How to clean duvet and pillows without washing machine ‘Kills germs’ Bacteria and mildew could also be causing bad odours. Not only can smells be off-putting, they can also cause clothing to smell bad, even after being washed. Taking to the comments, Pauline Farr commented: “Use a dishwasher tablet and run a hot wash, around 90 degrees.” Tracey Wilson said: “Put two dishwasher tablets in the drum and pour vinegar in the drawer and do a hot wash. DON'T MISS:Lawn: How to get ‘luscious’ green grass within a ‘few hours’ [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans’ 15p tip for cleaning electric hobs - ‘holy grail’ [COMMENT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer transforms listed building for £14k [PICTURES] “I clean mine like that once a month, it’s amazing.” Joanna Saunders wrote: “Put dishwasher tablets in the machine, bleach the drawers and put on a hot wash.” Dishwasher tablets can help to break down small dirt particles. Anna James said she picked up dishwasher tablets for 80p in Aldi which she uses to clean her machine. The cleaning fan added that they can help “banish” the smells. Sharing advice on the same forum, Mrs Hinch fans also shared top tips for cleaning washing machine seals, which may also cause musty smells. Rumana Pervin commented: “Clean with baking soda and vinegar, it’s great.” Alison Christine said: “White vinegar gets completely rid of the gunk in the machine and seal, mould is gone!” White vinegar helps to kill household bacteria as well as dissolve hard water deposits. It also cuts through grime making it an effective cleaning product for multiple cleaning jobs around the home. Nicky Woodman said: “I use Astonish Mould and Mildew remover. I would roll some old cloths or kitchen roll up and put it around the rubber seal. “Leave overnight and then scrub the next day.” Jodi Kirkham commented: “Mould and mildew spray all the way.” Astonish Mould and Mildew Remover blasts away tough stains and effectively removes mould and mildew within minutes.