Lil Murda (played by J Alphonse Nicholson) is an up-and-coming rapper in P-Valley, having started at The Pynk and is now getting recognised by big artists for his work. The Starz drama originally saw him shouting profanities at the club's dancers and generally being disrespectful to those around him. But season two has shown Lil Murda has a soft side and plenty of other layers to his character. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from P-Valley.Season two of P-Valley has featured flashbacks from Lil Murda's past, showing what happened during his stint in prison. The series has also explored his strong friendship and romantic connection with his bodyguard Big Tek (John Clarence Stewart). Lil Murda was in a relationship with Uncle Clifford (Nicco Annan) but turned her away as he was struggling with his sexuality. He rekindled with Big Tek though at the end of episode four, Demetrius, which has got Lil Murda thinking about what he really wants from his life. READ MORE: Jon Kay skewers Eustice over energy usage plans Lil Murda in P-Valley is played by actor and drummer J Alphonse Nicholson. Prior to starring in the Starz drama, he had been in Blue Bloods, Hit A Lick, The Blacklist, Chicago PD, FBI Most Wanted and Self Made: Inspired by the Life of Madam CJ Walker. While Nicholson plays a gay character in P-Valley, he is married to a woman in real life. The 36-year-old actor's wife is Nafeesha Nicholson who he reportedly tied the knot with a few years ago. It is believed the couple had been dating since 2015 before getting married a few years later. Nicholson is very private and so hasn't revealed any details regarding how they met or where their wedding took place. They have a son together but there are no details on how old he is or his name. In fact, Nicholson hasn't even shared any pictures of their child on social media, most likely down to privacy reasons. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street fans 'work out' Sonya's identity in Nicky DNA twist [THEORY]Raising Kanan star Patina Miller 'upset' with Raq Thomas scene [CAST]Outlander’s Sam Heughan admits Jamie Fraser role has been ‘hard graft' [EXPLAINER] He has shared a number of pictures with his wife Nafeesha though over the years. Before Christmas, Nicholson posted a photo of them together after he had been away from home to film the latest season of P-Valley. He wrote: "It’s been hard being away from family while I’m filming Season 2. "It was wonderful having Nafeesha come in town for a quick visit. "We spent time together and did a puzzle. Being able to spend time with someone I love is so important this season. "Nothing like family, good laughs, good food, and a trip to @target, especially during the holidays." (sic) P-Valley will return for episode five on Sunday, July 3, on Starz and Starzplay. The instalment is entitled White Knights with the simple description: "The history of Mississippi." So fans are just going to have to wait to watch the latest episode to find out what it will be about. P-Valley is available to watch on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.