Kaja Kallas, who was visiting Boris Johnson ahead of his crunch leadership vote on Monday, suggested unity over Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine among European Union members is now difficult to maintain due to the cost of living crisis which has gripped the continent. The Estonian Prime Minister also took aim at French counterpart Emmanuel Macron for trying to provide Vladimir Putin with a diplomatic way out of the conflict. Her intervention comes after the Brussels bloc faced previous challenges over unity, including over Russia's expulsion from SWIFT. Ms Kallas said: "We are at a point when sanctions start to hurt our side. "At first the sanctions were only difficult for Russia but now we are coming to a point when the sanctions are painful for our own countries, and now the question is how much pain are we willing to endure. "It is different for different countries. The unity is very hard to keep. JUST IN: UK prepares to abandon EU's £81bn science fund amid tensions over hated Brexit deal "It is getting more and more difficult because of high inflation, and energy prices." She added: "Gas might be expensive, but freedom is priceless. People living in the free world do not really understand that." Speaking about Mr Macron, Kallas argued: "I do not see any point in talking to him if we want to get the message through that he is isolated and the message that he will not escape unpunished for this and will be held accountable for all the crimes committed. "I am very worried by the premature calls for a ceasefire or peace, since a ceasefire does not mean the atrocities will end in the occupied territories. READ MORE: 'Put it behind us!' Boris vows to 'unite' Tory Party after narrowly seeing off rebels "We have already made this mistake three times, in Georgia, Donbas and Crimea, and we cannot make this mistake again." Inflation across the Eurozone reached a record-high at 8.1 percent in May. The rate in the UK is currently slightly higher at 9 percent, according to the Bank of England. However, Estonia has registered the highest rate in the continental bloc on 20 percent. Ms Kallas did not pull her punches and also said she was afraid there was not going to be a EU embargo on Russian gas any time soon. She will meet with German Chancellor Olaf Scholz later today to discuss matters further.