Arsenal are reportedly expected to hold crunch talks with Manchester City today (Thursday) in a bid to tempt Gabriel Jesus to the Emirates after keeping tabs on the striker ever since Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's departure in January. The Gunners sold the Gabon international to Barcelona at the end of the winter transfer window, leaving Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah as their only two senior striking options. With Lacazette leaving on a free transfer to Lyon in the summer and Nketiah's contract renewal still up in the air, at least one striker is needed ahead of the new campaign. Jesus has been tipped to be that man, although a breakthrough in talks has yet to be reached. But according to transfer guru Fabrizio Romano in his Caught Offside column, the north London outfit will contact City further today in a bid to land the Brazilian. According to Romano, Jesus remains Arsenal's main target up top ahead of the new campaign. If an agreement cannot be reached for the attacker, who can also play out wide, the Gunners will move on to other targets in a bid to resolve their striker search. Romano further states that Jesus will '100 per cent' leave City, citing his desire to start for a top team. He would be unlikely to start much at City next season given Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez's arrivals. And if Arsenal cannot agree a deal for him, there are other clubs who will look to swoop in and sign him. Jesus discussed his future following City's dramatic Premier League title win in May. "About my future, it’s still uncertain," Jesus told ESPN at the end of the season. "I have a contract with City and I have already expressed my desire to the City people and to my agent. I have in my head [a very clear idea of] what I want. So, I have to take advantage of this moment [City's title win]. Then, think about the team, smile at the team again. And, on vacation, I [will] decide about my future." The 25-year-old has 95 goals in 236 games for City, an impressive feat given that he acted as back-up to Sergio Aguero for the majority of the Argentine's time at the Etihad. But if a move to Arsenal beckons, it will be his first year in England without Champions League football given the Gunners' failure to qualify at the end of last season. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here