Some only have to turn up, sign in for a very short period, and then are able to claim an amount that would buy a month's shopping or cover several months of fuel bills for most. Surely in this day and age, and especially as those members are in most cases wealthy, how can this be allowed to continue? We did not vote for them but pay their allowances out of our taxes. If they wish to attend then let them do so at their own cost. Over a 25-year period I, my late husband and daughters lived and worked very hard in the five countries we have lived in, working on major construction projects in Malaysia, Borneo, the Philippines, Australia and New Zealand, says Susan Farrington, from Chester. Absolutely no way would these countries allow the silent invasion we are experiencing to take place. We cannot allow, mostly men, to land on our shores not knowing whether they intend to plan something horrific here. Those on the far-left should not be so naive to think otherwise. What a shame Frederick Forsyth has taken to bashing Boris again, says Keith Klein, from Plymouth. Sadly, he's also started contradicting himself. He says Boris got Brexit done "against the odds" but then maintains he didn't get the big decisions right. Also, while rightly recognising the brilliance of the scientists who produced Covid-19 vaccines, he gives Boris no credit for refusing Labour's pleas to join the EU's disastrous vaccine programme. Fair do's, Frederick, give credit where it's due. There's no need for Boris to keep asking Labour what its solution is to the migrant problem and what its immigration policy would be if it won the next general election, says Roy Kilner, from Scotter, Lincs. We all know: no borders and uncontrolled immigration. It would also renegotiate the Brexit deal and join the single market and customs union and with it freedom of movement within the EU. I sat down last week to watch The Savoy.Why did we have to have it spoilt by the foul-mouthed Gordon Ramsay? I cannot understand why he has to keep swearing the whole time, says Denise Moore, from Bath. An interesting programme totally ruined by him. I now switch off the TV as soon as he appears. The Savoy did itself no favours.