Adam Woodyatt, 53, has moved out of his house to live a nomadic lifestyle in a motorhome costing upwards of £100,000, according to reports. The soap star is best known for playing Ian Beale on EastEnders for 38 years.  He bought the Burstner motorhome in order to prepare for a tour of Looking Good Dead last year after he split from his wife of 22 years.  The star admitted he enjoys driving so much, he has no plans to go back to his London home.  Speaking in a new interview, Adam said: “Because of Covid I thought: ‘I don’t really want to be staying in hotels all the time and just living out of a suitcase’.  “I wanted to enjoy it more.  “So I had a chat with Shane Richie – because he has a motorhome for whenever his band are on tour - except he doesn’t let anyone else drive it other than him. READ MORE: Patriotic Kate Moss, 48, wears Union Jack ensemble for Jubilee “I just thought it’s probably the best way of doing it: I’ve got all my stuff with me, I can cycle from wherever I park in the motorhome to the theatre... this will work." He explained he got the motorhome before the tour started so he could “learn to do everything”.  Adam said he rung up his daughter Jess at the time and asked her when she was moving to America.  After saying she was moving in the summer, the actor asked his daughter to clear out her room as he wouldn’t be back when she returned.  The actor said he’d been on the road for 14 to 15 months and has been “loving it”.  Adam added he has no plans to stop living his new lifestyle. DONT MISS: Eamonn Holmes reacts to praise over 'chemistry' with GB News co-host (PHOTOS)Amanda Holden, 50, dares to go braless in dress on chilly London day (NEWS)David Beckham sends alluring message to wife Victoria while topless (LATEST) The soap star confirmed that he had become somewhat of a minimalist and realised how little he needed to get by in life. He told host Kate Thornton on White Wine Question Time on her podcast yesterday (June 10), that most of his life was “in storage”. The star explained: “I’ve got my coffee machine, my iPad, computer, my phone, my fishing gear, all my cooking equipment. “I’ve also got my bike – and that’s pretty much it.” In August 2020, it was announced Adam would be taking an "extended break" from appearing in EastEnders. The actor had been portraying Ian Beale from 1985, before quitting the show in 2021. In November last year, he was announced as one of the two annual late entrants during the 21st series of I’m a Celebrity… Get Me Out of Here! He entered alongside actor Simon Gregson and was eliminated on day 18 from Gwyrch Castle in Wales in December, finishing in sixth place.