Kate Bush’s 1985 track Running Up That Hill has been given a new lease of life thanks to Stranger Things after the song was featured in several episodes of season four, volume one. Max Mayfield (played by Sadie Sink) was often listening to the track on her walkman as she shunned her friends and family amid her grief and guilt over her half-brother Billy Hargrove’s (Dacre Montgomery) death. However, Running Up That Hill ended up having a much larger role to play in the show after the song literally saved Max’s life as she fled from the clutches of Venca (Jamie Campbell Bower). Max’s friends played the song to her, helping the troubled teen to flee from Vecna just as he was about to kill her after tormenting her. In a stirring and deeply emotional moment, Max heard the track which broke Vecna’s spell and allowed her to run. Running Up That Hill played as Max ran back to her friends and safety. Later, Max was listening to the song on loop in a bid to stop Vecna from getting to her. The sequence has resonated with audiences across the globe, who have praised it as an accurate depiction of mental health struggles - with Vecna representing inner demons while the song is a source of hope. READ MORE: Stranger Things: Why Kate Bush's Running Up That Hill was Max's song Running Up That Hill has now re-entered the charts with the song coming in at number eight in the UK Top 40 last week, and is on course for the top spot after currently sitting at number two at the time of publication. The Official Charts Company CEO Martin Talbot said: “It is fantastic to see Running Up That Hill returning to the Top 10 this week, driven by its feature in Stranger Things, introducing Kate Bush and this iconic Eighties hit to a brand-new audience.” Bush, who agreed to the song’s usage in the new series of Stranger Things, is indeed a big fan of the show. She has also spoken out about the song featuring on Stranger Things with a message to her fans on her official site. READ MORE: Stranger Things: Who is Tammy Thompson in Stranger Things? The star said: “You might’ve heard that the first part of the fantastic, gripping new series of Stranger Things has recently been released on Netflix. “It features the song, Running Up That Hill which is being given a whole new lease of life by the young fans who love the show - I love it too! “Because of this, Running Up That Hill is charting around the world and has entered the UK chart at No. 8. It’s all really exciting!” She concluded: “Thanks very much to everyone who has supported the song. I wait with bated breath for the rest of the series in July. Best wishes, Kate.” DON'T MISS...Stranger Things author drops hint at prequel spin-off [EXCLUSIVE]Stranger Things: Is Dr Brenner really Eleven's dad? [INSIGHT]Stranger Things plot hole: How did Kali survive the lab massacre? [ANALYSIS] However, the journey to getting Running Up That Hill into Stranger Things wasn’t an easy one with show’s music supervisor Nora Felder having the task of gaining clearance to use the track. Felder provided Bush’s team with detailed scene descriptions and gave as much context as possible to the sequence as well as how the song would be used within the scene. She and her clearance coordinator wanted Bush’s team to have a “full understanding” of the various uses of the track throughout the series. Running Up That Hill’s usage in Stranger Things was also unusual as the track was used in multiple episodes rather than in just one moment - unlike other films and TV show. Felder added: “When we finished, we were on edge, but excited and hopeful.” She was also the one who came up with using the song for Max’s song, saying: “It immediately struck me with its deep chords of the possible connection to Max’s emotional struggles and took on more significance as Bush’s song marinated in my conscious awareness.” Feld told Variety the lyrics of Running Up That Hill would hit differently with everyone, but for Max the “deal with god” could have been a “desperate cry for love” in a moment when she was feeling so “painfully alone”. Running Up That Hill continues to be flying high in the charts while the new season of Stranger Things has been breaking records on Netflix after it was reported 286.8 million hours of the show was watched in its opening weekend. This figure easily eclipses the previous records set by both Bridgerton and Money Heist. Stranger Things season 4 volume 2 will be released on Netflix on July 1