The dream for Premium Bonds holders is to be one of the two picked each month to win the top prize of £1million. The identity of Agent Million is a tightly-guarded secret, to protect them and the winners they visit. However, Express.co.uk got the opportunity to have a chat and find out what a lucky jackpot holder needs to do when the Agent Million arrives to tell them the good news.  Agent Million told the Express.co.uk: "When we meet with the jackpot winners, they do need to provide us with proof of who they are. "I don’t complain if they want to put the kettle on and bring out the biscuits, especially if it’s been a long journey!" There are actually five Agent Millions. This is because there are more than one jackpot winner each month, and it allows the agents to take "holidays and suchlike". One lesser known fact is that they all perform other roles within the NS&I between their work travelling thousands of miles across the UK and delivering news that will change people's lives. READ MORE: Premium Bonds prize fund rate rises tomorrow and there's over 1m more prizes up for grabs To be recruited as an Agent Million, you have to have the right interpersonal skills and specialised knowledge of Premium Bonds. The agents are usually also picked from existing staff members at NS&I. Agent Million said: "You don’t know that someone thinks you might make a good Agent Million until you’re invited to interview for the role. For me personally, it was a welcome surprise and an opportunity that I was delighted to take." Explaining what usually happens when they deliver the good news to the jackpot winner, the Agent Million explained that understandably, "they celebrate". Agent Million added: "In the immediate aftermath of being told about their win, the main thing is that the winners take the time to soak in the moment and think about what it means to them personally. Once we’ve gone over the various security checks, we can pay them the money."  The role takes the agents all across the country with May's jackpot winners taking one agent to Manchester and the other to Wandsworth, and April's winners taking them to Hereford and Worcester. Agent Million described their role as being an "honour and a privilege" adding: "Premium Bonds are also a great way to start saving, no matter how much you have to put away. "You never know, I might be knocking on your door in the future to tell you that you’re a £1million jackpot winner." NS&I introduced Premium Bonds in November 1956 as a way of encouraging people to save again after the Second World War. According to NS&I, Premium Bonds were first announced by Harold Macmillan on Budget Day, April 17, 1956. Premium Bonds first went on sale to the public on November 1, and on that day alone sold £5million worth of bonds - the equivalent of around £121million today. Since the first Premium Bonds millionaire in 1994, over 400 new millionaires have been announced after they were paid a visit by Agent Million. To decide the two monthly jackpot winners, NS&I use a coding software called ERNIE, which stands for the Electronic Random Number Indicator Equipment. It was created by a Bletchley Park code breaker. The current system, ERNIE 5, generates random numbers using lights that are matched against the eligible Bond numbers to determine the winners and because it’s random, every Bond number, whether it has eight, nine, ten or eleven digits, has a separate and equal chance of winning a prize. In 2022, there are 22 million people who currently hold some Premium Bonds. Earlier this month, NS&I announced that it had increased the Premium Bonds prize fund rate from 1.00 percent to 1.40 percent. This move meant that NS&I expects to draw a further 1.4 million worth of tax free prizes that will be handed out to bond holders. NS&I will unveil details about the June 2022 Premium Bonds prize draw tomorrow, on June 1. 