Moving forward is something you do very easily. You hate it when you are standing still, and the progress seems non-existent. It is time now to end one or two long-term commitments in favour of the new. You won’t even feel bad about what you have to give up in order to begin again. Your judgement is good. Others are arguing over what to do for the best. Plenty of ideas will be shared but this will only cause confusion. You can rely on your natural common sense with a dash of intuitive guidance to come to the right conclusion. A job you recently took on with enthusiasm is now causing you a lot of bother and a change of heart. You daren’t admit it is proving time-consuming and a lot more difficult than expected because someone did warn you beforehand, only you did not want to listen.  You have a lot of catching up to do when some tasks really should have been dealt with earlier. Taking on additional responsibilities isn’t helping. Your mind keeps turning to new and novel ideas. An evening group or social function could end on a surprisingly romantic note. You want to get ahead, and you want to see results. You don’t mean to show your frustration with people who are slow to do their work or grasp points you are trying to make, but someone is really annoying you. An easier way to avoid tension building situations would be to get on by yourself. There is something you need to do, and you have time to spare to make this a priority. A situation needs to be reviewed in order to make alterations to suit your changing needs. Don’t rush in. Get things straight in your mind first before putting forward any suggestions.  Some heavy career commitments will give you an ideal excuse to pull out of social arrangements that are starting to bore you. You’ve been looking for a way to back out of arrangements you are no longer keen on. Family relationships go well, which is more than can be said about a close friendship. It is time other members of your household started to take more responsibility for domestic expenditures. All you want to do is improve your financial security, and if you can persuade others to pay their share of expenses, this will lessen the burden on you. A confrontation with seniors or officialdom will make you regret having got involved in other people’s problems. It isn’t too late to step away to leave others to sort out their business on their own. You have enough in your own life to get on with without this kind of hassle.  The chance to attend a business function or seminar may come your way unexpectedly, but it will be an opportunity you won’t want to miss. A quick reply will be expected. Be sure not to hesitate. A new relationship is giving you happiness and contentment. Delays, mechanical breakdowns and other frustrating hindrances will fix it that you miss an appointment or interview. You weren’t looking forward to some meetings on today’s agenda anyway, and you could do without the hassle just getting to them also brings. An evening surprise will lift your spirits. Using your imagination to make a group project more interesting will keep others interested in what has become a boring task. Jobs can be improved with a little creativity. Mental rather than physical tasks will bring out the best in you. Avoid doing anything too heavy. 