Obi-Wan Kenobi has crossed the halfway point with just three episodes left in the limited Star Wars series. Part III had some big revelatory moments with Obi-Wan Kenobi (played by Ewan McGregor) coming face-to-face with Darth Vader (Hayden Christensen) and getting into a fierce battle with the Sith Lord. However, fate intervened and Ben was saved by defector Tala (Indira Varma) who came to his aid in his hour of need. Tala took Ben to a secret location on the Jedi underground railroad and it was there he saw the names of others who had managed to escape the purge. Among the names he saw on the wall was Quinlan Vos, leading Ben to give a small smile. Vos was a Jedi master from the planet Kiffu and he was friends with Ben. In fact, Vos and Ben worked together to find the Hutt crime lord Ziro during the Clone Wars. READ MORE: Who is Tala in Kenobi? Ultimately, the two failed in their mission after they discovered Ziro had been murdered and were unable to arrest the bounty hunter Cad Bane who had freed him in the first place. Later, the pair were both on Tatooine, when Ben was a Padawan to Qui-Gon Jinn (Liam Neeson) after they landed their vessel on the planet following damage. Jinn and Ben were carrying Queen Padmé Amidala of Naboo (Natalie Portman) when they arrived on Tatooine. Vos was present when Jinn met Anakin Skywalker (Jake Lloyd), with the Jedi Master believing the child could bring balance to the Force. Within the Star Wars universe, Ben and Vos have been on several adventures and even required rescuing by Jinn at times. The character of Vos was something of an oddity among the Jedi Order given his closeness to his parents - something which was forbidden. As part of the agreement allow Vos to be a Jedi, his parents insisted he was trained on Kiffu rather than leave his home. DON'T MISS...Obi-Wan Kenobi episode release schedule: How many episodes are there? [EXPLAINER]Obi-Wan Kenobi: The true meaning behind the Jedi's name explained [ANALYSIS]Star Wars timeline and recap: When exactly Obi-Wan Kenobi is set [INSIGHT] Vos’ parents were later murdered and he was put in a tricky position when his aunt became the ruler of Kiffu and forced him to use his powers on a medallion worn by his mother. In doing so, Vos was exposed to harrowing scenes of his parents’ death and left traumatised. However, his mentor Master Tholme took Vos to the Jedi Council with the youngster leaving his home planet of Kiffu to undergo further training. The Jedi Knight was considered something of a maverick and didn’t always follow the rules. He developed the power to experience the memories of others simply by touching an object a person had worn, which made him an adept tracker. Interestingly, when Yoda sought to unlock the secrets of immortality and was shown several visions by the Force Priestesses, Vos cropped up. One of the visions showed an idyllic Jedi Order which featured Vos, suggesting his benevolent nature. With this nod to Vos in Obi-Wan Kenobi, it seems possible the Jedi could show up in the Disney Plus series and work with Ben, who is still broken from the fall of Anakin to the Dark Side. Obi-Wan Kenobi episodes are released on Disney+ on Wednesdays