Ruth Langsford, 62, attended the Royal Ascot yesterday with her husband Eamonn Holmes, 63. The Loose Women host took to Instagram to gush over Dame Deborah James, 40, revealing she was "delighted" to have got the chance to speak to the "most brave woman". Ruth took to Instagram to share two snaps from yesterday's Ascot trip with her husband and Deborah. The Loose Women host sported a white suit and an orange fascinator and matching clutch bag, while Deborah looked glamorous in a polka dot mini dress. While Eamonn looked dapper in a black suit and green paisley tie. Ruth captioned the snaps in view of her 1 million Instagram followers: "An absolute delight and privilege for me and @eamonnholmes to see and talk to Dame Deborah James @bowelbabe at Ascot yesterday. READ MORE: Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak "The most brave, inspirational and funny woman I know. "Delightful to see you there and to talk with you for so long Deborah….hope you enjoyed the rest of the day and had a few winners! "If you haven’t already, please take a look at Dame Deborah’s fundraising account @bowelbabefund and donate if you’re able to…..an incredible cause for an incredible woman #damedeborahjames #bowelbabe #bowelbabefund @ascotracecourse." Many social media users took to the comments to share their admiration to Deborah and the kind words Ruth wrote. Deborah replied: "So good to talk and spend the afternoon xxxxx." Social media user Charleylou78 said: "Such a strong and inspirational lady." Lizhambridge added: "I love this lady so much - even though I don’t know her and have never met her. Her light just shines so brightly." Kay.lowe.399 commented: "That's such a lovely photo of the 3 of you. DON'T MISS... Helen Skelton stuns in busty hot pink jumpsuit at Royal Ascot [PICS] Rod Stewart's moving tribute to late dad amid NHS gesture [COMMENT] Lorraine Kelly hits out at Boris Johnson after snub [OPINION] "Deborah is such an inspiration to so many people. Glad she got to attend. Love Deborah's shoes." Deborah has made sure to leave an impact, with her fundraising page so far reaching an astonishing £6.7 million. The money will be going towards Cancer Research UK, the Royal Marsden and Bowel Cancer UK. In order to raise awareness of bowel cancer, Deborah has been very public about her battle, with her being moved to at-home hospice care last month. She told Lorraine Kelly: "I'm taking life day by day, and I think just continuing to feel blessed to have another day knowing that my time is limited. "But at the same time, if truth be told, I've already outlived yet again what I was told when I was sent home from the hospital, so I think already even I'm a bit surprised. "But I think it's having that sense of purpose - getting involved, continuing with the campaigning is keeping me going. "Obviously, the Bowelbabe fund I'm so proud of, and it's a legacy that I am so proud to leave behind when I am no longer here."