Kat Conway, 50, was walking Shih Poo, Jessie, near the St Pancras Renaissance Hotel in Euston Road, London, at around 2pm on Monday, June 6 when she collapsed. A man, described to be about 5ft 7, is understood to have stayed with Ms Conway and phoned 999, but then proceeded to take the apricot-coloured dog. Ms Conway, who is originally from Paisley near Glasgow, was taken to hospital for urgent treatment and is now recovering at home. But she is now without her beloved dog which she rescued as a puppy. She told the Daily Mail: “I'm really worried about her. She's always with me and is my shadow. “This is breaking my heart and all I want is her back home so I can cuddle her.” The dog’s theft is now the subject of an investigation by the Metropolitan Police. A Met Police spokesperson said: “Police are investigating an allegation of theft after a dog was reportedly stolen in Euston Road, NW1, on the afternoon of Monday, 6 June. “Officers have taken a statement from the informant and enquiries are ongoing.” A Facebook page named Find Wee Jessie has since been set up, amassing 1,200 followers in a matter of days. READ MORE: We compared breakfasts from Tesco, Asda, Morrisons and Waitrose It says: “We believe the blonde haired man has her dog. But, as yet, he does not seem to have contacted the police or dog warden to report that he has the dog. “We are looking for any hotel staff or passers-by who witnessed what happened.” The dog is microchipped and neutered, with her details being correctly registered to the owner. The Facebook page also says she was wearing a matching pink and white Tartan patterned harness, leash and collar. Jessie also has two bowed front legs. Data released by the Metropolitan Police earlier this year revealed there were as many as 422 dog thefts across the capital in 2021, topping that of anywhere else in the country. DON'T MISSJoy for unwanted rescue dog who spent all day crying in his kennel [INSIGHT]Amazing pet husky learns how to cook meal - he even helps wash up [WATCH]Thug who beat puppy unconscious after it peed on him is spared jail [JUST IN] According to Direct Line, French Bulldogs are one of the most commonly stolen dogs, along with Jack Russell Terriers. Around 45 French Bulldogs were taken last year, which is a 29 percent increase from the 25 pinched the year before. The Met Police has issued some guidance for pet owners who are fearful of their animals being stolen. This includes ensuring they are microchipped, registered with the correct details and leaving dogs unattended outside supermarkets or in gardens where they are not always in sight. People are urged to contact the police if their dog is stolen, and report it to their local council with a specific description. Contacting the microchipping database is also recommended, as an alert can be placed on it to let vets or any other scanner know the dog has been reported missing or stolen.