GoFundMe has reportedly removed a $1 million fundraiser entitled “Justice for Amber Heard” which claimed to be raising money to help Ms Heard pay Johnny Depp $10.4 million in damages following their high-profile libel trial. It is understood that the campaign was set up shortly after the jury’s verdict was announced on Wednesday.A user named Kimberly organised the fundraiser and claimed that she had been in touch with Amber Heard’s legal team.Kimberly also promised that Amber Heard would receive all of the money raised, as reported by TMZ.The description read: “The trial was a disgrace... READ MORE:Gwyneth Paltrow reunites with ex Chris Martin at daughter's graduation “The judgement exceeds her net worth...If you can please help her.“She will have direct access to the money. I also contacted her attorney so they can loop her in.”GoFundMe swiftly flagged the fundraiser and determined that neither Amber nor her legal team were behind it.A spokesperson for the site informed the aforementioned publication that the page was taken down before a “substantial amount” of money was raised. They added that GoFundMe will continue to be vigilant and act accordingly whenever fake profiles are created.It comes after Amber Heard’s lawyer, Elaine Bredehoft, said the actress “absolutely can’t” afford to pay Johnny Depp’s damages.She appeared on NBC’s Today show and was asked by presenter Savannah Guthrie: “Is [Amber] able to pay a $10.4 million judgement?”Ms Bredehoft then responded: “Oh no, absolutely not.” DON'T MISSDonny Osmond warned ‘don’t come back’ after breaking on-stage rule[INSIGHT]Tom Hanks, 65, sparks concern amongst fans with 'very thin' frame[PICTURES]Deborah James says she's 'determined not to die on Jubilee weekend'[LATEST] The verdict ruled that Mr Depp won all three of his claims and Ms Heard was guilty of defamation in her 2018 op-ed.   The statements include the headline: “I spoke up against sexual violence - and faced our culture’s wrath. That has to change.” And two other sentences: “Then two years ago, I became a public figure representing domestic abuse, and I felt the full force of our culture’s wrath for women who speak out." And: “I had the rare vantage point of seeing, in real time, how institutions protect men accused of abuse.” Ms Heard only won one of the three claims in her countersuit.The jury found that Mr Depp defamed her through his lawyer Adam Waldman and will have to pay her $2 million.