However, nearly three quarters of firms (73 percent) reported their adoption of EV vehicles had been complicated or held back by recent changes to regulations and grants. Experts have issued a warning over a lack of understanding around new electric vehicle rules coming into force this Thursday. Nearly half (46 percent) of 500 British fleet managers interviewed by EO were confused by or unaware of the upcoming rules on the sale of smart EV chargers. Nearly three quarters of firms (73 percent) reported their adoption of EV vehicles had been complicated or held back by recent changes to regulations and grants. Earlier this month the Government ended the plug-in-grant for cars nearly a year earlier than it had originally promised, reported Derbyshire Live. READ MORE: Electric cars may pay car tax through 'vehicle tracking technologies' Charlie Jardine, CEO at EO Charging, said: “Bringing in new market policy or legislation isn’t easy; it takes time for an industry to adapt. “But these businesses don’t have time – they’ve got a hard deadline to transition to electric and need to feel confident in the economic and environmental case for doing so. “It’s vital that government and industry providers, like EO, do what we can to ensure confusion over these law changes does not slow down the pace of fleet electrification. "The benefits of smart charging are significant – from increased vehicle uptime, savings on long-term energy costs, to a lower TCO – that’s the message businesses need to hear. DON'T MISS High petrol and diesel prices are making the UK’s roads safer [REVEAL] London councils and TfL rack up £1.25million in emission charges [INSIGHT] Drivers warned they risk life in prison for bad driving habits [WARNING] “The fact that a quarter think this move will increase costs, is a real concern. The UK has become a world leader in EVs, and large fleets like our customers Amazon and Tesco, are setting the pace for their global peers. “We must do what we can to continue to strengthen and grow that leadership." It comes as it was suggested electric cars may be charged with a pay-per-mile tax system, with a leading climate organisation suggesting this could be done with tracking devices. A new report from the Climate Change Committee (CCC) states that the UK Government needs to introduce measures to help address the hole left in public finances by fuel duty. As the UK switches to electric cars, revenue from fuel duty will be cut dramatically, which could leave the Government with a black hole of around £28billion a year. In the report, the CCC called for a “sensible and fair approach” to road pricing, to ensure the shortfall is made up. This would be implemented to avoid further subsiding the costs of driving from general taxation. Without any tax on driving, the considerable operational savings offered by EVs can be expected to significantly increase congestion as the costs to drivers of each extra mile driven is lower.