Christina Ricci, 42, has looked back on her experiences as she remembered staying naked while she filmed one of her movies. The actress made the candid admission while discussing her craft with fellow actress and Euphoria star Sydney Sweeney for one of Variety’s Actors on Actors interviews. The Addams Family star explained how she once filmed a movie where she was in the nude “pretty much the entire time”. However, she felt more “uncomfortable” with members of the crew feeling uncomfortable about her nudity. She said: “Once I had to do a movie where I was naked pretty much the entire time. “The thing that made me more uncomfortable was other people being uncomfortable with me being naked. “So what I did, and you probably wouldn’t be allowed to do this now – I just stayed naked. “I was like, ‘Don’t make me feel weird, like I’m the person who has to be ashamed.’” Christina admitted: “I would talk to crew members naked.” The actress had previously spoken out about filming naked and how she was unsure she would “go just full on vag”. Her admission came as she was discussing her role in television series Z: The Beginning of Everything, which sees her bare it all. The storyline demanded that she stripped completely naked for the Amazon Prime drama, using just a pubic wig used to cover her modesty. The programme follows the life of Zelda Fitzgerald, the wife of The Great Gatsby writer F. Scott Fitzgerald whose attention she was trying to get in the racy scene. Surrounded by onlookers, Zelda bursts into the room in nothing but a pair of kinky heels as she leans on the door completely naked. Speaking about the scene, Christina said back in 2017: “I almost don’t feel like it isn’t fully nude because the merkin is kind of like wearing a bikini. “I don’t know that I would ever go just full on vag. I feel like I’d have to do underwear. “It’s a merkin. It feels like you have underwear on,” she added to Yahoo Style. But while she did not seem to have any concerns about appearing on-screen naked, the actress chose to film the scenes on an empty stomach. Christina continued: “I just make sure that they shoot it first thing so that I can eat afterwards. “I’ve done a lot of nude scenes in my life and I feel like, at this point, it’s no secret what I look like naked. You can Google me.” Discussing body insecurities, Christina said: “So that character isn’t perfect? So that character has fat arms. “Whatever! It’s not like being a model where you’re supposed to look great all the time.”