The fire has broken out at Smurfit Kappa as 1000's of tonnes of cardboard and paper went up in flames. West Midlands Fire Service tweeted: "Make pumps 20 at Smurfit Kappa 1000's of tons of cardboard and paper on fire, crews are working extremely hard."  Video footage has showed smoke billowing over the West Midlands as the flames continue. Twenty water pumps are battling the massive blaze at Nechells, Birmingham, which has left a plume of smoke in the air. Locals have been told to avoid the area and keep their windows and doors shut. Crews are said to be working "extremely hard" to keep the fire under control, and a video taken from the area shows the scale of their challenge.   The huge fire has taken place at the local Smurfit Kappa packaging plant and has seen 1000s of tonnes of cardboard and paper go up in smoke. In an earlier statement, West Midlands Fire Service said 15 pumps were in attendance before upping it. Over it, a voice can be heard talking about the location of the "full on fire" that looks "pretty nasty". READ MORE: Royal fans swoon over Kate after heartfelt moment with Charlotte  At shortly before quarter to ten this evening, West Midlands Fire Service tweeted out their first update, saying: "15 pumps in attendance at large recycling plant Nechells, Heartlands Parkway is closed, avoid area keep windows and doors shut." It is so far not known whether anyone was hurt during the ongoing incident. There were reports of ash falling from the sky onto roads in the surrounding area. Traffic information service Inrix said: "A47 Heartlands Parkway in both directions closed due to building fire at a recycling plant from Aston Church Road to B4114 Saltley Viaduct. To the north east of the city centre, between Duddeston and the Washwood Heath area." DON'T MISS:Smart meter CHAOS as Britons billed for usage outside of their homes [INSIGHT]Thick plumes of black smoke blanket city as huge fire erupts [PICTURES]M5 CLOSED: Drivers walking on motorway as all traffic stopped  [VIDEO]   People have been told to avoid the area, as the fire service share dramatic images of the blaze.