Manchester City have joined Liverpool in the race for Arsenal youngster Bukayo Saka, and it could be awful timing for the Gunners according to the Daily Mail. Saka's current deal is set to expire at the end of 2024, but Arsenal are already in talks to hand him a new contract. Mikel Arteta has played Saka more than any other player during his time at the club, but City and Liverpool's interest could mean that his time at Arsenal could be coming to an end. The 20-year-old has been exceptional for Arsenal since graduating from their academy, and has since become a popular figure within the England camp. And Liverpool have already been monitoring him for a while as they weigh up an audacious offer. But now City have registered their interest, and it's come at a critical time as Arsenal are doing their best to tie Saka down to a new deal. And with Raheem Sterling potentially looking to leave the Etihad, Saka could be the perfect long-term replacement.  READ MORE: Man Utd's formidable new-look defence if Erik ten Hag pulls off four exciting signings Arsenal may need to spend big again this summer after narrowly missing out on Champions League football last season, but re-signing Saka is a top priority at the club. Saka is seen as one of their most valuable assets, and the future of Arsenal alongside the likes of Emile Smith Rowe and Gabriel Martinelli. Saka is a known Arsenal fan, and has been at the club since the age of seven. But the interest from the Premier League's top dogs may have turned his head, much to the disgust of the Gunners.  DON'T MISSArsenal have already pulled off transfer masterstroke as Arteta given double boost[COMMENT]Christian Eriksen tipped to snub Man Utd and Tottenham as likely transfer named[QUOTES]Tottenham up ante for Djed Spence as Fabio Paratici pursues third summer deal[TRANSFERS] Their failure to secure Champions League football for this season has massively impacted their original summer plans, with the club struggling to secure some of their transfer targets. But it may also have an impact on the future of some of their current stars, Saka included. City are always looking to the future, as are Liverpool, and the impending exit of Sterling and Riyad Mahrez could see them launch a bid for Saka. And his versatility only helps his case, as he can play in a number of different positions.  It's a similar situation for Liverpool too, with Sadio Mane set to leave this club this summer, and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain may also be on his way out. Klopp is an admirer of Saka, and is keen to add more youth to his front line in order to prepare for the future. And former England international Kevin Phillips has previously urged Jurgen Klopp to sign Saka as a long-term replacement for Mohamed Salah. "I think Saka will get better and better," Phillips told Football Insider. "He’s still a young kid, he’s done a lot already in his short career.  "I think he’s an unbelievable talent and I think, moulded in the right way, he’ll turn out to be a top-class player. Whether he can go to Liverpool, if that was to happen, could he emulate what Salah’s done? It’d be very, very difficult for any player to do that. "But he’s certainly got the attributes and qualities that he possibly could join Liverpool and replace Salah. Let’s not forget, Salah didn’t tear it up early on at Chelsea. For Saka, he’s developing all the time." 