Newcastle United's swoop for Reims striker Hugo Ekitike has hit a second snag after the Frenchman was struck with a hamstring injury on Thursday. The Magpies were already growing frustrated that the player's agent had delayed a trip to the north-east, despite already reaching an agreement for the £26million forward. Newcastle came close to signing Ekitike in January before the teenager and his camp decided that staying in his native France would be a better way to continue his development. With a few more months of experience under his belt, things could be different this summer and talks with the Magpies appeared to be progressing well. In fact, Fabrizio Romano claims that Newcastle and Reims have already come to an 'agreement' over the youngster, with Sky Sports placing the value just under £26million. Even so, the deal is not yet done and a spanner may have just been thrown into the works. During France Under-20's 4-1 win over Mexico Under-20 on Thursday, Ekitike was forced off with a hamstring injury. That certainly won't be looked upon favourably by the Toon, who may grow concerned about the player's ability to recover before pre-season, or stay fit thereafter. JUST IN: Man Utd caught in crossfire as Bayern mocked by European rival for 'insulting' Liverpool Romano adds that Ekitike's agent was due to arrive in Newcastle on Monday to build on the positive talks that had already taken place. His delay, coupled with Ekitike's new injury, has reportedly prompted the Magpies to 'consider other options'. At 19-years-old, Ekitike finished his first full season of top-flight football with 10 Ligue 1 goals, but the slender 6ft 2in forward may not have the physical capabilities to slot straight into a Premier League side fighting to gatecrash the top six. DON'T MISSTransfer news LIVE: Man Utd hijack Nunez to Liverpool, Chelsea want Sterling [BLOG]Man Utd's stance on Bissouma as Arsenal prioritise Tielemans deal [TRANSFERS]Ecuador 'to be kicked out of World Cup' as player 'faked birth certificate' [NEWS] One of Newcastle's alternative targets is thought to be Dominic Calvert-Lewin. Conversely to Ekitike, the Everton striker is the proven package at Premier League level and already has the strength and athleticism in his locker to cope with the rigours of the English top-flight. But the Toffees are set to demand a premium for his services, particularly given that they do not want to sell to someone they consider a direct rival. It remains to be seen whether Eddie Howe and co press on with their pursuit of Ekitike, whose status as a broadly unknown quantity will only have been boosted by his latest injury blow, or switch attention exclusively to Calvert-Lewin. In any case, Newcastle are under no massive pressure to secure a marquee frontman due to the presence of Callum Wilson, who maintains a solid strike rate when fit.  With matters in attack sure to confuse Newcastle fans, their defensive picture is beginning to look a little clearer. Having flirted with the idea of trying to pinch Nathan Ake from Manchester City, a deal for Lille's Sven Botman now appears to be taking shape. Talks concerning with Dutchman are reportedly advancing, and Botman would have no issue in moving to the Premier League and partnering Dan Burn in central defence.