After being booed by a large crowd on Friday as he entered St Paul’s Cathedral for the service celebrating the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, the Prime Minister has seen Labour’s lead over his party double in the last two weeks. It comes amid growing speculation that enough letters from Tory MPs may have been submitted to trigger a vote of confidence in his leadership. According to the weekly Techne UK/ Express.co.uk tracker poll Labour has 40 percent for the second week in a row with the Tories losing a point to drop to 32 percent. The Lib Dems appear to have been the beneficiaries of the Conservative loss, rising a point to 12 percent. The findings came from a survey of 1,624 people carried out on May 31 and June 1. It comes as the Conservatives face an uphill task to defend seats in two tough by-elections on June 23 - the sixth anniversary of the EU referendum - in Wakefield which Labour is expected to win back, and Tiverton and Honiton, which the Lib Dems are favourites to win. But more pressing for the Prime Minister is whether the threshold of 54 letters to Sir Graham Brady chairman of the 1922 Committee, which represents Tory MPs, has been reached to trigger a vote of confidence in his leadership. If the threshold has been reached, then Sir Graham is expected to make an announcement on Monday with a vote on Wednesday. With the Partygate scandal of lockdown breaking drink-fuelled events in Downing Street still apparently knocking public confidence, the tracker poll shows that confidence in the Government is down three points to 31 percent compared to 65 percent who are not confident in the Government. But Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer still facing question marks over his own alleged lockdown breaking in Durham last year when more than £200 of curry washed down with beer was consumed by him, his deputy Angela Rayner and Labour activists. Sir Keir has said he will quit if fined by Durham Police over the incident and his party now seem to be unable to increase their support above 40 percent. READ MORE: Fears Queen's Platinum Jubilee risks being RUINED by Tory plotters Michela Morizzo, chief executive of Techne UK, said: “This poll shows that Conservative voters are getting cooler  and this reflects  a growing problem for Boris Johnson  and his party. There is now no doubt that they are losing ground to Labour and public confidence in the government is negative. "Conversely, the fact Labour is not profiting from this in terms of extra support and is stuck on 40 percent shows that Keir Starmer is also not yet convincing the public that he is an alternative prime minister. "The low number of people certain to vote is reflective of a wider lack of confidence in politics as a whole." DON'T MISS American voters want to DITCH Biden and 'wish Trump had won in 2020' [REVEAL]Brexiteers give Boris 2,000 ideas to obliterate EU rules [INSIGHT]Brexiteer ridicules calls to rejoin EU single market [REACT]