Thanasi Kokkinakis may not have troubled Novak Djokovic too much on his Centre Court debut, but the Aussie tennis ace left his mark another way after making the crowd laugh towards the end. Kokkinakis was always going to be up against it in his match against Djokovic, who hasn't lost at Wimbledon since 2016. That proved to be the case with Djokovic quickly winning the first two sets and then going a double break up in the third. While Djokovic was serving for the match at 5-2 with the game tied 30-30, Kokkinakis then did something potentially never seen on Centre Court. Djokovic smashed a fierce forehand down the line and sensed a return would be bouncing near the net and was already there for a delicate drop shot. Kokkinakis then scrambled to get a racket on it and sent it over directly at his opponent. Sensing the point was already over at the point, Kokkinakis hilariously span round and bent over to seemingly tease Djokovic into hitting the ball at him. The No 1 seed rejected the open invitation, choosing to delicately lob the Australian. But Djokovic was able to laugh about the incident with the Centre Court crowd also in hysterics. Even Djokovic's box was able to share a laugh about the incident, especially as it brought up match point. The 35-year-old was unable to make the first one count as Kokkinakis then hit a stunning winner down the line. The laughter continued after that point on Centre Court when one member of the crowd shouted out: "Make him work for it". Kokkinakis smiled and shrugged his shoulders in response as if to say what more can he do. A double fault from Djokovic then handed Kokkinakis his first break point of the match, but the pre-tournament favourite resettled himself to eventually win and move on. We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures, and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit:/sport Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion, and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @DExpress_Sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real-time. We're also on Facebook @DailyExpressSport - offering your must-see news, features, videos, and pictures throughout the day to like, comment, and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express, and Express.co.uk.