The Foreign Secretary made the demand the day after the government published legislation to override parts of the Brexit deal with the EU. The Northern Ireland protocol, designed to avoid creating a goods border between the north and south, has been widely criticised for instead effectively creating one in the Irish Sea. The protocol kept Northern Ireland in the EU single market for goods - although under new legislation Ms Truss has moved to enable the UK to act unilaterally to override parts of the agreement. Brussels is preparing to take legal action as soon as Wednesday in response to the UK moves. In response to the customs border in the Irish Sea created by the deal, the DUP refused to re-enter Northern Ireland’s power-sharing executive after exiting it in February. The party has also prevented the election of a speaker to the regional Stormont assembly. In an interview with BBC Radio Ulster Ms Truss said: “I would like the DUP to get on with it as soon as possible,” calling on the party to reactive Northern Ireland’s political institutions. DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson praised the new legislation as a potential “solution that can work for everyone”. However, he went on to add that his party would only return to political institutions “when we believe have made sufficient progress”. Ms Truss’ new bill is expected to be met with substantial resistance from the House of Lords, and is further jeopardised by instability in the Conservative party following a 41 percent vote of no confidence in the Prime Minister last week. Ireland has commented bilateral ties with the UK have crashed to a historic low. Irish foreign minister Simon Coveney said: “All of Britain’s friends are saying effectively ‘please don’t do this’.” He added Britain’s move would “destabilise what is already a difficult situation”. READ MORE: Sturgeon snaps at reporter over tense Brexit border probe [REVEAL] However Ms Truss has argued the legislation was “the only option” to fix the social and political “peril” the government says has been caused by the protocol. Her demands come just two years after prime minister Boris Johnson hailed the same Brexit deal as a breakthrough. Truss said triggering Article 16 of the protocol, which would have temporarily put parts on hold, would only have “kicked the can down the road and caused more frustration”. However Sinn Fein’s leader Michelle O’Neill, Northern Ireland’s first minister-in-waiting after she won regional elections last month, branded the UK’s actions “disgraceful and reckless” and a “straight-up, slam dunk breach of an international agreement”. DON'T MISS: Ireland rages at UK bid to overrule Brexit deal 'Nothing overzealous' [REVEAL]Brexit revenge: 3 moves Brussels could make to punish UK over new bill [INSIGHT]Ireland's Coveney furiously slapped down over 'delusional' Brexit plea [ANALYSIS] Under Ms Truss’ bill, goods destined to stay in Northern Ireland would pass through a green channel with no checks, while only British goods travelling into the Republic of Ireland and the EU would go through a “red lane”. This would end EU control over state aid and value added tax in Northern Ireland, creating a dual regulatory regime which would allow goods from Britain in the country to meet either UK or EU standards. Brussels’ anticipated response on Wednesday could include reactivating legal action against London for failing to implement full border checks in Northern Ireland, which was paused in July 2021 to bolster the negotiating process. The MEPs who chair the European parliament’s UK contact group — David McAllister, Bernd Lange and Nathalie Loiseau — warned on Tuesday that the UK’s unilateral action constituted a “serious and unacceptable breach of international law”.