Celebrity Gogglebox gives fans an insight into the homes of some of the country's most famous faces, commenting on what's been on TV that week. The hit Channel 4 reality show hasn't been airing since the summer of 2021 so it's about time that it returns to the small screen. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the cast of Celebrity Gogglebox. Television and radio presenter Nick Grimshaw is back for Celebrity Gogglebox alongside his niece Liv. He is best known for hosting a variety of shows on BBC Radio 1 and has presented shows such as Channel 4's T4 and The Album Chart Show. It was reported last year that Liv works as an assistant in merchandise for the online fashion brand Pretty Little Thing. Rylan Clark originally starred on the TV talent show Signed by Katie Price but really shot to fame when he came in fifth place on The X Factor season nine. He then went on to win Celebrity Big Brother series 11 and regularly works as a presenter on This Morning. Starring next to him on their Gogglebox sofa is his 68-year-old mum Linda. READ MORE: Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in for Gloria Hunniford Adding a bit of Mancunian charm to the show are performers Shaun Ryder and Bez. Ryder was the lead singer and songwriter of the 1980s band Happy Mondays and Bez was the band's dancer and percussionist. In 1993, the pair formed their new rock band Black Grape who are still touring today. Former Manchester City footballer Micah Richards will feature alongside fellow ex-footballer for Liverpool James Carragher. Richards now works as a sports pundit for Sky Sports and BBC Sport, as well as making regular appearances on the panel show A League of Their Own. Former Spandau Ballet band member and EastEnders star Martin Kemp will once again take his place on his sofa in front of the nation. He will be joined by his son Roman Kemp who has presented on Capital FM since 2014. Roman also finished in third place in the 19th season of I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! in 2019. Mel C, whose full name is Melanie Chisholm, is, of course, best known for being one-fifth of the iconic girl band the Spice Girls. She is going to star in Celebrity Gogglebox this time around with her brother Paul. DON'T MISS...Sharon Osbourne rushes to US as Ozzy needs 'major' operation  [HEALTH]Zoe Ball's son admits they 'only see each other when they're working' [CAST]Gogglebox family quit show to take on new ventures [EXPLAINER] Comedian Mo Gilligan has quickly become a household name to many, especially since becoming one of the judges on ITV's The Masked Singer. His talk show The Lateish Show with Mo Gilligan made its debut in 2019 on Channel 4. Gilligan will be sat alongside friend and fellow comedian Babatunde Aléshé who has appeared in Doctor Who and EastEnders. Denise Van Outen is an actress, singer, dancer and presenter who previously hosted The Big Breakfast. She has also played Roxie Hart in the musical Chicago at the West End, was runner-up in season 10 of Strictly Come Dancing and remains as the narrator of The Only Way is Essex. Van Outen is going to be chatting TV with Blue boyband singer Duncan James. He also went on to feature in Channel 4's Hollyoaks as Ryan Knight. He has written and performed a plethora of times on BBC Radio 4 as well. Sinha will be joined by his husband Oliver for the Channel 4 reality series. Celebrity Gogglebox returns on Friday, June 10, at 9pm on Channel 4.