The 52-year-old has fronted the hit BBC show, The Repair Shop, since it was launched in 2017. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Jay Blades admitted the presenters and experts often feel the weight of responsibility as people leave their most cherished possessions in their care to be lovingly restored as he detailed how earning trust is a key component of the process. Guests on the show trust Jay and his team to restore their items, which often have sentimental stories behind them, to their former glory. With this responsibility comes some fear though, as Jay told Express.co.uk. "As soon as they walk through the door, we have to make them feel comfortable and secure," he explained. "They then express what they might not have told anybody. It's like you have to make them feel comfortable. "And then you have to build trust into them that their item is going to be really looked after. And that's what our job is, to do that." READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show The presenter also explained how much the items mean to their owners, with many a significant part of the family's history. "Sometimes the items have never left their family and 100 years," he detailed. "Nothing does go wrong, but I think every expert as soon as they take it, they feel the weight of the family's history that the item that they're holding. "So no one else is allowed to touch the item apart from that. "And that's just a rule that we have with all the experts. "If you're going to touch someone's item, one, you have to ask them and more than likely they will say no, so there's no point asking." The tear-jerking series has remained popular since it started five years ago. Since the popular series started, Jay has continued to win the hearts of the nation with several candid documentaries. DON'T MISS... Nick Ferrari argues ‘might take funeral’ to reunite Harry and William [VIDEO]EastEnders icon opens up on pain of June Brown’s death [EXCLUSIVE]Carol Kirkwood shares details of three meetings with Queen [LATEST] These include Jay Blades: Learning to Read at 51 and Jay Blades: No Place Like Home, where he discussed his humble beginnings and the challenges he has faced. Jay previously told the world of how he had lived in poverty on a rat-infested council estate after his father abandoned the family when he was a baby. He then became homeless at 21, with just a single carrier bag of possessions to his name. Fans enjoy staying up to date with Jay's latest personal and professional updates. He recently posted a touching photo of himself cuddling his fiancee Lisa Marie Zbozen. Taking to Instagram, he captioned the post: "THOUGHT OF THE DAY," as he urged his fans to tell their loved ones how much they mean to them. Jay wrote: "You might not have tomorrow to say, 'I Love You.' #sayit." Fans flooded his comments with supportive messages in agreement. The Repair Shop returns for a Jubilee Special on Wednesday at 8pm on BBC One.