Liverpool are reportedly expected to sign Aberdeen teenager Calvin Ramsay this summer as Jurgen Klopp continues to look ahead to the future after signing a new contract. Klopp, who will now remain at Anfield until 2026, has already added Fulham prospect Fabio Carvalho to his squad ahead of 2022-23. The Reds have an ageing core who will need to be replaced over the coming years. Klopp will likely have a very different team by the time of 2025-26 - the final season of his contract. Here is how Express Sport believes Liverpool will line up in that campaign. Goalkeeper: Alisson Brazilian shot-stopper Alisson could still be at the peak of his powers in four years’ time. The 29-year-old has been outstanding since joining from Roma in 2018, finally plugging the Reds’ goalkeeping deficiencies. A key to Premier League clubs being successful in recent years has been the addition of an elite goalkeeper. But it is unlikely that Liverpool will need to worry about shaking up that department any time soon. JUST IN: Darwin Nunez 'picks between Liverpool and Man Utd transfer' Defenders: Calvin Ramsay, Ibrahima Konate, Virgil van Dijk, Owen Beck Liverpool have reportedly opened the bidding for Aberdeen ace Ramsay. The 18-year-old is the subject of a £4million bid by the Anfield outfit, according to the Sun. Ramsay is an attacking right-back with solid numbers in the final third. He scored once and set up a further nine goals in 33 appearances across all competitions last season. The Scotland U21 star seems likely to arrive on Merseyside in the coming weeks. On the other side of the back four could be academy prospect Owen Beck. The 19-year-old impressed during pre-season a year ago and was handed a competitive debut against Preston in the Carabao Cup. Beck, the great nephew of Liverpool hero Ian Rush, could be the long-term replacement for Andy Robertson, who will turn 34 in 2026. Klopp has always preferred younger, more dynamic full-backs in peak physical condition. Virgil van Dijk could be the oldest starting player at Liverpool given that he will turn 35 in July 2026, but Chelsea’s Thiago Silva has proved at 37 that centre-backs can still prosper in the Premier League in their late 30s. Ibrahima Konate has made a promising start to his Liverpool career and is likely to be a mainstay for the next decade. DON'T MISS...Liverpool receive Gakpo transfer boost as Reds hunt Mane replacementBayern transfer chiefs set to fly to Liverpool to thrash out Mane dealLiverpool 'make club-record Nunez bid' with Klopp 'crazy' about star Midfielders: Trent Alexander-Arnold, Fabio Carvalho, Harvey Elliott By 2025-26, Trent Alexander-Arnold might have made his move into midfield. Of course, Klopp has described the England man as the best right-back in the world and hit out at Gareth Southgate for using him in the middle of the park. But four years is a long time in football and Alexander-Arnold, who will turn 27 at the start of 2025-26, might have convinced Klopp that his future lies in midfield. He has previously insisted he would better suit the deep-lying no.6 position, but could also play as a no.8. Alongside him in midfield could be new signing Fabio Carvalho, who will arrive from Fulham at the start of the transfer window. The 18-year-old has been earmarked as a player for the future but will surely be a first-team regular in four years’ time. The versatile Portugal U21 star, who also represented England at youth level, can play in midfield and out wide. They could be joined by another former Fulham prospect in Harvey Elliott, who had an excellent start to the season before dislocating his ankle. He recovered at the start of 2022 and made 11 appearances across all competitions. Attackers: Kaide Gordon, Diogo Jota, Luis Diaz It is a surprise given his presence in the Liverpool team around January that 17-year-old Kaide Gordon has scarcely been seen since. The direct winger became the club’s second-youngest ever scorer when he netted in the FA Cup win over Shrewsbury, before starting the Carabao Cup semi-final second leg against Arsenal. Gordon will still only be 21 by the end of 2025-26 and could be making frequent starts at Anfield. Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane are likely to be long gone by then, too, opening up minutes for the England youth starlet. Diogo Jota and Luis Diaz will both be 29 and time will tell whether they can recreate the prolific partnership struck between Salah and Mane.