Amid the multiple challenges facing America following Donald Trump's presidency, President Joe Biden has struggled to keep his approval rating over 50 percent. According to the FiveThirtyEight’s polls aggregator, President Biden fell under 50 percent of approval last August and has since steadily dropped to a record low of 40 percent. Experts agree Biden’s popularity among the Democrats will affect the upcoming November midterms, as more voters could decide to stay home. When asked whether she should endorse President Biden on a 2024 Democratic presidential ticket, Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez first beat around the bush but then said: "We’ll cross that bridge when we get to it. But I think that if the President has a vision, that’s something we’re all willing to entertain and examine when the time comes." CNN’s TV news anchor Dana Bash then noted: "That’s not a yes." Ms Ocasio-Cortez answered: "Yeah, I think we should endorse when we get to it. But I believe the president has been doing a very good job so far. Before bursting into laughter, she added: "And should he run again, I think we’ll take a look at it." President Biden’s falling approval rating comes as the United States is facing an unprecedented set of issues such as the ongoing Ukraine war, skyrocketing inflation, a national baby formula shortage, and the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. More recently, gun violence has come back to the top of the agenda after a horrific mass shooting in an elementary school in Uvalde, Texas, claimed 21 lives. According to data compiled by the non-profit Gun Violence Archive which tracks gun violence incidents across the country, there have been at least 246 mass shootings through 5 June this year. In a bid to address that issue, US Senators, in a rare show of unity between Democrats and Republicans, agreed in principle on a new piece of legislation. READ MORE: Joe Biden least popular President in 40 years as approval nosedives However, gun violence is only one of the most pressing issues the Biden administration is grappling with right now. With the Supreme Court set to rule on Roe v. Wade, the risk of women losing their right to abortion is impending. On the American satirical show, Jimmy Kimmel Live!, Biden pledged to protect them through executive orders. Last month, Politico leaked a draft showing the Conservative-leaning Supreme Court could strike down Roe v. Wade – the landmark decision that protects abortion for all women at the federal level. "It’s clear that if, in fact, the decision comes down the way it does and these states impose the limitations they’re talking about, it’s going to cause a mini-revolution and they’re going to vote a lot of these folks out of office," the President predicted. DON'T MISS: Newsnight: Ex-staffer says Trump would 'beat Biden' today [REPORT]Kim Jong-un warned 'you will be annihilated' after missile row [REPORT]Joe Biden takes yet another tumble as he walks up Air Force One steps [REPORT] Democratic strategists are hoping the Supreme Court's ruling could spark a backlash among Democratic voters who would then turn out in droves to protest the Republican-led restriction. If the Supreme Court decides to strike down Roe v. Wade, each US state will have the option to preserve abortion access – and Joe Biden can do very little about it. In a last-ditch attempt to garner voters’ support for abortion rights, the US President said in a White House statement: "if the Court does overturn Roe, it will fall on our nation’s elected officials at all levels of government to protect a woman's right to choose. " And it will fall on voters to elect pro-choice officials this November. At the federal level, we will need more pro-choice Senators and a pro-choice majority in the House to adopt legislation that codifies Roe, which I will work to pass and sign into law."