Money Heist, also known as La Casa de Papel, reached its explosive conclusion last year after five epic seasons on Netflix. While the Spanish-speaking series is done and dusted with, the Money Heist universe has expanded with the Korean version of the drama now ready to watch. Given its title, subscribers are keen to know what Money Heist Korea is about and what it has in common with the original show. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Money Heist Korea and Money Heist. Netflix announced the release of Money Heist Korea - Joint Economic Area at the start of the year. As it has the same title as the iconic La Casa de Papel, fans were unsure exactly what the plot would be. Many thought it could be an entirely new story with new characters but set in the same universe. Instead, Money Heist Korea is actually a remake of the original drama but with a Korean twist.  READ MORE: BBC Breakfast host pokes fun at Owain Wyn Evans' appearance  This new Netflix series follows the same basic plot as the five-season Spanish show. It sees a group of criminals, fed up with their lack of wealth who decide to rob one of the biggest financial institutions in their country. Even the characters are the same with versions of The Professor, Berlin, Tokyo, Nairobi and so forth. There may be a lot of similarities between the two shows but there are some key differences.   First off, the new Money Heist series is of course set in Korea rather than Spain and so all of the characters are speaking in Korean. Many elements of the plot are also culturally specific to the country. For instance, in the original Money Heist, Berlin (played by Pedro Alonso) was terminally ill and The Professor's (Alvaro Morte) secret brother. Whereas in Money Heist Korea, the character of Berlin (Park Hae-soo) escaped serving in a forced labour camp in North Korea. DON'T MISS...Has You Don't Know Me season 2 been confirmed by the BBC? [EXPLAINER]Virgin River fans fume over Jack Sheridan change in season 4 peek [REACTION]Where was First Kill on Netflix filmed? [FILMING] Speaking to The Indian Express, director Kim Hong-sun said: “What’s amazing is that all the characters have their own personalities, and it was fun to watch them all. “I thought if we translate the background and characters into Korean, we could give birth to something novel. And that’s how we started." Money Heist Korea will be made up of 12 episodes in total on Netflix. So far though, only the first half has come out on the streaming service. Netflix has not yet announced when episode seven, along with the rest of the season, is going to be released. The Spanish Money Heist also split series five into two parts, along with other popular dramas like Ozark and Stranger Things. Typically, second parts are usually released a month or two after the first half so fans may see the rest of the series sometime in late July or early August 2022. Money Heist Korea and Money Heist are available to watch on Netflix. 