It is no secret that Liverpool are in the market for a midfielder this summer. The Reds have been heavily linked with French star Aurelien Tchouameni recently, but if they fail to reach a deal with Monaco for the 22-year-old, Jurgen Klopp may need to turn his attention back to previous target Nicolo Barella. The France international has reportedly been in talks with Liverpool, but it appears Real Madrid are favourites to secure his signature. And if the Reds miss out on the sought after star then they may already have scouting reports on a ‘Plan B’ option. The club were heavily linked with Italy international Barella in 2017, and the midfielder has progressed into a star performer that Klopp may be keen to acquire this summer. The 25-year-old is valued at £63million by Transfermarkt, a significant figure to spend although still less than the fee deemed enough to convince Monaco to part ways with Tchouameni. Barella made 36 Serie A appearances for Inter Milan last season, scoring three times and registering 12 assists for Simone Inzaghi’s side. READ MORE: Paraguay legend unleashes on Jack Grealish after 'talking s***' about Miguel Almiron The former Cagliari star was a crucial part of the Italy side that lifted the Euro 2020 trophy last summer too. If Klopp is keen to add an experienced but youthful talent to his ranks who is capable of holding down the fort in midfield, then it would be no great surprise to see Barella emerge as a target once more at Anfield. With Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain set to leave the Reds this summer and James Milner also potentially departing as he turns 37, Jurgen Klopp wants reinforcements in the centre of the park. The Reds have been targeting young players over the past few transfer windows and may continue that trend over the coming months. Borussia Dortmund midfielder Jude Bellingham has also been linked with a move to the Reds recently, with Klopp’s side amongst a host of clubs interested in the England international. However, Ray Parlour believes that Manchester City may have scuppered Liverpool’s plans to sign the midfielder after they acquired the services of Erling Haaland recently. MORE NEWSLiverpool star Mohamed Salah 'wants Premier League transfer' if he fails to sign new dealTottenham chief Fabio Paratici 'already held January talks' over discreet summer dealLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting The Arsenal hero told talkSPORT: “I don’t think Dortmund can lose two players in one summer, can they? I don’t think they will sell him. They don’t have to, at the moment. But what a player. “He is going to be a top, top player. So calm for his age, it’s amazing to see. Unbelievable. To play for England as well, to step into that midfield like he has been there for years. He will be bought by someone, but whether it’s going to be this window, I doubt it.” With Bellingham seemingly out of range and Tchouameni looking to be heading to Madrid, Klopp may welcome moving for Barella, a player he has scouted for the past five years, if Inter are open to selling the Italy star.