 Yesterday, petrol prices crept up to 191.05p per litre, with diesel also increasing to 198.96p a litre. An average 55-litre family car would cost almost £110 to fill up after the petrol price increase, adding to the pressure of the cost of living crisis.  Petrol wholesale price has recovered some cost but remains essentially 5p a litre cheaper than the early June peaks yet there are still record prices at the pumps. Diesel has shown some wholesale price reductions but over a shorter period to a lesser extent. The Prime Minister has hinted at action but hints don’t pay the bills, the AA said. Edmund King, AA President, slammed the price increases, calling on the Government to intervene to help drivers. READ MORE: Many electric car drivers 'confused' days before new charging rules  He said: “The pump prices are now more like ‘pump fiction’ as they don’t reflect the general downward trends we have been seeing in wholesale prices. “This is now an urgent situation. “The Prime Minister has hinted at action but we need more than hints. “Pressure to force price transparency and a cut in duty would be a step in the right direction.” DON'T MISSThe ideal mileage to look for when buying a used car [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of new law tomorrow which may see them jailed for life [SHOCKING]Motorists warned that show of 'thanks' when driving can see £1k fine [WARNING]  Fuel retailers have previously been accused of profiteering as petrol and diesel prices continue to surge. Compared to the end of May, prices of both petrol and diesel have increased by almost 17p for each fuel type. This comes as the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) continues to investigate the record petrol and diesel prices. Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng ordered an urgent review into the fuel costs, saying “more action” was needed.  He said the CMA should also explore whether the retail fuel market has “adversely affected” consumer interests. The initial report from the Government body is expected by July 7. Howard Cox, founder of FairFuelUK, has called on Kwasi Kwarteng to ensure that it is the “most detailed examination of the fuel supply chain's secretive and chronic manipulation of petrol and diesel prices, ever carried out”. Mr Cox also called for a further fuel duty cut of 20p, following on from Rishi Sunak’s 5p cut in March’s Spring Statement.  According to the most recent RAC data, the wholesale price of petrol, as of June 21, was 145.68p per litre, more than 40p cheaper than unleaded at the pumps. A similar trend can be seen with diesel as wholesale costs stand at 157p per litre, just over 40p cheaper than what the average driver would pay. Howard Cox said: “Small independent retailers are on tight margins and restrictive contracts controlled by ruthless oil companies, refineries, and wholesalers. “Stop blaming these struggling small businesses and work with us at FairFuelUK to expose the collusion, racketeering and greedy profiteering further up the fuel supply chain. “The CMA must not leave any fuel pricing decision point unexamined, every part of the process must be revealed.”