Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov took to social media to condemn Russia's state media for their reporting around the "liberation" of Ukraine's eastern city of Sievierodonetsk. Kadyrov has sent thousands of Chechen fighters to take part in Vladimir Putin's invasion and said that his troops had taken control over large swathes of the city. Kadyrov told his followers: "Right now I'm watching Rossiya 24. "They're talking about Sievierodonetsk, they're saying like 30 percent of it has been liberated or twenty percent. "The residential part is fully under the control of our fighters. "Those who are far away from Severodonetsk at least 160km, they are the ones doing these reports. JUST IN: UK makes £265m upgrade to Royal Navy's Tomahawk missiles "These are liars! "Yes, in the industrial part of the city, a few shaitans remain," he continued. "There was a large explosion there and we are checking what's next. "So check what you're talking about. People need to be told the truth." Ukrainian forces are holding just a fifth of the eastern city of Sievierodonetsk but there is still hope that they can prevent Russia taking full control, the head of the city administration told Reuters in a telephone interview on Wednesday. Russian forces entered the eastern Ukrainian city, the largest still held by Kyiv in the Luhansk region, late last week after weeks of shelling. If Russia captures the city and its smaller twin Lysychansk on the higher west bank of the Siverskyi Donets river, it will hold all of Luhansk, one of two provinces in the eastern Donbas region that Moscow claims on behalf of separatists and a key war aim of President Vladimir Putin. Russian forces now control 60 percent of the city and Ukraine holds 20 percent while the rest has become "no-man's land", said Oleksandr Stryuk, the Ukrainian head of the city administration, who declined to give his location. DON'T MISS‘Russian offensive fails' Bid to storm checkpoint destroyed [REVEAL]Sturgeon facing humiliation over anti-Trident pledge [REPORT]Crime gangs target vulnerable in new scam [INSIGHT] "The 20 percent is being fiercely defended by our armed forces," Stryuk said. "Our troops are holding defensive lines. Attempts are being made to drive out the Russian troops." "We have hope that despite everything we will free the city and not allow it to be completely occupied," he said. Stryuk said that 12-13,000 people remain in the city but that all essential infrastructure had been destroyed and that access to the city to deliver food or other aid was impossible. "They are living in conditions of constant shelling, and now street battles are going on too, which has heightened the danger to the civilian population."