Costa Coffee has announced a great promotion taking place this week - gifting customers free over ice drinks - just in time for the UK heatwave. Here’s how you can claim one of 12 drinks included in the offer. Iced Lattes are one of the most popular iced-based drinks Costa Coffee sells in-store, with sales more than doubling (+135 percent) from 2020 to 2021. And it appears Iced Lattes, a refreshing twist on a Costa Coffee classic, is also a fan favourite for customers ordering across Click & Collect or from Costa Coffee’s delivery partners - Just Eat, Uber Eat and Deliveroo. To honour this new found love and celebrate Costa Coffee launching its biggest and coolest summer drinks range yet, Costa Coffee is gifting customers free over ice drinks from Saturday, June 18. And what better timing and a perfect way to cool down as temperatures are set to soar to 30°C across parts of the UK this week. READ MORE: Look younger: Beauty fans praise £16 ‘natural facelift’ massage roller To claim a free drink, you have to first be a registered Costa Club member. Then, on Friday June 17, members who scan the app after purchasing any drink from Costa Coffee’s current menu - via Click & Collect, in participating stores or at a Costa Express machine - will receive a voucher. That voucher entitles the member to a free over ice drink. The drink can then be redeemed the following day at a participating Costa Coffee store. DON'T MISS...Brighton’s new sky walk - what it’s like from 532ft in the air [REVIEW]Nutritionist shares common mistake that hinders weight loss [EXCLUSIVE]Best way to store bananas - perfectly yellow and edible for 15 days [HACK] As for what drinks are available, there’s plenty to choose from. Coffee lovers are able to enjoy an Iced Latte or Iced Mocha. Or for those who fancy something different, customers can choose to cool down with the new ‘tea-licious’ FuzeTea Iced Tea range. Perhaps something from the selection of refreshing Fruit Coolers including the popular Mango and Passion Fruit Cooler or scrumptious Lemonade or Strawberry Lemonade might tickle your fancy?  This offer is limited time only, and can only be redeemed across participating Costa Coffee stores from Saturday June 18 to Thursday June 23. Rebecca Brock, Commercial and Customer Director at Costa Coffee UK & Ireland, said: “We couldn’t have timed our free over ice drinks offer better, with a mini heatwave visiting the UK over the next few days. “Whether your go-to summer drink is a classic Iced Latte, a refreshing Iced Tea or maybe something a little fruiter from our range of Fruit coolers, why not enjoy a free drink on us to help cool you down.” Iced Latte Iced Cappuccino Iced Flat White Iced Mocha Cold Brew Mango & Passion Fruit Cooler Red Summer Berries Fruit Cooler Lemonade Strawberry Lemonade Peach & Hibiscus Iced Tea Strawberry & Mint Iced tea Lemon & Ginger Iced Tea (contains zinc)