Julee Cruise, the Twin Peaks theme song musician, of Iowa, died on June 9, her husband revealed in an emotional Facebook post. The singer, who is best known for her work with David Lynch, has died at the age of 65. In an emotional tribute, her husband Edward Grinnan penned on Facebook: “She left this realm on her own terms. No regrets. She is at peace. “I played her [B-52’s song] Roam during her transition. Now she will roam forever. Rest in peace, my love.” Julee was best known for her track Falling which became the theme tune of Twin Peaks. The 90s drama series was created by David and Mark Frost. READ MORE: Britney Spears' ex-husband charged after 'gatecrashing' wedding David wrote lyrics for Julee’s vocal version, which reached No 7 in the UK charts, was a hit across Europe, and topped the Australian singles chart. It was included on her debut album Floating Into the Night, released in 1989. In 2018, she described herself as Lynch's "little sister" when she was quizzed about their relationship. The singer battled the auto-immune disease Lupus. She told Pitchfork in 2017 that it had left her with the “bones of an 85-year-old woman at 33”. Tributes have since poured in for the beloved musician on social media. Electronic musician Robin Rimbaud, who performs under the name Scanner, said: "Farewell today to the magical Julee Cruise whose voice enveloped the dreamy and surreal mood of David Lynch's work in the 1980s and early 1990s, including Blue Velvet and Twin Peaks." Taking to Twitter, @Name penned: "One of my favorite scenes of all time amplified so much by Julee Cruise’s beautiful music. RIP to a legend." DON'T MISS... Kate Garraway looks regal in same dress Princess Beatrice wore on GMB[LATEST]Heidi Klum, 49, risks wardrobe malfunction as she forgoes underwear[PICTURES]Gardeners' World's Monty Don deals with 'emergency' at Longmeadow[UPDATES] @BlackCult wrote: "Julee Cruise has passed away. We lose a wonderful artist, a great woman. The voice of Twin Peaks melodies. Forever in our memory. Forever in our hearts. Rest in peace, lovely Julee." @Lazlos Ghost remarked: "David Lynch gave us the greatest and most haunting episode in the history of American broadcast TV, and Julee Cruise was the most transcendent, powerful element of all. A beautiful dream that shifts into a nightmare before our eyes and ears." @underthefan shared: "This breaks my heart. I can't imagine Twin Peaks without Julee Cruise, the voice of an angel. She will be forever missed." @LeeJameson added: "RIP Julee Cruise, truly one of a kind." Born in Iowa in 1956, Julee began her collaborations with Lynch in 1986 for his film Blue Velvet, which prominently features her Badalamenti collaboration Mysteries of Love. In 1990, she appeared as a character called The Dreamself of the Heartbroken Woman in Lynch’s avant-garde theatre production Industrial Symphony No 1, alongside Nicolas Cage and Laura Dern. Another high-profile film collaboration came in 1991, when Julee covered Elvis Presley’s Summer Kisses, Winter Tears for the soundtrack of Wim Wenders’ Until the End of the World. In 2018, she announced she had been diagnosed with lupus, and complained of chronic pain.