Chelsea are lining up a swoop for Inter Milan centre-back Milan Skriniar, who has already been the subject of an opening swap deal offer from Paris Saint-Germain, according to reports in Italy. The Blues are in the hunt for defensive reinforcements after losing Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen to Real Madrid and Barcelona respectively as they look to mark the start of an exciting new era under Todd Boehly. Jules Kounde remains Chelsea's top defensive target but talks have failed to get off the ground as of yet. It means the Blues are weighing up other options and according to Gianluca Di Marzio, Skriniar is a player of real interest. Inter Milan are currently facing financial difficulty off the field and could therefore be forced to cash in on the Slovakian international. He has already made it clear he does not want to leave this summer but Inter are beginning to push him towards the exit door. READ MORE: Chelsea 'demand' Tottenham transfer target in swap deal as two alternatives considered The same report states that PSG are the main contenders for the former Tottenham target after submitting an official swap deal proposal. PSG have offered £45m plus Julian Draxler in return for the 27-year-old but Inter are not willing to accept the proposal. It opens the door for Chelsea to pounce, providing they are ready to table a higher off than the Ligue 1 champions. Inter are said to be seeking closer to £70m for the centre-back, who has just one year remaining on his contract at the San Siro. DON'T MISSChelsea 'consider offering Ruben Loftus-Cheek' in Inter Milan swap deal proposalInter Milan 'willing to offer Chelsea two players' in Romelu Lukaku swap deal transferChelsea 'request third Inter Milan star' in Romelu Lukaku swap deal counter-offer Alessandro Bastoni is also believed to be of interest to Chelsea but he will be going nowhere this summer. Following a recent meeting between Inter and his agent Tullio Tinti, Bastoni was reassured that he would remain with his current club for the 2022/23 season and beyond. Tottenham and Manchester United had also shown strong interest in the 23-year-old Italian. Chelsea are determined to gain ground on the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool this summer, although new owner Boehly has warned supporters not to expect mass spending. DON'T MISS: Taylor's Tuesday Transfers: Tottenham's Spence bid, Everton eye Chelsea deal, Arsenal fury He told Bloomberg: “Financial Fair Play is starting to get some teeth and that will limit ability to acquire players at any price. UEFA takes it seriously and will continue to take it seriously. [More teeth] means financial penalties and disqualification from competitions. “If you look at the models that are very successful, Liverpool is a great model. Liverpool generates a couple of hundred million more revenue than Chelsea and they generate earnings, so there is an opportunity to compete.” Chelsea are expected to return to the table for Sevilla star Kounde in the coming weeks. He was the subject of a £42.5m offer from the Blues in August last year but Chelsea were unable to get a deal over the line. This time around, they hope things will be different.