Richard Madeley and Susanna Reid were joined by Conservative MP for Bassetlaw Brendan Clarke-Smith on Tuesday's instalment of Good Morning Britain. Although Prime Minister Boris Johnson won the vote of confidence, the 148 party members who voted they had no confidence in the party leader are a big cause for concern. Broadcaster Madeley wanted to know if events such as the booing of Johnson and his wife Carrie at St Paul's Cathedral during the  Queen's Platinum Jubilee led to many members of the Conservatives losing faith in their leader.   During the lengthy debate on ITV, the MP and the GMB team went back and forth on the many issues plaguing the Conservative Party, such as Partygate, the cost of living crisis and the Jubilee. Boos from spectators aimed at Johnson and his wife upon their arrival at St Paul's for the Queen's thanksgiving service have been a talking point since they happened, with many broadcasters saying they have "never" seen or heard anything like that before. Wanting to know if the Prime Minister would still stay in power after the recent confidence vote, Madeley said: "It's astonishing, isn't it! "Two years after getting such a thumping majority, doing extremely well for his party, he should be booed as he goes into St Paul's cathedral by a crowd of people who support the monarchy. Read More: 'Where's Tom Jones?' Viewers torn as Diana Ross closes Jubilee concert "Who you would assume are generally to the right?" Clarke-Smith, who spoke very fondly of his party and the PM despite the result on Monday, thought differently. He replied: "Well, they are not necessarily people who are supportive of the monarchy, I suppose. It is a very busy city. "I was in St Paul's myself. I had Tony Blair, Gordon Brown, and Sadiq Khan sat in front of me, and I don't boo people myself because I think you need to respect the occasion.   Praising the guest for his unfaltering dedication to the PM, Madeley ended: "I think the Prime Minister owes you a drink for sitting here and defending him like that because it is a sticky wicket certainly to that one, but you batted, thank you." Earlier during the interview segment, the guest divulged the plan now is to listen to the Conservative MPs who voted no confidence and to try and unite the party. Clarke-Smith said: "I have no animosity at all towards those 148 colleagues [who voted no confidence]. DON’T MISS…Sharon Osbourne brands Johnny Depp’s defamation trial ‘ugly’ after attending his concert [LATEST]Coronation Street’s Ken Barlow star addresses retirements plans ‘It’s how you feel’ [LATEST]‘Wounds are very raw’ Meghan and Harry ‘unlikely’ to return to UK in near future [LATEST]   "I think what we need to do is wrap our arms around those colleagues to understand their concerns and really unite as a party because what the public really don't like to see is politicians talking about themselves, navel-gazing and so on." This prompted co-host Reid to question if the party was looking too insular and not enough at the people voting for them. She stated: "What people want is people at the top to stick to the rules, and we know that Boris Johnson didn't stick to the rules! "He broke the law, and he was fined. We know the Chancellor didn't stick to the rules, and he broke the law and was fined."    Her list continued: "There were 16 parties that went on. How are you going to wrap your arms around all those people who didn't see dying relatives over the course of the lockdown and saw the Prime Minister break the rules?" Clarke-Smith replied: "And like anybody else, I suffered personal tragedies myself. "We all made sacrifices, but I think looking at what the Prime Minister and Chancellor were fined with, if I was to be honest, I would not be happy if I was fined for that. I thought that was..." Before letting him finish, Reid cut in: "I tell you what, anyone who is fined is not very happy about being fined. The way to avoid being fined is to not break the law!" Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.  