Yesterday, the European Parliament voted to back proposals that would ban the sale of new cars with combustion engines in 2035. Voting in Strasbourg, France, a majority of lawmakers backed the proposals to require automakers to cut carbon dioxide emissions by 100 percent by the middle of next decade. This would amount to a restriction on the sale of new cars powered by petrol or diesel. Jan Huitema, a Dutch MEP for the Renew Europe Group, celebrated the passing of the bill that he introduced to Parliament. Speaking yesterday, he said: “Great News! Today my report on CO2 standards for cars was adopted. Driving will be clean from 2035. “By stimulating innovation by car manufacturers for more and cheaper electric cars, driving becomes more sustainable and affordable for everyone.” READ MORE: EU car ban: MEPs vote to ban all petrol and diesel car sales He called on more support for electric cars across the continent, specifically the creation of a second and third-hand EV market, saying that “electric cars should be for everybody”. Reacting to the news, hundreds of Express.co.uk readers questioned the plans to introduce such legislation. One Express.co.uk commenter, under the nickname davecop62, said: “A kick in the teeth for the people of Europe and the UK. “How can they enforce a ban when there is no affordable alternative. DON'T MISSDrivers urged to use hypermiling 'tricks' to increase fuel efficiency [INSIGHT]Drivers challenged to ditch their vehicles in July to help save planet [CHALLENGE]Drivers warned of using 'not good' hypermiling techniques to save fuel [WARNING] DON'T MISSDrivers urged to use hypermiling 'tricks' to increase fuel efficiency [INSIGHT]Drivers challenged to ditch their vehicles in July to help save planet [CHALLENGE]Van shortages and record fuel prices could lead to higher costs [WARNING] “The so-called elite of this world do not like the working class having cars, holidays, homes or anything that might take their minds off the tedious lives that they live.” Another user, Justathought, commented: “The Greens win, however, they have 13 years to ensure that all UK roads and situations have plenty of vehicle charging points. “This would have to include those that live in isolated areas like Farmers and Scotland including their single track roads. “I predict that the future could be really grim for all UK & EU countries, especially those that rely on a vehicle because of their isolated location. “Just another statement/Law that has little substance.” A third commenter, Pete1951, criticised the scope of the proposals, claiming: “This is madness. “The EU bans petrol cars for no logical reason. You can be sure China and India will continue. “This may make these people feel happy but it will make pretty well zero effect on global emissions.” The proposed EU 2035 deadline would come five years after the UK Government’s own deadline. In November 2020, the Government announced that by 2030 all sales of new petrol and diesel cars would be phased out. From 2035, all new cars and vans will be fully zero emissions at the tailpipe. Between 2030 and 2035, new cars and vans can be sold if they have the capability to drive a significant distance with zero emissions, such as plug-in hybrids or full hybrids.