Andy Murray twice required medical treatment, and twice played on despite obvious discomfort, during the third set of his Stuttgart Open final against Matteo Berrettini before eventually falling to defeat. The Briton appeared to be struggling with a groin or hip issue after battling back to claim the second set in Germany. Despite Murray's typical resilience, Berrettini eventually won 6-4, 5-7, 6-3 after a two-and-a-half-hour duel. Murray first needed to call for medical attention while 4-6, 7-5, 1-0 down. He was broken to love in the first game of set three and then called the physio on to the court for several minutes of massaging. The 35-year-old Glaswegian eventually returned to his feet to play on through the problem but was evidently moving with some difficulty. And he required further assistance mid-game, at 4-6, 7-5, 4-2, as the physio took another look at his hip/groin area. The Scot had another brief massage but once more continued to play through the pain and was able to win the game to protect his serve. While struggling on serve, Murray told his box: "From the back it's fine but there's no chance I can serve properly. That's what happens when you have those big breaks." And despite a phenomenal effort, making Berrettini work hard for his victory, Murray eventually fell to defeat. The two-time Wimbledon winner was contesting his first final on grass for six years. His last on the surface came had come when he beat Milos Raonic to win his home Grand Slam for the second time back in 2016. Murray has battled a whole host of injury problems since then and British tennis fans will desperately hope he can enter this year's Wimbledon fully fit after an encouraging run in Stuttgart. The world No 68 has already confirmed his return to the ATP rankings' top 50 after this event and he could yet still be seeded for the Slam. Former world No 1 Murray claimed his first win over a top-five player for six years with the defeat of top seed Stefanos Tsitsipas in straight sets in the quarter-finals. He also needed only two sets to despatch of Nick Kyrgios in the semi-finals with the Australian losing his cool in the match and claiming he was subjected to racial slurs from the crowd. Speaking after beating Kyrgios to reach the final, a proud Murray said: "It has been a long time since the last final on grass. A lot of ups and downs, but I kept going and kept working and finally managed to get to another one. I am proud of the effort I have put in. "I was just a little more solid in the tie-break. I asked the questions. On these courts, when it is playing quick, the set often comes down to one or two points and I was a little more secure at the end of the first set." His opponent in the final Berrettini was the Stuttgart Open's second seed and also won the tournament back in 2019. The 25-year-old saw off Felix Auger-Aliassime in the final three years ago for his first ever grass title. The Italian also won Queen's last year but then lost in the Wimbledon final, his first ever final of a Slam, to Novak Djokovic. Three-time Grand Slam winner Murray had met twice Berrettini before their meeting in Stuttgart, with the pair managing one win apiece. Berrettini knocked Murray out at Queen's last year on the way to his title, winning 6-3, 6-3 in London.