The Platinum Party at the Palace is officially underway and fans have tuned in to watch the spectacular event on BBC One. The once-in-a-lifetime concert features some huge names who will be performing throughout the night to commemorate the Queen's 70 years of service. A whole host of famous faces have paid tribute to the Queen during the Jubilee celebrations, including singing sensation, Dolly Parton.  The star appeared at the start of a montage of heartfelt messages to the monarch, saying: "I want to congratulate you on your Platinum Jubilee and your 70th year as monarch. "I just wanted to say thank you for being wonderful, you are more than pearls and you are more than platinum. "You have been a shining diamond in this world for so long and everybody loves you. And I will always love you too." Sir Barry Gibb proceeded to honour the Queen, saying he felt "very close" to the royal family. READ MORE: Prince George in stitches with his dad William as he attends concert  He said: "70 years on the throne is pretty overwhelming and it's my pleasure to congratulate you." Singer Michael Buble also sent his love, with former Spice Girl Geri Horner branding the Queen "kind", "loving" and "strong". She added: "Always putting others before yourself, you are truly inspirational, beautiful, inside and out. We thank you." Queen and Adam Lambert proceeded to kick off the concert with a medley of Queen classics.   Although the Queen could not attend the event in person, she managed to make a surprise appearance as part of a skit with none other than Paddington Bear. Before the band took to the big stage, the 96-year-old monarch was seen sitting at a table having afternoon tea with Paddington. Together, they used their spoons to tap out a tune from one of Queen's songs and fans were amazed at her involvement. They took to Twitter to comment on the "adorable" sketch, with many saying it made them "proud to be British". DON'T MISS... Queen: Adam Lambert heartfelt declaration about 'replacing' Freddie Camilla beams as William and Charles gear up for Queen tribute Why Freddie Mercury didn't want to meet Charles and Diana at Live Aid The official lineup for tonight's show is as follows:  There has been some backlash to the line-up this year, with some fans asking where the British "greats" were. @RtHonTwatness said: "#PlatinumPartyatthePalace What a s***e, tame line-up!! Where are Page and Plant, Clapton, Stones, Tull, Deep Purple, Who and all the other greats ??.... Utter middle of the road c**p!!" [Sic] @sarahblue_4 joked: "#PlatinumPartyAtThePalace. The current acts are making me feel very old. "Have a sneaking suspicion Her Majesty might be out the back with earplugs and a cocoa. Oh Elbow…that’s more like it!" [Sic]