Martin Compston, 38, has spoken up about claims he was caught singing a pro-IRA song at a Celtic fan convention. The actor is a regular visitor to Northern Ireland, where Line of Duty was filmed.  He issued a statement strongly denying suggestions he was singing sectarian lyrics after a video emerged of him online.  Martin had allegedly been a guest at a North American Celtic Supporters Federation event in Las Vegas on Wednesday.  Alongside fellow actor Gianna Capaldi and ex-Celtic footballers Alan Thomspon and Bobby Peta, it was claimed he was singing a pro-IRA chant.  A clip appears to show the four men on stage. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman, 61, stuns in very tight-fitting green jumpsuit The audience could be heard singing Daniel Boone’s 1972 song, Beautiful Sunday. It was alongside what sounds like some of the lyrics changed. The audience reportedly sang: “Irish Republican Army. It’s the I-I-I-IRA”. In a statement to The Sun, Martin denied he was singing any IRA lyrics.  He added he should not be blamed for other people changing the words.  Martin said: “To be absolutely clear, I 100 percent did not sing any IRA lyrics.  “You will see from the footage, I actually pulled up and told others to stop when the words were being changed.”  The actor explained he had spent the last five years of his life working in Belfast and had seen how people’s lives had been changed by sectarianism. DON'T MISS... 'With a heavy heart' Monty Don inundated with support over decision [UPDATE]Amanda Holden, 51, lets fans into bedroom moment [PICTURES] Penny Lancaster stuns as she bids sweet farewell to Rod Stewart [INSIGHT] Martin added: “I’ve spent the last five years or my life working in Belfast. "I’ve seen how people’s lives have been affected by sectarianism. “I don’t take that lightly. "If people want to change lyrics to a famous song I cannot police them, despite my best efforts.” He concluded that he was simply singing along to Daniel Boones’ Beautiful Sunday which is played at Celtic Park after every game. Prior to his denial, Martin was criticised on social media. Bayernbru wrote: "Is this really the best look for@socceraid? @martin_compston singing a song that glorifies the IRA?" And Darren added: "Martin Compston banging on about saving kids life’s on Sunday at Soccer Aid then days later he is singing about and glorifying a terrorist organisation that killed innocent children."