From Spain to France, some countries have decided to keep their travel rules for longer than Britain. Where will Britons need to follow entry rules in Europe this summer? Britons travelling to Spain for a holiday will need to show proof of vaccination, a negative test result or a Covid recovery certificate. To count as fully vaccinated in Spain, Britons will need to have had their second or final jab less than 270 days ago or have a booster. The booster jab doesn’t have an expiry date in Spain currently. Unvaccinated Britons must take a PCR test within 72 hours of travel or an antigen test within 24 hours of travel. A Covid recovery certificate must be from within the last six months. Children under the age of 12 do not need to show proof of being fully vaccinated. READ MORE: Ryanair cabin crew set to strike on these six dates in June and July Fully vaccinated Britons need to show proof of vaccination to travel to France, which will accept the UK’s Covid certificate. If Britons had a second jab more than nine months ago, they will need a booster to count as fully vaccinated in France. Unvaccinated Britons aged 12 or over will need to take a PCR test within 72 hours of travel or an antigen test within 48 hours of travel. All children under 12 are exempt from France’s Covid rules. Britons could be asked to fill out a passenger locator form before boarding. Fully vaccinated Britons can travel to Portugal with proof of vaccination and Portugal will accept the UK certificate. Britons will need a booster jab if their second jab was more than 270 days ago to count as fully vaccinated. Unvaccinated Britons will take a PCR test within 72 hours of travel or a lateral flow test within 24 hours of travel. Travel tests for Portugal must be carried out by a healthcare professional and self-administered tests will not be accepted. All Britons travelling to Malta must show proof of vaccination or a negative test result if they are unvaccinated. Unvaccinated travellers must take a PCR test 72 hours before travel or an antigen test 24 hours before travel. Britons will need a booster jab to travel to Malta without taking a test if their second jab was more than 270 days ago. Children under 12 are exempt from showing a vaccination certificate or Covid test result. Italy, Greece, Turkey, Austria, Switzerland and Germany have all dropped their travel restrictions and Britons can enter without proof of vaccination or a negative test. Currently, British tourists will still need to wear an FFP2 mask if they are flying to Italy and in some areas in the country. Britons do not need to take a test or fill out a form when they return to the UK, regardless of their vaccination status. Tourists should check travel restrictions before their holiday as rules can change rapidly and with little warning.