Arsenal have received a transfer proposal from Marseille for William Saliba as the French club look to re-sign the France international defender on a permanent deal, according to reports from the player's homeland. The Gunners are facing a crunch decision regarding the centre-back's future after their call to send him on loan to Marseille was scrutinised last season. Saliba enjoyed an excellent campaign to bolster his chances of making France's squad for the World Cup in Qatar. Mikel Arteta has already made it clear he intends to keep Saliba next season but that hasn't stopped Marseille from throwing their hat into the ring. According to French outlet Foot Mercato, the Ligue 1 runners-up are now trying to land the 21-year-old on a permanent basis. However, Arsenal have told them that they are not interested in a sale, which would suggest Saliba will be staying put. READ MORE: Man Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinations  Gunners boss Arteta has already shown his commitment to Saliba, saying: "You will see in the summer, the possible replacement. "William is our player for sure and that's the decision we're going to be taking soon. "When we finish the season we will sit down and discuss the roles of every member in our squad and how they can fulfil that role. "He is our player so he'll be back here for sure. After that, we will make a decision based on an agreement of the role each player is going to have in our squad." DON'T MISSLeeds 'identify Arsenal target' as Raphinha replacement as Tottenham ready opening bidMan Utd and Arsenal have chance to sign budget-friendly back-up Premier League strikerLeeds 'receive mystery £60m Raphinha bid' from English club as Arsenal and Spurs circle Marseille are also interested in signing Nuno Tavares on loan from Arsenal, who would favour a straight loan with no option to buy. They recently told Atalanta it would cost them £35m to sign the Portuguese full-back permanently, a figure that scared the Italian club off. Arsenal are yet to decide whether they would loan Tavares this summer and there is plenty of interest in the young full-back. Real Sociedad are also keen on striking a deal for the £8m signing from Benfica, who arrived last summer. DON'T MISS: Taylor's Transfers - Liverpool clause boost, Arsenal priority deals, Armando Broja view on West Ham offer In terms of incomings, Arsenal are still trying to close a deal for Gabriel Jesus with Manchester City. Talks are now edging in the right direction with Arsenal seemingly close to an agreement. An opening offer for Raphinha was rejected by Leeds on Tuesday, while Tottenham are also in contention for the Brazilian. Arsenal are also continuing to work on a deal for Ajax defender Lisandro Martinez, who is not for sale in the view of the Dutch giants.