The Duke of Cambridge has been joined by his three children in a smiley and adorable snap to mark Father’s Day on Sunday. Sharing the news on BBC Breakfast, Ben Thompson and Nina Warhurst beamed over the royal snap and how cute Prince Louis and Prince George look alongside their sister Princess Charlotte. And while their mother the Duchess of Cambridge was nowhere to be seen, Ben was convinced he spotted a clue that proved her presence was well-felt. “The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have released a new family photo to mark Father’s Day,” Ben began on Sunday morning. Nina then weighed in to share the snap with BBC viewers: "Have a look at this, gorgeous, isn’t it? "It shows Prince William with his children,” she continued. “Prince George there you can see to his left. “Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis on the head, looking a bit cheeky.” READ MORE: ‘Waiting for an answer!’ Naga Munchetty hits out at Matt Tebbutt Delving into some details about the snap, Nina went on: “It was taken when they were in Jordan in autumn of last year. “Posting it on Twitter, the Duke and Duchess wished everyone a Happy Father’s Day to the world’s fathers and grandfathers.” But given Catherine is absent from the photo, Nina pondered whether she actually took the snap. “I wonder if the Duchess took it because she’s a keen photographer, isn’t she?” Nina asked. Convinced Kate remained involved in the photo, Ben weighed in with what he thought was a key clue to show the Duchess was as involved as ever. “Yeah, I think to get those sort of smiles and laughs, it’s gotta be her behind the camera,” he pointed out. “I love Louis holding onto the ears as well,” Ben added. And Nina shared her thoughts alongside a joke, saying to her co-star: “Lovely, I wish I was that good… on my iPhone 6.” DON'T MISS:James Martin refuses to cook dish as he shares concern 'Allergic!'‘Doesn’t seem right’ Naga makes Mercedes dig over ‘disaster’ car Naga Munchetty forced to step in after BBC sound issues “Other phones are available,” Ben quipped to which Nina sharply replied: “Much better phones as well.” The photo was first shared onto the @kensingtonroyal Twitter account in the early hours of Sunday morning. The Duke and Duchess tweeted: “Wishing a Happy Father’s Day to fathers and grandfathers across the world today!” And a number of fans shared their reactions to the photo, including @Kayleigh_56 who said: “Beautiful children & ‘lil Louis’ is so cute. “Refreshing how you’ve all became less stuffy, moved 4ward & became more engaged with the public. I think it’s fair to say we have your mother..Diana, Princess of Wales to thank for that? She may be gone but not forgotten.” User @Rose25733247 agreed: “Happy Father's day to the Duke of Cambridge Prince William, a lovely good father, no doubt he had an excellent model to mirror from his own father, Prince Charles to whom deserves this same greeting.” And @Pooja33719735 echoed: “Absolutely love this new photo of Prince William with Prince George, Princess Charlotte & Prince Louis - thank you for sharing this! Wishing Prince William and all fathers/grandfathers out there a very Happy Father’s Day - hope it’s a good one!” While Chris Downton praised: “You are an amazing Dad yourself and we wish you the same. Be safe and look after your wonderful family.” (sic) BBC Breakfast airs daily at 6am on BBC One.