Mike Tindall revealed the “secret lunch” in his first appearance on The Good, The Bad and The Rugby podcast. The husband of Zara Tindall said the meal was one of his ‘highlights’ of the Platinum Jubilee.  The ex-rugby star, 43, told how “the cousins” who watched the event from the Major General’s Office overlooking Horse Guards Parade went for lunch after the display was finished. But it appeared the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were not present at the meal, despite watching the event with the Tindalls. It is believed Prince William and Harry did not meet privately during the four-day Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Meghan and Harry held a birthday party for Lilibet on Saturday, where the Queen met the Duke and Duchess’ daughter for the first time, despite asking for no pictures to be taken documenting the moment. READ MORE: Royal Family: Queen's two-word response to Meghan and Harry  But the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were unable to attend the event due to a prior commitment. William and Kate were scheduled to be in Wales on the day as part of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations, where they were said to be meeting performers taking part in a concert at Cardiff Castle. The pair are also believed to have met with Prince Charles and Camilla behind closed doors. When speaking of the Jubilee on the podcast, Mike Tindall said: “It was outstanding, to be fair. It was just great to be a part of.” DON'T MISS: Cockle wars! King's Lynn fisherman banned from centuries-old work  [INSIGHT]'F**k off!' Tory MP erupts at unrepentant anti-Brexit campaigner [PICTURES]Britons face fresh travel hell as THREE more rail operators announc [ANALYSIS] He added: “We had a good cousins’ lunch on the Thursday. That was a highlight.” The venue of the secret lunch has not yet been revealed, although one in March attended by the Tindalls, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie alongside their husbands Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi and Jack Brooksbank was held at the exclusive Scott’s restaurant in Mayfair. He also revealed there were celebratory drinks at the Palace after the Platinum Jubilee celebrations to mark the Queen’s 70 years on the throne. Speaking on the podcast about the younger royals, including Prince Louis and his two daughters Mia and Lena, he said: “It's tough for them. They're all young."  Mike continued: "It's a long time. But as any parent knows, you just do whatever needs to be done. “Louis, he was just wanting to have fun. "And my two are always mischievous so it's trying to keep a lid on. "There were a lot of sweets out back though, so there was a real sugar high”.