Iga Swiatek was in the mood to entertain reporters after easing through her first round match at Wimbledon. The women's world No 1 wasted little time in overcoming Croatian player Jana Fett 6-0 6-3 on Centre Court, opening up the day's place in SW19's showpiece arena before Rafael Nadal's match there against Francisco Cerúndolo. In her post-match press conference, the Polish star, who like Nadal is targeting a second straight Grand Slam win after triumphing at Roland Garros, was asked how she felt about opening up on Centre Court ahead of her 'idol'. Referring to the fact her media duties were preventing her from watching his match, she replied: "That's true. Let's make it quick," promting an outburst of laughter. The retirement of defending champion Ash Barty earlier this year essentially elevated Swiatek to the role of star billing in the women's tournament, and speaking in a more serious tone, she expressed her gratitude to organisers: "Basically it's a huge privilege that I was chosen as the one who is going to be opening," she said. "It wasn't obvious because obviously Ash would be opening if she was here. There are many great champions in the draw. I just felt, like, it's an honour, you know. I'm pretty happy it was a good match from me and a good performance for sure." JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios hits out at 'rowdy' Wimbledon fan and shares Andy Murray locker room chat But it wasn't just the performance that was significant. The win represented a 36th in a row for Swiatek, breaking the 21st century record shared by the iconic sibling duo of Venus and Serena Williams. But the two-time Grand Slam winner wasn't about to let the feat go to her head. "Not really because still when I see Serena or see Venus, they seem like, I don't know, the legends," she said, when asked about if she felt she belonged in the same category as the pair. "I don't consider myself a legend. They seem like the ones, they're the greatest of all time in tennis. So not really. DON'T MISS:'What a muppet' - Nick Kyrgios torn apart over constant ranting in Wimbledon clashWimbledon Covid chaos deepens as Rafael Nadal picture emerges after two stars withdrawNick Kyrgios rants about 'racial slurs' as tempers flare in Wimbledon match vs Paul Jubb "But it's amazing for me to have that kind of streak. It just shows how much work we've been putting for every match. I'm pretty happy that I could show consistency because it was always my goal." Later on Monday, Serena herself will grace centre court when she faces French player Harmony Tan. It will be the American's first match since retiring from her opening match at Wimbledon last year due to injury.