The Queen's Jubilee celebrations will begin on Thursday May 2. But meteorologist Jim Dale described the weather conditions as being a "real threat to proceedings", adding that the weekend is likely to be an "absolute write off". While the weather will be drier and warmer on Thursday and Friday, by Saturday and Sunday the UK will see rain and "colder" temperatures, reaching as low as 11C on Sunday. Weather forecaster WXCharts has forecast maximum temperatures of 19C on Friday in the south and 16C in Scotland and the North. But by Sunday, the forecaster has predicted highs of 12C in the south. However, the north will stay warmer with highs of 17C. WXCharts has forecast up to 57mm of rain in London by Sunday. Up to 37mm will fall in the midlands, while as much as 17mm will fall in Scotland. Mr Dale, senior meteorologist at British Weather Services, told Express.co.uk: "The opening day being Thursday will be not too bad a day - it's one of the better days of the four. "By Friday, there are showers around. Not everywhere, it's still an okay day, reasonably warm. "The western half of the country - Wales, Northern Ireland, maybe down to the southwest - is where you're going to see showers. READ MORE: UK storm forecast: Hail, thunder and downpours to batter Britain "Saturday, it starts off with showers in southern counties. "They tend to die away as the day goes on but late in the day, a plume comes out of France crossing the channel into all southern counties of England. "Some of that could well be thundery, at least it might well be heavy. "There is a deterioration in southern England later on Saturday. DON'T MISS: BBC Weather: Carol Kirkwood warns over heavy rain 'Quite a deluge!' [REPORT] Platinum Jubilee weather maps: bank holiday forecast in your area [ANALYSIS] UK weather: Jubilee weekend set for near-freezing temperatures [INSIGHT] "And then for the biggest day on Sunday, if what I'm looking at comes off, it's an absolute write off. "I'm talking heavy, potentially thunder and sustained rain for many southern counties into the Midlands. "A big prong of heavy showery thundery rain is running right through Wales, the Midlands, East Anglia, all of these sort of places, so it's a real tester, a real difficulty. "With that, comes colder temperatures - it could well be that on Sunday you're only looking at 13C, 14C in the south of England, maybe even a bit lower than that in the rain - 11C, 12C. It's poor. "The warmer weather, the better weather, will be for the Northern Ireland, northern England and Scotland basically." He added: "It really is your worst possible scenario for certain parts of the country. "There is a real threat to proceedings in a true sense of the word, particularly for Sunday, but for later on Saturday as well in the south. "So it's going downhill and it doesn't start off great elsewhere with the showers in the west. So we're dodging bullets. "If it plays out, it's a washout." But he caveated: "It is still early days and it still could turn."