Earlier this month, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex arrived in the UK for the four-day Platinum Jubilee celebrations, which began on June 2. The couple kept their UK visit short as the pair, along with their two children, headed home to the US before the celebrations officially ended. During their trip, the couple decided against attending a Palace lunch. Speaking on Royally Us, hosts Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross discussed the Sussexes' decision to "keep a low profile". Ms Garibaldi said: "I know a source told Us Weekly that Harry and Meghan could've gone to the Party at the Palace, but [they] decided to keep a low profile on Lilibet's birthday and celebrate in private." Asking Ms Ross, Christina said: "Do you feel like they chose to take a back seat and let the Queen shine on this weekend and not make themselves the headline." Ms Ross replied: "Yes, I think so. "I think that's really what we saw here was them laying low, taking a back seat, because it avoids any...if we don't see them there's no story to tell, whether it's good or bad. READ MORE: Andrew breaks cover! Duke seen fuming hours after being BLOCKED from big royal event "If we don't see them, we know the story stays on the Queen and on the, you know, what really matters in this weekend." Ms Ross also made a point about Meghan's outfit choice of "neutral beige tone" for the Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. She compared the outfit to a previous bright green outfit worn by Meghan and stated that the Jubilee choice was "not a look at me ensemble". Ms Ross added: "I think there was a lot of planning here to make sure that the Queen was the star of the show." READ MORE: 'Second Row Harry' Prince Harry brutally mocked in Santa Barbara after Jubilee trip The visit marked the couple's first official UK return. Since their royal exit in 2020, the only other time that the couple have stepped foot on UK soil together was during a pitstop to visit the Queen in April. Before travelling to The Netherlands for the Invictus Games, the couple met with the Queen and, accordingly to Prince Harry, the pair had tea with the 96-year-old. DON'T MISS For the Jubilee celebrations, the couple returned with their two young children, three-year-old son Archie and daughter Lilibet, who celebrated her first birthday during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. During the visit, the Queen was able to meet her namesake great-granddaughter for the first time. The Queen also got to see Harry and Meghan's son Archie for the first time since 2020.