The special Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend is finally upon us, and the four day weekend is due to see a whole host of special events to celebrate the Queen’s historic 70-year reign. From street parties and beacons to pageants and a live concert at Buckingham Palace, Britons won’t be short of things to watch. But a particular highlight for many will be the RAF flypast. The RAF flypast is scheduled to nicely round off the Queen’s Trooping the Colour birthday parade today, June 2. The flypast will see 70 military aircraft including the Red Arrows, a Lancaster Bomber, Supermarine Spitfires, and Hawker Hurricanes swoop across London, promising a spectacular performance for those in view. The iconic show is due to fly over from the North Sea, taking in parts of Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex and Kent on its way through to London. But where are the best places to watch the flypast?  READ MORE: How to watch Queen's Jubilee flyovers 2022 -Full bank holiday schedule  Starting from 11.45am, the planes will gather in the vicinity of The Wash, before passing over the North Sea and Southwold, to then head on to Suffolk and Southend. The flypast will then route from the hold through Swaffham, Thetford and Colchester towards London to overfly Buckingham Palace for around 12.40pm. The dispersal will occur from around 1.15 to 1.30pm, from the south and west of the London Control Zone to head over Kent, Surrey, Berkshire, Buckinghamshire, Oxfordshire, Gloucestershire, and Wiltshire. The flypast route is split into areas A to I, with London sitting in areas E and F, which covers nearly the entire capital with area F taking in parts of South London such as Mitcham and Croydon, as well as Surrey.  However, a few hotspots to see the flypast in each area - approximately - are as follows: A few hotspots are due to include: A few hotspots are due to include:  A few hotspots are due to include: A few hotspots are due to include:  A few hotspots are due to include: A few hotspots are due to include:  A few hotspots are due to include: A few hotspots are due to include: A few hotspots are due to include: 