Actor and retired Navy SEAL Tyler Grey hasn’t been seen in his role as Trent Sawyer since halfway through the fifth season, which made the jump to Paramount+ last year. Now David Boreanaz and the rest of the cast are heading back to start filming the sixth season of SEAL Team, it’s still unclear if Tyler will be returning to the hit military drama after his break. Discussions from real-life veterans have fueled the theory there is no chance of a return for Trent star Tyler Grey. Actor Tyler was himself forced to retire from the service over 15 years ago after receiving a medical discharge for an injury sustained to his arm. In the series, Trent bowed out in the middle of season five last year and hasn’t been seen since. US Army veterans Evan Hafer and Mike Glover recently discussed Tyler’s departure on the Cleared Hot Podcast. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jacob Gallagher's linked to Nicola King's attacker “He’s not doing the Navy SEAL thing anymore, somebody told me,” Mike claimed. “He is!” Evan chimed in, to which Mike insisted: “No, no, no. He’s not.” Mike claimed he had received the news of his exit after meeting with ex-Navy SEAL and author Jack Carr. He recalled: “I was like, ‘Where’s Tyler?’ And he’s like, ‘He’s doing something else’.” SEAL Team fans have since tuned into the podcast and caught on to the fact Tyler has since supposedly started making other plans away from the series. Reddit user TheRussFromOz posted: “I was just watching/listening to a podcast with real life veterans whom know Tyler and they bring up the show with one unwittingly dropping a possible spoiler.” At the end of the latest season, Jason Hayes (David Boreanaz), Clay Spenser (Max Thieriot) and the rest of the team are ambushed during a mission in Mali, with many sustaining potentially life-threatening injuries. While other fans were quick to point out Trent wasn’t actually part of this particular raid, Mike and Evan’s comments have apparently confirmed Tyler won’t be coming back to the show any time soon. DON'T MISS:Simon Cowell covers his eyes as act balances neck on sword [VIDEO]NCIS’ Pauley Perrette thrills fans with co-star reunion [LATEST]Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly teases big change to Beth [INTERVIEW] “Trent (Tyler) had already left the team several episodes prior to go have surgery and rehab injuries,” KanersButler replied. “I’m pretty sure he wasn’t on the OP when they got ambushed.” However, AlternativeAdvice916 explained: “Only Brock and Clay and Jason and Sonny and Ray were in season 5 ambushed cliffhanger. “Tyler will be back in season six as Trent he had confirmed on his own Instagram account,” they then claimed. The former SEAL and actor addressed the new season when the Paramount drama was renewed back in February of this year. “Wow season six. Thanks to the fans who have supported the show and made it number 1 on @paramountplus!” he wrote. “There is a great team behind the scenes that make the show what it is and I am so happy that the team is coming together for another season!” Although Tyler didn’t directly confirm he would be part of the cast, his acknowledgement of SEAL Team’s sixth season could put a stop to the rumours of his permanent departure. SEAL Team season 6 will premiere on Paramount+ in the USA later this year. Season 5 continues Wednesdays on Sky Max and NOW in the UK.