There is no quick fix for growing muscles in the gym, it's a process that takes time. Similarly with burning fat. And finding the time to fit in multiple workouts per week can be hard to sustain, especially with a family or hectic work commitments. But experts at Barbend have found that by doing a pretty extensive workout routine once per week, people can do both. Eric Bugera a personal trainer at Barbend, has put together a comprehensive workout plan using just dumbbells and body weight that hits every muscle group in just one session. He laid out his one-day-a-week workout plan, which includes high-intensity exercises that burn fat and build muscle all at once. Muscles used: Chest, shoulders, triceps. The incline dumbbell press is a great compound exercise for targeting your upper chest (pectoralis major), the front of your shoulders (anterior deltoids) as well as your triceps at the back of your arms. To do this exercise, set up a workout bench to about 30 or 45 degrees and sit down holding the dumbbells upright on each of your thighs. Lay down and hold the dumbbells shoulder-width apart over your chest with a slight bend in your elbows. Slowly control the weights down to your chest and extend your elbows to bring the weights back up to the top to perform a full rep. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Muscles used: Legs, bum, calves, abs, back The goblet squat provides great bang for your buck, as it hits multiple muscle groups in one movement, including your quads, hamstrings, glutes (bum), and the stabilising muscles in your back and abs. To perform the exercise, stand with your feet shoulder-width apart and your toes pointed straight ahead and hold a dumbbell close to your chest. Keeping your back flat and hips back, bend your knees so that your bottom goes just below your knees. Use your bum and legs to push back up to a standing position to complete a full rep. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Muscles used: Back, biceps, abs. The pull-up relies entirely on using your own body weight as the form of resistance and engages your back (latissimus dorsi), biceps and core. To do a pull-up, start by standing below the pull-up bar and with your palms facing away from you, place your hands slightly wider than shoulder-width apart on the bar. Lift your feet off the floor so that you are handing from the bar, pull your shoulders back and down and pull yourself up so your chin comes over the bar. Then control yourself back down to the original hanging position. For beginners, hanging a resistance band from the bar and looping your feet through it, will reduce some of the resistance and make the exercise easier to do if you are struggling. Muscles used: Bum, legs, lower back, calves The deadlift is a staple compound exercise in weightlifting that can often be quite intimidating for beginners as it typically requires a barbell and proper form. However, using dumbbells can be a much safer and easier way to master the technique while still working your hamstrings, quads, glutes, and core. To perform the dumbbell deadlift, hold a dumbbell in each hand with your legs slightly wider than shoulder-width apart. While keeping your hips back and chest up, bend your knees with your back flat and lower the dumbbells over your shins stopping just before touching the floor. Return to a standing position, making sure to squeeze your glutes throughout the movement for a full rep. Muscles used: Shoulders, triceps, upper back, upper chest, abs The dumbbell overhead press works a plethora of muscles, with a focus on the three main heads of the shoulders (the posterior, medial and anterior deltoids) as well as hitting your triceps, upper back, shoulders and core. To perform the overhead press, safely bend down and pick up a pair of dumbbells, one in each hand. Bend your elbows so that you are bringing the weights up to your body and tuck your elbows into your body with your palms facing each other holding the dumbbells. Push the weights up so they are above your head and then control these down to the starting position for a full rep.