Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams insisted that Prince William and Kate's future was "assured". Mr Fitzwilliams admitted it had been a difficult time for the Royal Family, branding Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's Oprah Winfrey interview "destructive" and highlighting the scandal over Prince Andrew. But the royal expert said the spectacular celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee will have given the Royal Family a "boost". Mr Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk: "It has been a very tough period for the monarchy. "The Jubilee was a triumph, but no one can deny that Andrew was a disaster and as far as the Sussexes were concerned that was serious. "The Jubilee celebrations will definitely have given the royals a boost." Mr Fitzwilliams also rejected claims by royal biographer Omid Scobie that the prospect of the Royal Family without the Queen looks "dull". He said: "You simply have to look at the fact that the Cambridges are the world's most glamorous royal couple, there's fascination with them nationally and internationally. They've never put a foot wrong. "There was a glitch in the Caribbean but that was in the organisation. "But nonetheless you've really got a couple who are doing so well for charity, who know what their roles are, who interact well with each other and this comes across. So that was ridiculous." READ MORE: Queen taking Harry's titles was Meghan's 'most painful' moment  The royal expert said the Royal Family would continue to evolve when heir Charles and William, who is second in line, take to the throne. He said: "From the royal walkabouts in the 1970s to the abolition very belatedly of primogeniture which gives the male child precedence. "The Windsors always reinvent themselves, they always change. DON'T MISSKate holds secret talks with polling chief after Meghan poll battering [INSIGHT]Have Your Say: Should Harry and Meghan visit the UK more? [COMMENT]Prince William stuns as future King spotted selling Big Issue [PICTURE] "What you've really got is a monarchy that is very much part of Britain's DNA, there is huge support. "And there's also fascination worldwide and that helps Britain. The Cambridges' future is absolutely assured." Mr Fitzwilliam's comments come after a YouGov poll ahead of the Jubilee weekend showed support among Britons for keeping the monarchy was at 62 percent, down 11 points compared to a decade ago. The survey also showed younger people were split on replacing the Royal Family with an elected head of state. But the royal expert said: "The Jubilee will have made a considerable impression. Oprah was most destructive and this was proof of it." Meanwhile, an Ipsos Mori poll last month found 68 percent of Brits back sticking with the monarchy.