John McEnroe has warned teenage sensation Carlos Alcaraz of a “problem” he will have to face going forward after his French Open quarter-final defeat to Alexander Zverev. The 19-year-old was in fine form before competing in Paris but crashed out after a four-set defeat to the German. Speaking after Alcaraz’s defeat, McEnroe told Eurosport: “It was the first time in a while he looked his age, the first time for a while he looked like he was 19. “He didn't seem exactly to know what to do with Zverev. He battled, he showed a lot of heart, his game was picking up but that was a big deficit that he tried to overcome. “In truth, Zverev should have won in three sets because Alcatraz wasn't really on his game. But let’s credit Sasha, a lot of it had to do with him and what he was bringing to the table. This is why to me it's going to be a problem for Carlos down the road since he is going to play a lot of these big guys who win a lot of free points and that puts pressure on you.” In his first-ever French Open quarter-final, the Spanish teenager lost in three hours and 18 minutes and Zverev will now go on to face Rafael Nadal in the semi-finals, after the 13-time Roland-Garros winner defeated Novak Djokovic as the two played out a thriller that lasted over four hours. McEnroe believes that playing against a player with such hype around him in Alcaraz was very beneficial for Zverev. He said: “I tell you the best thing that happened to Zverev was Carlos Alcaraz, because it took a lot of the pressure off. “I mean, who are we talking about? We're talking about Nadal because he just pulled off this amazing when in Australia. We're talking about Djokovic because he got deported out of Australia. We're talking about Tsitsipas because he was on the bottom part of the draw. We talked about Alcaraz. “Was anyone really talking about Zverev that he was going to come through? So I think that really helped them and then when he had the point to prove he could step up and do it.” Despite his defeat in France, Alcaraz is confident of winning a Grand Slam as he fired a warning to his rivals ahead of Wimbledon. He said: “I would say I'm not far away from reaching a semi-final or being able to win a Grand Slam. I would say I have the level, I have the confidence to win a Grand Slam or reach the semi-finals next time. I have to take the lessons [from] today. It was a tough match and close match.”