Yellowstone continues to be one of The Paramount Network's biggest success stories over in the US. The show stars Kevin Costner as patriarch John Dutton, who is keen to protect his beloved ranch from a number of threats. The series will soon be available to watch in the UK and Express.co.uk has all you need to know. Yellowstone season five is just around the corner with new episodes due to air in the US on November 13. The series has kept viewers on the edge of their seats as they rally behind John Dutton as he protects his family. Fans in the UK have not been able to watch the much-loved show, until now. Thanks to the launch of Paramount Plus in the UK, the first three seasons will be available to stream. The new platform launches on June 22 and here are all the details. READ MORE: Andrew Neil claims GB News could have 'killed me' Paramount Plus is a global digital subscription streaming service from Paramount. Viewers in the UK can access the platform via the Paramount Plus app, and the ad-free service costs £6.99 per month. There is also an option to pay a yearly subscription fee of £69.90. Fans will be pleased to hear there is also a seven-day free trial available. Besides the app, the platform will also launch on Sky, with Sky Cinema subscribers gaining access at no extra cost. Series dropping on the UK streaming service include Halo, The First Lady, The Offer, Mayor of Kingstown, Yellowstone, 1883, Yellowjackets and Star Trek: Strange New Worlds. When it comes to Yellowstone, a total of 29 episodes will be available to stream. Seasons one to three will be made available from the launch date, with a season four release date yet to be announced. The Dutton family controls one of the largest ranches in the country, which is under constant threat from land developers. The generational family saga "depicts the best and worst of mankind", the network says. DON'T MISS... Yellowstone season 5: Kelly Reilly teases Beth’s downfall [INTERVIEW] Yellowstone season 5: Could Malcolm Beck return after star drops hint? [THEORY] Yellowstone 1923: Prequel series undergoes title change [INSIGHT] The Paramount Plus service will be available on various devices, including Apple, Amazon, Google, Roku, and Samsung TVs. With so many hit shows and films on offer, this is certainly something to be excited about. Besides Yellowstone, viewers will also have access to the spin-off prequel, 1883. The whole first season, containing 11 episodes, will drop at the same time and it tells the origin story of the original series. Yellowstone and 1883 have been created by Taylor Sheridan, who is still in awe of the show's success. Explaining the key to creating a hit show, he told Variety: "For me, a sense of place is so incredibly important. “When I wrote ‘Yellowstone,’ I went to Montana. Now, I lived up in that area for many, many years, so I knew it very well.” Yellowstone season five will be the biggest yet, with Paramount splitting the 14 episodes into two seven-episode instalments.  Yellowstone season 5 will air on The Paramount Network in the US on November 13. The series is available to watch in the UK via Paramount Plus from June 22.