EastEnders actress Emma Barton revealed how she unexpectedly landed the role of Honey Mitchell back in 2005. The 44-year-old candidly spoke about her big TV break during a conversation with presenter Kate Thornton on her White Wine Question Time podcast. Speaking about her early acting career when she was in her mid-twenties, Emma revealed she was dropped by her agent as they found out she had “sought new representation” after another agency accidentally sent her headshots to him. She explained: “It was awful. I just got this phone call saying, ‘you’ve been to seek new representation and I know about it so we’re going to have to say goodbye to you now. “So, I was like, ‘Oh my God, I didn’t mean it! “I just wanted to see what was out there. You know, you have to push yourself.” Although she begged for forgiveness, Emma was not able to resume her contract with her agent. However, Emma refused to give up and phone the other agent to prevent the mistake from happening again to somebody else. She said: “I phoned this other agent to say what has happened. “Just to say, ‘Please, don’t do that again to somebody else because it’s devastating. “I have now lost my agent because that paperwork has been sent to the wrong address.” Emma continued: “So, I think they had a temp in the office at that time and that’s how it happened. “So he said, ‘I’ll tell you what, I’ll take you on’.” The actress concluded: “He then did take me on and the first audition I got was for Honey Mitchell. And then I got the job!” READ MORE...Jennie Bond, 71, leaves fans stunned with unexpected bikini snap [LATEST]Piers Morgan reacts as ‘Aunty Meghan’ tweet sparks 'woke fan' fury [UPDATE]Gorka Marquez supported by Gemma Atkinson as injury forces show exit [INSIGHT] Since her big TV break, Emma has gone on to appear in Spooks and a series of on stage plays, including Grease. She also competed in the seventeenth series of Strictly Come Dancing back in 2019. The soap star was paired with professional dancer Anton du Beke. Following her time on the hit BBC show, Emma admitted she felt "like the nana" due to the age gap between her and her Strictly live tour partner Graziano Di Prima, after competing with Anton Du Beke, who is 11 years her senior. Speaking of the differences she noticed between dancing with Anton, 53, and Graziano, 25, Emma told Express.co.uk at the time: “I’m a lot older than Graz so I feel like the nana, but I’m just very fortunate. “Not many of the girls here have got to dance with two brilliant dancers,” Emma added. Opening up about working with Graziano, Emma continued: “It’s wonderful, I just feel like a very lucky lady. I’ve had the King of Ballroom and now I’ve got this talented Italian and I’m learning so much from him. “We’ve got a little bit of Latin going on in one of the group numbers and this one [pointing to Graziano] is so brilliant at it, so I’m still learning which is great.”