UPDATE 6: Unless Microsoft has one more surprise up its sleeves, it looks like the rumoured Goldeneye 007 reveal may not take place, after all. The Xbox and Bethesda Showcase will seemingly end with an extended look at Starcraft, which means no Goldeneye, Indiana Jones or Fable. Fortunately, Starfield is shaping up pretty nicely, which you can see by clicking play on the video below. UPDATE 5: In one of the more surprising announcements during the event, Microsoft confirmed that the Persona series will be coming to Xbox. This includes Persona 5 Royal, Persona 4 Golden and Persona 3 Portable. It begins with Persona 5 on October 21. Hideo Kojima also appeared during the event, confirming earlier reports that he will partner with Microsoft to release an unannounced new title. UPDATE 4: The Xbox and Bethesda Showcase shows no signs of slowing down, as Diablo 4 appears during the event. Diablo 4 was given a 2023 release date on Xbox, PC and PlayStation consoles. Blizzard also unveiled a new character class, as the Necromancer joins the line-up. This was followed with a look at stunning Xbox Series X gameplay, and confirmation that cross-platform play will be supported. Judging by Microsoft's earlier comments, the game will launch within 12 months. UPDATE 3: Microsoft's blockbuster event continued with hit after hit, including word on the next Ark Survival Evolved game. Ark 2 was announced for 2023, and will be available on Game Pass. Elsewhere, it was announced that the new Forza Horizon 5 Hot Wheels expansion will launch in July, while Scorn is coming in October. Fans were also given a look at Minecraft Legends, which is a Minecraft Dungeons sequel launching next year. UPDATE 2: After announcing a new Forza Motorsport, showing gameplay for Redfall, A Plague Tale: Requiem and Hollow Knight Silksong, the Xbox and Bethesda Showcase continued with a look at Microsoft Flight Simulator, which is getting a new update. To celebrate the series' 40th anniversary, the update adds helicopters, gliders and new aircraft. It will be available this November. Halo Infinite content is also coming to Microsoft Flight Simulator as part of a free update later today. This was followed by the blockbuster announcement that Overwatch 2 is launching in Early Access as a free-to-play title on October 4. UPDATE: The Xbox and Bethesda Showcase opened with a look at Redfall. Backing up Microsoft's earlier comments, the Redfall preview was packed full of gameplay footage, showcasing the team-based first-person shooter action. Viewers were also given a look at some of the special abilities. It concluded with confirmation that Redfall will launch in 2023. Hollow Knight Silksong was up next, as Microsoft showcased actual gameplay footage. In news sure to please Xbox fans, Silksong will be available on Game Pass at launch. Then there's a game called High on Life, which is a cartoonish shooter launching this October. This was followed by gameplay footage for A Plague Tale: Requiem and Forza Motorsport, the latter of which will launch in 2023. ORIGINAL: If the rumours are anything to go by, then this year's Xbox (and Bethesda) Showcase is going to be a must-see event. In case you're out of the loop, the Xbox and Bethesda Showcase takes place at 6pm BST UK time on June 12. The event runs for around 90 minutes, and includes announcements and gameplay reveals for upcoming Xbox and PC games. You can watch the event live by clicking play on the video below. In terms of content, fans can expect news and gameplay for the likes of Starfield, Redfall and Hellblade 2. Elsewhere, Ghostwire Tokyo and Deathloop are expected to be announced for Xbox, where they're likely to join Xbox Games Pass. Needless to say, there have been lots of rumours and speculation about what else will appear at the event, such as Goldeneye 007 Remastered. A potential Goldeneye remaster has been rumoured for quite some time. Speculation has ramped up in recent weeks, after Goldeneye Achievements were spotted online. It's believed Goldeneye 007 Remastered could even launch after the event, similar to the stealth drop for last year's Quake Remastered. Elsewhere, fans can expect the next Forza Motorsport game to be announced with gameplay footage. The last Forza Motorsport game launched back in 2017, which makes an imminent sequel a strong possibility. Speaking of Forza, we're long overdue a Forza Horizon 5 expansion, so expect that to be revealed during today's event. It's also been a while since fans have been treated to any news about MachineGames' upcoming Indiana Jones release, so don't be surprised if we get an update during the event. That's on top of Obsidian's Avowed game, as well as State of Decay 3 and new Halo Infinite content, which will reportedly be known as Halo: Endless. With Microsoft also purchasing Activision Blizzard, there's a chance we'll see more Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 footage, and perhaps even Diablo 4. Less likely are gameplay reveals for previously announced titles like Fable, which isn't believed to be far enough into development. Likewise, don't expect anything from the next Elder Scrolls game, or the previously announced Perfect Dark reimagining. On the plus side, expect even more Xbox Game Pass reveals, as well as potential news about Project Moorcroft, which is Microsoft's initiative to bring game demos to its subscription service.