Verbal and visual accounts of the Queen's 70-year reign are a poignant reminder of how the monarchy remains intimately intertwined with the most pivotal moments in our shared history. As ancient as the nation itself, for it was the Scot James I who finally united the crowns of England and Scotland, the monarch has always been at the beating heart of national life. Across class, creed and politics - as trends subside and fads pass - widespread public support for the Crown remains an established fact. The popular excitement inspired by the Queen's Platinum Jubilee echoes the joyful acclaim which greeted Charles II's restoration after Britain's only flirtation with republicanism. Our remarkable Queen's life is one of unwavering service to her Kingdom and Commonwealth, as the longest-reigning British monarch she is recognised and revered. When, in 1953, at her coronation the nation sang "long to reign over us", few could have imagined quite how long that would be. Yet, 70 years later, regard for her has only grown across the globe. The personal reach of the monarchy is truly remarkable, with approximately a third of all Britons having personally met or seen the Queen, as well as the millions more who will have come into contact with a member of her family in the course of their royal duties. The monarchy simultaneously brings both style and substance; form and function. The intimate link between subject and sovereign bestows upon each of us a sense of majesty's magic - for the Royal Family's ancient lineage means their family history is our history. This connection gives life to the reciprocal sense of ownership which means that Her Majesty is our Queen and we are her people. Monarchy is also a substantial national asset. As the ultimate authority in the land, Her Majesty represents both the emblematic spirit of nationhood and a constitutional guardian sitting at the apex of the Government. As such, the Crown provides a stability without drama, security beyond doctrine and continuity free of dominance. Other forms of government just cannot match this mix. A hereditary head of state, bound by the obligation of duty, acts as an invaluable bulwark against the vagaries of faddish politics and the kind of ephemeral fascinations which can sweep up leaders and those they lead. The Queen understands the practical role of constitutional monarchy better than anyone, for throughout her 70-year reign she has demonstrated a remarkable ability to adapt this ancient institution to changing circumstances. This adaptability enabled her to oversee the transformation of British overseas power.Without her, the British Empire may never have metamorphosised into a Commonwealth of Nations, because the Crown is the assured bedrock upon which it was founded. The gradual sunset of the British Empire - in contrast with the kind of lasting animosity which befell other Imperial powers after their twilight years - brought the dawn of the Commonwealth. Those who are sceptical about monarchist sentiment and proud patriotism presumably favour an elected head of state but surely a president would add little and take away so much. A layer of bureaucracy would doubtless emerge, following disagreement about which former politician should replace the Queen - all providing Britons with more reasons to squabble. Passing memories of celebrations great and small will fade but the Platinum Jubilee will live on in history. Just as, through the example of dutiful service she personifies, the influence of Queen Elizabeth will bring hope and glory for years to come.