Speaking in Blackpool earlier today, Prime Minister Boris Johnson said he was making the changes to help working people who claim benefits to top up their low incomes. It follows calls from industry experts to consider removing saving and mortgage barriers for people on low incomes.      "We're going to look to change the rules on welfare, so 1.5 million working people who are in receipt of housing benefits, I stress working people, and want to buy their first home will be given a new choice: to spend their benefit on rent as now, or put it towards a first ever mortgage. Doing so removes a significant barrier that currently prevents hundreds of thousands of families from buying their own home." "To remove another [barrier], we're going to explore discounting Lifetime and Help to Buy ISA savings from Universal Credit eligibility rules. "It doesn't mean letting anyone who claims benefits whilst sitting on a vast pension pot that they could be drawing on - that's not the people we're targeting. "But making it easier for hard-working people to put away a little every month until they have enough for a deposit on their first home." Until now, people haven't been eligible for benefits if they have savings above £16,000.     However the plans will mean Lifetime and Help to Buy ISAs are discounted from Universal Credit eligibility rules. It should help people put money towards their savings pot each month. Whispers were heard in May that millions of tenants may be given the right to buy their homes in a major shake up. The major shake-up to the current system is reminiscent of the Thatcher scheme where council tenants were given the right to buy their homes. However, not everyone thinks it's a good plan with some people claiming it will have the opposite affect to what was intended.  DON'T MISSGas boilers MUST be banned Boris Johnson’s ‘tsar’ insists [ALERT]Millions to get extra £650 payment in next few weeks [UPDATE]Smart meter warning: Households losing £429 a year [WARNING] Polly Neate, chief executive of Shelter, said it could do more harm than good. She said: “The hare-brained idea of extending Right-to-Buy to housing associations is the opposite of what the country needs. "There could not be a worse time to sell off what remains of our last truly affordable social homes. “The living cost crisis means more people are on the brink of homelessness than homeownership – nearly 34,000 households in England became homeless between October and December last year, more than 8,000 of them were families with children. “Right to Buy has already torn a massive hole in our social housing stock as less than five percent of the homes sold off have ever been replaced.  Ms Neate added: "These half-baked plans have been tried before and they’ve failed. "Over one million households are stuck on social housing waiting lists in England, and with every bill skyrocketing, the government should be building more social homes so we have more not less.” Paul Coss, chief customer officer at Haysto, said while it's not a bad idea he wondered if it would work. He said: “While these are all positive steps towards helping low-paid workers onto the property ladder, there is a worry that this scheme won’t help in real life.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea "To qualify for Universal Credit, people must have under £16,000 in savings which will prevent people from having enough money to put down a deposit. “Additionally, there are previous concerns around the supply of council housing and a potential that such a policy could run down vital stock of housing association properties, which can only be maintained if the Government does a like-for-like, one-for-one replacement system. “So while the scheme sounds really promising, it’s important that low-paid workers get appropriate support to get onto the property ladder and the scheme will only be a success if lenders actually get on board with the scheme.”