Peter Street is currently closed both ways. It is shut between Deansgate and Watson Street, according to traffic alert service Inrix. The closure is in place near a row of popular bars and restaurants. It has been shut since the early hours.  A Greater Manchester Police spokesman said: "At around 2.20am on Monday 13 June 2022, we were made aware of injured males on Peter Street, Manchester. An investigation is underway. "Anyone with information should share it via gmp.police.uk quoting 273 13/06/22. Information can also be shared anonymously via the independent charity – Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111." The road was reportedly closed from 3am this morning. According to traffic alert service Inrix, the road has now reopened. READ MORE: Dan Walker hits back at 'angry' fans after daughter’s hospital dash It comes as police in London also tackled a "major" incident in the early hours of this morning after a tube station has to be evacuated. London Fire Brigade are investigating the cause of smoke coming through a tunnel at Elephant and Castle's underground station. The capital's fire service was alerted about the incident at 11:11pm yesterday. Six fire engines and around 40 firefighters from Dowgate, Lambeth, Old Kent Road, Dockhead and Peckham are now on hand to deal with the incident. DON'T MISS:Tube station evacuated as emergency services tackle ‘major’ incident [PICTURES]'Talking nonsense’ Ex RMT boss fumes as GB News host slams strike [COMMENT]'Where is good news in Brexit?' Andrew Neil challenges David Davis [OPINION] Station Commander Keith McDermott, who was at the scene, said: “Firefighters are currently investigating smoke coming from a tunnel. “Trains are not currently running through the station. At this stage, there are no reports of any injuries.” Bystanders in south London initially claimed around half a dozen fire engines arrived at Elephant and Castle tube station just before midnight. The incident has caused travel disruption on underground services and the road.  