Manchester United have been told to sign Raphinha from arch-rivals Leeds United by former defender Paul Parker - with the ex-right-back claiming the Brazilian would be a very good signing for the Red Devils. Raphinha joined the Whites from Rennes in the summer of 2020 and instantly endeared himself to the Elland Road faithful with a string of impressive performances. The winger star was Leeds' player of the season last time out as they escaped relegation on the final day with a hard-fought victory over Brentford in the capital. But as a player with a pedigree higher than that of the bottom-half of the Premier League, the former Sporting Lisbon star could seek pastures new in the summer. Barcelona have been heavily linked with his signing, although rumours have cooled down in recent weeks given their financial worries. And Parker believes that United could do much worse than swooping in to sign the star after a number of their wingers failed to perform last season and contributed to the club missing out on the top four. “Now, he’s (Raphinha) not a centre-forward, he’s a wide player, he’s creative. He plays off the cuff. He improvises. So, I would say that he’s everything that Manchester United are about," Parker told BonusCodeBets. "When you look at Manchester United wide players, none of them have really done a lot. Only one player has really made an impact as a wide player, but he is inexperienced. He needs to be working with better quality players, more honest players, more professional senior pros, and that’s (Anthony) Elanga. "(Jadon) Sancho showed glimpses. Rashford, let’s leave Rashford out of this. They haven’t had anything from someone from a wide area who’s gonna be frightening in the forward position. So, yes I have to say that he (Raphinha) would be a very good signing and the fact that he’s playing in the Premier League is a fact that makes even more sense. They haven’t got to worry about integration. You know, into playing that football. “So, common sense says, if he’s available, when you talk money I think he’s like £35 million. I would say he would be a very, very good signing for Manchester United." Raphinha's 11 goals and three assists in the Premier League amounted to one third of Leeds' tally in the division, ultimately keeping them up at the expense of Burnley. The Yorkshire side have already signed American prodigy Brenden Aaronson from Salzburg for a fee of around £25million as they seemingly look to bulk up under Jesse Marsch. Leeds, however, could lose one of their most important players this summer in Kalvin Phillips, with the midfielder being tipped with a move to Manchester City. United also have the England international on their radar but face the likelihood of losing out on the star to their arch-rivals should Pep Guardiola push ahead with a deal over other midfield targets.