Last weekend was close to perfection. There were so many highlights. Very few 96-year-old heads of state could have tapped out the intro to "We Will Rock You" with such twinkling charm. But when the dancing stopped there was an inescapable feeling an era was coming to an end, even if the Queen continues to add more years to the 70 already served. The final balcony scene conveyed a stark message: change is coming. Even as a tremendous wave of affection swept her way, it was almost as if the Queen were waving goodbye. Survival and succession are the constant concerns of any monarchy. The Queen has made sure the House of Windsor is at the heart of British life well into the 21st century. The monarchy's future was there on her balcony, heir apparent Prince Charles on her right, heir presumptive Prince William on her left, with Prince George in front of him, getting his first real idea of what it might be like to be a king. Mentally sharp and as bright as a button, the Queen is nevertheless becoming physically frail. She may not emulate her mother who lived to be 101. If and when Charles ascends the throne, he will be the oldest monarch ever to do so. But a short reign can be a good one. When Edward VII became king after Queen Victoria's then recordbreaking reign of 64 years, he became hugely popular. The Edwardian Era was later regarded as a golden decade of progress, prosperity and fun. Prince Charles has had the longest apprenticeship for "the top job" - as Princess Diana once called wearing the crown - in our history. He has the potential for greatness, indicated by his willingness to adapt to a changing world, dropping his often ill-informed quasipolitical speeches and even altering the way he speaks. We hear less now about staying in "nice hizzes" and wearing the right "trizzers". The Duchess of Cornwall has made him more grounded, less likely to lose his temper, happier and therefore more relaxed. That's a good start. Combined with his instinct to do the right thing it bodes well for the future. Throughout the jubilee, Charles made sure that, in the slimmed-down Royal Family he wants, his wife Camilla was front and centre: in the carriage taking the Duchess of Cambridge and her three children to the Trooping of the Colour, next to him on the balcony, speaking publicly on behalf of them both at the big party inside the Oval. The woman who was once his "non-negotiable" mistress will become his Queen Camilla, now that the Queen has given his wish her personal blessing. Prince Charles will not be as popular a monarch as his mother. In that respect, she is an impossible act to follow. There is still hostility to Camilla, in Britain and abroad, and Charles will always be blamed, rightly or wrongly, for the 15 largely unhappy years Princess Diana spent within the monarchy's golden cage. Australia, New Zealand and Jamaica will be just three of the Queen's 15 realms that will consider cutting ties with the monarchy after the Queen's death. Strains on the United Kingdom are likely to grow too, with Sinn Fein now the biggest party in the Northern Ireland Assembly and its ambition of a united Ireland unchanged. The Scottish National Party will also be striving for a second referendum to sever the bond that created Great Britain in 1707. The best hopes for the continuation of the House of Windsor are the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and their attractive but reassuringly normal children. Prince William is every inch a future king. Tall, good-looking, compassionate, intelligent and sincere - he is the real deal. Crown, country and Commonwealth ought to hug themselves with delight that there's a King William V in prospect, whose wife and future Queen looks great and never puts a foot wrong. If Walt Disney were around today needing models for a remake of his animated "Cinderella", he might well choose the Cambridges as his Prince Charming and Cinders, just as he really did model Snow White on Wallis Simpson. She stole the heart of King Edward VIII, and it was his abdication in 1936 that led to Queen Elizabeth II, a woman who did not deny her destiny. Instead, aged just 21, she dedicated her life, "whether it be short or long", to the service of us all during eight momentous decades. " Prince William is every inch a future king... tall, good looking, sincere... he is the real deal."