Grace Kelly returns to screens today as she heads an all-star cast for 1956's High Society, which airs from 2.20pm on BBC Two. Among the stellar actors is Academy Award winner Frank Sinatra, and music heavyweight Bing Crosby, with a soundtrack provided by icon Cole Porter. The film, which earned two Oscar nominations, remains a favourite with Hollywood fans, and saw the three stars all performing at the top of their game. For Kelly, the film came two years after she collected a Best Actress gong at the Academy Awards for her role in The Country Girl, and decades before her tragic death. Kelly's life was transformed when she headed a US delegation at the Cannes Film Festival in 1955, and was invited to have her photo taken with Prince Rainier III, the sovereign of the Principality of Monaco, at the Prince's Palace of Monaco. The pair then entered a year-long courtship, before marrying on April 19, 1956. This then saw her become Princess consort of Monaco until her death in a car accident in 1982. Among the children she had with Prince Rainier III was Prince Albert, who is currently the Sovereign of Monaco. In 2012, in a conversation with CNN's then-presenter Piers Morgan, he discussed his mother, and what he hoped she may have thought of his role as Sovereign. His reign began in 2005, seven years before the 30th anniversary of Kelly's death, when Prince Rainier III died due to complications relating to a lung infection as a result of frequent smoking. He told Morgan: "I still think of her every day, and I hope that she would be proud of me and what I've tried to achieve in the last 30 years." JUST IN: Grace and Frankie’s Jane and Lily speak out on return and spin-off When asked how he would describe Grace from his memory, he replied: "She was the most warm, gracious, engaging person. "Of course, she was very close to all of us. She was an incredible mother. She was an incredibly generous person in heart and spite. "She touched the lives of so many people in so many different ways all over the world." Kelly and Prince Albert's relationship has often been discussed as his reign over Monaco has continued, and was reviewed in the documentary Privacy and Power: A year In The Life Of Prince Albert Of Monaco. DON'T MISS:Grace Kelly had two engagement rings - first was replaced [INSIGHT]Grace Kelly's family home was 'inviting' like 'English pub' [ANALYSIS]'It was enormous' Frank Sinatra's secret weapon for seducing women [LATEST] Thomas Fouilleron, the principality's chief archivist, was among the guests speaking on the show, and read comments Prince Albert made to Kelly in a Mother's Day card. He said: "Dear mummy, I'd like to tell you all that I feel in my heart, but I can only smile and offer these flowers. "I clasp you in my two small arms - it's much better than a long speech. All I want to say is that I love you. "Happy Mother's Day." After Prince Rainier III died, he was buried next to Kelly, at the Cathedral of Our Lady Immaculate, the traditional spot for royalty to be buried in Monaco. Symbolically, it was also where the couple wed decades before. The union between the pair became a worldwide sensation, with some outlets describing it as the "wedding of the century" and the "world's most anticipated wedding". So in love with his wife, Prince Rainier III never remarried. At the time, his death was overshadowed globally, as Pope John Paul II died shortly after him. High Society airs today on BBC Two from 2.20pm.