Ahead of the Duke and Duchess's return to the UK, speculation surrounded whether they would attempt to bring a Netflix camera crew in tow for the Jubilee celebrations. The Sussexes' previous trip to the Netherlands had involved a cohort of cameras following the couple as they attended the Invictus Games in the Hague. The couple is involved in a documentary series looking at the competitors of the Games, entitled "Heart of Invictus". However, just before the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations kicked off, a source claimed that camera crews filming for the streaming giant would be "moved on" if they attempted to film the Duke and Duchess of Sussex in public spaces over the extended weekend. Media and filming crews required express permission to operate near Buckingham Palace across the Jubilee weekend, which Netflix did not have. The pair signed a deal with Netflix worth $100 million back in 2020, but are yet to produce any finished content. Irene Keene, former magazine editor-turned-influencer who travelled to the UK from the US for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, described how she, as a royal fan based in America, hoped there could be a “private” line of communication between the Duke and Duchess and the Firm, without media interference. She said she was rooting for "an open, albeit private, dialogue with the family" about "changes that can be made in the royal household" after the Sussexes' highly anticipated visit to the UK. But their return was somewhat muted, as the couple largely steered clear of media attention and camera crews throughout the televised events. They were seen watching the Trooping the Colour parade on Thursday, June 2, at Horse Guards Parade in the company of other senior royals. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry photo ban bitter pill to swallow' But they did not join working royals on the Buckingham Palace balcony for the RAF flypast closing the spectacle. In their only official public appearance of the weekend, they climbed the steps at St Paul's Cathedral for a thanksgiving service on Friday, June 3. However, they maintained a gulf of distance between themselves and Prince William with his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. They sat next to Prince Harry's cousin, Princess Eugenie, and her husband, Jack Brooksbank, for the duration of the service. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Alarmed' William looked 'miserable' after row [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew have his royal status reinstated? [VOTE] Queen forced into making 'absolutely pivotal' Queen Camilla move [INSIGHT] Mulling over how a US audience may perceive the rift between the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and the Firm, Mrs Keene commented that she hoped the “seeds were planted” for reconciliation. She said: "At the end of the day family - biological or otherwise - is everything, regardless of who one is.” She added that although she couldn’t speak on the views of all Americans, “I don’t think I’m alone in thinking that it would be a shame if Prince Harry and Prince William don’t mend fences”. She continued: “With the Duke and Duchess of Sussex in London for the Jubilee, I hope seeds were planted for a reconciliation, not just between the brothers, but between Meghan and other family members as well.” She then commented: “Lastly, I’m glad Her Majesty was able to spend time with her great-grandchildren. It is believed the Queen, 96, was introduced to her namesake great-granddaughter for the first time over the Jubilee weekend.