Arsenal and Tottenham have been offered the chance to sign Barcelona defender Clement Lenglet on loan, according to reports. The two north London sides have seemingly been approached by the Spanish giants, who are keen to clear the decks so Xavi can prioritise the signings of his choice. Both Arsenal and Spurs have been linked with the Frenchman in recent transfer windows but as of now, neither have been seriously interested in signing the 26-year-old. According to The Times, both have clubs have now been told they can land the centre-back on loan and that a deal is there to be done should they wish to pursue it. Xavi has reportedly told the France international that he is not part of his plans for the 2022/23 season - meaning he is free to depart. Juventus are another club who have been invited to the table but so far, activity has been minimal. READ MORE: Tottenham already discussing third signing after completing Ivan Perisic formalities Lenglet has endured a dramatic fall from grace after initially being considered a huge success at the Nou Camp. Barcelona moved to sign him from Sevilla after just one season in Spain following his 2017 switch from French side Nancy. But since then, he has fallen away from the Barca starting XI and with Andreas Christensen due to arrive from Chelsea this summer - the writing is on the wall. Arsenal are now thought to be chasing the capture of a new centre-back in the upcoming transfer window but they would welcome some extra strength in depth. READ MOREMan Utd can pay £2m more for better signing if Ajax star Jurrien Timber snubs transferPau Torres picks between Man Utd and Tottenham transfer as 'both clubs offer £45m'Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting Gabriel Magalhaes is also being monitored by both Barcelona and Juventus but the Brazilian remains committed to the Gunners. Tottenham, however, are looking to bring in another centre-back, particularly one that can play on the left side of defence. Alessandro Bastoni of Inter Milan remains their top target but a deal looks complicated at this stage. So far, Spurs have been unsuccessful in their attempts to entice Bastoni into a move away from the San Siro and he feels in no rush to move onto pastures new. Should there be no movement, Tottenham could be forced to explore alternative options. Those include Pau Torres and Josko Gvardiol of RB Leipzig. Lenglet seems unlikely to enter their thinking. The Barcelona man had his contract extended in October 2020 in a deal that will run until 2026. But a lot has changed since the arrival of Xavi, who clearly wishes to move in another direction.