Ralf Little and the rest of the cast are currently filming for series 12 of Death in Paradise. The actor, who plays detective Neville Parker, regularly keeps his followers updated with behind-the-scenes snaps and footage. However, in his latest post, fans spotted something odd about his character's costume. In view of his 134,000 Instagram followers, Ralf shared a clip alongside his co-star Tahj Miles, who plays Marlon Pryce in the BBC drama. The actor captioned the video: "It’s not all glitz and glamour." "Another day, another dirt track, hey Tahj-y," Rald said as he panned the camera around to his co-star. "It's a great location," Tahj replied before adding: "I love it." READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen "Yep, it's all glamour," the Neville Parker star added before lifting his hand up in the air. However, as he did so, the actor, who was wearing a white tank top, showed that he was wearing two watches which looked the same. Despite being excited by the behind-the-scenes clip, fans were quick to question why the actor was wearing two watches. Sally asked: "Why two watches?? That’s what I want to know. Or is that top secret." Milly Molly said: "Do you wear two watches?" User @bowringvicki simply quizzed: "Why 2 watches?!" (sic) Although, Ralf remained tight-lipped as he didn't reveal why his character was wearing two watches. However, as viewers will know, Neville Parker is organised and efficient, so there is probably a very good reason as to why he's wearing both watches. DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast viewers hit out over 'obsession' with Glastonbury [REACTION]'It's real' JB Gill speaks out on Jeremy Clarkson’s farming struggles [INSIGHT]Coronation Street fans predict twist for Sean after Frank exposed [SPOILERS] Just days before, Ralf also shared another behind-the-scenes clip from his villa. "Can’t believe I have my very own Harry," he captioned the video as he showed his followers a green lizard which had found its way into his home. Filming for Death in Paradise is well underway, with the new series expected to air early next year. BBC bosses also excited fans as they confirmed there would be another Christmas special airing. Ralf and Tahj will be back to play Neville and Marlon, along with Don Warrington who plays Selwyn Patterson. One person missing from series 12 will be Florence Cassell (Josephine Jobert) who left the show at the end of series 11. Fans were left gutted when the detective decided to leave Saint Marie once again, especially after rejecting Neville's romantic advances. But, will the detective finally find love in the upcoming series? Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer