Gold is the perfect accessory for a dull outfit or even around the home to brighten up a neutral room. No matter whether you choose to wear gold jewellery or use it to adorn features around your property, looking after it is crucial to keep it looking bold and shiny. Using the wrong products to polish your gold items could be detrimental to this precious material, so what exactly should you be reaching for when it comes to cleaning gold items yourself? Keeping it simple really is the key to making your gold items look brand new Harsh chemicals and abrasive ingredients can be damaging to the delicate surface, so it is best to avoid using baking soda and hard-bristled brushes or sponges. Instead, stick to gentle liquids to banish dullness and polish scratches or marks from the gold. READ MORE: Inside Our Yorkshire Farm: A glimpse into Amanda Owen’s home While this may sound like the obvious way to clean dirt from any household surface, it really does work on tired-looking gold. For handled items like jewellery or small ornaments, it is best to soak them in soapy water. Old surfaces or large fixtures should be polished using soft, microfibre cloth. To make the solution, simply fill a bowl with warm water and add a few drops of mild dish soap. Place the item in the solution and leave it to sit for five to 10 minutes. While gold shouldn’t tarnish, almost all gold items are alloy metals. For this reason, they are more susceptible to becoming tarnished and can be harder to clean. Luckily, there is just one simple swap you need to make to revive dirty, tarnished gold. Simply swap your warm, still water for a bowl of sparkling water when you go to rinse the items. The fizzing action helps to dislodge hidden dirt for an ever deeper clean, and even more impressive results. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share 20p hack to remove toilet stains - ‘cheap’ [INSIGHT]Is cornflour the new baking soda? 5 effective cornflour cleaning hacks [ANALYSIS]I tried Bar Keepers Friend stain remover to brighten my tile grout [REVEAL] For very dirty items, use a new, soft-bristled toothbrush to gently scrub away any residue. Once the gold has been left to soak, rinse the items by placing them in a fresh container filled with lukewarm water. Jewellers Mutual said: “Make sure the water isn't too hot or too cold, as some gemstones do not take well to drastic changes in temperature.” For larger items, simply soak the cloth in the soapy liquid and slowly glide it over the gold fixture. Repeat with a clean, damp cloth and dry the item with a paper towel. Take care not to snag detailed items on the fibres of the cloth while washing or drying them. Cleaning your gold jewellery or ornaments is one thing, but how can you maintain a high shine? According to Shiels, caring for gold is as simple as cleaning the items every few weeks and keeping them away from strong substances. The jewellery specialist said: “The easiest way to maintain the cleanness of your gold jewellery is to remove your items before swimming and showering. “Chlorine from pools and not rinsing the soap off of your gold jewellery from the shower can discolour it.” Always store gold in a cool, dry and safe place to prevent tarnishing.