Hay fever is an allergic reaction to pollen that flares up when it's warm, humid and windy. The litany of symptoms are all too familiar to Britons up and down the country. However, sneezing and itchy eyes may now be a thing of the past. Sufferers have extolled the benefits of taking £4 hay fever tablets available at supermarkets such as ASDA, Tesco, Morrisons and Sainsbury's. Dubbed a "miracle cure" for symptoms, hot demand for the tablets is currently outstripping supply, with major supermarkets running low on stock. The tablets are also low in stock at Boots and Superdrug. Shoppers described the tablets - which are stronger than traditional tablets such as Cetirizine Hydrochloride and Loratadine - as making them feel like they don't even have hay fever at all any more. READ MORE: 'Soured cream and smoked fish' - Dietician warns of 'histamine foods' worsening hay fever The tablet in question - fexofenadine fydrochloride, which is currently being sold under the brand name Allevia or Treathay in the UK - is now available without a prescription for the first time, meaning you can now buy it over the counter. However, sufferers are struggling to get their hands on the hay fever panacea. One hay fever sufferer told YorkshireLive: "I went to three different supermarkets trying to find it. It was completely sold out in Asda Handsworth in Sheffield, and it was sold out at another two in Leeds. "I bought some online but even on Amazon Prime, there's about a week long delay on orders and it took a week to arrive on the 'next day' delivery service. The reason is, it works. It's much more potent than regular hay fever tablets, so my reactions are much more under control. I don't know what I would have done without it this year, when the pollen has been absolutely crazy. DON'T MISSLongevity: The vitamin that can slash your risk of death by 57% [TIPS]Diabetes: The golden drink that lowers blood sugar [ADVICE]Diabetes symptoms: The telltale sign around the eyes [INSIGHT] "Last year I got some on prescription, but now they're available over the counter it's much easier and cheaper to get hold of them - until they all sell out." Other hay fever sufferers agree with how good the tablets are. Ben Newmark said: "HAY FEVER SUFFERERS Allevia is now available over the counter and I haven't felt this good in the summer for a decade." Matty Ester added: "I have gone from having the worst hay fever you will ever see anyone have in your whole life, to feeling like I’ve never had it. Allevia, you have cured me." @Nikk1noodles said: "Fexofenadine aka Allevia 120mg over the counter at Boots. Took a couple of days to kick in but this week I've been hayfever-free. No itching, no eye drops, no nasal sprays. 10/10 would recommend." @therealmadrina said: "Them Allevia hayfever tablets are defo worth the money tbh - they’ve been working wonders for me" @RettsUK said: "Guys Allevia truly are the best hayfever tablets. I suffer from hayfever badly but with one a day, I haven’t even had the slightest nose twitch in weeks!" @28shan said: "Those Allevia tablets have made forget that I even suffer from hayfever they are literally the best". READ MORE: How to sleep: The tips to get a good night's kip if you have allergies or hay fever One user added that the price for some boxes on Amazon had jumped from £7 to £20 during periods of high demand. Fexofenadine is an antihistamine medicine that helps with the symptoms of allergies. It's used to treat: Fexofenadine is known as a non-drowsy antihistamine. It's less likely to make you feel sleepy than some other antihistamines. Fexofenadine comes as tablets. It is available on prescription but you can also buy 120mg tablets from pharmacies and supermarkets. You can buy 180mg tablets for treating hives from pharmacies, or get them on prescription. Fexofenadine 30mg tablets for children are available on prescription only. According to the NHS, you'll usually take fexofenadine once a day. Children aged 12 and under take it twice a day.