Various elements are attached to Universal Credit, a benefit payment administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Due to unpaid carers being an economically disadvantaged group, a Carer’s Element is available via Universal Credit. This is separate benefit support from Carer’s Allowance, which is more commonly associated with carers. To apply for this element, claimants must have “regular and substantial caring responsibilities” for a “severely disabled person”, according to the DWP. As it stands, those who are eligible for the Carer’s Element of Universal Credit could get a boost of £168.81 a month. When it comes to this additional support, someone’s earnings or other income could affect how much Universal Credit they are entitled to. After this income is removed from the maximum amount of Universal Credit someone is entitled to, the amount left will be the payment they get from the DWP. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum Despite there being multiple elements for various groups, no one element is immune from potential deductions. People who are eligible to apply for Carer’s Allowance are able to put forward a claim for this element even if they do not claim Carer’s Allowance at all. On its website, Carers UK shared how applying for the Universal Credit element often works and warned how the person being looked after by the carer could be affected. The charity stated: “You must tell the Universal Credit office that you are a carer using your online journal or calling if you are a telephone claimant.  “This is because they will not automatically know this and apply the element, even if you are getting Carer’s Allowance. “You can inform them of your caring role even if you are yet to claim, or not going to claim Carer’s Allowance. “One important thing to note is that if the person you are looking after receives a severe disability premium (or addition) within their means-tested legacy benefits, they will lose this if your Universal Credit includes a carer element (regardless of whether or not you are also claiming Carer’s Allowance).” Couples are able to apply at the same time for the Carer’s Element but they cannot be looking after the same person. To get the full amount, unpaid carers must be looking after someone in receipt of certain qualifying benefits for at least 35 hours per week. These benefit payments include: Someone’s Universal Credit Carer’s Element claim could affect the benefit payments of the person they are looking after. The person they are caring for may end up losing their entitlement to the Severe Disability Premium (SDP). This is an extra payment that is included in some means-tested benefits to help with the cost of disability. Outside of the Carer’s Element, claimants also have the option for applying for alternative Universal Credit elements. These include the Child Element, the Childcare Costs Element and the Housing Costs Element.