  Following the bruising by-election results for the Consevative party, Boris Johnson has been forced to slap down calls from remainers to reforge close ties with the EU in a bid to help ease the cost of living crisis, one of the key concerns for voters at the polls. Mr Johnson suggested the votes had served to highlight the frustrations of the public as he promised to outline a clear plan for economic recovery which would not undermine the Brexit withdrawal. On BBC Radio 4’s Today programme, The Prime Minister said: “I’ve got to humbly and sincerely accept all the criticism you get in a job like mine.”   Mr Johnson bashed the arguments of his “critics” that a return to the EU single market could boost economic growth. During his Radio 4 interview, the Prime Minister said: “Don't forget that the only actual argument that I've heard some of my critics make of substance about the change of direction they'd like to see is for us to go back into the EU single market. "That's literally the only manifesto point that I've seen."  Avid Brexit remainers have campaigned for a return to the European single market in an effort to bolster trade and sooth post-pandemic economic concerns. Mr Johnson has repeatedly denied this proposal as he vowed to deliver a strong, independent UK economy as the country withdrew from the European Union. The Prime Minister asserted his political agenda would not undergo any "psychological transformation" despite the economic pressures faced by his Government. Mr Johnson added: “"What you can do, and what the Government should do, and what I want to do, is to get on with changing and reforming and improving our systems and our economy." Read more: Britain has some of the most effective forces, Nato's chief says The Prime Minister denied that by-election results were an indication of Remainer policy gaining traction. Speaking to Sky News following the vote, Mr Johnson said: “I understand that, we have to help them, I understand people’s frustration. “Politics is about allowing people to have the democratic safety valve of letting off at Government, such as in by-elections.” He described the by-elections as a “safety valve” in that the electorate were able to ‘let off steam’ against the Government without risking the security of the Conservative leadership in the manner that a general election would. Don't miss: Should Boris call a General Election after by-election defeat? [POLL]Boris risks Charles Rwanda row saying critics should keep ‘open mind’ [REPORT]Boris Johnson 'greased piglet' and can 'wriggle out' of trouble [INSIGHT]  Mr Johnson suggested the UK population was “fed up” with hearing criticisms of the Conservative party and the by-election result indicated the electorate want the Government to focus on addressing core issues of political concern. The Prime Minister said: “I want to talk about what we’re doing to help people with the cost of living, our plan for a stronger economy but also, of course, what we’re doing here in Kigali and in Germany and then in NATO to stand up against aggression.” He asserted he would follow his “golden rule” as he added: “Rule number one of politics is focus on what we’re doing, what we’ve been elected to do, to help people take the country forward.” This pledge suggested the Prime Minister remains strictly opposed to a reversal of Brexit measures which saw the UK depart from the European single market. READ NEXT:Tactical voting signal danger for Conservatives upset with BorisBoris Johnson a threat to Tories for '20 years' if removed'Something is rotten in state of Tories', says DAVID MADDOXDo not panic about the by-election, Boris has come back from worseTory MPs gear up for another no confidence vote against Boris 