As fans await season four of the highly-anticipated Netflix series Virgin River, viewers were glad to learn the instalment would finally land on screens in July. Ahead of its release, Doc star Tim Matheson opened up about his other exhausting role on the show.  When Virgin River came to an end in 2021, the finale came to a cliffhanger ending which left fans eagerly awaiting the release of season four. After learning, Jack Sheridan (played by Martin Henderson) wanted to get back with Mel Monroe (Alexandra Breckenridge) and did in fact want to start a family, Mel dropped a huge bombshell. During their break-up, she returned to the Los Angeles facility and decided to go through with IVF, using the embryo she made with her late husband. As she was desperate to become a mother, she was willing to go through it alone, however, things got complicated when she shared the news with Jack. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes stunned as MP cuts interview short Jack was about to propose when Mel told him she was pregnant and although he was full of glee, she revealed her deceased husband could be the father. The finale also had bad news for Doc (Tim Matheson) after it was revealed the woman he loved, Hope (Annette O’Toole) had a traumatic brain injury after a car accident. With the realisation that she may not survive, Doc was forced to face a life without her. Thankfully for fans, the cast will return in July and they will finally have the answers to their burning questions. As Netflix streamers await the premiere, Matheson revealed some truths about working on Virgin River. As well as portraying Doc, the actor also directed four episodes of the show, two in season one and another two in the second season. During a fan Q&A on the Chatting with B podcast, Matheson shared the differences between acting and directing, as he detailed why the latter was exhausting. He shared: “I love storytelling and I love being an actor on a show that tells an interesting story and being a director is much more demanding and time-consuming.” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Kim Tate's new lover unveiled after split from Will [THEORY]Virgin River plot hole: Netflix fans fume over glaring medical error [BLUNDER]Virgin River season 4 theory: Charmaine to make exit [THEORY] Matheson explained: “Because you’re choosing everything that goes into production, the wardrobe, the locations, the script and any alterations to the script. “Everything is sort of focused on the director.” He admitted: “I know on Virgin River I directed four different episodes and it was exhausting because I had to act as well as prep it, shoot it, then edit it and it was very demanding.” Matheson shared he hoped he didn’t “mess up” his acting before sharing he believes the acting is what suffers. The 74-year-old added: “When I’m directing I’m watching what’s going on but if I’m acting in a scene, I can’t really sit there and watch the take so I have to rely on my cameraman or my assistant director to say ‘Yeah we got that scene.’” With season four on the horizon, bosses released a full synopsis which hinted: “While Jack is supportive and excited, the question of paternity continues to gnaw at him. “Hope is still healing from her car accident, and the lingering psychological effects of her brain injury will have profound consequences for both her and Doc.” Virgin River season 4 will premiere on Netflix on Wednesday, July 20. 