Magic Whiteboard has now become an office staple, sold all across the world. Husband and wife duo, Neil and Laura Westwood, entered into the Den in 2008 seeking an investment for £100,000 for a 15 percent equity stake in the company. The duo outranked other famous Dragon Den products like Trunki in analysis by marketing platform experts Affise. They compiled a list of the six most lucrative companies to come out of the Den over 16 series, since it started in 2005. Magic Whiteboard was one of the early pitches in 2006. But Affise said it was "the top ever brand to come out of the Den" as it "instantly grabbed the attention of the Dragons with its fool-proof simplicity". Magic Whiteboard, which the couple first created in 2006, is a roll of A1 whiteboard sheets that will stick on anything someone wants, all thanks to static. READ MORE: Woman shares way pensioners can make hundreds of pounds extra each month - ‘a win win’   In 2014, Neil and Laura regained full ownership of their Magic Whiteboard company. They went on to boost their sales from £45,000 to £1.2million a year by 2014, later buying back their shares from Meaden and Paphitis. The investors got a £800,000 return on their £100,000 investment. Theo Paphitis was able to put the product into 237 of his Ryman office stationery stores. The product is now a classroom and office staple and sold globally. By 2016 they had sold one million copies and their product continues to grow. “It is no surprise that Dragons Den continues to have young entrepreneurs flocking through its doors, despite the notoriously intimidating questions that seem to follow each pitch,” said Sam O’Brien, Chief Marketing Officer at Affise to Birmingham Live. He continued: “It is a truth commonly acknowledged that some investments have been far more successful than others, with huge brands on the shelves of many shops that initially started out in the den - with very few people being aware of it. “On the other hand, there are also many successful businesses that were actually turned down by the Dragons. "They have even gone on to be more triumphant than Deborah Meaden or Theo Paphitis could ever have imagined. "An initial TV promotion is always going to be helpful for people building new brands, which is why television shows such as Dragons' Den continue to be so important.” Dragons' Den is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.