The Queen has a select team of senior working royals that represent her abroad and complete royal duties in an official capacity. The Queen and these working royals benefit from the Sovereign Grant, an annual payment from the Government that helps to fund the Queen's official duties as Sovereign. Here's how much the Royal Family costs you as a UK taxpayer.  The Royal Household is required to be transparent with its financial operations, and its latest financial statement was published in June 2021 for the 2020 to 2021 financial year. The report outlined that the total Sovereign Grant for the year amounted to £85.9million, which is equivalent to £1.29 per person in the UK. The 2020 to 2021 total Sovereign Grant figure was up by £3.5million compared with the 2019 to 2020 figure of £82.4million.  READ MORE: Britons slam Meghan and Harry's Netflix bosses puzzled by booing The 2020 to 2021 grant also included an allocated amount for the reservicing of Buckingham Palace, as the London landmark is currently undergoing major renovations. The latest reservicing figure included in the total was £34.4million. An extra £2.3million was drawn down from the Sovereign Grant reserve, primarily to pay for the works taking place at the Palace. Buckingham Palace is undergoing updates to its electrical wiring and pipework, along with asbestos extraction and heating and plumbing renovations. With the reservicing amount subtracted from the total, the cost of the core Sovereign Grant equates to 77p per person in the UK.   Previously known as the Civil List, the Sovereign Grant is given to the Queen's household, and it is a percentage of the profits from the Crown Estate. Since King George III surrendered his income from the Crown Estate in 1760, the reigning monarch has received a fixed annual payment from the Government. Areas under the Crown Estate include parts of London like Regent Street, and much of the land has been held by the monarch for centuries. The Queen has other private sources of income, including the Duchy of Lancaster. Prince Charles also has access to the Duchy of Cornwall as the heir apparent.  DON'T MISS:Queen’s go-to takeaway she enjoys when in Balmoral [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan 'very slighted' by Charles gesture [ANALYSIS]Royal Family LIVE: Vicious Harry and Meghan divorce report crushed [LIVE] According to Statista, the total net expenditure of the UK's Royal Family funded by the Sovereign Grant and Sovereign Grant reserve has more than doubled since 2014. In 2014, the total net expenditure stood at £35.7million, increasing over the years to reach £87.5million in 2021. Since the 2017 to 2018 financial year, the royal expenditure has been larger due to the costs of reservicing Buckingham Palace.  The 2020 to 2021 Royal Household report outlined that official expenditure was more than the Sovereign Grant and the supplementary income earned, with total net expenditure standing at £87.5million. This is a 26 percent increase on the previous year, which the Royal Household attributed to a "significant increase in spending, £17.6million (an increase of 83 percent), on the reservicing of Buckingham Palace." Since 2017 the Queen has received around 25 percent of the Crown Estate profits from the previous two years instead of the usual 15 percent to pay for Buckingham Palace renovations. The remainder of the Crown Estate profits goes to the Government, and any left over from the Sovereign Grant in a given year can be put into a reserve fund. 