A driver was left “fuming” and “hungry” after a car thief who targeted his vehicle stole nothing except for a Greggs sausage roll. Other valuable items were left completely untouched including the motorist’s phone and wallet. The incident happened to a Welsh TikToker named Dean Morris. Mr Morris said that he forgot to close his car window while visiting his grandmother in Llanelli, Wales. He claimed that he was only gone for a few minutes before coming back to his vehicle and noticing that someone had been inside his car. The 27-year-old Cardiff cinema worker posted a video about his ordeal on TikTok. READ MORE: Drivers risk thousands in fines for 'common mistake' Mr Morris has over 600,000 followers and calls himself “Dheanasaur” on the social media platform. He said that in his excitement to visit his family, he completely forgot to close the car window. In a TikTok video filmed inside his car, Mr Morris said: "Someone had seen my car was open, opened my car door, seen all of the important stuff in my car and thought, 'You know what? I'm gonna have his lonesome sausage roll.' “I know I should be relieved that no one stole any important stuff. DON'T MISS Nearly 100,000 drivers at risk of losing their licence [WARNING] Platinum Jubilee traffic chaos to start today [REVEAL] Parents warned of ‘morning after’ drink driving [INSIGHT] “But this sausage roll was important to me. “I was looking forward to it. It's so typical of Llanelli." Mr Morris later told WalesOnline he couldn't believe it had happened. He said it was "the most Llanelli thing" but added that Greggs is not particularly popular in the town. He continued: “The oddest thing is if you're in Llanelli and buy a sausage roll, you buy it from Jenkins, the Llanelli pasty shop ⁠— not Greggs. “I'd bought it in the services on the way." People have suggested that the theft could have been a show of anger at Mr Morris for choosing Greggs over his local pasty shop. The Tiktoker said: "I'd agree with them but it's still my sausage roll. "As soon as I said it was in Llanelli, everyone said, 'Oh, that does happen there.' "I was only in a few minutes so it was a very swift sausage roll stealer. “I think if I reported it I might get arrested for wasting police time." Mr Morris, who makes content for Channel 4 and BBC Sesh, set off from Llanelli on an empty stomach and headed to London to attend the MCM London Comic Con convention. When he arrived he bought a Tesco £3 meal deal made up of a southern fried chicken wrap, a Wispa Gold Duo bar, and a bottle of water. He told WalesOnline: "They took the Duo off the meal deal range for a while, now it's back on. “They're playing with my emotions. “If it had been off the meal deal after the day I'd had, I think it would have tipped me over the edge."