Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries finds it odd that a “small number” of Conservative rebels “think they can overrule” the vote of 14 million Britons with a vote of confidence in Parliament set to take place later today. Boris Johnson pulled off a major victory in the 2019 general election by winning 365 seats – the highest general election result the Conservative Party had ever got since Margaret Thatcher in 1987. Now as he faces a no-confidence vote, MP Dorries is astonished that a minority of MPs can bring the motion in Parliament and potentially remove Mr Johnson from the Tory leadership and the premiership. A stunned Ms Dorries told Sky News: "I find it utterly bizarre that a small number of MPs think that they can overrule that vote, that vote of 14 million people. It’s quite something that they think they can do that. "And so, let’s get this vote done. Let’s move on tomorrow. And the prime minister is going to win comfortably tonight and we can move on." Sky News’s Political editor Beth Rigby asked Tory MP Nadine Dorries: "What does the prime minister need to get, garner in terms of support for you to feel that this matter is being put to bed and he’s safe? "Oh Beth, I’m not going to talk about numbers. If you’ve got, you know, a majority of one, that’s enough to move on." Ms Dorries said: "You know, I think the most substantial point is – or the substantive point is – there are 14 million people who voted for the prime minister in a general election – the biggest vote that the prime minister, a conservative prime minister has since Margaret Thatcher." When asked about the significant number of no-confidence letters sent in to trigger a vote, she answered: "So, there 350-plus MPs, relatively it is but anyone who says this isn’t being coordinated, isn’t being organised behind the scenes, I’m afraid, is not telling you the truth." READ MORE: 'Only serves is Labour!' Ann Widdecombe slams Tory MP no confidence "This is a very well-organised campaign. It’s a perfect storm for some. There’s Remainers who are taking in others who are disaffected, and for a number of reasons, those who lost their job in cabinet or as ministers. "And I’m afraid anyone who says this isn’t organised is not telling you the truth. It is a very well-organised campaign by a small number of individuals, some who believe they should be the next prime minister." DON'T MISS: Tory leadership hopeful Mordaunt breaks silence [REPORT]Next Prime Minister odds: The 4 top candidates to replace Boris [EXPLAINER]Gary Lineker skewers Nadine Dorries over spat with Jeremy Hunt [REPORT] "And I’m afraid we’re going to reach a point where people aren’t going to vote for the Conservative party because people don’t vote for divided parties", Ms Dorries said. The stakes are high ahead of the no-confidence vote on Boris Johnson that could either oust him or leave his stance in the party damaged. A total 180 Tory MPs' votes are required to oust Mr Johnson.