Kirstie Allsopp, 50, has said sorry after forgetting to remind fans that Channel 4’s Location, Location, Location which she presents, will be going ahead as normal despite her hospital campaigns. It comes as the television presenter is campaigning for and visiting hospitals around the country against the rigid internal regulations many patients are facing.  The star posted the message to her 427,700 followers on Twitter.  She wrote: “Argh! I Did it again! Forgot to mention @C4Locations is on telly now.  “So sorry @Channel4  hospital visiting campaigning might be taking over!”  Fans rushed to the comments to share their thoughts. READ MORE: Patriotic Kate Moss, 48, wears Union Jack ensemble for Jubilee @Minimee61 quipped: “Yes watching it now and dont forget your on the Andrew Marr show on LBC tomorrow…” Kirstie replied, saying: “Mustn’t forget, mustn’t forget, mustn’t forget.” @Elizabe91619229 wrote: “You’re doin wonderfully with your hospital campaign Kirstie. “C4Locations will continue to do well.”  @Mwgigi9 commented: “We wouldn't forget”.  It comes after certain hospitals break the COVID-19 guidance, meaning many patients aren’t allowed to see their families even though this is not explicitly stated in the rules.  Kirstie wrote earlier today: “If you’ve been struggling to get reasonable access to family in hospital & feel you just aren’t being heard contact @Charliehparker.  “He wants to hear your stories. DONT MISS: Eamonn Holmes reacts to praise over 'chemistry' with GB News co-host (PHOTOS)Amanda Holden, 50, dares to go braless in dress on chilly London day (NEWS)David Beckham sends alluring message to wife Victoria while topless (LATEST) “The only way we can change things is to shine a light on the those hospitals who are ignoring the guidance. Please RT”. @Rivavalle1 shared her own story in the comments: “My husband and I attended A&E (Hull) on Saturday in an emotional mess with our 7yo son who had been attacked by a dog. “They would only let one of us be with him and even called security to remove my husband, they have no heart.” @Mrsbettybrooks wrote: “I wasn’t allowed my husband with me at the end of Jan when I was in Hull Royal and the consultant told me I have MS. “She just came out with it, that was that, then left me alone in the cubicle.” @mcfayden57 said: “They must have their reasons and protocols etc probs not got the staff to cope. “Keep fighting but our nhs has been destroyed sadly due to the tories.” @Chris22Webb commented: “My friend and her sister just took it in turns to be ‘Jane” so they could both visit their mum. “They were wearing a face mask.  No one noticed except the lady in the next bed.”