Tom Hanks sparked concern amongst fans following his appearance at the UK screening of the film Elvis last night. The Forrest Gump star, 65, put his slimmer frame on display at the screening of the Elvis biopic at BFI Southbank in London as he took to the red carpet with his co-stars. The Forrest Gump star looked fantastic in the suit as he made an appearance at the glitzy event. Tom could be seen posing alongside Austin Butler, 30, the actor who plays Elvis Presley in the film. The Cast Away actor features in the role of Colonel Tom Parker, the rock legend's longtime manager. The star also posed with the film's director, Baz Luhrmann READ MORE: Demi Rose puts on eye-popping display in busty, barely-there top Tom looked red carpet ready as he posed up a storm in the grey suit which he paired with a black shirt. However, the star's dramatic transformation sparked concern with fans who were quick to comment on his slim frame. Twitter user @lynwis wrote: "Dear god how thin Tom Hanks looks?! "Positively sepulchral. Hope he’s a OK or is it for a film role?" (sic) @aquitainexox penned: "Wow lovely Tom Hanks looks very very thin! Hope he’s ok." While @BecksLS30 added: "I'm concerned about Tom Hanks. He looks way too thin. I hope he's ok.." Responding to a clip of the cast of Elvis receiving a standing ovation, @Kaybeevee wrote: "Wow! Also Tom Hanks is so thin." The star has previously spoken about living with Type 2 diabetes on The Late Show with David Letterman almost a decade ago, explaining how he altered his lifestyle following the diagnosis. DON'T MISS... Mel Gibson, 66, unrecognisable as he is spotted in Glasgow [INSIGHT]Trinny Woodall, 58, showcases enviable figure in half-naked post [ANALYSIS]Amanda Holden, 51, dazzles as she puts on leggy display in lilac dress [UPDATE] According to Hanks, the doctor suggested he should get down to a similar weight as he was as a teenager to rid of the disease. The star replied: "Well, I'm going to have Type 2 diabetes then, because there is no way I can weigh [what I weighed] in high school." Despite his resistance towards a massive drop in weight at the time, the actor has made several life adjustments over the years. In a past interview with the Radio Times, the Castaway star admitted he had been a “total idiot” about his weight and relationship with food. He said: “I'm part of the lazy American generation that has blindly kept dancing through the party and now finds ourselves with a malady. "I was heavy. You've seen me in movies, you know what I looked like. I was a total idiot. “I thought I could avoid it by removing the buns from my cheeseburgers," he admitted. Despite his early naivety about healthy eating, the Forrest Gump star said in the podcast the is careful about his diet, although he has a few slip ups. “I watch what I eat to a point of boredom. Every now and again I cheat to the point of self-loathing. That’s it. “So after that, have some coffee, read the paper. Get up, get the workout out of the way, take a shower," he added.