Liam Broady may be enjoying the best Grand Slam run of his career at Wimbledon, but the Brit will not see his just rewards in the men's rankings. Broady defeated No 12 seed Diego Schwartzman to reach the third round of Wimbledon for the first time in his career. The Brit had failed to get past the second round of Wimbledon on two occasions, but came off victorious in an epic five-set comeback against the Argentine. He now goes through to face either compatriot Jack Draper or Alex De Minaur in the next round. Under normal circumstances, Broady would see a huge jump in his rankings from his performance so far at Wimbledon. Ranked 137th in the world coming into Wimbledon, progressing to the third round would have seen him pick up 90 points. But the ATP and WTA announced they would be not awarding ranking points for the grasscourt slam. The decision came in response to Wimbledon banning Russian and Belarusian players in a show of solidarity with Ukraine and the ongoing war in the country. JUST IN: Katie Boulter in tears with Wimbledon win 2 days after grandma dies   Players have been outspoken on the decision from the ATP and Broady can't help but think 'what if' had the sport's governing bodies not removed ranking points. "That would be, I think, my highest jump in points score," he said. That would have likely seen him achieve a career-best rankings position just on the periphery of the top-100. Instead, Broady faces the prospect of dropping closer to 150th in the world in a big hit to his plans for the future, although he's still glad the £120,000 prize money will be available to him. "I'm losing 45 points from last year. I think I'll probably drop back now to 150," he added. "But that's kind of been the story of my year a little bit. I mean, have had good results but not quite having the points I felt I deserved. I beat two top-hundred players for the first time in Phoenix, one of them being Goffin and Rinderknech. DON'T MISS  "Made semis there. Obviously it was only a challenger, the points weren't as big as they could have been. Qualifying in Australia, I'm not sure if the points for players who qualify for slams are maybe as good as they should be. "There are usually challengers on during the weeks of slam quallies. Guys who are 300 don't play anyone ranked inside 250 that week, and can make 80 points. I think it's like 25 points for last-round quallies. It's not great. I mean, that's been the story with tennis for a long time, for lots of different reasons. "I'm just grateful to have made the third round of Wimbledon, to be honest. I'd play Wimbledon for no points and no prize money. At least I get the prize money (smiling)."