Max Bowden is the sixth actor to take on the role of Phil Mitchell's (played by Steve McFadden) only son Ben Mitchell, starring in EastEnders for the past few years. His latest emotional storyline has seen Ben facing an internal struggle as he tries to come to terms with the attack from Lewis Butler (Aiden O'Callaghan). Last week, Ben finally confided in his mum Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth), telling her exactly what happened between himself and the barman.  WARNING: This article contains spoilers from EastEnders. READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series  Actor Max Bowden, 27, is not a dad just yet but he has got a child on the way. He was previously in a relationship with Roisin Buckle, 36, up until April this year but sadly, their relationship didn't work out. According to an inside source from The Sun, there was no one else involved, "it just simply didn’t work out". Roisin took to Instagram on Sunday, May 29, though to announce that she was pregnant. She posted a long comment alongside a picture of a scan of their unborn son. Roisin wrote: "At the start of 2022 I found out at the age of 36 that I was to become a first time mum. "Being a mother was never something I gave much thought to…I had all the things I believed I wanted in life. "My cats, beautiful home, supportive friends and family and a partner I thought I had a long term future with. "It was a huge surprise to find out the big news and it was the start of a whirlwind of emotions and hormones. Lots of bloody hormones." DON'T MISS...NCIS LA’s Chri O’Donnell recalls moment wife almost got him ‘fired' [CAST]EastEnders theory: Mick Carter killed by Janine Butcher at Christmas [THEORY]EastEnders theory: Stuart Highway abandons family after fleeing [EXPLAINER] Roisin continued: "Fast forward six months…I’m now a single mum to be, very excited yet the future is all very unknown to me so I would like to document my journey. "I also hope to meet other women going through the same life changing experiences whilst hopefully inspiring women myself." She hasn't made it clear how far along she is but going by the size of her bump, it may not be too long to go before they welcome their child into the world. It has been reported that Bowden and Roisin have remained friends and want to co-parent their son. In the next episode of EastEnders which will air on Monday, June 13, Ben is going to open up once again. This time, it will be to his lifelong friend Jay Mitchell (Jamie Borthwick) who he confided in about being the Walford Attacker a few weeks ago. So how is Jay going to react this time around when he discovers that Ben is now the victim? EastEnders airs four nights a week at 7.30pm on BBC One.