  Channel 5 News reporter Dan Walker dodged a question about his salary in a new interview. The former BBC Breakfast star suggested that speculation he was receiving £1.5million for his news role was “so wrong”.      Dan, 45, was asked what “first attracted him to the £1.5 million a year news reading gig at Channel 5?” At this, the presenter laughed and insisted: “I’ll answer anything, except about money. “It really makes me laugh how you guys love to speculate and you always get it so wrong.” Asked if he was earning even more, he replied: “Nooo! Ha ha ha! No!” READ MORE: Elton John ‘booed by crowd’ at farewell tour after Newcastle quip     Dan went on to explain: “This should never be about money. Especially when people are struggling. Let’s just say I’m privileged to do this job. “And I always get asked about how much I earn, but never how much I give away.” - please paraphrase as we can only use 3/4 lines of text from The Times Dan has previously denied reports that he left BBC Breakfast to pocket a larger salary. He affirmed this in the interview, where he explained his reasons behind the move.      “This might sound trite or American, but in life there are people who make your day slightly better or worse, people who will make you feel uncomfortable or diminished, or make you feel 10ft tall. “I want to be that guy, who delivers the news with feeling, the one who makes them feel good,” he told The Times. The Strictly Come Dancing star has previously expressed how his new high earrings have made him feel slightly uneasy. He said: “I hate talking about money. I feel uncomfortable that I get paid a lot to do a job I love. READ MORE... Ex-Olympic swimmer Sharron Davies calls for transgender ban [LATEST] Johnny Depp warns fans to 'remain cautious' after Amber Heard trial [NEWS] 'Never understood people obsessed with money', says Beatles' star's ex [NEWS]      “I remember the first day a national newspaper published what I earned on the front page. That was awful. “I am embarrassed by the amount I earn." He claimed his parents had no money while he was growing up, and all his clothes were hand-me-downs. “At a time when people are struggling to put food on the table, it's horrible to have your salary on the front page,” he added to the Daily Mail's Weekend magazine.      Following rumours that his move away from the BBC was money motivated, Dan took to Instagram ahead of his new Channel 5 dig to set things straight. He wrote at the time: “It is often the case that the simple truth is much duller than all the made-up ‘moles’ and so-called ‘sources’ claim. “In a nutshell… a bloke with a really good job, which he loved, got offered a really good job somewhere else which provided an amazing new challenge and the opportunity to make some exciting telly. “The bloke explained to his current employers that, even though it was a tough decision, he had decided to leave. “They are now trying their best to allow him to make a dignified departure,” he continued. “Have a lovely Monday. I’m off to have some toast.” 5 News airs weeknights at 5pm on Channel 5.   