Rev Richard Coles, 60, has addressed his retirement from the Church of England earlier this year and the motivations behind it. The broadcaster said some churches became more conservative and fundamentalist, meaning gay people were not made to feel comfortable in such environments. He said those churches are now “places where gay people are not welcome, [which] rules me out". Richard went on to compare the support received by Jake Daniels, the Blackpool FC footballer who recently publicly came out as gay, with the reception inside Anglicanism. He explained: “You’d think football would be very resistant, but it’s changing. “And yet the Church of England – an organisation committed to celebrating love and decency and dignity – finds itself unable to do so when people are of the same sex. READ MORE: Kirstie Allsopp blasts commentator for 'clearly loathing' Royal Family “It’s depressing, ” he added to Radio Times. The first person who Richard ever came out to was his mother, in 1978, when he was 16. Richard had a celibate relationship with David Coles (né Oldham), and lived with him until his death in December 2019. The Church of England has allowed priests to enter a civil partnership since 2005. Richard has previously candidly spoken about David’s death, which came after his long battle with an illness. He said David’s final moments were "full of comedy" despite his lengthy fight. Richard announced David’s death in 2019 in a Twitter post where he thanked the "brilliant teams" who looked after him at Kettering General Hospital. Alongside a picture of the pair, Richard wrote: “I’m very sorry to say that @RevDavidColes has died. DON'T MISS...Liz Hurley, 56, celebrates Platinum Jubilee in tiny white bikini [LATEST]Tom Hanks's 'loneliness of marriage' laid bare [INSIGHT]Dan Walker makes jibe at Rod Stewart's 'baffling' Jubilee performance [UPDATE] “He had been ill for a while. Thanks to the brilliant teams who looked after him at @KettGeneral. “Funeral details to follow. “‘The Lord shall be thine everlasting light, and the days of thy mourning shall be ended’.” The couple lived together with their dogs in their vicarage in Northamptonshire, where Richard recently retired as a vicar. In a 2021 interview, Richard looked back on the happy times he shared with David. "David's death was actually full of comedy, which made me and him laugh when he was in a fit state to appreciate what was going on," he said. "Medics, undertakers and clergy have a black sense of humour, but I’m not sure it’s something for public consumption!" Richard's full interview is available to read now in Radio Times.