Drama series Sherwood launched this week and continues this evening (June 14) on BBC One at 9pm. The show follows a police investigation follows a series of deaths which rock an old mining town with old wounds reopened and an already divided community shattered. Playwright James Graham, who hails from the Nottinghamshire town, was loosely inspired by two killings and subsequent manhunts in 2004. Sherwood was inspired by the real-life manhunts of Robert Boyer who killed Keith "Froggy" Frogson, and separately Terry Rodgers who murdered his daughter Chanel Taylor. Former miner Boyer, who continued to work during the strike of 1984, killed Frogson, who was a prominent member of the National Union of Miners. The two men are reported to have clashed previously with Boyer being a member of rival organisation the Union of Democratic Mineworkers, according to the Daily Mail. Initially, it was thought their mining history was the reason for the killing but this was later ruled out. Instead, Boyer was suffering from poor mental health and started having delusions Frogson was going to dismantle his home brick by brick. After the killing, Boyer went off to the local woods while a manhunt was launched to find him. During this intense hunt involving 600 officers, Boyer returned to the village to set fire to his victim’s house two weeks after the killing. Boyer was found in a makeshift shelter in the woods and was convicted of manslaughter after pleading guilty at Nottingham Crown Court. At the time, prosecutor Andrew Easteal told the court: "He had developed a fixation with Mr Frogson. He was obsessed with the idea that Mr Frogson was persecuting him and trying to damage his home. "Mr Frogson was completely innocent of this and had no idea what Boyer was thinking, or the delusions he was suffering." Easteal went on to say: "It was suggested initially that the origin of this tragedy had something to do with the miners' strike. "May I make it absolutely clear that suggestion is wholly wrong. It has no basis in fact. "The reason for that misunderstanding stems from the fact that Boyer was a miner and worked through the strike and Frogson was a leading member of the NUM. "But Boyer was quite oblivious to this until after the arrest. The fixation had nothing whatsoever to do with that. He was having entirely fanciful beliefs about what he believed Mr Frogson was doing." After initially going to prison, Boyer was then issued with an indefinite hospital order. Instead, Boyer was suffering from poor mental health and started having delusions Frogson was going to dismantle his home brick by brick. After the killing, Boyer went off to the local woods while a manhunt was launched to find him. During this intense hunt involving 600 officers, Boyer returned to the village to set fire to his victim’s house two weeks after the killing. Boyer was found in a makeshift shelter in the woods and was convicted of manslaughter after pleading guilty at Nottingham Crown Court. Separately, Rogers shot his daughter Chanel weeks after her wedding and police investigators said he never gave a reason or motive and "none was ever uncovered”, BBC News reported. Rogers had moved from South Normanton, Derbyshire to live with Chanel in Huthwaite, Nottinghamshire. After the murder, Rogers fled to the same woodlands as Boyer, near the village of Annesley Woodhouse. Rogers died in 2006 in Lincoln County Hospital after he went on hunger strike and was moved there from Lincoln Prison. Sherwood’s creator and writer Graham said: “Sherwood is essentially a six-part thriller, but it’s hugely personal to me and inspired in part by real events in my hometown in Nottinghamshire. “It is a contemporary drama and at its heart are two devastating killings which spark a massive manhunt and shatter a community that is already fractured after the divisive effect of the miners' strike 40 years before.” The acclaimed writer said he was “deeply affected” by the real killings which partly inspired the story of Sherwood. Graham did a lot of research and was in consultation with first victim’s family, but stressed Sherwood was not “directly adapted from their story” and in fact features different characters. Reflecting on fictionalising the drama, Graham said: “Consulting with those closest to events in my research it just felt right to fictionalise elements of their stories. “Also, I think no community is defined by a single experience or a single story, and nor should it be. “There are the community's economic stories to do with the closing of the mines, there are police stories involving spy cops, and there are these devastating killings, both unrelated, but at first seemingly related. “There are a whole number of human experiences that I wanted to combine to get a complete picture of a place.” He added: “So, I think it was the moral thing to do in terms protecting the people who I care about, and coming from that community, politically, I wanted to tell something that I felt represented it.” Sherwood airs on BBC One on Mondays and Tuesdays at 9pm and is available as a boxset on BBC iPlayer