Reports in France claim Manchester United have considered a shock move for Borussia Dortmund centre-back Dan-Axel Zagadou. The 23-year-old defender is said to have 'aroused' several English clubs including the Red Devils as he prepares to embark on a new challenge this summer when his current contract expires. Zagadou joined Dortmund in 2017 from Paris Saint-Germain but he has failed to fulfil his potential in the Bundesliga as he ponders a departure. Yet his ceiling remains high and for that reason, he represents an attractive option for clubs looking to sign a central defender this window. According to French outlet Foot Mercato, Nice are looking to snap up the services of the former France U21 international when his deal expires. But they are not the only club monitoring the situation with United said to be among those to have shown surprise interest in Zagadou. READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signings United are looking to sign a new centre-back for Erik ten Hag before the start of the 2022/23 season and Ajax's Lisandro Martinez is one of the names on their radar. However, Arsenal appear to be in the driving seat for the Argentine after seeing an opening offer of £25m rejected by the Dutch champions. It could prompt United to look elsewhere and with Zagadou available on a free transfer, he is reportedly one of many options under consideration. The player himself has already talked up a return to France though, which is his most likely destination. DON'T MISS MORE UNITED GOSSIPCristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signingsMan Utd board 'in talks' over surprise first signing to kickstart Erik ten Hag eraWhat Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told Frenkie de Jong to spark dramatic transfer U-turn He recently told beIN SPORTS: “A return to Ligue 1? Sure. In addition, I went abroad very young, so it would do me good to return to France. Everything is possible, I don't put up any barriers." Earlier in the window, United were working on deals for Jurrien Timber and Pau Torres but interest has seemingly cooled. The young Dutchman is prepared to stay at Ajax for at least another season to bolster his chances of making Louis van Gaal's World Cup squad. He wants to play alongside Virgil van Dijk in Holland's back-three and has been warned minutes will be key in the build-up to the tournament. DON'T MISS: Taylor's Transfers - Liverpool clause boost, Arsenal priority deals, Armando Broja view on West Ham offer  Meanwhile, Torres is an option that remains on the table if United are prepared to pay up to £45m for the Spaniard. The Villarreal defender has also attracted interest from Tottenham and Chelsea in recent transfer windows. United remain in talks with Barcelona over a deal for Frenkie de Jong and there is confidence he will join the Red Devils come the end of the transfer window. Old Trafford chiefs are also working on moves for Antony and Watford goalkeeper Daniel Bachmann.