Ruth Langmore (played by Julia Garner) got to spend one more family gathering of sorts in Ozark season four when the likes of Russ (Marc Menchaca) and Cade Langmore (Trevor Long) all returned in the form of a vision by the Netflix series stalwart. While fans were overjoyed to see the characters return, albeit in a hallucination, showrunner Chris Mundy has now spoken out on how bringing certain characters back has been in the pipeline for a while but the writers decided not to before the fourth and final run. When asked what the significance of bringing the Langmore’s bobcats back for Ruth’s vision in season four was, Mundy explained: “I think to me, they symbolise her uncles who she killed and who are out there in her subconscious for sure. “She set them free after all that stuff happened,” Mundy went on, referring to her uncles’ demise at her hands when she attempted to save Marty (Jason Bateman). He went on: “It’s just one of those things, it’s like her past, what does she want to have catch up to her or not? “And are they really out there in the world or are they gone forever?” READ MORE: Ozark's Jason Bateman's major next role confirmed after Netflix finale While the hallucination sequence certainly added an emotional note in the fourth and final season, Mundy went on to reveal that he and the writers initially planned to have it involved much earlier. Detailing the axed Ruth scene, Mundy went on to Gold Derby: “We toyed with bringing those bobcats back at the end of season two in a sort of similar way. “But we ended up not doing it, so it was nice to - you know, when you’re finishing up a show, it’s kind of like every little thread that’s out there in the world, it’s something that you have in your pocket if you want to go back to it.” While the bobcats’ return alongside the likes of Russ and Cade Langmore was undoubtedly a highlight of the episode in question, it wasn’t the biggest talking point. That came thanks to Ruth’s quest for vengeance and the murder of cartel lieutenant Javi (Alfonso Herrera). Ruth shot Javi at point-blank range in retaliation for him murdering her cousin Wyatt (Charlie Tahan) as he was caught in the crossfire of Javi’s shooting of Darlene Snell (Lisa Emery). Explaining why the murder of Javi occurred so suddenly in the second part of Ozark season four, Mundy explained: “We tend to in general with our storytelling to not drag things out. “It’s been more important to us to like have something happen and go after the emotional fallout of it. DON'T MISS:Ozark theory: Fans convinced Jonah shot Ben's ashes after weather clueOzark plot hole: Wendy's part in Javi death debunked as fans question Ozark's Cade Langmore star shares real reason Three was final Langmore “So, in general, it was just in keeping with the DNA of the show. “I also just think because of the way we knew the story was gonna go, it was one of those things where… we wanted Ruth to be very choiceful.” Mundy added he didn’t want the second part of season four to follow Ruth toying with making a choice but rather the repercussions of such a decision. In the end, it was a choice that would only end in one result for Ruth - her own demise. Javi’s mum and new cartel head Camila (Veronica Falcon) discovered Ruth’s murder of her son after intimidating pharmaceutical giant and new Byrde ally Clare Shaw (Katrina Lenk). In true Ruth fashion, she remained hardened and sharp-tongued before Camila pulled the trigger and shot her in the chest at her own home. Elsewhere, both Marty (Jason Bateman) and Wendy Byrde (Laura Linney) made it to the end of the series alive and with children Jonah (Skylar Gaertner) and Charlotte (Sofia Hublitz) well and truly onside - creating a formidable and criminal family unit. Ozark seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix now.