Mercedes have changed their views on F1’s bouncing issues as the team realise Lewis Hamilton and George Russell are uncompetitive with the problem, according to F1 reporter Tom Clarkson. He said Mercedes and the other teams voted not to change ride height rules ahead of the season to stop issues with porpoising. However, Clarkson claims it’s just a case of people who aren't winning races demanding change. Speaking on the F1 Nation podcast, he said: “There is now this big political battle about people wanting to get the FIA to stipulate a minimum ride height to stop the cars bouncing, “What I find interesting in that is all the teams voted not to do that before the start of the season, Mercedes included. They went to the vote and said shall we stop this porpoising by raising the ride height and they all said no. “And now it's become a thing and of course the people that are winning don't want to change, the people who aren't winning do want to change. I don't know where it will end really.” READ MORE: Hamilton concussion fears raised with woes set to continue in Canada Mercedes’ George Russell addressed the pre-season vote at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix. He admitted he understood Mercedes voted against changes despite wanting to change the rules now. He said: “I think that was totally understandable because every single team is understanding and developing their cars around a set of regulations and any change, nobody knows what is going to be the consequences. And even us, I think we voted against it. And even now, we want change but who knows what that change is.” However, Russell complained about porpoising all weekend in Baku, claiming “something will happen” if no changes are made. Ahead of the Azerbaijan Grand Prix, Toto Wolff seemed to demand changes on safety grounds. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton shares why his car was worse than George Russell's  [INSIGHT]Ralf Schumacher brands Lewis Hamilton a 'big loser' with two excuses [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton fears devastating 180mph crash due to Mercedes issues [ANALYSIS] He said: “I think that most of the drivers have now come to the conclusion that it’s really bad. The regulations will follow for many years. It’s the moment now to say that is a real issue and what can we do to lift everybody up.” However, those who have benefited from the new regulations are against the changes. Red Bull boss Christian Horner said he would tell his drivers to “b****” about the new rules if his team were struggling and accused Mercedes of playing games. Horner said: “Tell them (the drivers) to b*itch as much as they could over the radio and make as big an issue out of it as they possibly could. It’s part of the game. Look, it is uncomfortable but there are remedies to that but it’s detrimental to car performance. “What’s the easiest thing to do? Complain from a safety point of view, but each team has a choice.”