Liverpool have experienced vastly contrasting contract talks with star forwards Sadio Mane and Mohamed Salah, according to reports. Mane has apparently made clear that he wants to leave the Reds this summer after six years at the club. The prolific striker has been strongly linked with a switch to Bayern Munich in a deal that could happen over the coming weeks. Mane has just a year remaining on his Liverpool contract, as does strike partner Salah. Liverpool have been desperate to tie them down to new deals given their respective roles in the club’s rise under Jurgen Klopp. The duo combined to score 54 goals across all competitions last term. They helped the Anfield outfit win two trophies, reach three finals and ensured that the Premier League title race went down to the final day. But the club’s hierarchy have experienced contrasting fortunes while discussing new contracts with Mane and Salah. While the latter has at least engaged in talks despite an agreement not yet being reached, Mane has apparently been adamant that he wants to leave. JUST IN: Liverpool star Van Dijk gives verdict on Man Utd target De Jong That is according to the Daily Telegraph, who report that a switch to Bayern could happen very soon. Mane has offered several hints about his future, including telling journalists while on international duty that he will do what the Senegal population wants - after a poll voted “60 to 70 per cent” in favour of him departing. "Like everyone else, I'm on social media and I see the comments. Isn't it between 60 to 70 per cent of Senegalese that want me to leave Liverpool?,” he said in a Senegal press conference. "I will do what they want. We will see soon! Don't be in a hurry because we'll see this together." DON'T MISS...Liverpool star Sadio Mane has five options if Bayern falls throughLiverpool can make four ambitious signings to replace Sadio ManeLiverpool can replace Mane with player deemed perfect 'fit' for Klopp The report also suggests that Bayern are hoping for some kind of favour from Liverpool after selling Thiago Alcantara to Merseyside in a cut-price £19.3m transfer two years ago. Mane’s inevitable departure will leave Klopp searching for a new forward, and he will hope that Salah makes good on his promise to remain for at least one more season. The Egyptian has insisted that he will remain at Anfield next term but there is yet to be an agreement between the club and the player. Wide reports have suggested that there is quite some distance between Salah’s demands and what Liverpool are prepared to pay. That could see him leave on a free transfer in 12 months' time.