Teen actor Tyler Sanders has died at the age of just 18. The star’s cause of death is currently unknown and an investigation is underway into the circumstances. The actor was found dead at his home in Los Angeles, according to reports. An autopsy will be conducted and there will be an investigation in the coming days, TMZ reported. A representative for Tyler, Pedro Tapia, told the publication that the teenager will be remembered as "a good kid who came from a good family". His last appearance online came just five days ago, when he shared photos to Instagram of himself wearing a blue suit, captioning his pic: "Styling". READ MORE: Piers Morgan and wife Celia in rare appearance at Ascot Following the news of his death, tributes have poured in for the on-screen star. Twitter user @Jay wrote: "Rest peacefully Tyler Sanders." @Carisa penned: "Omg. So young!!! Heartbreaking news." @Irene commented: "Condolences to his family during this time." @ayersdomm added: "So very young, gone to soon.... rip Tyler." The teen actor is best known for his roles on the small screen in 911: Lone Star with Rob Lowe and Fear the Walking Dead with Kim Dickens. In addition, he was in The Rookie as well as Just Add Magic season one. He landed an Emmy nomination for his role on the Amazon series, Just Add Magic: Mystery City. DON'T MISS... Jacquie Beltrao posts from hospital as she's inundated with support[LATEST]Noel Gallagher slams 'f***ing royalists' getting day off work[ROYALS]Gogglebox star Mary Killen 'vomited for days' after health scare[HEALTH] Tyler began acting professionally aged ten, just after starring in JLW Academy and the short Little Socrates. When Tyler was not on set, he could often be found posting about his life and fitness journey on Instagram, where he had amassed over 12,000 followers. His career was just starting to take off before his death, but he was still able to amass a small fortune due to his previous roles. While his exact net worth is unclear, it is said to be between $250,000 and $300,000, according to reports. Prior to his death, he was working on the upcoming play, Shock!, and the film, The Price We Pay, which are both scheduled to be released in 2022.