All Creatures Great and Small is returning to Channel 5 this autumn and will focus on how Siegfried Farnon (played by Samuel West), James Herriot (Nicholas Ralph), Tristan Farnon (Callum Woodhouse) and the other residents deal with the pressures of the upcoming war. However, a new theory from Express.co.uk could see Mrs Hall (Anna Madely) and Siegfried embark on a romance together after their chemistry began to flourish in the previous season. In the latest series, viewers began to notice the chemistry between Siegfried and Mrs Hall and were eager to see the pair explore their relationship. Despite Siegfried showing an interest in old friend Diana Brompton (Dorothy Atkinson), the real love story is closer to Mrs Hall. The real Siegfried Farnon, who the character is based on, Donald Sinclair, his wife's name was Audrey. Mrs Hall's first name is Audrey however, she rarely uses it, but could this see Mrs Hall and Siegfried get together in the upcoming series? READ MORE: Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser Could the pair's bond become stronger as they lean on one another due to the war ahead? Speaking at the BFI and Radio Times Television Festival, Anna Madeley touched on their dynamic and how she loved their dynamic. She explained: "It is a really fun dynamic to play because from the get-go, you know, they don't always play by the rules in terms of her being an employee. "Obviously, I get James down, and I think it is a question we always ask about what are the correct behaviours and what rules are we breaking. "And also as that friendship blossoms, it adds a delightful amount of complexity to it, where are you, friends? Where are your work colleagues? Where are you, boss and employee? Where are you, parents? They have so many different relationships." Executive producer Melissa Gallant touched on the decision to bring their relationship closer and added: "It's such an unusual setup. "You live, and you work there, it is also sitting having breakfast with your boss, but the thought, I think that's what makes it so complicated. "It's a home, a place of work, but also Siegfried runs the business but also runs the house, I think more than that, developing Mrs Hall's character is also a celebration of women, isn't it? DON'T MISS...All Creatures Great and Small's Rachel Shenton on Helen moving [INSIGHT]All Creatures Great and Small season 3: Is Mrs Hall still married? [LATEST]All Creatures Great and Small's Nicholas Ralph jibes at co-star  [MORE] "She is running this house, and that is a complicated and difficult job that I would probably moan about if it had to do that now, and we didn't want a character that moaned about it but loved it. "She knows how to handle Seigfried, she brings James into the family, only two of them are related, but it makes them a family and makes a house a home. "I think that younger character, we didn't want that tea tray shuffling slightly older housekeeper cliche, so it's really, it is a really fundamental role in the show and in the spirit of the show." Anna continued: "Sam (West) said a really lovely thing about opposites and how Siegfried Farnon has been through the war and sees the worst in people but loves animals. "Part of his connection with animals is in that opposite, and it struck me with Mrs Hall that she hasn't been able to have that family life that she dreamt of. "She has been able to create it here with these guys, and it's a really lovely other side, having her dream knocked out, it is coming through another way." Could Mrs Hall finally get her happy ending with Siegfried in Skeldale house? All Creatures Great and Small is available to watch on My5.