Holiday season is underway across the UK, and with the school holidays looming, millions of Britons will be setting off on the road for a much-needed staycation. Roof racks are a must-have addition for any large group struggling to pack everything into one car, but are they really harmless for your vehicle? Here’s what you need to know about roof racks and how they can impact your car, driving, and even your wallet. Roof racks are safe to use as long as you choose the correct size and style to suit your vehicle. With that said, it is possible for this handy contraption to cause some damage to your car. This can happen as a result of improper installation, a loose fitting or even by carrying an excessive load fixed onto the racks. However, if you install the roof rack properly, you should not have any problems with carrying bikes or a box on the rack. READ MORE: EV drivers urged to use charging points properly to avoid fines While a safe and secure roof rack is unlikely to leave your car worse for wear, there are a few things to consider before installing one. Staggering fuel prices are already tough to contend with while driving a lightweight vehicle, so you will likely feel the pinch much more quickly with a full load. In an experiment conducted by WhichCar TV, it concluded that adding a roof rack and bike carrier attachment to a car required 0.6 litres more fuel per 100km. Adding two full-sized bikes to the mix required an extra 1.4 litres of fuel for the same 100km lap. While the roof rack alone does increase fuel consumption by a fraction, travelling with a full load can have a significant impact on the cost of your journey. Even the most streamlined designs will be impacted by the weight of a roof rack on top of the vehicle. The racks increase the wind resistance of the vehicle while driving, making each journey that little bit less efficient while travelling with a full load attached to the bars. Not only will this have an impact on your fuel economy, but also make for a much louder journey - especially on high-speed roads. While there are aerodynamic varieties of roof racks available, the reduction in wind resistance is often minimal. DON'T MISS:MG owners unsure whether they can use their car’s roof rack [INSIGHT]Drivers could be fined £5,000 by installing a bike rack this summer [REVEAL]Bank holiday driving checklist [ANALYSIS] Travelling at high speeds doesn’t always feel as intense while travelling with a loaded roof rack. Increased drag can make your car feel harder to drive at high speeds without fully pushing down on the acceleration. A lightweight vehicle with an empty roof rack will feel the impact more even without a heavy load, though larger cars are unlikely to notice a difference while driving at the national speed limit.  The impact of roof racks on your vehicle isn’t entirely negative, in fact, there are a few benefits of installing one which are often overlooked. Most roof racks are made out of the most durable materials, such as alloy rims of aluminium and steel or the best polymers. The presence of these materials makes the racks last longer and have better all-weather resistance. With prolonged life, they are likely to cover your journeys all year-round.   Reducing your visibility while driving is extremely dangerous both for you, and other drivers on the road. While packing up the car with excess luggage is one way to avoid using a roof rack, it can often block your rear-view mirror and make the car feel hot and stuffy. Roof racks are an anti-clogging solution to distribute the weight of your luggage while making your car safer and more comfortable to drive.