Donny Osmond has recalled how his wife Debbie Osmond "hated" watching him kiss his co-star while he was performing as Gaston in a Broadway run of Beauty and the Beast. However, the singer, 64, revealed that following the kiss, his wife was delighted to watch him be slapped by his co-star, who was starring as Belle on stage. Donny played the role of the arrogant villain in 2006 on New York's Broadway. In a new interview, the Soldier of Love hitmaker opened up about a particular moment in the musical, revealing his wife of 44 years was less than happy. He said: "You know the kissing scene where I force a kiss onto Belle and then she slaps me? "My wife hated the kissing scene but she loved it when she slapped me," he explained as both he and the podcast host burst into laughter. READ MORE: Piers Morgan fumes Heard and Depp trial 'should not have been televise "I mean, that makes total sense!" Kevin Pollack said on his Broadway World podcast. Donny has been married to wife Debbie Osmond since 1978. Together they share five sons, Don, Jeremy, Brandon, Christopher, and Joshua. Elsewhere in the interview, the star recalled how he received a warning from his boss to not return to the Broadway show following a mistake he had made on stage. The Puppy Love hitmaker explained that during a Broadway performance of Beauty and the Beast, he broke the "fourth wall rule." Donny said that his boss warned him back-stage that if he ever did it again, he should not “come back”. The singer said that a fan in the audience screamed his name and when he responded he broke the "fourth wall." He said: “I probably shouldn’t disclose this. DON'T MISS...Queen removed beloved aide over unauthorised action 'Was cancelled' [ANALLYSIS]Shakira looks downcast in first outing since split from Gerard Piqué [UPDATE]APITS's Jonnie Irwin shares wife's awkward wardrobe malfunction abroad [INSIGHT] “But during the run of Beauty and the Beast, this fan out in the audience said: ‘I love you Donny!’ “Everybody starts laughing - and I’m in character. “There’s a fourth wall. I broke the fourth wall. I shouted back: ‘I love you too!’” he added. He said that he actively left the stage and went to hug the audience member, while everyone laughed and clapped. The stage actor said that after the show was over, the company manager walked up to him and said, "Mr. Osmond, if you ever jump out into the audience again like that, don’t come back." Donny explained he initially thought his manager was joking, but he insisted he was just having fun.