Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge currently divide their time between Kensington Palace and Anmer Hall in Norfolk. But the future King and Queen are said to be looking to move to Adelaide Cottage in Windsor, which is just a stone's throw away from several other royal residences. A source told The Sun: "Kate and William were very keen for a modest home to start their new lives in Windsor. "Adelaide Cottage fits the bill because it is a four-bedroom home and they do not need any more as they have no live-in staff." The end of this school term could signal a major change for the Cambridge children, with PEOPLE reporting that Prince George and Princess Charlotte will leave their current school, Thomas's Battersea, and enrol in a school near Windsor. Express.co.uk outlines some of the royal neighbours Kate and William might encounter if they move to Adelaide Cottage. READ MORE: Outrageous claim Kate & William fed up with Meghan  Adelaide Cottage is located in Windsor Home Park, along with another famous royal residence, Frogmore Cottage. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex spend most of their time at their mansion in Montecito, California nowadays, but they count Frogmore Cottage in Windsor as their main UK residence. Harry and Meghan hosted a first birthday party for their daughter Lilibet at the residence earlier this month during their visit for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, so it could be that the Sussexes return to the UK more frequently in the future.  The Duke of York currently resides at the Royal Lodge in Windsor, a home previously inhabited by the late Queen Mother and King George VI when they were the Duke and Duchess of York. The home is Andrew's family base and he receives visits from his ex-wife Sarah Ferguson and their two daughters, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie. The Royal Lodge is located in Windsor Great Park, which is adjacent to Windsor Home Park where Adelaide Cottage is situated within. DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Harry irrelevant! William's 'brutal' Megxit verdict [LIVE]Kate and William's new home to spark 'tension' with Meghan and Harry [INSIGHT]Royal fans rejoice over Kate Middleton in Westminster roundtable [ANALYSIS]  The Queen's youngest son Prince Edward and his wife Sophie, Countess of Wessex live in Bagshot Park, which is also located within Windsor Great Park. The sprawling mansion is Grade-II listed, and the Wessexes live there with their children, Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn. By moving to Adelaide Cottage, Kate and William will be only a short drive away from the Wessex family.  Adelaide Cottage is located less than a mile from Windsor Castle, the Queen's historic fortress in Berkshire. For many years now, Windsor Castle has been the Queen's main residence, and she spent the UK lockdown there with her beloved late husband, Prince Philip. As a King-in-waiting, Prince William may wish to be closer to the Queen, 96, to support her with royal duties now she is experiencing episodic mobility problems. 