On Jeremy Vine's Channel 5 show, he told viewers how a listener had outlined the council tax rebate offered by the Government would take "four or five days" to appear in people’s bank accounts as it was to be given as a cheque. Mr Vine described how the listener said people would go to the pawnbrokers to get cash quickly to tide them over while they waited for the money to appear, adding "there was a queue of people" outside the pawnbrokers.   Mr Vine said: "I was shocked to do an item a couple of weeks ago that was about people being given the council tax rebate. "In some areas you can get it by cheque, and you can pay it into your bank account but it takes four or five days to appear if you do that. "So, these people were going to the pawnbroker because it gave them cash instantly but with 15 percent off. "They were getting £130 instead of £150 but they got it easily and instantly. "And when this listener on my radio show went to the pawnbroker, there was a queue of people with their cheques. And it is just worth remembering other lives."    The devastating story comes as inflation hit a 40-year-high today, according to the Office for National Statistics. Inflation rose again to 9.1 percent, deepening the squeeze felt by households across the UK as they struggle with the cost of living crisis. But Downing Street has argued it would be "reckless" to raise public sector pay in line with inflation. The Prime Minister's official spokesman stressed the Government does want to reward workers in the public sector with a pay rise, but warned against"chasing inflation", which he said could lead to people's take-home wages counting for less. READ MORE: Asda shoppers change behaviour at checkouts over cost of living [REVEAL]   However, Rishi Sunak defended the triple lock pension system that will see pensions rise in line with the soaring inflation. The measures will hopefully alleviate some of the pressure of the cost of living crisis for those beyond the working age. The Chancellor said that unlike pay increases, a major hike in pensions would not lead to inflation in the wider economy. He said: "It's right that we reward our hard-working public sector workers with a pay rise, but that needs to be proportionate and balanced with the need not to make the inflationary pressures worse and also to see what's affordable for the taxpayer. "The slight difference with pensions is that pensions are not input costs into the cost of producing goods and services that we all consume, so they don't add to inflation in the same way." DON'T MISS: Eamonn Holmes opens up on ‘hard’ time facing children [REPORT] Brexit backing Londoners voice concern over cost of living crisis [INSIGHT] Inflation set to rise tomorrow [REVEAL]   Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab also defended the Government's policy on pensions and public sector wages. He said today: "They (pensioners) are particularly vulnerable and they are disproportionately affected by the increase in energy costs which we know everyone is facing." The Government had committed £37 billion to help people cope with rising costs, he said, but "at the same time we have got to stop making the problem worse by fuelling pay demands that will only see inflation stay higher for longer and that only hurts the poorest the worst". The Downing Street spokesman dismissed accusations that the triple lock could fuel intergenerational development, adding: "We will keep explaining to the public why we think this is the right approach, and we are confident that the public will understand that it would long term have a bigger impact on their take-home pay if we were to take actions - reckless actions - now that could spike inflation.” READ NEXT: Malone savages pension system discriminating older OAPs Aldi and Lidl boost sales as shoppers feel the pinchPOLL: Is it fair for state pension to increase 10 percent next year...TEACHERS threaten to strike as they demand 'inflation-plus' pay riseInflation rates in Europe by country  