Now summer's here millions of music lovers are heading to festivals across the nation, and for those wanting to maintain their healthy eating throughout the jam-packed few days, a nutritionist has advised that "preparation is key" for an enjoyable time. While everyone looks forward to summer festivals, there are some health risks people need to be aware of as the warmer weather gets even hotter. Dehydration, fatigue and hunger are listed as some of the most common health risks experienced at festivals so Aldi and nutritionist Lily Soutter nutritionist Lily Soutter, have outlined the best foods for a "fabulous and fit" festival experience for all at a reasonable price. "To optimise the festival experience, maximising energy with the right fuel is a must," Lily said. "Summer festivals can be fun, but the long days, lack of sleep and alcohol can leave us feeling tired and under the weather." READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake She explained: "Treating our body well by having the right snacks to hand whilst staying hydrated can support our digestive health and mood, both of which are needed for festival fun. "Opting for practical and easy-to-transport fibre-rich, wholegrain carbohydrates, healthy fats such as avocado, and high-quality protein can help to provide longer-lasting energy whilst keeping hunger at bay." Lily recommended: "Start your day the right way with a hearty breakfast to keep your energy high." It may be tempting to rely on quick-fix foods for energy but these can lead to blood sugar highs and lows, resulting in energy slumps and even that ‘hangry’ feeling. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Hydration is key during festivals, particularly when people are drinking alcohol and dancing for hours. "Dehydration can lead to fatigue, lack of concentration, headaches, dizziness, and light headedness," Lily warned. "Water is a great first choice for hydration, but if looking for something more flavoursome with a nutrient hit, you could consider vitamin water." Try Harvest Morn Instant Oat Pot - 29p, 50g Lentil Hoops come with 12.7g more protein per 100g in comparison to regular hoops, and protein plays a role in keeping hunger at bay, whilst supporting with recovery from all that active festival fun. They're also easy to transport and can be enjoyed on the go. Try Foodie Market Lentil Hoops - 59p, 23g READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim During festivals, it can be a challenge to tick to the five-a-day guidelines. "Try packing fruits with a thicker skin that acts like natural packaging like the oranges or bananas," Lily said. "Bananas provide a natural energy boost, along with electrolyte minerals such as potassium while oranges provide a fibre hit and are an excellent source of vitamin C to support immunity and fight fatigue." "Avocados really are a superpower when it comes to festival foods, and their thick skin makes them easy to transport," the expert noted. "Full of healthy fats, fibre, vitamin E and even potassium, they can be enjoyed with any meal." Avocados are rich in heart-healthy monounsaturated fats and make a perfect replacement for butter or mayonnaise. Lily suggested smashing them onto wholemeal bread with a sprinkle of chilli flakes for a delicious breakfast with long-lasting energy or try blending into tuna for a "healthy and tasty alternative to mayonnaise". "If hunger strikes and you’re not close to lunch or dinner, a snack bar with protein may help to curb those hunger pangs whilst deterring you from less nourishing quick-fix festival foods," Lily said. "Whilst protein bars can be a great convenience during festivals, try opting for those which aren’t high in added sugars." Snacking is often guilty pleasure of many, but why not opt for a healthy snack? Rye crisp-bread provides a whopping 16g of fibre per 100g. "Enjoying just four with lunch will equal one-quarter of the recommended daily fibre intake," Lily revealed. "Peanut butter makes a delicious topping, whilst providing an extra protein and fibre boost along with heart-friendly fats." Try Savour Bakes Original Rye Crisp-bread - 69p, 250g Lily recommends Aldi's Brooklea Protein Pudding as a yummy treat that will also satisfy a person's sweet tooth. "An excellent source of protein, who would have thought a delicious pudding could pack in such a protein punch," she said of the 200g pots. "These pots are also low in saturated fat and sugar. Not only are they tasty and convenient, but they are also quick and easy to enjoy at festivals."