Biographer Tom Bower has described Boris Johnson as a "loner" as he argued the Prime Minister has failed to win over allies and supports with the Conservative party since taking office in 2019. Mr Bower described how Brexiteer Tories were left "furious" after being frozen out of top cabinet positions and are now turning against their party leader. Mr Bower told Sky News: "He really is a loner, he is a person who doesn't understand how you got to sucker support, how you got to look after people in the tea room, look after their care and all the rest of it. "He only thinks about himself, and that is unfortunately not a good trait if you want to be a prime minister with a lot of support when he hits that bad times. "People like Steve Baker, who was one of his allies to come out against him and all the other Brexiteers they're all furious with him because he didn't include them in his cabinet in 2019. "That, of course, outraged them and so he's on the way in Downing Street just lost one friend, one ally after another and that is his trait. He is a loner who doesn't understand you need to look after your friends because the enemies will look after themselves."  Mr Johnson, who scored a sweeping election victory in 2019, has been under increasing pressure after he and staff held alcohol-fuelled parties in his Downing Street office and residence when Britain was under strict lockdowns due to COVID-19. He was met with a chorus of jeers and boos - and some muted cheers - at events to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth in recent days. On Monday, the once seemingly unassailable Johnson was also lambasted by ally Jesse Norman, a former junior minister who said the 57-year-old prime minister staying in power insulted both the electorate and the party. "You have presided over a culture of casual law-breaking at 10 Downing Street in relation to COVID," he said, adding the government had "a large majority, but no long-term plan".  Though a Cabinet ally of Mr Johnson has said there was a "very well-organised" campaign to oust him despite a lack of evidence for the claim. Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries said anyone denying a co-ordinated plot was "not telling you the truth". But Sir Graham Brady, chairman of the backbench 1922 Committee which oversees the confidence vote process, said he was "not aware of any orchestrated campaign". Ms Dorries told Sky News: "Anyone who says that this isn't being co-ordinated and isn't being organised behind the scenes, I'm afraid, is not telling you the truth.  "This is a very well-organised campaign. "It's a perfect storm for some - it's Remainers who are taking in others who are disaffected and, for a number of reasons, those who've lost their jobs in cabinet or as ministers, and I'm afraid anyone who says that this isn't organised is not telling you the truth. "It is a very well-organised campaign by a small number of individuals, some who believe that they should be the next prime minister." Asked which individuals, she said: "I'm not going to say but it's a small number of individuals who've organised and whipped up this storm, and I'm afraid we're going to reach a point where people aren't going to vote for the Conservative Party because people don't vote for divided parties. So, we need to get this vote over and done with, and those MPs need to hear a clear message."