EastEnders aired an emotional moment this week on BBC One as the TV soap said goodbye to a fan-favourite character. Nancy Carter (played by Maddy Hill) has had to deal with her epilepsy, sibling feuds and relationship breakdowns over the years. This week she made a surprise exit and Express.co.uk has all you need to know. This is not the first time fans have said goodbye to Nancy, as the daughter of Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) originally left the series in 2016. However, in February 2021 it was announced she would be making a comeback, with her highly-anticipated return airing in April of that year. In Thursday night's episode, the character made a surprise exit and fans were shocked to see the actress leave the soap again. Nancy walked away from Walford once more after a difficult week, as she had learned her boyfriend Zack Hudson (James Farrar) had been having an affair. Trying to salvage the relationship, he proposed to Nancy and she contemplated forgiving him. READ MORE: Why Didn’t They Ask Evans' Frankie star praises ‘conscientious’ costar She visited her mum Linda (Kellie Bright) for a chat, but she was devastated when she found a bottle of vodka. With her mum seemingly on a slippery slope again, Nancy told her she could no longer be trusted. It was during this discussion that Nancy revealed she would be leaving for good. Linda tried to change her mind as Nancy was planning to take baby Annie with her, but in the end, she left Annie behind. As for her own exit, Nancy had her mind set on walking away and Linda watched as she left the square. Maddy Hill announced she would not be returning to the soap again and Thursday night marked her last-ever appearance. An EastEnders spokesperson said they wish Maddy all the best for the future. In a statement about her exit, Maddy said: "It’s been great revisiting Nancy and the Square over the past year but it felt like the right time to move on for now. "I already miss everyone and feel so grateful to work with people I have so much love for." With this in mind, it seems the 32-year-old actress is ready to take on a new project. DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Stacey Slater heartbroken as beloved resident exits [THEORY] EastEnders' Jessie Wallace issued warning by BBC soap after caution [INSIGHT] EastEnders theory: Fresh heartbreak for Carters as Shirley murdered [THEORY] It is not unusual for soap stars to want to switch things up every now and then. Playing the same character for a long period of time is not an easy thing to do and the job can be extremely demanding. Maddy is on social media but she has not opened up further about her exit from the show. Fans have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on the star leaving the soap for good. Naseem said: "Bit of an underwhelming exit for Nancy, can understand how when actors say they don't want to leave in the back of a black cab #EastEnders" @MissKittenFilan added: "All the best wishes and success for your future @maddy_hill90 hope Nancy finds happiness Xx #EastEnders." @amyyyy_amy shared: "I'm sorry but what an absymal way for Nancy to exit.... SURELY that's not the end for her? #EastEnders." @SkylarJordan concluded: "No producer has ever known what to do with the Carter kids, and that's a shame. "Lee, Nancy, and Johnny all had such potential and yet none really stuck around long enough to see it fulfilled (nor were they given any reason to) #EastEnders"  EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm