The warning comes as Britons saving up to buy their first home with this type of cash ISA may have already received the £3,000 maximum bonus from the Government. If a person has paid in the maximum £200 a month over four and a half years, they will already have accrued the maximum bonus. But they could be getting another £1,000 a year towards their first home through the Lifetime ISA (LISA) scheme. LISA savers can pay in up to £4,000 each tax year, with the Government adding a 25 percent bonus on top of whatever is deposited. The money can go towards a person’s first home or their retirement. Laura Suter, head of personal finance at AJ Bell, said: “Anyone who has had their Help to Buy ISA account open for more than four and half years could have maxed out the bonus and will no longer be getting the 25 percent Government boost to their money. READ MORE: Bank of Mum & Dad warning – helping children buy a property could cost your HOME  “What’s more, anyone who thinks they will hit this threshold before they buy a house could miss out on money in the future.” She urged people to think about their situation and make sure they are getting the best value for their savings. The money expert said: “Someone who is putting £200 a month into their Help to Buy ISA but hasn’t had it open for that long might not think they need to switch, as it will be a while before they hit the £3,000 Government bonus cap. “But if they know it’s going to take them five years or more from opening the account before they’ve saved enough for a deposit then they could easily hit that cap in the future.   “If you think that you will hit that £3,000 Government bonus threshold at some point you should consider moving your money to a Lifetime ISA before you hit the maximum bonus cut-off.” The LISA is also more flexible, as rather than a monthly limit of £200 a user can pay in any amount over the course of the year, up to a total of £4,000. To set up an ISA, a saver must be aged 18 to 39, with the 25 percent bonus paid every year on any deposits, until they reach the age of 50. A person has to have their LISA open for more than 12 months before they can use the funds to purchase a house. If any cash is withdrawn before the age of 60, for any reason other than buying a home, there is a 25 percent penalty on the amount withdrawn.  Ms Suter said: “Those who are a number of years away from buying their first property could also consider opening an investment Lifetime ISA, rather than keeping the money in cash. “This could boost their returns above the rates offered on cash currently, although this is only really an option for anyone wanting to buy in five years or more.” Savers can switch providers for their LISA once it is opened. It’s also possible to hold more than one LISA at a time, as long as the person only pays into one of them each tax year. A particular year’s deposits can be moved around as long as the total is moved each time. Some providers will only accept transfers while a saver is aged 18 to 39, with options becoming more limited for people aged 40 and over. If the funds are going towards a property, it must be in the UK and cost £450,000 or less and the individual must be intending to live there. A saver can use the LISA along with other Government schemes such as Right to Buy and shared ownership.