George Russell has poked fun at Mercedes' porpoising issues with the team struggling to adapt throughout this year's Formula 1 season after new regulations were introduced. The manufacturer's W13 has consistently displayed signs of the porpoising, a type of bouncing effect caused by additional drag underneath the car when moving at top speeds. Russell has managed to see the funny side amid the chaos, however, and is doing all he can to adjust. The Mercedes rookie has even gone so far as to attempt replicating the porpoise effect outside his car. That's after footage emerged of the former Williams starlet warming up for Sunday's Canadian Grand Prix, where he impressed en route to a fourth-place finish. And some fans suspect the Silver Arrows have Russell's pre-race preparations to thank. Standing in his dressing room shortly before the race, the 24-year-old begins to bounce on two feet with his hands on his hips. When asked by the cameraman if that's how he warms up, Russell chirps back that he's "getting ready for the porpoising." READ MORE Toto Wolff looks on unimpressed as Mick Schumacher gets lost in Mercedes garage  It's encouraging that the Mercedes star is able to take a light-hearted approach to the issue, having yet to finish outside the top five in any race so far this season. Team principal Toto Wolff and his team of engineers perhaps can't afford to be as laid-back, however, given they're the ones tasked with resolving the problem (without success so far). Seven-time world champion Lewis Hamilton has endured a particularly damaging descent this term and sits sixth despite his third-place finish in Montreal, two places behind team-mate Russell. The 37-year-old continued to complain of bouncing at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix earlier in June and required help exiting his car in Baku due to a back injury. DON'T MISS Fernando Alonso disagrees with Christian Horner theory of Lewis Hamilton in Canada Red Bull garage inspected by sniffer dog and Canadian police after Max Verstappen win Toto Wolff jumps to Lewis Hamilton defence after ending George Russell hoodoo    The furore at Mercedes reportedly spilled over in a meeting between team principals on Saturday, when it's understood Wolff was 'totally apoplectic' with his peers. The Austrian is understood to have accused other team bosses of 'perpetuating a safety issue' before meeting resistance from Red Bull's Christian Horner and Ferrari chief Mattia Binotto. Russell sits fourth in the drivers' standings but is now just 18 points behind second-place Sergio Perez following his retirement in Canada. No amount of bouncing may be enough to catch up to leader Max Verstappen—who is 46 points clear—but Mercedes' new kid on the block may as well have some fun as he attempts the seemingly impossible.