The Queen, originally schedule to attend, pulled out of the event as she continues to pace herself. Instead, Her Majesty will watch on TV from Windsor Castle. Phil White, London regional director for The Jockey Club, described the monarch's absence from the Surrey event as a "rare occasion" but said the organisation is "delighted" to know that she will still be watching on television. He said: "It is a rare occasion that the Queen is unable to join us at Epsom Downs but we are delighted she plans to enjoy Derby Day on television. "We have big plans to celebrate Her Majesty's contribution to horseracing and the nation, and these will continue in full tomorrow. "The Derby is a unique race and we are looking forward to welcoming people in their thousands to help us create a spectacular carnival atmosphere." The Princess Royal, 71, could be seen laughing, waving and thanking crowds at Epsom Derby Day, as she arrived at the racecourse just before 1pm. READ MORE: Queen at the Derby: The best pictures of monarch at Epsom over years Also present is Anne's husband Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence and children Peter Phillips and Zara Tindall. Zara's husband, Mike, is attending. Anne appeared in the royal box while the national anthem was played by a band. Crowds cheered and waved at the princess as she grinned and chatting with Sir Tim. Anne waved and laughed, thanking those around her for making her welcome. Forty jockeys sported the royal racing silk, forming a guard of honour. Five of the monarch's former racehorses were also paraded, and a selection of hats inspired by the seven decades of her reign have been displayed. Frankie Dettori and Willie Carson, riders of the some of the Queen's most memorable winners, lined part of the course with the other jockeys.  Describing for BBC News the pride he has felt while riding for the Queen in her racing colours, Mr Dettori said: "Every time you see these (colours) on your peg you (have) this sense of importance and it's a great honour. "Look she's a big lover of horse racing, and like you say she's only missed the Derby twice. "But I'm sure today she'll find a TV and she's going to watch it live because she loves the Derby so much. "She's been breeding horses for over 60 years she knows all the blood lines and she's won lots of races and she's very knowledgeable."  Among famous faces in attendance were Downton Abbey star Jim Carter, comedian Lee Mack and tennis coach Judy Murray. It comes after the Queen's only runner Just Fine was removed from the World Pool Northern Dancer Handicap at the 48-hour declaration stage on Thursday. Her hopes of winning the Derby were dashed earlier in May when her horse Reach For The Moon, who was among the favourites, was withdrawn. Thoroughbreds owned by the Queen have won four out of the five flat racing classics, the 1,000 Guineas and 2,000 Guineas, the Oaks and the St Leger, with only the Derby eluding her. 