According to the most recent data from the DVSA, over seven million vehicles fail their MOT test every year. Around eight percent of test failures are caused by issues affecting the driver’s view of the road. Drivers should always make sure their wipers are working properly and if they can squirt the washer fluid onto the windscreen. Any cracks in the windscreen within the range of the wiper blades could also cause issues. A 40mm crack on the passenger side is an MOT fail, while a 10mm crack on the driver’s side can stop a driver from passing the test. Anything obscuring the driver’s view should also be removed, including dashcams, sat navs and any other objects. READ MORE: New law will force homes to have an electric car charger next week Katie, a British Sign Language interpreter, almost failed her MOT because of a common car accessory. The 29-year-old had a dream catcher hung up from her rear view mirror, prompting the MOT warning. She said: “I never knew my rearview mirror car accessory could’ve led to my car failing its MOT. “It’s understandable as to why it could.” DON'T MISSWill petrol prices go down? 'Frightening' petrol prices pressure Sunak [SHOCKING]Angry drivers refute idea that half of car buyers will go electric [INSIGHT]Drivers urged to use hypermiling 'tricks' to increase fuel efficiency [HELPFUL] Decorations like dreamcatchers or a rear view mirror car accessory can diminish the driver's visibility while on the road. Michael Bourne, Group Marketing Director at National Tyres and Autocare, echoed the warning to drivers. He said: “Something as simple as a rearview mirror car accessory can lead to your car failing its MOT due to failure of visibility. “An MOT is one of the most important checks you need to remember when owning a car, alongside a regular service. “Driving without a valid MOT means you will be breaking the law. “If you are caught driving without an MOT it can lead to a £1,000 fine. “If your vehicle is considered to be dangerous you can be fined £2,500, even if your MOT is still valid. “On top of this, you can get three points on your license and if you have been convicted of driving a vehicle in a dangerous condition within the past three years, you could be disqualified from driving for at least six months.”  This comes after Transport Secretary Grant Shapps suggested reducing the need for an MOT renewal to every two years, rather than one. It was suggested as a way for Britons to reduce costs, with child care changes also suggested to ease the burden on drivers. Every vehicle that is three-years-old or over must have a current MOT certificate, which drivers must renew once a year. The maximum cost of an MOT for a car is £54.85, while road users need to pay £29.65 for an MOT test for a standard motorcycle. Mr Shapps wanted to look into the possibility of extending renewal times to help drivers. Jack Cousens, head of roads policy at the AA, said drivers would ultimately lose out, especially if they need repairs. He added: “Though well intended, moving the yearly £55 spend on an MOT to every two years could make costs worse for drivers with higher repair bills, make our roads more dangerous and would put jobs in the garage industry at risk.”