Currently, residents in England are able to claim free prescriptions once they turn 60 years of age. However, the “freebie” benefit could be axed for many older Britons as the eligibility for the NHS support could be aligned with the state pension age, which is 66. In light of this potential change, people below the state pension age could have to continue paying for their medication after turning 60. It should be noted that those who live in Scotland and Wales are eligible for free prescriptions no matter what age they are. As part of its consultation, the Government is looking into two potential ways to roll out this policy change which could mean people will pay at different times. The first option is to axe free prescriptions for over 60s and making people pay immediately which will give the NHS more money quickly. Comparatively, the second option is to have a grace period which involves those between 60 and 65 who are getting free prescriptions to continue receiving the “freebie” benefit. READ MORE: ‘It’s free money!’ Britons urged to act now to slash tax by thousands  On their options, the Government stated: “Option B is to raise the qualifying age for free prescriptions to the state pension age (currently 66) but with a period of protection, which would mean that people in the age range 60 to 65 would continue to receive free prescriptions. “This would mean that anyone aged 60 and over when the changes to the charges regulations are implemented would continue to be exempt from prescription charges. “Whereas those aged 59 and under when the changes to the Charges Regulations are implemented would have to pay for their prescriptions until they reach the SPA (currently 66), unless they qualified for another exemption. “The above options would have varying impacts for people who need NHS prescriptions, and could raise additional revenue for the NHS.”  Recently, the Government confirmed its plans to freeze prescription charges in a bid to mitigate the impact of the cost of living on claimants. This means that those who are paying for free prescriptions in England will continue to pay £9.35 per item. Furthermore, those getting multiple prescriptions can pay £30.25 for a three-month prescription prepayment certificate (PPC) or £108.10 for a 12-month PPC. Laura Cockram, the head of Policy and Campaigns at Parkinson’s UK and chair of the Prescription Charges Coalition, said freezing prescription charges is an important next step in combating the country’s economic issues. READ MORE: Triple lock reinstated: How much will you get in state pension boost? Ms Cockram explained: “We welcome the UK Government’s decision to freeze NHS prescription charges to help with the cost of living. “It will be a relief for those who need medicine to stay well. However, it appears to be a short-term measure for resolving a long-standing issue.” However, Ms Cockram noted that many vulnerable people will be unable to afford prescription costs as they are and warned the Government on hiking free medication eligibility with the state pension age. She added: ​“We know that people with long-term health conditions like Parkinson’s, asthma, HIV, heart disease and MS have struggled to afford vital medication. “When people miss, reduce or delay taking their medication, their condition deteriorates and they are more likely to visit their GP more or end up in accident and emergency. “We call on the Government to rule out aligning the charge with the state pension age and urgently commit to reviewing the outdated prescription charge exemption list.” A Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson said: “Around 90 percent of community prescription items in England are free of charge, and people don’t pay if they are on a low income, over 60 years old, or have certain medical conditions. “The upper age exemption has not changed since 1995 and that is why we have consulted on restoring the link with the state pension age. We are considering the responses carefully and will respond in due course.”