Royal fans were quick to compare the old snap with recent images of Meghan attending the Platinum Jubilee celebrations over the weekend. One user, who compared the two pictures, said: “She looks about 10 years younger in the one on the left.”  The stunning shot shows the Duchess of Sussex smiling at the camera as she poses with no makeup. The two images were allegedly taken 24 hours apart, with eagle eyed fans noticing Lilibet in Meghan’s arms. Fans believe the photograph was taken at Lilibet’s first birthday party on Saturday, June 4. One user commented: “She is super pretty without makeup!”  Fans gushed over how young the Duchess looked in the image, with a photographer tweeting: “I'm a photographer, when I take off the make-up and with proper strong white and pink lighting I can make myself look 10 years younger. “One picture is with bad make-up which ages women after a certain age, the other without make-up and better lighting.” Some were accusing Meghan of Photoshop, but people were quick to fight back, with one user tweeting: “I think they are genuine, one with makeup and one without. She is holding her daughter in the left, so it’s hardly an old photo. “I don’t think everything they do needs to be so scrutinised.”  READ MORE: Harry and Meghan expected royals to 'drop everything for them' Meghan Markle was seen in the UK for the first time since stepping down from her senior royal position, alongside Prince Harry. The pair moved to California where they now reside with their children Lilibet and Archie. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex returned to the UK for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee over the weekend. The pair received a mixed reaction from the crowds, with some cheers and some boos as they arrived at St Paul’s Cathedral for the thanksgiving service on Friday, June 3.  DON'T MISS:Furious Dr Shola erupts after Prince Louis 'smacks Kate' [INSIGHT]Tragedy as 12-year-old schoolgirl dies after being hit by van [PICTURES]Brexit fury: Britons living in EU slam 's*** show" after leaving b... [COMMENT] The Duke and Duchess celebrated Lilibet's birthday with a picnic at Frogmore Cottage, Windsor, during the Platinum Jubilee weekend. A spokesperson for Harry and Meghan said in a statement that the Sussexes were touched by the birthday wishes for Lilibet and that people from around the world made donations amounting to more than £80,000 ($100,000) to not-for-profit World Central Kitchen in their daughter's honour. Lilibet's photo sent royal fans into a frenzy on social media with praise for the tot's beauty. Tessy Ojo CBE, who is Chief Exec of The Diana Award, tweeted: "On my! What a beauty. Lilibet Diana." Fellow Twitter user Pagan Trelawney added: "Isn’t she beautiful and the spitting image of her dad! Happy birthday Lili!" 