The royal has been branded an "absolute fool" after the sale of his £18million Swiss chalet was frozen so debtors could claim £1.6million from him. The Duke of York, 60, was snapped sporting a blue coat and helmet while being accompanied by a male groom.   She said she "pitied" the Swiss couple involved in the legal battle with Prince Andrew. She added: "It was a horrible experience. I do not understand how he operates and I feel very sorry for people who are involved with him in business."   "It’s really rather unbelievable. He caused me such stress and now it’s claimed other people are owed money too. "They [Andrew and Sarah] are so crazy. He [Andrew] is an absolute fool and I just cannot understand how he goes about his life."  Prince Andrew and his ex-wife Sarah Ferguson are reported to have entered a business arrangement with an unknown couple. But a £1.6million debt prompted the sale of the property, named Henora, to be frozen, according to reports in Swiss newspaper Le Temps.  READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's sweet connection to Harry and Meghan laid bare Geneva law professor Nicolas Jeandin told Le Temps: “A sale is in principle impossible, except with the agreement of the creditor.” It comes after removal fans from London firm Abels were seen arriving at the enormous retreat. The 62-year-old has not denied debt is owed but he is understood to be disputing he owes £1.6million.  A source close to the Duke told the Mirror: “Talks are underway to resolve the matter. It in no way prevents the sale of the chalet, which is proceeding.” DON'T MISS:Smart meter CHAOS as Britons billed for usage outside of their homes [INSIGHT]Fire engines scrambled as pub roof bursts into flames [PICTURES]Puppy dumped at shelter is blind after suffering 'severe neglect' [COMMENT] Located on the Verbier resort in Switzerland, Chalet Helora is expected to fetch at least £18 million on the market. The seven-bed property has been used as a mountain escape for the royals since 2014, providing plenty of space for high-profile visitors.  In February, it emerged Prince Andrew would sell off his chalet in an aim to use the processes to help pay the out-of-court payment of an estimated £12million settlement to Jeffrey Epstein accuser, Virginia Guiffre. The Duke has vehemently denied the allegations brought against him by Ms Guiffre in the New York court. The settlement is not an admission of guilt. 