Spain is a popular holiday destination for thousands of Brits every year, but with the average seven-day trip now costing £1,260, people have been forced to look elsewhere. In 2021, the average holiday cost £1,033, making it 24 percent cheaper than this year. In 2020, the costs were even lower, with a seven-day break costing £905, 56 percent cheaper than 2022 prices, according to date from Rastreator. The director at Rastreator, an app that provides insurance comparisons in Spain, explained that the increase in the cost of living and the war in Ukraine are all factors that are impacting the prices when it comes to travel. Alvaro Bas, the director, said the cheapest Spanish cities to visit this summer are Tenerife, Gran Canaria, and Seville. These three popular destinations also topped the list last year.  Tenerife has marked itself as the cheapest destination in the ranking, with an average price of £764 which is 39 percent cheaper than the national average. They are closely followed by Gran Canaria at £845, and Seville at £970. Tenerife also stands as the city with the cheapest accommodation, with an average price of £296, working out at £42.20 a night. Amongst the more expensive holiday destinations sits Cadiz (£1,709) and Mallorca (£2,049), with their prices up to 63 percent more than the national average.  READ MORE: Russia braces for new blow as Ukraine 'within striking distance' Though Cadiz proves to be one of the most expensive cities to visit, the costs of restaurants and leisure activities are cheaper than other cities, with dinner costing £21.51 on average. As well as food, a beer is 42 percent cheaper, and a coffee being 38 percent cheaper than other areas. It comes as British tourists holidaying in Spain have been warned of soaring temperatures, with it reaching 40 degrees in some areas. The Spanish weather agency Aemet, has issued warnings for 31 provinces in Spain. Tourists in Malaga on the Costa del Sol can expect temperatures of more than 40C.  DON'T MISS:Platinum Jubilee could have caused new Covid wave [INSIGHT]Malta makes huge post-Brexit passport U-turn for Britons [PICTURES]Just Stop Oil protesters block busy city centre road [VIDEO] Some areas could experience a light calima, a form of dust storm caused when dust travels from the Sahara. In Andalucia, the areas most at risk of high temperatures are Cadiz, Cordoba, Granada, Jaen and Seville. An amber alert weather warning has been issued for all those popular destinations as the temperature heats up. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega 