Zoe Ball, 51, has spoken to her son Woody Cook live on-air on BBC Radio 2. The 21-year-old said his relationship with his mum could be “bizarre” at times.  The star, who is the son of Zoe and Norman Cook AKA Fatboy Slim, has appeared alongside his mum on Celebrity Gogglebox.  She started by asking her son on the show this morning: “Woody, hello darling, how was your weekend?”  “Good, stressful, long,” he said in response.  Woody continued: “It’s bizarre that… I always say it but we only see each other when we’re working.” READ MORE: Patriotic Kate Moss, 48, wears Union Jack ensemble for Jubilee Zoe said: “We do, and when we do Gogglebox!” Her son then added: “It started as a joke but now it’s almost like a curse.” “It’s lovely to see you son,” the host concluded. Zoe and Norman got married at Babington House in Somerset in 1999.  Although they split in January 2003, they got back together three months later.  On September 24, 2016, they announced their separation after 18 years of marriage.  Fatboy Slim is an English DJ who has won ten MTV video Music Awards and two BRIT awards.  Woody is the oldest son of the pair, with his younger sister, Nelly May Lois Cook, born in 2010. DONT MISS: Eamonn Holmes reacts to praise over 'chemistry' with GB News co-host (PHOTOS)Amanda Holden, 50, dares to go braless in dress on chilly London day (NEWS)David Beckham sends alluring message to wife Victoria while topless (LATEST) The star made his TV debut on The Circle 2 on September 24, 2019. And fans were in hysterics at the time as Woody accidentally flirted with Richard Madeley after mistaking him for someone else over a video call. He played himself in the reality show, but didn't reveal who his famous parents were until weeks into the series. Woody appeared alongside mum Zoe Ball on Celebrity Gogglebox in 2020. The rising star appeared on the Channel 4 show which ran for seven episodes, with an all-star line-up including Nick Grimshaw, Stacey Solomon, Joe Swash, Harry Redknapp and Laura Whitmore. Zoe was the first female host of both the Radio 1 and 2 Breakfast shows. She also presented Live and Kicking alongside Jamie Theakston from 1996-1999. Zoe was a contestant in the third series of Strictly Come Dancing in 2005.