Jeremy Vine spoke about how if Russia “win” the war against Ukraine, they will claim the Donbas region as their own. As he remarked it would be “painted red” Owen Jones took issue with his description and argued it was like claiming it is being ruled by the Communist Party. Vine began: “Indeed, I suppose if you are trying to imagine Ukraine if the Russians win, in inverted commas, it means that the Dombas gets painted red and then that bit at the south coast gets…” “Painted red?” Jones interrupted as Vine explained: “Well red as in Russian red.” Jones hit back: “It’s not the Soviet union anymore.” The host explained: “Well that’s what they’re going to do, isn’t it? They’re going to make it Russia.” READ MORE: Simon Cowell slammed by BGT fans over wildcard announcement 'A joke!' “Oh yeah of course but ‘painting it red’ makes it sound like the Soviet Union or something,” Jones remarked. Lucy Beresford asked: “Why can’t be we name that? Why can’t we say that’s what he’s doing? That’s what he’s stated he wants to do. “He regards the fall of the Soviet Union, the biggest political disaster of the 20th Century and he’s trying to get it back. It’s exactly what he’s trying to do.” “I’m not defending the honour of the Soviet Union which is a totalitarian regime but it’s just the Communist Party doesn’t run Russia,” Jones chipped in. “But it’s a right-wing reaction regime.” Vine interrupted: “I didn’t think the colour red would set you off there.” “I just find it odd because red is often associated with the left and it’s not a left-wing government,” Jones fired back. “Look the post about Putin, really quickly, is the speech he made at the start of the invasion, was a rant about Lenin and the Bolsheviks.” DON'T MISS...Putin humiliated as Russian ministry HACKED [LATEST]Russia readies terrifying 'Satan 2' missile for launch [UPDATE]Ukraine to 'knock out Russian artillery' with UK weapons [LIVE] It comes after it was revealed NATO member states have sent over 40 warships to Stockholm, Sweden. The move is being seen as a warning to Russia after both Sweden and Finland applied to join the alliance. The arrival of the ships is part of an exercise to test the ability of the countries’ navy, air forces and troops to work together efficiently. The exercise is named Baltops and is expected to run throughout the week. “But it’s a right-wing reaction regime.” Vine interrupted: “I didn’t think the colour red would set you off there.” “I just find it odd because red is often associated with the left and it’s not a left-wing government,” Jones fired back. “Look the post about Putin, really quickly, is the speech he made at the start of the invasion, was a rant about Lenin and the Bolsheviks.” There is said to be ships from Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, Poland, Norway and the United Kingdom participating. NATO confirmed: “Fourteen NATO allies, two NATO partner nations, over 45 ships, more than 75 aircraft, and approximately 7,000 personnel will participate in the 51st iteration of the premier maritime-focused exercise from June 5-17.” While it has been called an exercise, some have taken the view it is a warning to Putin and Russia. Vine on 5 airs weekdays on Channel 5 from 9.25am.