The Duke and Duchess of Sussex arrived in the UK earlier this month to mark Her Majesty’s incredible 70-year reign. The Platinum Jubilee saw the likes of Prince William, Kate Middleton, Prince Charles and Duchess of Cornwall, Camilla join the Queen on the balcony of Buckingham Palace as well as work closely to ensure things ran smoothly. Speaking on GB News on Sunday, royal expert Richard paid special praise to Camilla for her recent Vogue shoot as well as her role within the family. “I think she looks marvellous,” Richard said of Camilla’s Vogue interview with GB News hosts Anne Diamond and Stephen Dixon. He continued: “And one of the absolute triumphs I thought with the Platinum Jubilee celebrations was the way all the members of the Royal Family were so supportive, “And the way also Harry and Meghan were kept under very, very careful control - I use the word advisedly.” His praise went on: “The fact is, it's great to see Camilla and also to know that she'll be Queen Consort. READ MORE: Lisa Nandy dodges strike probe as Raworth grills MP over action “I (also) thought it's so significant that the Queen said that this was her wish, “Because otherwise, this would really have been a serious issue inevitably when Charles ascended the throne if it hadn't been announced beforehand.” Elsewhere, Richard also praised the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, who shared an adorable Father’s Day snap of William with Prince George, Prince Louis and Princess Charlotte on Sunday. “If you look at recent polls, William and Catherine, of course, the Queen leads, for obvious reasons, but there's no question that in my view, the future of the monarchy is safe with William Catherine and their family,” Richard said. “The way they handle things, the perfect relationship between them, the way they’re mutually supportive on trips abroad, for example, they combine the formal and the informal. “I thought the Caribbean [trip] was just a glitch and very badly reported in several ways.” William and Kate had come under fire during the Caribbean tour for a handful of photo opportunities which were deemed to pose them in an unfavourable light. Richard also praised the couple for their planned move to Windsor which will see them relocate closer to Her Majesty. DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton’s touching nod in Cambridge's Father’s Day photo‘Waiting for an answer!’ Naga Munchetty hits out at Matt TebbuttBBC ‘nervous to host Eurovision’ over soaring costs and licence freeze “If you look at the plans to relocate to Windsor, I mean this of course is to be close to the Queen and also they'll have, I think, an extra amount of security,” he suggested. The Duchess of Cornwall's landmark interview with Vogue included a number of tales from her life as a working royal. She candidly opened up about the media scrutiny she endured when first getting together with the Prince of Wales. Admitting it wasn't "easy", she said: "I was scrutinised for such a long time that you just have to find a way to live with it.  "Nobody likes to be looked at all the time and, you know, criticised. "But I think in the end, I sort of rise above it and get on with it. “You’ve got to get on with life.," she added to the publication. Breakfast airs daily on GB News at 6am