Joshua has become well known for playing Bear Wolf on Emmerdale, the estranged father of Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt), who made his first appearance in the village in 2019. The father of one has established himself in the Dales as he has formed a friendship group with the likes of Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) and some of the older characters like Mary Goskirk (Louise Jameson). However, it seems the ITV soap star is more familiar with getting older than viewers might realise as the years are flying by for him. Although Bear is now settled in the village, not much is known about his past other than he had an affair with Paddy's mother in the 1960s. It is also known the former wrestler was born in 1945, which would make him 77 years old at the moment, just a few years off turning 80. In real life, it seems the actor is much younger than his alter-ego, although an exact age has not been reported for the soap star. According to Joshua's Voice Boutique page, he is able to do some voice-over work for producers who need someone to sound as if they are in their 60s. This is a huge hint the soap star is also probably in his 60s if not in his early 70s to still be able to work within the given age bracket for voiceovers. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Danni Menzies opts out of property search Emmerdale isn't the only show Joshua is well known for as the actor has appeared in some motion pictures over the years. In 2004, when the soap star was in his 40s, he played the character of Haemon in the critically acclaimed Hollywood film, Troy. It wouldn't be until 2017 when the actor was entering his 60s that would he play Sir Kay in another Hollywood hit, King Arthur: Excalibur Rising. Joshua has also appeared in several television series, with the actor taking on roles in shows such as Downton Abbey, Heartbeat and The New Adventures of Robin Hood. Before securing the role in the weeknight serial drama, he was appearing in different stage productions for the Royal Shakespeare Company. When he was younger, watching Emmerdale was a regular occurrence as he and his mother sat down to watch it every night it was on. Speaking of his late mother at the time of joining the cast in 2019, Joshua said: "My mum Jean was an ardent fan. "We watched it when it was Emmerdale Farm and she would have been over the moon that I was doing it but we lost her last year. "She didn’t know I got the part. I just thought, if only my mum was here to see this," he explained, with his late mother passing away at the age of 80. However, it seems although village life is very different to Hollywood, Joshua has been enjoying playing the notorious Bear. DON'T MISS...Lisa Riley weight loss: Soap star dropped 12st while enjoying treats [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale's Charley Webb details health woes during heatwave [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Kelvin Fletcher sparks Tom Selleck comparisons with tash [PICTURES] The actor added: "It’s my first soap and I love it. It’s not as daunting as I thought it would be. Everyone is so friendly. "The learning curve is quicker. I’m used to doing large roles in the theatre where you have a long time to learn [the script]. “With this, you throw out your short-term memory. It’s a new habit to get into." Joshua's character seems to have mellowed over the past years, despite being introduced as a hot-headed wrestler who Paddy's mother fell for as she was a fan of Bear. "The outfits are great. It’s lovely that they’ve modelled him on Giant Haystacks," the soap star explained in an interview with The Mirror. Joshua continued to say: "It works for me because it’s not spandex or budgie smugglers. And wrestling is very much theatre. "Where I live in Yorkshire is where Big Daddy trained so I know it well. My neighbours knew him. There are lots of stories about his entire family.” The actor has become beloved in his profession for being a charismatic person, which Bear has become over the past few years. Speaking of his hopes for his character at the time of joining the show, Joshua remarked: "For all his crassness and ­boastfulness I think ­underneath there’s somebody rather warm and generous. "He’s a man I see as being a little bit lonely and who would open up and share more, with a little encouragement.” "I think he will be quite grateful to receive any kind of attention and love which is genuine, not just for this persona that he’s been inhabiting for so long," he said. At the moment, the character is trying to support Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter), who has been given a terminal cancer diagnosis. Despite being one of the older members of the cast, the actor is still adored by fans of the show, with Bee writing: "Bear is so precious." "I love Bear #Emmerdale," Rebecca added, whilst Sophie The Kid posted: "Bear is the best! What a dude. #Emmerdale." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.