Sky News anchor Jacquie Beltrao famously shares her opinions on the sporting world, but has now weighed in on Diana Ross' performance at Glastonbury, sparking a heated debate among fans over the star's performance. Faced with reminders that the singer is now 78, the broadcaster, 57, compared her to fellow iconic hitmaker Barbara Streisand, branding her vocal abilities "stunning". Jacquie's remarks come as sporting champ Greg Rutherford reacted to the criticism of Diana's set by tweeting: "She's 78! Leave her be! #Glastonbury2022." However, in view of her 93,900 followers, Jacquie replied: "Take your point but... Babs Streisand is 80 Greg and her voice is still stunning." The former Olympic gymnast added that Diana's performance was "all a bit difficult to listen to". The controversial view divided fans, all of whom had different opinions about the veteran vocalist's show. READ NOW: Strictly star Shirley Ballas, 61, exposes awkward wardrobe malfunction @MortgageSusanne tweeted back: "She can sing and talk better than a lot of young ones at age 78 #entertaining "If you not likey switch off ,she was amazing." (sic) However, Kev_Norfolk slammed: "She really wasn’t. It was unfortunate and embarrassing in equal measure." @keefyw chimed in: "Being 78 is one thing, but if you can't deliver, leave us with the memories imo! This is a bit painful tbh!" @dianewrigg reasoned that it must have been an uncharacteristically bad day for the former star, adding: "Saw her at Leeds arena a couple of weeks ago and she was much better than this." @spriteverdiRIP added that she agreed with Jacqui, adding: "She looked lovely but difficult to listen to now. "I can appreciate she's 78 but still difficult." DON'T MISS... Kirstie Allsopp narrowly avoids hospital after 'swallowing AirPod' [LATEST] Fred Sirieix rages about 'crazy' anti-vaxxers as he heads new campaign [DEBATE] Fred Sirieix addresses 'trivial' food fights with Gordon Ramsay [EXCLUSIVE] Accusations from Twitter users included suggestions that the former Supremes singer was, at times, off-key. But some pointed out: "At least she sang and not miming." Meanwhile, @jackdawjones challenged the critics, arguing: "The oldies at Glastonbury made the young supposedly talented future stars look like X Factor auditions." He added: "Totally blew them away with real star quality." Diana had attracted less criticism at the Platinum Jubilee event earlier this month when she closed the party with a lively rendition of 'Ain't No Mountain High Enough'. But it was Rod Stewart whose performance at the Queen's Party at the Palace came under fire from fans who branded his show a "drunk uncle at a wedding act". Alicia Keys was also slammed for performing 'Empire State of Mind', a song that was originally written about New York, in London. However, she defended that it was one of the Queen's personal choices for the night.