Rafael Nadal maynot be playing Wimbledon this year as reports have claimed the Spaniard will take a break following the French Open final, though these have been denied. The world No 5 turned 36 today and has been struggling with a chronic foot injury since he was 19, which has worsened in recent months. He has not competed at the All England Club since 2019. Nadal reached a record 14th French Open final after Alexander Zverev was forced to retire from their semi-final after picking up an injury and being taken off the court in a wheelchair. After advancing to Sunday's championship match, Marca claimed that the Spaniard would be taking a break following the tournament and missing Wimbledon. Reports of Nadal's absence have been denied but the Spaniard has been struggling with a chronic foot injury that forced him out of SW19 last year and saw him miss the last half of the season. After a successful comeback this year, he picked up a rib injury and was then plagued by the foot problem at the Italian Open, just a week after making his return. He has surprised everyone by making the final in Paris just weeks after limping off court in Rome but his schedule after the French Open remains unknown, sparking reports that he could skip Wimbledon for the second year in a row. JUST IN: Zverev denies swearing in Russian with explosive outburst at umpire  The 21-time Major champion has already sparked retirement fears after admitting his quarter-final against Novak Djokovic could be his "final match" at the French Open, before going on to defeat his rival. Despite winning the match in four sets, he doubled-down on his comments that it could be his last appearance in Paris, saying: "I am old enough to not hide things or come here and say something I don’t believe. I have what I have in the foot, so if we aren’t able to find an improvement or a small solution then it’s becoming super difficult." But the 36-year-old has since said he still hopes to be back but has learned that there is no guarantee because of his Mueller-Weiss syndrome. "At no time do I want this to seem like a farewell. We will continue working to find solutions to what is happening down with my foot," he told Spain's RTVE channel. DON'T MISSMurray opens up to Foster on his tennis future and retirement fearWimbledon ban divides tennis fans after Djokovic and Nadal speak outDjokovic coach backtracks with new Nadal claim after French Open loss     "I trust and hope to be able to return. This last year has been difficult. Day to day, with everything that it entails, has been difficult not just because of all the effort but to stay competitive. And I play to be competitive. It’s what makes me really happy. We will keep thinking about the things we need to improve and the desire is to continue.” While his post-French Open schedule remains unknown, the world No 5 will definitely be back in action this year as he is one of the first two players confirmed for the Laver Cup in September, alongside Roger Federer. The team event will be held at London's O2 Arena from September 23 to 25.