Former Border Force director general, Tony Smith, speaking to Sky News, said it was important to “remember” why there was a need for a deportation scheme such as the one employed with Rwanda by the current Government. He cited the “miserable business” of people smuggler’s as cause for a scheme and slated the French and the EU for not affording any help. In light of a recent High Court ruling in favour of the Rwanda scheme, Mr Smith added that Priti Patel’s plan seemed to be “surviving the legal test”.    He said: “We need to remember why they’re doing this in the first place and, of course, it’s to stop migrant boats coming across the English Channel. “We had 28,000 last year and 10,000 already this year. We know we’ve had a number of drownings. “This is a miserable business being run by people smugglers and, of course, we can’t return migrants to France or the European Union because they won’t let us. “So, the Government has been trying to find another safe country where they could return people to and, so far, Rwanda seems to be surviving the legal test. “Although, I don’t think that’s necessarily nailed on yet but it’s certainly a victory for the Home Office in the High Court yesterday.”    A High Court ruling on Friday found in favour of Priti Patel’s Rwanda scheme and gave the all clear for a deportation flight to the African country due to take place early next week to go ahead. Asylum seekers were looking for interim relief from the deportation flight on the grounds that it was unlawful. The presiding judge Mr Justice Swift concluded there was a “material public interest” in permitting the secretary of state to implement immigration control decisions. He also dismissed some of the risks of migration to Rwanda cited by the asylum seekers’ lawyers as “in the realms of speculation”. READ MORE: Prince Charles criticises ‘appalling’ Rwanda deportation scheme [REPORT]   The decision was viewed as a victory for the Conservative Government, who have been looking for a solution to a growing people smuggling problem. Ms Patel said after the hearing: “People will continue to try and prevent their relocation through legal challenges and last-minute claims but we will not be deterred in breaking the deadly people-smuggling trade and ultimately save lives.” Boris Johnson added: “We cannot allow people traffickers to put lives at risk and our world leading partnership will help break the business model of these ruthless criminals.” However, Mr Swift said there would be further litigious opportunities to oppose the scheme after offering the opportunity to appeal the case to the asylum seekers. DON'T MISS: Bravo Priti! It isn’t racist to deport illegals, says CAROLE MALONE [OPINION] High Court REFUSES injunction to halt Rwanda deportation flight [REPORT]Boris insists sending asylum seekers to Rwanda 'legal' [REVEAL]   He added the decision would not stop individual refugees from mounting further legal challenges to their removal to Rwanda, or even fighting for a judicial review of the policy as a whole. It was reported today the future monarch Prince Charles has privately expressed his “disappointment” over the deportation scheme. The Times newspaper said a source had heard Charles express opposition to the policy several times in private, and that “he was more than disappointed” by it. But a Clarence House spokesman said in response to the accusations: “We would not comment on supposed anonymous private conversations with the Prince of Wales, except to restate that he remains politically neutral. Matters of policy are decisions for the Government.” 