Often carers are limited to the amount of hours they can work because of their caring responsibilities meaning many of them end up on the breadline. Millions of Britons depend on Carer’s Allowance to help them make ends meet but that won’t automatically qualify them for the £650 Cost of Living payment from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Millions of Britons on Income-based Jobseekers Allowance, Income-related Employment and Support Allowance, Income Support, Working Tax Credit, Child Tax Credit and Pension Credit will receive the first instalment of their £650 Cost of Living next month. The money will help low income households pay for soaring energy bills but millions of cash strapped carers will miss out. Money saving expert Martin Lewis raised this issue with the Chancellor last month. He said it’s unfair that carers save the British economy £132billion per year yet they won’t be receiving this help. READ MORE: ‘It feels amazing’ Mum-to-be shares simple way she made £1,000 While carers will receive extra help if they are also on means tested benefits, not everyone is eligible. Labour MP Conor McGinn recently asked the Department of Health and Social Care to look into the matter according to the Daily Record. In response, Gillian Keegan, Minister for the Department of Health and Social Care said that there are no plans to provide additional support for unpaid carers. She said some carers will receive the cost of living support. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis shares the 'best thing' to do with inheritance money [INSIGHT]Santander ups interest rates on mortgages and savings [UPDATE]Premium Bonds: Agent Million on what happens when NS&I savers win [INSGIHT]    Ms Keegan said: “Those living in the same household as the disabled person they care for will benefit from the disability Cost of Living Payment, while families with a pensioner in the household will benefit from the Pensioner Cost of Living Payment.” Campaigners say it’s never been more important to check someone is receiving all the benefits they are entitled to. Some 500,000 people are estimated to be missing out on Carer’s Allowance which could top up their income if they are caring for someone for at least 35 hours a week. This could make all the difference to people who are struggling financially. To qualify for Carer’s Allowance, people need to be caring for someone and earning no more than £132 a week. However, the person they are caring for must also be on Personal Independence Payments (PIP) or Attendance Allowance. If they don’t qualify for Carer’s Allowance, they might be able to claim Carer’s Credit instead. Carers must be between the ages of 16 and state pension age and caring for someone for at least 20 hours per week to be eligible for Carer’s Credit. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This is a National Insurance credit to fill up the gaps in one’s record which may impact their state pension. To find out whether they could be eligible for Carer’s Allowance or Carer’s Credit, Britons can go to Gov.uk. As a carer people might also be able to claim: