The UK is facing a crisis when it comes to providing enough chargers for the huge influx of electric vehicles on the nation’s roads. There are 1.1million more EVs registered in the UK than five years ago, but in that time only 23,000 more chargers have been installed. A report by electric car subscription service Elmo revealed the readiness of several countries for the EV revolution and found some shocking statistics. There has been a 26,000 percent increase globally in ULEV vehicle registrations since 2010. April has seen the biggest increase in global sales of EVs in the last 3 years at a 247 percent increase from 175,000 in 2019 to 400,000 in 2021. And while the number of chargers in the UK is still woefully inadequate, the amount of public charging devices has increased by 36.5 percent in 2022. READ MORE: Hidden features in your car you never knew existed The study also found that over the past decade, the number of new ULEVs has seen a drastic increase from 6,012 to more than 1.5 million in the UK. With this increase in car sales – and removing home-charging stations from the equation – the demand for public charging ports has also greatly increased. Olly Jones, co-founder of elmo said: “If the UK is to be a leading country in the transition to electrified transport, it is imperative that the investment and rollout of public charging infrastructure is sufficient to meet the demands of motorists.” From 2011 to 2021, ULEV sales in the UK have risen more than 17,000 percent. DON'T MISSPetrol stations reveal the ‘shocking’ amount of money they make [SHOCKING]Furious drivers appalled by Government scrapping of EV grant [REACTION]Motorists will be 'pleasantly surprised' when using hypermiling tricks [INSIGHT] The company also asked 2,000 motorists about EVs and the likelihood they would purchase one. And just one in five said their next car will be electric. When asked when this might be, the most answered between seven months and one year with a further 42 percent saying in the next two to three years. A huge 50 percent said they’re undecided whether or not to switch. They also asked what puts drivers off the most when it comes to electric cars. The most selected answer, by distance, was the purchase price. Electric cars carry a large premium compared to their petrol and diesel counterparts. This is especially true now the Government has scrapped the plug-in car grant. Previously that gave new EV owners some £1,500 off their purchase. It came as average petrol prices reached a new high of 185.4p a litre on Monday, up 6.9p in a week, according to data firm Experian. Transport minister Trudy Harrison said they wanted to use the grant cash for other vehicles, "from taxis to vans...to help make the switch to zero emission travel cheaper and easier". But AA chief Edmund King said: "Drivers, and indeed many fleets, planning to make the switch to EV, may now back out until they can find more cash." The RAC's Nicholas Lyes said the group was also disappointed.