The royal expert explained how easy it will be for Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge to move their family straight in if they so chose as Adelaide Cottage was already refurbished in 2015. Mr Walker explained how their choice to move to a cottage, which is located on Windsor grounds, would be beneficial to the couple, as the perimeter of their new home was secured with royal security. Mr Walker also discussed Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's previous choice to spend £2.4m on their refurbishments to Frogmore Cottage.  Mr Walker told Express Royal Round-Up host Pandora Forsyth: "And I think they've been quite smart in this move if it is true because no costly refurb is required I.E none of our money. "None of the taxpayer's money is required to do it up because it was refurbished in 2015. "Unlike the £2.4m that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex spent on doing up Frogmore Cottage in 2018, £2.4m of taxpayer's money might I add. "So the Cambridges have decided to... Literally, they can just move in, so they don't need to spend any extra money. JUST IN: Johnny Depp gave serious warning to actor after 'drug incident' Mr Walker added: "It's within the kind of Royal security perimeter, so they don't need to spend on any extra security or anything like that. "There Kensington Palace rooms in their apartment 1a will be turned into staff offices, their aides will commute to Windsor. "And they would keep their home Anmer Hall in Northfolk on the Sandringham Estate as kind of a family country retreat. "And I think the idea is they'll move in time for Prince Louis to start school, he'll be in reception when we get to September, and Prince George and Princess Charlotte will move schools from St Thomas School in Battersea where they're currently at to somewhere in Berkshire." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Not playing nice! Outrageous claim Kate and William fed up with Meghan     Other Royal experts have said that Prince William is moving to Windsor to be closer to the Queen, as he is stepping up his Royal duties in preparation for being a future Monarch. Prince William and his Farther Prince Charles have been taking on more responsibility over the past couple of months. Prince Charles even sat in for the Queen for the opening of Parliament, as the Queen is currently struggling with mobility issues due to her frail condition. And others have explained that the move is so the Queen can be closer to her grandchildren Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Outrageous claim Kate & William fed up with Meghan [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry push for reconciliation? [VOTE] William and Charles were ‘right’ to block Andrew from Garter Day [REVEAL]  A source told The Sun newspaper that the Royal couple is looking forward to "starting a new chapter in their lives together". They said: "Kate and William were very keen for a modest home to start their new lives in Windsor. "Adelaide Cottage fits the bill because it is a four-bedroom home and they do not need any more as they have no live-in staff. "They were adamant they didn’t want anything too showy or anything that needed renovating or extra security so as not to be a burden on the taxpayer. "The added bonus is they can send George, Charlotte and Louis to school together locally. "The three children will enjoy running around and playing in the gardens, which is the kind of life they enjoy so much when at Anmer Hall."  