Bayern Munich look set to finally meet Liverpool's £42.5million valuation for Sadio Mane, which means his days at the club are numbered. Of course Jurgen Klopp does not want to lose one of his star men, but he has already sent out a warning that Mane has ignored. Mane has been part of Klopp's journey since the beginning, as he was one of the German's first major signings in 2016. The Senegalese star has won it all beside Klopp, and has since become one of the best players in the world under the German. But he is set to become the first big-hitter to leave since Liverpool started achieving trophy success. Thankfully for the Reds, they've brought in Darwin Nunez for a potential club record fee of £85m, should the respective add-ons be triggered. But Mane leaves the club knowing how it turned out for Philippe Coutinho after he was warned by Klopp. READ MORE: Liverpool agree transfer deal with Aberdeen for Calvin Ramsay Coutinho is the other high profile star to break away from Klopp's journey, and unfortunately for the Brazilian he left prematurely and missed out on every single trophy possible. Sure, it was his dream to play for Barcelona, but it soon became a nightmare for Coutinho. The Brazilian is still a brilliant player, and it's Barcelona's loss more than his. Four years after his £142m move, he has now joined Aston Villa for just £17m, and seems to be enjoying life again. DON'T MISS: Liverpool boss Klopp gets Premier League fixture wish after criticism (INSIGHT)Liverpool make Sadio Mane promise as Bayern Munich prepare third bid (TRANSFERS)Liverpool urged to sign Sadio Mane replacement from Bayern this summer (ANALYSIS) Klopp is hailed for his knowledge and his coaching ability, but he has also been proved right when giving players advice too. When Coutinho was pushing for a move away, Klopp said: "Stay here, and they will end up building a statue in your honour. "Go somewhere else, to Barcelona, to Bayern Munich, to Real Madrid, and you will be just another player. Here you can be something more." Mane was becoming a star at Liverpool during this time, and the Senegalese star will be aware of this as he is joining one of the clubs that Klopp mentioned. Mane expressed a desire to start a 'new challenge' after Liverpool lost in the Champions League final to Real Madrid, and his wishes should be respected. But it does come with a major risk factor, if Bayern struggle while Liverpool continue to succeed. After Borussia Dortmund sold Erling Haaland, it's even more likely that Mane will have the Bundesliga wrapped up at the very least. But in Europe it could be a very different story, although that may not be his drive. With Robert Lewandowski claiming his journey with Bayern is over, Mane may have been assured the no.9 position, as he looks to become the main man. Like the Coutinho saga, Liverpool do not want to lose one their man, but they received the third biggest fee of all time for the Brazilian, and they're being paid well for Mane too. With only a year left on his contract, Liverpool are still set to cash in £42.5m for Mane, and although it will be difficult to adjust without him, it may be for the best. But Klopp's point still stands as although Mane is loved in Liverpool, his legacy won't be the same around Anfield. And with so many big names at such a historic club like Bayern, Mane will just be 'another' star to wear the famous Bavarian strip.