Helmut Marko believes Lewis Hamilton is not out of the title fight as Mercedes recover, weeks after claiming the seven-time champion should have quit F1. The Red Bull chief has warned Mercedes are getting 'faster every day’ and warned teams shouldn’t ‘write them off’ as title challengers. The message will come as a warning to Red Bull drivers Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez who lie first and third in the drivers’ standings. Speaking to Austria’s OE24, he said: “Their car is getting faster every day, from the top times they are already at our level or even better "So you really shouldn't write them off. If Mercedes suddenly dominates everything again, then Hamilton will be back too." When asked whether Marko believed Red Bull had already secured the title, he said the remark was simply ‘nonsense’. Speaking to OE24, Marko added: “I just did the maths: we still have 15 races ahead of us. "Even Russell is just 41 points behind Verstappen. Everything is still possible there." READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton has four-word response on retirement rumours His comments on Hamilton come just weeks after Marko insisted the seven-time champion should be considering quitting F1 after finishing outside the top 10 at Imola. Marko said: “I mean he was lapped by us so maybe he should have stopped last year, he’s thinking, maybe.” Hamilton appeared to address the comments indirectly after the race, posting on social media that only he will decide when his masterpiece is finished. Responding a week later in Miami, Hamilton spoke about the comments head-on, claiming the remarks were ‘disrespectful’ but he took it as ‘fuel’. He said: “I take that as fuel. I'm putting that into the pot and I'm going to turn that into a positive and I'm going to come back stronger, We are going to come back stronger as a team.” DON'T MISSHamilton rules out Ferrari move as Brit vows to stay loyal to Mercedes [INSIGHT]Mercedes' 'insurance policy' on Lewis Hamilton quitting F1 explained [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton's statement on Mercedes deadline may be final straw [ANALYSIS] Hamilton has repeatedly squashed rumours he is set to retire and spoke openly that it was not in his DNA to give up when things got tough. He said: “I’ve been with Mercedes since I was 13. We’ve had amazing times together. We’ve ridden the highs and lows together. I am 100 percent committed to this team. There’s nowhere else that I want to be. Just because we’ve hit a rough patch, it’s just not in my DNA to back out.” The Silver Arrows appeared to be closer to the frontrunners at the Spanish Grand Prix with Hamilton matching Charles Leclerc’s race pace after an early accident. However, the team appeared to still be struggling with bouncing at the Monaco Grand Prix as Hamilton slipped back into the midfield and finished eighth while his team-mate George Russell came fifth.