Raphinha is expected to snub a transfer approach from Liverpool to replace Sadio Mane due to his 'obsession' with joining Barcelona. The Leeds United star is expected to depart Elland Road this summer, and the winger is keen to play a 'leading role' in Xavi's rebuild of the Catalan giants. That is according to Spanish outlet Sport, who claim Raphinha will shun approaches from all other clubs in order to force through a move to Barcelona this summer. Bayern Munich have also been credited with an interest in the Brazil international, who has two years left on his contract with the Whites. Liverpool are in the market for an attacker this window with Mane outlining his intentions to leave following six successful seasons at Anfield. The Senegal international's declaration has led to Jurgen Klopp stepping up their efforts to sign Raphinha as a replacement, with the FA Cup and Carabao Cup winners reportedly offering Takumi Minamino as a makeweight in the deal. However, the Reds are said to have been informed by Deco - the former Barcelona and Chelsea star who now represents Raphinha - that his client will prioritise an approach from the La Liga side runners-up ahead of all others. The winger has racked up 17 goals and 12 assists in 65 Premier League appearances since signing from Stade Rennais in October 2020. JUST IN: Liverpool and Arsenal target Serge Gnabry drops hint as attraction to one club made clear  Jesse Marsch's side preserved their top-flight status with a dramatic final-day victory at Brentford, with relegation rivals Burnley suffering a home defeat to Newcastle United. Raphinha opened the scoring in the capital with a 56th minute penalty, before an deflected injury-time strike from Jack Harrison sealed a 2-1 win over the Bees. Barcelona have been heavily linked with Raphinha for several months now, but their financial woes continue to cast a shadow over their transfer plans. The latest report indicates Leeds will demand in excess of £55 million to consider a sale, while the Mirror recently claiming an offer closer to £60 million would need to be submitted. READ MORE  Liverpool looking to wreck Man Utd transfer plans as they 'join race' for two targetsSadio Mane theory posed as Mohamed Salah blamed for Liverpool star wanting to leaveLiverpool 'respond' as Bayern Munich submit opening Sadio Mane transfer bid    Raphinha has made his senior breakthrough for Brazil as a Leeds United player, and earned his ninth cap in the friendly victory over Japan on Monday afternoon. Neymar scored the only goal of the game, and the Whites' winger was replaced after 63 minutes by Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus. Mane refused to comment upon his own future ahead of the Reds' Champions League final defeat to Real Madrid. However, reports emerged in the following days that the Senegal international - who is entering the final year of his contract at Anfield - had outlined his intention to seek a new challenge this summer. Mane's recent comments on his Liverpool future attracted controversy, as the 30-year-old suggested he would follow the wishes of the majority of Senegalese supporters who wished for him to leave the club. This response was then clarified in an interview with Canal+ following Saturday's African Cup of Nations qualifying victory over Benin. When asked about his next destination being Barcelona, Bayern Munich, or Real Madrid, Mane told a reporter 'you know you got me into trouble, you got me in trouble with the Liverpool supporters currently … but hey'. When pressed again, the forward replied 'you know I’m not a fan of these teams. My club is Marseille. I would say Marseilles rather, then!' READ MORE: Liverpool torpedo Man Utd and Man City transfer plans after U-turn on priority target 