After an emotional finale, fans are eagerly awaiting the release of Outlander’s seventh season on Starz. As the wait continues, Jamie Fraser star Sam Heughan admitted the journey of his character had been a challenging one.  Jamie was first introduced to fans in season one after both he and Claire Fraser (played by Caitriona Balfe) had gone into hiding. He was running away from blame for a crime he didn’t commit, while Claire was hiding from Black Jack Randall (Tobias Menzies) who was suspicious of her marital status. As a result, Dougal MacKenzie (Graham McTavish) proposed the two should get married to avoid political harassment. Her union to Jack also meant she too would become Scottish through marriage and therefore no longer aroused suspicion due to her English accent. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret Throughout the seasons, Jamie has remained loyal and protective of his family and often puts others before himself. This was commonly seen when someone he cared about found themselves in trouble as the Highlander went out of his way to bring them to safety. In season three, viewers watched this unfold in horror as Jamie ran into an ablaze print shop to rescue young Ian (John Bell). Although he was able to save his nephew, the print shop was left in ashes.  Viewers also appeared to fall in love with Jamie as they tuned in every week to see more of their favourite characters. As a result, Outlander steadily grew in popularity before gaining worldwide acclaim for its heart wrenching storylines. Many of its viewers were huge fans of the Outlander novel series, written by Diana Gabaldon. Thankfully for fans, they were promised a good amount of Jamie Fraser as Gabaldon had already written seven books in the series when the tv adaptation was announced. DON'T MISS...Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe details ‘horrible day’ on set [INSIGHT]Outlander season 7: Young Ian set for major role [INSIGHT]Outlander explained: Why was Jamie Fraser called Sawny? [EXPLAINER] Although the novels provided major insight into his character for preparation, Hueghan admitted the role was still challenging. Speaking to Esquire, the actor also revealed the success of the show defied all expectations. He stated: “I didn’t know anything of the books when I first started and I remember my first day with my driver and we were driving into work, and he was like ‘How long do you think this will go for?’ and I said, ‘Probably a year, maybe two?’” Hueghan remarked: “Next year it’ll be a decade. So it has been quite a journey, but it’s been incredible, it’s changed my life. 