Tottenham have apparently agreed a £25million deal to bring Yves Bissouma to the club this summer. The Brighton star has been the subject of intense transfer speculation over the past 12 months amid his fine form at the Amex Stadium. And, now, a move to north London seems to be on the cards. Tottenham finished fourth in the Premier League table last season, with Antonio Conte steering them above fierce rivals Arsenal. And Spurs are determined to back the Italian as they set their sights on dethroning Manchester City as champions. It’s been a brilliant start to the summer for Tottenham, who have already snapped up Ivan Perisic and Fraser Forster. Now, Bissouma looks likely to be next amid claims that a £25m deal with Brighton has been agreed behind the scenes. And Express Sport will now take a look at the potential shirt numbers the 25-year-old could wear if he moves to the capital this summer. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz It’s possible that Harry Winks will be shown the door this summer, having failed to kick on in recent years. And that would leave the No 8 shirt free for Bissouma to take. That’s the jersey he’s worn at Brighton, having been at the Amex ever since arriving from Lille back in the summer transfer window of 2018. The No 9 shirt is currently free at Tottenham. It’s been worn by the likes of Gareth Bale, Vincent Janssen, Roberto Soldado and Roman Pavlyuchenko over the past decade. And while it’s usually a jersey occupied for strikers, it’s availability means Bissouma could be tempted to take it on. After all, stranger things have happened. William Gallas and Khalid Boulahrouz, we’re looking at you. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Another jersey free at Tottenham is the No 13. It’s been worn by callas, Michel Vorm, Jimmy Walker and Danny Murphy over the years - and the likes of Marton Flop, Kasey Keller and Neil Sullivan before then. Given it’s free, it’s certainly another potential shirt number for Bissouma. The last occupant of the No 16 shirt was Kyle Walker-Peters. Kieran Trippier, Iago Calque, Kyle Walker, Kyle Naughton and a young Gareth Bale have all donned it over the years. It’s available for new signings at present - and Bissouma may be tempted to make it his own. The No 17 shirt is also free for new recruits to take on. Moussa Sissoko was the previous occupant of the number, with the midfielder leaving for Watford last summer. Andros Townsend, Eider Gudjohnsen and Giovani dos Santos are also players to have sported that kit over the years. Bissouma, as mentioned above, wears the No 8 shirt at Brighton. But if Winks stays, he could take on the No 18 jersey given it’s got his favourite number in it. Giovani Lo Celso was the last player to sport it on his back, though he’s now looking increasingly likely to join Villarreal instead. Number 24 - Previously worn by Serge Aurier, Alex Pritchard, Brad Frieden, Jamie O’Hara and Goran Bunjevcevic. Number 26 - Previously worn by Tanguy Ndombele, Tom Carroll, Kyle Walker and Kevin-Prince Boateng. Number 31 - Has been donned by the likes of Luke McGee, Townsend, Dean Marney and Alton Thelwell over the years. Number 32 - Best-known for being worn by Benoit Assuou-Ekotto, who would later reveal he didn’t enjoy being a footballer despite the perks of the job.