Our Yorkshire Farm hasn't aired any new episodes since November 2021, and viewers are missing their regular dosage of peaceful farm life. The Channel 5 show has been a hit since it was first shown back in 2018, winning itself a legion of fans over the past four years. As well as the Owen family themselves, there is another star of Our Yorkshire Farm who doesn't physically appear on the screen. For the past five seasons, the man behind the microphone guiding fans through the journey of the Owen family on Our Yorkshire Farm has been actor Ralf Little. He has been starring as the latest detective Neville Parker in BBC comedy-drama Death in Paradise for the past couple of years. But his on-screen career started long before this, as he played the son Anthony Royle in the hit British sitcom The Royle Family. His career in comedy didn't end there though as he went on to star in Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps for six years before exiting in 2007. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Kim Tate murders Will Taylor over deadly secret   After this, Little went on to The Flint Street Nativity on ITV and then did some theatre work, playing a young George Harrison in Presence at the Royal Court Theatre. He also recently starred in his own travel series alongside former The Royle Family co-star Ricky Tomlinson in Ricky & Ralf's Very Northern Road Trip on Gold. Our Yorkshire Farm isn't the actor's first experience narrating a series because he has previously been the voice of shows, Last Man Standing and Monkey Life. When Our Yorkshire Farm started airing its fifth series last year, Little took to Twitter, to sum up why he loved the show.   He wrote: "It’s really lovely narrating this show. It’s got everything. "Warmth, adversity, heart, cute kids, cute animals, family, and most of all, love. Oh and Tony The Pony." His compliments didn't go unnoticed by the show's leading lady Amanda Owen who took to social media to respond to his comments. The Yorkshire Shepherdess said: "You do a great job @RalfLittle navigating your way through all their Yorkshireisms! Top man...thank you!" DON'T MISS...Coronation Street fans 'work out' Toyah's killer plan as Imran exits [REACTION]Our Yorkshire Farm: How many children does Clive Owen have? [FAMILY]Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen issues update after lambing struggles [UPDATE] While Little hasn't been confirmed for the upcoming series of Our Yorkshire Farm, it seems most likely he will be reprising his role as narrator. The 42-year-old actor has been commentating on the events of the series for all five previous seasons so he is expected to make a comeback. As of yet though, there has been no word on exactly when Our Yorkshire Farm will be premiering its sixth season.  The Owens have been keeping busy while they have been away from the cameras as they plan to bring a derelict cottage back to life. Amanda and her husband Clive Owen purchased the property High Smithy Holme, known as Anty Johns, last year, which is a short distance from Ravenseat Farm. The couple has since been given planning permission to transform it into a two-bedroom property which they could potentially be planning on renting out to guests. Our Yorkshire Farm is available to watch on My5. 