She was spotted at the Norfolk Show yesterday. Royal watchers reacted with delight after footage of the Princess Royal at the equestrian event was shared on social media. Writing on Twitter, Matthew James (@mattjjjames) said: "Love love love Princess Anne!!" Nancy Lipschultz (@NancyLipschult2) agreed, writing: "The Princess Royal is wonderful and so interested in everything, especially horses and dogs! Perfect." Lizzie Starling (@lstarlingphoto) added: "Fab to spot Princess Anne checking out this gorgeous one at @norfolkshow". Ms Maggies (@MsMaggies1) wrote: "Princess Anne, you should be the next Queen". Meanwhile, Michele Frary (@frary_m) shared a heart emoji in response to the footage. Thousands of visitors gathered in the showground at the equestrian show to catch a glimpse of the royal. She arrived at the event in a black Range Rover and was pictured speaking with stewards from the show and individuals from nearby stalls. The Princess Royal was presented with gifts from stall owners, including a silk scarf and a bird box. More than 90,000 people are expected to be in attendance at the show, which began yesterday and will continue today. The 71-year-old royal, who last attended the show in 2011, made attended the first day of the event. It is expected to draw around £20 million to the local economy, according to Mark Nicholas, Managing Director of the Royal Norfolk Agricultural Association. He described the show as having "cultural" and "social" significance. DON'T MISS: Queen health fears erupt as monarch's bruised hands spark worry [PICTURES]Meghan Markle launches rallying cry ahead of upcoming US election [REPORT] Royal: Harry 'unhappy' despite Meghan attempts at perfect LA life [INSIGHT] Speaking about events like the Norfolk Show, Mr Nicholas said: "They have cultural significance, a social significance and an economic significance. "We know from our studies that the Royal Norfolk Show brings in £20m a year to the local economy - that's a great reason to have the Royal Norfolk Show. "There are nearly 700 businesses who are here exhibiting at the show this year. "It's a great number and it's in line with previous shows. "I think it just reminds us of the demand from business to be able to come in and take part in the Royal Norfolk Show. "The Queen's 70th jubilee is a theme throughout the show and beyond that we are celebrating our own 175th anniversary of the Royal Norfolk Agricultural Association, so lots to celebrate."