When you think about the private life of an A-list actor like Pitt, loneliness doesn’t spring to mind. But in a new interview with GQ, the Fury star revealed he “always felt very alone in my life". He explained: “Alone growing up as a kid, alone even out here, and it’s really not till recently that I have had a greater embrace of my friends and family.” Part of that loneliness may come from his experience with a condition known as “face-blindness”. Pitt shared how he might suffer from prosopagnosia – which is when you cannot recognise people’s faces. It normally affects people from birth and severely impacts everyday life. When the interviewer told him that their husband is also affected by the condition, he cried: “Nobody believes me! I wanna meet another.” The condition is said to affect one in 50 people, according to the NHS. For Pitt, the condition seems to embitter others. READ MORE: Covid: The symptom when you go to the toilet that could be first sign of the virus In an earlier interview with Esquire back in 2013, he said people thought he was “disrespecting them”. He said: “So many people hate me because they think I'm disrespecting them. "So I swear to God, I took one year where I just said, this year, I'm just going to cop to it and say to people, 'Okay, where did we meet?' But it just got worse.” The actor often attempts to provide people with context but it often doesn’t help.  He added: “I p*** more people off. You get this thing, like, 'You're being egotistical. You're being conceited.' But it's a mystery to me, man.” There are two types of prosopagnosia: developmental prosopagnosia – which occurs without the brain being damaged, and acquired prosopagnosia, which occurs after brain damage, often after a stroke or head injury. When the NHS is diagnosing the condition, they may refer people to specialist researchers for assessment. These experts will provide an assessment, often asking you to recognise famous faces, memorise and then recognise faces you’ve never seen, and judge expressions on faces. READ MORE: Endometriosis signs: Does period pain stop you doing your normal activities? Telltale sign  However, some experts may offer a brain scan. Carnegie Mellon, a university in America, offered to image Brad Pitt’s brain back in 2013 to diagnose the condition.In a press release, the institution wrote: “We have the computational tools and technology to push further into looking past one single brain region. “Face blindness is an intriguing neurological disorder, and we have already turned up a few clues as to what causes this problem. “If Mr. Pitt would be willing, we would be honoured to image his brain for diagnostic purposes."  Studies have suggested face blindness may be caused by abnormalities in a part of the brain called the fusiform gyrus. This area of the brain is associated with high-level vision activities, such as reading, recognising objects, and perceiving faces. There is no specific treatment for the condition and people with it may have to use coping strategies. They may need to look for peculiarities in people like the way they walk, their voice, or their clothing, rather than their facial details. 