Manchester United fans think Mike Phelan has fired a dig at Marcus Rashford with his social media activity. The Red Devils star has been posting videos of himself working hard on holiday as he looks to make his mark under Erik ten Hag. However, not everybody is happy with his actions - and Phelan seems to be among them. Manchester United saw Rashford struggle under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term, with the 24-year-old scoring just five goals across all competitions. Since the end of the season, the England international has shared footage of himself working hard in an undisclosed location as he looks to show Ten Hag he can be a vital part of the Dutchman’s project. On Twitter, the account @Struds1972 posted a tweet that said: “Really great to see so many professional football players posting videos of how hard they work during the off-season. “Why not commit 100 per cent the other 48 weeks of the year with club support staff? Then have a well deserved break!” Phelan then decided to retweet the post. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez And fans online think the United coach has aimed a dig at Rashford in the process. One user, @D4DSkeng, said: “Lmao mike phelan retweeting for rashford to see.” Another, going be the username of @ansch27, said: “Phelan throwing shade at Rashford and Sancho?” This promoted a response from @Davidtings83, who chipped in with: “By all accounts it was aimed at Rashford. “Don’t think there’s any question Sancho put in the graft last season. This is all on Rashford and his PR team.” DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen @Archiepollard10 said: “Mike Phelan retweeting, ouch.” Another, @TheTurkishPride, simply decided to tag both Rashford and right-back Aaron Wan-Bissaka in the post. And The United Stand YouTuber Mark Goldridge took to the same platform to say ‘Mike Phelan retweeting this’ accompanying his message with the clapping emoji. Rashford, before last season, appeared to be on the right track to realising his potential after shining under Solskjaer. But he struggled to perform last term, particularly after missing for England at the European Championships. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Rashford missed a penalty in the shootout defeat to Italy, having been brought on by Gareth Southgate late in the contest. And that appeared to impact him, especially given he then had shoulder surgery after his agonising miss. Meanwhile, former United star Paul Parker recently branded Rashford as ‘entitled’ and slammed his attitude at the club. “Marcus Rashford has to understand that he’s got to understand that he’s got to get out of his system of entitlement,” he said. “He’s entitled to nothing, you have to work hard to get anything in life. “And then once you get that, you have to keep working hard, even harder to stay in that position. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Because it is hard to get to the top, top of the league, and it's even harder to stay at the top of the league, and Marcus Rashford has to realise and he’s got to prove a point. “Being a local boy doesn’t guarantee you are going to play regularly for your local team. "He’s got to put everything away in the cupboard, and the only thing that should be in his mindset is football. “And once he does that, it gives him a good platform to start again. “But, I think he has to realise that he’s not going to play, he’s not gonna be involved in the England squad.”