  Megan McCubbin, 27, has spoken out in defence of her stepdad Chris Packham, 61, who is often very vocal about his opinions on climate change and the treatment of animals. The fellow Springwatch presenter insisted it was important for people like herself and Chris with high profiles to fight for their planet in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk.      Megan, who has recently teamed up with Lovat Parks, spoke about the wondrous benefits of “connecting to our wild side” during the lockdown, as she explained how important it was to speak out about the issues affecting our planet. Chris has been outspoken in his views about climate activism and animal welfare, which has earned him some enemies who do not agree with his strong stances. Megan seems to be following in her stepdad’s footsteps, as she is also vocal about these issues. Asked if she felt it was important for people with a public profile like herself to speak about the issues facing our planet and its wildlife, she responded: “Somebody's got to talk about them. READ MORE: David Hasselhoff, 69 steps out with wife Hayley Roberts, 42     “It's really important that we communicate honestly about the issues going on in the world. “And not only the issues, but the solutions, whether those solutions are driving an electric car or you know, watching what you eat, eating more environmentally friendly foods… “And it's really important that - not only do we talk about it - but we do it ourselves, as well. “So yes, I think it's important to stand up for what we believe in,” she continued.      “And for myself, I'll do anything to protect the natural world, because sometimes you see it and you hear about the decline and it can be really challenging. “And so if I can do anything and use my voice to communicate for those species that are in decline. “And if I can use my voice to encourage and motivate someone else to take action, then of course I'm going to do it,” she concluded. Megan joined Springwatch in 2020 at the height of the pandemic and appeared on camera with Chris, who has presented the show since 2009. READ MORE... X Factor star hit by tragedy as fiancee dies on wedding morning [BREAKING] Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux  [INSIGHT] 'Horrendous!' Bake Off's Paul Hollywood on marriage breakdown scrutiny [NEWS]      Viewers loved her on-screen chemistry with Chris, whom she also locked down with in his New Forest home during the pandemic. Megan has teamed up with Lovat Parks to reveal the ‘Big 5’ animals that can be spotted on our very own isles this summer in places like Cornwall, Norfolk and the New Forest. A report for the project by Professor Andrea Mechelli has shown getting back to nature can significantly reduce feelings of loneliness, and developing mental health problems such as depression and anxiety. In light of this, Megan is encouraging people to enjoy the stunning wildlife the UK has to offer for their own “physical and mental wellbeing”, as she unveils her unique list of breathtaking animals local to the British Isles.      The presenter also offered her own advice for observing wildlife, warning: “I’d say take a step back and just watch from a distance. That's why a good pair of binoculars or a camera really helps, because you can get up close to detail and behaviour without disturbing the animal and just be quiet. “Sit down and lower your voice, don't be stomping around, and you'll be amazed how accepting wildlife is and you'll see some intimate behaviours that you could never dream of. “The best wildlife experiences I've ever had have been when you've respected the animal and they're comfortable with you. So take a step back, remain quiet, sit down and just watch." Megan McCubbin has identified the UK’s ‘Big 5’ summer wildlife wonders in collaboration with Lovat Parks, the UK’s first B-Corp certified holiday park, encouraging the nation to connect with their wild side this summer and explore the rich diversity of nature in the UK. Visit www.lovatparks.com/thebig5 for more info and to download Megan’s Map along with top tips for responsible wildlife spotting.   