Leeds have hit problems with their pursuit of Club Brugge star Noa Lang as Jesse Marsch aims to bolster his team. Marsch guided Leeds to safety on the final day of the Premier League season, thanks to a win at Brentford. The American is now looking to revamp his squad to avoid a repeat of last campaign's disappointment which left Leeds battling the drop. He is expected to see both Kalvin Phillips and Raphinha depart Elland Road for pastures new, leaving a huge gap in his options. To fill the hole that Raphinha is going to leave if he does indeed depart, Marsch is targeting Lang. The 22-year-old has starred in Belgium since joining Brugge from Ajax in 2020, scoring nine goals and notching 15 assists last season. His performances helped them to win the Juplier Pro League and he also played all 90 minutes as they defeated RB Leipzig, then managed by Marsch, in the Champions League group stages. Marsch clearly liked what he saw from the winger as he is now trying to sign him for Leeds. READ MORE: Man Utd ‘outbid Barcelona for Raphinha transfer’ as Deco takes action But The Telegraph report that they are facing competition for the Netherlands international from AC Milan and West Ham. Both of those teams can offer the chance of playing in European competition, putting them ahead of Leeds. With the Whites appearing to have fallen back in the race to sign Lang, Marsch is now said to be turning his attention to Rabbi Matondo. Matondo is on the list of alternative options, presenting the chance for Marsch to sign his own Jadon Sancho. DON'T MISS: PSG rival Man City for Kalvin Phillips transfer as 'enquiries' made (NEWS)Leeds could make four more signings once Orta completes £10m signing (TRANSFERS)Man Utd to rue Kalvin Phillips transfer miss with Leeds ace to depart (INSIGHT) Like Sancho, Matondo spent part of his academy years at Manchester City, but left in the search for more playing time. That is something he got on loan from Schalke at Belgian side Cercle Brugge last season, scoring 10 goals in all competitions. Also similarly to Sancho, he was also on the periphery of the City first-team but opted to leave in January 2019 for £11million. He could now be set to return to England, where he would be facing Sancho, who endured a difficult debut season at Manchester United last year.