 Both petrol and diesel costs soared to another record high over the weekend, with drivers paying more than £100 to fill up an average sized tank. To try and combat this, many drivers have adopted hypermiling techniques including removing excess weight, anticipating traffic patterns and reducing speed.  However, fuel-saving tips can apply even when they are not driving, but at the petrol station instead. Consumer journalist Andy Webb said on his Cash Chats podcast: “Don’t necessarily fill up. You don’t have to wait until it clicks every time. "It may well be that you know you only need half a tank to get home, so only put half a tank in. “In fact, one of the things that can help you with fuel consumption as well is weight. READ MORE: The ideal mileage to look for when buying a used car  “Sometimes it is also not a bad idea to put half the petrol into the fuel tank rather than fill it all the way up because that means it will last that little bit longer because there is less weight in the car from that fuel.” Mr Webb, who also runs the Be Clever With Your Cash website, said it could be worth ignoring that advice if drivers find a particularly good deal on fuel, meaning it is better to fill up right to the top, the Daily Record reported. Some supermarkets can often have some of the most competitive prices at the forecourts, with drivers being urged to take advantage. When making the weekly shop, motorists could fill up at the pumps too, making use of the loyalty points that most supermarkets offer. DON'T MISSPetrol stations reveal the ‘shocking’ amount of money they make [SHOCKING]When will petrol prices come down? Expert predicts [EXPERT]Drivers can save 60 percent on new electric cars without grants [INSIGHT]  There are also cashback debit and credit cards that mean drivers can earn some money when filling up. Petrol across the UK set a new average price record yesterday despite wholesale costs heading to forecourts falling since the Jubilee. This comes as millions are set to be affected by rail and tube strikes. Many people will be forced back into their cars to make the morning commute, the school run, attend exams and get to Glastonbury festival.  On Sunday, the average pump price of petrol reached 188.70p a litre. A week ago it cost 185.04p and a year ago 131.10p. Diesel has also continued to rise, averaging 196.06p a litre yesterday. This time last week it had reached 190.92p and, 12 months ago, 133.47p a litre.   Luke Bosdet, the AA’s spokesman on pump prices, said drivers dace record pump prices at a time when the cost of living crisis is already hammering Britons. He added: “Since the Jubilee, the wholesale cost of petrol has fallen. “That is over a period that the oil industry says is long enough for changes in costs to start to be reflected at the pump. “And yet, the average price of petrol across the UK hasn’t even levelled out. It has continued to rise to new records. “UK consumers who use cars deserve to be treated so much more fairly by the road fuel trade. If forecourts don’t start to lower petrol prices this week, it will be a disgrace.”