Carer’s Allowance Supplement is a benefit payment administered by Social Security Scotland. To get this support, unpaid carers need to already be in receipt of Carer’s Allowance which is provided by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Unlike most benefit payments, Carer’s Allowance Supplement is reserved solely for people living in Scotland as it originated from the devolved Government. It is paid in two instalments over the space of a year with the overall amount someone can claim being £491.40. The next payment of the Carer’s Allowance Supplement is set to be paid later this week on June 10, 2022. Claimants will get a sizeable lump sum of money worth £245.70 this coming Friday, however they will need to have been in receipt of Carer’s Allowance as of April 11, 2022 to get it. The following payment of the Social Security Scotland support scheme will be handed out sometime in December, however no set date has been given. READ MORE: State pensioners may get extra £92 per week for hearing loss “We have worked hard to make sure our client correspondence is clear, that our service on the phone is friendly and informative and that people feel like they are being treated with dignity, fairness and respect in every interaction with us. “This has clearly worked and is something we will build upon as we introduce future benefits.” Shirley-Anne Somerville, the Scottish Government’s Cabinet Secretary for Social Security, outlined why this latest benefit support is being rolled out for carers in Scotland. Ms Somerville explained: “Making these payments will represent a historic moment, launching a new public service that will deliver a social security system that treats people with dignity, fairness and respect. “We recognise the important contribution carers make, and we believe the current total paid out to them is not enough. “This supplementary payment allows us to get more money in the pockets of carers in Scotland as quickly as possible. “Having new powers over social security means we can make this a reality and this additional payment is in recognition of the important contribution carers make to society.” Only residents in Scotland are able to claim this support, however those who are eligible can still get Carer’s Allowance. Unpaid carers in England and Wales can still get £69.70 a week if they look after someone for at least 35 hours a week through the DWP. The person they are caring for must also be in receipt of at least one of the qualifying benefit payments. Said payments include the Personal Independence Payment (PIP), the daily living component of Disability Living Allowance and the middle or highest care rate of Attendance Allowance.