Brenda Blethyn has played the DCI Vera Stanhope in the hit ITV series since it began in 2011. The detective was originally paired with her sidekick Joe Ashworth (played by David Leon) before he left to spend more time with his family in 2014. He was promptly replaced by Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty) who has been by Vera's side ever since. Despite the show's success, Brenda admitted there was no guarantee that Vera was going to be commissioned when they first started. "The pilot we knew it would work and Adrian Shergold did a wonderful first episode and we were all hopeful that it would have a life, but there was no guarantee of that," she began. "And so we were all over the moon when ITV commissioned it for the first series, and here we are. "And each time it's recommissioned it's a thrill because it's a bit like a family away from home. READ MORE: Queen shocks fans in brilliant Paddington skit "The crew, a lot of the crew are local people, and there are lots of productions being made there, but they're all loyal to here and they will come back." Speaking about what it was like to play a strong female lead detective, the 76-year-old admitted in an interview with BritBox: "It's a long time coming, isn't it for women to get their foot in the door and playing leads. "But it's happening in life. I mean, the head of the Met [Metropolitan Police] is a woman, the head of Northumberland police who's actually called Vera, is luckily a woman. "So I mean, it's kind of reflecting real life, women are getting the jobs that have always been set aside for men." Discussing her character's own conflict with her father in the ITV series, she added: "Vera's father being one of those people who thought Vera was a woman in a man's job. "And that's why there was a conflict with her and her father, he didn't approve of her and there's still a lot of people like that, but we're overcoming it. "And I think it's strange that America doesn't have female leads in the way that we do, since they seem to have equality and everything else. "Ever since you've got could start a car on the ignition, I think and not having to turn the crank handle, women have been equal partners." DON'T MISS...Hunniford in savage Meghan swipe upon Jubilee return [VIDEO]Rod Stewart defends Sweet Caroline Jubilee performance [REACTION]Vera's Brenda Blethyn pays tribute to co-star [INSIGHT] Brenda's character is renowned for her signature look, and she is rarely seen without her trusty hat and mack coat. Elsewhere in the interview, the actress hit back at criticism over DCI Stanhope's appearance. "I think people like Vera because she's a woman of a certain age," the actress said. "She doesn't look like she's just walked off a catwalk.  "[Her] Performance is not dependent on lipstick and I think people just appreciate that. "Sometimes people say to me, 'Oh you wouldn't be able to wear those clothes going to work'. "They're all good clothes that Vera wears, she just doesn't look in a mirror." "She doesn't see if this blouse goes with that skirt or whatever and I just like that about her. She's thinking about the job in hand...not thinking about herself all the time. Vera is expected to air on ITV later this year.