Mice are especially nasty pests. They are very unhygienic, can spread diseases and cause damage to your property - chewing on furniture, walls, cables, pipes, etc. Sealing holes around your house, keeping food properly and carefully stored, cleaning regularly, as well as placing traps and poison, are the main things most of us do in an attempt to keep mice at bay or get rid of them. But did you know that some specific smells are believed to repel mice and deter them from infesting your home? This is a great natural method to use in your fight against these annoying little creatures. Pest control specialists at Fantastic Pest Control have shared the top smells mice absolutely “detest”. One of the best scents mice cannot stand is lavender due to its pungent odour. The experts explained: “Mice truly detest the lavender scent, so if you apply it properly, this might be a good way to scare them away and avoid infestations. “What’s more - lavender generally helps lower anxiety and improve sleep, so there are some positive side effects for you.” READ MORE: ‘The best approach’ to get rid of carpet beetles in your home Homeowners need only two things - lavender essential oil and cotton balls. The pest pros instructed: “Carefully pour eight to 10 drops of lavender oil on each cotton ball. “Following that, place the cotton balls near possible entry points of mice. “Leave them there until the scent is gone and repeat the process again if required.” DON'T MISS: How to achieving the ‘best possible surface’ for paint [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easiest’ way to clean inside radiators [TIPS]How to water plants while on holiday - approach for ‘best results’ [INSIGHT] Chilli powder can also be used as a “very effective” mice repellent treatment. The experts explained: “Capsaicin is an active ingredient, contained in chilli peppers, causing irritation when injected or inhaled. “This is what makes chilli oil or powder a very effective mice deterrent.” To use this method, simply scatter some chilli powder or pour a few drops of chilli oil around possible entry points of mice. Homeowners can do the same with areas where mice like to hide - e.g. behind furniture or in crawl spaces. Eucalyptus is also known to emit a “proven strong” scent that mice despise. The pest control experts said: “It is proven that the eucalyptus scent is a strong mice repellent. “You can easily mix up a DIY eucalyptus oil spray using two teaspoons of eucalyptus oil, one cup of water and a couple of drops of liquid detergent.” Spray the final results around your home and especially areas with a high chance of mice gaining entry - around drains, cracks and holes in walls, floorboards, skirting boards, etc. They added: “Repeat this process once every week for optimal results.” The final scent that can be used to deter mice from homes is mint. However, the experts noted that homeowners should make sure to use spearmint. They suggested: “If you have a garden and have the time, you can plant and grow mint on your own.” As with the other methods, leave small pots of mint around entry points to the home. Those who prefer essential oils can use 100 percent pure peppermint oil. Similarly to the lavender essential oil, pour a few drops of the peppermint oil on cotton balls, scatter them around the property and leave them there until the scent is gone.