It is so severe people will willingly declare that men can have female genitalia, and vice versa. They will readily announce Winston Churchill, the greatest Briton of all, was actually a vile racist, and that the world’s people belong in only two categories: victims and oppressors. And now the plague has reached the Government itself. As a result, Wimbledon tennis is about to pay a huge price, with Britain humiliated on the world stage. How did it come to this? Until this year, the world’s greatest tennis tournament was one of the few accolades Britain could still claim to hold. But now, unless there’s a humiliating climbdown or grubby compromise, Wimbledon will be relegated to a second-rate exhibition tournament. No wonder some players are wondering whether they can be bothered to turn up. Might as well win some points in Timbuktu. Or lie on a beach. What a spectacular British own goal – and all because the Government has taken the dumb decision to ban Russian and Belarusian players. Quite understandably, the men’s and women’s tennis governing bodies have responded by announcing that if blameless players are banned purely because of where they were born, then no ranking points can be on offer. Put that in your strawberries and cream and stir it. And now comes the truly farcical bit: the Government’s decision makes it far more likely that a Russian player, Daniil Medvedev, currently world men’s number two, will end Wimbledon as number one, even though he can’t play. That’s because Novak Djokovic, current number one, will have no chance to defend the 2000 ranking points he got from winning Wimbledon last year. Meanwhile Medvedev, who only made the round of 16, will lose a mere 180, and will therefore almost certainly leap into top spot. You couldn’t make it up. Only the UK Government has acted with such stunning lack of thought. France hasn’t done anything so dumb, so the French Open, currently being played in Paris, retains its status and ranking points. The same goes for the US Open later in the summer. Clearly, unlike ours, the French and US governments thought it through. They considered how tennis actually works. They recognised that players can compete as neutral citizens rather than representatives of a nation. In contrast, our government appears only to have considered the optics. Oh, if we ban Russians we’ll be showing how virtuous Britain is. We’ll gain everyone’s respect. We’ll lead the world. No, we’ll just be humiliated. Let me be clear: I’m a massive hawk on Ukraine. I want Russia blasted out of the Donbas and Crimea. I want Russia to pay reparations for as long as it takes. I regard Putin as a modern-day Hitler. In all other respects, I regard British policy on Ukraine as dead right and a source of pride. But does banning Russians from Wimbledon help our cause? Nope. What does Ukraine gain from it? Zilch. Does Ukraine recover a square millimetre of territory in the Donbas? Does it save even one life? Does Putin lose a minute of sleep? No, no and no. The Government took this decision, in part, to prevent the embarrassment of the Duchess of Cambridge having to present the winner’s trophy to a Russian.   Well, for goodness sake, even in that unlikely event, I’m quite sure she’d have got over it, and equally sure the monarchy would have survived without undue damage. That’s the trouble with worrying only about the optics. It gets you into deeper and deeper trouble. Look, for example, at the lockdown regulations forced upon us these last two years – so extreme that sitting on a park bench and holding the hand of a loved one at a funeral were suddenly illegal. We know it was all virtue-signalling claptrap because Downing Street insiders saw no danger to themselves or others in breaking the rules. No wonder Boris Johnson’s position is on a knife edge. Signal your virtue? Store up trouble. And now Wimbledon is enduring a giant, global face-slap because of exactly the same disease. Only Daniil Medvedev, and, yes, Putin himself, come up smiling. Thank goodness there’s a simple solution. The Government must make another screeching U-turn and admit that it simply got it wrong. Wimbledon begins in just a few weeks. There’s no time to lose. So let’s stop signalling and get cracking. 