June 30 is a tough day for many players who may be struggling to find a new club upon the expiration of their contract. Some, however, remain in high demand as top sides position themselves to pounce on a free transfer opportunity that could define their summer. Express Sport analyses six of the best - some of whom are being watched closely by Chelsea, Tottenham and Manchester United. Barcelona and Dembele's camp have been in deadlock for months, with the player's side demanding more money and the club turning out empty pockets. Barca fans have held out hope that a new deal could be struck, but time is running out to make it happen. This week, French outlet L'Equipe described the chase for Dembele as a two-horse race between Barcelona and Chelsea. The Blues could be about to spend big on Manchester City's Raheem Sterling, but the opportunity to sign the electric Frenchman, who notched 13 La Liga assists last term, may be too tempting to turn down. A terrific half-season with Brentford has put the Dane well and truly back on the map. There has been no shortage of interest in whisking him away from west London, but as yet, the silky midfielder has kept suitors waiting on his final decision. While a reunion with Tottenham appeared on the cards, they have supposedly decided against following up on their initial enquiry, which leaves it a two-way tussle between the Bees and Manchester United.  JUST IN: Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd plan De Jong unveiling, Spurs medical latest, Raphinha meeting Due to turn 30 next season, Lingard supposedly believes that now is the right time to find regular football away from Old Trafford. He seemingly thought as much in January, before the Red Devils blocked his loan exit. A move for Lingard would likely have been sewn up weeks ago were if not for his extortionate wages, which have prompted teams to think twice before pulling the trigger. West Ham are still believed to be in pole position, however, after a superb partnership between the player and David Moyes during a six-month loan in 2020/21. DON'T MISS: Manchester United look set to sign another Jadon Sancho for Erik ten Hag within days  Juventus have officially bid farewell to Paulo Dybala via a heartfelt statement released on Thursday. Almost 300 appearances and 115 goals for the club make him a serious player on the European stage, but he is yet to finalise his next move. A switch across Serie A to Inter Milan had been touted, but negotiations appear to have stalled which could leave the door ajar for other interested parties. Tottenham had been linked earlier in the summer, but wage demands and their imminent swoop for Richarlison may prevent things moving forward. A player who has been linked with a move to the Premier League for what seems like an eternity is finally set to leave Real Madrid after nine years, but English sides are hardly queueing up to sign him. The 30-year-old playmaker only made 14 league appearances last term, making him a gamble that, evidently, not many sides are prepared to take. Nevertheless, the likes of Real Betis, Sevilla and Roma are all believed to be sniffing around a potential free transfer that could see the Spaniard given a new lease of life. Seven seasons with Torino is set to come to an end this summer after an eight-goal haul in Serie A, his lowest since 2014/15. But the tremendous goal-scoring ability the Italian showed in seasons prior is still enough to draw plenty of interest. Newcastle United were supposedly turned down in January as Belotti waited for an opportunity to join AC Milan, but with the Rossoneri instead moving for Divock Origi, the case has been blown wide open again. It remains to be seen whether the Magpies revisit their interest, or whether links to Roma and Monaco gather pace.