Weather forecasting maps have turned Crimson ahead of temperatures possibly rocketing to levels not seen for more than a century. Thermometers will rocket to 35C (95F) in parts of the UK within the next 48 hours as the nation braces for possibly the hottest June on record.  Temperatures this week will hit the required threshold to be classed as a heatwave, but must persist for three days to become official. The government has, however, issued a level-2 ‘alert and readiness’ heat health alert across southern Britain. A level-1 alert covers parts of central and northern England with both warnings coming into force on Friday. Dr Agostinho Sousa, head of extreme events and Health Protection at The UK Health Security Agency, said: “High temperatures are expected in some parts of the Midlands and the south on Friday. “We want everyone to enjoy the hot weather safely when it arrives and be aware of good health advice for coping with warmer conditions. “During periods of hot weather, it is especially important to keep checking on those who are most vulnerable, such as older people and those with heart or lung conditions.  Dan Rudman, deputy chief meteorologist at the Met Office, added: “This is the first spell of hot weather this year and it is unusual for temperatures to exceed these values in June. “Many areas will also see some warm nights with minimum temperatures expected to be in the high teens or even low 20s for some overnight.’’ Temperatures will rise day to day reaching a climax on Friday with parts of the country baking into the weekend. Scotland and northern Britain are now also fry in freakish heat although showers will bring some relief.  Temperatures will be ‘significantly above average’ by Thursday especially across London and the southeast. Met Office meteorologist Aidan McGivern said: “Temperatures are rising day by day, and by Wednesday they will be in the high-20Cs with 27C being the highest. “On Thursday temperatures will continue to rise significantly above average with 29C for parts of the southeast. “But it is not just the southeast that will see temperatures in the low-to mid-20s, it will be quite widespread. “Friday will be the hottest day of the week and there will be a significant jump in temperatures between Thursday and Friday as that continental plume grips the UK. “We are looking at a most likely temperature 34C and that may be in London.” Hot weather will arrive in the form of a plume of air sweeping through the Continent from the African desert. Daily records for June may fall with an outside chance this week may break overall UK temperature records. However, the heatwave will be brief and will give way to cooler winds from the north at the weekend. Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, said: “The temperatures from this desert plume coming through France from Africa could reach 35C at the end of the week.  “It will be the hottest spell of the year so far, and these sorts of temperatures will certainly be in the running to knock on the door of the record books. “The jet stream is to the north of the UK and this will be part of the driver for bringing hot air up from the south into Britain. “This is not going to be a long spell of hot weather, and may only last just past the end of the week.” Bookmaker Coral has slashed the odds to 2-1 on this month seeing the hottest June temperature of 35.6C. Spokesman Harry Aitkenhead said: “This week is going to be sweltering and we now make this month odds on to enter the record books as the UK's hottest June on record.” The current temperature record for June 15 is 30.7C recorded at Brampford Speke, Devon, in 1896, while for June 16 it is 31C recorded in Southampton in 1893, and for June 17, 33.9C captured at Little Massingham, Norfolk, in 1917. 