Susanna Reid and Adil Ray welcomed Marvyn Harrison and Gifty Enright on ITV’s Good Morning Britain on Monday to debate the possibility of giving children just four days in school a week. While Marvyn argued it would benefit children’s mental health, Gifty was firmly against the idea as she raised the point it would be a strain on childcare and it was some children’s only chance of a hot meal. And it seemed ITV viewers were on side with Gifty, with a GMB poll revealing just 26 percent of viewers were in agreement with a four-day school week. This meant in contrast, a staggering 74 percent of viewers did not think it was a good idea. Podcast host Marvyn first argued: "I feel it’s really important to listen to what our children are asking for, and if you look at the statistics, it says one in six children actually need the break, they’re actually having mental health challenges. "We’ve really got to consider and listen to young people and not just, as adults, create a world just for us and ignore what their needs are." READ MORE: BBC Breakfast host worries fans after rush to hospital "So you’re saying it’s a good idea because kids then get more rest which makes them function better than at school," Susanna replied. The GMB host then put to parenting expert Gifty: "Gifty, that’s a good argument, isn’t it?" Gifty emphatically replied: "No, that’s not a good argument at all. "So school serves three functions. It’s not just the educational aspect of things, there’s also that kids have their social lives there and there are mums and dads this morning with one eye on their kids feeding them their cornflakes and breaking out in hives at the thought of a four-day week for the kids.  "This is really like transferring the stress from their kids onto the parents." And support for Gifty was reflected in the reaction to the debate, with many blasting the idea. Twitter user @kazzy056 fumed: “@GMB 4 day weeks for school, are you serious, the teachers get enough time off with given them a four day week and how do parents who work a full week manage this?” Marcus Aurelius agreed: “All the lost learning time due to Covid and we’re debating about having a 4 day week?” DON'T MISS:BBC Breakfast's Jon Kay pays tribute to Dad's Army Frank Williams'What an absolute waste!' Top Gear fans slam BBC as cars scrapped'Embarrassing!' Glastonbury fans fume as Roe v Wade protest censored While Nicolette Poyzer pointed out: “My kids already get such pressure as school don't have enough time to fit in the amount they need to learn in school time, meaning more and more homework! “Ideally I think the kids need an extra year at senior school!” And @Chaarlie0106 fumed: “A 4 day week for school?? Give me strength!! They're only in 6 hours a day! #gmb.” Meanwhile, @naffraf suggested children needed longer in the classroom, tweeting: “@GMB Kids should have longer at school especially as we're trying to catch up after the pandemic..Cutting days will make it worse fgs.”  And @Michaela Marie84 remarked: ”@GMB a 4 day week?! I don't agree. "What about the poor kids who rely on school to escape from hell, or the kids who only eat when they are at school. “This is a terrible idea!!” They simply concluded. (sic) Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.