Arsenal look set to miss out on Leeds winger Raphinha with the Brazilian star ‘willing to wait’ to join Barcelona instead. The Gunners are the only club to have submitted a formal offer for the star however it was swiftly rejected by Leeds for being too low. Given the player's aim to hold out for a move to Spain instead Mikel Arteta may be forced to look elsewhere to reinforce their attack. Here Express Sport takes a look at the options they could turn to. Richarlison The Everton striker finished the season in tremendous form scoring six times in his last nine games with goals that proved crucial to the Toffees staying in the Premier League. However, the Brazilian international has made clear that he would like to test himself at a higher level in order to solidify his position in the national squad so looks set to move on from Goodison Park. The Gunners have been linked with a move for the player who could end up costing in excess of £50million. This may be off-putting to the North London club but they may test Everton’s resolve with a lower offer as the club are suffering under the strain of financial fair play regulations. This may just prove to be enough to force the Merseysiders to sell. Ousmane Dembele Should Raphinha end up joining Barcelona then it is likely he will be signing as a replacement for Dembele. The French winger is yet to accept a new contract at the La Liga giants and therefore could be set to leave on a free transfer. This may be enough to tempt the Gunners who could sign a mercurial talent for a very cheap price. However, any deal for the wide-man would be difficult to pull off. The 25-year-old is understandably attracting interest from across Europe given his contract situation and has been linked with the likes of PSG and Chelsea. It would be a difficult deal to complete but Arsenal would be securing a player with world-class abilities should they pull it off. Jarrod Bowen Arsenal have also been linked with a move for West Ham star Bowen reports last week suggesting that the club had made contact with the former Hull star’s representatives. The winger enjoyed a fantastic season for the Hammers scoring 17 times in all competitions last season. Signing the England international would also bring additional benefits as it would help to majorly weaken one of Arsenal’s closest rivals. However, given Bowen’s importance to the way West Ham like to play it is highly unlikely that David Moyes would sanction a sale for the player. The Scot is instead preparing to offer his key player a new contract in order to stave off attention from elsewhere - but Arsenal may still be a tempting step-up for Bowen. Raheem Sterling Recent reports have suggested that Chelsea are keen on taking Sterling from Manchester City which could encourage Arsenal to hijack their rivals' move for the player who they were reportedly very interested in last season. An Arsenal transfer still seems remote given the high transfer fee involved and the club's lack of Champions League football. The north Londoners are also very interested in signing Gabriel Jesus from the Premier League champions and it is unlikely Pep Guardiola will sanction a move for two players to a potential rival. But Sterling cannot be completely ruled out of a move to Arsenal given the interest in him.