Holly Willoughby, 41, stunned as she flashed her toned arms in a floral dress number for the Platinum Jubilee Pageant today. The This Morning presenter was joined by the likes of Rylan Clark, AJ Odudu and Nicole Scherzinger on the 2010's themed bus. The blue floral halterneck dress looked stunning with its keyhole detail and dazzling floral print. She beamed as she smiled and waved to the many onlookers at the memorable parade. Holly styled the outfit once off the bus with a large blue overcoat, sticking to the Royal theme. She styled her blonde tresses in an updo and went for a simple yet effective makeup palette. READ MORE: Lara Lewington sparks concern with 'stitched up' face snap Holly took to Instagram to share a selection of snaps from the "dreamy day" in view of her 7.8 million followers. The presenter couldn't contain her smile as she posed for selfies on the 2010's double-decker alongside Rylan Clark and friends. She captioned the post: "Day of dreams…. Happy Happy Platinum Jubilee your Majesty… we LOVE you." Many social media users rushed to the comments to compliment the presenter on her youthful looks and share their excitement over the memorable day. Xhollys.healthy.habitsx said: "National Treasure, gorgeous human!" Spires.carol added: "You looked so happy and genuinely overwhelmed by it all! Lucky you!!" MilesBentley17 commented: "Sensational 4 days. Proud to be British." Holly was not the only member of her bus to leave a lasting impression. DON'T MISS... Dan Walker makes jibe at Rod Stewart's 'baffling' Jubilee performance [COMMENT] Piers Morgan's fresh jibe to Gary Lineker at Platinum Jubilee [OPINION] Patriotic Kate Moss, 48, wears Union Jack ensemble for Jubilee [PICS] The former Pussycat doll Nicole looked elegant in a cream floral dress and matching fascinator. While Radio 2 presenter Rylan opted for a stand out white jacket and black smart trousers. Rylan shared a behind the scenes glimpse at the shenanigans as he took to his Instagram earlier today. Prior to the event, Rylan took to Instagram to share a snap of himself with his X Factor idol Nicole. He captioned the snap: "My Fair Scherzy x #10." (sic) Later he shared a shot to his Instagram Stories as he posed with Holly and Coronation Street's Anthony Cotton. Martin Lewis, Sir Cliff Richard, Gary Lineker, Dame Shirley Bassey and Idris Elba were among the 150 celebrities that travelled in double-decker buses to pay homage to the Queen's final day of her Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The colourful open-top buses each mark the seven decades of Her Majesty's reign, which were covered with images and famous slogans from the time period.