Gareth Bale's time at Real Madrid is finally over after the Welshman penned an emotional farewell statement to the club's fans. Bale has endured a challenging time at the Bernabeu in recent seasons but insisted his move to Spain had been a dream come true. "I arrived here nine years ago as a young man who wanted to realise ny dream of playing for Real Madrid. To wear the pristine white kit, to wear the crest on my chest, to play the Santiago Bernabeu, to win titles and to be part of what it's so famous for, to win the Champions League," the statement read. "I can now look back, reflect and say with honesty that this dream became a reality and much, much more. To be a part of this club's history and to acheive what we acheived while I was a Real Madrid player has been an incredible experience and one I will never forget. It has been an honour. Thank you! Hala Madrid!" Bale will now have to weigh up his options ahead after his departure, having already seen Atletico Madrid reject the chance to sign him. Here, Daily Express Sport looks at four possible scenarios that could play out. READ MORE: Gareth Bale confirms Real Madrid transfer exit in classy statement Cardiff It is expected that Bale's next move will be the final one of his career and what better way to end than with a fairytale move to one of Wales' biggest clubs. The Bluebirds endured a challenging campaign in the Championship and would surely be delighted to bring in a player of Bale's stature. Aston Villa Despite continued talk of retirement, Bale is still only 32 and is clearly capable of delivering in the Premier League. A move to a team fighting at the top of the league would be unlikely, but joining an upwardly mobile team such as Aston Villa could be the perfect move, with Steven Gerrard in the market for attacking reinforcements. DON'T MISS: Tottenham and Man Utd put on red alert after Gareth Bale PL hint (TRANSFERS)Newcastle recommended 'superstar signing' to take Howe's XI up a level (INSIGHT)Bale's agent takes aim at Real Madrid and addresses retirement rumours (NEWS) Newcastle Newcastle are set for a total squad overhaul this summer as Eddie Howe begins his quest turn them into trophy contenders. The club's Saudi Arabia owners will likely want to sign a big name player for their brand, in a similar way to PSG, with Bale likely an achievable target. Retirement Bale is likely to wait until after Wales' World Cup qualifying play-offs campaign before coming to a decision on his future. If the Dragons are not able to reach the winter tournament, then it would not be a surprise for their captain to call time on his career, with the next major tournament two years away.