After premiering last September on CBS, it didn’t take long for the latest NCIS spin-off to find its audience and pick up a renewal for season two. With the highly anticipated follow-up to NCIS: Hawaii set to hit screens after the summer, main cast member Jason Antoon confirmed on his Instagram filming should be beginning imminently. Jason revealed he was flying to Hawaii this week to begin work on the second season of NCIS’ latest popular offshoot. On his Instagram Stories, he posted a picture of the beverage he was enjoying on his flight over. He accompanied the post with the classic tune Aloha-Oe to get into the spirit. “Guava juice to start the journey of season two,” Jason captioned the update. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jacob Gallagher's linked to Nicola King's attacker The cast have been taking a well-earned break since filming for the first season of NCIS: Hawaii came to an end in March this year. However, the hiatus thankfully won’t last for too long before Jason is joined by Vanessa Lachey, Yasmine al-Bustami and the rest of the cast. This version of the NCIS team operates from the Pearl Harbour Field Office, and the series is filmed on-location near Honolulu. Despite some concerns over yet another NCIS spin-off hitting screens, Hawaii became a smash hit for CBS with its first season. Each episode drew in at least 7-8 million viewers worldwide, and the anticipation is high for Jane Tennant (played by Lachey) and the team’s next missions. It shouldn’t take long for filming to get underway upon Jason’s arrival, as series lead Vanessa and husband Nick permanently moved to Hawaii in 2021. Although the series has become another popular addition to the NCIS canon, co-creator Christopher Silber recently admitted returning to the franchise was a tough decision. In an interview with the Screaming into the Hollywood Abyss podcast, he called the flagship show “a horrible place to work". DON'T MISS:Simon Cowell covers his eyes as act balances neck on sword [VIDEO]NCIS’ Pauley Perrette thrills fans with co-star reunion [LATEST]Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly teases big change to Beth [INSIGHT] “Every day you wondered if it was going to be your last day. Every single day," he said. Thankfully, Christopher decided to give the world a second chance after being let go by creator Don Bellisario at the end of the third season of NCIS. “The reason why I was able to go back and go back with the right attitude was A, time, because it was many years later, all things equal, when I came back,” he explained. “Another reason why I was able to go back and not have that sort of bitterness or cynicism or chip on my shoulder, is because every single other human being who works on that show and continues to work on that show, they are the kindest, most wonderful people.” He also credited series lead Mark Harmon, who portrayed team leader Leroy Gibbs until recently, for tempting him back to the world of NCIS. Christopher recalled: “All the other writers, everyone in production and, of course, Mark Harmon… and credit where credit is due, Mark Harmon was a big reason why I came back. “He was a big fan and he said to me he felt responsible to a certain extent for not realising what was going on in the writers' room while he was trying to survive being on set. “And it was very important to him to have other people, not just me, to have me back.” Christopher’s return to the franchise has clearly paid off, as there’ll be millions of eyes on NCIS: Hawaii’s second season when it begins in a few months’ time. NCIS Hawaii is available to watch on CBS in America. A UK release date is yet to be announced.