Chelsea Fox (played by Zaraah Abrahams) has been adjusting to life as a single mum in EastEnders with the help of close friend Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty). However, in upcoming episodes, the market trader will become increasingly worried about the new mum and she may consider whether a fresh start is what’s needed for Chelsea and baby Jordan. Next week on the BBC soap, Chelsea is worried when Jordan seems under the weather. She’s encouraged to carry on as normal and heads off to work. Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean) realises something isn’t right with Chelsea and hatches a plan. She suggests to Denise Fox (Diane Parish) that they could install a baby monitor so the concerned mother can see Jordan whenever she wants. Later, Denise stops by and tells her daughter what they’ve done putting Chelsea’s mind at ease. Read more: EastEnders fans 'work out' Linda Carter's revenge plot on Janine After her shift, Sharon invites Chelsea to stay for a drink. However, the new mum is horrified when she returns home to find paramedics looking after Jordan. In the hospital, Chelsea is distraught as she awaits news about her son’s mystery illness. When the doctor informs her Jordan is sick with suspected meningitis, Chelsea blames herself. A concerned Whitney wants to help but is at a loss. Will the market trader realise Chelsea will continue to be haunted by the ghosts of her past as long as she lives in Walford? Kim arrives and Chelsea opens up to her aunt about her fears for her son. The mum-of-two has some comforting words for Chelsea before the doctor delivers some good news. Chelsea’s relieved to learn Jordan is in the clear and she can look forward to taking her son home. Despite the good news, Whitney may continue to spot signs that Chelsea isn’t coping. DON'T MISSEastEnders theory: Stacey Slater engaged after unexpected proposal [THEORY]EastEnders' Dana Monroe star breaks silence on axing [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Jean Slater exits as she starts new life [SPOILER] Will she suggest that she, Chelsea and Jordan take some time away from the square? Chelsea was instrumental in bringing murderer Gray Atkins (Toby-Alexander Smith) to justice. However, she struggled to settle into life as a new mum at first and considered putting Jordan up for adoption to stop him from finding out the truth about his father. Will Whitney be able to help Chelsea through this difficult time or will the pair decide a fresh start is exactly what they need? Meanwhile, Howie Danes (Delroy Atkinson) is finding Kim Fox (Tameka Empson) overbearing. He attempts to escape and hide from her but it’s not long before she tracks him down. Patrick Trueman (Rudolph Walker) reminds Kim that Howie is injured because of her and she needs to help him. She later has an idea and positions herself as his manager before setting up a job with Martin Fowler (James Bye) for Lily Slater’s (Lilia Turner) birthday. Will Howie realise how hard Kim is trying and cut her some slack? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.