Fortunately, people on low incomes can get support to help towards paying for prescriptions, dentist costs and other health essentials. The NHS Low Income Scheme provides help towards a person’s costs, depending on their weekly income and outgoings, and any savings and investments.    The NHS Low Income Scheme provides help towards a person’s costs, depending on their weekly income and outgoings, and any savings and investments. The programme can help with the costs of sight tests, glasses and contact lenses, travelling to get NHS treatment and NHS wigs and fabric supports. A recipient’s partner can also get help through the scheme, with refunds available for previous treatment that could have been covered. Refunds have to be claimed within three months of the date the charge was paid or the date of the sight test. A claimant must ask their pharmacist, hospital or doctor for an NHS receipt form FP57 when they pay - this cannot be obtained later. READ MORE: Bank of Mum & Dad warning – helping children buy a property could cost your home  For other refunds, a HC5 form has to be completed and sent back, depending on the country a person lives in. Applications are assessed within 18 working days from being received. Anyone can apply as long as they or their partner do not have savings or investments of more than £16,000, not including their home. Those living permanently in a care home have an upper limit of £23,250, or £24,000 for residents of Wales. Those who are already entitled to help with health costs do not need to apply.  This will include cases where a person receives, or their partner gets: Full help is also available for those named on or entitled to an NHS tax credit exemption certificate. Any dependent children under 20 included on benefit or tax credit claim are also entitled to the same help. When calculating the amount, a person’s weekly needs are compared with their weekly income, to see much is needed to cover their health costs. Weekly needs are a personal allowance intended to reflect a person’s daily living expenses, plus any housing costs such as Council Tax, rent or mortgage. Full help is allocated when a person’s income is less than or the same as their living need. Claimants can also get full help if their income is more than their needs, up to half the current cost of a prescription in England. Applicants will need to fill in a HC1 form and post it back People in employment will need to show proof of earnings in their HC1 application. Self-employed people will have to send their profit and loss accounts for at least six months. Alternatively, they can send a trading account showing business receipts and expenses. Students will need to include evidence of all grants, bursaries and awards they have received. Applicants who are concerned that their application was assessed incorrectly can contact 0300 330 1343 and ask for their claim to be reviewed. A request can also be sent to nhsbsa.lowincomescheme@nhs.net. Completed HC1 forms should be sent to: NHS Low Income Scheme NHS Business Services Authority Bridge House 152 Pilgrim Street Newcastle upon Tyne NE1 6SN A new service is being trialled for online applications, for people with capital or savings of more than £6,000. People who can apply in this way include pensioners, students, those earning a wage, receiving state benefits or living in a care home. People who already have an HC2 or HC3 certificate through the NHS Low Income Scheme and want to renew it will still need to complete an HC1 form.