BBC Weather's Matt Taylor forecast cool temperatures of 4C tonight ahead of the heatwave this week with highs of 34C. An area of high pressure from Spain is set to reach the UK by Friday. He said: "It's a week of change. A week of which we're starting see summer heat but it's not for everyone. "We will certainly see that summer heat gradually building northwards day by day as we got through the rest of the week. "We can expect temperatures of above 30C across some across the Midlands and southeast. "Further north and west, it's going to be a bit cooler with temperatures only creeping into low 20s. "Through tonight there will be some rain in the Scottish Highlands and Ireland while the rest of the country remains largely dry. READ MORE: Scorching heatwave to bake France with 40 degree heat "Conditions will be slightly cooler tonight with temperatures down to 4C in some rural areas." He added: "There is a price to pay though as well as that very strong sunshine overhead, we will see some high pollen levels continue in Englan and Wales especially." Sunbathers have been warned against "overdoing it" while enjoying temperatures of up to 34C (93.2F) this week with very high UV levels expected. Parts of the South East, London and Wales could reach at least 27C (80.6F), rising to a possible 34C (93.2F) on Friday, hotter than Portugal, Jamaica, Costa Rica, the Canary Islands and Cyprus. These areas may see an official heatwave between Wednesday and Saturday, which is when at least three consecutive days have daily maximum temperatures meeting or exceeding the heatwave temperature threshold. The threshold varies by county. People looking to top up their tans, swim in open water or use public transport have been warned to be wary. Craig Snell, a Met Office forecaster, told the PA news agency: "Very high UV levels are expected in the South this week, meaning people should really avoid being in the sun during the midday hours. "Wearing sunglasses, a shirt, a hat and sunscreen are essential to protect the eyes and skin, and drinking lots of water is important - long exposure to the sun can be dangerous. DON'T MISS UK hot weather forecast: Saharan blast to bake Britain in 32C heat [INSIGHT]Solar storm warning: Russia hit with radio and GPS BLACKOUT [ANALYSIS]BBC Weather: Carol Kirkwood forecasts 30C scorcher [VIDEO] "People should avoid overdoing it. We all love the sunny weather, but being sensible can help you avoid a nasty sunburn." Friday is predicted to be the hottest day of the year so far, eclipsing the 27.5C (81.5F) set in mid-May at Heathrow. It could also be the hottest June day for the UK since records began if temperatures top the 35.6C (96.1F) recorded in Southampton in 1976. The threshold for a heatwave is 25C (77F) for Wales, Scotland and south-west England, 27C (80.6F) for southern and eastern England, and 28C (82.4F) for London.