The Prime Minister touched down in the Spanish capital for a North Atlantic Treaty Organisation summit after he met with G7 leaders in Bavaria. Mr Johnson is expected to announce the UK will expand its military presence in Estonia and call on NATO allies to do more to invest in defence. In an address, Mr Johnson will say: "The NATO alliance keeps our people safe every day. "But over the next 10 years, the threats around us are only going to grow. "We need allies - all allies - to dig deep to restore deterrence and ensure defence in the decade ahead. "The two percent was always meant to be a floor, not a ceiling, and allies must continue to step up in this time of crisis." JUST IN: 'Furious!' Boris faces Cabinet challenge after Wallace calls for defence budget increase He will add: "I remain incredibly proud of the immense contribution Defence makes to the UK and the world. "Defence of the realm is the first order of any Government. "But more than that, defence lies at the beating heart of the United Kingdom. "Almost every family knows someone who has served our country or worked in our thriving defence industry. READ MORE: Unionists slam Sturgeon's 'disgraceful' plan to hold IndyRef2 in 2023 "Moments of national joy are observed from the skies by our incredible Red Arrows, moments of national mourning are flanked by our men and women in uniform. "And as we think about crafting a future in which the people of the UK are safe and prosperous, we must again turn to defence. "To neglect the needs of our Armed Forces is to neglect our country." NATO members are currently required to spend at least two percent of GDP on defence. DON'T MISSTory MP's bid to chuck out unelected Remoaner Lords [REVEAL]POLL: Should Sturgeon be allowed IndyRef2 so Scotland can move on? [REACT]'Something is rotten in state of Tories', says DAVID MADDOX [INSIGHT] However, just nine out of the 30 member states meet the requirement. Earlier this year, German Chancellor Olaf Scholz confirmed Berlin would look to reach the two percent target following Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine.