While Arsenal are expected to make a number of signings in the summer transfer window, their biggest "failing" would be not tying Bukayo Saka down to a new contract, according to Simon Jordan. The Gunners were the Premier League's biggest spenders last summer with over £150million used to bring in the likes of Ben White, Aaron Ramsdale and Martin Odegaard. After a slow start, the new signings quickly found their footing with Mikel Arteta building a youthful side. Arsenal had the youngest average of any Premier League side last year and Alexandre Lacazette's departure will bring that down even further. While Ramsdale, White and Odegaard impressed, it was Arsenal academy product Saka who was once again the main star throughout the campaign. The 20-year-old scored 11 goals and provided seven assists in the Premier League as he started all but two games. But there has been growing speculation on Saka's future at the Emirates with talks ongoing for a contract extension. He's still got two years left on his current contract, but is one of Arsenal's lowest earners on a deal reportedly worth £30,000-a-week. JUST IN: Arsenal have advantage in Jesus transfer saga as Madrid 'not possible'  Arsenal's failure to qualify for the Champions League has once again raised questions on whether they can keep their star winger happy. But former Crystal Palace chairman Jordan believes it would be a "massive failing" from Edu and Arteta if they let Saka leave the club. “Arsenal should not want to sell players who have come through their youth policy that have been developed under the regime of Arsenal’s mentality, that have come into the first team after all the endeavours of their academies to bring a young player through and then not be able to find some sort of solution to the conundrum of signing a new contract," he told talkSPORT. “I know there’s an argument that players in his position will be looking for achievements in clubs and will be sort of dictating to clubs about what they have to do rather than what they have to do. “It will be a disappointing day at Arsenal if they don’t find the keys to the door to unlock the problem they’ve got with this kid signing a new contract. This would be a massive failing on the part of Edu, Arteta and anyone else at Arsenal that controls the direction of travel on this boy’s career.” DON'T MISS  Arteta has seemingly built his attack around Saka and his productivity would likely improve even more with a more potent goalscorer playing through the middle. Saka has not shown any signs that he wants to leave Arsenal, but with competition stronger than ever in the England set-up, Champions League football may prove pivotal. Pressure will be on Arsenal to make up for their failings in the final weeks of last season after being in the ascendency to finish inside the top four. Big signings will be needed too with Tottenham already improving their squad while Chelsea and Manchester United are also expected to make some changes. Those clubs will also be watching Saka's situation closely though as one of England's brightest talents may soon become available if Arsenal are unable to give him what he wants. And Arsenal losing Saka would likely set the club back in their hope of returning to the top of English football.