During Wednesday night's The Repair Shop, BBC viewers tuned in to watch Jay Blades and his fellow experts restore a number of their guest's treasured items. Brenton West and Dominic Chinea were given the task of fixing a beekeeping kit, while optics expert Richard Biggs focussed his attention on a damaged telescope. However, it was a broken radio that left experts Mark Stuckey and Steve Fletcher lost for words. The experts were presented with the 1950s radio by guest Aziz. Aziz explained to the experts that he was given the radio as a birthday present from his father when he was seven years old. However, when he came to the UK in 1969, he was forced to leave his beloved item behind. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jacob Gallagher's linked to Nicola King's attacker Although he recalled when he was able to bring the radio back to the UK, it smashed to pieces in transit. When Steve and Mark first saw the radio, they were left speechless. "Oh, my goodness," Mark said before he joked: "Take it back!" As Mark got to work on the radio, he asked his co-star Dominic for some help with the glass. The expert went on to admit that the current glass panel was beyond repair. "What I've got is this radio and it got seriously damaged," Mark began as Dominic replied: "Look at the state of it." Mark replied: "The glass is one part which is really a mega issue because you can't really repair that and make it look right. "The only alternative way to do it this is literally to re-do it all." DON'T MISS...Gardeners' World's Adam Frost opens up on new role away from BBC [INSIGHT]Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe opens up on filming ’traumatic’ scene [VIDEO]Brenda Blethyn admits she'd turn down Vera role today [NEWS] Dominic went on to reassure his co-star and explained he would be able to make another one. "A job like this is not for the faint-hearted," Mark admitted before adding: "But it is great fun." Despite the tricky start, Mark, Dominic and Steve were able to repair the radio back to its former glory. When the restored item was presented to Aziz, he could barely believe his eyes and he broke down in tears. Following the segment, emotional viewers took to social media to share their thoughts on the transformation. @thewisdomtooth penned: "Hands up if you had tears in your eyes during #therepairshop? The radio and the elephant had me." Jane commented: "Without fail, #TheRepairShop gets me, every week. That radio. That Elephant and gentleman talking about his dad. I’m off to dry my eyes. Again!" While Kirstin Bailey added: "First a radio now an elephant! Tonight's #TheRepairShop has been just lovely." "Wow that radio ... fantastic work #therepairshop," David Lloyd praised. Gail Boyle tweeted: "It's not just the radio that's been repaired, it's my heart that has been repaired" Can't believe the transformation of Aziz's radio. As Simon Kaston said: "The transformation of that radio is sensational. It’s like magic!" (sic) The Repair Shop returns on Wednesday at 8pm on BBC One.