Goodwood Festival of Speed takes place this week in West Sussex. It began yesterday, June 23, and will end on Sunday, June 26. Today, the Red Arrows gave spectators a show as they flew over the festival’s grounds, billowing red, white, and blue smoke. The famous Red Arrows returned to Goodwood today after giving audiences a big show for its opening yesterday. The planes roared across the sky at around 4:15pm and the show lasted around 20 minutes. The show was accompanied by words from a Royal Air Force (RAF) representative, who described what was happening in the sky. He said: “Red One causes the formation to change once again as Red Six and Seven move up alongside Reds Two and Three, and Reds Four and Five sit in trail on the rest of the formation. READ MORE: Martin Lewis tells drivers how to find the cheapest fuel “Red One bends the formation round to the right-hand side – get your cameras ready for the colourful and dynamic crowd favourite, representing the aircraft no longer in service, but was in operation for nearly 40 years, this is Tornado.” This plane ripped through the sky and the others followed, billowing out smoke. The smoke was red and blue. “Smoking red is flight lieutenant David Symmonds, Red Five,” the RAF representative explained. DON'T MISS: Petrol station causes traffic chaos after it offers discounted fuel [INSIGHT] Drivers urged to move away from diesel if they want to save money [REVEAL] Elderly drivers cause more accidents than younger motorists [SHOCKING] He went on to say that the pilots are flying with their “air brakes out”. “This allows the aircraft to sit at a higher power setting, creating hotter gas at the back of the aeroplane, making the smoke a lot more vivid,” he added. The red, white, and blue air coming out of the planes’ engines represented the colours of the Union Jack. This was especially fitting to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, as this year marks her Majesty’s 70th year on the throne. READ MORE: POLL: Should potholes be prioritised over cycle lanes? Yesterday, the Red Arrows team set off from RAF base Scampton at 9:50am. They stopped off at Farnborough for a couple of hours before heading off again for the Goodwood Festival display at 12.30pm. On their way to Farnborough, the red arrows passed several towns. These included Fiskerton at 9:52am, Thorney at 9:58am, Potterspury at 10:05am, Henley on Thames at 10:10am, and Farnborough at 10:14am. After a short pit stop in Farnborough, the RAF team then made their way to Goodwood. On the way there, they were visible in Elstead at 12:21pm, Cranleigh at 12:22pm, Billinghurst at 12:24pm, Petersfield at 12:27pm, Havant at 12:28pm, and Funtington at 12:29pm. They arrived in the sky above Goodwood at 12:30pm. The first and second days of the festival featured spectacular car shows, first-ever showcases of next-gen cars, the world-famous Hill Climb, and much more. The festival is set to welcome more crowds tomorrow and Sunday.