The GB News presenter has talked about the current issues surrounding the housing struggle and the fight many young people face to get onto the property ladder as he slammed Boris Johnson's "lies" regarding property schemes. He told Express.co.uk in his new column that he dreads "to think" about what future generations and his own grandchildren could face. The 62-year-old presenter said in the second edition of his Express.co.uk column how property-seekers were "sold a lie" in the 1980s. He wrote: "The message that went out loud and clear at the time was that social housing stock would be replenished. "We were told people who didn’t own could still have a place that they could call home. "Instead, new social housing wasn’t built at the rate it should have been. READ MORE: Gary Lineker's 'racist abuse' claims blasted by Martin Daubney "The result was a housing crisis throughout Britain that should now be classed as an embarrassment to successive governments. "I believe that the housing crisis is as bad now as it has ever been. "It’s hard enough for my children to get on the ladder and I dread to think about the challenges which lay ahead for my grandchildren if we don’t get some kind of a grip on this issue." The former This Morning presenter continued: "This week Boris Johnson faces two key by-elections in Wakefield and Tiverton. "But his recently announced right-to-buy policy, which he was hoping would be a vote winner, is an even bigger lie now than it was the last time around. "The lame-duck policy comes at a time when we just don’t have enough places for people to live anywhere in the country right now. We have a population crisis, a cost of living crisis and inflation which is on course to reach 11 percent by the end of the year. "Big cities like London, Birmingham, Manchester, even Belfast and Leeds, have city centre apartment blocks lying empty – owned by investors foreign and millionaire developers. "Yet too many people across Great Britain simply have nowhere to call home." DON'T MISS... Gardeners' World's Adam Frost opens up on new role away from BBC [LATEST]EastEnders' Jessie Wallace issued warning by BBC soap after caution [VIDEO]Amanda Owen shares family update as Ravenseat welcomes new member [VIDEO] He went on to argue that the crisis must be solved, stating cities need areas to staff all kinds of industries. He added Johnson should focus on affordable homes and houses for the homeless. "With Covid finally in our slipstream, we need to build, build, build - not sell, sell, sell," he remarked. Eamonn's comments come just weeks after a health scare saw him in A&E and having to take time off his hosting duties. During the week of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, Eamonn had to pull out of presenting after being rushed to hospital. It came as he experienced "excruciating pain" in his back. He detailed having to have emergency surgery but has thankfully recovered and is back on GB News. His wife and former This Morning star Ruth Langsford recently told Lorraine Kelly her husband was "back out and smiling" as she reflected on their recent visit to Royal Ascot. Breakfast with Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster airs Monday to Thursday from 6am on GB News. 