He has dismissed suggestions that the policy could contribute to inflation, removing any lingering doubt that the triple lock will return in 2023. It means next year’s pension increase will make a considerable difference to the incomes of people who really do need it. The Chancellor suspended the triple lock this year in extraordinary circumstances. But households across the country have seen their energy bills soar and pensioners tend to be disproportionately affected. They are likely to spend more time at home than people of working age and may be sensitive to lower temperatures. The state pension in this country, while adequate, does not fund a life of luxury. Many recipients get by on modest incomes. Some pensioners have savings, but these have provided little extra income in recent years due to low interest rates. At the same time, inflation means the pound in our pockets is buying a lot less than it was in the past. The Government would have provoked fury if it failed to keep its promise to reinstate the triple lock according to Dennis Reed, the director of Silver Voices, which campaigns on behalf of older people. He is right. The decision to bring back the triple lock will also no doubt motivate some Conservative voters to head to the polling station next time a general election is held. Most importantly, however, it’s the right thing to do in order to help people who need and deserve support. ---------------------------- Vaccination is the key It is extremely worrying that polio may once again be spreading in this country. Many of us will remember when polio posed a real threat to the population. It seemed those days were over due to a successful vaccination programme, so the fact the disease is making a reappearance today is a huge concern. Vaccination levels appear to have fallen in some places. It shows that we must always be vigilant, and to ensure that as many people as possible, including children, are inoculated against a disease that can cause permanent disability or, worst still, death. ---------------------------- Satisfaction guaranteed There's nothing new under the sun, so we’re told. It was 53 years ago that Mick Jagger was performing in Hyde Park wearing a dress. Since then, numerous pop stars have experimented with attention-grabbing clothing and behaviour that go against convention and it’s still happening. Meanwhile, Sir Mick is returning to Hyde Park to perform again. He’s still going strong and all his many fans are grateful for it.