Arsenal fan Darren Bent has heard a deal to take Gabriel Jesus to the Emirates is "quite close". Bent would also like the Gunners to sign Brighton midfielder Yves Bissouma and RB Leipzig forward Christopher Nkunku. Arsenal are set to confirm the signing of Brazilian youngster Marquinhos in the coming days. He is set to be the club's first signing of the window. But he will not likely be an immediate part of Mikel Arteta's transfer plans. Manchester City star Jesus is Arteta's top striker target following the departure of Alexandre Lacazette at the end of his contract. Bent believes the 25-year-old would be a top signing and has word on the grapevine that a deal is nearing completion. When asked who he thinks Arsenal should sign, the former Tottenham striker said on talkSPORT: "First of all it's someone Arsenal have been linked with and I'm led to believe it's quite close - Gabriel Jesus. READ MORE: Arsenal 'willing to pay over £42m' for midfielder as Roma 'return' for Xhaka  "I'd like to see him go to Arsenal. I think he'd be brilliant. "He's not got a point to prove but I think he needs regular football and I think he's more than good enough to score the goals to help Arsenal get back to where they'd like to get to. So I think that would be a really good addition to the squad." Chelsea and Real Madrid have also been linked with Jesus but Arsenal are seemingly favourites to sign the player. Meanwhile, Bent would love to see Arteta bring in Bissouma from Brighton, even if that would see Thomas Partey lose his spot in the starting XI. DON'T MISSTottenham 'agree £20m deal' to sign Djed Spence as defender snubs Forest returnTottenham to hand Conte transfer boost with new weapon to help ParaticiDarwin Nunez's Liverpool wages emerge with star telling friends £85m deal is 'done'  He added: "I'd love to see Yves Bissouma from Brighton. I think he's top drawer. "I think [his price] has gone up more. But Yves Bissouma I think is a top drawer holding midfield player. "I love Thomas Partey but again he's had his injuries and consistency's been his problem. He's durable, Yves Bissouma, so I think I'd like to see him come through the door." Bent's third desired signing is probably the least realistic. Arsenal were linked with Nkunku during his time at Paris Saint-Germain.  The Frenchman has just enjoyed by far his best goalscoring season, netting 35 times in all competitions for Leipzig. He has been linked with a return to PSG, as well as Manchester United, but Bent would love to see him in north London. He said: "And Christopher Nkunku. [He would cost] a lot. There's talk about him going back to Paris Saint-Germain. "But I'd love him. I think he fits the bill, he can play centre-forward, he can play off the left, he can play off the right."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here