Caller Jill from Cornwall rang in to discuss the new immigration policy with journalist Kevin O'Sullivan. Jill claimed that she did not care if it was one or 101 people on that plane, they need to fly them out of the UK. The Government's new policy has caused widespread outrage in the UK as some Britons do not support the new plan. The Cornwall resident claimed that a lot of the people crossing the English Channel were economic migrants, not genuine refugees seeking asylum in the UK.  Jill from Cornwall told Talk TV: "Well I don't care whether it's one or 101 people on that plane, they must still fly them out. "Whether I... It doesn't matter, it's the principle of the thing, and to be perfectly honest at the moment I'm so angry about the fact that everyone who comes across that Channel is referred to as a refugee. "When a lot of them are just economic migrants and that is basically what it's all about." Mr O'Sullivan said: "I keep quoting Jill, a statistic that I read about a month or so ago. JUST IN: Putin's thugs 'force protesters to strip and squat' and 'film humiliation' of 20 women      "It may not be absolutely current but it certainly paints the correct picture I think, that at some point it was estimated that of all of these migrants pitching up on our beaches in dinghies 84% were males, young men between the ages of 18 and 34, in other words, economic migrants." Jill from Cornwall added: "Yes and where are they getting the money to pay for their crossing?" Mr O'Sullivan added: "Sorry to interrupt Jill, but this is a popular mistake, to think that these people are poverty stricken and they're seeking... And they've got no money. "They're not necessarily, a lot of them are quite well to do which is why they all turn up in Nike trainers, sporting marvellous... The latest Apple telephone and so on and so forth so they're not necessarily hard up." READ MORE: Macron to ‘choke on his croissants’ as UK crushes France in post-Brexit investments      Despite much public pushback and protest from those who are outraged at the new policy, many political commentators have backed the new plan. Anne Widdicombe a British politician explained why she believed the new proposal will be a success. Speaking to GB News, Ms Widdecombe said: "This I believe will work. "There's only going to be a handful of people going today but that doesn't matter. "Once it becomes regular and the numbers being sent to Rwanda grow then the deterrent effect will be felt.  "There's no deterrence because no one's actually gone back. "The moment you sent half a dozen back, you're sending out a different message."  DON’T MISS: Sturgeon’s IndyRef2 pipe dream: Scotland's shocking defence outside UK a barrier to NATO 'We want them to make up!' Americans rally around Meghan and Harry over family rift Princess Eugenie to keep rights to Kensington Palace flat despite Portugal move     Protestors have demonstrated outside of the Home Secretary Priti Patel's office in London, and they have also demonstrated at the airport where a plane full of refugees is set to take off to Rwanda. There have been legal attempts to stop the flight from taking off, but Liz Truss, Foreign Secretary has confirmed that the plane should be leaving today. Ms Truss told Sky News: "We are expecting to send the flight later today. "I can't say exactly how many people will be on the flight. "But the really important thing is that we establish the principle and we start to break the business model of these appalling people traffickers who are trading in misery. 