Sauli Niinisto said there has been some “positive progress” in talks between Finland and Turkey over the potential stumbling block to the Nordic country’s accession to the alliance. Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan has accused both Finland and, more particularly, Sweden of harbouring Kurdish terrorists, a reality he claims compromises the two countires’ suitability for NATO. However, several alliance members, including Germany and the US, have said they do not recognise the alleged militias in question, namely the PKK, the Kurdish Workers’ Party, as terrorists.    Mr Niinisto said: “I try to avoid being optimistic or pessimistic. So, we have a very open mind. “We will have a discussion today with President Tayyip Erdogan so let’s see. “There are certain indicators that it has been possible to go deeper in discussions just yesterday. “And maybe that’s a good thing now but you never know. So, it will be a very interesting and even exciting meeting. There has been some positive progress.”    NATO leaders are expected to urge Mr Erdogan to lift his veto over Finland and Sweden's bid to join the military alliance this week. The leaders will meet for a three-day summit on Tuesday, as the West strives to send Russia and China a signal of resolve. Mr Niinisto added today that there has been better “understanding” this week between the disputing nations. He said: "The general view is that the discussions went somewhat better, which should mean that understanding has somewhat increased on both sides.” READ MORE: NATO Summit LIVE: Biden throws down gauntlet as US prepares speech [LIVE]   Turkey has reportedly given Finnish and Swedish officials written demands ahead of their second meeting today. Mr Erdogan said the two candidates must consider Ankara's concerns if they want to be NATO allies. Contrary to Mr Niinisto’s comments, Turkish officials said the Nordic responses to their grievances on Monday were not satisfactory and that it would block their bids unless its demands are met. Speaking before departing for the NATO summit in Madrid, Mr Erdogan said: "We will hold these four-way talks together and see what point they have reached. DON'T MISS: Boris talks with Turkey on Black Sea crisis, sends NATO warning [REPORT]Putin dealt NATO blow as Germany 'confirms' Sweden and Finland to join [REVEAL] Erdogan playing hardball with NATO as Turkey blocks talks with Sweden [REPORT]   "We do not want dry words, we want results. We are sick of passing the ball around in the mid-field. As of now, they are producing words," he said. Mr Erdogan said he would explain Turkey's position to allies at the summit and in bilateral meetings. He added he had spoken to US President Joe Biden this morning and the two would meet in person either later in the day or on Wednesday, upon the US President's request. He said he would discuss the issue of Ankara's procurement of S-400 defences from Russia - which lead to U.S. sanctions - and a request to buy 40 F-16 jets and modernisation kits from Washington at the meeting, as well as other bilateral issues. READ NEXT: RAF steps up exercises on Putin’s doorstepUK army chief launches fighting talk speech ahead of NATO summit Lithuania under 'major cyberattack' from RussiaNew head of army warns UK must prepare to 'fight and win' warUK troops can be boosted with Wallace's new £10bn war chest  