Strike action is set to hit the Italian aviation sector on June 8. easyJet advised passengers to check their flights. easyJet said: “We are aware of possible multiple strike actions planned in Italy on Wednesday June 8 impacting air traffic services. “Like all airlines operating to and from Italy, we may see some disruption to our flying programme on this date. “We advise customers due to travel to, from or within Italy on June 8 to check the status of their flights on our Flight Tracker on our mobile app or website at www.easyjet.com. “Although this is outside of our control, we would like to reassure customers that we are doing all possible to minimise any disruption that may occur as a result of the strike action.” READ MORE: Thousands of holidaymakers stuck overseas after flights cancelled Pilots and cabin crew from airlines including Ryanair, easyJet and Crewlink are set to strike for four hours today. According to Italian media, the strike will run for four hours from 10am until 2pm and is being held over pay disputes. The staff are also striking over non-payment of sick days, summer leave and a “lack of water and meals for the crew”. British travellers have faced chaos over recent weeks with multiple flight cancellations and lengthy queues. easyJet has cancelled many flights at short notice with some travellers left stranded in Europe. British Airways has cancelled around 100 flights per day although it said customers were given advance warning. Wizz Air has cancelled flights from Doncaster Sheffield airport while TUI has scrapped many journeys from Manchester airport. The chaos is primarily due to staff shortages as the industry struggles to recruit following the pandemic. Many travel industry workers lost their jobs during the pandemic and some have since found other work. Paul Charles, CEO of travel consultancy The PC Agency and former Director of Virgin Atlantic and Eurostar, told Express.co.uk: “I’m afraid that some of these issues will continue into July as it’s taking a long time for airports and airlines to recruit the required number of people. “Shortages of staff are creating bottlenecks in security channels at airports as well as leading to flight cancellations due to lack of flight crew. “Slow government processing of mandatory security passes, for new starters, is adding to the delays in getting enough resources in the right areas. “All of this is compounded by there simply being fewer people available to recruit. “There has been a shrinking of the workforce, either put off by wages being too low or attracted by higher-paying jobs in Europe, giving people no incentive to come to the UK.” Passengers with cancelled flights are entitled to another flight if one is available even if it's on a rival airline. Britons are also entitled to cash compensation if the cancellation is very short notice.