One of the most common questions estate agents get asked by vendors is ‘should I paint my house ready for sale?’, but in the past year - with a strong sellers’ market - vendors have increasingly avoided investing their time and cash into bettering their soon-to-be-former home. Elaine Penhaul, expert home stager and director of Lemon & Lime Interiors said: “This is a mistake. A low-cost lick of paint can have a greater return when done correctly. “What current vendors seem to be forgetting is that most people form an opinion about something within the first seven seconds of seeing it, and if a buyer comes face-to-face with chipped wall-paint, yellowed skirting boards, or colours that are too bold or dated, then this can create a negative first impression and potentially a decrease in offer value – even in a seller’s market.” With the imminent increases to mortgage interest rates, the current cost of living crisis and energy price hikes, buyers are starting to become pickier about their next move. Therefore the expert suggested: “Paint will go a long way in enhancing the buyer experience as it sets the tone for your buyer’s expectations surrounding how clean and well-kept your home is. “The preparation, appearance and cleanliness of a home is crucial to the end look and feel, and I have seen houses go for more than 10 percent over the asking value after a freshen up that has made it look well-maintained. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘30 second’ hack to clean shower doors “This could for example make a £400,000 house sell for £440,000 – a strong return-on-investment, re-decorating will be a fraction of that cost.” While the cost of painting can cost upwards of £1,000 the return will be “significantly higher”, says Elaine. She explained: “Many vendors are concerned about the monetary and time cost of undertaking improvements prior to getting their house on the market. “But if the DIY was to be carried out by the occupier then, on average, painting a room, old tiles or even exterior windows and doors could cost anywhere between £20 - £1,000, depending on the square footage and needs of the home. “The return, however, could be significantly higher.” DON'T MISS: ‘Perfect’ way to improve your garden’s health using coffee grounds [EXPERT]Use sugar to ‘improve the health’ of your grass and ‘boost greenness’ [TIPS]‘Virtually impossible to kill’ houseplants - ‘indestructible’ [INSIGHT] If homeowners need help, a professional home stager will always have contractors at their fingertips who can carry out this type of work - they fully understand the need to get a home to the market as quickly as possible. Signs that the interior or exterior of a home needs to be painted: The home stager explained that paint is a “sure-fire way” to update hallways and “capture buyer attention”. She added: “Preparation is key when painting a staircase, so dust sheets are obligatory if you want to avoid any unnecessary drips and flecks on walls and flooring. “Invest in a good decorators tape to outline areas you don’t want to change and prevent bleed-through. READ MORE: Hallway paint colours to ‘stay away from’ - avoids ‘dated’ look “Removing existing paint is a crucial step and a product called Nitromors works extremely well for this, then clean off the area you want to paint in order to get the best finish by using sugar soap which will cut through any existing grime.” When picking your colour palette, the expert suggests going for something neutral and bright such as Farrow and Ball’s Wimborne White in estate eggshell finish. When it comes to interior wall touch-ups, Elaine advised against “patch cover-ups”. She said: “Try not to do ‘patch’ cover-ups on your internal walls as the rest of the paint tends to have faded over time, and rarely looks right. “Go for neutral colour palettes such as whites and beiges, greys, and earthy greens which will help make rooms feel more spacious and assist potential buyers in envisioning the space as their own. “Ceilings don’t tend to be the first thing buyers see in a home, but often this means they go untouched for long periods of time - accumulating cobwebs, or even old leak stains that haven’t been painted over even after the leak has been fixed. “Painting a ceiling could in effect open up or reduce the size of a space depending on the desired effect.” If homeowners have existing watermarks or stains, they’ll need to cover this beforehand with a stain blocker as emulsion won’t cover over these.