Liverpool's hopes of replacing Sadio Mane have been handed a huge boost following the news that Arnaut Danjuma reportedly wants to leave Villarreal. The Dutch winger has attracted interest from the Reds throughout this campaign and is understood to be available for as little as £38.3million this summer.  Despite netting 16 goals in 34 appearances during his debut season with for the Yellow Submarine, Danjuma is understood to be looking to move on having struggled to settle in Spain. According to El Periodico Mediterraneo, the 25-year-old has not adapted to life in Villarreal and has long issued his agent with the demand of helping him plot a summer escape. Amid heavy interest from Liverpool in particular, Danjuma is keen to take the next step in his career and is understood to be available for just £38.3m - the value of his release clause. The news will come as music to the ears of the Reds, who are long-term admirers of the attacker and who are on the lookout for Mane's replacement. The Senegalese striker is himself looking to embark on a new adventure this summer with widespread reports claiming the 30-year-old is keen to depart Anfield amid strong interest from Bayern Munich in particular. While the announcement initially appeared to create concern among some at Liverpool, it seems Danjuma has seized the opportunity to throw his name into the hat as the Liverpool forward's potential replacement. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting  Mane indicated he wants a new challenge shortly after the club's Champions League final defeat to Real Madrid on Saturday. As the forward heads into the final 12 months of his contract, talks over an Anfield extension have stalled and it is thought Liverpool would now be willing to listen to offers in the region of £45m. Should Liverpool agreed to sell for such as fee, they could spend less on Mane's replacement by snapping up Danjuma, who only moved to Villarreal last summer, in a £21.3m deal from Bournemouth. Addressing his future, the Dutchman recently confessed he is aware of Liverpool's interest in him and admitted he would "consider" leaving Villarreal if the opportunity to further his career elsewhere arose. READ MORELiverpool 'have dream transfer for 2023' after Aurelien Tchouameni's private declaration Tottenham set price to seal Alessandro Bastoni transfer with Inter Milan 'willing to sell'Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting  “I am always as honest as possible,” Danjuma recently told Dutch broadcaster Ziggo Sport. “I have never had contacts with clubs or anything like that during the season. I always know about the situation after the season. I don’t want to get involved during the season. “But I was informed that Liverpool were following me closely. I will never lie and I think it’s a bad quality if you are not ambitious. And if a club came along that offers a higher sporting platform, I would always consider it.” 