The Royal Family attended the Royal Ascot opening day on Tuesday, taking part in the traditional carriage procession to kick off the day. The likes of Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall led the procession with Peter Phillips, followed by the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester and Prince and Princess Michael of Kent in the second carriage.  Princess Anne was also in attendance at the event, with other VIP guests in the third carriage. And eagle-eyed fans noticed the ladies all had forward-facing seats in their carriage, with the back seats offering a better view of the crowds and the racecourse as they enter the enclosure, allowing them to enjoy the event as the procession takes place. The back seats also tend to be photographed more clearly. The Queen would always take priority in claiming a forward-facing seat, with her family next in line, followed by VIP guests.  Her Majesty had to pull out of Royal Ascot this year after suffering from episodic mobility issues throughout the year. Despite this, she wrote a message in the official programme, reading: “After the challenges of recent times, this year's royal meeting provides a long-awaited opportunity for supporters of racing from all over the world to come together for five days of outstanding sport. "Once again, it is thrilling that horses from around the globe have travelled to Royal Ascot to compete at the highest level." The Queen had more than ten horses that entered the five days of the event and many fans are hoping she will make an appearance in the upcoming days. READ MORE: Royal Family: 'Kick in teeth' Meghan 'ready' to turn back on UK She has attended every Royal Meeting since ascending to the throne in 1952, apart from when it was held behind closed doors in 2020. The Queen has recently had to cancel several public appearances due to mobility issues. Her Majesty did not attend the annual Order of the Garter procession on Monday, however, the decision was expected and the Queen did attend a behind-the-scenes lunch and the investiture ceremony. She was photographed before the event at Windsor Castle wearing a white gown and her blue Garter sash and holding a walking stick.  DON'T MISS:Platinum Jubilee could have caused new Covid wave [INSIGHT]Malta makes huge post-Brexit passport U-turn for Britons [PICTURES]Just Stop Oil protesters block busy city centre road [VIDEO] Princess Beatrice and her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi were also in attendance on Tuesday, as well as Zara Tindall and her ex-rugby professional husband Mike. The Countess of Wessex was also photographed at the event, stunning the crowd with a blue outfit. Royal Ascot has welcomed stylishly dressed punters today but has reduced the number of racegoers following feedback from the 2021 event. Capacity in the Royal Enclosure will be by 1,000 people each day while the Queen Anne and Windsor Enclosures will be cut by 4,150 and 2,000 respectively. Felicity Barnard, commercial director at Ascot, said earlier this year: “A key message in the feedback from the 2021 Royal Meeting, when attendance was limited to 12,000 per day as part of the Government’s Events Research Programme, was that people really appreciated the benefit of additional space.” 