Tottenham have reportedly pinpointed Napoli striker Victor Osimhen as an alternative to Gabriel Jesus, should Arsenal win the race for the Manchester City star. Antonio Conte and Fabio Paratici are seemingly keen to bring in an attacker as part of their summer rebuild, which fans hope will see them compete for silverware next campaign. Spurs may not be content to sit back and watch their local rivals win the race for Gabriel Jesus. And it could be a good time to capitalise given that Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta is reportedly growing frustrated with the lack of progress, as the deal has not even progressed to personal terms. The Brazilian has been offered to Tottenham by City, according to The Times, and the Premier League seems his most likely destination if he is to leave the Etihad this summer. But if Arsenal win the race or Jesus' £50million price-tag proves too hefty, Spurs do have alternatives. Football.london claim that Osimhen has been on the club's radar since he was in Ligue 1 with Lille. Now playing for Napoli and with an impressive Serie A season under his belt, the 23-year-old would inevitably command a huge transfer fee. JUST IN: Inter chief 'lands in London' with four Man Utd, Chelsea and Tottenham targets on agenda Osimhen has all the right attributes to thrive in the Premier League as the pacey, physical striker netted 18 goals in 32 matches last term. But Napoli won't let him go cheap, not least because they shelled out a whopping £73m to sign him back in 2020. It remains to be seen how Spurs' plans to lure in a new striker fit in with the talismanic Harry Kane. Not many top players would be keen on a move to north London if their primary role is to serve as back-up to the England captain, and several former Tottenham strikers have seen their stock plummet in recent years due to the difficulty of displacing him. DON'T MISSDarwin Nunez's Liverpool wages emerge with star telling friends £85m deal is 'done'Arsenal 'willing to pay over £42m' for midfielder as Roma 'return' for XhakaMan Utd put forward 'higher proposal than Liverpool' for Darwin Nunez Unsurprisingly, the Lilywhites are not the only club chasing Osimhen, although no suitors have made any serious progress due to the Nigeria striker's anticipated price-tag. Conte would have to work his powers of persuasion to drive Napoli down after two solid goalscoring seasons in Italy. The Spurs boss has already dipped into the Serie A market by locking down Inter Milan's Ivan Perisic, and he is reportedly keen on signing two more. Alessandro Bastoni and Lautaro Martinez are thought to be in the crosshairs, with the latter representing another alternative should Jesus be taken off the market. It has already been a productive summer for Spurs, despite the window officially opening as recently as Friday. Perisic and Fraser Forster have already been unveiled in white, while a deal for Middlesbrough full-back Djed Spence has reportedly been agreed. That means Conte should have his crop of wing-backs signed and sealed, giving him the freedom to focus on other areas of the pitch. Chairman Daniel Levy supposedly promised the Italian six new signings this summer as he puts together a squad capable of coping with the rigours of competing across multiple fronts, including the Champions League.