Monty Don is known and loved for his expertise on BBC Two's Gardeners' World, as he offers plenty of useful tips. Filming from his own home, he has offered inspiration to viewers for many years. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the horticulturist's nationality. Monty Don made a comeback to Gardeners' World in 2011, which he presents from his beautiful home in Herefordshire. The presenter was brought up in Hampshire and since 1988 he has worked full-time as a gardening broadcaster and author. He started his TV career on Granada's This Morning and has worked on various gardening programmes ever since. Off-screen, he was the gardening editor for The Observer from 1994 to 2006. Monty Don's nationality is British, but he was born in Germany. READ MORE: Why Didn’t They Ask Evans' Frankie star praises ‘conscientious’ costar He was born George Montagu Don in Iserlohn, West Germany in July 1955. Both of his parents are British, but his father was a career soldier stationed in Germany when he was born. The family moved to Hampshire in England when Monty was one. In his youth, he spent time living in various parts of the world, including France. Soon after he was born, his parents changed his name to Montagu Denis Don and when he was 10, he added his mother's maiden name, becoming Montagu Denis Wyatt Don. A 2019 edition of Gardeners' World magazine features an article from the horticulturalist called The Full Monty. He said: "I have my birth certificate open before me. A little dog-eared and worn, the handwritten form is still very legible. "It says that I was born in Iserlohn, West Germany, at five minutes past midnight on July 8, 1955. "It also has my name as George Montagu Don. However, this has a single line passed through it in different ink and in another, smaller hand is written Montagu Denis, to replace the George. "The intention had been to name me after my two grandfathers – George Don and Montagu Wyatt. DON'T MISS... Where is Longmeadow on Gardeners' World located? [EXPLAINER]Monty Don stuns fans as he announces change to Gardeners' World [INSIGHT] Gardeners' World star Monty Don saved from death by wife [DISCUSSION] "The latter died a few months before I was born, but my father’s father – George Don – when told of the arrangement for his latest grandson, said he thought Montagu was an absurd name and should be removed. "However, my parents, standing up to the old bully for once, removed his name instead. Which is why I am called Monty, shortened from Montagu, Don." Back in 2003, he opened up about his upbringing with his parents. He said: "The priorities were God first, others next, self last." "If you could not be dutiful to other people, you should be dutiful in the household. "Part of this involved working in the five-acre garden and the normal mowing/weeding routines. "At first, I resisted that enormously. The gardening was OK, but I hated being told what to do," he told The Guardian. In a separate interview with The Independent, he said his parents were very strict. "My father was an army officer who left the forces when I was six and never really fitted back into civilian life. "My mother had five children and a mother with Alzheimer's, who lived with us, so I imagined that she had a lot to do," he added. Gardeners' World airs on Fridays on BBC Two at 8pm.