Arsenal could complete the signing of Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus 'in hours' as Mikel Arteta closes in on his No 1 summer transfer target. The Gunners have seemingly fended off rival interest from Tottenham Hotspur and Paris Saint-Germain with Arteta reportedly on the brink of reuniting with Jesus. After six trophy-laden years at Man City, Jesus looks set to depart this summer for regular football after Pep Guardiola added Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez to his all-star attack. And with the 25-year-old understood to favour a Premier League stay, Arsenal look to be in the driving seat to make an exciting addition for the 2022-23 campaign. In an interview with wettfreunde, Fabrizio Romano revealed Arsenal are leading the race for Jesus, with negotiations at an advanced stage. He claimed they are in the process of laying out the finer details of the deal, indicating it's close to completion. He said: "I'm sure that Arsenal are absolutely leading the race [for Gabriel Jesus]. Arsenal are in really advanced talks. So they have the chance to complete this deal. If they want, it could be a matter of hours or days to complete this deal. They are in the final stages, but it is really important to complete these key details that sometimes could create some problems." JUST IN: Liverpool 'pass' on three Premier League stars despite 'easy' deals Jesus has reportedly opted for a move to Arsenal over Tottenham because of the lesser attacking competition he would face at the Emirates Stadium. The Brazil international would face the challenge of breaching Antonio Conte's first-choice front three - Dejan Kulusevski, Son Heung-min and Harry Kane. Meanwhile, at Arsenal, Eddie Nketiah is currently Arteta's sole first-team striker after Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's January switch to Barcelona and Alexandre Lacazette's impending July 1 exit as a free agent. Jesus will be planning to arrive in north London, potentially inherit Lacazette's No 9 shirt, and make the position his own. READ MORE: Man Utd request granted as Dean Henderson transfer agreement reached Arsenal are also eyeing a deal for Leeds United winger Raphinha, whose dream transfer to Barcelona is in doubt due to the La Liga giants' financial woes. But with Leeds refusing to sell the Brazilian for less than £65m, the Gunners and other suitors could shelve their interest. It wouldn't be a disaster, given Arteta boasts one of the most exciting left-footed wingers in Europe in Bukayo Saka. And Jesus can also make an impact on the right, as he regularly proved throughout Man City's latest Premier League-winning campaign. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here