Manchester United target Frenkie de Jong is the only player at Barcelona to have emptied his locker in the dressing room, a new report claims. The midfielder could be preparing to depart Camp Nou for good as Erik ten Hag pushes for a reunion in his first summer transfer window as United manager. Ten Hag has prioritised strengthening his midfield and attack as he begins a mammoth rebuild at Old Trafford. And De Jong is understood to be the Dutchman's leading transfer target amid Barcelona's financial troubles forcing them to raise funds through player sales for their own signings. The 25-year-old presents the most optimal chance for Barcelona to receive a significant fee this summer. And United are reportedly ready to offer the La Liga giants £69million to wrap up a deal and reunite Ten Hag with one of the stars of his successful tenure at Ajax. United's interest was first reported last month by Barcelona expert Gerard Romero. And according to Romero, De Jong's locker is the only one in the dressing room that's been left 'completely empty', potentially indicating he expects to leave the club this summer. JUST IN: Tottenham icon Chris Waddle questions 'strange' Ivan Perisic signing However, the Netherlands international hasn't kept his desire to remain at Barcelona quiet, going on record publicly to stress he doesn't want to leave his 'dream' club. While on international duty this month, he confirmed there were no agreements with him or Barcelona over a summer switch. He said: "I don't want to talk about rumours anymore. I feel good at Barcelona. There is no agreement and nothing official. I prefer to stay at Barcelona. I said this before, Barcelona is the club of my dreams ever since I was little." READ MORE: Four Darwin Nunez alternatives for Man Utd if Liverpool hijack star Despite De Jong's public plea to stay at Camp Nou, United are said to believe a transfer is there to be done and hope to make a breakthrough soon. The prospect of playing in the Premier League has handed him 'food for thought', which could help the Red Devils seal a deal. He still needs convincing, though, which could become an easier task once the first concrete offer has been submitted and Barcelona increase the pressure on him to move on. With the transfer window opening on June 10, De Jong's future is bound to dominate plenty of headlines until it's resolved. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.