Johnny Depp was represented by Camille Vasquez in the explosive defamation trial which saw him go head to head with ex-wife Amber Heard - but Camille has been adamant that she regards him as nothing more than her client. Yet how did her boyfriend react to the sudden and intense internet frenzy, with many insisting she was secretly dating Johnny? Camille has finally opened up about how he handled her becoming the subject of headline news overnight. "He is wonderful and supportive, loves me and has met Johnny and has worked for Johnny for four and a half years now," she revealed. The 37-year-old American attorney, who is just a year older than Johnny's ex Amber, told Access: "There was no issue there, ever." While the TV host jokingly welcomed Camille to Hollywood, she admitted that the idea she would ever make it big had been "surreal". READ NOW: Amanda Holden, 51, accidentally flashes knickers in summer dress "If someone would have told me this at the first day of college, I would have said 'You are kidding'," she admitted. "Obviously it was a bit of luck and a lot of hard work." The San Francisco lawyer, whose parents are of Cuban and Colombian origin, has also disclosed that she has become a role model for her work in the Hispanic community. On one occasion during the defamation trial, she had a conversation with someone she said had reduced her to tears after being touched by her work. "She stopped me and she made me cry," she explained. "She shared she took her daughter out of school today so she can see a Hispanic role model." However it's not just in the courtroom that she has impacted others' lives. It was reported by TMZ today that the quick-thinking attorney might just have saved a man's life. She had been on a flight from Los Angeles to New York when she and her bodyguard spotted a man in his 70s suddenly crashing to the ground. DON'T MISS... Dame Deborah James' fearless efforts as she plans out final days [LATEST] The One Show blasted by viewers for 'wasted' Rowan Atkinson interview [DEBATE] Dame Deborah James in farewell to brother but warns 'don't come back' [INSIGHT]  Camille instantly got in touch with her brother-in-law, who is a doctor, and he gave her guidance in real-time to identify whether or not the man was having a heart attack or bleed on the brain. At his direction, Camille's bodyguard used his Apple watch to monitor the heart-rate of the fallen passenger. The plane was forced to turn back to Los Angeles' LAX airport - but not before she was dubbed "wonder woman" by a flight attendant. She is also said to have been gifted bottles of Merlot and champagne by American Airlines staff. Camille is now credited as one of the key players in scooping Johnny a win in his defamation trial against Amber. It was a controversial moment that caused intense emotions in the online world as the public watched along at the televised trial. Jurors eventually decided that Johnny should be awarded $10 million in compensatory damages and punitive damages of $5 million but the latter number was reduced to $350,000 due to a 'statutory limit' in the state of Virginia - and fans of the Pirates of the Caribbean actor heralded her a hero. Meanwhile Hola! magazine included her on their celebrity pages, describing her as someone who is "paving the way for the new generation of Latinas".