Scotland’s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon unveiled plans for her IndyRef2 campaign earlier this week to kickstart a “refreshed” bid for Scottish independence. Ms Sturgeon argued that now was the time to set out "a different and better vision" for Scotland. The proposal comes less than a decade after the previous independence referendum in 2014, whereby Scots voted 55 percent to 45 percent to remain. At the time, the vote was labelled as a once-in-a-generation ballot, but Ms Sturgeon has remained committed to an independent Scotland. Ms Sturgeon argued that she won last May’s election with a “clear commitment to give the people of Scotland the choice of becoming an independent country”. She added that Holyrood has a “decisive majority” of MSPs in favour of Scottish independence. As a result of Ms Sturgeon’s new plans, Express.co.uk asked readers whether a second referendum on Scottish independence should be given. In a poll that ran from 10am on Tuesday, June 14, to 8am on Thursday, June 16, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Nicola Sturgeon be given her IndyRef2 vote?” A total of 5,197 people cast their votes with the overall response of 75 percent (3,908 people) voting “no”, Ms Sturgeon should not be given her IndyRef2 vote. A further 25 percent (1,281 people) said “yes”, a second independence referendum should be allowed, while just eight people said they did not know either way. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on the prospect of a second Scottish referendum. The majority of readers were against Ms Sturgeon’s IndyRef2 plans. Username StayUnited4 all! Commenting: “We do NOT want nor need another referendum. She should respect the 2014 vote.” Username Scottish Taxpayer said: “We have had our referendum on that, and we said NO!” And username Diashi wrote: “No, it was a once-in-a-generation vote, this generation has had theirs!”  Scottish Cabinet Secretary Angus Robertson said MSPs would be given a “route map to the referendum which we intend to hold next October” in the coming weeks. He told BBC's Good Morning Scotland programme on Wednesday, June 15, that the plan was to hold the referendum in October 2023. In order to hold the referendum, UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson needs to approve the decision to temporarily transfer powers to Holyrood. Ms Sturgeon offered to negotiate a Section 30 order with Mr Johnson to allow the referendum to happen. If a referendum bill was introduced without Westminster’s agreement, it could be challenged in court. DON'T MISSNicola Sturgeon approval rating plummets as voters reject new independence bid [INSIGHT]'This is your Remaniac make-believe!' Peston has Braverman erupt over EU protocol defence [VIDEO]Tory rebels pull rug from under Boris and seize on ANOTHER resignation in plot to oust PM [LATEST] Some readers argued that Ms Sturgeon should tackle more important issues facing Scotland. Username BouncyFrog said: “One referendum on sovereignty in a century. Cannot keep having referendums. Ask, get an answer, celebrate that answer and govern accordingly.” Another, username SanjayP said: “Sturgeon should get on with her day job. There are big problems in Scotland that need dealing with.” Scottish Labour MSP Pam Duncan-Glancy argues IndyRef2 is a distraction from the problems Scotland is facing. Ms Duncan-Glancy said: “The democratic thing to do would be to govern for the people of Scotland.” Other readers were in favour of IndyRef2 with username Pensioner 21 writing: “Let her have it and make sure she understands that whatever happens, she will have to take responsibility for the end result.”