The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who left the United Kingdom in 2019 as they gave up their roles as senior working royals for a life away from the spotlight in the United States, on Friday attended their first official event together since stepping back from the Firm. Their arrival at St Paul's Cathedral for the Platinum Jubilee Service of Thanksgiving was highly anticipated by observers eager to witness the couple in action in what marked their first appearance together at a royal engagement since 2020. Harry and Meghan got there just minutes before Prince William and Kate, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. Jubilee LIVE: Royal fans poised for glimpse of Queen TODAY The two pairs were seated on opposite sides of the aisle. Charles and Camilla followed but, once seated, they too stayed separate from the Sussexes. Meghan and Harry, in what seems a rather safe choice by organisers, sat alongside Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank on one side. The pair, with their son Jack, visited the US-based royals in Montecito back in February. On the other side of them was Lady Sarah Chatto – the daughter of Princess Margaret and the Queen's niece. While in the UK, the duke and the duchess are staying at Frogmore Cottage in Windsor with their two young children Archie, three, and Lilibet, who turned one on Saturday. DON'T MISSShould the Jubilee always be a bank holiday in the UK? [HAVE YOUR SAY]How the Express reported the Queen's accession 70 years ago [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry got NOTHING they wanted from Megxit [COMMENT] Senior royals have tweeted their birthday wishes to her, with greetings coming from the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall, as well as her aunt and uncle, the Cambridges. This week would have been the first opportunity for Her Majesty, 96, to meet her great-granddaughter. However, it has not been confirmed if such an encounter has taken place. As Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan, 40, climbed the steps of St Paul's Cathedral while smiling and waving at onlookers, the crowds cheered and booed. The response, an unsurprisingly mixed one, raises the question of just how well-received the two are in Britain slightly over two years after their move to the US and whether or not more visits are likely to follow.