Jason Hoganson, 51, was jailed for eight months last week after a court heard he has racked up more than 100 convictions. His latest happened after he had been drinking in Newcastle city centre and had missed his bus home on April 19. Hoganson entered a property near the bus stop and, when a resident became aware of him in his bedroom, Hoganson had the cheek to ask the man for a cigarette before leaving. But the burglar, who has several facial inkings, was soon snagged and locked up at Newcastle Crown Court last week. The court heard the defendant had stolen a cap and a jacket from the home, Chronicle Live reports. The judge was told Hoganson's life had spiralled out of control after playing a significant role in the film Empire State in 1987. Since then, he has struggled with drink and drug abuse and was jailed in 2020 for possession of a bladed article. However, Nick Lane, defending, said despite Hoganson's previous record of 103 convictions, he is not a habitual burglar. He added: "He had consumed alcohol and had missed the last bus home. In his inebriated state, he behaved in the way your honour has heard and very much regrets his actions. "Through me, he would wish to apologise to the occupants in the address because he understands they would have been caused alarm by his actions." Hoganson, from Wallsend, Tyne and Wear, also had a traumatic childhood, the court was told. "His life could have been very different," his lawyer said. "In 1988 he had a significant role in a Hollywood film, Empire State but he was unable to deal with his success in the role and (his traumatic childhood). "In his own words, he talks about tumbling down hills and getting his life stable again then a setback leading him into further use of illicit substances and a spiralling mental health crisis. He says he knows he should be dead by now given the abuse he had put his body through. He has self-harmed and has significant scarring to his face and other parts of the body. "He now has a relationship with a lady and he wants to stop taking drugs and focus on her. Because of sentences and offending he has seen his mother only two times in the last six years."