Five million Scottish Power customers have been warned their bills could be even higher if they delay paying them. People will be charged an extra £10 if they are 14 days late or £20 if they are £28 late paying. Scottish Power have been contacting customers to warn them of the changes, however the panic has caused some customers to pay their bills earlier than needed when they are not ready. Guy Sweet, 78, got in touch with BBC Money Box to explain his situation. Being on Pension Credit, paying this money early could have left him struggling for the rest of the month. He explained that he usually pays his energy bill at the end of the month, however when he heard about the late fee being introduced he was worried about being charged. READ MORE: PIP: Full list of conditions giving 3 million people up to £627 a month -are you eligible?  “Especially with things the way they are with the cost of living going up. “They really shouldn’t be squeezing people like this and it’s just a sort of threat.” Scottish Power told Money Box: "These charges bring us in line with other suppliers and reflect the cost to the business of collecting debt." Other charges they have introduced are around £30 if Scottish Power has to pass one's debt to a collection agency and £150 if they have to get a warrant to install a prepayment meter. Ofgem boss Jonathan Brearley said the energy price cap is expected to increase to around £2,800 a year, due to continued volatility in gas prices. The energy price cap limits how much providers can raise prices. Mr Brearley said the price rises were a "once in a generation event not seen since the oil crisis in the 1970s". He added the number of households in fuel poverty may double to 12 million. The energy price cap already rose in April to £1,971, meaning that homes using a typical amount of gas and electricity are now paying an extra £700 per year on average. Mr Brearley told the business select committee of MPs that Ofgem was only part way through reviewing prices ahead of setting the next cap in October, but added: "We are expecting a price cap in the region of £2,800." It means the typical household bill could rise by £800 per year. However the Chancellor Rishi Sunak is set to give pensioners an extra £850 to address the detrimental effects of the cost of living crisis. Pensioners can receive £150 council tax rebate, £300 extra being paid to those receiving Winter Fuel Payment and the £400 energy bill grant. Around eight million pensioners who receive the Winter Fuel Payment will get an extra £300 in November or December to address the rise in energy bills. Furthermore, another six million disabled Britons will be able to get £150 paid into their accounts if they receive certain qualifying benefits. Due to many pensioners having health conditions or ailments, they could end up claiming this extra payment. A ScottishPower spokesperson said: “We introduced an additional fee structure for retail customers’ accounts at the start of May 2022, including charges for missed direct debit payments as well as late payment fees. The charges – which were previously absorbed within the business – bring us in line with other suppliers and reflect the costs to the business of collecting the debt. Information on the potential charges is included in our collections correspondence so customers are aware of the impact of unpaid bills and missed payments. "The easiest way to avoid these potential charges is to pay on time or set up a direct debit to manage payments throughout the year. We would encourage any customer who has concerns about paying their bill to contact us as soon as possible.” If customers provide a meter reading on the date they wish their bill to be generated, Scottish Power can generate a bill aligning to their monthly bill date. It's also possible to set up a direct debit on a particular payment date. Ofgem sets the price cap, and this applies to all suppliers.