The Duke of Cambridge has often been compared to Bond particularly because of his military service and exploits with The East Anglian Air Ambulance. Ian Fleming's fictionalised Bond also attended Eton and had a military background like the Duke.  Unlike the Duke the original Bond was Scottish, something epitomised by Sean Connery who famously played the spy in the early film versions from 1962 to 1971. Bond producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael Wilson were at Buckingham Palace on Friday to receive CBE's from the prince. They confirmed they were “still on the hunt” for a new 007 as they joked that William would be an ideal candidate. Ms Broccoli argued that the Duke “ticks all the boxes” for the prestigious role.  She said after receiving her honour: “Unfortunately, the person we just met isn’t available. “He’s occupied, unfortunately, but he would be the perfect candidate — ticks all the boxes. “But he’s not available, sadly, so we’re still on the hunt.” Ms Broccoli is the daughter of the late Albert “Cubby” Broccoli, who produced many of the Bond films throughout the 60s, 70s and 80s. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry forced Charles to shelve monarchy plans  He was involved in the first film Dr No in 1962 until Pierce Bronson's first Bond film Goldeneye in 1995. She has produced the past nine Bond films, including Casino Royale, Skyfall and most recently No Time To Die with her half-brother Mr Wilson, having grown up around the Bond franchise. She said it was a “huge honour” to be appointed a CBE from the Duke. During his time as a pilot in the East Anglian Air Ambulance from 2015 to 2017, the Duke received plaudits for rescuing a trapped and injured man facing a “life-or-death situation” in Snowdonia. DON'T MISS: Kate and William stun in first official joint portrait [REVEAL] Royal Family: Vicious Harry and Meghan divorce report crushed [INSIGHT] Kate and William give their kids 'opportunity' to be 'more resilient' [SPOTLIGHT]  Last year William was compared to Bond by royal fans at his inaugural Earthshot prize gala, after wearing a green velvet tuxedo over a black polo neck. Viewers tweeted that he was “rocking the James Bond look”, while one argued: “I think Prince William should replace James Bond, seriously.” However should the Duke take on the role he would not be the first member of the Royal Family to be involved in the 007 franchise. The Queen appeared in a spoof sketch with then 007 Daniel Craig in the 2012 Olympics opening ceremony. Making her acting debut at the age of 86 Her Majesty delighted millions by meeting Mr Craig at Buckingham Palace before appearing to parachute out of a helicopter into the Olympic Stadium. 