Nationwide is one of the most popular building societies in the UK, and it boasts a number of savings options. One of these is the FlexDirect account, which has a leading interest rate in the current climate of two percent. The interest rate is fixed for 12 months on balances up to £1,500. Savers will need to pay in at least £1,000, not counting transfers from other Nationwide accounts or Visa credits. The account also has an interest-free arranged overdraft for 12 months, dependent on circumstances. There is also no monthly fee for maintaining this account. READ MORE: State pensioners may get extra £92 per week for hearing loss But aside from the in-account benefits, there is also an incentive for those who switch. Individuals who are not yet Nationwide members could get £100 to switch to the account. Conversely, those who are already members of Nationwide could get up to £125. Nationwide has said the offer is an example of the provider “giving back” to its members. DON'T MISSPremium Bonds: NS&I dispels ‘popular myth’ about winning chances [INSIGHT]Britons warned they could miss out on £650 cost of living payment [UPDATE]NatWest issues warning after woman scammed for £25,000 [WARNING] The offer can be unlocked when a person completes a full switch line to FlexDirect from another building society or a bank. They must also switch over two direct debits as part of this to benefit from the offer. Nationwide has warned it may change, replace or withdraw this offer at any time. As a result, Britons may wish to take advantage of it while they still can. There are certain eligibility criteria individuals will need to bear in mind to apply for the FlexDirect. Primarily, they must be 18 or over and a UK resident in order to apply. Savers must agree the account is for their personal use only as part of the terms of the agreement. They must also hold no more than four existing sole or joint Nationwide current accounts. Finally, savers will need to register for Nationwide’s Internet Bank to use the FlexDirect account. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Those who have has this account before will not receive the 12 month credit interest offer or the interest-free overdraft offer again. However, individuals will get the offer on a new joint account as long as they have not shared a FlexDirect account with that person before. Switching to Nationwide, the provider says, is designed to be “fast, seamless and guaranteed”. It should take place within seven working days, with dedicated staff undertaking the process for the saver. While there should not be any issues, Britons can be reassured they will not lose a penny, with their money totally guaranteed under the Current Account Switch Guarantee.