Widely supported in traditionalist central and eastern Europe, Ukrainian accession is however treated with greater scepticism in progressive western Europe. Despite the warm words towards Ukraine, the EU has clearly been split over how to handle the country’s conflict with Russia. But, of course, it goes deeper than that. Orthodox Christian Ukraine is a much neater fit with Catholic Poland, and conservative states in the predominantly Slavic eastern half of the EU, than with countries in the EU’s secular diverse west. Despite encouraging words from von der Leyen, any recommendation for accession would be a preliminary step on a very long road. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky may believe the EU’s decision will “determine” the future of Europe, but no sooner would his country join the bloc than it would find itself on the EU naughty step with Hungary and Poland. Indeed, Poland is once again in the EU dog house over alleged plans to create a ‘pregnancy register’. Officials deny this but given that Poland has just about the most restrictive abortion laws in the EU, alarm bells are ringing. Hungary and Poland have come in for criticism for their opposition to liberal values on LGBT issues as well as general hostility to mass immigration. Ukraine – with its conservative religious outlook – would likely prove to be a similar headache for the Brussels elite, who are constantly butting heads with leaders in central and eastern Europe, not least over apparent problems with the rule of law, something quite likely to become an issue with Kyiv. French President Emmanuel Macron has already warned it would be “decades” before Ukraine is accepted into the EU, instead suggesting Kyiv could join a “parallel European community”. While perhaps a move to placate Ukraine, Macron’s suggestion could open the door to a split between the two sides of the EU, with economic – but not political – integration. Support for joining the EU is certainly high in Ukraine, as it is in Poland. But as in Poland, one gets the impression that Ukrainians hope the EU can be more an association of sovereign states than a centralised body attempting to impose progressive norms and values across the bloc. The EU offers little in the way of security guarantees either. That is left to NATO, membership of which seems a distant prospect for Kyiv. If Ukraine wanted to join a European economic and security alliance then countries like Poland could instead create a new conservative European confederation in the EU’s east to accommodate the cultural sensibilities of countries like Ukraine. The other headache for Brussels is that any fast-track for Ukraine would involve speeding up EU accession for the likes of Serbia, another Orthodox Christian Slavic state where again the EU has concerns not only about the quality of institutions but how to accommodate such a conservative traditionalist outlook with the liberalism of say Germany or the Netherlands. The EU would be no panacea for Ukraine. Indeed, far from being a cure-all - as for Hungary and Poland - it could prove to be an almighty headache. As it is, countries like Hungary and Poland will become net EU contributors by the decade’s end, fundamentally altering the risk-reward calculation of EU membership. As non-Eurozone countries, most central and eastern EU member states can also extricate themselves more easily from the bloc. By all means Ukraine should seek new alliances. But it would do better to coalesce with its regional allies with which it can develop cohesion and consensus. Countries like Poland should know by now that western Europe is unlikely to change, and western European states should know central and eastern Europe is unlikely to change either. Kyiv should be wary of joining this house very much divided against itself.