Six people are thought to have been in the stricken vessel when it overturned on Roadford Lake in Lewdown, Okehampton on Wednesday afternoon. Four people were rescued, and two of them were taken to Derriford Hospital in Plymouth for treatment. One has since been discharged but another remains in hospital in a critical condition, Devon and Cornwall police said. A major operation using specialist equipment and resources in and over the water, on land, and with drones continued today, reports DevonLive. The families of two people who had been unaccounted for following the incident have been informed of the development. They are being supported by specially-trained officers and formal identification is yet to take place. It was earlier confirmed that two disabled people were missing after the accident, while four were rescued at the scene. Chief superintendent Dan Evans said: “This is an extremely distressing incident and our thoughts are with all of those involved and their loved ones, who we are working closely with to offer help and support wherever we can. “Every effort has been made to locate the two people who remained unaccounted for as fast as possible. Tragically, we can confirm that the bodies of two people were located and recovered this afternoon. Our priority is to support their families.” The search for the two missing people resumed today after it ended at nightfall yesterday. READ MORE: Britons face fresh travel hell as THREE more rail operators announc  A large-scale response from emergency services was launched at around 1.30pm on Wednesday. Police, fire and ambulance services, the air ambulance, HM Coastguard and search and rescue teams all attended the scene. Two other people were removed from the water and checked by ambulance teams before being discharged at the scene. No other boats were involved in the incident. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: 'Emboldened' Putin to unleash army on 'weak' Europe [INSIGHT]Two British soldiers sentenced to death by Russia [PICTURES]Ukraine wipes out THREE Russian ammunition depots in 24 hours [ANALYSIS]  A spokesman for Devon and Cornwall Police said yesterday: "Police remain at Roadford Lake in Lewdown, Okehampton, following an incident on Wednesday where a boat capsized in the water. "Police-led searches have recommenced today Thursday and efforts continue to locate two missing people. "Two people were removed from the water and taken to Derriford Hospital for treatment. One person has since been discharged and one person remains in hospital in a critical condition. Two other people were removed from the water and checked by ambulance teams before being discharged at the scene. "We are supporting the families of all those involved. The lake will remain closed for public access for the foreseeable future and localised road closures remain in place at the activity centre to allow access for the relevant emergency services."  