The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations will kick off on Thursday, June 2 with Trooping the Colour, the monarch's annual birthday parade. Trooping the Colour will see more than 1,400 soldiers, 200 horses and 400 musicians go on parade, and crowds are expected to gather in the streets of London for this special Platinum Jubilee edition of the famous event. The Queen's grandson Prince William oversaw final preparations for this year's edition of Trooping the Colour on Saturday. The colour of the Irish Guards will troop at this year's event and William, as Colonel of the Regiment, led the full dress rehearsal at Horse Guards Parade. William is expected to be one of the royals taking part in the event on horseback alongside his father Prince Charles, and his aunt Princess Anne. READ MORE: Why does the Queen have two birthdays?  Trooping the Colour is expected to begin at approximately 11am and it will begin at the monarch's administrative hub, Buckingham Palace. The procession will then move down The Mall, the long stretch between Buckingham Palace and Trafalgar Square via Admiralty Arch. The parade will march all the way to Horse Guard's Parade, the ceremonial parade ground in St James's Park, and back again. Trooping the Colour is expected to finish by 12.25pm and will be followed by the traditional aerial spectacular.  After Trooping the Colour, the traditional flypast is expected to light up the skies of London. The flyover is expected to pass Buckingham Palace at approximately 1pm on Thursday, and members of the Royal Family will view the spectacle from the Buckingham Palace balcony. Last week, aircraft from the Royal Air Force, British Army and the Royal Navy took to the skies to practice for the Queen's annual birthday parade. DON'T MISS:Everything happening over the bank holiday Jubilee weekend [EXPLAINER]A look at Queen's Cullinan Diamonds weighing over 1,000 carats [PICTURES]Jubilee decoration ideas: Simple tips to throw the perfect celebration [INSIGHT]  RAF College Cranwell in Lincolnshire was used as a stand-in for Buckingham Palace, and the flypast's timing was deemed "perfect" by Air Commodore Mike Baulkwill, the Combat Air Force Commander for the RAF’s No 1 Group. The Queen will be joined on the balcony by working members of the Royal Family, including Prince Charles, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. Sophie, Countess of Wessex and Prince Edward's children Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn are also expected to appear alongside their parents, as are the Cambridge children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Princess Anne will be joined by her husband Vice Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence, and several of the Queen's cousins will appear too. 