Duncan Larcombe, author of ‘Prince Harry: The Inside Story’, said the real “test” begins now for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex after their UK visit because they are in the “last chance saloon”. He warned the couple not to “leak” any information about the momentous occasion in their Netflix documentary series or Prince Harry’s long-awaited book.  The royal author said although an “olive branch has been extended by the Royal Family” the future relationship depends on the couple’s “behaviour moving forwards”. He warned the couple were on “dangerous ground" and may have to "prove they can be trusted". Mr Larcombe said: “It could be a huge step in the right direction and the start of a new beginning.” Writing for Closer Magazine, Mr Larcombe said there “will, without a doubt, have been a lot of tension, awkwardness and wariness behind the scenes” over the Platinum Jubilee weekend. He said: “Ultimately, Harry and Meghan’s presence will have been problematic, because of the fact that there has been a huge amount of trust broken. "The test really begins now for Harry and Meghan.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry ‘would not have been missed’ from Jubilee "They have come to the UK and to the Jubilee and really cemented themselves as royals again, which is great for their brand and something that Spotify, Netflix and Penguin will be eating up." The pair largely stayed out of the spotlight, only officially attending a thanksgiving service for the Queen in their first public appearance together in Britain since quitting royal duties. They joined other senior royals at the service at London's St Paul's Cathedral, the latest event in Platinum Jubilee celebrations marking the Queen's 70 years on the throne.  DON'T MISS Royal with most expensive wedding cake had 'turtle doves released' [INSIGHT]Americans rally around Meghan and Harry over family rift [INFO]Sussexes to expect 'heartless' Wallis Simpson treatment 'for decades' [OPINION] While their two young children did not appear in public, but are thought to have met the Queen for a special lunch. Mr Larcombe added: “Clearly an olive branch has been extended by the Royal Family here. "But Harry and Meghan would ruin that if any private information about this weekend was spoken about to the press or revealed in a book.  "It’s last-chance saloon for them now. "If anything from the weekend leaked, I imagine they will be totally cut off and that’ll be it."  Meghan and Harry are now back in the US with their two children Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana. It is not known when they plan to visit the UK again.