Queen and Adam Lambert are currently performing their 10 night residency at London’s The O2 with barely much of a break between shows. Brian May has opened up about a “privileged” experience he’s had from one in a new Instagram post. Enjoying the sun in a cowboy hat at home, the almost 75-year-old opened up to fans before heading off for another epic concert. Brian captioned the post:  A moment of reflection. Why the hat ? Well, having had a couple of skirmishes with skin invaders, I’m taking protection from the Sun much more seriously now. Hope you’re all taking care of yourselves out there. SUNSCREEN ! Don’t take chances ! Factor 50 !!! Cheers ! Who’s rockin’ with us tonight ?!!! Bri.” The Queen guitarist began his post: “Hey folks, howdy! It’s Bri grabbing a moment to relax because we don’t get much time off at the moment. It’s a really punishing schedule, but oh my god it’s worth it for a night like last night back in The O2. What an incredible audience you guys were.” Brian continued: “I had a rare moment just standing out there during We Are The Champions, looking around and realising that Adam was just letting you guys sing. And I’m playing and I’m watching all those hands in the air and your voices... and I thought, ‘Whoever gets the privilege of this wonderful moment?’ Incredible and I’m never going to take it for granted. Especially having had a couple of years when it wasn’t possible, so thank you. Thank you for keeping coming, keeping a hold of your tickets and giving us such a wonderful, wonderful experience in terms of feedback. God bless you all! And I’m going to see some of you tonight, I’m off in a minute!” Brian has also shared an epic picture of himself performing I Want It All, taken by a fellow 3D enthusiastic. He captioned this post: “WANT IT ALL !!! Great stereoscopic capture of my moment of truth - by @helenbovill3d - who has just been appointed Chair of the Stereoscopic Society of Great Britain - following in illustrious footsteps ! Congratulations Helen ! And we can see here why you have been honoured in this way ! Also this is my way of thanking you folks who cheered us on - the last couple of nights at the O2. Incredible ! You guys totally rock !! Ready for another big night tonight !!! Bri.” DON'T MISSBrian May shares his secret ‘post-Queen show treat’ after ‘best night’ [BRIAN MAY]Brian May shares ‘risky’ Platinum Jubilee entrance BBC failed to show [PLATINUM JUBILEE]Queen and Adam Lambert concert review: Unbelievably entertaining [REVIEW] Queen and Adam Lambert are performing tonight and Saturday at London’s The O2, before two final shows on Monday and Tuesday. After that, the trio will head off to mainland Europe for 18 more performances, finishing in Tampere, Finland on July 25. To book Queen and Adam Lambert concert tickets, click here.