Washing machines can quickly become faulty when unwanted items find their way into the laundry. While doing laundry is second nature for most, the way it is done it could be damaging both your clothing and your appliance. Express.co.uk spoke to an expert at Love Energy Savings on how homeowners should correctly be washing their clothes. The cleaning pro advised Britons to “always” separate their colours for the “best results” when it comes to doing laundry. They said: “A surprising number of people don't separate their colours, which will lead to colours running and whites ending up grey over time. “Always separate your colours for the best results.” Clothing that is prone to fading or odour retention will benefit from being washed inside out. Dark jeans, workout clothes and dark T-shirts should all be washed inside out. READ MORE: Laundry: ‘Important’ tips to ‘properly’ wash duvets for ‘best results’ The expert explained: “Turn certain items inside out to wash, such as tops with a printed slogan on, or jeans which might have embellishments. “This will protect the item and is less likely to lead to damage or fading.” From lingerie to cashmere sweaters, the most delicate clothing in your wardrobe should be hand-washed, not machine-washed, to keep its shape, colour, and overall look, according to experts. Before you wash an item, double-check the care label. DON'T MISS: ‘Very low maintenance’ flowers to plant for your summer garden [INSIGHT]How to ‘revive’ your lawn for summer - ‘will recover in a week’ [EXPERT]Weeding tips: ‘Most effective’ method to get rid of weeds for ‘free’ [TIPS] Always follow any "dry clean only" labels, and take the garment to a dry cleaners. The label means that water or excessive agitation may damage the garment. The cleaning guru agreed: “When it comes to delicates, it's a good idea to hand wash to be on the safe side. “Anything made of a delicate fabric should be hand washed and left to dry naturally.” Speaking of delicates, the expert also claimed that bras need to go into a laundry bag which you can put in the washing machine. They said: “Bra wires which have come out during the wash and got stuck in the machine mechanism are one of the most common causes of washing machine breakdowns.” Many people think you need to wash at a high temperature to get items really clean, however, this isn't necessarily the case, according to the cleaning guru. They said: “Modern laundry detergents clean your clothes perfectly at 30 degrees. “A 30-degree wash also uses less energy, meaning you are saving money on your wash cycle, at the same time as protecting your clothes, as fabrics such as wool and silk do not fare well under hot temperatures.” According to Which?, washing at 30 degrees instead of 40 degrees reduces energy use by 38 percent. As well as saving energy, it reduces carbon emissions by 858,000 tonnes, the same as taking 388,000 cars off the roads. Reducing washing temperature by just 10 degrees could also save households in bills.