For their latest project, Nick and the team travelled to Fegg Hayes in Stoke, where they met charity worker Sue, who wanted to tackle poverty, isolation and mental health problems in the area by taking over a patch of wasteland to create a garden and centre for the community to use. Despite facing several delays due to the weather, in the end, the BBC host unveiled a stunning garden where the people of the Fegg Hayes could grow vegetables and all come together in one place. "You've been dreaming of this for a long time," Nick said to Sue before the unveil. "Open your eyes." The host appeared to get emotional as Sue broke down in tears over the makeover. As Sue paused to take it all in, Nick joked: "Well, I have never seen you speechless and I don't suppose many of your friends have either." "No," Sue sobbed before adding: "Absolutely amazing, thank you so much." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Chas Dingle in heartbreaking baby adoption twist "Isn't it pretty?" Nick asked before Sue praised: "It's really pretty. Even the trees look happy, everything looks happy." As the host showed Sue the welcoming piece in the garden, she said: "I can just see kids there having some photos. "This is what it's about, making everybody feel welcome." As they went inside, Sue laughed: "Can you build me a kitchen at home? "Wow, that is amazing, especially for disabled people coming in. The kids can help, they can do stuff." Nick explained it was a place where they could teach the children of the community how to cook. As Nick invited the team who worked on the project, Sue got emotional again as she thanked every who helped. The host concluded the show by saying to viewers: "We can't help everybody, but everybody can help somebody." DON'T MISS...Rod Stewart 'disappointed' by Harry and Meghan's treatment of Queen [VIDEO]Brenda Blethyn discusses character clash in ITV series [INSIGHT]Coronation Street fans fear for Toyah as Imran's real killer exposed [SPOILERS] Viewers were also left sobbing by the transformation, and many took to social media to praise Nick and the team. User @sherieamore1 wrote: "Happened upon the last few minutes of #DIYSOS and I must be tired because I am SOBBING." Julie-Anne Rowe tweeted: "Here come the tears. Every sodding time #diysos." While Ann added: "In pieces watching #diysos it means so much to so many. I'm so glad there is a place accessible to everyone." "#DIYSOS never ever fails to make the eyes water, so good but it definitely pulls on the heartstrings," Jamie Christie praised. Scott Montgomery penned: "#DIYSOS absolutely brilliant #togetherYouCanMakeADifference and change lives for the better. "What an amazing person and an amazing team who made it happen, bringing people #Together has never been as important as it is now." (sic) DIY SOS: The Big Build returns on Tuesday at 8pm on BBC One.