Zinedine Zidane could stifle Chelsea's summer transfer plans if he replaces Mauricio Pochettino as Paris Saint-Germain manager. Zidane has reportedly identified two top targets for if or when he succeeds Pochettino in the PSG dugout next season. Sport report the Frenchman's PSG arrival 'seems to be a matter of details', with new sporting director Luis Campos 'pressured' by the club's Qatari ownership to appoint him over Nice boss Christophe Galtier. But he wants guarantees of 'absolute control' over recruitment and would like the Ligue 1 champions to sanction two free transfers to start his reign. According to El Chiringuito, via Sport, Zidane wants to add Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba and Barcelona winger Ousmane Dembele to his squad at the Parc des Princes. He is eyeing the two high-profile free transfers as his maiden activity in the transfer market, potentially bad news for Chelsea and Juventus. Pogba is in discussions over a return to Juventus, but, as a Parisien, interest from the French icon at PSG could sway the 29-year-old's head. Meanwhile, Chelsea are understood to be favourites to sign Dembele once his Barcelona contract expires this summer. JUST IN: Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd eye bargain, Liverpool mull price-tag Thomas Tuchel wants to bolster his attack ahead of the new campaign, with Romelu Lukaku expected to re-join Inter Milan on loan. Dembele presents an exciting opportunity to take advantage of the free agency market, and Chelsea have seemingly had a free run at him. The 25-year-old enjoyed an impressive second half of last season under Xavi Hernandez at Camp Nou, registering 13 assists and one goal in 15 La Liga starts throughout 2021-22. He has proven he still possesses star quality when fit, but constant injury problems have plagued his £135m arrival in 2017. READ MORE: Leeds transfer chief Victor Orta 'working on' transfer after Marc Roca A switch to Chelsea and the Premier League's draw could be enticing for Dembele, who is seemingly ready for a new challenge. But an approach from PSG and Zidane could be too tempting to turn down, especially with France teammate Kylian Mbappe set to stay. There will likely be significant developments regarding Dembele's future in the next two weeks, with just 15 days left until his Barcelona contract expires. But Zidane's potential arrival in Paris would undoubtedly make the Blues and Tuchel sweat over the availability of one of their leading summer transfer targets. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.