Arsenal have reportedly had four players taken off their striker shortlist as boss Mikel Arteta desperately attempts to bolster his forward line this summer. But the Gunners still have four options ahead of this summer’s transfer window, which opens next Friday. Arsenal could be bereft of strikers in just a matter of weeks as Alexandre Lacazette is set to sign for Lyon, while Eddie Nketiah’s future is unclear as he comes to the end of his contract. Arteta could be left with a distinct lack of forward options if he doesn’t act quickly after the Spaniard also allowed Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang to depart the Emirates Stadium and sign for Barcelona in January. But he looks likely to be thwarted in his attempts to sign Inter Milan’s Lautaro Martinez, Sassuolo’s Gianluca Scamacca, Everton’s Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Aston Villa’s Ollie Watkins. “My plan is clear - I really want to stay at Inter next season,” revealed Martinez, who is also attracting interest from Chelsea and Tottenham. Scamacca, meanwhile, is also said to be happy in Italy after his club reportedly turned down a £34million bid from the Gunners this week. READ MORE: Liverpool's new incentive to seal £38.3m transfer as Mane replacement   Arsenal have been tracking Calvert-Lewin for some time. But they could now be priced out of a move for the England international as the Toffees are said to want a staggering £85m for him. Meanwhile, Villa boss Steven Gerrard has insisted he has no intentions of allowing Watkins to move on. “Ollie’s going nowhere,” said the legendary Liverpool midfielder. “We love him.” That means Arsenal will have to look elsewhere for a new striker. And Express Sport takes a look at four options they have. Gabriel Jesus Arsenal have been heavily linked with Gabriel Jesus in recent months. And they are reportedly close to signing the Manchester City star. Jesus has been given plenty of gametime at the Etihad Stadium but isn’t necessarily a key player for Pep Guardiola. And he has refused to sign a new deal. The ace has just one year remaining on his City contract and the Citizens look likely to cash in on him this summer to ensure they don’t lose him for free. And Arteta would surely make the 25-year-old Brazil international a central point of his team if he did move to north London. DON'T MISS Arsenal choose 'priority' from three targets with decision days away Jack Grealish furiously defends party antics as England's poster boy Newcastle can make four free signings to challenge for Europa League       Victor Oshimen Napoli striker Victor Oshimen has lit up Serie A this season and appears to be a man in demand. The 23-year-old scored 18 goals last season, including a brace against Leicester in the Europa League, and is improving every season. He certainly knows where the back of the net is so could be just the man Arteta is after. Tammy Abraham Another player who has impressed away from England is Roma striker Tammy Abraham. The 24-year-old left Chelsea last summer to link-up with Jose Mourinho’s side - and he enjoyed a sensational maiden campaign in Italy as he bagged 27 goals in all competitions. Abraham has already shown he can find the back of the net in the Premier League after starring for Chelsea under Frank Lampard. And Arteta would surely be confident that Abraham can bang in the goals if he did move to the Emirates Stadium. Armando Broja If Arsenal fail to land Jesus, Oshimen or Abraham, they could attempt to lure Chelsea striker Armando Broja to the club. The 20-year-old, who was born in Slough but has 12 caps for Albania, impressed during a loan spell with Southampton last season, where he netted six top flight goals. And if he led the Gunners forward line next season, he could see that tally increase significantly as chances would fall to him much more often. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 