Across the British Isles, hay fever is thought to affect around 10 million people, and almost one in four adults. The allergy can not only make life difficult for patients during daylight hours, but also at night time. Are runny noses and sore eyes hindering your quality of sleep? Here’s four essential tips to help cure your ailments at night. Around 41 percent of adults consider themselves bad sleepers, according to new research by DFS. Allergies, such as hay fever, can play a big role in preventing people from getting the kind of good quality rest their bodies require. Luckily, Anne Marie Boyhan, sleep expert at The Sleep Care Co., is on hand to provide her expert advice, to aid your allergies at night time. She told Express.co.uk that “keeping on top of dusting, vacuuming, and cleaning will aid allergies overall”. But if that’s not enough, then check out the following tips.  READ MORE: Vascular dementia symptoms: Memory problems not always ‘an issue' Ms Boyhan explained while the weather is getting hotter, any hay fever patients should really try to keep their windows shut during the day and night. Doing so “will reduce the amount of pollen making its way into your room, helping to keep your symptoms at bay”. The sleep expert stressed this is particularly important if you’ve spent time outside, during the day.  Keeping your duvet or blanket out of the way during daylight hours will help to prevent it coming into contact with pollen particles that may be brought into the house. Ms Boyhan said: “An air purifier is also a great investment for anyone suffering with hay fever. DON'T MISS: High cholesterol: Pain in three areas of the body signals high levels [EXPLAINER]'Shameless' Sturgeon provokes furious backlash at Jubilee concert [INSIGHT]Climate activists mistakenly target electric car after attacking 3... [NEWS]  “A good air purifier will filter pollen particles, in turn aiding your allergies and improving the air quality in your bedroom. “Not only is this ideal for people who find their sleep is interrupted by hay fever symptoms, but is beneficial to your overall wellbeing.” Essential oils could also help to relieve allergy symptoms, it's been claimed. Add lavender essential oil and water to a spray bottle, and spritz your bedroom, mattress and sheets.  Not only does the scent aid sleep, but the spray is also antibacterial, and will de-wrinkle your duvet too. Lavender essential oil is believed to reduce anxiety symptoms, and is therefore ideal for anyone who struggles to unwind at the end of the day, or is dealing with stress. If you don’t like the scent of lavender, then try bergamot essential oil, which is both anti-inflammatory and antibacterial. Using a budget friendly DIY dust repellent will also help to reduce allergies by keeping dust away for longer. For a simple yet effective dust repellent, make a mixture of: Then, simply add the mixture to a spray bottle, apply onto a microfibre cloth, and dust. 