Anyone that owns a rare game for Nintendo's ground-breaking NES console is sitting on a small fortune. This week retro gaming website PriceCharting, which tracks the prices of countless games and how this changes over time, released their latest 'Hot Items' list. This shows the games that have risen in value the most during the past week, and there's one game that has risen in value by over £2,000. This game is Family Fun Fitness Stadium Events for the NES. A loose version of this game (i.e the cartridge on its own) has just risen by over £2,000 to around £15,850. If you think that's impressive, then you'll be blown away by the price of a complete edition. As the name suggests, a complete edition of a game means you'll have the cartridge or disc for the game itself, the box, any inserts and manuals plus any accessories included with it. And a complete version of this NES game is worth a whopping $55,000 / £45,271. If you're wondering why this game is so expensive, there's a very good reason for this. Family Fun Fitness Stadium Events is believed to be one of - if not the - rarest game ever released for the NES. The North American version of the game is the one that everyone is after which will set you back a small fortune. The game is part of the Family Fun Fitness series and works in conjunction with the Family Fun Fitness mat accessory. The fitness game lets NES gamers compete in four different events - the 100M dash, 110M hurdles, long jump and triple jump. While the accompanying mat for the game let two players compete in a single event at once, with controls on one side of the mat for dash and hurdles, and the other side for jump events. It's thought NES games had a standard run of at least 10,000 copies. But Family Fun Fitness Stadium Events is so scarce that gamers have speculated to the reasons as why it is so hard to find, with theories claiming large quantities of the game were disposed of at landfill. The chances of finding one of these games at your local car boot sale or in a nearby charity shop is extremely rare these days. But it has happened in the past, with an ESPN article about the game telling the story of one woman who purchased the game for just $8 at a thrift store. And the money she used from the re-sale of the game at a later date helped her put down a deposit for her house, pay off her student loans, purchase a few extras to treat her and her husband and still have money to spare.