Chef Gordon Ramsay met up with his friend, football legend David Beckham, at the Goodwood Festival of Speed as the two joined up to enjoy the celebration of cars and motorsports. The Kitchen Nightmares star arrived with his daughter Holly Ramsay, 22, in style in a 1963 Aston Martin worth up to £1.5million. Holly smiled at the camera as she sat in the passenger seat of the car, captioning an Instagram post: '"We <3 fast="" cars="" p=""> During the festival, the former England captain was spotted in the brand new Maserati MC20 Cielo as crowds of fans waved. Beckham, 47, shared a snap on his Instagram story alongside Ramsay, 55, and captioned the post: "Great catching up mate!" READ MORE: George Russell to make a surprise appearance at Goodwood   The event sees historic motors take place in an annual hill climb in the grounds of Goodwood House, West Sussex. The pair became friends when Ramsay was hired to cater for Beckham's World Cup party in 2006, reported the Daily Record. The entire Ramsay family were also invited to Miami for Beckham's eldest son Brooklyn’s wedding to Nicola Peltz earlier this year. Other celebrities spotted at the festival this year included Caitlin Jenner, who strolled around the site with a friend. DON'T MISS Drivers wanting to switch to EVs now face huge wait [REVEAL] The ideal mileage to look for when buying a used car [INSIGHT] Drivers and cyclists go head to head over helmet cam videos [WARNING] The festival has seen an array of incredible cars making their debuts, as well as classic, iconic vehicles from racing’s past. Both Damon Hill and Nigel Mansell have taken their respective F1-winning cars up the hill. And Ferrari, Porsche, McLaren and Lamborghini have all unveiled supercars. Many manufacturers make attempts to break the world record for the hill climb, which is currently held by an electric VW. Among the many machines on show at this year’s Goodwood Festival of Speed is the Hennessey Venom F5, an American-built car with a rumoured top speed of 334mph. While it couldn’t go quite that fast in Sussex, it did go up the famed hill at quite a lick. Made as a love letter to horsepower by the Texas-based company, the car was recently driven by Top Gear who described it as ‘the world’s maddest hypercar’. Just 24 coupes will be made, costing £2million a piece, and they are already sold out. The Venom F5 will do 0-62mph in 2.6secs, 0-124mph in 4.7secs and 0-250mph in 15.5secs, almost twice as fast as the Bugatti Chiron. Under the bonnet is an engine named ‘Fury’ - understandable given it’s a 6.6-litre twin turbo V8, 1,817bhp. At this weekend’s festival it was piloted by racing driver Alex Brundle and despite some light rain, video footage shows the astonishing power involved.