Coronation Street legend Sue Cleaver, has wowed viewers in recent years with her weight loss, dropping from a size 16 to a 12. The Eileen Grimshaw actress announced in February last year that she had lost three stone in total by switching to one diet in particular. The Mediterranean diet is packed with nutritional foods such as fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and heart-healthy fats. It usually includes a low intake of meat and dairy foods, including foods with high sugar content. Sue's weight loss journey began in 2016, after the star was left unhappy with what she saw on the bathroom scales and decided to shed a few pounds. A source previously told Woman magazine: "Sue was always a self-confessed foodie, who admitted that over-indulgence was her Achilles Heel. Now everything’s changed. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "Sue’s in her mid 50s so it was a no-brainer that cutting down on certain things was what she had to do. "She’s in this for the long game and wants to live a long, happy and healthy life. "Losing the weight and keeping it off was not only important for Sue, but also the men in her life - her partner and son Elliot." The Mediterranean is a popular choice for weight loss as there are no strict rules to follow. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] It is associated with a variety of benefits and may help support brain function, promote heart health and regulate blood sugar levels. Foods that should be incorporated in the Mediterranean diet include: Vegetables - tomatoes, broccoli, kale, spinach, onions, cauliflower, carrots, Brussels sprouts, cucumbers, potatoes, sweet potatoes, turnips Fruits - apples, bananas, oranges, pears, strawberries, grapes, dates, figs, melons, peaches Nuts, seeds, and nut butters: almonds, walnuts, macadamia nuts, hazelnuts, cashews, sunflower seeds, pumpkin seeds, almond butter, peanut butter Legumes - beans, peas, lentils, pulses, peanuts, chickpeas Whole grains - oats, brown rice, rye, barley, corn, buckwheat, whole wheat bread and pasta Fish and seafood - salmon, sardines, trout, tuna, mackerel, shrimp, oysters, clams, crab, mussels Poultry - chicken, duck, turkey Eggs - chicken, quail, and duck eggs Dairy - cheese, yogurt, milk Herbs and spices - garlic, basil, mint, rosemary, sage, nutmeg, cinnamon, pepper Healthy fats - extra virgin olive oil, olives, avocados, and avocado oil These processed foods and ingredients should be limited: Added sugar - added sugar is found in many foods but especially high in soda, candies, ice cream, table sugar, syrup, and baked goods Refined grains - white bread, pasta, tortillas, chips, crackers Trans fats - found in margarine, fried foods, and other processed foods Refined oils - soybean oil, canola oil, cottonseed oil, grapeseed oil Processed meat - processed sausages, hot dogs, deli meats, beef jerky Highly processed foods - fast food, convenience meals, microwave popcorn, granola bars According to Healthline, numerous studies have shown that the Mediterranean diet can promote weight loss and help prevent heart attacks, strokes, type 2 diabetes, and premature death. Sue also suffers from type 2 diabetes, a condition in which a person’s blood sugar (glucose) levels become too high. In the past, she has spoken in support of Diabetes Week, where she told Diabetes Advice: "Having good control of diabetes is really important. "After all, people with the condition live with it every day, taking care of their diet and physical activity."