Prince Andrew stepped back from public duties but is now trying to “arrange a comeback” according to royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams. He argues that the Duke of York is getting “nowhere” as he attempts to return to royal duties and urges him to accept he has “no future public role”. He said that the Queen’s second son could be given a new role created for him by the Firm such as “managing the royal estates”. Mr Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk: “Andrew is in the background, though he is trying to arrange a comeback and it is getting him nowhere. “Indeed there is even more adverse publicity but public support is near zero. “He has to accept that, at 62, he has no future public role. The Royal Family have to create one for him, such as managing the royal estates.” It is reported that Andrew has asked his mother to reinstate his titles to allow him to return to official events. In response, Express.co.uk asked readers their thoughts on Andrew having a new role in the Royal Family. In a poll that ran from 10am on Friday, June 17, to 10am on Sunday, June 19, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Prince Andrew have a new role created for his ‘comeback’?” Overall, 7,852 people responded with the overwhelming majority, 93 percent (7,338 people), answering “no”, Andrew should not have a new role created for his “comeback”. A further six percent (433 people) said “yes”, while just one percent (81 people) said they did not know. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on Andrew coming back to public life.  One reader, username Audumla said: “It's far too soon to consider anything public for him.” Username Greatgrandmother said: “Prince Andrew should ‘bow out’ gracefully and go live his life in quiet seclusion.” And username WOLFMOM wrote: “Prince Andrew needs to stay in the background. He has already done damage to the Royal Family. “He needs to stay in the background and forget about being brought in as a working Royal.” Andrew stepped back from public duties in November 2019 after revelations of his friendship with Jeffrey Epstein. In the face of a civil sexual assault case in – Andrew has always strongly denied the allegations – his HRH status, military titles and royal patronages were returned to the Queen. He reached an out-of-court settlement with Virginia Roberts Giuffre and his lawyers said this was not an admission of guilt. The Queen has indicated that she would like Andrew to return to public life and showed her support by allowing Andrew to escort her to Prince Philip’s memorial service in March. DON'T MISS: EU and Von der Leyen blocking movement of medical devices to Northern Ireland [LATEST]EU wants to impose bizarre new rules on Northern Ireland [UPDATE]'Who are you talking to!?' Irish PM loses it after BBC's Sophie Raworth shames Brussels [VIDEO] The Queen had approved Andrew’s appearance at Order of the Garter on Monday, June 13, but Prince Charles and Prince William intervened. Both future Kings were said to have felt “significant unease” about Andrew being included so he was restricted to private elements. Some readers commented that Andrew could not expect any role in the Firm in the future. Username theoldone said: “If the idea is really to cut the Royals down to Charles, William and his family and Princess Anne why on earth would we want to let Andrew back in?” And username RIFLE8 said: “It should be made very clear to Andrew that there is no role for him in the Royal Family.” However, username holiday said: “Andrew is part of the Royal Family whether you like it or not. He needs to feel part of it again. “It cannot be rocket science for the Family to find a role for him which is useful. There must be lots of roles/jobs that they do not have time for or do not like doing that are not in the front line so to speak.”