Cristiano Ronaldo is reportedly worried by Manchester United’s slow start to the summer transfer window. The Red Devils have been pursuing the likes of Frenkie de Jong, Antony and Jurrien Timber as they look to give Erik ten Hag a platform to achieve success. However, right now, they’re yet to add a single reinforcement - in stark contrast to their Premier League rivals. Ronaldo was a shining light for Manchester United last term, scoring an impressive 24 goals across all competitions despite the club’s woes under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. He’s now poised to stay and play under Ten Hag, who said at his unveiling last month the 37-year-old would bring ‘goals’ to his team. But Spanish newspaper AS say Ronaldo isn’t happy at Old Trafford, with the veteran ‘worried’ by the club’s slow start to the summer. United have lost the likes of Juan Mata, Jesse Lingard, Paul Pogba, Nemanja Matic and Edinson Cavani on free transfers. But despite the transfer window being open for over three weeks, they’re yet to get a single deal over the line. That has Ronaldo fearing that United may actually get worse next term, with the Portugal international feeling they require a huge rebuild. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez However, United are not making the signings the veteran feels are necessary and their talisman’s mood is worsening as a result. It’s common knowledge that the Red Devils wish to sign De Jong from Barcelona, with talks with the Catalan giants ongoing for weeks. Yet they’re still unwilling to meet their rivals’ demands and it’s possible they’ll actually end up walking away from a deal. Timber had also been a target until recently but, after a warning from Louis van Gaal, is poised to stay at Ajax as the World Cup in Qatar creeps closer. And though United want Antony, they won’t be held to ransom when it comes to snapping up the Brazil international. The publication adds, too, that Ronaldo fears Erling Haaland and Darwin Nunez could take Manchester City and Liverpool to even greater heights. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen Haaland has joined Manchester City, with the Norway international deciding to swap Borussia Dortmund for the Etihad Stadium. And Nunez recently moved to Liverpool from Benfica after netting a remarkable 34 goals across all competitions. United had previously had interest in both players. But, with Haaland, they knew they wouldn’t win the race for the striker given their lack of Champions League football. And, with Nunez, the Red Devils opted against entering a bidding war with Liverpool for the Uruguay international despite Erik ten Hag admiring the 22-year-old. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Ronaldo, meanwhile, recently backed Ten Hag and said that ‘things must change’ in the way the Dutchman wants. "I know that he has done a fantastic job at Ajax, and that he is an experienced coach,” he told club media. “But we have to give him time. "Things must change the way he wants. If he does well, all of Manchester United will be successful, so I wish him well. “We are all happy and excited, not only as players, but as fans as well. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “We have to believe that next year we can win titles." And, in April, United legend Jaap Stam expressed a belief the club should build their team around Ronaldo despite the veteran entering the twilight years of his career. "Well, the midfield of course, and the defence is very important," he said when asked about the Red Devils’ transfer priorities for this summer. "When you’re looking at the squad now, there are a few players I think you work around in building your team. "That’s Cristiano if you want to keep him. I think Bruno as well, in the midfield.”