Jack Draper was the victim of a bird pooing on him during the 20-year-old’s interview with Amazon Prime ahead of his Eastbourne International semi-final. The Brit was being interviewed live-on-air before he was interrupted by an unfortunate gift from the sky. Draper was explaining his journey at the Eastbourne competition. "Playing these guys, and beating these guys, is really important for me, and significant,” he told Amazon. “But, at the same time, I know it is on a grass court as well, this season is short and there is not a lot of players who earn a living on the grass court." Draper’s attention was then diverted elsewhere as he noticed something on his hand. "I've just been pooed on by a bird." He asked the Amazon team whether that was good luck and when they confirmed that it was, he said: "You know, my coach got that yesterday, as well, so it's good luck." Draper became the last Brit standing at Eastbourne as he defeated compatriot Ryan Peniston to advance to the semi-finals, while both Cameron Norrie and Harriet Dart suffered defeat in their last eight ties. The world No 108 fought back from a break down in the second set to win 6-3 6-3, claiming 13 of the final 15 points to secure a place in the final four against Maxime Cressy, his first ATP Tour semi. VIEW THE FULL 2022 WIMBLEDON DRAW HERE "I know what Maxime is going to come at me with. I've seen him play a bit of Dan [Evans] and Cam [Norrie] in the past couple of days," Draper said ahead of his match with the world No 60. "He had been on the [ATP] Challenger Tour. I have been seeing him a lot at the same tournaments. He is very unique. He's got quite a traditional game, so it's going to be fun to play him." MORE TENNIS NEWS...Rafael Nadal Wimbledon dream shared by breakout star Ryan PenistonNick Kyrgios has ideal Wimbledon draw to scupper Rafael Nadal's hopeMurray told he has zero pressure at Wimbledon as first opponent named He will take on Zizou Bergs in a tough first-round match at Wimbledon, while a difficult test, he will find it easier than his debut at SW19 last year where he faced Novak Djokovic. “I was in Aorgani Park watching it on the big screen,” he recalled finding out he would face the Serbian icon. “Hopefully this time I will be on court when it happens so I am not getting nervous. “I definitely believe in my ability and my game to beat the best players in the world, especially on grass. I will go to Wimbledon confident whoever I play, there is no doubt I can go far next week but at the same time there are a lot of things that need to fall into place.” Draper put up a good fight against Djokovic last year, but was beaten 4-6, 6-1, 6-2, 6-2 on Centre Court by the eventual tournament winner.