Stranger Things season four was split into two parts, with the second volume arriving on Netflix on July 1. The final two episodes should pick up directly after the events of the part one finale, which revealed the true identity of Vecna (played by Jamie Campbell Bower). Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what time volume two arrives on TV. Stranger Things fans are gearing up for an emotional end to the latest season, which revealed some shocking truths. With Eleven (played by Millie Bobby Brown) separated from the rest of the gang, they were left to take care of themselves. A new evil has taken over Hawkins and Vecna continues to prey on vulnerable victims. Season four ended with Nancy Wheeler (Natalia Dyer) getting trapped in the Upside Down. Vecna's backstory was revealed and it transpired he used to be Henry Creel, who had helped El at the lab. READ MORE: How many episodes are in Stranger Things season 4 volume 2? Episodes eight and nine form volume two and they will arrive on Netflix in the US from midnight Pacific Time and 3am Eastern Time. For those watching in the UK, they will need to wait until 8am for the feature-length episodes. Episode eight is called Papa and it has a run time of an hour and 25 minutes. The season finale, titled The Piggyback, has an even longer run time of two hours and 20 minutes. Creator Matt Duffer said more time was needed for the big reveals to sink in. A trailer for the second volume has been released and it shows Eleven confronting Vecna. Elsewhere, Nancy seems to have been rescued from The Upside Down thanks to Steve Harrington (Joe Keery) and Eddie Munson (Joseph Quinn). But the gang is not out of the woods yet as they are forced to become heroes yet again. Viewers are worried about the fates of their favourite characters, including Steve. He was injured in the first volume after getting pulled into Vecna's lair. DON'T MISS... Stranger Things season 5 theory: Mike trapped in Upside Down [THEORY] Stranger Things star details hair malfunction 'I didn't realise' [INTERVIEW] Stranger Things: Who is Joseph Quinn's character Eddie based on? [INSIGHT] Steve was attacked by evil creatures, which he managed to fend off until his friends arrived. He seems to be holding up well for the time being, but he may not last until the season finale. Elsewhere, viewers will be waiting to see whether Hopper (David Harbour) will escape Russia. He was thrilled to be reunited with Joyce (Winona Ryder), but they still have the challenge of getting out of the prison camp alive. Thankfully there will be more episodes to come as season five has already been given the green light. However, the Duffer Brothers announced season five would be the final instalment in the series. This comes as bittersweet news as they did suggest some spin-off series could come to light. Viewers will no doubt have tissues to hand as they prepare for an emotional season four finale.  Stranger Things season 4 volume 2 arrives on Netflix on July 1.