Meghan and Harry did not appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony on June 2 after the Trooping of the Colour as they are not working royals. The Palace had confirmed that the Queen would only be accompanied by working members of the Royal Family to watch the RAF flypast. The Queen herself said she will only be accompanied by working members of the Royal Family to watch the RAF flypast.  However, there have been reports a second balcony appearance could take place to showcase the “future of the monarchy” on Sunday, June 5 following the Platinum Jubilee Pageant. If such an event goes ahead, the Queen is expected to be joined by heirs Prince Charles, Prince William and Prince George, and more members could join too. Royal biographer Omid Scobie has said Meghan and Harry may be invited to appear on the iconic balcony on this occasion. He said: “We'll definitely see Harry and Megan at the Thanksgiving service at St Paul's Cathedral.” He also confirmed the couple “will not be out” on the balcony on Thursday but said they could make a "surprise appearance" on Sunday. Following this, Express.co.uk asked readers their opinions on whether Meghan and Harry should make such an appearance on the balcony. In a poll that ran from 10am on Tuesday, May 31, to 10am on Thursday, May 2, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Meghan and Harry appear on the royal balcony during the Jubilee?” Overall, a whopping 14,916 people cast their votes with the dominant response being “no”, they should not make a balcony appearance, winning by a landslide of 97 percent (14,419 people). A further three percent (437 people) answered “yes”, they should make a balcony appearance. Meanwhile, just 60 people said they did not know either way. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on Meghan and Harry’s visit to the UK for the Platinum Jubilee. One reader, username ScotsLass said: “Absolutely not. They are not the future of the Monarchy. They stepped back as senior royals.” Another, username plainoldme said: “No they should not be allowed on the balcony or at any public events – they walked away from those privileges.” Username Tunnicliffe wrote: “No, no, no, Harry and Meghan are not the future to represent the Monarchy.” While username Paula_Boo said: “Absolutely NOT. They should NEVER be allowed on that Balcony again… EVER…” And username Username Lilmoss2 wrote: “Most definitely NOT!” Meghan and Harry stepped down as working royals two years ago but will attend some events and celebrations with the Royal Family in a private capacity. Some commented that their visit for the celebrations should be kept private. Username blueeyes27 said: “They should not be seen at all…it should be a private visit no public appearance.” DON'T MISSQueen's olive branch to Meghan and Harry chance to heal 'severely tarnished' Windsor brand [INSIGHT]'Toxic parent!' Meghan's cheerleader Scobie launches vicious attack on Thomas Markle [LATEST]Queen's 'mental and physical' frailty being 'protected' by Royal Family [ANALYSIS] Username Mirrormiss said: “Their visit should be ENTIRELY private.” And username Figgypudding said: “Much better to stay out of sight and keep their visit totally private.” This will be Meghan and Harry’s first visit to the UK with their children, three-year-old Archie and Lilibet, who is one days away from her first birthday. A spokesperson for the couple said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, are excited and honoured to attend the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children."