Springwatch presenter Chris Packham, 61, has vowed that he will never be seen on Strictly Come Dancing despite convincing words from his stepdaughter, Megan McCubbin, 27. Although Chris admits that he does “try” and dance, he would never compete on the BBC show. When asked whether he would give it a go in an interview with Express.co.uk and other press, Chris exclaimed: “Oh god no! And nor Celebrity MasterChef or any of those things.  “I mean, I think it’s great to do those programmes if you have some aptitude which you can try really hard, and people can enjoy you trying and getting better.“But you have to have a starting point, and I have no starting point! I don't, do I Beast?Co-host Megan then very diplomatically said that Chris would probably be quite successful on the show if he gave it a go. READ MORE:Carol Vorderman, 61, stuns in very tight-fitting green jumpsuit The zoologist replied: “I mean, you do try and dance, but it is more kind of finger pointing. It is its own genre“I’m sure if you went to do it and trained properly, I'm sure you would give it a good go because you try really hard and you do your best.  “I would be fascinated to see how it goes.” Chris then confirmed that he is “ferociously competitive” and would absolutely give it “100 percent”. Nevertheless, Chris could not be convinced. He went on: “You need a percent to give 100 of, and there are just some things that I think people are born with the aptitude to do.  “I’m surprised my heart beats in time really, I’ve got such an appalling sense of rhythm.”Despite his lack of skills on the dance floor, Chris did take the opportunity to praise his long-time co-star Michaela Strachan, who he says is "very skilful" in that department.He said: “Michaela can sing and dance... my brain doesn’t deal with those sorts of things. DON'T MISSCarol Vorderman fans react as she asks to 'mud wrestle' Susanna Reid[LATEST]Gardeners' World's Monty Don deals with 'emergency' at Longmeadow[INSIGHT]Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen splits from husband Clive[NEWS] “I think it's really because I don’t really see the need for it. 