Creator Emma Duckworth also includes an incredible trick to make the perfect crunchy base. She uses Oreos and advises using a tool to compact the base. "A measuring cup is the best utensil to push the biscuit crumbs down. The more compact they are, the stronger your cheesecake shell will be when it comes to filling it," she explained. Emma Duckworth is an expert baker, half French and half British. She uses both influences to create her recipes. She specialises in simple, accessible everyday treats as well as more advanced bakes for experienced bakers. As well as running her website full of recipes Emma Duckworth Bakes, she is also the author of the baking cookbook Simply Sweet Nostalgic Bakes. READ MORE: Gravy recipe: 'Make the gravy taste like it's been cooking for hours' Servings: 12 slices Oreo crust Chocolate cream cheese filling Chocolate ganache DON'T MISS'Maximum crispness': Roast potato recipe and fresh herbs tip [HOW TO COOK] Delicious vegan gravy 'from scratch' with a 'secret ingredient' [FOOD] How to make the 'perfect' Aperol Spritz for the Jubilee weekend [RECIPE]  Oreo crust Prepare the pan. Line the base of a 23cm (9-inch) springform pan with parchment paper. (No need to line the sides.) Blitz the cookies. Add the Oreo cookies to the bowl of a food processor and pulse until the cookies are crumbled finely. Pour in the melted butter and pulse again until the crumbs resemble wet sand. (Alternatively, crush the cookies by hand. Add the Oreos to a zip lock bag, remove as much air out as possible and close. Use a rolling pin to crush them. Add them to a bowl along with the melted butter and stir thoroughly.) Pour into prepared pan and refrigerate. Pour the cookie crumbs into the prepared springform tin and pack the crumbs into the base and up the sides. They need to be as compact as possible so that they don’t crumble when cutting the cheesecake later. I recommend using a ⅓ measuring cup for this. Refrigerate the base for 30 minutes minimum or freeze for 15 minutes whilst you make the filling. Chocolate cream cheese filling Melt the chocolate. Melt the chocolate in a bain marine. Place the chocolate in a bowl set over a saucepan of boiling water. (Ensure the base of the bowl does not touch the water). Stir until the chocolate is fully melted. Whip the cream. In a medium-sized bowl, add the cold cream and using hand-held electric beaters fitted with the whisk attachment, whip on medium-high speed until stiff peaks form. Set aside. Beat the cream cheese. (See note below on cream cheese) In a separate bowl, add the cream cheese and using hand-held electric beaters fitted with the paddle/beater attachment, beat on medium speed until smooth and creamy. Scrape down the base and sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Add chocolate and dry ingredients to cream cheese. Sift into the cream cheese mixture the powdered icing sugar, cocoa powder and add in the salt. Pour in the melted chocolate and beat on medium until fully incorporated and smooth. It is quite a thick mixture but will loosen up with the whipped cream. Add in the whipped cream. Add the whipped cream into the chocolate cream cheese mixture and fold through until fully combined. Fill the biscuit base and refrigerate. Remove the biscuit crust from the refrigerator, or freezer, and pour the chocolate cream cheese filling into it. Smooth the filling throughout the base and use an offset spatula to smooth off the top. Cover tightly in plastic wrap and refrigerate the cheesecake for a minimum of 6 hours but I recommend leaving it overnight. This gives it the best chance to firm up. Chocolate ganache Make the chocolate ganache. Heat the cream in a saucepan set over a stovetop on medium heat and bring to a low simmer. Make sure it doesn't boil otherwise the cream will split. Pour the cream over the chocolate and cover the bowl with a plate for 5 minutes. Stir the cream until the chocolate has fully melted and is combined with the cream. Remove from the fridge and de-mould. Remove the cheesecake from the fridge, then using a knife, run the blade around the edge to loosen it, then release the springform pan rim and remove it carefully. Slide the cheesecake onto a serving plate. Pour the chocolate ganache liberally over the top of the cheesecake and smooth with an offset spatula. Decorate with fruit such as strawberries and red currants or however your creative heart desires! Use a clean, sharp knife to cut the cheesecake into slices. Heat the blade of the knife under warm water, wipe dry and slice slowly through the cheesecake. Clean, warm and wipe the blade before each cut for the neatest slices.