Taken solely in this simple context, of course, it masks a highly complex issue, both in legal and political terms. With a majority opinion given five to four Roe and Casey (to which they are often referred in tandem) the court has set aside both Roe and Casey, whilst upholding Dobbs. This action effectively removes a precedent that set a constitutional protection for unconditional access to legal abortion in the US for the most part. This might not be directly relevant under UK law in and of itself, but the shockwaves originating with this decision are certainly reverberating here. So much so in fact as to have elicited what can only be described as an intemperate remark by Boris Johnson, who stated that it represented “a big step backwards”. Predictably other statements from within UK political circles have also seen similar sentiments expressed. No surprise there. These are all likely kneejerk reactions manifested in making opportunistic soundbites. Have any of these supposed “authorities” read the court opinion? Do they actually know the substance of both Roe and Casey, or Dobbs for that matter? Many media headlines also compound a total misunderstanding of the issue in a mix of inaccuracies and outright falsehoods. The US liberal media are unsurprisingly in lock step with their Democrat masters in amplifying this drivel. Similarly many A-listers are keen to be seen wringing their hands in outrage, faultlessly delivering their liberal lines to a gullible and enraptured liberal support base. One of the current headline performers at Glastonbury the other day regaled the audience with a mix of general gibberish and out right porkies. Being an American woman, she proclaimed (that as a woman) she was deeply offended that any abortion is now ILLEGAL in the United States. No, it isn’t. Still, amazing how quickly a woke-driven non-binary identity so conveniently gets tossed to one side, isn’t it and womanhood is allowed again? The US domestic authority to determine and establish abortion availability (and under what circumstances it can be legally provided) has been passed to individual states. The one size fits all prescriptive model in matters of abortion as provided by Roe and Casey on both sides of the political argument posed a serious legal problem. Those states with a majority view that abortion is for a woman to decide, and broadly labelled pro-choice, will authorise the clinical facilities required. Those states with a different majority view on the matter will limit abortion availability on pro-life grounds, choices being available but based on the principle of foetus viability etc. So, guess what? It’s called democracy. It’s based on a democratic mandate from individual state residents. Those who want to change the status quo need to get an unequivocal electoral mandate to do so. The left over here will rally and join the throng of their contemporaries in typically anti-American “establishment” fashion in once again - largely displaying their breath-taking ignorance of the facts. Is it too much to hope they might read the Supreme Court's opinion?