The Sussexes, who travelled to Britain for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, reportedly asked the Cambridges to Lili's first birthday at Frogmore Cottage on Saturday as an olive branch. But William, Kate and their children did not attend as they were in Wales carrying out royal duties. Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, seven, and four-year-old Prince Louis did not see their cousins Archie, three, or Lili, one, at all during the bank holiday weekend, Page Six reports. It comes amid an ongoing rift between Harry and his older brother William. The US website cited a royal insider as saying: “Things are still fraught - William is still wary of spending any time alone with Harry as you never quite know what may be reported back afterwards.” The Sussexes threw a picnic to celebrate their daughter turning one on Saturday with close friends and family at their former Windsor home where there was face-painting and cake. However the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge travelled to Wales that day with George and Charlotte for a Jubilee appearance at Cardiff Castle before later attending the BBC's Platinum Party at the Palace in what was a packed weekend for the family. Harry and Meghan returned to the US on Sunday as the Pageant kicked off. On Friday, the Sussexes made their first public appearance alongside the Windsors since they stepped down as working royals two years ago. But they were absent from many of the Jubilee festivities over the four-day weekend. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry stuck 'babysitting' Tindall children during Jubilee The couple joined almost 50 royals at the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. It was the first time Harry and Meghan had been on full public view alongside the Royal Family since they quit the monarchy for a new life in the US. However their relegated seats at the service were a telling sign of their change in status. Far across the aisle from Prince Charles, Camilla and the Cambridges, Harry and Meghan sat in the second row, behind the Wessex family and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester. DON'T MISSShould Meghan and Harry have stayed until end of Jubilee? [POLL]Royal Family LIVE: Queen's two-word response to Meghan and Harry [LIVE BLOG]Lilibet stuns royal fans as Sussexes' release birthday snap [INSIGHT] There was no obvious interaction shown on the television camera between Harry and his older brother, who have long faced a rift, nor with his father who he also has a troubled relationship with, or between Meghan and Kate. Just over a year ago, the Sussexes made a series of bombshell claims in their Oprah Winfrey interview. Harry laid bare tensions with William, telling the US talk show host: ”The relationship is space at the moment. Time heals all things, hopefully." It comes as the Sussexes have shared a photo of Lili from her birthday party. The sweet snap shows the tot, who has flame-coloured hair just like her father, dressed in a pale blue frock as she sits outside. The picture was taken by photographer and friend of the couple Misan Harriman and released on Monday. Express.co.uk has contacted Kensington Palace and representatives for the Sussexes for comment. 