Manchester United are reportedly ready to move for Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski if his move to Barcelona fails. The Polish forward has publicly stated his desire to leave the German giants and despite his contract ending next year, is hoping for a move to Barcelona this summer. The Sun claim that United will join the race for Lewandowski if a move to Barcelona does not materialise, as the Spanish club will need to balance their books in order to sign the 33-year-old which may involve selling Dutch midfielder Frenkie de Jong to United. The report states that Erik ten Hag’s side are keeping a close eye on the situation, and Lewandowski’s representatives have reached out to see what kind of Premier League interest there would be for the man that scored 35 goals in 34 Bundesliga games last season. The Pole would command a salary of around £400,000 a week, and United will also need to see off interest from Chelsea who could be in the market for a striker if they manage to offload Romelu Lukaku this summer. United are interested in bringing a striker to Old Trafford this summer, and were in the race for Benfica striker Darwin Nunez but look to have been beaten to his signature by rivals Liverpool. United reportedly put forward a “higher proposal than Liverpool” for Nunez, but the lure of Champions League football at Anfield will have been one of the factors that the 22-year-old opted to move to Merseyside instead of Manchester. With Edinson Cavani leaving Old Trafford at the end of the season, Cristiano Ronaldo and Marcus Rashford are the only striker options at the club and both have also had their United futures questioned this summer. Danny Ings has been mooted as a potentially cheaper option for ten Hag, as Aston Villa will reportedly consider options for the 29-year-old. If United do move for Lewandowski, they will reportedly offer a similar contract structure to the one that saw Ronaldo return to the club a year ago. Ronaldo signed a two-year deal last summer with the option for another year. Lewandowski however does have eyes for Barcelona. “I just want to leave Bayern,” he told Polish outlet Sport Onet. “Loyalty and respect are more important than the work. The best thing to do is find a solution together. “They didn’t want to listen to me until the end. Something died inside me and it’s impossible to get over that. Even if you want to be professional, you can’t make up for it. No other offers were even considered by me other than that of Barcelona. I want to leave Bayern, that’s clear. “During so many years at the club I was always ready, available, despite injuries and the pain, I gave my best. I think the best thing to do is to find a good solution for both sides and not to look for a one-sided decision.” 