Ukraine's army has released video footage of servicemen using a howitzer to destroy Russian targets on the battlefield. A Ukrainian soldier explained how they managed to hit the Russian army's tanks and weaponry. Countries in the West have been sending more weapons to Ukraine, for the army to use against Russian invaders. The war in Ukraine has been ongoing for over three months and there is no sign of a resolution as peace talks have been halted. A member of Ukraine's army said: "We targeted a self-propelled gun platoon of the enemy. "We struck the enemy's 2S19 self-propelled howitzer and the command and staff vehicle of the battery commander. "Our six CEASAERs accurately covered their area completely in one salvo. "We hit the planned targets accumulations of equipment, where they try to pull up their equipment, tanker, tanks, IFV's - we hit everything. JUST IN: Boris Johnson urges Western leaders to steel themselves for a long war in Ukraine     He added: "Not allowing them even to approach a forward line, we hit the planned targets to inflict losses on the enemy. "Maybe their senior commanders are there, we will hit them."  Western aligned NATO countries have been supplying Ukraine with weapons since the beginning of the invasion, and Great Britain has offered to train up to 10,000 troops every 120 days. Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky has been asking for more weapons from the West to fight off the Russian onslaught. READ MORE: Ukrainian partisans threatened with death penalty in occupied area - ‘continue to resist!’     Users on social media have been reacting to the footage from the frontlines. One Twitter user @PaulStephenn said: "So great to see you using the weapons so expertly! Hope the 6 more arrive soon. These seem like they will more be useful in situations where the M777s are less so." @JJRoach3 said: "These CAESARS Supplied by the French are far superior to the Artillery that the Russians have. HOWEVER Ukrainians need many more of these! We need a profound sense of urgency amongst the civilized world to get heavy weapons into the hands of the Ukrainians. #ArmUkraineNow" @Jimwallacebahia said: "They'll finish off Russia.. these beasts are crazy. It's like fighting a gun with a sword. No chance." @Pepito_garca said: "Great for France. Though we all should be reminded that Spain has not still delivered a single piece of heavy weaponry after our PM promised to do it to get a picture with Zelensky."