England saw their Nations League campaign get off to a losing start as they fell to a shock 1-0 defeat against Hungary. Dominik Szoboszlai scored the winner from the spot for the hosts as the Three Lions saw their 22-match unbeaten run come to a crashing halt following a lacklustre display in Budapest. Express Sport bring you a run down of how Gareth Southgate's men fared in the shock defeat.  Nearly found himself caught out just 11 minutes in after failing to come off his line quick enough to claim an incensive Hungarian through-ball. Recovered thereafter and produced fine saves to deny Zsolt Nagy and substitute Laszlo Kleinheisler. Solid as ever and continued to impress on the right of a back three. Produced some impressive long-range passes and crucially spared Pickford's blushes by clearing one off the line early on. Deservedly booked in the opening stages of the second half after arriving late and clattering Adam Szalai. Saw a glancing header creep agonsingly wide in the latter stages. Looked to feed the forward line when possible in the first half and continued to appear better suited as part of a back three setup. Easily turned by substitute Kleinheisler as Hungary should have added a second late on. Exposed on countless occasions as Hungary sought to exploit the space in behind the Liverpool man, who was deployed in an advanced right wing-back role. Looked shaky when tasked with handling depp crosses to the back post. Better suited to a back four. READ MORE: Tottenham 'weighing up' Allan Saint-Maximin transfer bid as Fabio Paratici pushes for deal  Steady but unspectacular. Needs to be grabbing a game like this by the scruff of the neck. Cool and composed in possession; dogged and determined without. Once again showed maturity beyond his 18 years, but ultimately failed to influence the outcome. A debut to forget. Despite showing flashes, the Leicester full-back was caught out on several occasions in the first half as Hungary exploited the spaced in behind him - much like they hosts did with Alexander-Arnold. Taken off at half-time amid injury fears. Energetic as ever, but failed to make his mark. Will be disappointed with his contribution to the game. Dropped deep and linked up well with Bowen in the early stages. Flashed one wide in the opening exchanges when he should have done better. DON'T MISS: Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd make Nunez swap deal offer, £34m Arsenal swoop, Newcastle bid Highly involved in the opening exchanges as he looked to get in behind the Hungarian backline. Proved to be a constant thorn in Hungary's side and took to international football like a duck to water. Easily England's brightest spark. Positive and direct. The Arsenal attacker provided some much-needed penetration after replacing Justin at half-time. Harshly penalised for allegedly hauling down Nagy after opting to bring down a ball in his own box. Tried to impact the match but failed to make his mark when called upon.