Hours before Prince Harry and Meghan Markle released a photo of their daughter Lilibet, Kate and William shared behind-the-scenes highlights of the Platinum Jubilee weekend. They released a statement on their time at the celebrations. But barely six hours later, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex shared the first snap of their daughter Lilibet as she was pictured at her first birthday at a picnic thrown at Frogmore Cottage. Today Extra presenter Belinda Russell said: "It's a bit of a battle of the photo drop on social media. "You've got Harry and Meghan and then Prince William and Kate post some unseen photos from the weekend. "They wrote, 'we all had an incredible time, especially Louis'." Royal expert Russell Myers added: "Of course, he absolutely stole the show. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'spitting bricks' after cold shoulder "I mean we're all thinking about how we should be a bit more like Prince Louis because he looked like he was just enjoying himself massively. "These pictures are absolutely gorgeous. The Cambridges at some of the street parties they popped into and some of the behind-the-scenes photos at Buckingham Palace. "In contrast to the Sussex kids, they were really front and centre over the last four which was very much planned about how to present the future of the monarchy." Prince Louis "especially" had an incredible time at the celebrations to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have said. The message from William and Catherine came after their four-year-old youngest child won over the nation with his reactions to the pomp and pageantry of the celebrations. Louis was seen letting out a howl and clapping his hands over his ears on the Buckingham Palace balcony on Thursday during the RAF flypast as his "Gan Gan" the Queen sweetly told him what was happening. Louis was also spotted being bounced on the knee of his grandfather, the Prince of Wales, during the pageant on Sunday and giving his mother Catherine a kiss on the cheek and a cuddle. He stood on his chair, waved his hands in the air, wriggled around, and stuck his finger in his ear during the show. DON'T MISS 'Everything is terrible apart from monarchy' US talk show mocks UK [VIDEO]Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'made to look stupid' [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry caught trying to look at William but royal refused [INSIGHT] William and Catherine thanked everyone who turned out for the long weekend of celebrations marking the Queen's 70-year reign and stated: "We all had an incredible time, especially Louis... " In a personal message, alongside images from the weekend's events, they tweeted: "What a fantastic weekend of celebrations. "Seeing people across the nation coming together with family, friends and loved ones has been extremely special. "Thank you to everyone who turned out to show their gratitude to The Queen and her inspiring 70 years of leadership. "From the crowds on the Mall to communities hosting street parties up and down the country, we hope you had a weekend to remember. "We all had an incredible time, especially Louis... "