The Queen's Platinum Jubilee comes at a particularly difficult time as the cost of living crisis is causing many households to feel the economic squeeze. Workers, students and visitors in Manchester told Express.co.uk their thoughts on the Jubilee cost to the taxpayer during a walkabout of the city centre on Wednesday (June 1). According to the March 2021 budget, Chancellor Rishi Sunak has funnelled £28million of taxpayers' money into the royal four-day affair, although some suspect this is more. When asked if taxpayers should be paying for Jubilee celebrations, Allegra Lindsay, 26, who lives in Fallowfield, said: "No, we shouldn't be. Obviously having a big celebration is good for morale but we could spend a lot less and still have a great time. "Even if we halved how much we're spending and invested the other half to fight poverty and the cost of living crisis then we'd still have a great Jubilee but also make some longer-term changes to people's lives." A spokesperson for the Department for Digital, Culture, Media & Sport (DCMS) department declined to confirm the final costs of the event but said: "As with all spending, we will ensure the best use of taxpayers money and will ensure that any activities and programmes for the Jubilee do not impose an unnecessary burden on the taxpayer."  When asked if the Government should be more transparent in how the taxpayers' money has been used for the Jubilee, Ms Lindsay responded: "Yes, but I also think that if they did there would be a lot of retribution and rightly so as lots of people don't want to celebrate the Queen so they would question why their money should be spent on her." One of the most well-known arguments for keeping the Royal Family is how much money they bring in as VisitEngland estimates the events could generate £1.2billion for the economy. However, the DCMS's impact assessment noted the 2002 Golden Jubilee saw GDP drop by 2.2 percent and 2012 Diamond Jubilee saw a drop of 1.5 percent. Beth Henry, 25, from Manchester said: "I get that there is a national pride for the Royal Family and there's a special place in a lot of people's hearts for the Queen but I think the money should be spent on more important things, than effectively just a party. READ MORE: Scottish Greens blasted for walking out of Holyrood Jubilee tributes "The money should go towards healthcare and helping people in the long term and the Government should be more transparent with how much it's costing. It's what people are paying for and they have a right to know where their money is going." Meanwhile, Chris Sim, 53, a Civil Servant from Manchester, said: "I think we should celebrate the Queen as she is an amazing woman and she's done a lot for the country but I know she costs the taxpayers a lot of money but she brings in a lot of tourists. "The economic crisis is very deep and especially deep for a lot of people on small incomes so personally speaking, I would like a chunk of that money to go to people who really need it. "I think in this current climate, it leaves a bitter taste in some people's mouths that all that money is going just to celebrate the Queen, who is very privileged herself". DON'T MISS:Savers ‘losing a lot of money’ due to inflation rise [INSIGHT]'‘700,000 small businesses are vulnerable’ FSB retail chairman warns B [ANALYSIS]Energy crisis: 'Overlooked solution' to prevent blackouts found [COMMENT] However, not all those interviewed felt the same as entertainer Lia, 25, said: "I get some people's point about the tax but at the same time, it is probably the last time to celebrate our Queen because I don't think we'll be able to make the next one. "I think this is a good way to get all the community together again after two years of bloody lockdowns. "It is a good chance to get everybody out and mingling and going back to normal. It's all a massive celebration together." Similarly, Kate Henry, 53, said: "It is worth the expense as it will bring the nation together after the last few years of turmoil. It's something happy and positive and a reason to celebrate." 