First Kill arrived on Netflix on June 10 and it has made its way to number two on the streaming platform's top 10. The TV series follows teens Juliette Fairmont (played by Sarah Catherine Hook) and Calliope "Cal" Burns (Imani Lewis) who fall for each other. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the current status of the series. Victoria Schwab's new show is based on her short story of the same name, and it consists of eight episodes. For teenage vampire Juliette, she is tasked with making her first kill so she can join the other Legacy vampires. She falls for a new girl called Cal, who appears to have the same feelings for Juliette. However, things become complicated when Cal turns out to be a monster hunter. The cat and mouse game has kept fans on the edge of their seats and they are hoping for another season. READ MORE: First Kill Netflix cast: Who is in Vampire Netflix series? At the time of writing, Netflix has not confirmed the show's return for season two. However, with the cliffhanger ending leaving the story open for more episodes, viewers should watch this space. Season one ended with a big falling out between the two main stars. Their relationship is seemingly over, with Cal vowing to kill Juliette once and for all. Elsewhere, Cal's eldest half-brother Theo (Phillip Mullings Jr) became a vampire. Viewers will be keen to find out how he is handling his new way of life. The stars opened up about the prospect of season two, with Imani saying: "We're all fingers crossed. "So I'm encouraging people to stream First Kill, all of the season as soon as possible so we can get a season two." Sarah also told Yahoo: "I don't know anything, but I have been saying to everyone based off of the ending of First Kill, as far as Juliette is concerned I'm really hoping for a dark moment for her. "I'd like to see a different side to her where she loses her humanity and takes over the Elinor role for a minute, and [for her to] just be the monster that everyone wants her to be." DON'T MISS... Stranger Things star pays tribute to Max Mayfield star Sadie Sink [INTERVIEW] Stranger Things fans expose secret season 4 villain working with Vecna [THEORY] Stranger Things season 4 dealt blow as rival crowned best of 2022 [INSIGHT] The stars also spoke out about the potential for spin-offs, with Imani saying she would love to see the monster hunters become the monsters. Sarah said she would love to see a spin-off featuring Elinor (Gracie Dzienny), Juliette's older sister. Viewers have taken to Twitter to champion the season renewal, leaving plenty of promising reviews. @Calliettes said: "The fact that First Kill has twice as many streams as Heartstopper did in the same time span… I suddenly no longer fight for a season two renewal but for a season two-three renewal #firstkill." Star from the show Jason R Moore added: "Would y’all mind watching #Firstkill again and letting me know how bad you want a season two? Thanks!" @Ryswilder said: "I will get them #FirstKill season two... even if it takes going door to door like a political volunteer." @Gini_us concluded: "#FirstKill season two renewal announcement WHEN?" As the series has only just landed, fans will have to wait a couple more weeks to find out about the show's future. However, it is certainly looking positive for the cast, who should all return if the series is renewed.  First Kill season 1 is on Netflix now.