Pretty well all women go through it and hot flushes in middle age scarcely merit the hysterical press they are getting. Even the Speaker of the House of Commons has said he wants MPs to talk about the menopause when most of us would hope they were talking about Ukraine, the cost of living, the strikes and the cancer queues. This is exactly what the opponents of Women’s Lib foretold in the 1970s when they seriously claimed that women would always be less employable than men because of menstruation and the menopause. People such as I laughed them to scorn, saying that women did not require any special treatment and would compete with men on equal terms. “Just give us a level playing field” we would shout.“And we will show you we are as good as and in some cases better than the men!”That was our mantra until the 1990s when suddenly Women’s Lib turned from self-confident assertion into a cult of victimhood and demands for special privileges became the order of the day. All-women shortlists, quotas in boardrooms, anything at all except equal competition. What an admission of failure, sisters!I could look every man at Westminster, from the Prime Minister downwards, in the eye and know that I got there on exactly the same basis as he did but today the benches are littered with women who had their paths smoothed for them and therefore cannot make that claim.And now it is the darn menopause. Employers must make sure offices are cool, they must be sympathetic to mood swings, employees should discuss the subject at work and an HRT shortage generates headlines big enough for the Second Coming.There is, of course, an obvious answer: don’t bother employing menopausal women. Is that what we really want? Just get on with it, dears! At the time of writing, Keir Starmer still refuses to condemn the rail strike which will hurt the economy, hurt British business and cause suffering to ordinary rail-users.Why? Perhaps it is because he fears to upset trade unions which contribute to Labour’s coffers or maybe he just welcomes any degree of chaos as long as it embarrasses the Government.Whatever the reason, any candidate for the office of PM who refuses to oppose inflation-busting wage demands should not be taken seriously as a future manager of the economy.Starmer is old enough to remember the 1970s even though he was just a teenager and must surely know the danger of a wage-price-wage spiral.If he doesn’t, he should not hold any office at all. Do you remember little Tafida Raqeeb? At five years old she was fighting for her life in the Royal London Hospital after suffering a brain aneurysm.Doctors said there was no hope and wanted to let Tafida die but her parents fought in court and, unusually, won.The girl was transferred to an Italian hospital which had offered to take her. Within three weeks of that transfer, Tafida had been weaned off her ventilator and now not only breathes unassisted but can communicate with her parents. Parental instinct trumped doctors’ learning.Today the Royal London is engaged in a similar battle over little Archie Battersbee whose mother is adamant that he has gripped her hand. Doctors say she is mistaken and that the boy is already dead.Again the matter will have to be decided by a court but I reckon a mum knows when her child grips her and as the Tafida case proves, doctors are not infallible. “Stop, stop” I screeched to the BT man who had just told me he was about to disconnect my broadband for a fault that was not affecting it. I was imminently about to broadcast by Zoom. My broadband is a business line on which I do, er, business.To give BT its due, it is a line that has caused me very few problems and is not doing so now, but ever since I reported a fault on my ordinary landline, the company has insisted that my broadband needs mending!  The European Court of Human Rights has nothing to do with the EU.We were founding members in 1950, when the world was a different place and Europe had just endured a world war, which had been preceded by massive persecution and had included an attempt at full-scale genocide.That world has moved on, which explains why ECHR rulings are widely ignored. Germany complies with 63 per cent of its rulings and Spain 39 per cent.We should take a leaf from their book and ignore the Rwanda ruling.Meanwhile, surprise surprise, Russia complies with 10 per cent of such rulings but contributes a judge.I just hope it was not he or she who passed judgment against Britain in the middle of the night. Woke culture threatens not just freedom of speech but the very structure of our language. The plural “they” simply cannot refer to a single person. It is a grammatical nonsense. One person is he or she. Where the gender is not known it is “he or she”.The rules of grammar are invented not for their own sake but for clarity. Teachers should insist on it.