Gemma Atkinson spoke candidly about her family loss as she took to Instagram and opened up about her heartbreaking loss today. The former soap star said 21 years ago she received the devastating news that her father had died of a heart attack. The 37-year-old actress and radio star recalled the moment her sister's son Tyler had been hospitalised and just three months later her father sadly died. Gemma was just 17 at the time of her dad's death but revealed he had asked to "swap places" with Tyler after he had fallen ill. Medical staff at the Royal Manchester children's hospital had previously informed the family that Tyler, who had contracted meningitis, would not survive. But the actress recalled her father asking out loud to take his grandson's place and let him live. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen inundated amid split as fans 'gutted' In view of her 1.8 million followers, Gemma began: "Tonight, I'm hosting a charity ball at the Royal Manchester children's hospital, who are literally incredible. One of the best children's hospitals. "The reason I'm involved in the children's Royal Manchester hospital is quite a spooky story, actually. "My nephew, Tyler - he is absolutely fine now - gorgeous, really handsome, just a beautiful lad, when he was a tiny baby he had meningitis. He was really poorly. "He was in intensive care and he got all puffed up in the face, he was yellow."  She continued: "We were told that he was probably not going to make it. He was only one month old. It was awful. While we were up saying our goodbyes to him my dad came with us. "My dad genuinely said, 'I'm not religious. I don't know what I believe in anything. But just swap places. I've had a great life, I'm an older man. I'll swap with him.' "I remember my sister saying, 'Dad, don't be saying stuff like that. That's ridiculous." "Anyway, after that Tyler started making a recovery." DON'T MISS... Justin Bieber's health shock as face left paralysed [LATEST]Carol McGiffin on not being intimate for seven years after sex drought[ADMISSION]Demi Rose flashes the flesh in mirror for jaw-dropping selfie[PICTURES] Gemma explained her family made calls to the hospital to check on her nephew's progress and if he was "still with us". The medical staff explained he was coming out of his illness and was getting better much to their surprise. "It was so bizarre. Tyler made a full recovery. They had said if he didn't recover he could lose his limbs, he was so poorly but he's fine. "Literally three months later my dad passed away. Heart attack... boom." She added: "Tyler looks the spitting image of my dad which is weird. We always say he's got the same shape head, same interests. We always say my dad swapped places with Tyler. "It's really lovely that he did that and it's so great that Tyler is here and healthy." Gemma captioned the post: "I genuinely believe dad left this earth to allow my sister's baby to recover. They always say, 'one out one in' and believing that's why he past, for me makes it acceptable. Tyler is his double." In a follow-up post, she apologised for making her followers emotional after her heartbreaking admission. She commented: "I didn't mean to make you all cry. You're messaging me saying, 'I'm crying.' I didn't mean to." The mum-of-one also shared pictures of her nephew and also a sweet snap of her late dad.