Omid Scobie has told BBC Breakfast that Meghan Markle and Prince Harry always planned to keep a "low-profile" during their visit to the UK. The royal expert and close friend of Meghan said their low-key presence at Trooping the Colour was the couple's idea. He squashed claims that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were going to "overshadow the Queen herself," insisting that it "couldn't be further from the truth". Naga Munchetty asked Mr Scobie: "There was a lot of speculation about whether or not they would overshadow celebrations. "What do you know about their attitude and how they are viewing their approach to their visit now?" Mr Scobie responded: "Before they arrived, there was so much talk in the press about them potentially overshadowing the Queen herself, which I think is almost impossible for anyone to do. "Those were the discussions among royal aides quoted in newspapers." JUST IN: Meghan Markle 'told off' by Prince Harry for Trooping the Colour error  He continued: "I spoke with people close to the couple who said it couldn't be further from the truth. "In fact, they want to be as low profile as possible during this trip. "It's almost hard to believe but yesterday at Trooping the Colour was a great example. "We didn't really catch sight of them on TV cameras.  The royal expert added: "There are a few grainy photos of them, but that's as far as it goes. "For them, being here is all about honouring and celebrating the life and legacy of the Queen. "Someone they have continued a close relationship with. We know that is not the same with the other royal family members. "Today will be very interesting to see them alongside the other royal family members." DON'T MISS: Jubilee LIVE: Lilibet meet Lilibet! Joy as Meghan, Harry baby FINALLY [LIVE BLOG]Meghan and Harry's 'frosty' reception from other royals exposed [VIDEO]BBC Weather: Heavy thunderstorms sparks fears for Jubilee celebrations [FORECAST]  He pointed to the "very awkward moments" between the Cambridges and Sussexes during their last royal event together in 2020. Mr Scobie told the BBC that the relationships between the two brothers have not "gotten back on track, or back to where they used to be". The Queen will not attend Friday's Jubilee service at St Paul's Cathedral after experiencing discomfort while watching Thursday's parade at Buckingham Palace. The decision was made with "great reluctance" after considering the "journey and activity required", according to the Palace. The next Jubilee event the Queen is due to attend is the derby at Epsom racecourse on Saturday, although it is yet not known whether she will still appear at the horse race. 