It comes as inflation reached a 14-year high of nine percent which has resulted in the price of certain goods and utilities skyrocketing. Many financial experts are predicting the inflation rate will only continue in the months ahead, potentially hitting ten percent. On top of this, families are dealing with energy bills rising by £693 a year on average, with the price cap expected to go as high as £2,800 from October. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, consumer champion Jo Gilbert shared how not leaving appliances on standby could reduce someone’s bill by almost £90. Ms Gilbert explained: “Whenever you leave an appliance on standby - rather than switching it off at the plug - it continues to drain energy. “According to Energy Saving Trust research, between nine to 16 percent of the electricity consumed in homes is used to power appliances when they are in this standby mode. This wastage can add up to £86 to an annual electricity bill.” Furthermore, the energy expert noted how using a thermostat is a useful way of tracking down energy expenditure. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum She added: “Just one degree lower could save you £80 a year. Set a timer on your thermostat for your heating to come on only when you need it.” What is further compounding the cost of living crisis also is the further pressure being put on taxpayers. Recently, National Insurance went up by 1.25 percentage points which means many people will have less money to spend on their energy bills going forward. On top of this, benefit payments including the state pension only experienced a 3.1 percent hike in April with some of the country’s most vulnerable unable to make ends meet. As a result of this, Britons are looking for the best ways to budget to beat soaring inflation and energy bills. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Annabelle Williams, a personal finance expert at Nutmeg, shared her top tips for people looking to cut their spending. Ms Williams said: “Although there are some expenditures you can cut back on, like takeaways or car journeys, and others where you can switch to a cheaper alternative such as a different mobile phone provider. “There are still things you have to pay for including food, council tax and utility bills. “While budgeting won’t make the cost of essentials go down it can make higher prices easier to manage. “A budget is an overview of your household’s incomings and outgoings alongside a plan for how much you would ideally be spending on each area.” Furthermore, the personal expert explained why prioritising essential expenditure during the cost of living crisis is essential for any households. She added: “How you use a budget depends on how tight money is for you and what your financial aims are. “Do you want to work hard towards a financial goal or just have a plan to help you be mindful around money? “Although you already know what you earn and may have a good idea of what things cost, itemising each expenditure and looking at it laid out in front of you can change your perspective.” Specifically, Ms Williams highlighted the issues with modern day shopping, with practices such as contactless payments, which make it difficult for people to keep track of how much they are spending a day. “Sometimes people have a kind of brain fog around what they’re actually spending, either overestimating or underestimating some costs,” she said. “It’s especially tricky to gauge the cumulative cost of smaller spends like top-up trips to the supermarket or buying the odd lunch.” “The idea is that by seeing what you’re spending, you may be able to reduce expenditure in one area to free up more money for another, or even save.”