Tim Medhurst was up against Izzie Balmer during a recently aired instalment of Antiques Road Trip. The expert invested in a wooden letterbox which Izzie later revealed she would have purchased if she had spotted it first. Tim purchased the item for £140 and was left stunned when it sold for 15 times more than he paid. With the auction well underway, Tim’s arts and carts letterbox was the last item of the day to go under the hammer. Tim commented: “I just think it’s charming, isn’t it?” “I can see why you bought it,” Izzie replied. “I’d have bought it we would have been fighting for it.” “I think we would have to chop it in half. No that would be awful,” Tim remarked. Read more: Antiques Road Trip: Izzie Balmer's pendant makes 'incredible' profit As the bidding began, the auctioneer immediately increased the sale from £100 to £300. “Straight in at £300,” Tim quipped and Izzie added: “I love that casual £100, £200, £300.” Meanwhile, the auctioneer confirmed the bidding had reached £400. “More than one person wants this,” Tim exclaimed. “Do you think it can do £500?” Izzie questioned. As the bidding reached £700, Tim said: “I’m speechless already.” It seemed as if the auction was coming to a close when the auctioneer announced there was another bidder interested in the item. “Tim, this could get up to £1,000,” Izzie stated and her co-star agreed: “I’ve hit it big.” DON'T MISSThe Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series [INSIGHT]Flog It! star unveils ambition he almost followed instead of antiques [INTERVIEW]Antiques Roadshow guest blown away by staggering value of rare plate  [VIDEO] “When will it stop?” Tim joked as the item reached £1,500. “Highest ever sale on the Road Trip,” he added, Eventually, the hammer went down at £2,200 making Tim a £2,060 profit. “I don’t know what to say,” Tim remarked. “I’ll buy the last fish and chips and I’m going home.” Unsurprisingly, Tim won the day and the week’s battle between himself and Izzie. When the expert spotted the item in an antique shop, he was immediately intrigued by the Victorian letterbox. Hand-crafted items were a big hit at the turn of the century and the letterbox is an example of this. Antiques Road Trip airs on BBC One on weekdays at 4.30pm.