An area large than England has been told to take emergency precautions ahead of a new test launch of an intercontinental ballistic missile. Tourists and residents in the Kamchatka region have been warned of a launch that will take place between June 6 and 10. The RS-28 Sarmat, known as Satan 2, will launch from the Plesetsk Cosmodrome to the Kura missile test range. A statement said: “In the danger zone of the fall of the separating parts of the launch vehicle or its fragments, as well as in the event of an emergency in the field, are the eastern, southeastern part of the Tigilsky district, the southwestern part of the Karaginsky district and the northwestern part of the Ust-Kamchatsky district of the Kamchatka region.” The hypersonic nuclear-capable 208-tonne weapon travels at 15,880mph and can reportedly strike Britain in just "200 seconds". It was last tested on April 30. Russian state TV have already claimed that Putin could raze the "entire east coast" with two Satan missiles. Russian lawmaker Yevgeny Popov claimed on the Kremlin's propaganda mouthpiece channel, Rossiya 1, that two more could take out the east coast. He said: "Four missiles and there'll be nothing left. Putin has said the weapon is “unstoppable” by the West with “no analogues…in the world for a long time to come”. And Russian TV anchor Dmitry Kiselyov proposed the use of Satan-2 to "wipe England from the map" It comes as Putin has sent a horror warning to the West over supplying Ukraine with longer-range missiles. READ MORE: Putin warned that West will 'decisively and directly' attack Russia if red line crossed "They think the mushroom cloud will be taller than a high rise. That mushroom cloud will be visible from Mexico." In an interview on the Rossiya-1 state television channel, Putin was quoted as saying that if such missiles are supplied, "we will strike at those targets which we have not yet been hitting". The US has already announced it is sending the M142 High Mobility Artillery Rocket System (HIMARS), which fires precision-guided rockets that can hit targets up to 70km (45 miles) away. And now Britain has said it will send cutting-edge rocket systems to Ukraine that can strike targets 80km (50 miles) away. DON'T MISS Putin’s war ‘backfiring’ as US strikes nuclear deal with Ukraine [REVEAL] Biden humiliated as Russia and Iran strikes major 20-year energy deal [INSIGHT] The NATO weapon that Putin ‘really fears’ [REPORT] The multiple-launch rocket systems (MLRS) come with precision-guided rockets. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said: “The UK stands with Ukraine in this fight and is taking a leading role in supplying its heroic troops with the vital weapons they need to defend their country from unprovoked invasion. "If the international community continues its support, I believe Ukraine can win. “As Russia’s tactics change, so must our support to Ukraine. "These highly capable multiple-launch rocket systems will enable our Ukrainian friends to better protect themselves against the brutal use of long-range artillery, which Putin’s forces have used indiscriminately.”