And if their grumble is more niche, users can input a specific message to ward off irritating colleagues, and ensure they are heard loud and clear. The online tool was created by The Workplace Depot, after a poll of 2,000 workers found arduous IT issues, smelly toilets, and rotten food in the fridge are the biggest office gripes. Many also loathe the lack of natural light, colleagues sucking up to the boss, and people rambling on about their weekend plans – even though others don’t care. But nearly two in five (39 percent) have been quick to make their feelings known, by either leaving a passive-aggressive note or sending an office-wide email. The last people leaving and not locking up properly, cigarette butts scattered outside, and a mess in the communal lunch areas, are the top reasons why workers feel compelled to call out their peers. And one in three (32 percent) have done so due to their colleague's poor parking. But while half reported their messages were successful in stopping what they deem to be poor office etiquette, 44 percent claimed the problems still persisted. A spokesman for the industrial supplies provider said: “Offices can often be a funny old environment when social norms don’t always translate into those four walls where we spend much of our lives. “And when forced to encounter a multitude of small bothers on an almost daily basis, it is no surprise it drives many to snap. “The way many choose to express their displeasure is in the quintessentially British form of the painfully polite passive-aggressive note or email. “Yet, these will always have a serious undertone of hostility, which for the reader – or even worse, the culprit – can be quite alarming. Although, often rather amusing too.” The study also found nearly half (45 percent) have confronted a colleague about their poor conduct in the workplace, with 46 percent of these claiming this intervention caused them to stop. However, eight percent overstepped the mark and even received disciplinary action following the quarrel. And 37 percent have even considered leaving their job because of their office bugbears – with 14 percent actually making the leap to a new role. Unfortunately, the grass wasn’t always greener, as 44 percent claimed their new place of work was about the same or even worse than what they had left behind. Getting their work finished at breakneck speeds so they can leave promptly ranked as the most common way workers counteract their annoyances. And 37 percent avoid irritations by rarely engaging with their colleagues, while 30 percent will just dodge the office as much as possible. And over a quarter (27 percent) will simply plug their headphones in to drown out the noise and irritations of the office. In fact, 40 percent even admitted they are less productive when they are in the office because of what is winding them up, according to the survey, conducted via OnePoll. The spokesman for The Workplace Depot added: “It’s clear from these findings that many of the UK’s white-collar workers are pretty fed-up with what is going on around them between 9am and 5pm. “But like many things in life, if you don’t address the problem, it will only get worse. “It is important for these workers to stand up for what they believe is the right conduct for an office – even if that is hiding behind a passive-aggressive note.” TOP 50 OFFICE GRIPES: