Nile Gardiner, who was an aide to former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, made the claim as the country marked the final day of celebrations marking the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The monarch said she remains "committed to serving" the nation to the best of her ability as four days of pomp and pageantry drew to a close on Sunday, June 5. As part of the celebrations, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex on Friday made their first public appearance alongside the Windsors for the first time since the couple stepped down as senior royals in 2020. Mr Gardiner took to Twitter on Sunday to share his view of the Royal Family and the Duchess. He tweeted: "Meghan's campaign to undermine the British monarchy has failed spectacularly. "Support for the Royal Family in the UK is at one of its highest points in decades."  After stepping down, Meghan told TV host Oprah Winfrey about a perceived lack of protection during her time as a working royal in a controversial interview which divided opinion of the Sussexes. In the Oprah interview, Harry and Meghan accused an unnamed member of the royal family, not the Queen nor the Duke of Edinburgh, of racism and painted the monarchy as an uncaring institution. The Duchess of Cambridge was publicly singled out by Meghan for allegedly making her cry in the run-up to her wedding. Delighting thousands of people packed onto The Mall, the Queen stepped out onto the balcony of Buckingham Palace on Sunday evening after the Platinum Pageant.  READ MORE ABOUT PRINCE HARRY 'FUMING' AFTER A MIXED RECEPTION FROM UK CROWD It came after polls showed six in 10 Britons think the country should continue to have a monarchy with only 22 percent saying Britain should have an elected head of state. More than eight in 10 (84 percent) Conservative voters and 77 percent of Britons aged 65 and older say the monarchy should continue. Only nine percent and 13 percent respectively say we should have an elected head of state instead, YouGov reports. A majority of Britons have consistently been in favour of retaining the monarchy, but there has been a decline over the last 10 years, from a high of 75 percent in favour in July 2012, to 62 percent today.  DON'T MISS: Jet2 boss blames Jubilee airport chaos on 'lazy Brits on benefits' [REVEALED] Jet squawks ‘7700’ at 35,000ft as aircraft approaches UK [REPORT] Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'made to look stupid' [LATEST] Overall, eight in ten people (81 percent) have a positive opinion of the Queen, versus 12 percent who view her negatively, a YouGov poll shows. Former BBC royal correspondent Peter Hunt said on the last day of the celebrations: "At the end of yet another successful jubilee, the level of public affection and admiration for the Queen is stratospherically high. "A woman who has devoted her life to service is now acknowledging the limitations of advancing age. "She will reign remotely while Charles and William do the heavy lifting. The long goodbye is under way."  Mr Hunt added: "For the briefest of moments, Harry and Meghan were back being active Windsors. "The institution didn't crumble. The royals need them, but are unlikely to acknowledge what they've lost given the hurt felt by all sides." The Queen brought her historic Platinum Jubilee celebrations to a close with a brief final balcony appearance on Sunday. She shared the stage with seven members of the royal family - the Prince of Wales, the Duke of Cambridge and Prince George, as well as two future Queens - the Duchess of Cornwall and the Duchess of Cambridge - and Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis.  The appearance provided a glimpse of core members of the royal family who are shaping the future of the monarchy. It was a symbol of a streamlined monarchy and reminiscent of the Diamond Jubilee balcony appearance of 2012 when a slimmed down group of six appeared alongside the Queen. Then it was just the sovereign - without the Duke of Edinburgh, who was in hospital - Charles, Camilla, William, Kate and Harry. But with the Duke of Sussex no longer at the forefront of royal life, and the arrival of the Cambridge great-grandchildren, the family line-up has changed. 