Bayern Munich chief Hasan Salihamidzic has admitted that Serge Gnabry could be up for sale this summer as he approaches the final year of his contract. Arsenal have been tentatively linked with a move for the player. The Germany international is set to enter the final year of his contract at the Allianz Arena. Gnabry has yet to put pen to paper over a new deal at Bayern and it has led to intense speculation that he is keen on quitting the Bundesliga champions soon. Several clubs are interested in the forward, including the Gunners. Despite letting the player go six years ago, Arsenal have been impressed by his development while he has turned into a superstar in Bavaria. The Premier League outfit let Gnabry leave for Werder Bremen back in 2016 but may now be about to try and re-sign him. And they would've been boosted after Bayern sporting director Salihamidzic revealed that talks have not gone smoothly over a new contract and that he may have to be sold this summer if an agreement can't be reached. It follows claims from the club president Herbert Hainer that negotiations have stalled. "I’m very clear about that, he’s a great guy," Salihamidzic said. "We really want to keep him. We would love to extend with him. I think we showed him the necessary appreciation. I hope that he chooses FC Bayern. "We will intensify the talks over the next few weeks. But if a player doesn’t want to decide for the club then it’s only fair to tell us so that we can find a solution that makes everyone happy." The Gunners are in the midst of a transformative summer under Mikel Arteta as he looks to add some stardust to his side. He is on the brink of bringing in his fourth signing of the transfer window. Arsenal have agreed a £45million fee for Gabriel Jesus at Manchester City and are now locked in talks over personal terms. If the Brazilian joins, he will join Matt Turner, Marquinhos and Fabio Vieira through the door. Leeds United star Raphinha is also high on Arteta's wish list and the club are preparing a second bid after initially being knocked back. The Whites ace has also been courted by Bayern and could be a potential replacement for Gnabry.