Emmanuel Macron, 44, was dealt an electoral blow yesterday just two months after he defeated his far-right challenger Marine Le Pen, 53, in April's presidential election. Euractiv claimed Mr Macron, who was neck-and-neck with France's left-wing group in the first round of the legislative election last week, has led the centrist coalition to lose 99 seats. Ensemble, which was rebranded from En Marche in May ahead of yesterday's legislative election, fell 38 seats short of retaining his majority in Paris on 251 seats. The left-wing group, led by 70-year-old Eurosceptic Jean-Luc Melenchon, made 77 net gains to end up as the second largest party on 135 seats. Ms Le Pen's National Rally party had a record-breaking night as the far-right soared from just eight seats to 88. Mainstream parties on the centre-right and centre-left also suffered at the ballot box. According to Europe Elects, the centre-left was reduced to a record low of 28 seats even though it won 280 in 2012. The centre-right managed to retain 68 seats as it lost half of its legislative seats. JUST IN: Macron FAILS to win outright majority but beats left-wing and Le Pen, exit poll says Critics of Mr Macron have been quick to pounce on the French President over the result. Former National Rally MEP Florian Philippot, 40, took to Twitter to update his Eurosceptic supporters about the result. Mr Philippot, who resigned from Ms Le Pen's party following her defeat in 2017, said: "No absolute majority! "So many ministers beaten tonight!" Health Minister Brigitte Bourguignon, 66, and Green Transition Minister Amélie de Montchalin, 37, were among Mr Macron's main casualties. READ MORE: Fatal flaw in Europe’s plan to save Ukraine laid bare – British Army could last eight days However, Macron's 40-year-old European Affairs Minister Clement Beaune, who has been seen as a leading anti-Brexiteer on the other side of the Channel, narrowly saw off a challenge from the radical left in the French capital. Mr Philippot, who is now leader of the Patriots, added: "Macron must submit his resignation, we must put everything back together! "The oppositions must seize this historic moment to overcome old divisions and build an alternative!" Despite Mr Philippot's comments, there is little chance Mr Macron will resign over the legislative election result. French Prime Minister Élisabeth Borne, 66, said: "The situation this evening is unprecedented. DON'T MISS: Paras face sacking 'for activities that bring regiment into dispute' [REPORT] Palace shoots itself in foot by not releasing Meghan bullying report [REVEALED] Kate and William's latest move is a 'slapdown' to Meghan and Harry [LATEST] "We must respect this vote and draw from it the consequences. "In this new assembly, we must resume a particular responsibility. "We will work as of tomorrow to build the majority for conviction. "There is no alternative but to join forces to guarantee our country's stability and to carry out the necessary reforms that we need." However, an emboldened Mr Melenchon suggested the radical left coalition had reached its objective in yesterday's election. The ex-Vocational Education Minister said: "It is a totally unexpected situation. "Absolutely unheard of. "The rout of the presidential party is total and there is no majority for them. "We've achieved the political objective that we set ourselves in less than a month - to bring down that man who so arrogantly twisted the arm of the whole country to get elected without anyone knowing what he wanted to do for our country." Ms Le Pen, who put up a strong performance in the recent Presidential Election as she narrowed Macron's lead, also welcomed the result. She said: "This victory is that of the French people. "Tonight, they have taken their destiny into their own hands by making Emmanuel Macron a minority president. "This victory is yours!"