It is common knowledge among royal fans that Kate Middleton’s wedding dress in 2011 was hugely influenced by Grace Kelly’s gown decades earlier. Both dresses were long-sleeved and covered in lace. But another royal was inspired by Grace – and Kate. Who is she? Grace Kelly was a fashion icon, and so it is no surprise that her choice of wedding dress continues to inspire royals today. After Kate’s wedding to William in 2011, where she wore a long-sleeved lace dress by Alexander McQueen designer Sarah Burton, a dress similar to this design has come up time and time again. Princess Diana’s niece, Lady Kitty Spencer, was even inspired by Grace and Kate last year, when she wed millionaire fashion tycoon Michael Lewis in a lavish ceremony in Italy. Kitty’s dress had a high neck, long sleeves, and was covered in thick lace – like Grace’s in 1956. READ MORE: Prince William embraces Mike Tindall - 'provider of support & banter' However, there is another lesser-known royal whose wedding dress was also inspired by both Grace and Kate. Princess Sofia of Sweden married Prince Carl Philip in June 2015 in the Royal Chapel of Stockholm Palace. For the occasion, Sofia donned a long-sleeved dress boasting intricate couture lace made by Spanish textile designer José María Ruiz. Designed by Swedish designer Ida Sjöstedt, the gown featured a V-neckline with scalloped lace edges, an A-line skirt, and a long hand-stitched train.  The V-neckline and long, laced sleeves were similar to the design on Kate’s dress, as well as Grace’s. The fact the dress was covered in lace also drew comparison with Kate and Grace’s gowns. Sofia finished the look with a bridal veil, held in place with a silver tiara featuring impressive emerald stones. Her earrings were delicate diamond drop pieces, and she carried a bouquet of peach-coloured roses. Grace’s influence has, therefore, reached all corners of Europe over the years, from Britain to Sweden. But what made her style so special that royals continue to want to emulate it to this day? Fashion expert Miranda Holder told Express.co.uk: “There are many occasions when such royals have clearly taken fashion inspiration from Grace’s immaculate wardrobe, and why shouldn’t they? “Grace was the queen of sophisticated minimalism, iconic for her streamlined silhouettes that were utterly classic but executed so perfectly, they could never be called boring.” Grace was a style icon even before she became a princess – her best fashion moments included the moment she won her Oscar in 1954, wearing an ice-blue satin gown designed by Edith Head. “She was known originally for her Hollywood calling card of bucking the trend and wearing white gloves on the red carpet while her peers favoured a more opulent glamour,” Miranda continued. “Grace forged relationships with Parisian design houses such as Balenciaga, Chanel and Yves Saint Laurent. “Her personal favourite were the clean, sleek lines of Dior, which were very much in vogue and complemented her tiny frame perfectly. “Princess Grace of Monaco also made wearing glasses fashionable, known as a member of the ‘sunglasses set’ along with Brigitte Bardot and Jaqueline Kennedy, inspiring women globally to follow suit.” Grace’s Parisian style of “crisp white shirts, wearing a single colour head to toe, neat, feminine fit and flare dresses with a nipped in waistline, kitten heels and more” are fashion trends royal fans will have seen Kate and other young female royals wearing today.