Weeds are simply plants growing in the wrong places, and they can be extremely hard to get rid of. When it comes to driveways and patios, experts recommend using different products to the ones used on the lawn. A spokesperson for GardeningExpress.co.uk said: “There’s nothing more disheartening than seeing hours of hard work in the garden ruined by pesky weeds that seem to sprout from nowhere. “There are loads of commercial products on the market that will do the job in killing the weeds quickly, but most of these contain chemicals. “Not only are these homemade concoctions a chemical-free alternative, but you’ll also save the expense of store bought products. “Products with high acidic values are usually effective, but you should avoid spraying them directly on soil as substances like vinegar can break down the soil structure and kill beneficial microorganisms.” One product which can be used on weeds is vinegar. READ MORE: 'Cheap & gets stain every time': Mrs Hinch fans share 'amazing' tip The cupboard essential should be used on patio and gravel driveways as it is very strong. The experts at GardeningExpress.co.uk said: “Vinegar is a non-selective and will kill everything it touches. “It won’t work on deep rooted perennials and may just burn the visible parts of the weed. “It’s highly effective on small weeds, but it can also alter your soil to prevent things from growing there in the future, so it’s best to use this on block paving and gravel driveways only. DON'T MISS:How often to wash bedding in summer to kill dust mites [EXPERT]What plants to prune now to help 'successful growth' in the garden [COMMENT]How to make your carpets ‘super fluffy’ with 50p homemade solution [INSIGHT] “Simply add it to a spray bottle and squirt onto the leaves and stems of weeds.” Using boiling water is also an effective method for driveway and patio weeds. The experts explained: “Scalding water can destroy growing weeds, but also any other greenery nearby, so make sure to keep it as close to the weeds as possible.” Baking soda, which is often used in baking, can also be used on pesky weeds. According to the experts, it should be used in cracks to avoid killing healthy grass and other vegetation. Another item which is “very effective” on weeds is salt. According to the experts, it has been used as a herbicide and pesticide for hundreds of years. They said: “Dilute three parts water with one-part salt, mix and leave to stand for 10 minutes to make sure the salt has dissolved. “Spray the desired weeds with the salty solution, but don’t use on lawns, salt can be absorbed into your soil and prevent future growth.” Mulch, cornmeal and rubbing alcohol are other household items which can be used on garden weeds. Mulch can help to eliminate existing weeds while also preventing new ones from growing. Rubbing alcohol should be mixed with water when tackling the weeds and it can help to remove the moisture that weeds need to survive.