Stacey Solomon, 32, said her anxiety was “through the roof” as Joe Swash, 40, heads to Ibiza for his stag weekend. Joe was jetting off to the party destination with his best pals and Stacey’s dad, David. As Joe excitedly got ready for the trip, Stacey was less enthusiastic and admitted that she was “actually so worried”.In view of her 5.3 million Instagram followers, the mum-of- four wrote: “My anxiety is through the roof! Joe and my dad on a stag weekend! Pray for me.”As she sat on her sofa looking flustered, the Loose Women panellist confessed: “Sorry I’ve been so quiet, Joe’s going on his stag weekend and in typical Joe style, he is not prepared at all.“It has been one of those stressful days. I’m actually so worried about you going!” READ MORE:BBC Breakfast's Carol Kirkwood bids farewell to 'emotional' colleague Joe, who was sitting beside her, then quipped: “Don’t worry about me, worry about your dad.”Stacey then jolted up and said: “Oh my god, he’s only taking my dad isn’t he. I’m double worrying, both of them together! I just can’t.”As Joe’s holiday preparation continued late into the night, Stacey uploaded another clip which showed Joe packing some questionable items into his suitcase.He could be seen holding up a pair of pink harem trousers, much to Stacey’s dismay. She pleaded: “Oh you’re not taking the harems. Please tell me you are not taking the Aladdin trousers!”After a sudden change of heart, Stacey remarked: “In fact, actually take them I think they will keep you sensible.”The former EastEnders star then wound up his fiancee saying that the trousers will be handy in case he “drinks too much and has an accident”.On Friday morning, Joe updated his followers that he had made it onto the plane in one piece. DON'T MISSDame Deborah James' fearless efforts as she plans out final days[LATEST]Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak[INSIGHT]Monty Don in woeful farewell before Gardeners' World is pulled off air[NEWS] He shared a clip of himself looking holiday ready wearing a khaki t-shirt and sunglasses on top of his head.  He is on his way to Ibiza with his best friends, including Simon and Nick who are his best men.He spun the camera round and encouraged the group of men to say hello to his 1.9 million followers.The excited soap star exclaimed: “Stag do time! They are my best men. Say hello! “Ibiza doesn’t know what’s going to hit it. Yes! The 40-year-olds are on tour!”Stacey and Joe are getting married next month, nearly two years after they got engaged.The ceremony will take place in the garden of their Essex mansion, which they lovingly dub Pickle Cottage.It is also expected that their children will play a special role with their sons: Zachary, Leighton, Rex and Joe’s son Harry, acting as page boys. 