And families frequently argue about devices being left on all night, leaving the fridge door open, and only half filling the dishwasher or washing machine before putting it on. But more than three in ten adults admitted they have been “green shamed” by their kids or partner, leading to disagreements about not being eco-friendly enough. Chen Sun, from the British International Education Association, which commissioned the study to launch its competition inviting children to submit their planet-saving ideas, said: “We all have our priorities – but for some, being green is not one of them. “While the pressures of everyday life might discourage some grown-ups from being greener, it is encouraging to see children being more vocal about the environment, and having open discussions with their parents on being sustainable and ensuring everyone acts in saving the planet.” The research also found two-fifths of adults argue with their partner about environmental issues, while 13 percent will debate with their children. And 15 percent of those with kids admitted their youngsters are more passionate about the environment than their grandparents, friends, and work colleagues. But almost a third (30 percent) felt guilty about how little they do to help the environment – with affordability being the biggest reason. Lack of time, confusion over what actions to take, and struggling to give up common habits, are among other reasons that many struggle to be eco-friendly. And one in ten have found it harder to do things which help the planet in the last 12 months. As a result, a quarter of parents have been told off by their children for doing something which is bad for the environment – such as eating meat and dairy, travelling by plane to go abroad, and using soap in a plastic bottle. However, 58 percent are seeking advice to better their actions, with nearly half (48 percent) relying on websites and blogs online to educate themselves. TV documentaries, scientific reports, and social media are also reliable sources for adults to learn about becoming more sustainable, according to the OnePoll data. But a third of adults admit their partner or children have inspired them to be greener, with 46 percent increasing their efforts as a result. And 15 percent said their kids’ awareness of protecting the planet has grown following lessons at school. Chen Sun added: “Despite adults feeling guilty, it is great to see them trying to improve their everyday habits and take inspiration from those closest to them. “That is why we are encouraging young people, between the ages of six and 18, to come up with ideas to help make cities and communities more inclusive, safe, resilient, and sustainable. “Our winning teams of students will get the opportunity to visit Chongqing in China, to present their ideas to the city’s decision makers. “Chongqing was once known as “fog city” because of its heavy air pollution. “Now it has made environmental protection a priority to help improve the conditions of the 32 million people that live there.” TOP 25 “GREEN” ARGUMENTS: