Although CBS’ Blue Bloods already aired the season finale in May, star Tom Selleck shone a light on a special milestone episode. As well as reaching season 16, the procedural drama also celebrated its 250th episode, which the actor opened up about.  During his interview with TV Insider, Selleck shared why the show’s 250th episode was important to him. The 77-year-old disclosed: “The number of series that have done as many episodes as Blue Bloods is a tiny, tiny percentage. “This is a validation that we’re all fighting the good fight. All the actors are very committed to the work. “So, it’s a number that gives reward for the professionalism of this entire cast.” READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Chas Dingle in heartbreaking baby adoption twist Selleck has been a household name for over 40 years and has made his mark in the film and TV industry, so its unsurprising Blue Bloods was a huge hit with fans. He made his first appearance on the series in 2010, where he starred as the NYC police commissioner Frank Reagan. The character was also a doting father who took pride in his children who all followed in his footsteps and joined law enforcement. The patriarch valued his family and hosted the weekly Sunday dinner where they would all discuss cases and get into the occasional debate.  Speaking to TV Insider, Selleck also reflected on his career and revealed why his highly acclaimed 80s show, Magnum P.I. didn’t reach the major milestone. He said: “I never thought I’d be lucky enough to do a show that had that long a run. “Maybe Magnum, P.I. could have reached that number because nobody wanted to cancel it.” He continued: “I was the guy causing the divorce, I’d done the number one movie [Three Men and a Baby] in the US and I wanted to have a family.” DON'T MISS...Rod Stewart 'disappointed' by Harry and Meghan's treatment of Queen [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods blunder: Danny and Delgado shootout contains major error [BLUNDER]Blue Bloods star Tom Selleck hits back at Magnum PI fashion critics [INSIGHT] The show’s 250th episode was featured in season 16 and is titled ‘Guilt.’ Throughout the episode, Frank was wallowing in guilt after Detective Angela Reddick (Ilfenesh Hadera) was shot. Frank felt liable as he had reassigned her for not meshing with the team and asked her to pick a different assignment. Elsewhere, Frank's daughter Erin Reagan (Bridget Moynahan) had a huge disagreement with Aaron Abetemarco (Steve Schirripa) after she didn’t take kindly to his promotion.  Although there wasn’t a huge celebration of the milestone on screen, fans swooned over the episode as the family dinner finished with a classic Irish toast. The family recited: “May the road rise up to meet you, may the wind be always at your back, may the sun shine warm upon your face, may the rains fall soft upon your fields.” They raised their glasses and concluded: “Until we meet again, may God hold you in the palm of his hand.” The Reagan family recited the Irish blessing as they were celebrating St. Patrick’s Day, with a special dinner. Blue Bloods is available on CBS in the US. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 