Lewis Hamilton has asked Mercedes team-mate George Russell to do more experiments in the second half of the season, following the seven-time world champion’s third-place finish in the Canadian Grand Prix. Hamilton claimed just his second podium of the season in Montreal, but called his car “undriveable” during practice. He finished behind winner Max Verstappen and Carlos Sainz, and ahead of the British Grand Prix is hoping that his team-mate can take on more of the tinkering going forward. “Maybe in the second half of the season George can do the experiments!” Hamilton said on Sunday. “We’re just trying to work… we’re just trying to progress as a team. “And yeah, I think moving forward, I think we’ll be a little bit more cautious on doing too many experiments as it really does hinder you through the weekend, especially if you only have practice one and two in the dry and don’t get a FP3, for example. “So yeah, I think there’s lots of learnings from this weekend, and improvements that we can make moving forwards. But you know, really great pace today. And it’s so nice to see, it’s not always been the case I’ve had with this car so it’s nice to have a bit of a good battle with her today, her or him, whatever you call a car. “And I really hope, moving to Silverstone… it’s such an important race for us and for me and so I really hope that… I just want to be in a battle with these guys [Red Bull and Ferrari]. “At the end there when the Safety Car came in and we started again, I was hoping that I could just… the dream was like if I can keep in that battle with them and find a way but they were rapid. But we will get there eventually.” Hamilton previously named Silverstone as the venue where he wanted to begin challenging Red Bull and Ferrari, and will look to build on the positive momentum he secured in Montreal. However, he does hope that Mercedes limit their future upgrades in order to maintain consistency. “We’re just trying to work,” the 37-year-old told Sky Sports. “We’re just trying to progress as a team. Moving forward, I think we’ll be a little bit more cautious on doing too many experiments, as it really does hinder you through the weekend, especially if you only have Practice 1 and 2 in the dry and don’t get an FP3, for example. “I think there are lots of learnings from this weekend and improvements that we can make moving forwards. I really hope, moving to Silverstone… It’s such an important race for us and for me, and so I just want to be in a battle with these guys.”