Sherwood concludes this week after six episodes of intense drama as two unexpected murders rocked an already fractured community. On Monday, Sherwood was moved from its usual spot on BBC One to BBC Two because Andy Murray’s Wimbledon match overran. The next evening, BBC viewers were left fuming as they waited to find out whether the same thing would happen again as Serena Williams took on Harmony Tan. BBC schedulers had to move Sherwood’s penultimate episode to BBC Two at the last minute. Andy’s first-round match, which he went on to win, against Australian James Duckworth overran. Although fans can catch up on iPlayer, those who had set-top boxes programmed to record Sherwood at 9pm on BBC One were greeted with an hour of tennis instead. On Tuesday, Sherwood fans took to Twitter to demand whether the same schedule shake-up would happen again. Read more: Sherwood writer airs frustration as he compares BBC series to Brexit @colinMRadio tweeted: “#Sherwood fans, get ready to be screwed over by the tennis again. Tonight when the show is shunted to bbc2 so you sky+ records a random hour of tennis @bbcpress @BBCOne.” @muder1308 added: “At the moment, Serena Williams and Tan match may extend on @BBCOne if #Sherwood moves again to @BBCTwo tonight for the second and final time, more disruption yet again as the roof is starting to come on and @BBCTwo does show continuous coverage of tennis. @davidmorrissey64.” “@BBCOne schedulers are really keeping it's #Sherwood audience in suspense. Will there be a secret sudden switch to BBC2?” @simonapcliff asked. @DianePe23337706 urged: “@BBCSport heads up. Please do not muck the schedules up at 9.00pm. Final of #Sherwood. You have been warned. Not everyone is a tennis fan.” “Is #Sherwood on @BBC1 or @BBC2 tonight? My folks are watching it but confused by tennis coverage instead and they don't want to miss the last one,” @AudreyRE questioned. Meanwhile, one disappointed viewer missed out on the opportunity to watch the penultimate episode due to the last minute schedule shake-up. @tottidoyle wrote: “Just started to watch last night's #sherwood but it's tennis that has recorded what a phenomenal pain in the a**e.” Sherwood's finale did air on BBC One but was delayed due to Wimbledon coverage. In the series finale, the Sparrows discuss which one of them could be in danger after an arrow was found at their door. DON'T MISSBBC's Sherwood 'gasp-inducing' plot twists keeps you watching - review [REVIEW]Sherwood writer airs frustration as he compares BBC series to Brexit  [INTERVIEW]BBC's Sherwood fans distracted by questionable police plot hole [INSIGHT] Detective Chief Superintendent Ian St Clair (David Morrissey) calls another community meeting as he becomes more determined than ever to find the truth. Meanwhile, DI Kevin Salisbury (Robert Glenister) is confronted by a rush of memories when he returns to the guest house and sees Jenny Harris (Nadine Marshall) checking in. The BBC series was inspired by two Nottinghamshire murders in 2004. The tragic events highlights the fractured community following the miners’ strikes of the 1980s. In an exclusive Q&A with Express.co.uk, Sherwood creator James Graham explained why he never saw the drama as a whodunnit. “That's not the question at the heart of it, so that's why we show you the killer at the end of the first episode,” James said. "What was more interesting to us to explore was the impact on a community that something like this can have, especially a community where there were social and political tensions, and as you identify with them. "I sometimes think what I find frustrating, I have no time for political culture as I think that deliberately tries to divide people for political gain, and I think that sometimes has happened. “I think our lovely county where we're very lucky to live has sometimes been the victim of those political games. “And the joy of looking at recent history, whether that be with the Brexit referendum, or the impact of the minor strike, is that it reminds you that nothing is ever really new, and we've always been here before.” Sherwood is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.