Earlier this year, The Split fans were left devastated after James (played by Rudi Dharmalingam) died in a tragic bicycle crash. In the BBC drama, Rudi played the husband of Rose (Fiona Button) who is also the sister of leading lady Hannah Defoe (Nicola Walker). Despite being killed off the show, Rudi went on to land a new role in a very different sci-fi series called The Lazarus Project. The Lazarus Project, which is available to watch on Sky, is about a secret organisation with the power and knowledge to turn back time to avert global catastrophe. Each time there is a critical crisis which could throw the world into jeopardy, members of the project - who are the only ones to remember when the past is re-written - spring into action and alter the course of history. Paapa Essiedu plays the lead character, George, who quickly realises something isn't right when he begins to relive the same day over and over again. However, much to his horror, George realises his girlfriend Sarah (played by Charly Clive) is unaware of his involvement in the Lazarus Project and time goes by without her noticing. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast presenter shares concern for Carol Kirkwood Rudi plays Shiv, a project member who has been part of the group since he was a teenager and has a strong moral compass. Discussing his new role in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Rudi began: "I became an actor because I enjoy getting into the mindset of different types of people from different backgrounds, different ideologies and different perspectives on life. "So you know, playing a diverse range of characters, which I think is something I've done for quite a few years now, but it's something that I feel very sort of passionate about. "I've been very lucky because I've been able to play lots of different types of characters both on the stage and on-screen as well." Rudi, who has also starred alongside Michelle Keegan in Our Girl, went on to explain what drew him to the script. "It's really fascinating, isn't it, and I think we're all really intrigued and interested in whether it's even possible to travel through time," he said. "At the same time, none of us had little comprehension of how that would work exactly. "So, I think what drew me to the role was that it was sci-fi and because my character of Shiv is quite different to anything I've ever done before." DON'T MISS...A Place in the Sun star Scarlette opens up on making show history [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' baby Thomas DNA twist [REACTION]Death in Paradise star details moment he decided to quit acting [VIDEO] The 41-year-old may be used to portraying different roles, but Rudi admitted he felt quite "isolated" when he played Shiv. The Split star said that he and the director wanted to get across the trauma his character had been through. Rudi continued: "We wanted to see a worn-down nature to this guy who is utterly committed, dedicated and passionate, and you know, he's still he's very much the kind of guy that is married to his job. "He lives and breathes the world at the Lazarus project and firmly believes in this narrative. "It was interesting to get into that mindset," Rudi added about getting into character. "Someone that is quite solitary and quite isolated and quite aloof, actually. "And that sort of, you know, not intentionally, but that sort of subconsciously manifested itself into the way that I conducted myself on set as well. "Which was weird as it was never my intention to do that, but I think when you play any character, you sort of subconsciously adopt their traits and adopt their psychology. "So I sort of found myself very isolated and I tried to create a distance because actually, Shiv is a very solitary character." The Lazarus Project is available to watch Sky Max and is available as a boxset on NOW.