Brenda Blethyn has played DCI Vera Stanhope since the ITV series began in 2011. Fans were first introduced to the detective when she was partnered with Joe Ashworth (played by David Leon). However, much to their disappointment, Joe left the series in 2014 but was promptly replaced by Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty). Aiden and Vera clashed at first over their policing methods, but it didn't the duo long to put their differences aside and they have remained close ever since. Speaking in an interview with Graham Norton, the 76-year-old paid a sweet tribute to her co-star, branding him, "The best person to work with." "When you meet fans of Vera, how often do they look disappointed that you're dressed so nicely and you're not dressed in wellies and a raincoat?" Graham asked in his podcast. "They're very complementary," Brenda admitted before adding: "They say, 'Aren't you little and aren't you pretty?' which is nice." READ MORE: Blue Bloods exit: Why did Amy Carlson leave NBC drama as Linda Reagan? "But I think they're really just hoping that I'll introduce them to Kenny Doughty," Brenda laughed before paying a tribute to her co-star. "He is the best fun and the best person to work with." The DCI Stanhope star also spoke fondly of her former co-star Cush Jumbo, who played Bethany in Vera. Despite her character being killed off in the ITV series, Cush went on to star in a play as the female version of Hamlet. "Cush Jumbo, who used to be in Vera, is about to play Hamlet or female Hamlet," the actress continued before praising her former co-star: "She's going to be brilliant." Series 11 of the hit cop drama was put on hold last year due to the pandemic, which meant bosses had to spread out when the six episodes would air on ITV. The first four instalments have already been shown, although, fans are still patiently waiting for the final episodes to air. Despite the delay, in recent months, Brenda and the cast have been spotted filming for series 12 in Newcastle. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise's Tobi Bakare pays tribute to BBC co-star [INSIGHT]All Creatures Great and Small boss teases 'change' for residents  [CAST]Brenda Blethyn admits she'd turn down Vera role today [NEWS] Production for the drama is due to finish in the autumn, according to show bosses. When filming, Brenda and her fellow Vera co-stars often keep fans updated on the series. The 76-year-old's sidekick, Kenny regularly posts on Instagram and Twitter about the show. In his most recent post, the actor confirmed the cast were taking a break from filming. He went on to pay a tribute to leading lady Brenda. In view of his 27,000 followers, the actor penned: "And that’s a wrap for a little while on Vera. "Congratulations to our amazingly hard-working & talented crew…. But especially my buddy Brenda & cast." The Aiden Healy star concluded: "Enjoy your breaks & see you soon for more filming! Keep safe X." (sic) The Aiden Healy star also shared a post on Instagram. Along with a selfie of himself, Kenny told his followers: "Wrapped & on my way home! "2 amazing eps in the can. A much-deserved break for cast & crew. Keep safe X #vera." (sic) Vera is expected to air on ITV later this year.