Manchester United's move for Ajax star Antony appears to be on the verge of collapsing amid other deals that the Dutch giants have done so far this summer. Erik ten Hag is still yet to make his first signing as the Red Devils boss, despite an overhaul being badly needed. One of his top targets is Antony, who he hopes can solve the problem position on the right wing. The Brazilian had starred under Ten Hag at Ajax over the past two years, helping the Dutch giants to win two successive Eredivisie titles. But according to The Times, Ten Hag has run into difficulties in his attempts to bring the 22-year-old to Old Trafford. Ajax are said to be putting up 'tough resistance' to United's move for Antony as they undergo their own overhaul this summer. The Dutch side have already seen Ryan Gravenberch join Bayern Munich for £20m and Sebastien Haller move to Borussia Dortmund for £31m. That means they are now in a very strong financial position, which means they can afford to bat away any bid from United. READ MORE: Man Utd told Christian Eriksen 'deciding between two clubs' It is said that they do not need to raise any further funds during this summer's transfer window as they begin their new era under head coach Alfred Schreuder. United had hoped they would be able to bring Antony in for a fee in the region of £40m. But those hopes have now been dashed, with Ajax instead insistent that they will only accept a bid in the region of £69m. The fact that Antony still has three years left on his contract at the Johan Cruyff Arena also puts the advantage in the hands of Ajax. DON'T MISS: Cristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed ultimatum (NEWS)Man Utd set maximum transfer budget for Ten Hag as ‘3 deals accepted' (TRANSFERS)Phillips urged to snub Man City and make controversial move to Man Utd (INSIGHT) United will get a helping hand from the player himself though, with Antony said to be 'determined' to move to Old Trafford. The 22-year-old is understood to believe that he is ready to test his talents in the Premier League and is keen to work under Ten Hag again. Despite the mammoth bid it will likely take, the Brazilian is said to be hopeful of his chances of completing a move to United. But with Ajax holding firm, it is just the latest in a line of transfer woes, with United also struggling to sign Ten Hag's top target Frenkie de Jong.