Earlier this month, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex flew into the UK to join in with the celebrations to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The visit was the first time, aside from their quick pitstop to Windsor Castle in April, that the couple had been on UK soil since their royal exit two years ago. Tensions between the couple and the Royal Family have been heightened for some time, particularly after their exit, and since their visit, it is suggested that they could be a "long way off" from any improvement. Speaking on Australia's Today Show, the Daily Mirror's royal editor Russell Myers discussed the family's ongoing tensions. Mr Myers said: "I can imagine that he [Harry] might be a bit perturbed from what had happened. "I mean, he [Harry] was completely ignored." He added: "There was some pictures of them keeping a low profile at Trooping the Colour, the first event on the Thursday of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. "There is some long lenses of them mixing with the family, Meghan, sort of, looking forlorn on her own". READ MORE: Prince Andrew's plans to use Falklands War anniversary to stage royal return Mr Myers added: "When I was sitting, you know, a few feet away from Harry and Meghan, when William and Kate came in, and Charles and Camilla, there was no eye contact whatsoever." He also commented on the fact that there was no "going round for tea and cake" and that things still appear "very very frosty". The royal editor noted that if Harry was "looking for, some sort of piecemeal" then it was a "long long way off". Meghan and Harry announced that they were to step down as senior royals in January 2020. READ MORE: 'We want them to make up!' Americans rally around Meghan and Harry over family rift They made the announcement via their official Instagram account in a caption underneath a photograph of the two of them. In the announcement, the couple stated that the decision had come "after many months of reflection and internal discussions". They wrote that they wanted to "carve out a progressive new role within this institution". The couple added that whilst they were to "step back as ‘senior’ members of the Royal Family" and will "work to become financially independent", they would continue to "fully support Her Majesty The Queen". DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry forced to back of procession to prevent photos [INSIGHT]William told how to approach Harry to avoid further 'embarrassment' [ANALYSIS]Kate and William caught in 'photo battle' with Meghan and Harry [VIDEO] They attended their final enagement as senior members of the Royal Family in March 2020. Since their exit from the Royal Family, the couple have settled into their new life in the US. They now reside in the American state of California with their two children, three-year-old son Archie and daughter Lilibet, who turned one during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations.