Manchester United do not intend to allow Marcus Rashford to leave this summer following reports that Antonio Conte's Tottenham have made efforts to sign the England striker. Despite a disappointing campaign in the season just gone, Rashford is understood to be keen on fighting for his future at Old Trafford as he seeks to impress new manager Erik ten Hag.  According to The Times, United have rebuffed Tottenham's attempts to sign Rashford this summer. Spurs are understood to be keen on acquiring a forward capable of playing across their front line and view the 24-year-old as a someone who perfectly fits the profile of player they are looking for. The North Londoners reportedly feel they could help the struggling striker rediscover his best form, while the fact the England international would help the club fulfil their home-grown quota makes him an even more attractive proposition. However, United have other ideas. The Red Devils are understood to have informed Tottenham that Rashford intends to remain at Old Trafford this summer as he seeks to revive his career under Ten Hag. The United forward is said to be keen to impress the Dutchman as he looks to reestablish himself as key member with his boyhood club. READ MORE: Man Utd respond to Liverpool's Darwin Nunez deal as Erik ten Hag makes 'priority' clear  Rashford, whose contract is up next summer, failed to produce his best under either Ole Gunnar Solskjaer or Ralf Rangnick in the campaign just gone, having seen the start of last season stunted following shoulder surgery. After hitting 56 goals and setting up a further 37 in the three seasons prior to the 2021-22 campaign, Rashford managed a mere seven goal contributions across 32 outings last season. The striker found himself scarcely included in United's starting line up with just 13 of his 25 Premier League appearances coming from the off. As he found game-time hard-to-come-by, Rashford was reportedly considering his future at Old Trafford back in March. At the time, interim manager Rangnick took a hardline approach, telling Rashford to leave in the summer if he really was that disgruntled. The German said: “I don't think that he's not had enough game time. He's had 13 or 14 games since I've been here now. DON'T MISSLeeds drop major Kalvin Phillips transfer hint amid Man City interest [REPORT]Leeds summer spending to reach £43.5m as Orta 'accelerates' third signing[TRANSFERS]Man Utd boss Ten Hag 'interested' in surprise left-field Brighton transfer [RUMOUR]  "He's played more games from the start than he didn't play from the start. I don't think this is an issue and he never said anything about that when we spoke yesterday. But again, the window is closed right now. “Even, suppose he and his agents or his family at one stage of the summer think about maybe going to another club, well then he can do that, but in the summer." In contrast, the feeling between Rashford and Ten Hag appears to be mutual. It has previously been reported that Ten Hag views the striker as part of his plans next season. 