Prince William, who turns 40 on Tuesday, is second in line to the throne, after his father Prince Charles. There has been ongoing speculation as to whether the Queen's eldest son will step down and allow William to take on the role of King once the time comes. Speaking on GB News, Angie Best discussed the future of the monarchy and claimed that she believes the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are better suited to the role than Prince Charles as the country needs "youth and vitality". GB News' host Mark Dolan asked Ms Best: "Angie, what do we think, Queen Camilla, are we ready?". Ms Best replied: "No, she's nice, she's dull. "The people around the Royal Family will never let her make a gaff or do anything wrong". She added: "She'll be wheeled and pushed and walked into doing everything perfectly, of course, but I think we are missing something here. "I think Camilla and Charles would be wonderful advisors to William and Kate. READ MORE: 'Wonderful idea!' Kate and William share exciting new plan for George, Charlotte and Louis "So I think it should be William and Kate next." She explained that this is because they can "take all the advice and wonderfulness" of Camilla and Charles". Ms Best added: "What we need in this country is youth, is vitality, is something for us to look at and go oh good, not two old fuddy-duddies just like the Queen who is just going to go". She added that this would just be "bringing the same thing back in". She continued: "That's not what this country needs right now. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: William hatches new masterplan to make Andrew 'vanish' from public life "We need the youth, the vitality, we need inspiration. "Then Camilla can come and help me teach the nation how to make seventy the new fifty, she'd be good at that". Also speaking recently to GB News was royal expert Charles Rae. Mr Rae, speaking to host Nana Akua, said that William and his father Charles are now the "two leading lights in the Royal Family". DON'T MISS Prince Andrew 'causing almighty row' as aides [INSIGHT]Kate and Meghan 'right in step' with royal Jubilee memo [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry caught in Netflix 'mess' after master plan ruined [VIDEO] Due to slowing down her royal schedule because of ongoing mobility issues, the two heirs have been increasing their royal calendars. The pair have been stepping in to represent the 96-year-old at various royal engagements. A major event that the Queen was unable to attend this year was the State Opening of Parliament in May. It was only the monarch's third time in her 70-year reign she was absent from the event. The event was attended by both William and Charles and the Queen's Speech was read out by the Queen's eldest son.