Motorists across the country are gearing up for one of the most exciting and eagerly anticipated motoring events on the calendar. The Goodwood Festival of Speed starts on Thursday and promises four days of action-packed drama. The 29th year of the “motoring extravaganza” will see more than 200,000 spectators flock to West Sussex. The motoring enthusiast will be treated to several exciting events and exhibitions. One of those includes a Goodwood first in the form of ‘Electric Avenue’. The feature will showcase all things EV with cars presented by marques from all around the world. READ MORE: Driver fined £100 after parking for 25 minutes This will include well-known hatchbacks as well as electric supercars. Spectators will also be able to enjoy a number of interactive features. The exhibition will show off all the latest EVs as well as those that will be launched in the future. Experts will also be available at hand to answer any burning questions about the state of electric motoring. DON'T MISS The UK’s most fuel-efficient cars named - Mercedes, Volvo, Volkswagen [REVEAL] James Bond supercars up for auction at Goodwood Festival of Speed [INSIGHT] Motorists advised to use fuel-saving trick when at the petrol station [ADVICE] Festival organisers said that they will not reveal the exact details of the exhibition just yet but added that it will involve “city cars, saloons, SUVs, sportscars and hypercars – whatever kind of EV you’re interested in, you’ll be able to see it in Electric Avenue.” The event will also play its part in spreading EV awareness. The organisers said: “The Festival is the greatest celebration of motorsport, automotive culture and future tech there is, and as the UK moves towards a deadline of 2030 for the electrification of all new cars, showcasing and exploring an electric future has never been more important.” Announcing the initiative, The Duke of Richmond said: “The Festival of Speed has always taken a defining position on cutting-edge technology and the future of mobility, and we have long championed electric, connected and autonomous vehicles. “I am delighted that ‘Electric Avenue - The Road to 2030’ presented by Sky Zero will enable visitors to explore the future of mobility for themselves. “I am also immensely grateful to Sky Zero for joining us in this new venture and to our automotive partners for their continued support of the Festival of Speed.” Electric Avenue will be situated between Future Lab presented by bp and the First Glance Paddock. While electric cars might not be everyone’s cup of tea, the same can’t be said about James Bond cars. Motoring enthusiasts will have the chance to get their hands on some of 007's most popular cars at this weekend's Goodwood Festival of Speed. On top of that, the Land Rover Defender SVX from 2015’s Spectre will be on sale. Bonhams will be auctioning off the hypercar to a very lucky car enthusiast over the course of Goodwood. The Land Rover Defender SVX is described as the “big Bowler motorsport-developed, knobbly-tired monster”. Its starring scene sees James Bond being chased down a snowy mountain in Spectre using a plan, in pursuit of his kidnapped love interest Madeleine Swann. Thankfully, the Defender is in a far better condition than the cars seen on screen, after taking a battering by an aircraft. Only 10 of the “bigfoots” were ever produced, with seven surviving the making of the film.