Freeview is changing this week, with popular channels leaving the free TV service and new ones joining it. Earlier this month Freeview announced that its selection of channels would be changing on both Wednesday June 29 and Thursday June 30 with viewers having to retune their TV or box on both days to access the new channels and keep their TV guide up-to-date. If you're wondering what channels are leaving and coming to Freeview, and how to retune your gadgets to access the revised TV guide then this is what you need to know... The 4 Music channel has just been rebranded to E4 Extra while on Thursday June 30 the Horror channel will become Legend. Both the new E4 Extra and Legend channels can be accessed via channel numbers 31 and 41 respectively. Other Freeview channels, however, are being closed entirely or will only be available in certain areas. This is due to massive changes to the Freeview broadcast signal, which is called COM7. Ofcom has decided to switch this signal off to help way make for the latest 5G smartphone technology. As a result, Freeview channels that use this signal are having to make changes to the way they are broadcast, with some having to shut down their services entirely. Channels being closed include BBC News HD, QVC HD and More4+1. You will have to retune your Freeview box or TV on both June 29 and June 30 so your set and TV guide is fully up-to-date. Here is a full list of all the changes happening this week... June 29 changes Channel name changes Previous name: 4 Music - New name: E4 Extra - Channel number 31 Broadcast changes Together TV - Increased coverage - Channel number 83 That’s TV (UK) - Increased coverage - Channel number 91 Quest Red +1- Increased coverage - Channel number 71 BBC FOUR HD - Increased coverage - Channel number 106 CBeebies HD - Increased coverage - Channel number 205 Channel closures or no longer on Freeview Craft Extra - Channel number 95 June 30 changes Channel name changes Previous name: Horror - New name: Legend - Channel number 41 Broadcast changes Now 80’s - Reduction in coverage, now available in Manchester only - Previous channel number 77, new channel number 77 That’s Music - Rebranding to Classic Hits and increasing coverage - Previous channel number 92, new number 91 CBS Drama - Rebranding to Reality Xtra and reduction to coverage - Previous channel number 68, new number 68 Other channel number changes That’s TV (UK)- Previous channel number 91, new number 65 Channel closures or no longer on Freeview Freesports - 65 CBS Justice - 69 More4+1 - 86 PBS America+1 - 87 Forces TV - 96 BBC News HD - 107 QVC HD - 111 QVC Beauty HD - 112 Quest HD - 114 Freeview users will also need to retune their TVs or boxes on both Wednesday June 29 and Thursday June 30. If you haven't done this in a while you may need a reminder on how to do this. Thankfully, Freeview on its website gives a step-by-step guide for how to retune your TV or device. Here's how to do it... - Press menu on your box or TV remote control - Select ‘set-up’, ‘installation’, ‘update’ or a similar option. If you’re asked for a password, the default code is ‘1234’ or ‘0000’. - Select ‘first-time installation’ (sometimes called ‘factory reset’, ‘full retune’ or ‘default settings’). - Press ‘OK’ if your equipment asks if it's OK to delete existing channels and then your retune should start automatically. If you’re prompted to, save the channels that are found. One thing that is important to bear in mind is after retuning you may see your channel favourites and scheduled recordings have been lost, so you'll need to check and reset them. Any recordings you made prior to retuning should still be there though.