Currently, inflation in the UK stands at nine percent and is expected to rise even further in the months ahead. As a result of this, savers are seeing diminishing returns from the money they are placing away in their ISA accounts. Experts are citing that “savers have finally got the memo” regarding the true impact of inflation and turning to alternative investment options. To mitigate the increase in the inflation rate, many saves are opting to use stocks and shares ISAs instead of their cash counterparts. Recent Government statistics show that around 12 million adult ISA accounts were subscribed to in 2020 to 2021. Despite the large number of Britons choosing this savings option, this was down from 13 million in 2019 to 2020. Specifically, the number of cash ISAs subscribed to by savers fell by 1.6 million compared to 2019 to 2020. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum However in comparison, the number subscribing to stocks and shares ISAs rose by around 860,000. The overall share of accounts subscribed to in cash has fallen to 66 percent of accounts, compared to 75 percent in 2019 to 2020. James Andrews, a personal finance expert at Money.co.uk, shared why he believes “no can afford to make the mistake” of investing in cash ISAs during rising inflation. Mr Andrews explained: “Savers have finally got the memo that cash ISAs won’t protect your nest egg from inflation — but the message is still not getting through to everybody.  “While it’s fantastic that armchair investors stampeded into Stocks & Shares ISAs last year, with subscriptions jumping by 860,000, there’s still work to do. “More than eight million people continued to surrender their hard-earned cash to below inflation returns by pouring £36.8billion into Cash ISAs. “Now that inflation is soaring, no one can afford to make that mistake. Meanwhile, those contributing to Stocks & Shares ISAs contributed another £33.9billion but saw the market value of these accounts swell 31 percent to £398.7billion.” Furthermore, the financial expert noted that the stocks and shares have proven to be a more healthy investment option for savers during the cost of living crisis. He added: “Although it doesn’t come without risk, the stock market has proven to be a great place to put your cash and shield it from inflation over the long term. “It’s even truer today, with annual inflation of nine percent ravaging the returns available in savings accounts. Even the best One Year fixed rate bonds currently on the market only pay interest of around -6.5 percent in real terms. That means your £100 would be worth less than £94 in 12 months’ time. “Investing isn’t a replacement for cash savings – given values can fall as well as a rise in the short term and you could get less out than you put in – but, for anyone planning to put their money away for five years or more, the markets have handily beaten returns in traditional accounts far, far more often than not.” Furthermore, he noted that the series of pandemic-era lockdowns and the previous intervention from the Government had led to a saving environment more suitable for stocks and shares ISAs. “The surge of interest in stocks and shares ISAs actually owes a great deal to lockdowns and the Government’s furlough scheme created in 2020,” Mr Andrews said. “While many people did struggle during the first year of the pandemic, plenty of others amassed billions of pounds in accidental savings as foreign holidays, nights out and even commuting to the office were made impossible. “What appears to have happened is that a portion of the workforce who did not usually feel they had enough spare cash to stash away, suddenly had more money in their pocket and did the right thing by putting some aside for the future.”