Pirates of the Caribbean actor Johnny Depp took his ex-wife Amber Heard to court over an article she wrote in the Washington Post which falsely claimed he had abused her. Many viewers thought the BBC has given too much prominence to the case over the past few months, branding the coverage "unjustified". One disgruntled viewer, named Chris Mitchell, lambasted the channel's reporting in a scathing rant aired on Saturday's BBC Breakfast. Appearing via video link, Chris fumed: "Since when has a mucky marriage dispute been newsworthy? "Again and again, we have seen the Depp case on television, and on prime time news, and it really is unacceptable. "Are your journalists and editors in your news office so amateurish that they can't see the wood through the trees, all they can see is Johnny Deep and Hollywood. "Please BBC, get rid of that news item, we've had enough of it." READ MORE: Hunniford in savage Meghan swipe upon Jubilee return  Other viewers took to Twitter to weigh in on the coverage, with Benedict raging: "#BBCBreakfast 23 minutes in and we finally get non-royal news even though it's Depp vs Heard. So no actual news on the news channel today." Alan Taylor, who was referring to Newsnight's coverage of the trial added: "Why why why is #newsnight having an in-depth analysis of Depp v Heard court case? "#BBC news falling for celebrity flipping news (it should've been only a footnote at the end of Newsnight to lead on it is unbelievable)." (sic) However, one viewer @Raptamum, who was invested in the trial added: "The coverage of the Johnny Depp defamation win on #BBCBreakfast was poor, to play only parts of her testimony followed by a short interview about how worried this win makes institutions that support DV survivors suggests that the outcome was flawed, it wasn't AH lied." (sic)   Johnny won his lawsuit against Amber on Wednesday after the jury reached a unanimous verdict. After a six-week trial in which the darkest moments of their marriage were aired to the world, the jury decided Amber was responsible for losing Johnny millions of dollars in earnings with an op-ed she wrote. Johnny has been awarded $10million in compensation and $5million in punitive damages. His ex-wife won $2million back in compensatory damages after winning one of her claims in the countersuit, but $0 in punitive damages. DON'T MISS...Republic boss loses it as BBC host rips claim apart [LATEST]Dan Walker ‘uncomfortable’ and ‘embarrassed’ by large salary [UPDATE]Carol Kirkwood's blunt reply to BBC shake-up claims [INSIGHT] Johnny sued Amber over an article in the Washington Post which was published in 2018. Within the article, the Aquaman actress claimed to have become a figure representing domestic abuse after filing a restraining order against Johnny. While the 58-year-old actor was not named in the op-ed, he believes he was implied as her abuser and said it cost him acting jobs. Johnny was in the UK at the time the verdict was read aloud to the world but a statement from Johnny was issued by his spokesperson.  It read: “Six years ago, my life, the life of my children, the lives of those closest to me, and also, the lives of the people who for many, many years have supported and believed in me were forever changed. All in the blink of an eye. "False, very serious and criminal allegations were levied at me via the media, which triggered an endless barrage of hateful content, although no charges were ever brought against me. “It had already travelled around the world twice within a nanosecond and it had a seismic impact on my life and my career." “And six years later, the jury gave me my life back. I am truly humbled.” BBC Breakfast continues daily at 6am on BBC One. 