With more and more clean air zones (CAZs) being introduced across the UK, motorists will face additional limitations. The zones were designed to help drivers understand that older cars have more impact on the environment. However, not everyone is convinced about them. The issue could also particularly affect elderly drivers who live in areas that are affected by the zones. With that in mind, Express.co.uk spoke to three different experts about the effectiveness of CAZs and their role in providing a better and safer environment. The issue seems to be particularly affecting elderly motorists in London. The capital was the first city in the UK to introduce the zones. READ MORE: Petrol station causes traffic chaos after it offers discounted fuel James Andrews, personal finance expert at Money.co.uk said: “Low Emission Zones have proved effective at improving air quality but they have their opponents. “As London’s Ultra Low Emission Zone expands, pensioners are concerned about the effect a £12.50 a day charge could have on their finances. “A sensible exemption for people living in affected areas, perhaps targeting those on low or fixed incomes, would help.” The expert added: “Man-made air pollution causes over 28,000 deaths in the UK each year. DON'T MISS Boy racers use 'road closed' signs to stage street races [SHOCKING] Drivers urged to follow a little-known rule to save on fuel [ADVICE] Drivers urged to stop using brakes to save fuel and prevent damage [INSIGHT] “In London, which was the first UK city to use emissions zones to tackle air pollution at scale, hundreds of people are admitted to hospital with asthma annually — many of them children. “Improving the air quality in recent years has had a dramatic effect on driving that number down. “Low Emission Zones have proved effective at improving air quality but they have their opponents. Sarah Tooze, Consumer Editor at CarSite, added to Mr Andrews’ comments by saying that while the zones can be a “logistical nightmare” they save lives. She said: “Clean air zones are very useful because they are designed to improve air quality and promote the take-up of less polluting vehicles. “Drivers of older diesel and petrol cars will experience problems with CAZs, because they are usually charged a daily fee to enter the designated clear air zone. “This can impact drivers and local businesses as it is an additional cost that is often unavoidable, especially when coupled with the rising fuel prices. “For businesses which operate in multiple locations, navigating the different rules that apply to each CAZ can be a logistical nightmare. “Some cities charge non-compliant vehicles to enter while others ban non-compliant vehicles meaning that drivers will receive a fixed penalty notice if they enter the zone (as is the case in Glasgow from June 2023).” Adding to the confusion is that different vehicle types apply to different zones. Oxford, for instance, is piloting a zero-emission zone (ZEV) which effectively means that only pure electric vehicles can enter the city centre without paying a charge. For those that do have to pay, the amounts vary. However, according to Neil Greig, Director of Policy and research at IAM RoadSmart, most of the zones use a simple system based on charges for vehicles older than Euro 6 for diesel and Euro 4 for petrol engines. Mr Greig said: “Your engine type is set out in your registration documents, or you can look it up online. “By adopting these standards, it means that only cars older than 2015 are affected. “That’s fine if you have a new car but a real pain if you own a perfectly good seven-year-old car or van. “For those drivers we insist that compensation or scrappage schemes are always made part of any proposed LEZ. “Over time they will bring benefits as more modern cars are cleaner and safer.”