Frenkie de Jong has expressed his desire to play alongside in-demand Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski - though it remains to be seen whether that will be in Barcelona. The Dutch midfielder, who has been the subject of intense transfer links to Manchester United this summer, declared his admiration for the prolific Pole following Netherlands' 2-2 draw with Poland in the Nations League on Saturday.  Despite the fact Lewandowski was rested for the contest, following the full-time whistle, De Jong was spotted holding lengthy discussions with the 33-year-old, who has made clear the fact he wishes to depart Munich in order to fulfil a move to the Nou Camp this summer. De Jong made no secret of his admiration for the striker when pressed on the pair's exchange. When asked whether he had invited Lewandowski to join him at Barcelona, De Jong laughed before telling TVP Sport: "He’s an amazing player, one of the best in the world. It’s up to him." After then being probed on what he thinks the Pole should do this summer, the Dutchman added: "Of course I would like to have him in my team!" However, it remains to seen whether either will be playing their football in Spain next season. JUST IN: Liverpool to 'agree terms' with second star as Reds look to build on Darwin Nunez capture  Lewandowski has made no attempt to hide the fact he wishes to depart the Bundesliga champions after eight years in Bavaria in order to embark on a new challenge. The Pole, who has one year remaining on his current Bayern deal, is understood to be plotting a move to Barcelona, however, matters are somewhat complicated. Any deal to see the striker head to the Nou Camp this summer appear difficult given Barcelona remain embroiled in a crippling financial crisis. Lewandowski's current side Bayern Munich are also reluctant to allow him to leave, though that stance could change should they complete a deal for want-away Liverpool forward Sadio Mane - something which appears increasingly likely. De Jong himself also faces an uncertain future. The 25-year-old is the subject of intense links to United as new Red Devils manager Erik ten Hag eyes a reunion with his former Ajax protege at Old Trafford - a deal which could cost as much as £70million. DON'T MISS...Tottenham boss Conte 'in talks' for £8.5m bargain he can't pass up onMan City boss Guardiola has 'secret pact' with Bernardo Silva amid Barcelona interestTottenham 'in advanced negotiations' to sign Everton ace Richarlison  On Saturday, the midfielder was also put on the spot regarding his own future. When quizzed on whether he would be swapping the sunny climes of Catalunya for cold Manchester, an amused De Jong replied: "No… I can’t say anything!" In order to fund a deal for Lewandowski, it appears likely that the cash-strapped Catalan club would first need to offload one of their stars - potentially De Jong - in order to fund such a move. The Dutchman may need to head to Old Trafford in order to achieve such aspirations of playing alongside Lewandowski amid reports from The Sun that United will turn their attention to the Bayern Munich centre-forward should a move to Barcelona fail to materialise. 