The US intelligence community has made assessing Putin's health a top priority in recent months as it seeks to establish how his physical and mental state could be affecting his handling of the war in Ukraine. According to people who have read the latest Washington report, "the end is near" for the Russian President. Details disclosed to Newsweek by the three officials — one from the office of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI); one a retired Air Force senior officer, and one from the Defence Intelligence Agency (DIA) — echo widespread speculation Putin's behaviour has grown arguably erratic and irrational. One told the outlet: "Putin's grip is strong but no longer absolute. "The jockeying inside the Kremlin has never been more intense during his rule, everyone sensing that the end is near." One told the outlet: "Putin's grip is strong but no longer absolute. "The jockeying inside the Kremlin has never been more intense during his rule, everyone sensing that the end is near." Ukraine LIVE: ‘Sending your soldiers to die!’ Putin faces mutiny The DIA senior official, who asked to remain anonymous, said the leader's isolation, which means fewer in-person encounters than there were in other times, is making it harder for US intelligence to precisely judge his state. He said: "Putin has had few meetings with foreign leaders. "One source of our best intelligence, which is contact with outsiders, largely dried up as a result of the Ukraine war." The DNI leader said: "What we know is that there is an iceberg out there, albeit one covered in fog." The officials said the US assessments also confirm there was an assassination attempt on Putin in March. The Air Force leader warned: "We need to be mindful of the influence of wishful thinking. "We learned —or didn't learn— that lesson the hard way with Osama bin Laden and Saddam Hussein." Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, in the wake of the rumours that Putin suffers from cancer, on Monday denied the President is seriously ill. Speaking to French media TF1, he said: "You know, President Putin appears in public every day. "You can see him on the screens, read his speeches, listen to his speeches. "I don’t think sane people can discern any sort of symptom of disease in this man." DON'T MISS‘Roots in Nazism’ – 19th-century approach’ is Russia's ultimate failure [INSIGHT]Putin religion: Does Russia’s President believe in God? [ANALYSIS]Russia’s ‘five hands’ that could spark nuclear armageddon [EXPLAINER] Cancer is not the only disease linked to Putin. Observers who assure something is wrong with the President have also suggested he has Parkinson's disease or dementia. One of the latest reports of illness came from an anonymous former high-ranking Kremlin military figure whom national media outlet General SVR quoted as saying: "Putin has discussed that he will be undergoing medical procedures. "We know very well that he has cancer, and Parkinson's disease, as we have said many times. "It was possible to contain it for some time, but now the course of the disease is progressing." An earlier assessment by US intelligence agencies cautioned the Kremlin remains what they call a "hard target", meaning it is extremely difficult to penetrate by traditional espionage methods. In a classified briefing for lawmakers on February 28, Avril Haines, the director of national intelligence, said the US intelligence community does not have good insight into Putin's state of mind, a lawmaker who was present told CNN. Meanwhile, a source familiar with recent intelligence reporting warned: "Everything US has [is] in [the] realm of conjecture because Putin's decisions and statements don't seem to be making sense. "For years, decades, Putin has acted according to a pretty specific template."