If buying an electric vehicle was not expensive enough, young drivers must also battle with high insurance premiumsc. Experts at Confused.com have previously revealed EVs with the cheapest insurance premiums for young drivers, and the least expensive price stood at £1,802 a year. Quentin Willson, a former Top Gear presenter and the founder for FairCharge, has been campaigning for the reduction of insurance premiums for young motorists. Mr Willson told Express.co.uk: “That is one of the things we are campaigning for at FairCharge. “The exact people for whom these cars are the most exciting and are the most interesting are the younger generation. “They are tech-savvy whereas older people don’t find them amusing to live with. READ MORE: The ideal mileage to look for when buying a used car “Younger people would just jump into one of them and know how to work the screen because they are like an iPad.“ The TV presenter added: “We need to make sure that the insurance industry knows that young drivers are not the risk they think because most electric car drivers are going to be driving really carefully, they’re going to be harvesting their range.” The expert added that all the data in his possession suggests that EV drivers are less likely to have crashes than combustion car drivers. Mr Willson stressed that the issue needs to be addressed as quickly as possible. DON'T MISS London councils and TfL rack up £1.25million in emission charges [SHOCKING] Drivers warned switching to an EV might not reduce costs [WARNING]Driver slapped with £60 fine for parking in disabled bay [INSIGHT] He added: “Not enough people making these decisions have experience of driving, owning, and charging electric cars. “And, until that happens we are going to get very questionable decisions down the line.” The FairCharge founder also highlighted that it is not just young drivers who are suffering from the high costs of owning an EV. He stressed that low-income families have been refused the opportunity to practice “zero-emission motoring”. READ MORE: London councils support huge ULEZ expansion despite impact on drivers There are only 11 electric vehicles that cost less than £30,000 on the market, at the moment. And, while the number of “semi-affordable” EVs has grown in the last four or five years, more still needs to be done, according to the expert. Mr Willson said: “The £20,000 or the £10,000 electric car may never happen. “But what we could think about is a funding mechanism whereby people, who are on lower incomes, could get some form of subsidised interest-free loan. “This would allow them to drive an electric car for £70 a month or something like that.” He continued: “We need to really think cleverly about how we make it possible for everybody to have zero-emission motoring.“ The former Top Gear presenter stressed that it might not be possible to build a £10,000 electric car because of the costs required to produce a battery. Mr Willson said: “The battery prices are actually going up because of raw material shortages. “They will come down in time, but in the meantime what can we do? “Maybe something similar to what Scotland has done by offering interest-free loan schemes for electric cars.”