Arsenal look set to miss out on Leeds winger Raphinha, who will reportedly move to Chelsea in a £60million deal this summer. The Gunners had been keen to land the Brazil international following his impressive displays in the Premier League. But they will need to turn their attentions elsewhere if they want to bolster their attacking options ahead of the new campaign. And Express Sport takes a look at four wingers they could instead sign for cheaper. Allan Saint-Maximin Allan Saint-Maximin has lit up the Premier League with his pace and dazzling footwork for Newcastle in recent seasons and the very sight of him can send shivers down the spines of even the very best defenders in England. The 25-year-old was the Magpies’ shining light ahead of their takeover last autumn, although he has often been criticised for his lack of end product. According to Transfermarkt, the Frenchman is worth £28.8m. And he could become a star player for Arsenal under the right guidance in north London. Anthony Gordon If the Gunners don’t fancy Saint-Maximin, they could instead pursue Everton youngster Anthony Gordon, who is valued at £18m. The 21-year-old enjoyed a breakthrough season at Goodison Park last time around as he nailed down a regular starting place. Gordon is said to be attracting attention from Tottenham this summer as Antonio Conte prepares his side for Champions League football. But if Arsenal can agree a deal with the Toffees they could well be rewarded for years to come. Cody Gakpo PSV ace Cody Gakpo was in stellar form throughout the last campaign as he bagged an impressive 21 goals and 15 assists in 46 games for his club. His performances helped PSV finish second in the Eredivisie table and lift the Dutch Cup as they battled with Ajax for supremacy. Gakpo, who is said to be worth £27m, has been linked with the likes of Manchester United, Liverpool and Leeds. But a move to the Gunners could help the player find his feet in the Premier League. And Arsenal chiefs may well put forward an offer for him.     Marco Asensio Real Madrid ace Marco Asensio could set the Gunners back £36m if his current employers are willing to let him leave the Bernabeu this summer. The 26-year-old was in and out of the team last season and didn’t make it off the bench in the Champions League final as Real defeated Liverpool 1-0. Asensio, who has racked-up 29 appearances for Spain, has won three Champions League titles during his time in Madrid. And he would certainly add some much-needed experience to the Arsenal ranks if he did make the move to England. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 