Summer's here and it's that time of year where people who have worked hard on their "summer bodies" are perhaps a little fearful that they'll undo all their hard work by over-indulging and enjoying themselves. But it's not all doom and gloom, as one expert likes to remind us. Nutritionist Tabitha Roth revealed one of the most common diet mistakes she's seen people make is counting calories. "We are not a perfect calorie machine!" she exclaimed. "We all need different amounts of energy to keep our weight stable and this also varies from day to day. But she did note it all comes down to certain factors. "It depends on our age, height, weight, gender, lifestyle, and many other factors," she explained to Wallpaper. READ MORE: Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure "Even if two people were the exact same height, weight, and age they may have different calorie needs." Ms Roth went on to discuss how calories from different food and drink sources don't "behave the same" inside the body. "Calories from fat are used completely differently to those from protein or carbohydrates," she noted. "And we need all of them in our diets. "It is more successful to focus on balancing our blood sugar during the day." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] She also revealed that swapping full-fat foods for low-fat variations is another very common mistake made by dieters. And when it comes to enjoying the summer months, she encouraged people wanting to lose weight or maintain their weight to stick to the full-fat choice as it's more likely the "better option". She explained: "A common mistake is replacing full-fat products with low-fat products. "Low-fat products tend to be less flavourful, so often have higher levels of sugar to improve their taste. "But without having the protective fat content for stabilising our blood sugar, this may lead to weight gain." She added: "Full-fat leaves us feeling fuller longer and, if it has fewer added sugars, is usually the better option." Low-fat foods often include high carbohydrates and registered dietitian Courtney Schuchmann, noted that eating low-fat, high-carb foods can increase a person's triglycerides (type of fat found in the blood). "[This] is no better than eating a high-fat diet," she wrote for UChicago Medicine. "Whether you choose a low-fat, high-fat, vegan or vegetarian diet, it’s important to get enough protein. "Without enough protein, you may feel hungry more frequently. "That can be counterproductive for weight loss if it results in increased snacking." She also noted that low-fat diets for weight loss "aren't supported as much anymore". "What we’ve seen in the research is that a high-fat diet can help people feel less hungry, and may be beneficial for heart health," she explained. "With a high-fat, low-carb diet, you normally see a decrease in triglycerides, lower blood pressure and weight loss – all linked to better heart health."