The presentations of cancer are wide-ranging and ill-defined, making early diagnosis difficult. Catching the disease early, however, offers the best chances of survival. According to some health bodies, a gurgling sound in the bowel may signify colon cancer if it is accompanied by other warning signs. The health platform Prime Health Denver (PHD) explains: “Colon cancer can make your tummy gurgle.” “If your stomach growling is accompanied by the following symptoms, you should go to the doctor right away.” The body goes on to list blood in stool, excess gas, nausea, vomiting, heartburn and unintended weight loss as warning signs of colon cancer. While a growling tummy could be symptomatic of cancer, the noises are more commonly linked to hunger, as they typically are louder when the stomach and intestines and empty. READ MORE: Bowel cancer: The 'feeling' after 'opening your bowels' that can signal the deadly disease “If you experience intestinal noises at the same time as other symptoms, like bloating, abdominal pain, diarrhoea, or constipation, it is more likely the rumbling sounds are a result of IBS, food allergies, intestinal blockage, or intestinal infection," adds PHD. “You make have eaten too quickly or at an abnormal time if your stomach growls even when you’re not hungry. “Non-hungry stomach growling can also be a result of anxiety or stress.” Colon cancer occurs when the malignant cells in the bowel acquire the ability to proliferate and multiply. The eventual outcome of this is the formation of tumours, which can continue to grow in size, invading neighbouring tissue. Changes in bowel habits are some of the first physical manifestations to occur with the disease, and these can persist. It isn’t uncommon for patients to notice rectal bleeding or blood in their stool either, which can change the colour of excrements. When bleeding occurs inside the digestive tract it can make stool dark brown, maroon or black, depending on the location of the tumour. Cell growth needs to be regulated for the prevention of cancer, and there are several ways this can be done. Certain foods that contain high amounts of antioxidants can help curtail the growth of tumours. According to WebMD: “Foods such as broccoli, berries and garlic have shown some of the strongest links to cancer prevention. “They’re low in calories and fat and power-packed with phytochemicals and antioxidants that may help reduce your cancer risk.” Other measures include weight management, which could prevent more than 22,000 cases each year. In fact, carrying excess weight can increase the risk of getting 13 types of cancer. “These cancers make up 40 percent of all cancers diagnosed in the United States each year," explains the Centre For Disease Control and Prevention. Finally, cessation of smoking and moderating alcohol intake is important for the prevention of cancer.