There’s no doubt that what we eat has a big impact on our health. There are also certain foods that could benefit your brain. From a type of nuts to leafy green vegetables, there are plenty of snacks and foods that can serve as a memory booster. Dr Amir has shared one snack which was his mum’s “top tip” for getting through revision sessions. He said: “When I was revising for exams which was pretty much all of my life, she used to bring me plates full of almonds. “And I thought that was just an old wives' tale, obviously, I didn’t dare argue with her, I just ate them. “But actually, evidence shows that eating almonds regularly is really good for your brain. READ MORE: Cancer: A ‘violent’ feeling after drinking may signal cancer - ‘a mouthful may be enough “So mama Khan was right, I mean she’s always right.” Considered to be a “brain food”, almonds are able to improve cognitive function and prolong memory. Packed with vitamin E, the little snack is thought to improve your memory. However, more research might be needed to draw a firm conclusion. A study, published in the journal The Brain Research Bulletin, explains that vitamin E is an important antioxidant able to guard your cells from damage linked to oxidative stress.  And the brain is “highly susceptible” to this type of stress, which is also considered to be “a major” contributor to neurodegeneration. However, almonds aren’t the only food that can assist your memory. Dr Amir said: “Eating the right foods is key to your memory as well. “So, we always advise people to eat oily fish to help, not just to improve their health, but their memory.” The TV doctor warned that memory-boosting oily fish isn’t the battered cod that you get from your local chippy. He added: “That isn’t the oily fish we’re talking about, we’re talking about essential oils and omega oils.” Instead, Dr Amir recommended fish packed with omega 3s, which are “really good for your brain”: Other foods that could help are vegetables. Dr Amir said: “Vitamin K1 is really good for your brain as well which is found in broccoli - very trendy right now. “And dark green leafy vegetables - vitamin E - are really good for your brain.” Other foods that could boost your memory are eggs, which are rich in essential nutrients, and dark chocolate. Dr Amir recommended eating small pieces of the rich sweet daily, noting that this snack is “very exciting”. The reason why the treat is so potent are flavonoids which are “great for cognitive function”.