McLaren boss Zak Brown says he expects both McLaren cars to get in the points at the British Grand Prix at Silverstone this weekend. His comments put pressure on Lando Norris and Daniel Ricciardo after they both received no points in the Canadian Grand Prix. British driver Norris has shown his quality in flashes this season, earning a podium in Imola and sitting in a more than respectable seventh in the Drivers' Championship on 50 points. However, Ricciardo has struggled, he remains 35 points behind his team-mate and is stuck in the lowly position of 13th in the WDC. Now, McLaren chief Brown has placed more pressure on the pair telling Sky Sports that he expected to see both the papaya cars in the top 10 this weekend. “We think this track suits our car a little bit more,” the American explained. “The last three races have been tough but our cars take well around here - but when you go to your home race, you tend to raise your game a little bit. I'm not sure why but you just do. And so we're going to be giving it all we've gotten and hopefully, we'll get two cars in the points”. READ MORE: Bernie Ecclestone fires shots at Lewis Hamilton as he slams antics 'It's all b*******!' There had been paddock rumours that McLaren were hoping to move Ricciardo on at the end of the season by exercising a clause to terminate his contract. However, this gossip has cooled in recent weeks particularly after it became clear that potential replacement Pierre Gasly would be remaining with Alpha Tauri. Despite this, Brown was keen to stress how hard Ricciardo and the team were working to turn things around. “We're all working super hard and our relationship with Daniel is great,” the 50-year-old said. “I know there's been quite a bit of noise around some of the commentary where, when all we were doing was being honest. Daniel said the same thing, we're not getting the results that we want - but that doesn't mean we're not trying super hard to give them a better race car. “We need to give both our drivers a car that's capable of getting to the front on a more regular basis.” DON'T MISS: Toto Wolff singled out for Lewis Hamilton woes at Mercedes this year - 'He is responsible' Lewis Hamilton told to 'resign' and avoid 'painful' F1 exit by Sir Jackie Stewart Lewis Hamilton and George Russell set for testing boost due to FIA rule Brown missed last year’s event at Silverstone after suffering from Covid and spoke of his excitement to see fans back at the British track, after not witnessing it since 2019. “It's gonna be awesome. Last year I missed it because of Covid,” Brown added “It's an awesome track. It's an awesome event. The fans are the best. So I'm super excited.”