Lewis Hamilton has disagreed with Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc over the FIA’’s new technical directive addressing porpoising issues. The FIA has said it will set a minimum oscillation limit as a short-term fix. This will ensure teams cannot run cars low to the ground to improve the comfort for drivers. Hamilton was pleased with the new rule change as he claimed safety was important to ensure drivers did not develop back problems. However, Verstappen and Leclerc appeared less impressed with the updates despite the safety risks. Speaking in the drivers' press conference, Hamilton said: “In front of you it's one thing, in the background people say different things, Safety is the most important thing. I think there’s at least one driver in every team who has spoken on it. I don’t think it’s going to change a huge amount. “But I think there’s lots of work that needs to be done and it’s positive the FIA is working towards improving it because we have this car for the next few years. It's not about coping with the bouncing for the next four years, it’s about completely getting rid of it, fixing it so that all of us don’t have back problems." READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton and George Russell could be 'affected' by new rule Sitting next to Hamilton, Verstappen swiped back, claiming changes were “not correct”. The reigning champion explained: “Regardless for me, whether it helps us or works against us, these rule changes in the middle of the year I don’t think it’s correct. “Of course, I understand the safety part of it but if you talk to every engineer in the paddock if you raise your car, you will have less issues anyway. But of course, you're going to try and find the limit of what you can cope with for performance. “I don’t think it’s correct that now they have to intervene and start applying these kinds of rules.” The Dutchman also stressed it could be “very hard” for the FIA to police the checks. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton shakes off back injury concerns with Canada run [INSIGHT]'Stumbling' Hamilton warned Mercedes team-mate Russell is different [COMMENT]Mercedes gives George Russell goal after beating Lewis Hamilton [ANALYSIS] Ferrari star Charles Leclerc also claimed he did not agree with introducing changes to combat porpoising issues. Instead, he claims the onus should be put on teams to develop packages and find solutions rather than relying on the FIA to intervene. Leclerc explained: “I don’t completely agree on my side, it is the team’s responsibility to give me a car that is okay to drive. Up to now I don't have any particular problems with it… on our side we have found solutions to make it better.”