Prime Minister Boris Johnson faces a vote of confidence in his leadership on Monday evening, June 6. Sir Graham Brady, chairman of the 1922 committee, announced that a vote will take place between 6pm and 8pm with a result expected an hour after the vote closes. Sir Brady announced this morning: “The threshold of 15 percent of the parliamentary party seeking a vote of confidence in the leader of the Conservative Party has been exceeded.” The announcement confirms that at least 54 – 15 percent of Tory MPs – have written to Sir Brady. Almost 30 Tory MPs have already publicly called for Mr Johnson to resign. Mr Johnson needs to win the support of 50 percent of MPs – currently, that means a total of 180 MPs – to remain as Tory leader. If he is successful Mr Johnson will be immune from another challenge for a year. If he loses he will forfeit his position as Prime Minister and Conservative Party leader triggering the start of a contest for a new leader. Ahead of the confirmation of a no-confidence vote, Express.co.uk asked readers what they thought of such action. In a poll that ran from 10am on Wednesday, June 1, to midday on Monday, June 6, Express.co.uk asked: “Are the Tories mad to trigger a no-confidence vote against Boris Johnson?” A total of 6,102 people responded with the vast majority – 73 percent (4,458 people) – answering “yes”, the Tories are made to trigger a no-confidence vote. A further 26 percent (1,612 people) said “no” and just one percent (32 people) said they did not know either way. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article with readers sharing their thoughts on a no-confidence vote. One reader, username Beanyboy2802 said: “Getting rid of Boris for Partygate would be a mistake in my view.” Username WhatsYours said: “Would be a grave mistake – only Tory leader who can win the next election.” Another reader, username Bookaire wrote: “Big mistake replacing him.” And username Gezzer said: “If Boris wins a no-confidence vote, he will be in a much stronger position than he is now.” Some noted the challenges Mr Johnson had faced during his time as Prime Minister. Username fpp wrote: “Stop undermining him. Look at the challenges of the past three years and ask yourself if you would have survived.” Another, username bru62 said: “He has had Brexit, the pandemic and a war in Europe to contend with. Who else would you rather be there?” Others commented that they thought Mr Johnson should resign with username Westsussex writing: “Boris has to go.” Username Oldboots said: “Surely if he loses a no-confidence vote he should trigger a General Election, so we can cast our vote of confidence.” And username EnseignantDabrutis said: “The cost of living crisis and Brexit will kill off any Tory chances in 2024. Having Johnson as PM will simply make it worse.” A Downing Street spokesman said: “Tonight is a chance to end months of speculation and allow the government to draw a line and move on, delivering on the people's priorities. “The PM welcomes the opportunity to make his case to MPs and will remind them that when they're united and focused on the issues that matter to voters there is no more formidable political force.”