Good morning and welcome back to Taylor's Tuesday Transfers. It's been yet another manic week in the market but there has been plenty of progress from Premier League clubs including Arsenal, Crystal Palace and Fulham. So without further ado, let's jump straight into it... Gabriel Jesus medical Gabriel Jesus is set to undergo his Arsenal medical today as he puts the finishing touches on his £45million switch from Manchester City. The Gunners finally made the breakthrough for the Brazilian on Friday evening before striking a personal terms agreement with Jesus and his representatives on Sunday. He is understood to have arrived in London on Monday ahead of his proposed move to the Emirates Stadium. Jesus will sign a four-year contract with Arsenal and is expected to lead the line for Mikel Arteta's side next season. Palace make breakthrough for Cheick Doucoure Crystal Palace are in advanced talks with Lens to sign top midfield target Cheick Doucoure. The Eagles have been hot in pursuit of the 22-year-old since the conclusion of the Premier League season after tabling an opening offer in the region of £15m. Lens were not willing to oblige though at that figure and Palace were told they must raise their offer in order to get a deal over the line. In the past few days, they have done exactly that following fresh negotiations between the two clubs. Patrick Vieira's side have tabled an offer worth £18m upfront with an additional £5m in add-ons and there's a sense Lens are ready to accept, although the two clubs are yet to shake hands on a deal. With Doucoure angling for a move to the Premier League, personal terms are not expected to be a problem. The Ligue 1 club are also wary that there is strong interest from elsewhere in fellow central midfielder Seko Fofana. They do not want to lose both players but Doucoure is now heading for the exit door. Talks are set to continue in the coming days with Palace now on course to land their man after a breakthrough in negotiations. Goalkeeper Sam Johnstone has been on holiday and will be officially confirmed as a Palace player on July 1 - when his West Bromwich Albion deal expires. West Ham explore Arnaut Danjuma deal West Ham are interested in a move for Villarreal winger Arnaut Danjuma and the Yellow Submarine ideally need to sell the winger this summer after failing to qualify for the Champions League or Europa League. Sources have confirmed to Express Sport that the Hammers are weighing up a swoop for the Dutchman, although there is nothing concrete to their interest as of yet. Danjuma left Bournemouth for La Liga last summer for £21.3m and he was one of the biggest success stories of the season in Spain, where he netted 16 times in all competitions - including six goals in the Champions League. Express Sport understands the 25-year-old has a release clause worth in the region of £38m (€45m) and that could prove to be a bargain for the Hammers, although they are keen to negotiate a deal at a cheaper price. He is also happy in Spain and won't 'get up and leave' unless the sporting project is 100 percent right. Manchester United and Newcastle are among those to have watched him in action for Villarreal last season. Any move could potentially be dependent on the future of Said Benrahma, who West Ham will reportedly consider offers for this summer. McNeil and Cornet expected to leave Although there has not been much talk surrounding the futures of Dwight McNeil and Maxwel Cornet, both players are expected to depart Burnley this summer. The wide attacking duo, who failed to keep the Clarets in the top-flight last season, could potentially be up for grabs on the cheap as Vincent Kompany continues to redesign Burnley's squad. Nick Pope joined Newcastle last week in a cut-price £10m-£12m move and Turf Moor chiefs are keen to offload some of the club's highest-earners to protect their finances. To date, there has been no takers for McNeil or Cornet but their departures are expected to materialise in the coming months. It is unlikely they will be playing football in the Championship. Ivory Coast international Cornet has attracted Premier League interest after netting nine goals in the top-flight last season following his £12.9m move from Lyon. His Burnley contract is understood to contain a relegation clause worth in the region of £17.5m. Meanwhile, Besiktas are now close to finalising a loan deal to sign striker Wout Weghorst with Burnley insistent on a permanent clause within the agreement. Fulham to finalise Joao Palhinha deal Fulham are set to finalise the signing of Joao Palhinha from Sporting this week in a £15m deal. The midfielder had looked set to join Wolves, who held negotiations with the Portuguese club towards the end of May before the Cottagers swooped in to pounce. They saw an offer accepted by Sporting over a week ago but the player has been on holiday in the Maldives. Now he is expected in London, where he will undergo a medical before signing his contract at Craven Cottage. Marco Silva has been key to Fulham's pursuit of the defensive midfielder, who Wolves were seemingly prepared to lose.