Giovanni Pernice and Rose Ayling-Ellis stole the hearts of the nation on last year's series of Strictly Come Dancing. The couple were crowned the winners of the BBC competition, with the EastEnders actress making history as the show's first-ever deaf contestant. While Giovanni accepts he is under "pressure" after receiving a BAFTA for his famous silent dance routine with Rose, he insisted he tries not to compare his partners. Appearing on Thursday's instalment of Lorraine, host Lorraine Kelly asked the Italian dancer: "How on earth this year on Strictly do you top [last year's dances]?" The Scottish broadcaster added: "There's pressure, there's pressure." Giovanni agreed and replied: "There definitely is pressure, but I tell you what, I don't try and compare any of my partners. "Next year, as you know as a Strictly fan, there is a different story every year. READ MORE: Monty Don stuns fans as he announces change to Gardeners' World  "All you have to do is just go there, get your partner, make them do the best that we can and that's it really. "You can't really compare them as every single person has a different story." Rose and Giovanni shared a close bond during last year's series of Strictly as he taught her how to ballroom dance while she helped him learn sign language. They dazzled the judges and viewers at home with their stellar performances each week and beat John Whaite and Johannes Radebe in the grand finale.   The 31-year-old dancer revealed this year will be the eighth time he has competed in the BBC show. Giovanni has only won the Glitterball Trophy with Rose, but he made it into the final in 2015 with Georgia May Foote, in 2017 with Debbie McGee and again the following year with Faye Tozer. Earlier in the interview, Giovanni opened up to Lorraine about Rose inspiring his upcoming tour. He told Lorraine: "We are using interpreters on my own show because I want to make everybody more inclusive, we have done 11 shows with British Sign Language. DON'T MISS...Rose Ayling-Ellis supports Giovanni following Love Island romance [INSIGHT]Anton Du Beke: Star on supporting wife with 'perverse' condition [STRICTLY]Strictly star Giovanni Pernice on why he can't 'relax' [LATEST] "And the beautiful thing is about this Lorraine, is that I do a meet and greet after my shows. "So there are a lot of deaf people coming to meet me and they say, 'I have not been to the theatre for the past 10 years because I didn't have a chance because they always do like one show a week with the British Sign Language.' "So they are really enjoying the fact they can come and see a dance show." He explained how Rose made him want to make his industry more inclusive.  Giovanni recently paid tribute to the actress on social media and thanked her for having such a positive influence on his life. He penned: "You have given me thousands of reasons to be proud of you. "The way you inspire me and always cheer me up, I am really grateful to have you in my life." Lorraine airs Mondays to Fridays on ITV at 9am. 