"Cold rinses may be invigorating, but they do not make your hair shinier or close the hair cuticle," Anabel Kingsley made clear. "If anything at all, a cold rinse may be bad for your hair." Kingly explained a cold rinse "constricts the blood capillaries in your scalp", which would otherwise carry nutrients to each follicle. Without an adequate supply of nutrients, hair loss can occur – especially if you do not already have a healthy diet. "Being a non-essential tissue, hair is the first to be withheld from and the last to benefit from nutrients you intake," Kingsley cautioned. "In some cases, nutrition alone can be the sole cause of hair loss." For optimum hair growth, health and appearance, Kingsley recommends a diet rich in complete protein, iron, and complex carbohydrates. "Eating at least a 120g portion of protein (one that contains all essential amino acids) at breakfast and lunch is ideal," she said.] READ MORE: Bowel cancer: Study concludes ‘excessive’ intake of a type of vegetable may increase risk  "Examples are: fish, eggs, lean meat, poultry and low-fat cottage cheese. For vegetarians and vegans, tofu, quinoa and nuts are good options." Ferritin, a stored iron, is needed to produce hair cell protein, which is present in red meat. Kingsley recommends eating red meat twice per week, or to take a nutritional supplement containing iron. Whole grains are also crucial for supplying energy to hair strand cells. "Your hair cells need a balance of proteins, complex carbohydrates, iron, vitamins and minerals to function at their best," Kingsley added. "But again, as hair is non-essential, it is often the first part of you to suffer from a deficit – and this makes diet key." Kingsley also suggests taking daily nutritional supplementation formulated specifically for hair cells. The hair specialist advises people to take "PK Tricho Complex", which contains: iron, vitamin C, biotin, vitamin D3, vitamin B12, selenium, zinc, copper and L-lysine and L-methionine. Daily supplementation alongside a healthy diet helps to encourage a healthy growth cycle. "Correct nutrition is incredibly important to the health and growth of all hair textures," she emphasised. Kingsley pointed out that she sees "many" people experiencing hair loss resulting from dietary inadequacies. "Hair loss is never trivial. Our hair forms a major part of our identity and is incredibly important to our mood, self-perception and day-to-day confidence," Kingsley stated. "The health of your scalp [also] plays a vital role in hair growth," she added. "Everything from scalp inflammation and microbial imbalances to genetics and hormonal sensitivities can impact the health of your hair follicles. "Use daily topical products to help stimulate and protect your scalp from both internal and external aggressors." Leave-on topical products "can make a lasting difference to your hair growth cycle, the rate of hair shedding, and the health of your hair follicles". Meanwhile, wash-off formulas – such as shampoos, conditioners, and sprays – "will help with instant aesthetics and breakage". Consultant trichologist Anabel Kingsley works on behalf of the hair clinic Philip Kingsley, who has released their Density range to help slow down hair loss.