Heather Mills recently revealed she met with Vladimir Putin in a bid to stop the mass production of landmines. In 2003, the former model and her then husband Sir Paul McCartney met the Russian leader during their world tour. The 54-year-old explained the reason behind their meeting was part of her charity work as she urged governments to stop mass producing and stockpiling weapons, in an interview last month. Addressing their meeting, she said: “We were travelling around the world touring, I said, ‘let’s do a concert in Russia and try and get a meeting with Putin’, so I could see if he will ratify." Heather had previously received support from then US President Bill Clinton and Princess Diana. The businesswoman and activist met with Putin and had a tour of the Kremlin. READ MORE: Former dominatrix Julia Fox watches Madonna in skimpy leather outfit She went on: “What we needed was China, America and Russia – they were the big manufacturers and distributers of land mines. And setting up a concert meant we got to meet. “In all honesty, my experience was that everything that I asked for happened. And everything that was said was done. “A few years later it was done, and I never had contact again.” Speaking on The Argus Podcast, Heather also addressed the Russian invasion of Ukraine amid the ongoing war.  The mother-of-one said that "both sides are as bad as each other" and neither is "innocent". She said: "Let me make it clear, I’m completely against war. Never, ever do they work. "But a lot of Ukrainian people have terrible medical care, tiny wages and want to be part of Russia. And they should be allowed to be part of Russia. "To have a war is absolutely insane because it creates devastation. But the Ukrainians are not innocent, and neither are the Russians." DON'T MISS... Kirstie Allsopp says show was stopped after Prince William's arrival[LATEST]Countdown legend Carol Vorderman says Boris Johnson must 'go now'[POLITICS]Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen vows to wear 'inappropriate clothing'[ADMISSION] Heather still works on her VBites line, which specialises "in producing delicious foods that are suitable for vegans, vegetarians and anyone wishing to eat yummy tasty food". The product is currently available in over 20 countries, and they boast upwards of 130 products for vegans. Heather was previously married to Paul and they tied the knot in 2002 at a castle in Ireland. The duo went on to have one child together, daughter Beatrice. The pair split in 2006 and Heather was awarded £24.3million following their divorce  - with The Beatles star having a reported fortune of £400 million at the time. Elsewhere, the campaigner was recently spotted in a very retro outfit when she stepped out wearing a white flared trouser suit with a floral detail to meet her pals for dinner on Wednesday. She carried a yellow clutch under her arm. The full episode of The Argus Podcast featuring Heather Mills is available now on Spotify and Apple Podcasts.