Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag had reportedly intended to pursue a new forward, with deals for Frenkie de Jong and Tyrell Malacia close. However, the 52-year-old has now performed a U-turn with the Dutchman targeting a deal for Lisandro Martinez instead. The Argentina international is also wanted by Arsenal, with the Gunners’ pursuit of the player now under threat. Manchester United are confident they’ll land De Jong, even if reports in Catalonia suggested on Wednesday that the 25-year-old wasn’t interested in a move to Old Trafford. And the Red Devils are poised to wrap up the signing of Malacia, with the 22-year-old set to join from Feyenoord having previously looked set to move to Lyon instead. According to The Sun, Ten Hag had been intending to switch his focus to adding to his frontline once Malacia signs. Antony is one player the Dutchman admires, with the 52-year-old aware he needs more competition for the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Jadon Sancho, Marcus Rashford, Anthony Martial and Anthony Elanga. But the Red Devils boss has now decided he wants the club to pursue Martinez instead. Ten Hag signed the 24-year-old for Ajax back in the summer transfer window of 2019, having seen the Argentine impress at Defensa y Justicia. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez And the duo were successful together over in Amsterdam, winning four trophies in three years. United have apparently asked their Eredivisie counterparts to be kept informed of any developments regarding Martinez, with Arsenal lurking. The Gunners have already bid three times for Martinez, with Ajax apparently yet to decide on their latest offer. Martinez reportedly has his heart set on a move to the Premier League, though his current club want a fee in the region of £43million to let him go. Ajax are now poised to wait and see whether United follow up their interest with an official offer for the centre-back, who can also play in midfield. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen Martinez had apparently indicated he was happy to move to Arsenal, who have already snapped up the likes of Fabio Vieira and Gabriel Jesus so far. But he may now end up moving to Old Trafford instead, especially given the influence of Ten Hag behind a potential deal. The report adds that, with Malacia incoming, United are poised to cut two of their current full-backs loose. Alex Telles arrived from Porto with big expectations back in the summer transfer window of 2020, when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was manager. However, the Brazil international has struggled during his time in English football and could be sold to generate more funds for Ten Hag’s transfer kitty. Brandon Williams, meanwhile, was a player tipped for the very top by Solskjaer during his time in the dugout. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team But despite a good loan spell at Norwich City last term, he’s another player who has been deemed surplus to requirements behind the scenes. Meanwhile, former Ajax star Marciano Vink was asked about Martinez’s future last month. And he said: “You never know, of course, but if there are so many economic gains to be made. “Ajax should always focus on the next one. “I think €40m should definitely be negotiable. “I think ]Ben] White is good, and Gabriel is still a bit unpolished. Neither of them are brilliant builders. “He [Martinez] would be brought in for the position of left central defender, and I don’t think they’ll take Gabriel out at Arsenal just like that. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “If they get Martinez, I think they’ll get him for the bench. As a back-up.” He then tipped Martinez to move to La Liga, insisting it would ‘suit him better’ despite interest from United and Arsenal. “Martinez is a very good and tough defender, he also shows it in the Argentine team,” Vink said. “I think the system and the way in which Ajax played and the combination with [Jurrien] Timber made him an even better player. They are two pit-bulls standing there. “He has a very good pass and creates a good build-up. He sees the game well. I only wonder if he is really suitable to play in England. “I’d rather see him in the Spanish league. I think that suits him better.”