Conjuring up images of the swinging sixties, one guest of Antiques Roadshow had brought with her a Biba fashion collection she had gathered when she was younger. BBC antiques expert Judith Miller asked her all about the items before revealing the impressive valuation of around £2,000, which left the owner of clothes gasping and stating: "Goodness gracious!" "Well, this takes me back," Judith remarked. "Biba clothes, what everyone desired in the early 60s and most of the 70s. "I mean it was the pinnacle of being stylish. How did you get them?" The Scottish visitor replied: "Well, the first trace was in the Daily Mirror. "My dad, who was English, used to get the Daily Mirror and then that's where the catalogues were advertised. "So I just loved Biba stuff, so I sent for the catalogues and most of these clothes are from the catalogues." "It must have been quite exciting opening them up," Judith commented. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Triple exit for beloved villagers in tragedy "Oh, it was absolutely fantastic," the owner stated. "It just blew my mind. My colours and everything, so yeah." Judith pointed out: "And in Edinburgh, where nobody..." "Had nothing like it at all, nothing like it," the guest added. "What did people say when you were wearing them?" the broadcaster asked. "'Wow, can I have a loan of that?'" she laughed, before adding a jokey: "No!" "I'm absolutely sure, because we all talked about it," Judith recalled. "I mean, do you remember what sort of money you were paying for them?" "£3.15 and sixpence, " the fashion-lover responded. "It was about the most expensive thing I bought, which was the white blouse." Pointing to one of the items of clothing, she added: "I just loved it so much. "I loved the sleeves, I loved the style, and so I got married in it." DON'T MISS... Bing Crosby unveiled truth about rumoured Sinatra feud before death [VIDEO]Roo Irvine opens up on biggest challenge of new Bargain Hunt role [LATEST]A Place in the Sun's Leah Charles-King talks about 'hardest part'[EXCLUSIVE] "That's brilliant!" Judith replied. "I mean the sleeves are fantastic. I mean that really is the height of Biba style." She added: "By the time they opened the big store in Kensington, I mean, it was the place to go. "I remember my cousin was a school teacher and she said that all of the sixth formers, that's all they would talk about, were going to the store. So, did you get to Kensington?" The guest reflected: "Just the once, yeah, I went with my father and he just sort of said to me, 'Hurry up, go in, buy something and get out again'. "Because he was absolutely mortified, all these hippies and trendy people, so that's when I bought the night dress." Judith eventually got to the all-important valuation. She remarked: "In terms of value, funnily enough, your catalogues are actually worth quite a lot of money." "Oh right, good," smiled the guest as Judith went on: "I think for four of them I would say it's probably £1,200, because they just don't come up anymore, people threw them away, and they're so much of their period. "And I would say, really, looking at it all at say, a specialist auction, we'd be looking at sort of £2,000." "Oh, wow!" the owner exclaimed. "Goodness gracious. They cost me probably about £20." "Very good investment!" Judith replied. "But well done you for keeping them." "I just couldn't throw them away, I just loved them so much," the guest commented. Antiques Roadshow continues on Sunday at 6.15pm on BBC One.