Anthony Joshua and Tyson Fury could be set for a December showdown, according to Eddie Hearn. The Matchroom Boxing promoter is confident the pair will square off before the end of the year, despite The Gypsy King’s recent retirement. “I think you’ll see Joshua-Fury whatever happens, in all honesty,” AJ’s promoter said in an Instagram live video. “But hopefully, we can see it for the undisputed world heavyweight championship in December. Joshua and Fury were in talks to face each other in August last year, but the fight fell through after an arbitration hearing ruled that Fury must face Deontay Wilder for the third time. In the meantime, Joshua was ordered to defend his belts against his WBO mandatory Oleksandr Usyk – a fight which he lost on points, ending all hope of a Joshua vs Fury fight until AJ regains his belts. Joshua's rematch with Usyk for the IBF, WBA, and WBO heavyweight titles looks set to take place from July 23 to mid-August, and AJ will likely have to win the fight if he wants to face Fury this year. According to Hearn, this won’t be a problem for the Watford powerhouse. “Right, I’m telling you now, this is my prediction,” Hearn said in the same Instagram video. “AJ KOs Usyk inside six rounds. There you go. Listen, I rate Usyk, I rate Usyk, but I’m telling you, I believe in Anthony Joshua. I believe he’s going to put this right in the rematch, I really do.” Fury confirmed his retirement after knocking out Dillian Whyte at Wembley Stadium to retain his WBC title in April. But The Gypsy King continues to train twice a day and has verbally agreed to a hybrid boxing bout in 4oz MMA gloves against UFC heavyweight champion Francis Ngannou which will reportedly take place in early 2023. During one of his morning runs Fury took to his Instagram story to share this message: “Morning guys, back on the road again. Been up early this morning doing a few jobs. Lovely little day in the bay, the sun is shining over there somewhere. While everybody is on holiday, we're in the bay grafting because that's how we roll. "Alone again, no training partners today they've all slacked off. Back down to the lone soldier, but here we go don't worry about it."