Yellowstone season five is on the way for the Paramount Network on November 13 and the Western series follows the Dutton family on their ranch which is under threat. Over the years the series has paid tribute to stars who have died. At the end of season two, a title card was made in tribute to Melanie Olmstead. Who is Melanie Olmstead and what happened to her? How did she die? As part of the Yellowstone season two finale, there is a tribute to Melanie Olmstead and fans were keen to find out more about her. Olmstead worked behind the scenes of Yellowstone, as filming crew and transporter for production teams. She died at the age of 50 and had worked in the world of Hollywood film and TV since the year 2000. Olmstead is best known for her work on Yellowstone, for which she was the transportation and location lead. The crew member died in May 2019 but no cause of death has been given since.  READ MORE: Kelly Reilly 2022 net worth: How much is the Yellowstone star worth? She was a huge fan of Yellowstone as she had made clear her love for animals, especially horses, from a young age. She had shared a photo of her own horse, called Mahogany, on her Facebook profile. Olmstead had said: "My love affair with horses started about the time I learned to walk, but I didn’t get my first “just mine” horse until I was an adult. "This beautiful, amazing girl has been with me since college and recently celebrated her 37th birthday—for my non-horsey friends, that’s over 100 in human years—and she’s still doing great!" The crew member was from Salt Lake City in Utah and her friends and family celebrated her life at an event there. READ MORE: Yellowstone's Kelsey Asbille shares 'terrible' part of Monica role Her other credits include Good Joe Bell, Hereditary, Snatchers and Andi Mack. The end of season two of Yellowstone included a title card, recognising those who have contributed to the success of the project. Title cards are often used to pay tribute to those who have died and they recognise how their work will never be forgotten. At the time of the episode's release fans were quick to take to Twitter to ask who Melanie Olmstead was. One fan said: "What was the connection with Melanie Olmstead and tonight's season finale?"  DON'T MISS...Wes Bentley salary: How much does Wes Bentley get paid on Yellowstone? [INSIGHT]Yellowstone prequel star on 'physically uncomfortable' requirement [INTERVIEW] Yellowstone’s Beth star shares real reason she hates Jamie [INSIGHT] Another fan said: "My heart and prayers go out to Melanie Olmstead's family and loved ones, including her Yellowstone family." Some fans believed she was a cast member, but she did not have a role in front of the camera. However, she played an important role behind the scenes, preparing sets and transporting cast, crew and equipment. Olmstead, who was born in 1968, has an IMDb account which references the Yellowstone title card. In the episode called Sins of the Father, the words "In memory of Melanie Olmstead 1968-2019" appeared. READ MORE: Kevin Costner first wife: Who was the Yellowstone star married to? Her most recent work was on the series Good Joe Bell, for which she was a driver. Other credits include Point Break, John Carter, and she was a location assistant for Primary Suspect in 2000. Melanie was raised by her adopted parents Janet Corbridge and Reid Howard. She was born in the same place where Yellowstone is filmed, so her connection with the series goes deeper than some may imagine.  Yellowstone airs on Paramount Network