Earlier this month, Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle crossed the pond for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The couple kept a low-profile throughout the weekend of festivities, and only attended two Jubilee events, before jetting back to the United States. Since their return to their home in Montecito, California, the Duke of Sussex has been spotted playing polo, a sport he used to enjoy back in the UK.  Harry and Meghan stepped down from their senior positions in the Royal Family in 2020, and they have since forged a new life in Santa Barbara with their two children — three-year-old Archie Harrison and one-year-old Lilibet Diana. Their shock exit sent shockwaves throughout the Firm and tensions between the couple and members of the Royal Family have been exacerbated by subsequent media interviews. Most recently, Harry spoke to NBC’s Hoda Kotb during the Invictus Games in April, telling her that his earlier visit to the UK was to ensure the Queen “was protected”. Now, one royal author has claimed that the Duke is going against the values, instilled by the Queen Mother, that lie at the “heart of the Royal Family”. Gareth Russell is a royal expert and historian, whose upcoming book, ‘Do Let's Have Another Drink’, delves into the life of the Queen Mother through new revelations and colourful anecdotes. Speaking on last week’s episode of the To Di For Daily podcast, Mr Russell said: “In many ways, Harry is leading a kind of rebellion against the values of the Queen Mother that still exist at the heart of the Royal Family. “It was the Queen Mother who coined that very famous phrase: ‘Never explain, never complain.’ “She did not give interviews. She really resented giving interviews.” Mr Russell continued to say that the Queen Mother, who died in 2002, would have “never understood a member of the Royal Family wanting to live abroad.” He said: “That is just not something that would have sat with her. That’s not to say that she was right and Harry’s wrong, or vice versa. “I can’t usually speculate, but with Elizabeth’s views on things like that, there is no doubt that she would not have thought that is the right thing to do.” The Platinum Jubilee celebrations marked the first time the Duke and Duchess of Sussex had returned to the UK with their children. DON'T MISS:Queen warned not to mention VERY x-rated industry in talks [INSIGHT]The most unusual royal wedding dresses - including Princess Diana's [ANALYSIS]Sophie stuns in green dress and chic hat with the Queen in Scotland [PICTURES] Meghan and Harry swapped their royal life in Windsor for a glitzy enclave in California, home to A-List celebrities such as Gwyneth Paltrow and Ellen DeGeneres. In his interview with Ms Kotb, Harry stressed that he had settled into his 7.4-acre, nine-bedroom, 16-bathroom estate nicely. He said: “Home for me now, for the time being, is in the States. “We’ve been welcomed with open arms and have such a great community up in Santa Barbara.” However, soon after Harry returned to the States following the Jubilee celebrations, one royal expert claimed that the prince looked “homesick”. Duncan Larcombe, author of ‘Prince Harry: The Inside Story’, told Closer this week that the duke’s "self-imposed exile" may be getting him down. He said: “He seems homesick to me. Harry’s suddenly playing polo again and drinking with his new friends – all things he used to enjoy doing in the UK. “Meghan is cheering him on on the sidelines, helping create this perfect LA life for him to justify what he’s given up in the UK. But something doesn’t seem to sit right. Harry looks unhappy. “He is living out there in self-imposed exile and Harry is a very sociable person. “In his formative years he had lots of friends – including his estranged brother William – and was always spending time with them. “He must sometimes wonder if everything he has given up has been worth it.”