Meghan Markle and Prince Harry shared a photo of their daughter Lilibet yesterday to celebrate her first birthday. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex held an intimate gathering in the grounds of Frogmore Cottage at Windsor on Saturday with birthday cake, balloons, party games and picnic snacks. Express.co.uk spoke to body language expert Judi James about the images - one of which sees Meghan holding Lilibet. Meghan and Harry invited close friends and family to the “intimate backyard party”. The image of Lilibet sitting on the grass was taken by family friend Misan Harriman. He also shared an image of Meghan holding Lilibet alongside his wife, Camilla Holmstroem and their two daughters. Misan went onto post another image of himself on social media with his eldest child. READ MORE: Royal fans in stitches as Lena Tindall slaps down Prince Louis The caption reading: “It was such a privilege to celebrate the 1st birthday of Lilibet with my family and hers! Joy and face painting all around.” A spokesperson for the couple did not name family members who attended the party, but Zara and Mike Tindall are believed to have made an appearance with their three children. Peter Phillips and Autumn Kelly daughters Savannah, 11, and Isla, 10, were also said to be invited. Prince William, Kate, George and Charlotte were in Wales representing the Queen, so it is believed they did not attend. DON'T MISS...Weight loss: Doctor shares ideal eating window to boost weight loss [VIDEO]Best way to store bananas - perfectly yellow and edible for 15 days [HACKS]Menopausal skincare: How to reduce redness and manage hot flushes [EXPERT] Judi provided analysis on the images of Lilibet, and then Meghan and Lilibet as well as the rumoured guest list. She said: “The Jubilee celebrations looked like a very isolating experience for Harry and Meghan as they walked the length of the aisle to be seated away from the family members they had once been so close to. “There was a glimpse of something more like fun when we saw them playing at the window with Princess Anne’s grandchildren and there might have been something more joyous behind the scenes with the Queen. “But otherwise we presented visually with a couple looking emotionally ‘banished’ on what could easily be their last visit together here in the UK.” She commented: “These photos do look therapeutic, with Lilibet clearly enjoying her first birthday, being presented very emphatically in what looks like a very relaxed and natural, un-royal ‘family’ grouping scenario. “The suggestion is that Harry and Meghan have their own friends and family in the US and can share the fun there. “Meghan’s casual, fresh-faced look is a world away from her Palace formals and her excited smile is one that looks identical to the smiles she wore as a young girl. “She is cuddling her daughter to show how precious she is but she is also involving her in a group scenario with another family of small children to suggest Lilibet has her own friends and ‘family’ setting back in the US,” the expert suggested. Royal fans were delighted to see an image of Lilibet. One commented: “Worth the year wait!!!” Another said: “Lilibet is gorgeous.” A third wrote: “She got her daddy’s hair colour and eyes,” and someone else added: “Yes! She looks like a Spencer! Baby Diana!” “Many blessings sent your way on your birthday, Lili!!!” A tweet read.