Manchester United target Frenkie de Jong has been sent a warning by Steve Nicol as Erik ten Hag hopes to land the Dutch midfielder for £60million this summer. The Barcelona midfielder is seen as a priority target at Old Trafford and the United boss is reportedly putting pressure on the board to land his former player. United are looking to pay £60m up front for de Jong, with a further £8m in add-ons while Barcelona are hoping for an up-front fee of £70m. The Red Devils are under pressure to complete their transfer business early, with the Premier League kicking off a week earlier this season and Ten Hag would like to have De Jong in place before United’s pre-season kicks off on July 12. However, ESPN pundit Nicol believes that the Dutch midfielder may not be a good fit at Old Trafford. "Frenkie de Jong would have an impact.” The former Liverpool defender claimed. “Unfortunately, the players that they have right now, he doesn’t fit in what they’ve got. “He’s got to pass the ball to somebody and right now, there’s not too many great options for him to make a difference from defence into attack, they don’t have the type of player he will find who will then take it forward." De Jong would join midfielders Bruno Fernandes, Fred and Scott McTominay at the club, following exits by Paul Pogba, Juan Mata, Jesse Lingard and Nemanja Matic at the end of this month after the expiration of their contracts. A deal for the Dutchman has not been reached and may have suffered a blow as Barcelona could receive a cash injection following two votes at the club’s general assembly on Thursday. Votes were called to give the club permission to sell 49.9 per cent of their Barca Licensing and Merchandising (BLM) arm, and up to 25 per cent of its La Liga TV revenues over the coming years to one or more partners. Both were passed by big majorities and could raise significant funds for the Spanish giant. United icon Gary Neville has also put the club under pressure to complete their transfer business swiftly. He tweeted “I know it’s early in the window but it’s worrying that United are struggling to get business done. The others seem set and ready, yet United can’t get moving. “Erik ten Hag needs this group together ASAP to mould them. Bringing them in late will only make it harder for him! Fingers crossed it happens soon!” Neville’s former side are yet to complete a signing this window, and alongside de Jong hold an interest in Ajax’s Jurrien Timber and Antony.