Dan Walker, 45, hit out at Nick Kyrgios, 27, earlier today after the tennis player came under fire during his Wimbledon first round against Paul Jubb. Nick seemed furious earlier today as he ranted to the umpire just three games into his match against Paul Jubb. The Australian player was left irritated after people could be heard talking between points. He then branded one of the line officials a "snitch" in the second changeover as he continued his rant. Dan took to Twitter to react to a video showing the tennis pro complaining, which he shared in view of his 768,000 followers. Reposting the clip, Dan claimed that Nick did not appear to enjoy playing the sport. READ MORE: Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux The Channel 5 presenter said: “Strange to watch someone with so much talent who doesn’t seem to enjoy what they do. “Maybe he does but just has a funny way of showing it.” Other social media users replied to the broadcaster pointing out that Nick was not the only sportsman to have displayed a furious demeanour. Weldoninhio asked: “You’ve never seen Ronnie O’Sullivan??” Lazer363 added: “Andy Murray is just the same. “But then again always love to see him loose #abe” (sic) During his x-rated tirade to umpire Marija Cicak, Nick appeared to take issue with a spectator. It happened as he sat down on serve at 1-2 in the opening set. DONT MISS:Gary Lineker addresses ‘difficult’ issue working with Alex Scott [INSIGHT]Deborah James ‘proud’ after 'incredible' bowel cancer campaign update [UPDATE]Geri Horner and Christian fly to Glastonbury for extravagant date [LATEST] He said: “You can't f***ing decide to talk to me in the middle of the point when I'm about to do a backhand, It can't be happening bro. "They can watch the tennis but speaking and shouting out in the middle of the point, like why? I don't know where it was.” He then appeared to take aim at an official working the centre service line, complaining about a "snitch". Nick said: "Has one person today come to see her speak? Why is she doing that? "Not one person in the stadium has come to watch her do anything. “I know you've [the umpire] got fans but she's got none. “What -  she just selfishly walks to you in the middle of the game because she's a snitch? Come on now." Nick eventually found himself broken for Paul Jubb to serve for the first set at 5-3 and smashed a ball out of the court, receiving a ball abuse warning.