Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced all households in bands A to D would receive a Council Tax rebate of £150 back in February to help ease the cost of living. However, thousands of people who aren’t eligible for the rebate have been sent the money by mistake. Although around 80 percent of British households are eligible for a Council Tax rebate of £150 to help with energy bills, some residents in bands E to H have received the rebate in error. Some 3,000 residents in Lincolnshire were sent the refund last week but will have to pay it back and have been told it will be automatically deducted in July. It’s not the first time councils have made mistakes processing the rebates - around 33,000 residents in Swale, Kent were affected by an error processing payments in May. Another 25,000 households in Leeds were paid the council tax rebate twice in April, the Mirror reports. READ MORE: PIP: All the freebies you can claim from the DWP to save thousands People who live in bands E to H can still get help paying their energy bills but they will have to apply via the Household Support Fund’s discretionary scheme. Rishi Sunak invested an extra £500million bringing the total funds available to £1.5billion but it’s up to individual councils how they distribute the money. This has led the National Energy Action charity to slam the Government’s response to the cost of living crisis as being unfair and “wholly inadequate”. In a Twitter post, it stated: “The UK Government’s response to the energy crisis has been wholly inadequate so far. DON'T MISSBritons could slash tax bill by ‘up to £1,220’ but thousands miss out [WARNING]Basic rate taxpayers could face higher tax charge - are you affected? [INSIGHT]State pension: Are you one of 770,000 people due £3,300 a year? [ALERT]    It continued: “We’ve got serious concerns about the way the council tax rebate is being implemented. “Councils across the country have their own way of administering the scheme, creating a postcode lottery for struggling households.” These concerns are echoed by some Twitter users. One user, @SueWill1966 wrote: “Has anyone received the £150 council tax rebate yet, or is this just another broken Tory promise?” More than 100 councils across the UK still haven’t confirmed when they will be paying these rebates. Although they have until September to issue the refunds, many Britons will be hoping to receive the money before then. Those who pay their council tax by direct debit will receive it sooner than others, if they haven’t received it already. It should be paid as a separate rebate rather than a discount on someone’s Council Tax bill. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Meanwhile, 22 councils have confirmed they will be making the payment in June including: 