Gleison Bremer wants to leave Torino this summer and says it is "only a matter of time" before he does. Tottenham are interested in signing the Brazilian defender, while Chelsea are claimed to have made an offer to sign him. Both Tottenham and Chelsea are in the market for defenders this summer. Spurs boss Antonio Conte has made it clear he wants to recruit at the back for several months. Chelsea, meanwhile, have lost both Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen at the end of their contracts. Bremer is a target for Inter Milan after a successful season for Torino. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano says the 25-year-old has an agreement over personal terms with Inter. Romano included a quote from Bremer in his tweet, with the player stating he will be leaving Torino and has different options available to him. READ MORE: Christian Eriksen 'makes decision on Man Utd transfer' as Tottenham twist takes place  Bremer told ESPN: "It’s just a matter of time and then I’m gonna leave Torino. I’m considering some proposals, we’ll see." Both Tottenham and Chelsea will be hoping to beat Inter to Bremer's signature. The Mirror claims the centre-back is now a top target for Spurs following the signing of Yves Bissouma from Brighton. However, Chelsea are set to provide competition. Italian outlet Gianluca Di Marzio says the Blues have made an 'important offer' to Torino for the player. DON'T MISSArsenal 'submit second bid for Lisandro Martinez' as Gabriel Jesus offer rejectedChelsea make 'important bid' for Tottenham target to scupper Antonio Conte transfer plansJude Bellingham and four more midfielders Liverpool can sign after Jurgen Klopp call  Torino would allow Bremer to leave the club for a fee of around £34.1million. His contract with the Serie A club expires in 2024. Bremer joined Torino from Brazilian club Atletico Mineiro in 2018 and has made over 100 first-team appearances. But he now looks set to move to a club competing in the Champions League. Chelsea's top defensive target this summer remains Sevilla and France star Jules Kounde. The Blues wanted to sign Kounde last summer but were unable to match Sevilla's asking price.  Thomas Tuchel is yet to make any signings this summer under the new ownership model at Stamford Bridge. He will likely look to sign a striker if Romelu Lukaku leaves after just one year at the club. Meanwhile, Bissouma was Spurs' third signing of the summer. Conte has already brought in goalkeeper Fraser Forster and Croatian star Ivan Perisic on free transfers. Chelsea and Tottenham won't have to wait long before they go head to head in the new Premier League season. Spurs visit Stamford Bridge in the second game of the campaign on August 13.  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here