Mercedes have been sent a message by Pirelli amid Lewis Hamilton and George Russell's struggles this season. The tyre manufacturer produced new 18-inch tyres for 2022 to cooperate with the new car model for this season.  Porpoising has been one of the most significant issues throughout the season, and while the new tyres offer less clearance, Pirelli insist their new design does not contribute to the problem. “I don't think it is a matter of 18-inches or 13-inches,” head of F1 and car racing Mario Isola told Autosport about the issue. “This is an effect that is coming from the cars. “But obviously, maybe with the higher sidewall of the 13-inches, this bouncing effect could have been even more, because you have the sidewall that is much bigger and working as a sort of suspension, much more than the current one. Now the cars are stiffer and the tyres are stiffer, and that is something the teams have to address. “I don't think that 18-inches are making these effects worse. I think it's probably the opposite.” Following the impact porpoising is having, including Hamilton’s back issues after the Azerbaijan Grand Prix, Mercedes have pushed for changes to help the drivers. JUST IN: David Coulthard explains when Lewis Hamilton and George Russell debate can be settled   The FIA issued a technical directive ahead of Canada, stating they would measure cars bouncing to prevent teams from running their car too low to the ground. However, some have rejected the calls for mid-season changes including Red Bull boss Christian Horner who branded the move “unfair”. This prompted Russell to slam the complaints from other teams and claimed they want to prioritise performance over the safety of the drivers, and they switched their opinions on porpoising due to having a competitive car. He said: “There's obviously a lot of mixed agendas here from different teams and drivers. "And we've heard it from Carlos [Sainz] at times, and Checo and Max [Verstappen] earlier in the season, how bad it's been. But now their performance seems to be strong, they obviously don't want changes because it can only hinder them. So it is obviously a bit of a shame to see performance prioritised over safety. DON'T MISS "But you know, there's no doubt in Baku, I could see my pit board, but I couldn't read my pit board because I was bouncing around so much." He added: "You know, we're all competitive animals here in this sport, and we all want to win but we can't put our bodies at risk before any of that." Hamilton also suggested drivers had switched opinions on porpoising throughout the season but stressed safety was the “most important thing”. Speaking ahead of the Canadian Grand Prix, he said: “Yeah, I mean, it was always interesting seeing people's perspectives and opinions in different lights. Obviously in front of you it's one thing and another in the background, sometimes people say different things.” 