  Rylan Clark, 33, has spoken about starting a new chapter after he "completely lost six months of his life" following his split from estranged husband Dan Neal. In an interview with Express.co.uk, the Celebrity Gogglebox star discussed the exciting things he has planned for the future after his tumultuous time.      The Strictly: It Takes Two star has previously been brave in his candid discussions about the tough time he experienced when his marriage ended after six years. The Eurovision presenter had a very public split from husband Dan last year, which had a significant impact on him mentally. However, it seems since that time, Rylan is feeling more positive about his future. The presenter started his career ten years ago on the ninth series of The X Factor, and has recently revealed he will be releasing a book entitled 10 to celebrate a decade of working in the showbiz industry. READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning     When asked about what was next, the star replied: “Quite a lot actually, a lot personal and a lot public. “Yeah, a new start personally and a new start professionally. I'm ready!” Rylan and Dan met through Big Brother back in 2013, with the former going on to win the series. When the pair parted ways, the star admitted that he had become very ill and lost weight, retreating from the spotlight for months due to his health struggles.       Quizzed about that period, the presenter gave an honest insight into how he had been feeling. “I never thought I'd be one of those people, but I completely lost six months of my life, genuinely,” he admitted. In the interview, Rylan also suggested that his honesty under the public eye has helped him keep his career going, despite the fact that being under the spotlight has sometimes been tough on his mental health. Speaking about his knack for being open with the public, Rylan said: “I think that's part of why I'm still here 10 years on. READ MORE... Jennie Bond, 71, leaves fans stunned with unexpected bikini snap [LATEST] Piers Morgan reacts as ‘Aunty Meghan’ tweet sparks 'woke fan' fury [UPDATE] Kirstie Allsopp blasts commentator for 'clearly loathing' Royal Family [INSIGHT]      “I've always been honest. I've been honest with the public, I've been honest with my family, I’ve been honest with my relationship. “I have had a lot of support from the public,” he added. “It was also one of the things that contributed to me not feeling great, being who I was. “And then being put in a position to say something that wasn't necessarily true, being so ill.”      Rylan is appearing on Celebrity Gogglebox tonight with his mum Linda. The pair are fan favourites, and are making their return after being absent from the third series in 2021. Celebrity Gogglebox airs tonight at 9pm on Channel 4. Rylan opened up to Express.co.uk about his marriage and future projects at the Boots No7 Pro Derm scan launch party.   