Alex Jones didn't have the smoothest evening on The One Show as she was shown a reel of clips where she fluffed her lines before almost falling off her seat in the BBC newsroom. Alex joked her blunders would lead to her being fired from her presenting role on the magazine show. "I am here everybody," Alex exclaimed as she walked into the new BBC newsroom and went to take a seat opposite Huw Edwards. "Hello Huw," she said before almost falling off her seat and shrieking in shock. "Ohhh, sorry! Sorry! Oh gosh!" Huw burst out laughing as he warned Alex: "Can I just tell you that's not going to happen to any of my guests at 10." "What do you mean? I'm your new co-host," Alex hit back. READ MORE:Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser Huw replied: "You are the first guest and you've come in with a bit of a splash I'd say but this is all about being modern. "It's all about making a better programme and all about telling stories in a different way and we've got lots of things in this studio I want to show you, which will prove it's not as simple as some people think it is." Alex exclaimed: "So we're having the guided tour then!" "Come on then," Huw declared before they started to walk around the studio.  "Can I just say please be careful where you step. Watch this step here. "We don't want any drama." As she looked around, Alex suggested: "You could do a showbiz entrance down the steps every night." "I think that's on the cards," Huw explained. "Look there's some railway tracks." DON'T MISS...Doctor Who confirms Neil Patrick Harris to join BBC series [LATEST]Clive Myrie admits 'we do cock it up at BBC' [INSIGHT]Max Bowden children: Is EastEnders' Ben Mitchell star a dad? [UPDATE]  The hilarious moment came after Alex joked she would be fired from The One Show after making so many blunders. At the start of the show, guest Bel Powley admitted she was worried about working with Jennifer Aniston in case she accidentally called her Rachel. "That happens to the best of us doesn't it Al?" Jermaine asked his co-host. "You know what, run the tape." BBC viewers then witnessed a numbner of clips which saw Alex fluff her lines.  First up she called Shaun Williamson Barry as she confused the actor with his EastEnders character. The next clip saw her trying to say Nick Robinson but instead she came out with: "Rick Nobinson, sorry.. Nick." She also struggled with Joss Stone's name and Seth Rogen's name. "Oh my gosh, I am so going to get fired," Alex said looking sheepish over the number of blunders. The One Show airs weekdays on BBC One at 7pm.  