Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge recently viewed their first official joint portrait as a future King and Queen during a visit to Cambridge's Fitzwilliam Museum. Kate opted for an elegant emerald dress and pearl earrings for the poignant artwork, but it was her stunning brooch that piqued people's interests. Kate wore the Duchess of Cambridge brooch for the very first time especially for the portrait, which was commissioned as a gift to the people of Cambridgeshire. The Duchess of Cambridge brooch, which has been passed down the royal generations, features a large central pearl and is surrounded by stunning diamonds. One famous wearer was the Queen's beloved grandmother, Queen Mary, who famously transformed many gems into the magnificent tiaras the Queen and other royals still wear today. Jewellery expert Maxwell Stone of Steven Stone said: "Not only is the Queen's Duchess of Cambridge brooch one of the most valuable brooches in her collection, but it's also one of the most historic as it originally belonged to Princess Augusta of Hesse-Kassel, the wife of Prince Adolphus, who was the Duke of Cambridge in the 1800s.  READ MORE: Queen still 'adores' Prince Harry as friend speaks out "Now in possession of the Queen, there's a lot of sentimentality surrounding the brooch as Queen Mary wore it to her granddaughter’s (Princess Elizabeth) christening. "The Queen has worn it in portraits released to mark her 50th birthday, as well as at the funeral of Lord Mountbatten in 1979." Around 200 years ago, the brooch was believed to have started life as a creation of the beloved royal jeweller of the time, Garrard. The brooch is clearly incredibly special to the Queen and now Kate, but should the Royal Family ever part with it, it is likely to be worth a staggering sum.  Mr Stone added: "The gorgeous brooch features a large central pearl, surrounded by a ring of diamonds. "Hanging from the cluster is another pearl which is connected by a string of even more diamonds." Mr Stone added: "I'd estimate its value to be £80,000."  Kate also paid tribute to another famous royal, her late mother-in-law Princess Diana, with her jewellery choices in the portrait. DON'T MISS:The most unusual hairstyles you might have missed from Queen [INSIGHT]Expert pinpoints Kate's two signature moves [ANALYSIS]The best pictures of Kate Middleton at Wimbledon over the years [PICTURES] Kate wore the Collingwood pearl earrings that Diana received as a wedding gift in 1981, along with the three-strand pearl bracelet that Diana favoured. For her outfit, Kate re-wore a green dress from fashion brand The Vampire's Wife which she previously wore during a trip to Ireland in 2020. She paired the dress with striking green buckled pumps believed to be Manolo Blahnik's 'Hangisi' design. The same shoes were famously worn by the TV character Carrie Bradshaw in the Sex and the City movie, making Kate's a modern addition to a traditional royal portrait. 