A study carried out by the PA news agency found that four in 10 elderly drivers involved in a road traffic collision failed to look properly. The research analysed the data obtained by the Department for Transport (DfT). The study found that older drivers are more likely to have failed to look compared to motorists of all other ages. The analysis of the DfT data showed that the mistake contributes to 42.6 percent of collisions involving drivers over the age of 70. The figure stands at 35.7 percent for all other ages. The research added that elderly drivers are more likely to cause a crash because they fail to judge another road user’s speed or path, they have an illness or a disability, they are dazzled by sunlight or are nervous, and they are uncertain about parking. READ MORE: Petrol stations reveal the ‘shocking’ amount of money they make Commenting on the data, the RAC Foundation said that the figures provide a “strong case” for requiring older drivers to have their eyes tested. Steve Gooding, director of the RAC Foundation, said: “It seems that as a nation we are getting older and with age comes the challenge of preserving our mobility, independence and quality of life. “As our faculties decline, we owe it to ourselves and other road users to routinely assess our own competence to drive. “We are not convinced of the need for mandatory re-testing, but there is a strong case for requiring all drivers to have their eyes tested, ideally linked to the renewal of photo ID driving licences. DON'T MISS Cheapest places to buy petrol and diesel [REVEAL]Best hybrid car to go for if drivers want to save on fuel [INSIGHT] Cyclist only gets a warning after jumping a red light [SHOCKING] “The worst thing a driver can do is ignore a medical condition that might impact their ability to drive. “With the right treatment, many conditions are manageable and mean people can safely and legally keep their keys rather than being forced off the road.” However, the research also showed that elderly drivers are less likely to be careless or reckless. Additionally, older motorists do not tend to speed or drink drive. Separate DfT statistics showed that the number of people aged 70 and over who hold a full driving licence reached a record 5.8 million in February. This marks a 29 percent increase on the total of 4.5 million in March 2016. As of yet, drivers are not subjected to mandatory tests after obtaining their licence, no matter how old they become. Licences must be renewed every three years once the holder reaches 70, compared with every 10 years up to that point. But motorists are required to inform the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) if their health deteriorates to the extent they are no longer fit to drive. Mr Goodwin added: “Allowing older drivers to remain mobile is critical to their mental and physical wellbeing, but so is safety. “A system which helps people address their shortcomings rather than simply penalises them could help maintain this balance. “Most older drivers are very safe and self-regulate their driving, avoiding travelling at night or during rush hour, for example. “But any encouragement we can all be given to reassess our ability to drive safely should be welcomed, not just after an incident but throughout our driving lives.”