Liverpool have been warned that letting Sadio Mane leave for Bayern Munich will cost them the Premier League title next season. Former Aston Villa striker Gabby Agbonlahor has claimed that the Reds will struggle to keep pace with an improving Manchester City if they let their Senegalese forward leave the club. Mane has been strongly linked with a move to the German giant, as he and team-mate Mohamed Salah both have just one year left on their contracts at Anfield. Agbonlahor believes it will be a costly blow to Liverpool if Mane does leave the club this summer. It is thought Jurgen Klopp is willing to let the winger leave if Bayern meet their demands and pay around £40million for him. He told talkSPORT: “Liverpool allowing Mane to go next season will cost them the title. [Erling] Haaland is signing for Manchester City, they are becoming stronger. “You are going to let Mane leave? Yes, you have got [Luis] Diaz and [Diogo] Jota but they are going to get Mane’s numbers. Mane is a goalscorer, the threat he gives Liverpool going in behind, making unselfish runs.” When asked if Agbonlahor thought that Mane was more important than Salah, he replied: “Not more important, both are as important as each other. Salah they can’t lose, Mane they can’t lose. Yes, Liverpool have always had good recruitment bringing in players but the numbers that Mane gets, the threat that he gives opposition defenders, that helps free up more space for Salah. “For me first and foremost Mane leaving is ridiculous, and I don’t blame both of them, Mane and Salah. The numbers they are getting year in, year out, they want paying what they deserve. “If they are seeing Haaland getting £400,000(a-week), [Kevin] De Bruyne £350,000, they are saying to their agents ‘I want exactly what they are getting’, Salah is top goalscorer every season, so ‘Pay me what I deserve or I will leave’. It doesn’t matter if people are like ‘£250,000 is enough, you’re fine on that’, players want paying what they deserve.” Liverpool have reportedly received a first offer for Mane from Bayern Munich, as the German side have looked to the Africa Cup of Nations champion as their preferred replacement for Robert Lewandowski. However Liverpool do have five wingers on their radar as possible replacements for Mane, and the club have previously outlined two conditions that need to be met for them to sanction a sale for Mane. Ahead of Liverpool’s Champions League final defeat to Real Madrid, Mane teased that his future could lie away from Anfield. He told reporters: “Honestly, the answer I can give you now is I feel very good, and I am fully focused on Saturday’s game. That is the answer I must give before the final. But come back to me on Saturday and I will give you the best answer you want to hear, for sure. It’s special. I will give you all you want to hear then.”