Loose Women panellist Janet Street-Porter called out co-star Denise Welch after she made a shocking admission. The ladies discussed the current petition for a city in Spain to start finding people who urinate in the sea. As they discussed whether they had done the same in the past, Denise went one step further and admitted to urinating in a swimming pool, disgusting her co-stars. Ruth Langsford kicked off the conversation and explained: "Now I am going to ask you a question, have you ever wee'ed in the sea? "If the answer is yes, then you might want to strike Spain off of your holiday list because authorities there want to fine swimmers £645 if they pee in the sea. "I'll go first. I have peed in the sea," she admitted. Denise agreed and exclaimed: "I have peed in the sea," followed by Janet, who held up her hand and nodded her head in agreement. READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen Brenda Edwards was sat at the end of the panel, shaking her head in disgust, to which she revealed: "Absolutely not. "I just don't think it is right. I think it is quite nasty, actually - sorry." Pressing on Brenda's disgust, Ruth pushed: "I don't always believe people when they say they haven't wee'ed in the pool." Interrupting Ruth, Brenda quipped: "You can, believe me, I haven't been in no sea, nothing!" Denise then revealed her experiences of urinating in public spaces, where she revealed: "The thing is I have gone into the sea to have a wee. "Not just while I am in the sea, because I am not a great sea lover," Denise went on which left Brenda shocked: "So you have literally gone in the sea to do that?" "Well, yes," Denise laughed. "Because there are never any toilets anywhere, or they are always locked. "How are they going to man it? Are they going to put a purple dye in the sea? I have wee'ed in a swimming pool before and I don't mind anyone knowing." DON'T MISS...Denise Welch causes stir with Rebekah Vardy comparison pic [LATEST]Ruth Langsford speaks out on feud with Loose Women co-stars [INSIGHT]Denise Welch slams backlash from Loose Women viewers ‘Shut up!' [MORE] The ladies were disgusted by her admission, to which Janet sneered: "That is repulsive!" Defending her actions, she explained: "No, I have wee'ed in a swimming pool because I was in with my child and I can't remember what was happening. "But I was so desperate to go, and I couldn't get him out of the pool, but it was his fault." Janet joked: "I am so glad Denise is not my mother." During Tuesday's episode, the ladies also discussed whether they had become less brave in later life and if they had a fear of falling. Janet explained: "Yeah, I have had my fair share of falling over on camera. I remember I did a walking series, I went through the forest in the rain and was moaning all the way. "As I turned to the guy, I shouted, 'Well, where is the top', and as I said it, I fell over the edge!" She added: "But as I have gotten older, there are things that I never want to do, I have tried in my life to do things I have never done before, but now I have made a not-to-do list." Loose Women airs weekdays from 12:30pm on ITV.