Sergio Perez is no longer a ‘number two driver’ at Red Bull after his victory at the Monaco Grand Prix, according to former British F1 star Alan McNish. The ex-Toyota F1 driver said Perez’s form means Perez is earning equal footing with Max Verstappen at the team. This could give boss Christian Horner a ‘headache’ says McNish as both drivers will be desperate to win the world championship instead of the team being able to favour one. McNish claims this could be good for the team in their fight for the title against Ferrari. However, it means Verstappen may not enjoy the benefit of team orders like at the Spanish Grand Prix where Perez was ordered to let the reigning champion through. McNish explained: “[Perez] drove a really good race and put himself into the position, when Ferrari maybe didn’t get their strategy right, that he was ready to take it. “But probably the thing for me over the weekend, he was quicker than Max Verstappen. Consistently quicker than Max. READ MORE: Red Bull 'rueing' not switching Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez “Being quicker than Max anytime is pretty tough, being quicker than Max here is very tough. I think he’s put himself into a position where within Red Bull he’s not a number two. “He’s coming to be a number one-ish. That's something that’s very good for [Red Bull] because they have two strong men to fight against Ferrari." McNish added: “It brings him 15 points from the lead of the world championship now. It certainly gives Christian Horner a bit of a positive headache. I would say it's a luxurious problem to have. There are a lot of teams who would like to be in that position.” DON'T MISSMax Verstappen given Sergio Perez advice as Red Bull dynamic shifts [INSIGHT]Red Bull set for major disagreement with Max Verstappen's dad [ANALYSIS]Christian Horner explains Sergio Perez's 'no-brainer' Red Bull deal [COMMENT] Horner has recently warned Perez was getting ‘a lot closer’ to Verstappen on pure pace. After Spain, the Red Bull boss denied Perez was the number two driver at the team. The Mexican was rewarded with a new contract after his Monaco win which will keep him at the team until the end of the 2024 season. After the deal was struck, Horner claimed Perez was now a ‘force to be reckoned with’ at the front end of the grid and described his new contract as a ‘no brainer’. He said: “Time and again he has proved himself to not only be a magnificent team player but as his level of comfort has grown he has become a real force to be reckoned with at the sharp end of the grid. "For us, holding onto his pace, race craft and experience was a no-brainer and we are delighted that Checo will continue to race for the team until 2024. In partnership with Max we believe we have a driver pairing that can bring us the biggest prizes in F1."