Prince Harry revealed his feelings for his father Prince Charles and brother Prince William in several bombshell TV interviews in recent years, prompting many royal fans to fear the worst for his relationship with the two future kings. But despite their on-screen banter and happy demeanours when out and about together, one commentator has claimed William and Harry were never as close as people thought they were. Royal biographer Ingrid Seward told the Mirror: "Despite appearing to do so, the two boys never got along particularly well. They sat together for TV interviews on their joint causes joshing with each other but they were never very good friends." Many hoped the Platinum Jubilee, which saw Harry and Meghan Markle spend time with the Royal Family publicly for the first time in more than two years, would provide an opportunity for reconciliation between the two brothers. But reports indicated the brothers didn't spend much time together while William completed a packed weekend of engagements with Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and their three children. The Sussexes also only publicly appeared at one event, the Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral, opting to miss out on the Platinum Party and the final Pageant with other members of the Royal Family. As William celebrated his 40th birthday this week, he made clear he is focused on his royal work tackling homelessness, mental health support and the environment. And according to Ms Seward, William's relationship with his brother isn't his top priority at the moment.  READ MORE: Zara Tindall’s husband Mike spills beans about ‘lovely’ Father’s Day She added: "Kate went a long way to encourage their relationship and although William has always looked out for Harry, he feels at the moment there is nothing more he can do. Instead, he is concentrating on what he knows he can achieve rather than wasting time on things he can’t change. "He knows what’s in store for him and he knows how tough it is but with the help of Kate and support from his father the Prince of Wales, he remains positive and optimistic about his future." The cracks began to show in the Sussexes' relationship with the Cambridges quite early on, a few months before Harry and Meghan's wedding even. The 'Fab Four', as they were dubbed by the media, appeared slightly strained on stage at their first official event, the Royal Foundation Forum.  Jokes were made that disagreements between the four of them came “so thick and fast” that it was hard to keep track. Harry also quipped that working with family "does have its challenges… But we are stuck together for the rest of our lives.” Rumours of a rift were enflamed further when Harry told ITV News' Tom Bradby that he and his brother were "on different paths" during a royal tour of South Africa in 2019. Harry and Meghan would leave the Royal Family a few months later. Then the full extent of Harry and Meghan's feelings for their fellow royals and the institution they left were laid bare in a high-profile interview with US TV host Oprah Winfrey in March 2020. The Sussexes alleged remarks had been made about how dark their son Archie's skin would be before he was born and that Meghan was not offered help for her mental health struggles as a working royal. On his relationship with his brother, Harry stated that he loved William "to bits" and that they had "been through hell together". But he reiterated that they were "on different paths". The public outcry over the interview was enough to prompt a response from William, who tends to follow the royal mantra of 'never complain, never explain' that the Queen has made famous. When questioned by a reporter the day after the interview aired, he said: "We are very much not a racist family." And when asked if he had spoken to his brother yet, the Duke replied: "No, I haven't spoken to him yet but I will do." 