The hit sci-fi drama has finally returned to Netflix for its highly anticipated fourth season following the Hawkins’ gang battle beneath the Starcourt Mall. Now the small town is under attack from yet another interdimensional threat, some Stranger Things fans may be wondering how the series lines up with the additional spin-offs they’ve been devouring between seasons. The fourth season of Stranger Things has completely upended the extended canon presented by the show’s supplementary comic books. In the comic Stranger Things: SIX by Jody Houser, Francine/Six is introduced as another test subject being tortured by Dr Martin Brenner (played by Matthew Modine) before the events of the series. Francine is sadly killed during an attempted escape from Hawkins Lab in 1978 before having the chance to meet up with Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) and the rest of the gang. Sadly for fans of the additional material, the official narrative of Stranger Things season four has rendered the spin-off story non-canon to the overall story. READ MORE: ‘I wasn't a big fan’ Outlander's Caitriona Balfe speaks on key change In revealing footage from the new season, Brenner is seen testing out the abilities of several subjects in Hawkins Lab. He challenges the human guinea pigs to a telekinetic battle and calls forward two opponents: Two and Six. While some particularly devoted fans may have been expecting Six from the comics to make an appearance, this version of the character is male and bears no resemblance whatsoever to Francine. Some have speculated the designated numerical names could be re-used if a subject is dismissed or dies. However, for others, this was a completely needless change which only served to complicate the already mysterious and confusing world of the Stranger Things universe. Fans have already spotted a number of inconsistencies since the new episodes were released last week, with some taking to Reddit to highlight the mistakes. User Stunning_Wrap_5295 posted: “I noticed that there are now way more numbered children shown besides 11 and 8. However, they all seem to have just the same power as 11. “Some of the numbers known from the comics are clearly mentioned, such as Six and Three, which were known before for heat control and creating trust [and so on]. Now, well, they have the same power as Eleven. DON'T MISS:Young Sheldon: Replacing Jim Parsons ‘didn’t seem possible’ [INSIGHT]Joanna Lumley denies royal drama will overshadow Jubilee [OPINION]The Blacklist season 9 dealt blow with record-low ratings [LATEST] “This circumstance is also making Eight very special now because she seems to be the only one with an odd power in the series.” The second season of Stranger Things introduced Eleven to Kali Prasad, aka Eight (Linnea Berthelsen), who had the ability to cast mental illusions. Now, the young subjects all seem to have similar powers - a direct contradiction to SIX and many other spin-off comic books. FindingPawnee replied: “I think the comics and novels can be considered a soft canon since the Duffers aren’t involved in the writing of them. “Until they’re contradicted in the show, you can consider them canon. But the comic about Six is basically non-canon at this point since season four contradicts it.” Stranger Things season 4, part 1 is available to stream on Netflix. Part 2 will be released on Friday, July 1.