Sarah Brown, alongside her partner Stephen and five children, were expecting the latest instalment of their PIP claim to be in her bank account by June 1. However, the DWP informed Ms Brown that there had been an issue with the payment and it had been recalled. As a result, the family did not have any money over the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend to spend on days out or even essential utilities, such as gas and electricity. PIP is a benefit payment administered by the DWP to help people with the extra living costs that arise from having a specific health condition or disability. It is split into two parts: a daily living component and mobility component which are paid at different rates depending on the severity of someone’s condition. Speaking to LancsLive, Ms Brown shared how and when she was expecting to receive PIP for the month of June. The 33-year old said: “I'm on Personal Independence Payments and I get paid four weekly and the payment was due on the third. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum “They told me I'd be paid on the first because of the bank holiday so I would get it early. I looked in my bank to see if it had definitely gone in and it hadn't. “I phoned the DWP, I phoned four times that day and they all said different things.” Due to the DWP’s decision, the family could not top-up their smart meter which they use to pay their gas and electricity bills. A consequence of this was that Ms Brown’s family couldn't shower for several days and both she and Stephen missed meals to make sure their children had enough to eat. On top of this, Sarah was forced to wrap her baby in clothes when putting her to sleep in their cot so she would not get cold during the night. She added: “They said there was nothing they can do about it until they sort the payment. "So I said you're going to see me stuck with five children and an eight-month-old baby with no gas, no electricity. The was my shopping and my gas.” With the PIP payment no longer coming in, Ms Brown resorted to appealing to friends and family on Facebook for support in a bid to pay for gas, electricity and food.  The mum of five said the DWP’s decision to postpone her PIP claim led her to “begging”. Sarah explained: “It’s not my error, it’s their error. We were so stuck. All the food banks were shut. We hadn’t had a bath or shower since Tuesday. “We put money on the meter but that went into debt on the gas. We had no food, we had bread and butter. “We were finding things in the cupboard like tins to try and make something. I felt like I was begging. “To put an appeal out on Facebook was quite embarrassing. All that wasn't my fault and on day four we managed to get a shower this morning.” Speaking to LancLive, a DWP spokesperson said: “Due to a change in her circumstances, Ms Brown’s PIP payment amount has recently changed. “In order to prevent an overpayment Ms Brown’s latest PIP payment was recalled. We apologise for any inconvenience caused. “Ms Brown has now been paid her PIP award in full and her monthly Universal Credit payment was unaffected.” Details on how to apply for PIP can be found on the gov.uk website.