Meghan Markle and Prince Harry married four years ago, but their wedding still makes headlines to this day. According to new research by DC Jewellery, the most popular royal wedding with 2,579,200 Google searches is the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s nuptials. A spokesperson from DC Jewellery said: “The most popular celebrity wedding, with a total of 2,579,200 Google searches since 2018, was Meghan Markle and Prince Harry.  “The pair is a celebrity power couple with the marriage attracting interest not just from the States and the UK, but all across the globe. “Meghan Markle’s wedding dress was also custom made, which took a whopping 3,900 hours to make!” Kate Middleton and Prince William came in second for royal weddings with 1,050,600 searches. The Duchess of Cambridge’s parents spent an estimated £334,180 on their daughter’s wedding dress when she married Prince William in 2011.  Kate’s dress is still one of the most talked-about today, and her train was nearly nine-feet-long. Her little sister Pippa Middleton followed in third place in the study with 701,300 searches. Although not technically a royal wedding, Pippa’s wedding had plenty of royal guests including the future King as her page boy, Prince George. A spokesperson from Design Bundles recently spoke to Express.co.uk about the sustained popularity of Harry and Meghan’s wedding.   They said: “Meghan Markle and Prince Harry are an extraordinary and explosive couple, bringing magic and mystery to everything they touch. “The fact that their wedding is the most popular and influential royal wedding of all time almost belies expectation given that Prince Harry is unlikely to ever be King. “However, from day one, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have shown they have a gift when it comes to captivating the crowds. “Their ability to mix long-held royal protocol with modern and progressive thinking is what keeps the world hanging on to every detail of their lives,” the expert noted. READ MORE: Princess Anne isn't afraid to 'snack' and eat old-fashioned dish What was it about the Sussex wedding that was so captivating? The spokesperson added: “While Harry and Meghan’s wedding contained much of the traditional splendour of a royal wedding: Harry in military clothing, Meghan in a sweeping veil and train, and the ceremony in St George’s Chapel, the couple also used the ceremony as a way of revealing their modernity and control over their lives. “As a royal bride affected by endless rumours about her father (who was involved in a paparazzi scandal) and who would walk her down the aisle, Meghan regained power over her own narrative. “She also shattered royal tradition by walking herself down the aisle for part of the ceremony.” According to the study by DC Jewellery, Meghan also has the most popular royal engagement ring. Her ring receives 859,000 Google searches and cost an estimated £134,500. Kate’s ring comes in second place with 606,600 Google searches. However, her ring is most likely priceless due to being previously worn by Princess Diana.  