Dan Evans has become the seventh Brit to exit Wimbledon in the first round after losing to Australian qualifier Jason Kubler in straight sets. The No 28 seed came into Wimbledon with high hopes of repeating his performance from 2021 or even bettering it. He won the Nottingham Challenger earlier this month, beating the likes of Jack Sock and Jordan Thompson in preparation for the third major of the year. He was unlucky to be drawn against eventual champion Matteo Berrettini in Stuttgart before exiting early in Eastbourne last week. And the 32-year-old was not at the races from the very first set against Kubler. The Australian defeated Elias Ymer in the third and final qualifying round to reach the main draw of Wimbledon. This is just his second appearance in the main draw of Wimbledon, but showed great form against the experienced Evans early on. He took the first set 6-1 as Evans struggled to assert himself on the match and Kubler quickly found himself two sets up. Evans was cutting a frustrated figure throughout as he tried to find something to come back in the third. But Kubler had too much for the Brit in the end with Kubler winning in straight sets and progressing to the second round of Wimbledon for the first time in his career. Evans becomes the seventh Brit to lose in the opening round of both the men's and women's singles draw. Some Brits had their matches postponed from Monday to Tuesday due to rain, but both Lily Miyazaki and Jodie Burrage's tournament ended early yesterday.  Cam Norrie, Andy Murray and Emma Raducanu all progressed to the second round and they were followed by Ryan Peniston, Jack Draper, Alastair Gray and Heather Watson on Tuesday. But Evans was joined by Paul Jubb, Jay Clarke, Katie Swan and Sonay Kartal as the Brits who saw their Wimbledon Championships come to an abrupt end. Raducanu and Norrie may be Britain's best hopes in either draw with the latter gunning to reach the second week of Wimbledon for the first time in his career. Norrie was also helped in his side of the draw after Matteo Berrettini was forced to withdraw from the tournament with Covid. And Hubert Hurkacz's surprise defeat to Alejandro Davidoch Fokina opened up his side of the draw even more. Tommy Paul is the highest seed player Norrie can face before the fourth round with a potential clash against Casper Ruud in the quarters.