Nico Rosberg has been banned from entering the F1 paddock after the former champion decided not to get the coronavirus vaccine. The 2016 champion has contributed to Sky Sports F1 coverage at the Emilia Romagna and Monaco Grands Prix this season. But, this was from home through a video link or from outside the paddock and not trackside with the rest of the presenting team. Under new rules which came into effect this season, Rosberg is prohibited from entering the paddock for his TV work without being jabbed. The former Mercedes star admitted he is unvaccinated because his doctor had told him it made ‘no sense’ to get a vaccine after he already caught coronavirus. He told Sport1: “I recovered well from the corona disease and therefore have strong antibodies. I also have my antibodies tested regularly. "Under these circumstances, my doctor advised me that vaccination would make absolutely no sense." F1's controversial new rule was adopted at the World Motor Sport Council ahead of the new season. Reports claimed that Rosberg tried to gain access into the paddock in Monaco but was blocked entry by stewards due to his vaccination status. However, Rosberg has since denied those claims via Planet F1. Asked about the Monaco rumours, a spokesperson for him, who also confirmed that he is unvaccinated, responded: "This is not true. He didn’t try to get into the F1 paddock.” READ MORE: Rosberg corrects di Resta over George Russell's nickname at Monaco GP The 2022 Media Access Protocols state all attendees must be fully vaccinated to receive accreditation. The document claims any non-compliance with the new rules may result in the removal of accreditation. Hero medical car driver Alan van der Merwe, who rescued Romain Grosjean from his 2020 Bahrain fireball, has also been barred after deciding not to be vaccinated. F1 replaced the South African with Formula E safety car driver Bruno Correia ahead of the new season. Van der Merwe spoke about his decision on social media last year as he said health came before convenience. He said: "In Switzerland (I'm half Swiss) and other developed countries, prior infection counts as much as a vaccine. DON'T MISSRosberg calls out Dier live on air for changing mind on Lewis Hamilton [INSIGHT]Hamilton dealt blunt assessment by Rosberg: 'Can't win anymore' [COMMENT]Nico Rosberg shares Lewis Hamilton's thoughts on beating Russell [ANALYSIS] "I trust that those countries know what they're doing, and also respect countries' more restrictive rules and not travel there. I am fully aware that I will potentially be less employable or that my freedom of movement will be restricted based on my choices. "That I will not choose convenience over my own health does not mean I am making decisions out of selfishness. We all just want to be healthy." F1 launched a film encouraging people to get the vaccine ahead of the season finale in Abu Dhabi. The film showed Lewis Hamilton, George Russell and Lando Norris as they pleaded with fans to get jabbed. F1 boss Stefano Domenicali has backed the vaccine drive, claiming jabs were vital to keep ‘everyone safe’.