Gareth Bale's weekly wage at Real Madrid is more than the entire Cardiff first-team squad as an audacious transfer is planned. Despite their efforts, the Bluebirds have serious financial issues surrounding a move. Cardiff are financially set to have a massive problem by trying to convince Bale to sign for them in the summer. The Wales international is on the lookout for a new club as he prepares to leave Real Madrid. The 32-year-old is available on a free transfer after nine years in Spain where he won five Champions League titles. Having signed for Los Blancos for a then-world record fee worth £89million, his departure for nothing will come as a blow to Real. After Wales qualified for the World Cup - their first in 64 years - on Sunday night, Bale is in search of a new club as he looks to lead his country later this year in Qatar. Cardiff have been tipped as one of the favourites to make a move, while Newcastle have also been linked. According to BBC Sport, Bluebirds chairman Mehmet Dalman has jetted back to the United Kingdom as he opens negotiations with his agent Jonathan Barnett. However, the financial implications could sink the Championship club. At Real Madrid, the ex-Tottenham star was on a weekly wage of £600,000 - that would be more than the entire first-team squad at Cardiff. A free move to Leckwith Road might not be as inexpensive as it sounds. However, it is further reported that Bale is willing to take a significant pay cut if a route to Cardiff became available. That would have to be an extreme decrease in wages, though, to see a move go through. But it might be the forward's best option going into the winter World Cup where he can manage his fitness. It was his free-kick was deflected in at the Cardiff City Stadium that assured victory for the Welsh over Ukraine. Bale was ecstatic after the match, saying: "It's the greatest result in the history of Welsh football. We're going to a World Cup! Words can't describe how we feel at the moment. "I'm just delighted we are going to a World Cup. It means everything, it's what dreams are made of. I'm speechless. I'm so glad we've done it for these amazing fans."