The Body Coach appeared on Tuesday's Good Morning Britain to chat about his latest fitness project. ITV host Susanna Reid also pointed out how Joe had helped thousands of people during the coronavirus pandemic with his online fitness sessions. The presenter went on to explain how she was also affected by the lockdown, admitting she struggled to shift the weight she'd put on. "You're so motivating and inspiring Joe and obviously during lockdown, you did, basically a national service for all of us by just keeping us all fit," Susanna began. "The fact of the matter is, that lockdown has had a massive impact, hasn't it on people? "And despite all of that, and the fact that we could get fit online, we do face an increasing obesity crisis." Speaking about her own health and weight, the host continued: "I mean, I found that I put on weight during lockdown." READ MORE: Jon Kay skewers Eustice over energy usage plans "I found it really hard to shift those pounds," Susanna admitted. "What is the problem when there are so many workout plans (and) so many nutrition plans? What is the reason for that do you think?" Joe told the host that people put on weight because they were less active in the pandemic, explaining: "But it's really a mental health crisis that we've got on our hands. "When we're stressed and we feel down, we turn to food. "It is easier to watch a movie and eat a chocolate bar and a bag of crisps than it is to exercise. "So you've got to try and inspire people to get moving and be active for their mental health. "And I would say if you move your body, your mind or your mind will change and then the transformation will follow." Susanna has addressed her weight loss in the past, and despite admitting to gaining weight during the pandemic, the host has managed to lose over a stone and a half. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street fans 'work out' Sonya's identity in Nicky DNA twist [SPOILERS]Susanna Reid shuts down GMB Remainer in fiery Brexit row [VIDEO]Vera star recalls awkward scene with Brenda Blethyn [INSIGHT] The Good Morning Britain presenter revealed she lost over a stone since the beginning of the pandemic, explaining she fell victim to the second national lockdown "slump". However, after a visit to her doctor about her skin problems, Susanna was told she was at the top end of the BMI range for her height and should lose some weight. But by making small changes to her diet and lifestyle, Susanna managed to shed the pounds in bulk. The ITV host revealed her busy work schedule meant she found herself snacking more. With GMB going live at 6am, Susanna has to be up at around 4am, and these very early morning starts were taking a toll. "[Hunger] can creep up without you noticing," she explained. "I found waking up so early in the morning you're in a sort of energy deficit. "All your body can think is have toast, have biscuits, have calories, and you can pile [weight] on really quickly." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.