Crime drama Sherwood will be launching on BBC One on June 13. The six-part series follows the investigation of several murders in the eponymous Nottinghamshire mining village. Express.co.uk has the lowdown on the new series including details of the storyline and cast. Sherwood has been written by playwright James Graham, who was inspired by true events in his hometown. The contemporary drama sees two killings and the subsequent manhunt, shattering an already fractured community divided by the miners’ strike 40 years prior. Additionally, Sherwood deals with the potential presence of undercover police officers - known as ’Spy Cops’ and policing practices. Reflecting on writing Sherwood, Graham said: “Well coming from this community, places like this rarely get screen time. I don't think there's ever been a drama set in the part of the world in which I grew up. READ MORE: The Walking Dead: Why did the Governor star David Morrissey leave? “So to be able to put those voices and those people, and their sense of humour and wit, and that experience, and the conditions that underpin that community on screen, is a huge privilege. “Also, the events that in part inspired the series, a double killing that happened in my community and the impact that those awful crimes had on people who were already dealing with so much, felt like something that should not be denied, and the effects explored.” Graham noted there was a lot of tension in these mining communities all the back from 1984 from the point of industrial action and the deployment of police to these villages. He added about the show: “This isn’t a literal adaptation, these are fictional characters, but it is inspired by the many stories that that real events evoked in the community. “Sherwood is lots of different stories tied together, but absolutely, I hope, a love letter to the place I grew up.” Graham said he carried out a lot of research and consulted with real people when writing Sherwood, including speaking to former miners to understand the strike and those who broke the picket line and returned to work. He went on to say of the area: “Nottinghamshire is - not literally - a very grey area; to be able to empathise with strikers and non-strikers, or people on the left and people on the right - people who in 2019 voted Tory for the first time, or those who voted Labour like they and their families have always done - you have to walk in their shoes and understand them. “And that's always guided my approach to writing political plays, which is probably more empathetic than sometimes the traditional political drama has been.” Filming took place on location in Nottingham with the shoot wrapping in October 2021. Lewis Arnold served as the main director and executive producer on Sherwood and shared some behind-the-scenes snaps on his Instagram account. One photo featured a row of terraces in the suburbs of Nottingham with a gate featuring a miner on it. Another image saw the director storyboarding by the side of railway tracks. DON'T MISS...Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen lands new project [UPDATE]Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser [INSIGHT]Emmerdale theory: Charity Dingle devastated as Noah killed off-screen [ANALYSIS] BAFTA winner Arnold’s previous credits include Des, Time, Broadchurch and Humans, so audiences can expect a cinematic experience while watching Sherwood. The drama boasts a stellar cast including David Morrissey, Lesley Manville, Joanne Froggatt, Robert Glenister, Alun Armstrong, Lesley Manville, Adeel Akhtar, Claire Rushbrook, Kevin Doyle, Lorraine Ashbourne, Phillip Jackson, Perry Fitzpatrick, Adam Hugill, and Stephen Tompkinson. Actress Manville revealed Sherwood was shot during “Covid times” with the cast and crew staying in the same hotel and becoming a close-knit group and ended up spending their evenings together. Speaking about filming on the series, lead star Morrissey said: “One of the great locations, one of the central locations, is the club. "It's the Working Men's Club, and lots of action happens there, lots of community events. We filmed in this club, and we had this one place where we’d all hang out and I've never laughed so much in my life.” Sherwood starts on BBC One June 13 with the series available as a boxset