New figures have revealed the alarming cost of charging an electric vehicle at a motorways service station, with many outlets charging as much as 8p more per mile than the equivalent filling up on petrol or diesel. Research by Which? saw testers plugging two EVs into rapid and ultra-rapid public chargers to establish how much it costs per mile. They looked at running costs of a family Hyundai Kona and a more powerful Mercedes-Benz EQC. With a 55p per kwh ultra rapid charger, the EQC cost 24p per mile. It was 16.2p for the petrol equivalent and 19.5p for diesel. The Kona cost 14.8p per mile using an ultra-rapid charger, compared to 13.6p for the petrol, reported The Mirror. READ MORE: Drivers warned they risk life in prison for bad driving habits And Express.co.uk readers were outraged by what some described as “profiteering” by the companies involved. Commenter ‘Far Far away’ wrote: “Just wait until the government realises and puts tax and VAT onto the charge, at the moment it's a rip off by the greedy few, soon to become a massive rip off by the government.” “Robert180650” said: “Motorway service stations PROFITEERING once again at the public's expense!” And MRP1958 said: “So what happens with congestion and ULEZ charges when everyone has electric vehicles? DON'T MISS 'This is an urgent situation': AA warn of 'pump fiction' as costs rise [WARNING] 'Important milestone’: Red Bull unveil RB17 - A new £5million hypercar [REVEAL] Elderly driver urges young motorists to be safe on the roads [ADVICE] “Where's the money those cons generate going to be replaced from?” ‘PLM’ replied: “Emissions already beginning to take a back seat - it will be all about congestion when the balance tips to EV’s and they’ll be charged as well.” Elsewhere EVs themselves came under fire from readers, with ‘Fedupwithbiased’ writing: “EV is another big lie to the public. They are way more expensive to begin with, they are an environmental disaster (especially if they catch fire), and will be worth ZERO after the battery pack degrades.” ‘David113’ concurred, adding: “EV's are dangerous, blind people rely on the sound of traffic to negotiate crossing the road and are extremely dangerous if they catch fire? ‘Rebel Rob’ wrote: “My old diesel is doing 61.3 miles to the gallon or at the prices round where I live that works out at £0.18 per mile. “As I only do about 8000 miles a year fuel cost are about £1440 so add a couple of hundred for servicing and MOT plus the £20 a year for road tax makes it £1660. “Add the £300 for my car insurance and round it up to £2000 looks a lot cheaper than a loan of £34000 on an EV and probably cheaper than the Train with their prices.” ‘Duncanwalker1’ added: “WELCOME TO THE REAL WORLD SUCKERS !!! And this is only going to get more and more expensive as more and more Suckers buy into this whole Climate Scam. “If you also take a walk around the service stations out the back you will find newly installed huge Diesel generators that are Charging your ultra Green EV LOL.” “Only in the La La Land of Climate Emergency!” ‘VicessaPicson’ added: “EV owners need not worry if home charging will get dearer? “ It's been announced that smart chargers will be switched off or throttled back just when you want to use them? Nothing about EV makes any sense!”