The gripping strip club drama returned last week for its highly anticipated second season, and Covid, money woes and betrayals were the order of the day for the dancers at the Pynk. As P-Valley continues each week on Starz, main cast member Nicco Annan spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about where his character Uncle Clifford and ex-boyfriend Lil Murda (played by J Alphonse Nicholson) could be headed over the next few weeks. Series regular Nicco has bad news for P-Valley fans expecting more romantic moments between Uncle Clifford and Lil Murda in season two. The secretive couple left their relationship in tatters after rapper Lil Murda publicly snubbed the non-binary club owner in front of a macho record producer in the season finale, Murda Night. While season two finds the rapper thriving in his newfound success, Uncle Clifford is struggling to keep the Pynk afloat amid the Covid lockdowns and curfews. Unfortunately, this means they won’t be sharing the screen very often, for at least the first few episodes of the new season. READ MORE: Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in for Gloria Hunniford Nicco explained: “After the five months since Murda Night, and the fact that Lil Murda has been reaching out to Clifford, and Clifford hadn’t been responding… “Sometimes you know how you have to, you don’t ghost people but you put them on ice. “You just say, ‘Stay over there, because you’re on time out right now’.” Although Uncle Clifford is respected within Pynk by most of its staff and clientele, she nevertheless faces all kinds of discrimination from the Chucalissa population. Likewise, Lil Murda struggled to admit his feelings and attraction to his non-binary love interest, so they agreed to keep their relationship private. However, the secrecy proved too much for Clifford at the end of the first season, and it looks like it might be some time before she’s able to heal from Murda’s mistake. “I think their different waves of boldness that they both have for one another, or showing one another, like, this is how much I care for you, this is how I want to be a part of this,” Nicco continued. “Or this is how much you’re not ready for this. I think that back and forth is interesting to me. I think it’s truthful. “And I think it’s also a little bit inspirational because sometimes, I think, these days, we can get a bit lazy with love. “You never really, sometimes, get to invest in the person as much and take that time. So I’m excited to see those two characters that are so polar opposite find their way back together.” DON'T MISS:Our Yorkshire Farm fans devastated as Amanda Owen confirms split [LATEST]Better Call Saul boss addresses clue Kim is still alive [THEORY]The Last Kingdom’s Sigtryggr star admits stunt blunder [INTERVIEW] Thankfully, a reunion between the two seems inevitable, though this particularly agonising break-up could very well last up to the final episode of the new season. Lil Murda star J Alphonse also shared his insight into where the pair find themselves at the start of season two. He told Express.co.uk: “You’re going to find Lil Murda in a totally different place than where we saw him at the end of season one. “We see him come from out of that hole. He goes through so many different journeys. “I’m very excited for people to hear the music and for people to see where this relationship goes with Uncle Clifford and all the ins and outs with that.”  The rapper is clearly enjoying his newfound fame as one of Mississippi’s most successful new rappers on the scene, but is his fortune worth it without Uncle Clifford there to share in the glory? “Lil Murda is obviously trying to do his best to apologise for the mistake he made at the end of season one,” the P-Valley star revealed. “Uncle Clifford, you know, she’s scared. She doesn’t know quite what to do, how to handle that situation.” It may take some time for Clifford to accept Murda’s peace offering, but hopefully, the couple can patch things up and potentially even go public with their relationship by the end of season two. P-Valley season 2 continues Fridays on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.