British drivers have admitted to being put off from buying an electric car over the fear of receiving parking tickets for charging their car or even waiting in a queue outside a charging station. Multiple motorists across the UK have been hit with fines as a result of them charging their vehicles, including one unlucky driver in April. Richard Leyland spoke of his ordeal when he was fined £100 for charging his electric car in an EV bay for just five minutes. He spotted an electric car charging station, but didn’t realise it was in a paid car park with enforced rules. He said he paid £2.70 to charge his car, stayed for five minutes then left again. Two weeks later he received a £100 fine, prompting him to write to the parking company, telling them he was not intending to pay the fine. READ MORE: Major new driving laws to be introduced in June will target motorists A spokesperson for JLR Essex advised Britons on how best to avoid getting caught out with potential fines. They said: “Whether it's your first journey in your electric vehicle or you're a seasoned professional, it's always worth having a plan if you're going on a long haul journey in an electric vehicle. “Many of us are used to petrol or diesel vehicles, and the prospect of having to locate a charger can feel stressful. “It's worth noting that depending on the make and model of your car, you can travel between 100 and 300 miles with a full charge. DON'T MISSThe EVs with the longest range you can buy [INSIGHT]Woman builds her own solar panel-powered EV [INCREDIBLE]Drivers warned of using 'not good' hypermiling techniques to save fuel [WARNING] "Ideally, charge the night before, but if this isn't possible, look at how far you could travel on one full charge. “This will allow you to work out how many charging points you will need to access en route. “Try to recharge before your range drops below 30 percent. “You don't want to be waiting in a queue and lose all power as you're waiting.” An average 64kWh car will take around one hour to add 80 percent at a 50kW charging station. However, times can vary significantly depending on the speed of the charger, the size of the car’s battery and the car’s starting charge level. Other drivers have spoken of the same thing happening to them as many charging stations will belong to car parks. Those parking areas will most likely have rules permitting drivers to stay for a certain amount of time, usually around two hours. Jack Cousens, head of roads policy for the AA, said: "It is unfair some EV drivers are being penalised for errors outside of their control." Currently, there is now law surrounding parking near charging points with electric car owners sometimes forced to wait for vehicles to move out of the way so they can charge. Fully-electric vehicles may also be restricted from parking in the charging bays unless they are topping up their cars. New legislation will be unveiled next week mandating that all new homes and buildings will be required to install electric vehicle charge points. It is hoped this will accelerate the uptake of electric vehicles across the UK by making charging more widely available.