Last September, Emma Raducanu went from a relative unknown to one of the most recognisable faces in world sport. The British teenager stunned everyone when she became the first qualifier in history to capture a Grand Slam, beating Leylah Fernandez to be crowned US Open champion at Flushing Meadows. Sure enough, her new found superstardom was reflected in the sponsorship deals and endorsement offers that followed. Raducanu, 19, is yet to replicate the form that helped produce her very own 'fairytale of New York', but her profile has risen immeasurably since late 2021. Her current deals reflect that, with Nike arguably the biggest name company to have offered her a lucrative package. The British No 1 has joined the likes of golf star Tiger Woods by agreeing to an apparel and footwear agreement with the giant corporation, wearing their jerseys and shoes on court and advertising the brand’s products on social media. Wilson: As well as Nike, the star also has asponsorship deal with Wilson. As a result of the deal, she always uses the Wilson Blade 98 racquet when on court. Tiffany and Co: Following her US Open win, US luxury jewellery brand Tiffany and Co took her on as a brand ambassador, after she'd worn their pieces during the tournament. JUST IN: British No 1 Cam Norrie has Wimbledon advantage because of Eastbourne quarter-final loss Dior: Last October, Raducanu signed a deal with French fashion brand Dior. The deal was reportedly worth £2 million, and saw her become a brand ambassdaor, showcasing Maria Grazia Chiuri’s womenswear collection and the brand’s skincare and makeup products. Evian: Raducanu is also the global face of the water brand, headlining their campaigns and endorsing products on social media. British Airways: Last December 2021, Raducanu also became a brand ambassador for British Airways, headlining their media campaigns, and also using the airline for her international travel.  DON'T EXPRESS:John McEnroe offers Rafael Nadal injury advice to 'get through' WimbledonSerena Williams Wimbledon setback as Eastbourne doubles partner Ons Jabeur suffers injuryRafael Nadal laughs off Grigor Dimitrov's cheeky retirement request - 'I'm very expensive' Porsche: In March, Raducanu signed terms with the famous car manufacturer. As a result, she will frequently endorse the brand and is a face of its various global campaigns. Vodafone: In the same month, Raducanu began her £3 million partnership with Vodafone through the ‘Play your Way to Wimbledon’ grassroots event, and now sports the Vodafone logo on court. HSBC: Most recently, HSBC confirmed the star as their brand ambassador following a four-year deal between the two parties.