The rail strike was called after negotiations over pay collapsed and workers voted in favour of walking out. Around 40,000 workers are expected to be missing on June 21, 23, and 25 as union bosses cripple the country. RMT members voted in favour of a three-day 24-hour strike at 13 train operators and Network Rail. Negotiations between the two sides failed to secure a pay proposal or agreement on redundancies. RMT general secretary Mick Lynch said: "We have a cost-of-living crisis, and it is unacceptable for railway workers to either lose their jobs or face another year of a pay freeze.” READ MORE: Orban’s government gives England the red card over football row Operators affected include Avanti West Coast, c2c, Chiltern Railways, CrossCountry, East Midlands Railway, Greater Anglia, GWR, LNER, Northern, Southeastern, South Western Railway, TransPennine Express, and West Midlands Trains (including London Northwestern Railway). Most lines run by these companies are expecting significant disruption including delays and cancellations. Passengers affected by the strike are entitled to a full refund and can contact their train operator to arrange this. The Rail Delivery Group estimates around 20 percent of trains will be running on strike days. It is preparing a special timetable which begins earlier and finishes later than usual. Passengers planning to travel are asked to plan ahead and only travel if it is essential. Thousands of trained backup staff are stepping in to cover the gaps left by striking RMT members. DON'T MISS:'This cannot go on!' Priti Patel rages at Rawanda flight block by ECHR'We have a £30m shortfall' Jeremy Vine caller minutely tears Sturgeon Malta makes huge post-Brexit passport U-turn for Britons It is expected that the main lines on the railway will have some service during the strike for those who cannot avoid train travel. This would include trains from London to other parts of the country in the north and midlands, as well as to the south west. Commuter lines in Manchester, Birmingham, Leeds and London are also expected to have some services running although these will be reduced significantly. Thameslink trains will be running a limited service from 7.15am to the late afternoon and it expects trains to be very busy. Some 10,000 London Underground RMT members are taking part in the 24-hour strike on June 21. This coincides with the rail strike as union bosses plan to shut down the country’s transport system. Just a few weeks ago London Underground workers staged another strike on June 6 where 4,000 walked out.