The Duke and Duchess of Sussex travelled to Britain from the US with their two children Archie and Lilibet. ITV's royal editor Chris Ship said Harry and Meghan, who are living in California after quitting royal duties, were now at their former Windsor home Frogmore Cottage. Mr Ship tweeted on Wednesday evening: "Prince Harry and Meghan are in the house. "They’ve arrived at the home on the Windsor estate. "The first time their daughter Lilibet - the Queen’s great-granddaughter - has been in the UK. "Suggests they will attend #TroopingTheColour tomorrow." Speculation had been high over whether the Sussexes would join the royals in the UK for the Jubilee festivities before their attendance was confirmed last month. The trip is the first time Harry and Meghan have returned with three-year-old Archie and Lili, who turns one on Saturday, since Megxit in 2020. It is not known which events the couple will attend during the extended weekend. It has been reported that their appearances will be limited to avoid overshadowing Her Majesty. READ MORE: Piers Morgan reacts as Meghan and Harry's popularity at 'all time low' The celebrations kick off on Thursday with the Trooping the Colour military spectacle. But the Sussexes will not be among royals on Buckingham Palace's balcony to watch the flypast as the Queen has limited the moment to working members of the Firm only. They may join members of the Royal Family at a traditional service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral in central London on Friday. Another event the couple could make an appearance at is the BBC's Party at the Palace on Saturday. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry returning to Royal Family 'off the table' [ANALYSIS]Sussexes will lockdown in royal fortress during Jubilee return [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'going to have tough week' [VIDEO] The star-studded line-up set on three stages in front of Buckingham Palace will entertain a live crowd of 22,000 and a television audience of millions. Saturday is also the first birthday of Harry and Meghan's daughter Lilibet and the tot is likely to see her namesake great-grandmother. The finale on Sunday is the Jubilee Pageant through the streets of the capital. It is hoped the monarch will make a final appearance on the balcony of her London royal residence to round off the bumper weekend. Harry and Meghan's return comes as a new poll shows their popularity has sunk to a record low. Nearly two thirds of Britons - 63 percent - hold a negative view of the couple, according to the YouGov survey on the favourability of members of the Royal Family. 