Speaking during final rehearsals at the temporary stage outside Buckingham Palace, Sir Rod opened up on what the Queen means to him. The crooner said: “It’s pride, it’s pride in being British. It’s the pageantry, the romance. “I mean, I’ve grown up with this woman, you know. I was seven when she came to the throne, so she’s always been part of my life. “And the fact that I’ve met her on several occasions makes it even more important for me. “She’s been so much part of my life. It’s almost, I don’t know, almost like a sister, you know. “She’s always been in the background of my life.” Sir Rod predicted that the Prince of Wales is the most likely royal to get up and dance at the concert this evening. Asked why, he said: “Because I love him and my wife [Penny Lancaster] absolutely adores him.” The singer said he was “very excited” for the show at the Palace but admitted it would be “nerve-wracking”. He revealed he will be singing a song he has previously never performed and has been unable to rehearse the number. Sir Rod also shrugged off fears about the weather as the Met Office issued a yellow warning for thunderstorms for southern England that runs until this morning, with heavy rain forecast. He said: “You know what, I’ve ­performed in the rain many times and if you make the audience part of it and I go out and I get wet and the band gets wet then it’s all a big party. “Don’t worry about the weather, that’s the least of our problems.” A galaxy of superstars will take to three stages in front of a 22,000-strong crowd and a global television audience of millions. Viewers watching at home can tune in to BBC One from 7.30pm, with broadcasters Kirsty Young in St James’s Park and Roman Kemp backstage leading the coverage. Queen + Adam Lambert will open the two-and-a-half hour extravaganza, which runs from 8pm until 10.30pm. The Palace event will include appearances from US pop singer Alicia Keys, musician and record producer Nile Rodgers and opera singer Andrea Bocelli. There will also be performances by Duran Duran, Bond composer Hans Zimmer and British band Elbow among many others. Britain’s Got Talent winners Diversity and Eurovision hero Sam Ryder will also appear. Sir Elton John, 75, will perform a pre-recorded set. Celebrities from the worlds of sport, stage and screen are also set to appear. Among the big names due to be there are legendary naturalist Sir David Attenborough, tennis sensation Emma Raducanu, former footballer David Beckham, presenter Stephen Fry and actress Dame Julie Andrews. Prince Charles and Prince William will deliver public tributes to the Queen. Other members of the Royal Family are also set to attend the party. The Queen, 96, who has been suffering from episodic mobility problems, is expected to watch the spectacular show on television from Windsor Castle.