Jessica Hanley, founder of Piglet in Bed, has shared top tips that will help to keep towels “softer” and “last longer”. The expert explained: “Wash your new towels before you use them. Nearly all new towels are coated with softeners that are often used during the finishing process, which provides that extra-fluffy look that you see at the store. The coating can restrict the absorbency of your towels, so it’s best practise to wash them before your first use.” Jessica also recommended avoiding using harsh chemicals such as chlorine bleach. According to the expert, this can affect the quality and colour of towels. She added: “Adding fabric softener coats the fibres with residue, which can hinder water absorption. “Instead, use wool dryer balls to help fluff fibres and speed up drying time.” READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Great way’ to banish flies from homes - works ‘instantly’ White vinegar can also be used to keep towels “fluffy”. Jessica continued: “Also invest in high-quality towels to begin with. “Opting for cotton terry towels made from high quality materials such as cotton poly blend or zero twist cotton, gives you the best start for long-term freshness and softness. “Zero twist means that the yarn didn’t have to be twisted in the production process, which is only possible with high quality cotton fibres, making towels feel luxurious.” DON'T MISS:‘Healthier’ to avoid watering lawns in ‘prolonged’ periods of heat [COMMENT]Watering tips: ‘Best’ time of the day to water plants in summer [INSIGHT]Brighton locals call for second home ban [EXPLAINER] Britons should also avoid decorative trimmings like crochet or frayed edges.  These can show signs of wear and tear faster than the rest of the towel.  Jessica continued: “Keep your clothes and towels separate when washing.  “Washing towels with clothes can transfer a lot of bacteria between each item in the washing cycle. Britons should also avoid decorative trimmings like crochet or frayed edges. These can show signs of wear and tear faster than the rest of the towel. Jessica continued: “Keep your clothes and towels separate when washing. “Washing towels with clothes can transfer a lot of bacteria between each item in the washing cycle. “Putting towels in their own load allows towels to dry easier, as damp towels typically dry slower than clothes. “Make sure you shake any excess water from your towels before placing them in the dryer, as this will help fluff the material and keep them absorbent. “Avoid leaving wet towels to sit in the washer for a long period of time, as this can result in an unpleasant musty smell.” Drying towels on a high heat can damage the cotton fibres so Jessica recommended drying them on a low heat. She added that the towels will last much longer this way. The ideal temperature to dry is on a 40 degree heat. Jessica said: “This will help achieve your desired softness, eliminating bacteria in the process. “In the summer months, take advantage of the sun to let your towels air dry - the ultimate all-natural dryer that helps maintain the integrity of the fabric, and keeps your towels soft and fresh.” When it comes to storing towels, the expert recommended folding them. This helps to save space and ensure they stay in good shape. The expert explained: “Begin by holding the short end of the towel at chest heigh, and then fold each edge across to meet the opposite side fold to achieve neatly overlapping thirds. “Fold up the bottom third of the towel, then fold the top third down, and store with the outer folded edge of the towel facing out to make it easy to grab your towels off the shelf - and to keep your closet looking great.”