Christian Eriksen is weighing up his future after his short-term spell with Brentford came to an end - with Manchester United in line to pursue for his signature. The Denmark playmaker signed a six-month deal with the Bees after suffering a cardiac arrest while on international duty at last summer’s European Championship. Eriksen previously snubbed a move to Old Trafford prior to his £17million move to Serie A giants Inter Milan in January 2020. Brentford have been interested in extending his stay at the Community Stadium, but the 30-year-old is said to be considering options from several clubs. At the possibility of signing for the Red Devils, Eriksen said back in 2020: "For a few years [United were interested] but it was never really likely. We did speak to them of course and we did hear what was possible and what wasn't possible. JUST IN: Liverpool's third summer transfer 'close' as Reds to unveil two stars "But, in the end, me personally, I wanted a new challenge. To stay in the Premier League would have been an easy solution. Of course, staying at Tottenham would also have been a solution but, for me, it just came down to wanting to try a new challenge in a new country. Once Inter came up it really wasn't a difficult choice." Despite United being in the market for a midfielder this summer, Eriksen becoming a free agent at the end of the month is not something that is on the forefront of Erik ten Hag’s mind. “We haven’t thought about him,” he said. “Let’s see what happens. We have an excellent squad, so we don’t need anyone at the moment.” READ MORE: Man Utd made mistake eight years ago and could do it again this summer Amid all the recent interested clubs in securing his signature, Erikson said: “I have different offers and options, which we are considering, and then we make a decision.” Though the 30-year-old has hinted at his wish of playing in the Champions League again, something United cannot offer.    “I would love to play Champions League football again,” he added. “I know how much fun it is, but it isn’t essential for me.” The Red Devils are keen on securing the services of Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong, identifying him as a top midfield priority this summer. Meanwhile Tottenham boss Antonio Conte is hopeful of a reunion with his former Inter Milan player in North London. Eriksen spent seven season at Spurs between 2013 and 2020.