She is to deploy specialists at the Department for International Trade (DIT) to examine the obstacles blocking UK exports and work out how to sweep them away. Barriers on her hit list include curbs preventing UK-qualified lawyers from operating in Japan, rules that delay British medical devices from entering South Africa and bans on meat exports to China and other Asian countries. In a keynote speech to the British Chambers of Commerce today, the Cabinet minister will say: "Every week we remove trade barriers somewhere around the world, helping more and more businesses." "We know businesses who export pay higher wages and are more productive than businesses who do not, but too often, complex trade rules and practical obstacles prevent them selling overseas." "This bonfire of the barriers will grow our economy by allowing our brilliant businesses to satisfy the enormous global appetite for their goods and services." Officials say the shake-up will allow world-leading UK products and services to reach hundreds of millions of new customers globally. They hope the drive can open up a Chinese market for lamb for the first time, unlocking trade worth around £1.5billion and help firms such as Midlands-based Pilgrim's UK, Britain's biggest provider of higher welfare pork. They also want to sweep away curbs on selling beef in South Korea, opening up markets worth an estimated £2.5billion. Experts believe bureaucratic issues affecting South Korean trade could be resolved within five years to boost firms such as Northern Ireland's Foyle Food Group. Removing delays in registering new medicines and medical devices in South Africa would help increase exports as well as improve healthcare availability and quality, it is claimed. Mrs Trevelyan will point out that Britain gained greater freedom to remove trade barriers, along with the ability to negotiate Free Trade Agreements when the country left the EU two years ago. Her department has supported the resolution of around 400 barriers across more than 70 countries over the last two years including: Working with Chinese authorities to remove animal testing requirements for many beauty products in China, opening up a market worth £500million and helping brands such as Unilever's cruelty-free REN brand to import into China for the first time. Overcoming bureaucratic issues to allow the export of pet supplements to India, which are worth £1.4million to Lancashire-based VetPlus over five years. A simplified process for certifying UK cosmetics to Indonesia. Unblocking complex processes in Mongolia which prevented the export of poultry and fish, opening up a market worth £10million and helping Moy Park, a poultry exporter, to supply chicken to KFC Mongolia. Dr Carl Westmoreland, from Unilever's Safety and Environmental Assurance Centre, said: "We commend the Department for International Trade for its role in driving forward this important opportunity for cruelty-free brands." Anthony Sewart, VetPlus Regional Manager, Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa, said: "Recently, we ran into a challenge in exporting our products to India and the support from the DIT was fantastic. They were able to put us in touch with the right people to enable us to re-start the export of our products to India." Officials have collated details of the trade barriers that are affecting UK businesses on a Government database built with information from Whitehall and overseas posts. Barriers have been identified from each of DIT's nine HM Trade Commissioner-led regions around the world, with a particular focus on the Indo-Pacific region. All major economic sectors are represented in the list with an emphasis on tackling barriers in agriculture, food and drink, financial and professional services and healthcare and life sciences.