Gary Lineker, 61, has been living the high life as he shared snaps to Twitter from the Platinum Jubilee pageant while on a double-decker bus. Piers Morgan, 57, took the opportunity to jibe the Match of the Day host and his "national treasure" status. Gary took part in the Platinum Jubilee pageant on a double-decker bus, along with stars such as Tessa Sanderson, Jane Torvill and Christopher Dean. He shared several snaps on Twitter from the event, in view of his 8.5million followers. One included a selfie of Gary smiling with the background showing an empty area in what should have been manic streets. He captioned the photo: "Huge turnout." READ MORE: Lara Lewington sparks concern with 'stitched up' face snap Piers took the opportunity to joke at the former footballer in view of his 7.9million followers. He said: "This is what happens when you select the wrong national treasures for such a prestigious event." Social media users rushed to the comments to joke at Piers' "national treasure" jibe. PhilBrookes00 said: "Are you trying to insinuate that YOU are a national treasure? Pull the other one mate." DanLang12 added: "He is no National treasurer, we literally have to pay to watch TV to make him a millionaire." Type2Tony commented: "Someone's salty they didn't get an invite." However, others lept to the comments to defend the Match of the Day host. SiGan85 said: "He's more of a national treasure than you will ever be." DON'T MISS... Rod Stewart poses with family after ‘disappointing’ Jubilee show [JUBILEE] James Whale throws Lizzie Cundy off TalkTV for blasting Meghan Markle [OPINION] Patriotic Kate Moss, 48, wears Union Jack ensemble for Jubilee [PICS] TexBet21 added: "Everyone has a right to an opinion but not everyone wants yours every time they open social media or turn on the television. "Give it a rest. Take a vacation." The pair have been constantly going back and forth for months, despite quashing their feud in January. The feud seemed to have ended when Piers shared pictures with Gary in his home as he made him dinner in January. The pair have a long-running history of sassy spats, which stemmed from their football rivalry. Captioning the pic in which the controversial host grins holding a glass of red wine he wrote: "Decided to finally get my BBC licence fee money out of Gary Lineker at his home last night.. have to say, Chef Gaz delivered a quite delicious feast including Gambas al Ajillo and Fillet steak au poivre. "Did everything himself (for 5 of us) and it was all perfectly cooked. Then he proudly showed off his golden boots, before the shock late Leicester result came through to ruin his evening. All in all, a most enjoyable soirée - and definitely worth 43p!" When the former Good Morning Britain presenter announced his new show, Piers Morgan Uncensored, Gary took to Twitter to share his view on the news. He said: "Finally, you will be uncensored and we’ll be able to hear your views. "I’ve really missed them."