Reports in Spain suggest Barcelona are working to close a two-year loan deal with Tottenham for defender Clement Lenglet. The French centre-back, 26, has endured a rough time at the Camp Nou in recent times after losing his place in the starting XI and now he looks set to embark on a new challenge. The former Sevilla man was snapped up for a fee of £31.7million in the summer of 2018 and he proved an instant hit in Catalonia before losing his way. Plenty of English clubs - including Manchester United, Arsenal and Spurs - have since been linked with a move but Barcelona have struggled to strike a deal with potential suitors. However, Spanish outlet Esport3 now claim Barcelona are working to agree a two-year loan deal that would see Lenglet join Spurs. He has been identified as one of the players that can leave Barcelona before the start of the 2022/23 campaign and now Tottenham are reportedly exploring a deal. READ MORE: Tottenham already discussing third signing after completing Ivan Perisic formalities The left-footed central defender fits the bill for Spurs, given they are currently looking for a left-sided centre-back to slot into their three-man backline. Alessandro Bastoni is the club's top target but the Italian seems unlikely to leave Inter Milan this summer. He remains settled at the San Siro and at the age of just 23, he sees no reason to force an exit so early in his career. If Antonio Conte cannot entice his former player into a reunion, Lenglet looks to be a viable solution. READ MORETottenham already discussing third signing after completing Ivan Perisic formalitiesTottenham set price to seal Alessandro Bastoni transfer with Inter Milan 'willing to sell'Tottenham chief Fabio Paratici 'already held January talks' over discreet summer deal He has been capped 15 times by France and wants to re-establish himself on the international stage in time for November's World Cup in Qatar. A change of scenery could provide the platform for a late surge towards Didier Deschamps' Les Blues squad. Tottenham are partial to a loan agreement also having initially signed both Dejan Kulusevski and Cristian Romero on loan from Juventus and Atalanta respectively. Now the former Serie A pair are considered to be vital cogs in Conte's well-oiled machine after helping Tottenham secure the return of Champions League football. Xavi has allegedly told Lenglet he is no longer part of his plans following the capture of Andreas Christensen on a free transfer from Chelsea. The Dane's impending arrival in Catalonia is set to pave the way for Lenglet's departure in the coming months. Newcastle have also been linked with a lucrative swoop for the ex-Nancy man, who originally moved to La Liga with Sevilla in 2017. Tottenham are keen to continue their productive start to the summer transfer window after already landing Fraser Forster and Ivan Perisic on free transfers from Southampton and Inter Milan, respectively.