Andy Murray is gearing up for another tilt at Wimbledon next week having seemingly recovered from the abdominal injury that ruled him out of Queen's. The former world No 1 will play Australian James Duckworth in the first round on Monday, and should he reach the quarter-finals at SW19 for the first time since 2017, could meet defending champion Novak Djokovic. Murray, 35, is undoubtedly now in the twilight years of a stellar career, that has yielded three Grand Slam wins. Two of those have come at the iconic grass-court event, having beaten Djokovic in 2013 before overcoming Milos Raonic to claim a second title three years later. British fans will remain hopeful of a fairytale run this time around, but regardless, the Scot's legacy as one of the UK's greatest ever sportspeople will remain intact. And his success has been accompanied by multiple endorsements and sponsorship deals as well. According to essentiallysports, his on-court earnings have now exceeded £50 million. And that figure is enhanced over the years by signing on with the likes of Standard Life, Head, and Rado. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu cancels Wimbledon practice session but fears over Brit's injury played down In 2016, he put pen to paper on a lucrative deal with renowned British car manufacturer Jaguar. Some three years later, the 2012 US Open champion signed with tennis apparel brand Castore and has since used their apparel. Murray's other sponsorship partners include TRR nutrition, Amazon Prime Video, American Express, WSB, NHS, WWF-UK, and UNICEF. And it all helps boost his net worth to an incredible net work of £134.38 million. DON'T MISS:Wimbledon draw: Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic on course to meet, Nick Kyrgios crackerEmma Raducanu agent explains Brit's struggles ahead of Wimbledon - 'Tough year'Rafael Nadal Wimbledon dream shared by breakout star Ryan Peniston Should Murray do the unthinkable over the next fortnight, he will boost that figure by a minimum of £2 million. The tournament won't impact his place in the world standings though, with the tournament having been stripped of ranking points. That sanction was imposed by the ATP after the All England Tennis Club banned Russian and Belarusian players from competing, amid the war in Ukraine. It's a decision that Murray was critical of, blaming the Government for putting pressure on organisers.