Most homes store bananas in a fruit bowl, either on a kitchen counter or table. Within a few days, bananas start to ripen, and by the end of the week, the skin can be dark brown. Most people like to eat bananas when they are a bright yellow, but how can you store bananas to slow down the ripening process? YouTube channel Kitchen Tips Online shared an easy way to ensure your bananas are still yellow, and perfectly soft on day 15. Mike from Kitchen Tips Online bought two bunches of bananas from the same shelf in the same supermarket. He took them home and placed one bunch on his kitchen counter, and the other inside an airtight container on his kitchen counter. As bananas ripen, they produce ethylene gas, primarily in the stem, which then spreads to the rest of the fruit to help it ripen. One method of storing bananas is the popular plastic wrap technique. Some people wrap the stem of a bunch of bananas with clingfilm to stop them from ripening. READ MORE: How to lose weight without going on a diet - 5 easy steps It is, however, more effective to wrap the stems of individual bananas to prevent ripening instead of while they are all attached. By wrapping the stem individually, there are fewer places for the ethylene gas to leak out because the stems are more fully covered. Mike, on the other hand, experimented with ethylene absorption balls. Every day, he examined the two bunches of bananas - one on the kitchen counter, and one in an airtight container with the ethylene absorption balls inside - to see the ripening process. DON'T MISS...Menopausal skincare: How to reduce redness and manage hot flushes [VIDEO]How Meghan Markle showed ‘the world she was nervous’ [BODY LANGUAGE]Cleaning tips: Correct way to clean toilet limescale - avoid 2p trick [EXCLUSIVE] “Day five and six is when we start to notice a significant difference,” he said. “Day eight, I noticed the bananas not in the container were significantly softer than the ones in the container. “So at that point I decided to put those bananas in the refrigerator.” Mike explained: “Putting the bananas in the fridge after they ripen on the kitchen counter allows the inside of the banana to slow down its ripening. “The outside will continue to ripe and it will get quite dark. “After about 10 days, the bananas in the fridge were so soft we decided to make banana bread.” So how did the bananas in the airtight container with the ethylene absorption balls compare? Mike revealed: “Day 12 we still had a little bit of green on the bananas. “Day 15 - you’ll notice there’s still some green on the bananas not in the fridge in the container. “When we cut it open you’ll notice there’s a little bit of bruising on the bottom, but that’s the weight of the bananas causing the bruising in the container. “As you can see, these bananas are still quite edible.” When eating a banana, Mike said the “best way to peel a banana is from the bottom up the stem, not from the top”. By doing this, it “eliminates those little strings”. Anyone with overripe bananas can store them in the freezer. Just feel and chop them if you want them in smaller pieces - frozen bananas keep up to six months.