Elvis Presley and The Beatles are the best-selling music artists of all time and they met only once. The five talented young men crossed paths on August 27, 1965 at The King’s Perugia Way home in Bel Air, Los Angeles on his invitation. Paul McCartney remembered a “darn cool” star who inspired the Fab Four in their youth and left them starstruck upon meeting their hero.  The story goes that The Beatles sat dumbfounded staring at Elvis in awkward silence until The King broke the ice. He said: “If you guys are just gonna sit there and stare at me, I’m gonna go to bed!” Apparently, they ended up playing pool together and even had a jam sesh. McCartney claims a year later that it was the rock and roll legend who actually inspired the Fab Four to quit touring for good. At the end of their 1966 US tour, The Beatles had really had enough of live concerts and wondered what they could do to avoid more. Reminiscing of their final show at Candlestick Park in California, McCartney previously told The Adam Buxton podcast: “It was wet, it was raining, we were stuck on some little tin pot stage in the middle of this great big baseball arena. We couldn’t hear ourselves, we weren’t having any fun. And then to add to the indignity of it all, we were driven away in the back of a steel-lined meat wagon.” READ MORE: Elvis meeting The Beatles memories: ‘I probably shouldn’t say this’ During the ride in the van, there was nothing to hang on to and that was the final straw for The Beatles. As for the solution to ending their touring, McCartney said: “And what happened was we’d heard that Elvis Presley had sent his gold-plated Cadillac out on tour. He didn’t go with it, he just sent it out! And people would flock to see Elvis’ Cadillac. And then it would go to the next tour and those people would flock.” DON'T MISSElvis family gift Austin Butler access greater than Paul McCartney [GRACELAND]Elvis: Paul McCartney agrees with John Lennon’s view of The King [BEATLES ON ELVIS]Paul McCartney's hilarious Elvis tribute in The Beatles Get Back [BEATLES GET BACK] The Beatles said to themselves: “That is brilliant! Only Elvis could have thought of that. What we should do is we should make a killer record and that can do the touring for us. So that’s what Sgt Pepper was all about.” Despite quitting touring in 1966, they did perform live once more in 1969 when on the roof of Apple Corps HQ, with some tracks featuring on their final album Let It Be.