Stacey Slater (played by Lacey Turner) has been unlucky-in-love for as long as she’s lived in Walford and EastEnders fans were thrilled when Kheerat Panesar (Jaz Deol) professed his feelings for the mum-of-three. However, will the businessman decide he needs to prove his commitment to Stacey by proposing they take their relationship to the next level? In this week’s EastEnders Kheerat is mortified when a surprise meeting with his uncle leads to a conversation about marriage. He insists on finding his nephew a wife much to the businessman’s horror. Kheerat feels betrayed when Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal) agrees. He rushes off to find Stacey desperate to make his budding relationship with her work. Read more: Emotional Lacey Turner pays tribute to EastEnders co-star EastEnders fans will know Kheerat faced tragedy in his love life after falling for Chantelle Atkins (Jessica Plumber). Stacey and Kheerat were close to making a go of their romance before the latter attacked Gray Atkins (Toby-Alexander Smith) in self-defence. The mum-of-three helped Kheerat go on the run and the pair rekindled their romance when the businessman returned to Walford. However, he may push Stacey too far if he takes inspiration from his uncle and mother. Next week on the BBC soap, Stacey realises Kheerat is keeping their relationship a secret from his family. Meanwhile, Slaters have welcomed Kheerat into the fold with open arms. In fact, Eve Unwin (Heather Peace) has been instrumental in the pair admitting they had feelings for one another. Stacey assumes Kheerat is embarrassed by her and wonders whether their relationship is on the right path. DON'T MISSEastEnders' Dana Monroe star breaks silence on axing [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Stuart Highway exits after Roland health diagnosis [THEORY]EastEnders star Natalie Cassidy reacts to soap axing five stars [INTERVIEW] Later, Kheerat promises her he isn’t worried about what his family will think of them as a couple. But, he’s afraid his family will meddle if they know the truth and wants to avoid Suki’s involvement for as long as possible. In an attempt to prove his commitment, Kheerat has a plan and Stacey’s intrigued when he takes her to an empty no. 31. Will Kheerat propose to Stacey in a bid to show her how much she means to him? After losing Chantelle, Kheerat will likely want to seize every opportunity when it comes to matters of the heart. He may also realise that his family might not take his relationship with Stacey seriously unless he proves he’s committed. Stacey has been married twice already first to Bradley Branning (Charlie Clements) and more recently to Martin Fowler (James Bye). Is she ready to marry again or will she be left mortified by Kheerat’s grand gesture? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.