Missing out on Euros selection meant Tomori soaked up last summer's tournament up as a fan, mingling with the Milanese for the final, which proved a bittersweet experience. "Having been in Italy and seen them after the final, I have seen how it can really, really be such a celebration," he said.  "I watched it in a hotel with one of my friends. It was difficult to watch and being there when they won. I couldn't get out of there fast enough. "It was an experience near The Duomo so I guess in a way it was nice to see them celebrating - I was right in the middle of it - but I just got home as quickly as I could. "Imagine if we were to win the World Cup how big it would be, so it is definitely a motivation. Every footballer likes to win but to see how a country reacts to it, it is something that motivates you."  England's defeat in that final may have stung, but for the most part Tomori has been living la dolce vita in Italy since his move, initially on loan at the start of last year and now permanent, from Chelsea. The defensive emphasis in a country where it is an art form - and the tuition at a club which has Paolo Maldini, above, as technical director - has honed his craft, and being part of Milan's first Serie A title for 11 years last month was a career highlight.  "No one expected us to do it. We knew we could, so when you do it, it feels even better. It was a really nice feeling," Tomori said. "Hopefully, we can build on what we've done last season and go on to win more trophies. "I'm enjoying it and I'm really happy. When I went abroad there was talk around English players doing it, but I've just tried to embrace it as much as I could. "The people I've spoken to about it, when they ask me how it is, I always say, 'If you ever get the opportunity I don't see why you shouldn't'. "You open your mind to not just different ideas in football, but life is different. I'm loving every minute of it."  It has not always been this way for exports from English football - think Ian Rush and Paul Gascoigne - but it helps that the 24-year-old now speaks a good deal of Italian. "I was really keen to learn it to help me settle in better," Tomori said. "Being able to communicate, I thought was really important. "It's not perfect yet, but it's part of the experience. Sometimes in the changing rooms, I find myself thinking in Italian instead of English."  Tomori's command of the language enabled him to enjoy a laugh back at Italy's expense when they failed to qualify for the World Cup after a shock play-off defeat by North Macedonia in March. He said: "In Italy, a macedonia is a fruit salad kind of thing. That's what it's called. Sandro Tonali and Alessandro Florenzi were there so people brought a macedonia to the training ground. The newspapers were like, 'Whoa', but the people were saying, 'Well, we lost to a fruit salad', so it was taken as a joke." 