The iconic Spandau Ballet may have been broken up for three years at this point, but the incredible British singer, Hadley, is not putting his voice to rest just yet. This morning it was announced that the star is going to release a single to commemorate the 40th anniversary of the end of the Falklands War. Hadley will be releasing "Come Home To Peace" in just a matter of days. The single will hit streaming services and store shelves on June 17, 2022. The iconic pop singer has created the charity song alongside BBC Radio Solent - BBC's local radio station which broadcasts to Hampshire, Dorset and the Isle of Wight. He has also teamed up with well-known songwriter Jim Cregan to create the song, while having backing vocals from The Military Wives Choir. The Military Wives Choir is a charity collective bringing women with military connections together through song. The singing collective most notably achieved a number one album with their debut record, In My Dreams, back in March 2012. All the proceeds from Hadley's new song will be donated to BBC Children In Need to "support children and young people right across the UK with their mental health and emotional wellbeing". The Falklands War started in April 1982 and came to an end in June of the same year. The war, which took place on the Falkland Islands, and the South Sandwich Island, saw the loss of almost 1,000 lives, while more than 2,000 soldiers were injured. The conflict began when Argentina invaded and occupied the Falkland Islands on April 2, 1982. Just days later, on April 5, the British Government dispatched a naval task force to intervene. What followed was a brutal battle that was extremely close to home. Hadley's involvement in the charitable single for the Falklands War's anniversary is not surprising, as he has been giving back to the community for years.  Hadley is the Vice-President of Shooting Star Children's Hospices. During his time in this company, he has performed at the charity's biggest events, including at Buckingham Palace and an annual tea, which is hosted by Simon Cowell. However, it doesn't seem like Hadley will be performing with his BRIT Award-winning band, Spandau Ballet, for the charity again anytime soon. Hadley quit the group back in 2017. He announced in a statement: "Due to circumstances beyond my control, it is with deep regret that I am required to state that I am no longer a member of the band Spandau Ballet and as such I will not be performing with the band in the future."  Before long, Spandau Ballet announced singer and actor Ross William Wild as their new frontman for a string of European tour dates. But, just a year later, in 2019, Ross announced that he was quitting the band to pursue his own music. Bass player Martin Kemp later confirmed the band would not go back on tour without Hadley. Tony Hadley - Come Home To Peace hits streaming services on June 17.