Chelsea have been urged to forget any interest they have in Everton forward Richarlison and instead move for Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski this summer. The Polish striker has made his desire to leave the German giant clear and his preference would be to move to Barcelona, but as the Spanish side struggle to raise the necessary funds, Chelsea could swoop in and make their move for a possible Romelu Lukaku replacement. The Belgian striker is finalising a loan back to Inter Milan, and Ally McCoist believes that it should be Lewandowski that the Blues target and not Richarlison as both have been linked with Chelsea. “I think he [Richarlison] is a good player,” the former Rangers man told talkSPORT. “But to take Chelsea back up to the next level of competing with Liverpool and [Manchester] City for the title, I am not sure he will get you the goals. “To be honest with you I am not sure he will get you the goals. Whereas someone like, I think [Erling] Haaland is near guaranteed 20 league goals. “I would take him [Lewandowski] all day. Proper goalscorer, proven goalscorer. I think Haaland will go on and score goals in the same ilk and mould as Lewandowski. “He is still obviously a lot younger but you look at somebody like Lewandowski, there are still a couple of seasons left in him, a top goalscorer.” As Lukaku is set to seal a loan back to Inter Milan, there could be a spot to fill in the Chelsea front line and there have been a host of players linked with the Blues including Richarlison, Lewandowski and Raheem Sterling. All three could be on the move this summer, and the Brazil international has confirmed he has held talks with Everton manager Frank Lampard on his future.  “I have already made it clear to the board and I have already talked with Lampard and my people,” Richarlison told Brazilian media. “They know what I want. Let us wait for June. “Right now I cannot talk because when I talk about leaving a club I get like this, because of the history I have at Everton, the affection the fans have for me. When I talk about leaving I am kind of speechless.” While Lewandowski has also spoken candidly about his future away from Bayern Munich. The 33-year-old has already claimed that his “story is over” in Munich and that “something died inside me”. The Polish captain is believed to prefer a move to Barcelona but Xavi’s side's financial woes have been well documented despite being in talks to sell midfielder Frenkie de Jong to Manchester United, and have freed up cash by selling a portion of their merchandising arm and future television revenue.