Roo Irvine may have only joined the cast of Bargain Hunt in 2019 but she has quickly won over the show's legion of followers. The BBC daytime series sees the red and blue teams searching for antiques in the hope of selling them on for more than what they paid. Roo, like the rest of the Bargain Hunt, is always there, ready to give moral support and some well-needed advice. Prior to developing a passion for antiques, Roo and her husband Mark were working in marketing but everything changed quickly changed for both of them. Roo's dad died unexpectedly in 2013 and just three weeks later, Mark's father also passed away after a long battle with cancer. The pair stepped away from their senior corporate jobs to focus on taking care of their widowing mums. It was during this time of grief and reflection that the couple decided to open up their own antique shop in Scotland called Kilcreggan Antiques. READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series Roo explained to the BBC: "When we resurfaced, we opened a small antiques shop in the village and one day, Antiques Road Trip came visiting with Paul Laidlaw. "I was asked to join the team, and the rest is history. "I believe life has its own plans for you, whether we know it or not!" Since then, Roo has become a regular on Antiques Road Trip, Bargain Hunt, Flipping Profit and took part in Celebrity Mastermind earlier this year. Roo Irvine is the shortest member of the Bargain Hunt cast, standing at just 5ft 1in tall. In comparison, Natasha Raskin Sharp is reportedly 5ft 6in and Christina Trevanion is 5ft 5in. On the other end of the spectrum is presenter Danny Sebastian who looms over all of them at 6ft 3in. He is closely followed by expert Charles Hanson who is 6ft 1in tall. DON'T MISS...Anita Dobson British Soap Awards appearance leaves viewers distracted [REACTION]Bargain Hunt’s Caroline shares £2 item which sold for thousands [EXPLAINER]Roo Irvine opens up on biggest challenge of new Bargain Hunt role [CAST] When the 42-year-old star isn't filming for Bargain Hunt, she is relaxing with some of her other passions in life. She told the BBC: "Solitude and downtime are so rare, and having recently discovered the world of the spa, switching off and just floating is amazing for resetting my equilibrium. "At home though, jazz music and a good book, with our two cats snuggled up beside me has to be the simplest, but loveliest pleasure. "Throw in a crackling log fire and some smoked salmon and I’m in heaven!" Roo will be starring in the latest episode of Bargain Hunt airing on Monday, June 13. The description for the upcoming episode reads: "Roo Irvine is at Southwell Racecourse, where experts Izzie Balmer and Nick Hall join the teams as they search for the best items to sell at auction. "Roo enlists the help of the public to identify today’s mystery object." Bargain Hunt is available to watch on weekdays at 12.15pm on BBC One.