Aries (Mar21/Apr20) Any challenges that face you now are unlikely to be major ones. Some things will get blown up out of all proportion There's a tendency for a friend or colleague to exaggerate the seriousness of situations. If you remain relaxed and calm you will find solutions. Taurus (Apr21/May21) You're so determined to do what you have to do that whether it is work or family related, you won't take kindly to anyone who tries to waste your precious time. It would be better all round to keep most of your plans to yourself. Gemini (May22/June21) Discussions seem to go around in circles. Even though you have been through similar conversations before, you might still be unaware of all the views of others. Someone has felt uncertain about expressing their opinions and when they reveal their thoughts this will change everything. Cancer (June22/July23) What you are told or hear about a neighbour may have you doubting its accuracy. You can't help feeling someone is exaggerating the facts but before too long you could discover truth is sometimes stranger than fiction. READ MORE: Horoscopes & love: Scorpio 'pulls the strings' in a relationship Leo (July24/Aug23) Some uncertainty in a relationship makes it difficult for you to be honest with a partner. You need reassurance about their feelings before you give any of your own thoughts away. A heart-to-heart talk is what's needed to bring you closer together. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) You've always liked to be organised and that's why you're finding the domestic scene a bit too muddled for comfort. It's hard to come to any kind of agreement with housemates when everyone seems to have different views, plans, feelings and ideas.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) Whether you are starting on a new hobby, new job, new relationship or new lifestyle, doubts will vanish once you get into the swing of new routines. The end of the month will bring the start of an exciting chapter. Good news will give you a positive feeling. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) Travel is a strong temptation. It doesn't matter if you take off to unfamiliar places at a moment's notice, you should find the going particularly easy and by way of a bonus, most enjoyable. Not everything will turn out to be predictable. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) A friend or relative who has more money than sense will urge you to join them in plans that mean parting with your cash. Think again. A more cautious approach towards spending is strongly recommended. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) You could strike lucky or it will feel that way when you find an item you have been looking for or when a mortgage is arranged to help you secure the home of your dreams. If a partner is involved be sure neither of you gloss over details to get what you want. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) You aren't the only one who is feeling restless so don't keep yourself to yourself. Look around you and you're hardly likely to miss the fact that someone close is also in need of a change of scene. Group activities and friendships in general will help to make the end of June a happy time.