While things have been quiet over the last couple of years due to the pandemic, UK cities are starting to welcome foreign language students back for the summer. Cash strapped families can earn up to £7,500 a year tax free by providing students with breakfast, an evening meal and a bed. One of the simplest ways to earn money from home is by making use of any spare space. Every year, thousands of students arrive from Spain, France and Italy to study an English language course in cities like London, Bristol and Manchester. After lessons they stay with an English family which helps them witness family life and experience British culture first hand. Lots of families enjoy the experience of welcoming foreign language students into their homes with the added bonus of earning up to £175 a week. READ MORE: Martin Lewis’ verdict on best five bank accounts offering up to £170 Sharon Lowick is a 52-year-old business owner from Bristol who rents out her spare room over the summer months to boost her finances. The busy single mum has a fifteen-year-old daughter and runs Bristol Homestaging as well as a vintage shop called Frankie Loves Ava. She told Express.co.uk: “It’s a lovely way to connect with people from other cultures. “Obviously the extra cash is nice but it’s also really satisfying to show off our city and culture.” DON'T MISS'Not easy' Widow, 65, struggles on late husband's 'small' pension [ALERT]Santander launches account with 2.5% rate - does it beat inflation? [UPDATE]Dave Ramsey suggests how man, 60, can get by in retirement [INSIGHT] Ms Lowick has been opening her doors to foreign language students for the last four years and has never had any problems. She explained: ”It gives the students a glimpse of how we live here. “I like playing mother and finding out all about where they come from and laughing about the similarities and differences between us. “Anyone with a spare room can do it - it’s a no brainer - really. “We don’t always have an actual spare room at home but we swap things around to make space for them.” In Bristol, the two language schools are EF and International House with IH paying up to £175 per week for each student. The best way for people to find language schools near them is to google “Foreign language college near me". This should provide a list of colleges in their town or city which could be looking for host families this summer. People can also register at Homestay and set their own rates by looking at similar rooms for rent in their area. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea How to get started hosting foreign language students: Do you have a personal finance story to share? Express.co.uk would like to hear from anyone who has a story to tell. People can get in touch via personal.finance@reachplc.com. 