Penny Lancaster joined Loose Women panellists Charlene White, Coleen Nolan, Judi Love and Kéllé Bryan to open up on how she and her husband Rod Stewart enjoyed the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Rod performed the classic hit Sweet Caroline during his performance at the Party at the Palace and Penny revealed this request came straight from the Queen herself. Discussing the Jubilee, Penny said: “It started out on Friday, I was policing at St Paul’s Cathedral, the Guildhall, the special Thanksgiving Service so that was exciting. “And then, of course, Rod’s performance at the palace.” Charlene interjected: “And the Queen specially asked him to sing Sweet Caroline.” “Yes,” Penny confirmed. “The BBC said, ‘Rod we need you to sing Sweet Caroline it’s the Queen’s favourite you have to sing it.’ Read more: Janet chokes back tears over Jamal Edwards' cause of death “So he didn’t have much of a choice,” Penny continued. Coleen asked: “Didn’t he nearly pull out at the last minute?” Penny confirmed the singer wasn’t sure whether he would be able to perform. “He was so nervous leading up to it,” she explained before revealing Rod had caught Covid in Vegas. “Came over, it was past the 10 day period of being contagious but he’d lost his voice. “So the soundcheck on the Wednesday he went along and as a precaution wore a mask but had no voice.” “So he thought, ‘How long can I leave it?’” Penny commented. The Loose Women panellist explained her husband didn’t want to “disappoint anybody”. DON'T MISS'Devastating consequences' Brenda Edwards on dangers of drugs [INSIGHT]Ruth Langsford supports Loose Women's Gloria Hunniford after fall [VIDEO]Jane Moore slams Meghan and Harry in Loose Women rant  [INTERVIEW] “He went to another rehearsal on the Friday,” Penny said. “It was tough and go. “His voice is there now but it wasn’t quite on but he didn’t want to disappoint anybody. “It wasn’t the Rod Stewart show, it was the show for the nation, for the Queen, for everybody to come together. “He wanted to please the people so that was the song and it brought everybody together.” Platinum Jubilee concert viewers were divided over Rod’s rendition of Sweet Caroline. "Anyone else feel like Rod Stewart singing Sweet Caroline was just wrong?!!" @MASlipka tweeted. @VinylContessa added: "Also still confused about Rod Stewart singing Sweet Caroline. It just didn’t mesh well." "Why did Rod Stewart sing Sweet Caroline? He’s got a ton of his own hits?" user @fla_buckeye wrote. Loose Women airs on ITV on weekdays at 12.30pm.