Despite a decline in dog and cat meat trade activity in the city, to this day around 3,000 – 5,000 dogs are still brutally killed and butchered for meat during the 10 day event that takes place every year around the summer solstice. Originally launched in 2010 by Yulin's dog meat traders, it is an entirely commercial enterprise dressed up as tradition in an effort to give it some kind of pseudo-cultural legitimacy. The truth however, is that dog eating has no cultural origins in Yulin at all and dog meat was never part of the local mainstream food culture. In fact opinion polls show that most people living in Yulin don't eat dog meat. At the time the event was launched, the Yulin authorities hoped it would boost tourism within China and encourage people from outside the province to come visit, which it did. But in doing so it shone a ghastly spotlight on an issue that affects far more than just this one city in China. It exposed the year-round brutal dog and cat meat trade that can be found in locations across the country, killing an estimated 10 million dogs and four million cats a year, most of whom are stolen pets or strays grabbed from the streets. These strays are also very often abandoned pets who have been cast out due to old age or illness, and so it is that most of the dogs who find themselves in the terrifying slaughterhouses, markets or restaurants of China, probably once started life as someone’s beloved companion. It is not uncommon in China’s dog slaughterhouses to find a pile of discarded pet collars in the corner. Before they reach the slaughterhouse, these poor animals will have already endured a harrowing ordeal at the hands of the dog thieves and traffickers who use poison, nooses and brute force to snatch their canine victims before cramming them into tiny cages on the backs of trucks to be driven hundreds of miles across the country. By the time the dogs and cats reach Yulin for unloading, they can be in a terrible state - injured from the rough handling, dehydrated, covered in skin disease and very sickly. On the eve of this year’s event, Chinese activists and local police in Shaanxi, about 1,000 miles from Yulin, intercepted one such truck stuffed with dogs headed for Yulin. All 386 dogs on board were rescued and are now in the care of various shelters, including one in north China run with the support of Humane Society International.  For more information and to support Humane Society International's work against the dog meat trade CLICK HERE.   The battered bodies and broken spirits of these dogs tells the heart breaking story of the trauma they have experienced. Many of them have tested positive for a number of diseases, and are being treated for skin and eye conditions. It is not uncommon to rescue dogs from the trade who have large growths, sometimes cancerous. Yet all these sickly animals enter the food chain, their skin blowtorched a uniform brown colour which masks any signs of disease. The trafficking of the dogs itself poses an additional human health risk from lethal diseases such as rabies and cholera, both of which are recognised by the World Health Organisation as linked to the dog meat trade. The good news is that there is a very active and vocal opposition to the dog meat trade within China, with most people wanting nothing to do with the cruelty, and a new young affluent generation of Chinese citizens who care deeply about their pets and are appalled by the dog thieves. There are also hundreds of dedicated animal activists who directly challenge the traders and call for change. As a result of this Chinese opposition, supported around the world by international groups such as HSI, the summer dog meat eating event at Yulin has certainly declined over the years, but there is still a long way to go before China dismantles this brutally cruel, dangerous and illegal trade.  Dr Peter Li is the Humane Society International’s China Policy specialist.  For more information and to support Humane Society International's work against the dog meat trade CLICK HERE. 