Tata Chemicals Europe (TCE) today opened the largest carbon capture and storage (CCS) in Northwich, Cheshire, to help the company cut carbon emissions by over 10 percent. But the stunning new project can help to kill two birds with one stone. The £20million plant will capture greenhouse gas from the flues of a methane gas-fired power station that is also present it the facility. This station supplies steam and power for the company's operations as well as for other businesses in the area. The captured gas will then be purified, cooled and liquefied, and converted into sodium bicarbonate. TCE have called sodium bicarbonate product Ecokarb, which will soon be exported to over 60 countries across the globe. The product has already been patented in the UK. Much of it will be used as a medicine in haemodialysis to treat kidney disease. Martin Ashcroft, managing director of Tata Chemicals Europe, said: “The completion of the carbon capture and utilisation plant enables us to reduce our carbon emissions, whilst securing our supply of high purity carbon dioxide, a critical raw material, helping us to grow the export of our pharmaceutical grade products across the world.” Speaking at the opening of the plant, local labour MP Mike Amesburysaid: “Even though, today, there are many competing agendas, sustainability is still crucial and we must continue working towards Net Zero. “The investment made by Tata Chemicals Europe in this leading-edge carbon capture plant will not only support the reduction of carbon dioxide emissions here, but it will also pave the way for others to use this technology.” The plant was also back by £4.2million of Government funding. READ MORE: Nuclear breakthrough hands AUKUS deal huge boost Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng said: “This cutting-edge plant, backed by £4.2 million government funding, demonstrates how carbon capture is attracting new private capital into the UK and is boosting new innovation in green technologies. 'We are determined to make the UK a world-leader in carbon capture, which will help us reduce emissions and be a key part of the future of British industry.” Carbon capture is viewed the Committee on Climate Change as a crucial part of getting the UK to net zero emissions. Other projects include the East Coast Cluster around Humber and Teesside and HyNet North Westin Liverpool Bay. DON'T MISS Macron facing hell as energy companies issue a dire warning after P...[REVEAL] Russia's plans are now 'doomed' as Putin 'awakens sleeping giant' [INSIGHT] Brexit revenge! EU punishes British scientists who refused to quit ... [REPORT] And in May, in May, the Drax power station in North Yorkshire announced a £400,000 pilot scheme to capture gas produced from burning wood pellets. Drax said: "If successful, the six-month pilot project will capture a tonne of CO2 (carbon dioxide) a day from the gases produced when renewable power is generated." But not everybody is supportive of the technology, which stores greenhouse gases underground after removing them from the atmoshphere. Carroll Muffett, chief executive at the non-profit Center for International Environmental Law (CIEL) told CNBC: “There are a number of reasons why carbon capture is a false climate solution. “The first and most fundamental of those reasons is that it is not necessary. “If you look at the history of carbon capture and storage, what you see is nearly two decades of a solution in search of a cure.” His organisation compiled a report that these technologies are “ineffective, uneconomic and unsafe”. CIEL also argues that it still gives fossil fuel companies an excuse to explore for and use greenhouse gasses, delaying the needed shift to renewables. The report said: “The unproven scalability of CCS technologies and their prohibitive costs mean they cannot play any significant role in the rapid reduction of global emissions necessary to limit warming to 1.5°C. “Despite the existence of the technology for decades and billions of dollars in government subsidies to date, deployment of CCS at scale still faces insurmountable challenges of feasibility, effectiveness, and expense.”