Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is keen to keep highly-rated coach Eric Ramsay at Old Trafford amid interest from Barnsley for their vacant manager position, according to reports. The Red Devils prised the 30-year-old from Chelsea in 2021 and he worked as the first-team set-pieces coach under Ralf Rangnick. Ramsay spent time in Chelsea’s academy after working his way up at Shrewsbury Town. He had been first team coach with the League One outfit. Then-United coach Kieran McKenna, who is now manager of Ipswich, recommended Ramsay to Ole Gunnar Solskjaer when the Norwegian was manager. The pair had studied together at Loughborough University. Ramsay has been linked with the vacant manager’s post at League One Barnsley. The Tykes were relegated from the Championship last season and sacked head coach Poya Asbaghi. JUST IN: Man Utd 'sent message' by De Jong as Barcelona negotiations continue But the Manchester Evening News report that Ten Hag is keen to keep the coach, who is well thought of at the club. Should he remain, Ramsay will work alongside new assistants Mitchell van der Gaag and Steve McClaren. That is despite Ramsay facing criticism from a portion of United fans over his role at the club. He was appointed as a dedicated set-piece coach, alongside his role in player development, but United have floundered in dead-ball situations over the past year. He is clearly rated by those within the club’s hierarchy, though, and moves are being made to convince him to be part of Ten Hag’s backroom team. The Dutchman has already confirmed that Van der Gaag and ex-United No.2 McClaren will join him at Old Trafford. DON'T MISS...Man Utd's Rashford stance after Conte tests Ten Hag resolveBarca 'can't reject' Man Utd offer as De Jong set for 'historic' moveMan Utd caught in crossfire as Bayern mocked for 'insulting' Liverpool Van der Gaag worked alongside Ten Hag at Ajax while McClaren is returning to United after 21 years. The former England boss was once Sir Alex Ferguson’s assistant and was in the dugout for the club’s famous treble-winning 1998-99 campaign. McClaren, 61, had Ten Hag as a coach when he was manager of Eredivisie side FC Twente. He has also had managerial spells at Middlesbrough, Queens Park Rangers, Derby County and Newcastle. Ten Hag has been entrusted to lead the much-needed overhaul at United after being appointed to replace Ralf Rangnick. The former interim boss ominously predicted that the club could need 10 new signings this summer. The Red Devils are targeting new players in midfield and in attack to help Ten Hag transition to his preferred style of football. Barcelona ace Frenkie de Jong has been earmarked as a possible midfield signing, but could cost around £72million.