Duncan Larcombe, Royal editor of The Sun, told GB News that while Prince Andrew did not attend the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee due to having coronavirus, he’s not going to “never appear again”. Mr Larcombe said as the Queen’s second son prepares to attend the “historic” Order of the Garter next week, the public must resign themselves to the fact that he’s not going to be “invisible” forever. Mr Larcombe said: “I think for those who might have thought the Jubilee without Prince Andrew was a taste of the Royal family to come, they might be a bit surprised to hear that yes, he might be making another appearance. “He’s back. Prince Andrew is an issue that sort of won’t go away if I’m honest, and here we are talking about him yet again. “It’s very difficult because, I mean, what does the Queen actually do? She effectively sacked her son two years ago by removing him as a working member of the royal family. But that doesn’t mean he’s never going to appear again. He can’t just vanish. “So, unfortunately, I think stories like this are an inevitable part, really, of the rest of Prince Andrew’s life.    “Prince Andrew obviously had Covid during the Queen’s four-day Platinum Jubilee celebrations so it didn’t become an issue. “But he would have made the odd appearance. He would have been St Paul’s Cathedral when the rest of the family gathered without the Queen. “So, he would not have been invisible. So, really, the Order of the Garter, this is a sort of historic business of the Royal Family and it is significant as an event during the year. “This shows to us that the Queen is not going to completely banish the guy out of sight and out of mind. He has to still be in existence.” READ MORE: He’s back! Prince Andrew ‘rebuilding his life’ with Palace support [REVEAL]   Prince Andrew will take part in the Garter Day service at Windsor Castle tomorrow in his first public event since his father’s memorial service at Westminster Abbey in March. The prince unexpectedly took centre stage during the memorial event, walking his mother the monarch down the aisle to her seat. And a royal source said this weekend Prince Andrew has been trying to recover some of his royal military titles since having them removed in January of this year. The source said: “The colonelcy of the Grenadier Guards was his most coveted title, and he wants it back. “Having remained a Counsellor of the State, he also believes he should be included at royal and state events.” DON'T MISS: Prince Andrew tipped for dramatic Royal Family comeback in DAYS [REVEAL]Prince Philip 'did what he knew best' as a parent - 'progressive man' [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew seen for first time since having Covid  [REPORT]   The prince is also believed to be attempting to gain working royal roles for his daughters Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie. But the former friend of disgraced financier Jeffrey Epstein might struggle to rediscover royal life for himself when his older brother Prince Charles accedes to the throne. Not long ago, sources close to the Prince of Wales suggested that “a way back for the duke is demonstrably not possible.” A source said: “While the prince loves his brother and has the ability to have sympathy for the slings and arrows he endures ... the unwelcome reputational damage to the institution was an unsolvable problem ... because the spectre of [Giuffre’s accusation] raises its head with hideous regularity.”   