WWDC 2022 is taking place today, with the annual Apple developer event kicking off at 6pm UK time. All the action from Cupertino will be streamed on YouTube and an official Apple website, with the keynote speech expected to lift the lid on iOS 16 as well as the latest versions of iPadOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS. If you want to watch all the WWDC announcements as they happen you can find a live stream of the Apple event embedded below. Besides YouTube and the Apple WWDC website, you'll also be able to tune in and watch the upcoming keynote speech via the Apple TV app. For anyone that isn't able to tune in when the event kicks off, they'll be able to download the keynote on the Apple TV app post-stream and catch up on all the action. Apple device owners can set a reminder on their calendars so they don't miss the start time for WWDC 2022, as can YouTube users. Here are the start times for WWDC 2022 for different regions around the world... WWDC 2022 start time US - 10am pacific time, 1pm eastern time WWDC 2022 start time UK - 6pm BST WWDC 2022 start time Europe - 7pm CEST  In the run-up to WWDC 2022 rumours are swirling around what Apple could announce at the event. Bloomberg journalist and trusted Apple insider Mark Gurman has teased what could be announced for iOS 16. Gurman in an article last week claimed that iOS 16 will be a "fairly significant" upgrade, and will bring with it one exciting feature. It's believed iOS 16 will significantly shake-up the iOS lock screen, with support for an always-on-display finally being added.  To complement this feature plenty of widgets will be available for iOS users to tailor-make their always-on-display. However, it's believed this feature will only be available for select models - the iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max. Android users have long-enjoyed always-on-displays, with this feature a big selling point of the Samsung Galaxy S7. Expect plenty more upgrades to be revealed and we might even get to see some shiny new gadgets unveiled including a refreshed MacBook Air and the first sight of Apple's long-rumoured AR glasses. Express.co.uk is in Cupertino and will bring you all the news live so watch this space. 