The yellow thunderstorm warning issued by the Met department covers much of England and Wales and runs from midnight on Sunday through to 18:00 Sunday evening. This may put a downer on the fourth and final day of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations as Brits around the nation celebrate Her Majesty’s 70 years on the throne with a parade and pageant taking place in London.  According to the weather experts, only Scotland will hold on to sunnier conditions  The Met Office warning stated: “Thunderstorms and areas of rain are expected to develop over parts of England and Wales during the early hours of Sunday. “Torrential downpours are likely in a few places with parts of the Midlands, East Anglia and southeast England most at risk. “Some places could see 15-20 mm in an hour, and perhaps up to 50 mm before storms fade, and hail may affect a few spots. “These thunderstorms will slowly spread into southern parts of northern England on Sunday morning before easing.   “Further south, drier conditions briefly develop on Sunday morning before further showers and thunderstorms develop over some parts of southern England, Wales, the Midlands and East Anglia later. “These may give some heavy downpours with a further 10-20 mm possible in some places.” Areas of heavy rain and thunderstorms break out over parts of England and Wales during the early hours of Sunday, moving into the UK from the near-continent. Met Office Chief Meteorologist, Dan Suri, said: “In contrast to last night and this morning, more places within the warning area on Sunday are likely to see heavy rain and thunderstorms. READ MORE: Woman claims Union Jack leaves her feeling 'very unsafe'  “Where thunderstorms do occur, impacts from heavy rain and frequent lightning strikes are possible. “A few places could see 15-20 mm of rain within an hour, with a small chance of 50 mm in an hour, most likely over parts of the Midlands, southeast England and East Anglia whilst the risk of thunderstorms over the northern part of the warning is smaller. “Then, during Sunday afternoon new showers, some heavy and thundery, are likely over the southern or so third of the UK. “North of the warning area in Northern England and Scotland conditions will be much more settled. If you’re planning outside events for Sunday, please keep a regular eye on the forecast for your area for any updates.” DON'T MISS:Climate activists mistakenly target electric car after attacking 3...Queen’s grandson Peter Phillips makes debut with new girlfriendPrince William vows to ‘restore planet’ in emotional speech Through Sunday, away from the thunderstorms, it will be cloudier and cooler than the past few days for many with temperatures in the mid to high teens. According to the weather experts, only Scotland will hold on to sunnier conditions where after chilly start temperatures could still reach 21C in the northwest Moving into a new week, the weather remains unsettled with the continued chance of rain and showers moving in from the west, though there will be sunny spells at times with north-west Scotland continuing to see the best of the weather. 