Unfortunately, as Sherwood was broadcast, many viewers based in Nottingham were not impressed with a mistake about Nottinghamm Forest player Trevor Francis, who was referenced in an early scene. BBC viewers hit out at the broadcaster for "not doing their research" and complained for the mix-up. The scene in question saw Gary Jackson (played by Alun Armstrong) step out of his front door and approach young boys playing football in the street. "Hey look, it's Trevor Francis," Gary exclaimed as the young lad asked: "Who?" Gary replied: "Who? Notts Forest, centre forward. 52 caps for England. Who?!" Those from Nottinghamshire were certainly not impressed with Gary stating Trevor was from Notts Forest. READ MORE: Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser Football fans will be aware he played for Nottingham Forest while Notts County was another football club. Many tuning in were quick to take to Twitter to comemnt on the mistake. Heather Smith posted: "As a person from Nottingham, watching #sherwood i can deal with the bad accents…. But Notts Forest?!? No its Nottingham forest and Notts county." "#Sherwood for the record I'm from Nottinghamshire, and I say Notts Forest," Abi tweeted. Gerard MacKay referenced Gary's death and shared: "That's a bit harsh, just for saying "Notts Forest". #Sherwood." Andy Brown joked: "That’ll teach him to say Notts Forest! #Sherwood." Sophie argued: "Notts Forest?! Come on #BBC #Sherwood #doyourresearch #NFFC." "I’m outraged! #Sherwood Notts Forest!!! Seriously! James Graham come on man! #NFFC," Amanda Needham complained. DON'T MISS...Sherwood episode 1 cast: Who stars in the BBC drama? [INSIGHT]How many episodes are in Sherwood on BBC One? [EXPLAINER]Sherwood: Where was Sherwood filmed? Creator talks locations [LOCATION] Gary was later found dead in the street after he was shot with an arrow as he walked home from the pub. His death is being investigated by DCS Ian St Clair (David Morrissey) and DI Kevin Salisbury (Robert Glenister). In episode two, as the hunt for Gary's killer continues, Kevin from the MET arrives to assist in the investigation. "Tensions mount as the killer torments the community further." While there was backlash over the Trevor Francis blunder, many viewers did enjoy the gripping first episode and were astonished by the stellar cast. "James Graham dramas don't half attract a top quality cast. #Sherwood," Mike Elrick tweeted. Effy added: "#Sherwood has good representation from Poldark, Downton Abbey, New Tricks, Lewis and Poirot. Lots of familiar faces." Sherwood continues on BBC One on Tuesday at 9pm. While there was backlash over the Trevor Francis blunder, many viewers did enjoy the gripping first episode and were astonished by the stellar cast. "James Graham dramas don't half attract a top quality cast. #Sherwood," Mike Elrick tweeted. Effy added: "#Sherwood has good representation from Poldark, Downton Abbey, New Tricks, Lewis and Poirot. Lots of familiar faces." Sherwood continues on BBC One on Tuesday at 9pm. 