Chelsea are 'really exploring' the opportunity to sign Raheem Sterling this summer, according to reports. However, the Blues are waiting for Manchester City to put a price tag on the England international. Sterling is out of contract at the Etihad at the end of next season. He was not always a regular in the Premier League last term, with just 23 of his 30 appearances coming as a starter. The 27-year-old still managed 13 goals and five assists but the arrivals of Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez could limit his game time further. Chelsea have been linked with Sterling and transfer expert Fabrizio Romano has now given an update. He claims Chelsea are seriously looking at Sterling as an option this summer but City are yet to state how much they would want for him. Speaking on his Here We Go Podcast, Romano said: “There is genuine interest from Chelsea in Raheem Sterling. READ MORE: Chelsea make 'important bid' for Tottenham target to scupper Antonio Conte plans  “They’re really exploring this possibility. There is no negotiation yet with Man City and Chelsea. At the moment, there isn’t direct talks but there is interest from Chelsea in Sterling’s situation. They’re waiting to see how much would be the price tag.” Sterling joined City from Liverpool in 2015 and has won four Premier League titles, four League Cups and an FA Cup during his time at the club. However, he was brought up in London and could be making a return to the capital in this window. Former Chelsea left-back Scott Minto believes the Blues would be the ideal destination for him. Minto told talkSPORT: “Raheem Sterling is even more a no-brainer [for Chelsea], I mean my goodness. DON'T MISSArsenal's Youri Tielemans decision hints at next two signings after Fabio Vieira transferArsenal summer signing speaks out on transfer before official club announcementChristian Eriksen 'makes decision on Man Utd transfer' as Tottenham twist takes place  "You kind of think ‘Well where would he go?' He isn’t going back to Liverpool, he isn’t going to go to [Manchester] United. Next best? Well, United are way down there, but Chelsea would be perfect for him. “Chelsea and Spurs I think would be two good moves for him, but Chelsea still I think they would be able to bridge that gap certainly more than what Spurs could do so I would absolutely go for it.” Chelsea are yet to make any signings in the Todd Boehly era. Thomas Tuchel is prioritising defensive recruitments but will add in attack if Romelu Lukaku leaves after just one season back at the club.  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here