Mr Mackinlay has lifted the lid on the internal power struggles which threaten to engulf the Tory party and unseat Prime Minister Boris Johnson. The Conservative MP believes a pro-EU faction of Tory plotters is behind a bid to soften Brexit and take Britain back into the single market. Mr Mackinlay told GB News: "You've got some who just don't like Boris – there's a number who just never liked Boris throughout his political career; then you've got others who are concerned about Brexit – they're still fighting the Brexit War. He continued: "Then you've got those who have been shuffled out of Government or those who think they're so marvellous they should be in Government. "And then you've got those, who I would normally be quite aligned with, and that would be like your Philip Davies’ view of the Conservative Party, that we're not really delivering enough conservative policies. "But, overlaying all of that, we've got a Brexit battle." The MP for South Thanet described the Tory party as a "very wide and broad church." He told GB News: "It became that sort of culmination of all those that have got these negative feelings, and it sort of burst forth, and the 54 threshold to Sir Graham Brady was reached, and we had that vote last week. "Of course, nobody's sure what everybody voted but I voted to support the Prime Minister because, in my view, he's the best on offer." GB News' Gloria de Piero pressed the MP: "Do you honestly think there is a movement, or that part of the confidence vote in Boris Johnson is motivated in your party by a desire to overturn Brexit?" Mr Mackinlay replied: "Soften Brexit, I'm sure. Absolutely soften Brexit. "There are some who would like us back in the Single Market and a closer orbit with the European Union. "I'm sure once the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill actually goes to second reading and beyond through the subsequent stages of it, I think we'll see very clearly who they are." He went to make a direct appeal to his party colleagues, saying: "Let's get on with this job. DON'T MISS: EU legal action: Why Brussels is kicking off over Brexit bill [INSIGHT] 'Way forward is not tearing up treaty!' Irish host blasts UK diplomat [REPORT] Liz Truss: 'No reason' for EU to sue Britain over protocol plan [REVEAL] "Let's make the best of Brexit opportunities, which I would say we have not really taken advantage of. "I think we've got a civil service against a lot of these measures so that we don't diverge and use those freedoms fully, but I would say: ‘Please, let's get on with this job.' "We were elected to get Brexit done. We're elected with a very, very big majority, a handsome majority that we don't see very often, and we have the opportunity to make Britain a better place. "I do recognise that Covid put a lot of things on ice, and we've only got two years left before the next election."