As Wales’ highest mountain becomes increasingly popular with each passing year, staff and volunteers at Snowdonia National Park, or Parc Cenedlaethol Eryri in Welsh, have been working hard to make the mountain – and the surrounding area – as safe as possible for both holidaymakers and natives. Summer bank holidays see the North Welsh mountains experience some of their busiest periods, and this Jubilee Bank Holiday weekend is set to be no exception. It's easy to see why Snowdon, or Yr Wyddfa in Welsh, is such a popular mountain: it may be the highest mountain in England and Wales, but it’s one of the easiest to climb. All six of its paths present various challenges and adventures, but some are less difficult than others and are perfect for the beginner hiker. Depending on your speed and which trail you take, it’s only a three-hour trek to the top, on average. Once on the summit, the 360° view is a sight like no other: see the three peaks of Yr Eifl rising like sails on a ship in the Irish Sea in front of you, the majestic silver flank of Mynydd Eliffant to the left, the copper-coloured jagged ridge of Crib Goch to the right, the quilted grasslands of Moel Eilio and his neighbours behind you, and the charcoal waters of the slate-rimmed lakes of Llanberis beneath you. However, hiking up Snowdon is not always as magical as it should be. In recent months, Britons have taken to social media to complain about the crowds of people storming the mountain unprepared, wearing inappropriate clothing, and leaving trails of rubbish behind them. READ MORE: TUI holiday travel warning as it cancels all holidays to Sri Lanka Over the Easter holidays this year, Snowdonia National Park’s engagement officer, Helen Pye, said she’d received reports of “faeces” on some of the mountain’s paths, which, she added, were “upsetting and alarming”. On Saturday, April 23, Snowdon guide Gemma Davies said she was “totally disgusted” when she saw a man defecating on the mountain’s railway line. Others complained on social media that the mountain was like “Piccadilly Circus” and “busier than Blackpool”. Some Twitter users noted that they’d seen walkers wearing flip-flops over the Easter bank holiday – and the May bank holiday. In early May, Twitter user @moderatespuds posted an image of a woman donning a flimsy pair of grey flip-flops, with the caption: “Seen someone at the top of Yr Wyddfa yesterday with these beauts on.”(sic) The woman had clearly made it to the summit in the footwear, but staff working for Snowdonia National Park have urged people to be more careful when preparing to climb Snowdon. DON'T MISS: Flight attendant shares 'genius' hack to carry extra bag for free [REVEALED]Why you should 'check your passport' if it was issued before 2018 [EXPLAINER]Seven foot SHARK spotted swimming near beach off Ibiza coast [PICTURES] Angela Jones, the authority’s Partnerships Manager, shared her top tips on getting the most out of your hike this Bank Holiday weekend – in the safest and most respectable way possible. She told Express.co.uk: “Before climbing Snowdon, people need to check the weather first. “We do get a lot of rain in the mountains so carrying waterproofs is really really important. “You need to have supportive footwear too – whatever works for you is fine, but I still think that sandals is inappropriate. Something that supports your ankles is good, something that’s comfortable, something that you can walk seven or eight hours in.” Angela stressed that the café at Snowdon’s summit is currently closed and will not be open again until 2023, and so “there are no toilet facilities on the mountain at all”. “Our standard line is to tell people to go before you go,” she said. “Make sure that use the toilet at the various car parks – or there is a toilet at the bottom of each path.” Snowdonia National Park now has an app called Snowdon Walks, which offers preparation advice to visitors, as well as information on each of the mountain’s six paths. Angela recommended downloading this before heading up the mountain, but also ensuring to take a physical map with you, just in case. It’s also worth remembering to pack warm clothes with you in a backpack, Angela said, as “last year, there were people queuing for up to two hours, and, you know, you’re 1000 meters up in the air and standing still, so your body temperature is going to drop”. “So just really be aware of that,” she warned. “Give people space if there’s crowds, and keep an eye out for the people in your party.” Angela’s favourite trail to the summit is from Rhyd Ddu, but the Pen-y-Gwryd track and Miners’ track – both of which begin from the Pen-y-Pass car park – are popular choices. The car park is, however, always incredibly busy and must be booked in advance, and so the best approach is to park in Llanberis and take the Snowdon sherpa bus up. The National Park is expecting hoards of visitors who will not only be hiking, but taking the the small, toy-like steam train up Snowdon this weekend too. Chris Jones, Snowdonia Mountain Railway’s Revenue Manager, told Express.co.uk: “We expect to carry approximately 800 passengers each day over the Bank Holiday, after reintroducing the steam trains for the first time in three years. “We are currently sold out until Monday, June 6. This is normally the case every Bank Holiday weekend and throughout the summer season – booking in advance is essential during busy periods.” Although huge crowds seem inevitable, Angela and the rest of the staff looking after the National Park don’t want to prevent anyone from visiting the area. Snowdon is not the only attraction in North Wales, after all. “I think my biggest message would be to do your research before coming – even if it's half an hour on our website,” Angela said. “There’s so much information there about what you can see here and what different things there are on offer.” She added: “If you’re coming here, we encourage everyone to spend at least a few days, and to try and really get under the skin of the area – try to understand the area and the people who live and work here, as well as appreciate the amazing biodiversity and the environment in general.”