Ukraine's Armed Forces released a video showing the destruction of a "modern and valuable" Russian communication station. The station, either satcom R-439-OD or P-260-Os, was wiped out by artillery fire of the 92nd Mechanized Brigade. Video of the attack shows Ukraine's drone locking a target on the base in Vasilenkove, Kharkiv before launching strikes. The station, which sits next to a farm, suffers two huge explosions before smoke billows into the air. Military expert Rob Lee tweeted about the attack: "Video from Ukraine's SSO and 92nd Mechanized Brigade showing artillery strikes reportedly on a Russian R-439-OD or P-260-O communications vehicle in Vasilenkove, Kharkiv Oblast." The brigade claimed that the attack on the communication station was based on a "tipoff". The loss of the communication station could spark further chaos for the Russian troops, who are already revolting against Moscow in unprecedented numbers. JUST IN: Putin given bleak warning as Russian tanks blown up one-by-one  Military decrees viewed by The Wall Street Journal this week revealed that hundreds of Russian soldiers have escaped the fighting in Ukraine or refused to take part. Western intelligence agencies say there is broad evidence of chaos and disorder among Russian forces in Ukraine. In May, a senior US defense official told reporters that Russian “mid-grade officers at various levels, even up to the battalion level have either refused to obey orders or are not obeying them with the same measure of alacrity that you would expect an officer to obey". Also this week, a group of Russian separatist soldiers revolted after their commanders left them on the frontline "in hunger and cold".  Footage posted on Telegram shows an entire battalion, claiming to be the Donetsk People’s Republic’s 113th rifle regiment, in the midst of a mutiny. Ukraine has also launched a fightback to recapture parts of Sievierodonetsk, which Russia seized this week. The head of the eastern region of Luhansk, Serhiy Haidai, said that Ukrainian troops had recaptured 20 percent of the territory they had lost to Russian forces DON'T MISS: Ukraine Live: Russian forces betray Putin as troops refuse to fight [LIVE BLOG]Corbyn could scupper Prince Charles' accession with unprecedented move [INSIGHT]Republic boss loses it as BBC host rips claim apart [INTERVIEW]  He said: "Now our military has pushed them back. They are really suffering huge losses. "As soon as we have enough Western long-range weapons, we will push their artillery away from our positions. "And then, believe me, the Russian infantry, they will just run." The latest intelligence briefing from the British Ministry of Defence claims that Russian forces have combined airstrikes and massed artillery fires to bring its “overwhelming” firepower to bear in Donbas. 