Manchester United and Liverpool have pledged not to enter a bidding war for Darwin Nunez as the fierce rivals chase the striker’s signature during the summer’s transfer window, according to reports. The Uruguayan has become one of the most sought after players in Europe after scoring 34 goals in 41 games for Benfica this season. As a result, the Liga Portugal giants are reported to have placed a value of on the striker. Nunez is particularly well known in Liverpool having scored in both legs of the Champions League between the two sides. According to Fabrizio Romano, both sides have committed to avoiding a protracted bidding war for the player. The Anfield side look to have moved first with the club preparing an £80m bid plus add ons in an attempt to attract the player to Merseyside. However, United remain in contact with Nunez’s agent as they hope to improve their forward line. Both teams desperately require attacking reinforcements as they approach the upcoming season. Ironically, Liverpool’s need is arguably greater. Sadio Mane looks set to end his stint at the club as he searches for a new challenge, while Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino are only contracted for one more season. Additionally, fringe attackers Divock Origi, Takumi Minamino and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain are likely to leave the club this summer leaving them light in attacking areas in the long-term. Jurgen Klopp sees this season as the perfect time to breed new blood into his frontline. United’s problems are more self-explanatory. With the exception of Cristiano Ronaldo, the Old Trafford side have struggled for goals all season and are therefore looking to add further options to their front line. Nunez, who can play up front or out wide, would provide a different option to the Portugal captain. Furthermore, the Uruguayan would become a direct replacement for countryman Edinson Cavani who will leave the club at the end of his contract. Benfica are in a strong negotiating position with the forward contract at the club until 2025. However, it is clear Nunez will be moving on especially after he hired Portuguese super-agent Jorge Mendes in April. Liverpool and United also face competition from elsewhere for the forward’s signature with Chelsea and PSG also said to be interested in buying the player. Nunez’s eventual destination remains unknown but the transfer is certain to be one of the most interesting of the window.