Brian Edwards installed the gym and tub during the COVID-19 lockdown in a bid to lose weight. The father of one decked the timber cabin out with a play area, bar and seating and applied for retrospective planning permission. Neighbours in Wynyard, County Durham, feared their privacy would be obliterated and said Mr Edwards a showed "total disregard" for planning regulations. Michael Illingworth, who lives on the street, told Teesside Live: "The structure is oversized and brings shade to my garden and the sunlight once enjoyed on a morning." He called it "an absolute disgrace". And former Thornaby mayor Councillor Steve Walmsley said: "Just looking at the pictures, you can see it dominates the area and there is a lot of privacy there - there is no argument about that. "This is a mini Bannatyne’s. A lot of people have built these kinds of things during covid, turning them into bars and things. But this goes to the nth degree." Bannatyne's is a chain of health clubs founded by Scottish businessman Duncan Bannatyne, of Dragons' Den fame. There are around 60 gyms across the UK. But despite the uproar, Stockton-on-Tees Borough Council this week approved the work in an eight-to-five vote.     Speaking after the ruling, Mr Edwards, who was made redundant during the first lockdown, said: "I decided providing a gym in my back garden would help as I was struggling to find time to keep fit as part of my daily routine along with childcare and working full time. "It’s helped massively to promote good mental health in my immediate family." The hot tub has provided hydrotherapy to ease Mr Edwards' early onset arthritis while the dad says the cabin playroom will offer a space for kids’ birthday parties in future. Mr Edwards added: "I’ve installed a mini-fridge for some beer and installed a dartboard. It’s not a full bar in the sense of the word. I use it as a place to relax at the weekend and, as we do not have immediate childcare in the area, we see it as a home away from home. It’s fair to say I’m in my mid-40s - and my socialising days are well and truly behind me. "I’m not from the local area so I don’t have an immediate friend network. My life has moved on - I’m a hardworking guy just trying to do the best for his family." But Nicola Illingworth, who is married to neighbour Michael, said the plush cabin was built "right up to the boundary" of other properties. "It’s a 6ft garden fence - and when people are at chest height to that, it results in the total removal of privacy and residential amenity, not only in our garden, but in our kitchen, dining room and family room," she had said. "This complete removal of privacy has a hugely detrimental effect on our ability to enjoy our house and garden - and must not be allowed to remain." Planning chief Simon Grundy said he understood frustrations about the plans being retrospective - but explained removing the cabin was "not an option". The committee was told they couldn’t "over enforce" as the outbuilding was only 6cm taller than the height limit which triggered the need for planning permission in the first place. Councillor Paul Kirton suggested the garden fence could be made taller to improve neighbours' privacy.