Daniel Ricciardo's personality has been questioned by former Australian F1 star Alan Jones, warning ‘nice guys don't get anywhere’. The 1980 world champion claimed drivers are better off the bigger a ‘d*ck they are’ which is not the case for Ricciardo. He warned Ricciardo's future at McLaren is under severe threat and stressed he will not be at the team for ‘too much longer' if results don’t soon improve. Speaking to Australia's Herald Sun, Jones said: “[His McLaren future] is questionable at the moment. “Unless he makes a few improvements, quick smart, I really can’t see him being there for too much longer to be honest. A contract in Formula One doesn’t mean much… but if the situation remains the same as it is I have no doubt in my mind they will exercise one of those options that are in the contract. “He is a great little race driver and he is a hell of a nice guy but, of course, we all know nice guys don’t get anywhere, particularly in Formula One. The biggest d*ck you are, the better off you are. There are a few out there at the moment that have proved that.” READ MORE: Four drivers who may replace Daniel Ricciardo at McLaren Ricciardo has been unable to match the results of team-mate Lando Norris since joining the team at the start of last season. The former Red Bull star has scored just 11 points this season compared to Norris’ 48. Ricciardo has only beaten Norris twice this season and has only scored one podium in a year and a half where the Briton has secured five. McLaren boss Zak Brown increased the pressure on Ricciardo ahead of the Monaco Grand Prix, suggesting the Australian had not met the team’s expectations. Brown explained: "Lando definitely has an edge. Obviously, we would like to see Daniel much closer to Lando and have a good intra-team battle… Short of kind of Monza and a few races, it’s generally not kind of met his or our expectations.” DON'T MISSJenson Button responds to McLaren after CEO calls out Daniel Ricciardo [INSIGHT] Sergio Perez’s new deal may give McLaren perfect fix to Ricciardo woes [ANALYSIS]Daniel Ricciardo's McLaren contract could be terminated early  [COMMENT] However, 32-year-old Ricciardo accepted the remarks, claiming Brown’s comments were ‘pretty true’. He accepted his Mclaren career had seemed ‘more testing at times’ but stressed the team were ‘working through’ the issues as best they could. Last year, Ricciardo admitted he signed a three-year deal with the squad meaning his current deal runs out at the end of the 2023 season.