Simon Jordan has argued that Mauricio Pochettino is a ‘bridesmaid’ with no ‘gravitas’ in a scathing attack on the Paris St Germain boss. The former Tottenham manager is set to be sacked by the Ligue 1 Champions following two disappointing seasons in the Champions League. The Argentine has spent 18 months in the French capital which has seen him win Ligue 1 last season and both the French cups in 2021. However, his spell in Paris has seen his side perform poorly in the Champions League having been knocked out in the semi-finals by Manchester City in 2021 and most recently by eventual champions Real Madrid season, despite the Parisians leading 2-0 on aggregate going into the second half of the second leg. In many ways it was a surprise the 50-year-old was not immediately sacked by the club he spent two seasons as a player at the end of the 2020/21 season, after he oversaw them losing the Ligue 1 title to Lille despite the vast disparity in investment between the two teams. The PSG hierarchy instead decides to extend his original 18 month deal by one season but it is now highly unlikely that he will see out his contract. Now TalkSport pundit Simon Jordan has hit out against Pochettino’s record in management on his regular show. “I’ve always felt he’s a bridesmaid,” the 54-year-old said .”People look at him and give him this standing that I don’t think he merits.” Despite managing teams like Espanyol, Tottenham and Southampton prior to joining the Parisians, the titles he won in France were the first of his management career. Jordan was scathing on this record, questioning why he is held in such high esteem in the footballing world. “He is not an X-Factor manager,” he explained. “He has not got any gravitas. Gravitas is based upon winning things.” Some reports have suggested that Pochettino will seek a return to the Premier League if, as expected, he is sacked by the French champions. During his time at PSG he has been regularly linked with top six sides including a return to Tottenham before they hired Nuno Espirito Santo. He was also a favourite for the Manchester United job before they chose Erik ten Hag. Jordan believes that the former Argentine international will not be wanted by any of the big six sides, given the current managers they have in place. Pochettino’s next club will be widely discussed as he plots his next move. Jordan’s criticisms may reverberate in the minds of club chairman if they come to consider him. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here