 The shocking analysis was published by the ONE Campaign. It found global life expectancy fell 1.64 years between 2019 and 2021, a downward progression believed to be fuelled by COVID-19 and soon to be exacerbated by climate change and a global food security crisis. On Covid, UK director for the ONE Campaign said: “The [UK] public get that this pandemic hasn’t ended. They get that the convergence of crises affects us all. “If we want to protect ourselves and the economy, the government must listen to the public and lead global response to ending the pandemic.”  READ MORE: Heart attack: Five 'atypical' symptoms that can show up months before    Results from the ONE Campaign come at a time when a new wave of coronavirus is beginning. This new wave is being driven in large part by two subvariants of Omicron known as BA.4 and BA5. This is combined with the lifting of restrictions and mass gatherings, such as those seen over the Jubilee weekend. Furthermore, another factor to consider in this new wave is the waning of population immunity. While Covid remains a threat, it isn’t the only bug going viral this summer.    Earlier this week, Polio was detected in the UK for the first time since 1984. The virus, known to cause paralysis or death in some cases, was found in North London Wednesday evening. In a statement, the UKHSA (United Kingdom Health Security Agency) said: “We are urgently investigating to better understand the extent of this transmission and the NHS has been asked to swiftly report any suspected cases to the UKHSA, though no cases have been reported or confirmed so far.” READ MORE: Diabetes type 2: The 2p drink that lowers blood sugar within minutes   Last month the first cases of monkeypox were detected in the UK. Since then, the virus has begun to spread quickly, particularly among sexually active young men, and close to 800 cases have now been detected.  Although young LGBTQ+ make up most of the patient case numbers, anyone of any sexuality or gender can catch the virus once spread through skin-on-skin touching. This is the virus with the lowest proportional threat level. Earlier this year a new mysterious form of hepatitis was detected in Scotland; mainly affecting the under-fives it has now spread around the world to over 30 countries. Fewer than 300 cases have been detected in the UK and, so far, no children have died as a result. 