The Nestle Milkybar is one of the most popular white chocolate bars in Britain, and it is easy to make into a thick, creamy cheesecake. Loved for its unique flavour and silky consistency, this sweet chocolate is a guaranteed crowd pleaser in any dessert. Here’s how to make your own “simple but delicious” Milkybar cheesecake, according to Jane’s Patisserie. No-bake cheesecake can be made by anyone and requires nothing more than a cold fridge to set the creamy filling. To make this rich white chocolate cheesecake yourself, you will need to cater for the biscuit base, the thick topping, and some decorations. Jane's Patisserie said: "This is basically a basic vanilla cheesecake, with additional white chocolate. It’s quite simple, but delicious." For the biscuit base, you will need: READ MORE: How to make the Queen's favourite tipple to celebrate the Jubilee For the filling: For the decoration: Start by blitzing the biscuits into a fine crumb to make the base. You can either use a food processor or bash them up in a large bowl using a rolling pin. Melt the butter on the stove or in the microwave until it is runny and mix it into the broken biscuits until combined. The mixture should resemble a heavy, wet sand when it is ready. Use the buttery biscuit crumbs to fill out the bottom of the tin, patting it down to secure a solid base. DON'T MISS:Mary Berry shares 'quick and easy' banana bread [INSIGHT]Oreo no-bake cheesecake: Pro's secret for the perfect crumbly base [REVEAL]Queen honoured with life-sized cake in 'stunning' tribute [ANALYSIS] For the filling, you will need to melt the Milkybar chocolate carefully, making sure it doesn’t burn. It is best to do this in a glass dish over a boiling pan of water, or you can do it in the microwave in short intervals. Put the melted chocolate to one side and start whisking the cream cheese, icing sugar and vanilla extract together. One this is combined, add the melted Milkybar into the mix and use a folding motion to swirl the creamy ingredients together. Finish by adding the double cream and continue to whisk until the liquids turn into a thick filling. Pour the heavy mixture onto the biscuit base once it has cooled down, spreading it evenly across the tin. Refrigerate for at least five hours, or leave overnight if you can. Once the cheesecake has fully set, carefully remove it from the springform tin by releasing the buckle on the side. To finish off your cheesecake, Jane’s Patisserie said: “Whip together your double cream and icing sugar until soft peaks are formed, and pipe onto your cheesecake. “Add a piece of Milkybar to each swirl, and enjoy!” This sweet dessert should keep for around three days in the fridge once made.