If you've been following our coverage of Wordle, then you'll know that we pride ourselves on providing the best tips and daily Wordle hints. We've shown you some of the best words to use when playing Wordle, but what are the worst words that you should definitely avoid? This includes some of the "best" starting words that aren't actually as good at revealing green or yellow squares as you may think. Indeed, in a study carried out by WordFinder, it appears as though popular starting words like About, Bacon, Beach, Blahs, Could, Fight, Hasty, Horns, Match, Mount, Quest, Thins, Train, Truck, Until, World and Worst all score below average when attempting to uncover green and yellow letters. Adieu is only marginally better, uncovering green letters just 29% of the time (the recommended average is 35%), but yellow letters 83% of the time (this is above the average of 74%). Elsewhere, words like Ideas, Quote, Rants, Short, Spicy and Trace are OK, but you should probably swap them out if you want to solve the puzzle quickly and in few guesses as possible. According to the report, the worst of the worst words include Fuffy, Fuzzy, Immix, Jeeze, Jugum, Phpht, Pzazz, Qajaq, Xylyl and Zizit. While these words are obviously to be avoided if you want a good Wordle score, you could use them if you want to give yourself an extra challenge. Needless to say, if you really want a helping hand, check out Express Online's daily Wordle hints and tips. Perfect for when you've got five or ten minutes to spare, Wordle tasks players with figuring out a five letter word in just six guesses. To master Wordle and solve those daily puzzles, you'll need to pay close attention to the colour of the tiles after each guess. If the letter tile turns grey, the letter does not appear in the word you are guessing. If the tile turns yellow, the letter you guessed is in the word, just not in the correct position. If the tile turns green, the letter is in the word and in the right place. The app keeps track of your statistics, showing the number of correct answers you've managed, as well as your winning streak. If you fail to solve the puzzle, then you'll have to wait until the next day for a new Wordle to be released. You'll also lose your precious winning streak.