The horror quake struck on Wednesday morning around 27 miles (44km) from the city of Khost, not far from the border with Pakistan, at a depth of 31.6 miles (51km), according to the US Geological Survey (USGS). Shaking could also be felt in Afghanistan, Pakistan and India. At least 1,000 people have now been confirmed dead, and 1,500 injured in Afghanistan's deadliest earthquake in two decades. The majority of the confirmed deaths were in the eastern Afghan province of Paktika, where at least 255 people were killed and more than 200 injured, according to interior ministry official Salahuddin Ayubi. Mr Ayubi added that 25 people in the Khost province have been killed, and 90 were taken to hospital. He said: "The death toll is likely to rise as some of the villages are in remote areas in the mountains and it will take some time to collect details" Local officials warned this morning that the death toll will rise if the central government does not provide emergency help, Afghanistan's state-run news agency Bakhtar reported.  Bilal Karimi, a deputy spokesman for the Taliban government, tweeted: "A severe earthquake shook four districts of Paktika province, killing and injuring hundreds of our countrymen and destroying dozens of houses. "We urge all aid agencies to send teams to the area immediately to prevent further catastrophe." The authorities have now launched a rescue mission using helicopters to reach the injured and to deliver food and medical supplies to the affected areas. Reporting from Kabul, Afghan journalist Ali M Latifi said: "Authorities have brought in helicopters and are calling for aid agencies to come in and rescue people from the rubble. But it is a hard area to reach." The Barmala, Ziruk, Naka and Gayan districts of the Paktia province have been particularly badly affected. READ MORE: Putin sent warning: UK's 'three-year secret' finally unveiled And, according to the EMSC, around 119 million people could feel the shakes over a 310-mile (500km) range across Pakistan, Afghanistan and India. Witness accounts posted on the EMSC website reveal that shaking was felt in the Afghan capital Kabul, and Peshwar in northwestern Pakistan. The Kabul resident posted: "Strong and long jolts." A Peshwar resident noted: "It was strong." The Pakistan Meteorological Department has said that jolts were felt in parts of Punjab and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa provinces. DON'T MISS Western weapons obliterate Putin's resupply vessel in Black Sea [REPORT] Musk mystery as 'four unidentified payloads' spark fears [REVEAL] Disease warning after fatal Victorian-era illness outbreak at UK uni [REPORT]   But no immediate reports of damage or casualties in Pakistan have surfaced. The Afghanistan quake, which will likely cause economic damage, comes after the country had already been battered by a severe economic crisis following its takeover by the Taliban. This came after US-led international forces pulled out of the country following a war that lasted over 20 years. Its economy was heavily dependent on aid, but billions of cuts to the aid followed the Taliban takeover, as well as crippling Western sanctions on its banking sector. 