Prince Charles' plan to take over from the Queen could be wrecked by Jeremy Corbyn, who holds a place on the royal accession committee. While the accession committee has historically been a rubber-stamping exercise, the presence of "several republicans" could scupper Charles' plans. Any move to hold up Charles' accession or block the move would be unprecedented and could throw the country into chaos. The potential showdown between Charles and Corbyn was discussed by royal biographer Nigel Cawthorne on GB News this morning. Morning host Stephen Dixon said: "Charles and William are headlining the concert tonight. "We have seen the repositioning of the royals and that Charles is starting to take the lead now, aren't we?" Mr Cawthorne responded: "Unfortunately we are not going to see another Jubilee for the Queen." JUST IN: Meghan and Harry hold 'secret talks' with Prince Charles  He continued: "So the royal staff are ushering Charles into position and they are fiddling around with the accession committee. "Everyone thinks that when the Queen dies, Charles automatically takes over. "But there is something called the accession committee which has to invite the next monarch to take the throne. "Since 1688, they issue an invitation to the next monarch.  "Legally, it should be a unanimous decision. Unfortunately, on the accession committee, there are several republicans, including Jeremy Corbyn, "There are various big wigs like the Lord Mayor of London but most of it is the Privy Council which Corbyn is still a member of. "It has been seen as a rubber-stamping in the past." DON'T MISS: Jubilee LIVE: Harry and Meghan's 'low profile' promise to Queen [LIVE BLOG]Republic boss loses it as BBC host rips claim apart [INTERVIEW]BBC backlash: Platinum Jubilee coverage blasted in furious rant [VIDEO]  It is thought that Charles' coronation will happen within a year of his accession to the throne. In February this year, the Queen announced that it was her "sincere wish" for Camilla to be named Queen Consort upon Charles's ascension. Meanwhile, members of the Royal Family are spending the third day of the Jubilee celebrations attending events across the country. The Prince of Wales and Duke of Cambridge will pay tribute to the Queen at an open-air concert on Saturday evening. 