Prince Harry and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex will soon be touching down in the UK for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. While no longer frontline members of the Royal Family, the pair will still be making appearances with the Royal Family to mark 70 years of Queen Elizabeth II on the throne. The couple are also bringing their two young children Archie, 3, and Lilibet, who will celebrate her first birthday on Saturday. Young Lilibet will also be introduced to her great grandmother the Queen for the first time, having never met in person before. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who left the UK for Meghan’s California home in 2020, will not be bringing media advisers or senior members of their team. They will instead be travelling with a limited number of security personnel. READ MORE: Sussexes will lockdown in royal fortress during Jubilee return The royal pair plan to “keep it simple” according to a royal insider, and ITV’s Chris Ship said royal aides are hoping they will “stick to the script”. They will not have their own programme of engagements either, given that they gave up representing the Queen in an official capacity as part of their severance agreement. Their visit will be the second this year from the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who paid a private visit to the Queen in April while en route to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands. It will also be Meghan’s first public engagement since leaving the fold in 2020. A list of official appearances by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex has not been released. It has already been announced that they will not make an appearance on the balcony of Buckingham Palace for Trooping the Colour on Thursday morning. The Queen decided only working members of the firm - like Charles and Camilla, William and Kate, and Edward and Sophie could accompany her for the iconic balcony moment. However, they are known to be making an appearance at the service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral on Friday. DON'T MISS'Glowing!' Princess Eugenie turns heads in £149 Whistles skater dress [IMAGES]Platinum Jubilee flypast aircraft: Every plane you could spot [EXPLAINER]Meghan and Harry returning to Royal Family 'off the table' [INSIGHT] The service of Thanksgiving is scheduled to kick off at 11.45am. You can watch A Service of Thanksgiving on BBC One and BBC iPlayer on Friday, June 3, from 9.15am. David Dimbleby, Kirsty Young and Sophie Raworth will broadcast the service live from St Paul's Cathedral. No official date has been announced for their arrival, but it is suspected to be on Wednesday, given the celebrations begin on Thursday. They will be staying at Frogmore Cottage - their home near Windsor Castle.