French police have finally apologised for ‘attacking’ and tear-gassing Liverpool fans at last month’s Champions League final in Paris. Reds fans queued for hours to get into the Stade de France to watch their team's showdown with Real Madrid and were subjected to horrifying scenes outside the stadium. Paris police chief Didier Lallement addressed the French Senate on Thursday to discuss the actions of his police force. And he admitted his officers were at fault. “It is obviously a failure,” Lallement said. “It was a failure because people were pushed around and attacked. It was a failure because the image of the country was undermined.” Lallement had previously claimed that 40,000 Liverpool fans had tried to enter the Champions League final with fake tickets. But he has now acknowledged there was no scientific evidence to back-up his comments. “The figure has no scientific virtue but it came from feedback from police and public transport officials,” Lallement added. "Maybe I was wrong, but it was constructed from all the information harvested. READ MORE: Tottenham icon Chris Waddle questions 'strange' Ivan Perisic signing "Whether there are 30,000 or 40,000 people, it doesn't change anything. What matters is that there were people, in large numbers, likely to disrupt the proper organisation of the filtering. But that we count them precisely to within 5,000, it doesn't change much.” The French interior minister Gerald Darmanin also previously insisted that much of the blame lay with Liverpool fans as he remarked that 30,000 to 40,000 people arrived without genuine tickets which led to a crush in the crowd. There is now set to be an independent review into the Champions League final and Liverpool chiefs are desperate to get answers about the French police’s heavy-handedness and why their fans were treated so badly. Officials from the Anfield club are set to meet the chair of the review as they want to be satisfied the process will be fully independent.  UEFA have appointed Portuguese politician Dr Tiago Brandao Rodrigues to oversee the review. But there have been suggestions he has links to the president of European football’s governing body Aleksandar Ceferin. And the Reds also want answers to 13 questions they have submitted to UEFA. “We are hugely disappointed at the stadium entry issues and breakdown of the security perimeter that Liverpool fans faced this evening at Stade de France,” Liverpool wrote in a statement on the day of the Champions League final. “This is the greatest match in European football and supporters should not have to experience the scenes we have witnessed tonight. We have officially requested a formal investigation into the causes of these unacceptable issues.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here