Kate, 40, officially joined the Royal Family in April 2011. During her early days as the Duchess of Cambridge, Kate faced challenges as she struggled to carve out her new royal role. Speaking on the Daily Mirror's royal podcast Pod Save The Queen, royal biographer Andrew Morton discussed the similarities of the early struggles faced between the Duchess and William's late mother, Diana, the Princess of Wales. Speaking on the latest epiosde of the podcast, Mr Morton praised Kate well-thought-out approach to adjusting to royal life and said that it reminded him of Diana. The royal biographer, who was on the podcast to speak all about his 25th book titled 'The Queen', said: "I realised after watching the Royal Family for all these years that it takes a long, long time to really understand what it is like to be royal. "Catherine Middleton has spent ten, twelve years coming to terms with it. "It just takes a long time to absorb yourself into it". READ MORE: Meghan and Harry furiously defended over new Oprah visit 'Why the hate?!' He added: "Catherine was quite a shy person, so making speeches and being in the public was something of an ordeal but I think she's overcome that. "She reminds me so much of Diana. "She [Diana] struggled for a few years to come to terms with what it is like to be a princess." Over recent years, and in particular the past few months, Kate has played more a prominent role amongst the Royal Family, alongside her husband. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Unhappy' Harry 'homesick' despite Meghan's attempts at perfect LA life Earlier this month, Kate and William, along with their two eldest children, visited Cardiff Castle as part of their trip in celebration of the Platinum Jubilee. A short clip of the Duchess smiling and interacting with adoring royal fans was posted on Twitter by @Hellen3030. In the clip, one royal fan gushed that Kate will make "a brilliant Princess of Wales". The Duchess replied: "That's very kind", before adding "I'm in good hands". As she replied, she gave a nod towards her husband, who was guiding their children just ahead. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan stuck in 'stalemate' with royals [INSIGHT]Meghan's comments on Kate 'really damaging' for Harry and William [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry 'thinking of relinquishing title' - claim [VIDEO] Prince William is currently second in the line of succession. William's father, Prince Charles is next in line to the throne. Kate met William in 2001 at Scotland's University of St Andrews. At the start, the two were very low-key about their relationship. They had a brief split in early 2007 but quickly rekindled their relationship. The couple got married a decade after they met and now, 11 years later, share three children. READ NEXT: