Lady Louise, 18, has long been considered one of the Queen's favoured grandchildren but has kept largely away from the public spotlight throughout her childhood. The Queen’s granddaughter has often been said to enjoy a special bond with her late grandfather, the Duke of Edinburgh. Both royals shared a love of carriage driving, which Louise has maintained through the years. But Lady Louise, the eldest child of Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex, was tipped for a more prominent role in Royal Family life as she approached adulthood. Part of this may be the image of "glamour" she has grown into in recent years, Professor Cele Otnes suggested to Express.co.uk. Professor Otnes, co-author of "Royal Fever", pinpointed how Lady Louise is now "past the gawky stage" of adolescence and grown into an elegant young royal. She added: “Lady Louise is becoming quite glamorous. "For a while she was known as the granddaughter who rode around with Prince Philip.” Lady Louise took a step forward into the royal limelight during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations, first appearing during the Trooping the Colour parade on June 2. She joined her brother, James, Viscount Severn, and their parents on the traditional carriage ride down the Mall to Horse Guards Parade. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'sidelines' by 'callous' Firm They then joined other senior royals in the Major General’s office to watch the procession. The teenage royal was elegant in a pale pink jacket layered over a bright floral dress and matching hat. She then appeared on the balcony of Buckingham Palace to watch the RAF flypast closing the first event of the Platinum Jubilee weekend. The Palace had previously stipulated that only working royals would take their place on the balcony for the high-profile photo-op. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: William and Charles hold showdown with Queen [LIVE] Prince Harry and Meghan right not to overshadow Queen's Jubilee - poll [REVEAL] William and Kate to move out of ‘confined’ London for children [REPORT] The Palace said the Queen had made the decision to limit participation after "careful consideration". Buckingham Palace explained in a statement: “After careful consideration, the Queen has decided this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday 2nd June will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen.” But Lady Louise was one of the few notable exceptions to this rule, alongside her younger brother, 14, and the young Cambridge siblings. Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and four-year-old Louis gathered on the balcony with their parents, William and Kate, for the RAF spectacle. Princess Anne’s husband, Vice Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence, also counted himself among the assembled crowd. But Lady Louise does not hold the title of Princess, despite being the grandchild of the monarch.