The GB News presenter discussed Prince Andrew's "convenient" positive Covid test result with royal commentator Nigel Cawthorne before he made an insensitive comment about Princess Diana. The Duke of York was set to join the wider royal family at the high-profile event in St Paul's Cathedral on Friday. Ms Diamond said: "He was notably absent because he apparently had Covid, that was incredibly convenient." Mr Cawthorne replied: "It was but the Royal Family have a wonderful way of handling royal issues. "At least they didn't have to organise a car crash in Paris." As Ms Diamond and co-host Stephen Dixon were visibly taken aback by the comment, the royal commentator continued: "Too soon?" Ms Diamond added: "I think far too soon and far too painful at a time when we should be celebrating the Queen." READ MORE: Republic boss loses it as BBC host rips claim apart GB News viewers were quick to lash out at the commentator. Christne Jess wrote: "Get that horrible man off GB News, what a horrible comment regarding Diana's car crash! Shame on you." Morgan added: "That guy should never come back." Alex Wilde noted: "Nigel Cawthorne has been on GB News last Thursday with Alister Stewart and again this morning. He has been disrespectful to the Royal family. We do not need him at anytime this weekend." It comes as royal fans have gathered along The Mall in front of Buckingham Palace to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee and reminisced about being there for Diana's funeral. Friends Hillary Mathews, 70, from Hertfordshire, and Peter Aldam, 69, from Essex, said they met in London this morning to celebrate the "once in a lifetime event" as they waved flags on The Mall. Ms Mathews said: "It's just fantastic. She has just been so remarkable, the Queen. "She has done an amazing job, absolutely - who would want to do that for 70 years? Just magnificent," she added. DON'T MISS BBC backlash: Platinum Jubilee coverage blasted in furious rant [VIDEO]Jet2 boss blames Jubilee airport chaos on 'lazy Brits on benefits' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry caught trying to look at William but royal refused [ANALYSIS] Speaking about the parade, Ms Mathews said: "Being 5ft 1in, I don't suppose I'll see much, but it's just being here with the crowds, and we'll see the flypast from here, so that will be good. "It's just lovely to be somewhere where there are nice people. "Everybody has got the same mission - all the horrors that's been going on in the world and in England at the moment are put behind us for a day, and we can just enjoy really celebrating the Queen." Talking about the sunny weather, she said: "I was here for Princess Diana's funeral, it was the same day just a long time ago - but a happier day today." Mr Aldam added of the monarch: "I've always known her. All my lifetime, she's been there and it's just a sign of respect, really."