They spoke at a jubilee street party they held earlier, where table places were set for each of the 72 people killed by the 2017 fire in west London. Each place at the table was set with a name card, napkin, plate, cup and flag.  The Justice4Grenfell campaign group has held a street party to mark the Jubilee, with places set for each of the 72 people killed in the devastating fire. Those attending reflected on how the Queen and Prince William had visited relief efforts at the Westway Sports Centre in North Kensington just hours after the fire. Emma Louise O'Connor, who escaped when the tower caught fire in June 2017, said: “The Jubilee celebrations being so close to the five-year anniversary, it's kind of hard to be able to get involved with celebrating, even though I have plenty of respect for the Queen. “She came down to visit Westway, which was the right thing to do... this happened in her borough.”   The special arrangement made for the victims was highly appreciated by the social media users. One of the users, Mark Bowsher, tweeted: “This is phenomenally powerful.” A second user Sue Duggins tweeted: “I was wondering what happened to J4G as they've been quiet for a year. “But here they are, a few weeks before the anniversary.” READ MORE: Catherine Southon faces calls for 'ban' from Bargain Hunt viewers  A third user Pamela Hyett tweeted: “What a poignant reminder of all the lives lost. Nothing has really been done to stop this happening again either. How awful is that.” A fourth user Anthony. Ryan tweeted: “Fantastic. So powerful. So impressive. So moving. So infuriating.” Yvette Williams, a Justice4Grenfell campaigner, said the Queen had been “embraced” by the community in North Kensington when she visited, but criticised the Government's response to the fire. She said: “Five years on, a toothless public inquiry and millions still trapped in their homes by flammable cladding, and still no justice. DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry get lift from Queen’s Land RoverBrexit LIVE: 'Snobbish!' Breakthrough plan savaged as 'best' excludedRussian Ministers accused of committing over 15k suspected war crimes “There have been no lessons learned and little action taken. “As people up and down the country enjoy street parties, as they quite rightly should, we want to let the powers that be know that our community will always remember the 72 who died needlessly here that night.” 