There are several types of weeds which can grow in gardens including dandelions, nettles and daisies. They can grow on the lawn, in flower beds as well as appear on driveways and patios. Kate Turner, gardening guru at Miracle-Gro, has shared how to identify what is a weed and what isn’t. The gardening expert explained: “Some weeds can be really pretty and beneficial for wildlife, so you might not always want to get rid of them. “Weeds will generally be more out of control than your ornamental plants.” The expert said ornamental plants are usually more delicate than weeds. She added: “They’re also more obviously placed than weeds which tend to spread all over the place.” READ MORE: Easy ways to banish ‘pesky’ garden bugs - from garlic to coffee Weeds can grow anywhere there is room for them. This includes in patio cracks, driveways as well as on the lawn. Weeds are spread by the wind as well as animals carrying their seeds. Kate continued: “When planting a garden, always label and take photos. DON'T MISS:I tried The Pink Stuff 99p paste to clean my towel radiator - results [PICTURES]‘Essential’ way to help ‘thicken’ grass and maintain ‘fabulous’ lawn [COMMENT]Pests: How to ‘naturally repel’ moths this summer [EXPERT] “That way you will have a record of which plants you want to keep in your garden.” While some weeds can be unsightly, others can add colour into the garden including dandelions. Experts recommend only removing weeds if they are competing with plants for moisture, nutrients and space. But how can you get rid of garden weeds for good? A spokesperson for GardeningExpress.co.uk said: “There’s nothing more disheartening than seeing hours of hard work in the garden ruined by pesky weeds that seem to sprout from nowhere. “There are loads of commercial products on the market that will do the job in killing the weeds quickly, but most of these contain potentially harmful chemicals. “Not only are these homemade concoctions a chemical-free alternative, but you’ll also save the expense of store bought products. “Products with high acidic values are usually effective, but you should avoid spraying them directly on soil as substances like vinegar can break down the soil structure and kill beneficial microorganisms.” One product which is great to use to kill weeds is vinegar. According to GardeningExpress.co.uk, it “will kill everything it touches”. They added: “But it won’t work on deep rooted perennials and may just burn the visible parts of the weed. “It’s highly effective on small weeds, but it can also alter your soil to prevent things from growing there in the future, so it’s best to use this on block paving or gravel driveways only.” Boiling water and mulching are also effective ways to get rid of weeds.