Some customers have reported that making a transfer out of their bank account sees the money leave without landing where it was meant to go. One customer noted even trying to send money to their own account, which is usually instantaneous, is also being delayed. Customers have taken to a variety of social media platforms to express their concern and outrage over this issue. On Down Detector, one customer noted that they had been in contact with the bank and advised on further steps. There were 543 reports at 9.23 am, Down Detector said. User Chris said: “Santander fast pay is currently broken and they are looking at it. They told me on the phone it's stuck in the queue and will go through later but don't re-send it. Keep looking at their social media for updates.” READ MORE: Universal Credit claimants could be eligible for an extra £156 each week Santander’s official UK Twitter page noted: “We’re currently experiencing issues with making and receiving Faster Payments. We are very sorry for the inconvenience this is causing and we’re working hard to fix the problem. Other payment services are unaffected." Regarding online and mobile banking, it states on the bank's website: "We are currently experiencing issues with making and receiving Faster Payments "We are working hard to fix the problem. Other payment services are working as usual." Many customers fear they have sent their money into a black hole, and as many direct debits and bills will be due today, June 1, some are concerned about late fees due to no fault of their own.  Twitter user TLyonesse asked: “What happens to those of us who have been unable to pay direct debits and will likely be charged for a returned DD? Are we expected to pay?” The Santander UK Help Twitter page advised that customers who incur fees due to this issue should contact the bank so they can investigate it further. Others have highlighted other pressing matters at hand for which they require access to their own money. Another, Maggie, said: “I have transferred £50 to my son's account this morning so he can travel home this is not on he’s now missed his train and had to cancel his appointment?????”(sic) Some people have been facing this dilemma as early as last night, with the very first reports to Down Detector trickling in around 8:30pm. A Down Detector user, Chris Clarkson, highlighted that it’s not just bills being left unpaid, but even a transfer to one’s own account seems impossible in the current circumstances. They shared: “Just made a payment to my own account and the funds are not showing. This is usually instantaneous so it looks like the online receipt/payment process is not working. “Please can someone from Santander respond with an eta on when they are going to get this fixed as I have bills to pay!”  Unfortunately, due to the banking issues, Santander’s telephone banking lines have been inundated. The bank reported the issue on its website, urging customers to use other services where possible and leave the phone lines for those “who are most in need”. They said: “We're experiencing very high volumes of calls into our contact centres. “Please help us to protect our services for those of our customers who are most in need. If your call is not urgent please use our online and mobile banking services, our online chat facility or review the information available at www.santander.co.uk.”