Vikki Spit's former rock singer fiancé Zion, 48, fell ill eight days after he had his Covid injection, complaining of an "excruciating" headache. Pronounced dead in May 2021, Ms Spit not only lost the love of her life, she also faced financial hardship. Ms Spit, from Alston, Cumbria, said: "I am still heartbroken by the sudden loss of my partner of 21 years.  "And alongside this emotional trauma, I have also been faced with financial hardship as a result of the loss of Zion's contribution to household finances." Awarded the maximum settlement of £120,000, Ms Spit said she should have had closer to £180,000 after falling into debt, according to the BBC. Ms Spit added that she waited too long for compensation under the Vaccine Damage Payment Scheme 1979. While Zion's death certificate confirmed he died due to complications from the Covid vaccine in spring 2021, Ms Spit didn't receive any money until June of this year. READ MORE: Cancer: Two warning signs known to show up in the face - they’re ‘likely’ to be ignored  In fact, it took the NHS Business Services Authority, the Newcastle-based administrators of the compensation scheme, until June 17 to make the award. These sort of payments are available to anyone who has become disabled as a result of having a vaccination, or has died from complications from a vaccine. The scheme offers one-off, tax-free sums of up to £120,000 as compensation. And while payments do not affect people's rights to take legal action, they can have implications for their benefits. DON'T MISSHair loss: Three 'hair-care' habits causing permanent hair loss [ADVICE]Dementia: The vitamin deficiency that may cause decline [INSIGHT]Vitamin B12 deficiency: Two sensation in your feet to spot [TIPS] Ms Spit is now calling on the government to increase the maximum pay-out to better reflect the loss of earnings that a person in their 40s would have made before their retirement. She added: "There just isn't the proper financial aid coming from the government to support those who have lost family to the vaccine." Ms Spit said Zion was fit and healthy, so he would have had a good chance of survival if he had received medical treatment earlier. Covid vaccine risks The NHS pointed out that "reports of serious side effects are rare" for Covid vaccines. However, there are times when calling NHS 111 is imperative following a Covid vaccination. Whether it has been four days, or four weeks, call NHS 111 if you experience any of the following: There have been cases of heart inflammation (myocarditis) following vaccination. However, most people who had this have recovered following rest and "simple treatments". As for cases of blood clotting, the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) are "carrying out a detailed review of reports". It is not yet clear why the AstraZeneca vaccine has caused some people to suffer from blood clots. For the majority of people, mild and short-lasting side effects are experienced after vaccination. Side effects of the Covid vaccines might include fatigue, a sore arm, and feeling achy.