A race reading group has been promoted to begin a diversity audit of the library and a “collection diversity advisory group”. The Daily Telegraph has reported that the plans emerged at an online “decolonising” conference organised by the House of Commons for around 75 librarians and the public on May 25. Martin Reid, the library’s director, told attendees: “As the information experts in the House of Commons responsible for putting information and analysis at the heart of our parliamentary democracy, we are particularly keen to look at the question of decolonisation in the library  "This has been a concern for Parliament for some time now.” Referring to the plans, Nile Gardiner, who served as a foreign policy researcher for the Iron Lady from 2000 to 2002, said: "Utterly ridiculous. "This Marxist anti-British madness has to end. "Race reading group inspired by BLM plans to ‘decolonise’ Commons library." The proposal was condemned by some MPs as “woke nonsense” akin to “burning books”. The conference included methods on how to diversify libraries. However, one attendee of the conference claimed that the word “decolonising” is “too bland”. The person thought that it should be replaced with “anti-colonisation” or “anti-imperialism”. One of the four speakers, a librarian at the University of West of England in Bristol, said, “white privilege” is the “result” of colonisation. The speaker defined the term decolonising using a dance analogy: “Diversity is being asked to the party, inclusion is being asked to dance, remaining colonial thinking is about who gets to choose the guests and the music to play.” READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: We need you! French fishing chief issues plea to Britain Alongside a University of Warwick librarian, two House of Commons library staff also spoke. Matt Barrow, the Commons’ collection management librarian, explained how staff “were given a new focus after the Black Lives Matter protests in the summer of 2020 to try to do something strategic and across the library collection as a whole”. In August 2020 a “collection diversity advisory group” was formed from eight senior Commons library staff who drew up a report. This report led to a “diversity audit” of the books in the Commons Library. There was then the formation of a reading group titled “reading against racism” in the library catalogue. DON'T MISS Brexit WIN: Bill and Melinda Gates back UK AI firm to fight Covid [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry to make surprise Firm appearance [LIVE]UK weather BREAKDOWN as Met Office unleashes lightning and rain alerts [FORECAST]  Then an “equality, diversity and inclusion statement” was added to the collection. Alongside this, an impartiality statement and a policy for handling “controversial or potentially offensive material” was also added. However, Sir John Hayes, a Tory MP and former minister said: “The nonsense of decolonising the canon of English literature at first seems simply foolish, but, considered more carefully, is the sinister ambition of subversive activists, driven by guilt and spite.” Speaking to the Daily Telegraph Sir John added: “The last thing we need to see at the moment is more woke nonsense. If they had it their way, the ideologues pushing these theories would be burning books too. “We can always learn from the past but we should not be apologising for it based on the moral standards of the day, as in years to come this generation will no doubt be judged too. This is simply divisive and counterproductive, as we saw with groups such as BLM.”