If you missed the announcement, Paramount+ (pronounced "Paramount Plus") has arrived in the UK. The popular streaming service, which made its debut in the United States last year, brings together boxsets and blockbusters from a number of studios and channels, including Paramount Pictures (obviously), Nickelodeon, and Showtime. Like rivals Netflix and Prime Video, Paramount+ hopes to entice subscribers with its own exclusive shows, which only air on its streaming platform. To bolster its library, Paramount+ has announced plans to launch 150 all-new shows created in the UK and mainland Europe. Unfortunately, these shows are still in-production and aren't available to stream at the moment. In the meantime, Paramount+ subscribers will be able to binge-watch a wealth of TV shows that have enjoyed huge popularity in the United States, like epic family saga Yellowstone and its prequel series 1883, an exclusive show based on the best-selling Halo video game, and docudrama The Offer, based on Academy Award-winning producer Albert S. Ruddy’s behind-the-scenes experiences when making The Godfather. Film franchises like Transformers, Mission: Impossible and Jack Reacher are also available to stream as part of the flat monthly subscription fee, with the promise of the latest blockbusters, including Scream 5, Clifford The Big Red Dog, and Top Gun: Maverick making their way to Paramount+ as soon as they leave UK multiplexes. In the coming months, that could make Paramount+ a must for movie fans ...although it's worth noting that some of the biggest hitters aren't available at launch. Paramount+ costs £6.99 per month, however, you can drop that monthly cost by subscribing to an annual plan for £69.90 instead. New customers can take advantage of the Paramount Plus free trial to explore the library, stream movies, and download TV show episodes to their smartphone for longer journeys at no cost. After the seven-day free trial, you'll be switched to a rolling monthly contract unless you cancel. However, it's Sky TV customers who enjoy the ultimate Paramount+ deal. If you pay for Sky Cinema as part of your Sky TV package, you'll be able to access everything available as part of the Paramount+ library at no extra cost. That means you'll be able to stream films like Scream 5, Mean Girls, Pulp Fiction, as well as exclusive series Mayor of Kingstown, The First Lady, Star Trek: Strange New Worlds, and children's classics like SpongeBob SquarePants, PAW Patrol, and Rugrats on your Sky Glass or Sky Q. Not only that, but everything can be streamed across the home using a Sky Q mini box or Sky Stream Puck. So, you'll have Paramount+ in every room of the house. Regardless of whether you've got Sky Glass or Sky Q, the method to unlock free Paramount+ streaming is identical. First up, you'll need to find the Paramount+ app. Following the launch of the streaming service, Sky TV was heavily promoting the arrival of the new service, so it's possible there will be a link ready-and-waiting for you on the homepage as soon as you fire up the telly. However, if that's not case, you'll need to head to the Apps menu on either Sky Q or Sky Glass. Once you've located the app icon in the carousel, launch Paramount+. If you're a Sky Cinema customer, you'll be able to sign-up to Paramount+ through Sky and enjoy everything in the streaming catalogue at no extra cost. This take a few quick steps – and then you'll be ready to steam. If you don't already subscribe to Sky Cinema, you will be able to create a Paramount+ account from within the app on Sky Glass and Sky Q and subscribe for £6.99 per month to start watching. Your login details can be used to sign-in to the app on iPhone, Android, Apple TV, Fire TV, Roku, and a number of other devices. If you're struggling to unearth the Paramount+ app on your telly, you can always use the built-in voice search. On Sky Glass, you can use the hands-free voice search to find the app by saying "Hello Sky. Get Paramount+" while on Sky Q you'll need to hold down the microphone button and say "Get Paramount+". MORE LIKE THIS