Newcastle ‘dream’ of signing Raphinha and will speculatively enter the race to sign the Leeds winger, according to reports. The Magpies missed out on landing top target Darwin Nunez and could now compete with Arsenal, Manchester United and Barcelona for Raphinha. Several of Europe’s top clubs are interested in the Brazilian, whose 11 goals for Leeds last term were key to their survival. His penalty in the final day victory over Brentford confirmed the club’s top-flight status. Arsenal, Man Utd and Barcelona have all been linked with moves for Raphinha. According to several reports, the Gunners had an initial offer for the forward turned down by Leeds and could go in with an improved bid. Newcastle could enter the race, though, as they ‘dream’ about the former Rennes ace, according to transfer guru Fabrizio Romano. The Saudi-backed outfit were keen on signing Nunez but ultimately had minimal chance of acquiring the now-Liverpool forward from Benfica. JUST IN: Gabriel Jesus to Arsenal takes huge step closer as Tottenham give up Romano told wettfreunde: “I can tell you one thing. Newcastle are among the clubs that could make an effort to sign Raphinha. “You are very ambitious in the market. Raphinha is one of those players they dream about. You also dreamed of Darwin Nunez. "They knew it was going to be impossible once Liverpool jumped on the deal. But it shows Newcastle are trying to find players with such skill. A top player who could come to Newcastle. But I think it would be more than difficult for Raphinha as there are other clubs in the race." DON'T MISS...Newcastle 'tempt' Jules Kounde but Chelsea target has picked next clubNewcastle 'irritated' as two transfers stall despite Nick Pope dealNewcastle 'agree fee' for Nick Pope as Dan Ashworth seals first deal Newcastle are likely to have plenty of funds to spend this summer after Eddie Howe guided them to safety in the second half of the season. A £90m January window outlay was vital to the Tyneside outfit finishing 11th. Howe is yet to make a major signing in the summer, although new sporting director Dan Ashworth is understood to be working on several deals. Burnley and England goalkeeper Nick Pope is close to a £10m move to St. James’ Park. Newcastle are keen to strengthen their attack, though, with £25m January addition Chris Wood scoring just twice having also arrived from the Clarets. Wood lost his place in Howe’s preferred starting 11 once Callum Wilson returned from a long-term injury in the final weeks of the campaign. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here