Russia seized Crimea from Ukraine in March 2014 after a popular uprising toppled Ukraine’s pro-Russian president Viktor Yanukovych. Moscow was hit with sanctions in response, but Russian officials argued Crimea’s people voted to join Russia in a vote in 2014 so international law was not violated. But Ukrainian Defence Minister Oleksiy Reznikov said US weapons will help Ukraine seize back Russian-occupied territory, including Crimea and Donbas. Mr Reznikov said: "We are going to liberate all our territories. All of it, all, including Crimea." He told CNN: "Crimea is a strategic objective for Ukraine because it's Ukrainian territory. But we will move step by step." Washington has pledged to provide Ukraine with an extra £807 million ($1bn) in security assistance.  US President Joe Biden said on Wednesday this would include artillery and coastal defence weaponry. He also announced an additional £182 million ($225m) in humanitarian aid to help people inside Ukraine. Mr Biden said in a statement: "The bravery, resilience and determination of the Ukrainian people continues to inspire the world. "And the United States, together with our allies and partners, will not waver in our commitment to the Ukrainian people as they fight for their freedom."  READ MORE ABOUT MATLA'S PASSPORT U-TURN FOR BRITONS  The UK, US and Germany this week announced they have committed to sending Ukraine Multiple Launch Rocket Systems (MLRS) with Guided MLRS (GMLRS) rockets. Ukraine requested the kit, which will allow its armed forces to engage Russian troops at ranges of up to 43 miles (70km). Kyiv said it urgently needs more weapons to see off Russian attacks in the south and east. Moscow has focused most of its firepower on the eastern city of Severodonetsk while also trying to consolidate control over southern territory around the strategic city of Kherson, which fell to Russian forces in March.   DON'T MISS: Keir Starmer's Corbyn attack on Boris spectacularly backfires [REPORT] 'It'll kill tourism' Alarm at plans for huge estate on seafront [REVEALED] Mike Tindall branded Prince Harry a 'b*****d' at Palace party [LATEST] Major-General Dmytro Marchenko, who leads Ukraine's forces in Mykolaiv, said his troops could achieve victory over Russia if given the right weapons. He told US-backed broadcaster Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty: "It is clear this will not end soon. "But then again, if we are given all the weapons that we need, the counter-offensive could well be over by the end of the summer." After being pushed back from the outskirts of Kyiv in May, Russia's troops have focused their efforts on capturing the whole of the Donbas region.  Russian President Vladimir Putin appears intent on imposing complete control over the Donbas, parts of which are held by Moscow-backed separatists in the provinces of Luhansk and Donetsk. However, the Ministry of Defence said in its latest intelligence update that Russian forces in the region were believed to be operating in an increasingly "ad hoc" way in undermanned groups. It added: "For both sides fighting in contested towns, front line combat is likely increasingly devolving to small groups of troops typically operating on foot. "Some of Russia's strengths, such as its advantage in numbers of tanks, become less relevant in this environment."  The update noted this was likely contributing to Russia's continued slow rate of advance. Meanwhile, an air strike hit a building sheltering civilians in Ukraine's embattled eastern city of Lysychansk on Thursday, killing at least four and wounding seven, according to local governor Serhiy Gaidai. He wrote on the Telegram app: "The rescue operation is still ongoing." Mr Gaidai said a separate air strike on Thursday hit a sanatorium building in Lysychansk causing its collapse and possibly leading to more casualties.  Of the second strike, he said: "It is likely that there are people trapped under the rubble." He added that a rescue effort was also underway there. 