Casual tennis fans may be left disappointed this week when they tune in to Wimbledon only to find that arguably the most popular player of all-time, Roger Federer, is nowhere to be seen. While Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic will look to add another title in their quest to become the GOAT in the men's game, Federer will have to settle for watching on the sidelines. That is because, sadly, the Swiss legend has been plagued with injury issues of late, and has not managed a competitive game since his quarter-final exit at last year's Wimbledon to Hubert Hurkacz. Shortly after that match, Federer underwent surgery on his troublesome knee, and was forced to withdraw from major tournaments such as last year's US Open and this year's Australian Open. There were even rumours that the 40-year-old may have to call it a day in the most anti-climactic fashion. But speaking recently, Federer offered hope that he could soon return as he gave an update on his recovery.  Speaking to Swiss broadcaster SRF earlier this month, he said he "plays from time to time" with his children, but admitted things are "moving slowly". "I had surgery at the end of August and people ask me 'So, how does it look?'" he added. "And each time I have to answer that it will take a little more time.  "I just have to stay patient, I'm making constant progress." The current plan is for Federer to return to play in the Laver Cup in September before a potential emotional return at his hometown tournament of Basel in October. And if that all goes to plan, there is hope he could make a more permanent return in the 2023 season, and perhaps even enjoy at least one last hurrah at Wimbledon - the tournament he has won more than any other man with eight titles. "Yes, definitely," Federer told Tages-Anzeiger when asked if he wanted to return to the ATP tour in 2023. "How and where, I don't know yet. But that would be the idea. "I haven't planned more than the Laver Cup and Basel yet. After Basel, the season is over anyway. It's important for me to get fit again so that I can train fully. Once I've done that, I can choose how many tournaments I play and where. "The Laver Cup is a good start, I don't have to play five matches in six days. I will have be able to do that in Basel. But I'm hopeful, I've come a long way. I'm not far away..."