Dickie Arbiter, former press secretary to the Queen, defended Prince Charles’ slandering of the Rwanda migration scheme that will see illegal asylum seekers flown off to the African nation to be processed and reside there permanently if successful. He said the Queen’s eldest son was not “criticising Rwanda” so much as he was commenting on the Government policy, which Mr Arbiter said was “subtly different”.    Mr Arbiter said: “I think he’s prepared to bring his own moral compass to his royal role. He was not criticising Rwanda. “He was criticising the British Government policy. So, there is a very subtle difference between the two. “He seems to have gotten on with the President [of Rwanda] by all accounts. “They seem to be chatting quite amiably. Yes, he’s going to be meeting other delegates during the course of his time there. But I think he’s entitled, like anyone else, to express an opinion.”    Prince Charles is visiting Rwanda this week alongside Prime Minister Boris Johnson after he called the Government’s new deportation scheme “appalling” in private earlier this month. They are in the African continent for the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting. Mr Johnson has opted out of visiting the centres where migrants will be housed as part of the new migration scheme. But the pair were all smiles as they sat down for their much-anticipated "cup of tea and a catch up" at the Commonwealth summit. READ MORE: Camilla wears gorgeous £3,950 designer bracelet to opening ceremony [REVEAL]   The body language of Charles and the politician was positive after Mr Johnson on Thursday appeared to take a veiled verbal swipe at Charles and critics of his plans to remove migrants to Rwanda. Before the talks began, the Prime Minister had stepped back from comments he would tell the heir to the throne, who reportedly described the asylum seeker policy as "appalling" in private remarks, to be open-minded about the initiative. The de-escalation of the brewing row was reflected in the demeanour of the two men, who met before the opening ceremony of the meeting being held in the Rwandan capital Kigali. Mr Johnson nodded his head in deference and smiled as he shook hands with Charles as the Commonwealth secretary-general Baroness Scotland and Rwanda's President Paul Kagame watched on. DON'T MISS: Prince Charles to 'rebrand' family to 'try and push for own survival' [REVEAL]Meghan and Harry forced Charles to shelve monarchy plans [REPORT] Prince Charles should ‘keep his mouth shut’ on Rwanda asylum plan [INSIGHT]   After the launch of the summit, the two men posed for pictures before their talk, which lasted for 15 minutes, with just the politician and the royal alone in the room without aides or advisers. The Prime Minister jokingly asked the press, who had been ushered into the room, "Who are you?" while Charles stood a little self-consciously, with his hand in his pocket, but managed a chuckle before the pair sat alone. Earlier this month, 24 civil society groups, including Human Rights Watch, said the Commonwealth's human rights mandate would be undermined if leaders failed to challenge Rwanda on its record during the summit. They said the Rwandan government was responsible for abusive prosecutions, harassment, and torture of dissidents, which Rwanda denies. READ NEXT: Boris Johnson LIVE: Nightmare for PM as favourites for Tory leaderNote to woke: Brits taught Europe human rights FREDERICK FORSYTH'The Rwanda decision was a politicised attack on our independence'EU's secret court exposed: OWN judge breaks cover on Rwanda flight rowSecrecy of the Rwanda decision is disturbing - Express Comment  