 Britishvolt has signed a multimillion-pound deal with WMG, University of Warwick, to accelerate its battery production in its upcoming 38GWh battery gigaplant, which is one of the largest industrial investments ever undertaken in the UK. During this two-year deal, the university's researcher will help develop battery cell technologies and assist with optimisation. This includes small-scale manufacturing to produce battery electrodes and cells using Britishvolt target materials sets, formulations and cell designs.  Dr Allan Paterson, Chief Technical Officer, Britishvolt: “Britishvolt are delighted to extend and expand our relationship and programme of work with WMG, University of Warwick. “The battery science, advanced materials and cell prototyping expertise and capability at WMG has directly, and positively, supported our battery technology development programme. “This gives us not only an excellent basis to progress from, as we seek to scale and commercialise our technologies, but the relationship also enables Britishvolt to continue to develop our products further, as we continually strive to deliver best-in-class, market-leading, cell technologies to our customers.” Earlier this month, Britishvolt also announced that it would build a £200million battery scale-up facilities in the West Midlands that would create new cell formats to help make "higher performance, production-ready and cheaper batteries for EVs”.  The company believes this facility, combined with the Gigafactory, could revive the UK’s automobile industry, which has taken a major hit as companies like Jaguar Land Rover are reported looking overseas to meet their needs. While JLR has promised that it will retain its plant and assembly facilities in the UK, they previously told Express.co.uk that they will be “exploring all options” when it comes to sourcing the electric batteries for the vehicles. As more major car manufacturers announce plans to shift to electric vehicles, a UK-based gigafactory could help incentivise more carmakers to set up shop in the UK. Professor David Greenwood, CEO of the High Value Manufacturing Catapult at WMG said: “WMG, at the University of Warwick, is delighted to be supporting Britishvolt as they set up large scale battery manufacturing and research facilities in the UK.  READ MORE: Electric vehicles: UK to 'attract foreign firms to set up bases' “This industry will be critical for the future of the UK automotive and energy sectors. “WMG has been investing over the last decade in the research and development capabilities needed to help Britishvolt and other battery companies to be internationally competitive now and in the future.” Britishvolt’s gigaplant, which is currently being built in Northumberland, is set to produce over 300,000 electric battery packs a year, with a total capacity of over 38 GWh by the end of the decade. DON'T MISS: Musk mystery as 'four unidentified payloads' spark fears [REPORT] Putin sent warning: UK's 'three-year secret' finally unveiled [REVEAL] Western weapons obliterate Putin's resupply vessel in Black Sea [SPOTLIGHT] As more major car manufacturers announce plans to shift to electric vehicles, a UK-based gigafactory could help incentivise more carmakers to set up shop in the UK. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Paul Franklin, the Property Director at Britishvolt, previously said: “The Britishvolt effect and our business model could attract foreign car companies to set up base in the UK. “We are not only making batteries for the UK market, but we will also export to Europe as well.” 