The Duke of Cambridge is the right person to become, in due course, Britain's head of state, a source has claimed. And this is because Prince William wasn't born a "natural" for this role, which helps him understand the pressure and strains awaiting him, they added. The source told the Daily Mail: "In truth he’s not the natural person for the job. "His grandmother wasn’t either. "But that’s exactly why he is the right person to do it. "The last person you want stepping up is the one who rubs their hands and says 'I can’t wait to be King'. "You want someone who understands the significance and the pressure of what they have to do without hankering after any of the trappings." And according to a different source, the Duke of Cambridge is keenly aware of the pressure and fresh scrutiny his family is set to face when the Queen's reign ends. A friend told The Sunday Times earlier this month: "He knows the future [of the monarchy] rests on his, Catherine’s and his kids’ shoulders, and that’s a lot of pressure." The weight of the future of the institution is going to fall heavily on the Cambridges' shoulders as the number of working royals is set to be further slashed, partially due to the Prince Charles's rumoured plans to streamline the Firm and because of the advanced age of many current members of the Royal Family. READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'hoped to reconcile with Kate' for children to bond As the second-in-line to the throne, Prince William is destined to inherit the title of Duke of Cornwall when Prince Charles becomes King. On the other hand, the title of Prince of Wales isn't automatically passed on from father to son but, rather, needs to be awarded by the new sovereign, who could also decide to put it into abeyance. Nevertheless, Prince Charles is widely expected to award his son and heir with the title of Prince of Wales. Kate and William's future titles were mentioned to the Duchess of Cambridge on June 4, while she was touring Cardiff Castle to mark the Platinum Jubilee alongside Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince William. While being greeted by well-wishers, one fan told the Duchess: "You’re going to make a brilliant Princess of Wales." Smiling, Kate replied: "That’s very kind. I’m in good hands." She then gestured at her husband, who was meeting fans just a few metres away from her. While his reign is years ahead, Prince William has already highlighted what he will focus his attention on over the next decades. In a comment piece he wrote for this week's The Big Issue, the Duke renewed his pledge to fight homelessness and bring it to an end. He said: "While I may seem like one of the most unlikely advocates for this cause, I have always believed in using my platform to help tell those stories and to bring attention and action to those who are struggling. "I plan to do that now I’m turning 40, even more than I have in the past. "So, for my part, I commit to continue doing what I can to shine a spotlight on this solvable issue not just today, but in the months and years to come. "And in the years ahead, I hope to bring George, Charlotte and Louis to see the fantastic organisations doing inspiring work to support those most in need – just as my mother did for me." In October 2020, Prince William also clearly showed his commitment to the environment as he launched another legacy-making initiative, the Earthshot Prize. This decade-long project will see the Duke gathering experts and awarding the best projects aiming at fighting climate change and the earth's most pressing issues.