Princess Eugenie, 32, and Princess Beatrice, 33, joined the thousands of people gathered at St Paul's Cathedral to celebrate the life and reign of her beloved grandmother, the Queen earlier this month. The two daughters of Prince Andrew and his ex-wife Sarah "Fergie" Ferguson, and their husbands, were seated in a row alongside the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Speaking on the latest Mail Plus' Palace Confidential, Daily Mail's diary editor Richard Eden discussed the seating arrangements at St Paul's and how the two princesses "didn't move" from their seats to avoid an awkward photo opportunity. Palace Confidential's host Jo Elvin asked Mr Eden if he thought there "would have been assigned seats" or if the royals would have just been told "you are on that row" at the event. Mr Eden said: "From what I'm told there really was [assigned seating]. "Why it was, so, Beatrice and Eugenie didn't move, they didn't, sort of, move down the row to let them [Harry and Meghan] in, they stuck to their seats". The royal expert stated that there was a reason that the princesses stayed put in their designated seats. READ MORE: Kate and William send 'direct message' to Meghan and Harry with latest move He said: "Why they left there was a procession to leave the cathedral. "It meant that Harry and Meghan were far behind, they had to wait for everyone else in their row to leave first so they couldn't be photographed. "[This meant] they weren't in the same shots as Prince Charles or the Cambridges. "They were nowhere near them". He added that this move was "deliberate". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Kick in teeth' Meghan 'ready' to turn back on UK after Lilibet snub Ms Elvin made a point that it was "orchestrated". Royal correspondent Victoria Murphy added: "I think the seating, I'm sure, was decided in advance". Speaking recently on GB News, royal author Angela Levin claimed that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were "absolutely furious" with the seating arrangement at St Paul's. DON'T MISS Kate and Meghan 'right in step' with royal Jubilee memo [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry caught in Netflix 'mess' after master plan ruined [VIDEO]Meghan and Harry forced to back of procession to prevent photos [INSIGHT] Ms Levin said: "If you look at Harry's face, I spent a year with him when I did his biography. "He wears his expressions and feelings on his face and he was absolutely furious." Prince Harry and Meghan Markle kept their visit to the UK short, leaving as the Royal Family was still celebrating at the People's Pageant in London. The couple were pictured back in California the Monday after the Jubilee.