Customers can pay in up to £150 each month, with no minimum deposit to open the account. The 3.25 percent rate applies to savings of up to £1,000, with the rate dropping to 0.3 percent on additional balances up to £5,000. For savings of over £5,000, savers will get 0.1 percent interest on the funds. Interest is calculated each day and paid into the account on the first business day of the month. The account can be opened and managed online or through the mobile app, or customers can visit a branch to manage their account. Savers will also need a NatWest current account to link to the savings account, and must be 16 or over and a UK resident. READ MORE: Retirement and me: Mum torn between 'selling house or withdrawing pension early' to get by An email address and mobile number must be provided to open the account. A standing order must be set up from the current account to pay in between £1 and £150 each month. Fund can also be paid in from another current or savings account in the person’s name, with NatWest or another bank. An individual can only have one Digital Regular Saver and it must be in their name. DON'T MISSMastering this FREE video game could make you millions of pounds [INSIGHT]£10 free* to spend at YouGarden with your Daily Express, pay postage [OFFER]Six questions you need to ask for a dream retirement [EXPLAINER] Money can be withdrawn at any time, by transferring the funds to the NatWest current account. Customers will receive at least 14 days notice if the rates are to go down, as long as their balance is £100 or more. The Bank of England recently raised the base interest rate to 1.25 percent, in a bid to tackle the effects of soaring inflation. Many building societies and banks increased their rates as a result. Higher interest rates make borrowing more expensive for consumers while further encouraging Britons to save. Figures from L&C Mortgages suggest that the cost of the average two-year fixed rate has tripled compared to last October. Both the low two- and five-year remortgage rates from the 10 largest lenders have jumped again this month, posting the second-biggest monthly rise this year. The group said: “This means a borrower taking a typical £150,000 repayment mortgage over 25 years would face increased monthly payments of £125-130 — adding up to a total of £1500 more per annum in payments when compared to last year’s low point.” Inflation is currently at nine percent, with concerns it could reach 11 percent by the end of the year. The Bank of England said: “We will take the actions necessary to bring inflation down to two percent. This is the target the Government has set us. “Precisely where interest rates will go depends on what happens in the economy and what we think will happen to the rate of inflation over the next few years. “So we can’t say now exactly how high they will go. But they are not likely to reach the very high levels that some people experienced in the past.”