Captain Pike (played by Anson Mount) and the team made their highly anticipated return to screens on Star Trek Strange New Worlds in May. Also making his debut as Spock is Ethan Peck, who spoke out about avoiding all responses and reactions about his character.  The Paramount Plus series followed Pike, Spock and Number One (Rebecca Romijn) as they journeyed through new worlds around the galaxy on board the USS Enterprise. Although the trio first appeared in Season 2 of Star Trek: Discovery, this series transported fans back to decades before the original series. Spock was first introduced in the original Star Trek series where he was famously portrayed by the legendary Leonard Nimoy. While the iconic character has been played by three different actors, Ethan Peck made an interesting admission about his depiction.  READ MORE: Bargain Hunt’s Roo Irvine opens up on ‘heart-breaking change in family Strange New Worlds is both a spin-off to Star Trek: Discovery and also a prequel to Star Trek: The Original Series. It caused a major fan frenzy when it premiered in May as the highly anticipated series had been many years in the making. As the Star Trek franchise first landed on screens in the 1960s, it became a global phenomenon and has since garnered a loyal following of dedicated fans. Due to its worldwide recognition, the sci-fi series is the highest-grossing media franchise of all time, with many fans eagerly waiting to see Peck's portrayal of Spock.  As well as the excitement of the show’s return, fans had a lot to say about Peck’s depiction as many believed he had huge shoes to fill. However, the actor shared he preferred to steer clear of all feedback whether it was positive or negative. During his interview with Deadline, the 36-year-old opened up about the fan’s reaction and disclosed: “I think it's been good. “I sort of do my best not to read too much into responses generally because even if they're really good, I don't want to get too comfortable.”  DON'T MISS...Sherwood writer airs frustration as he compares BBC series to Brexit [INSIGHT] Star Trek Strange New Worlds season 2: La’an star drops major teaser [INSIGHT]Star Trek Strange New Worlds: Spock star on his unexpected fate [INSIGHT] Peck added: “I don't want to be too affected by the reaction to the product in which I'm in the process of creating now, but I think it's been good.” The actor explained: “It's difficult, I think for people, especially with something like Star Trek, which can be like a place to go of, forgive me for using the word but of like worship. “It's a faith that people have and I think it's wonderful because it spreads such a beautiful message of curiosity, acceptance and exploration." “I think people are scared to see their characters replaced by new people and that's very understandable, but I think it's been good,” Peck concluded.  After making a huge comeback to screens, fans watched as Spock’s family history was brought back to the forefront. In the episode titled ‘The Serene Squall,’ Spock’s older half-brother, Sybok (Laurence Luckinbill) returned as a prisoner of T’Pring and Stonn’s Ankeshtan K’Til Vulcan Criminal Rehabilitation Center. It was also revealed that Sybok was married to Captain Angel, who was part of the Serene Squall pirate ship crew. Thankfully, fans will see more truths unfold when Star Trek Strange New Worlds return to screens for season two. Star Trek: Strange New Worlds is available in the US on Paramount Plus and in the UK on Paramount Plus UK. 