Sheila Hancok has insisted that she should be "anti-royal" as she reflected on her thoughts on the Royal Family when she was younger. Speaking in a new interview, the actress, 89, told how the Queen deserved a "pat on the back" for her service to the country, while admitting she's no longer anti-royal. The star also spoke about being awarded a Damehood by Prince William. However, Sheila admitted that she didn't always think highly of the royal family. The actress said: "I’m a leftie so I should be anti-royal – I think I probably was when I was young, but I’m not now." She went on to heap compliments on the Queen, praising her for being herself. READ MORE: Dean Martin made a multimillion fortune over his decades-long career She continued: "To have this little woman who is just herself rather than pretending to be something [like some of our politicians] is amazing, isn’t it? "Let’s pat her on the back," she added. Addressing her Damehood, the actress told of her concerns at receiving the honour, admitting: "I think they got the wrong person or something." However, she added that it was "an enchanting day. "Prince William was a little bit scared because he hadn’t done it for two years. "But it was all so gentle and friendly, and everybody was treated with respect," Sheila revealed to the Radio Times. Last year, the Doctor Who star opened up about the effect that lockdown has had on her, saying that she's struggled with "evil thoughts" as a result of spending so much time alone. Appearing on BBC Radio 4's Woman's Hour, the Edie actress spoke about going through lockdown on her own, admitting that she had struggled with staying at home. DON'T MISS... Amber Heard claims ex Johnny 'lied' about physical abuse in marriage [INSIGHT]Victoria Beckham gushes over Harper, 10, as she wears £1,600 ball gown [ANALYSIS]Penelope Cruz, 48, looks radiant in figure-hugging, hot pink gown [UPDATE[ She said: "I've done nothing - I've stood and stared at the walls. "I've gone upstairs and thought, 'what am I up here for?' I am utterly confused." Tired of spending so much time by herself, Sheila said "we need a revolution". She continued: "And I have come to no conclusions other than we need a revolution!' "Me personally - I just want to have a coffee with my mates!" The actress has spent the best part of the last year on her own, following the death of her husband, John Thaw, in 2002. Speaking about life in lockdown, Sheila spoke about struggling with intrusive thoughts. The actress admitted: "I know that being on my own has driven me slightly mad." This week's Radio Times is on newstands now or the online copy here.