Juice cleanses have grown in popularity over the years, especially over summer with online searches increasing by 49 percent in June. But what makes people favour them? Plenish founder and juice guru Kara Rosen, revealed the most common cleansing questions after turning to the "convenient" diet technique herself. As a former Condé Nast journalist in New York City, Rosen was leading a busy lifestyle which didn’t leave much time for looking after her own health. After seeing a nutritional therapist who recommended a juice cleanse to restore nutrients to her body, she found it transformed her health. So why are they so popular? READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Rosen explained that there’s a "certain naturalness" to fasting that humans have been doing for thousands of years. "I think cleansing becomes a much easier way to do that because we’re not just hanging out in our loincloths – we are going to work, working out, looking after kids, working one job, two jobs... We’re all very busy, and cleansing is really convenient," she said. "You get your products, they’re all numbered and it’s really easy to navigate. You don’t have to cook, you don’t have to clean, you don’t have to think about what you’re eating for a few days." She added: "It’s also a little bit of a mental holiday. If you’re anything like me and stress about what you’re going to eat for the next meal, it’s a really easy, convenient way to feel good and do good for your body." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] The premise of a juice cleanse is simple; by drinking only juices from fruits and vegetables over a designated period will supposedly help a person lose weight. These juices are full of nutrients, vitamins, and phytonutrients - the compounds with antioxidant potential. Some newer trends now incorporate solid food into the routine, adding fibre to a person's diet, but most rely solely on liquid. "On a cleanse, you’re abstaining from eating solid foods, but it’s also about the other thing that you’re not putting into your body (coffee, sugar, alcohol, and stimulants) and getting lots of hydration," Rosen continued. "You’re having six juices, including a milk, per day, so you feel buzzy. You’re giving your digestive system a break from breaking down all the high fat, high sugar, high salt foods that we tend to love and eat in this nation." She revealed it allows the body and tastebuds to "reset" and that the nature of a juice cleanse can positively impact sleep. "Your digestive system isn’t working so hard – you feel cleaner, lighter and brighter. When you get back post-cleanse, it’s a bit easier to appreciate some natural foods better," she said. "An apple tastes a little bit extra sweet, you probably don’t need as much salt on your food, you may not have that second coffee and you may choose not to have wine with dinner because you feel like you’ve just done your body a really great service." There have been discussions about who would benefit from doing a juice cleanse, and Rosen believes it's for anyone and everyone "who wants to feel better". "If you want more energy, if you want to sleep better, if you’re exploring what it might feel like if you stopped consuming so much every day and what it would feel like to live off plants for a few days," she said. "You help to reset your body in terms of cutting out stimulants and sugar for a few days and you start with a clean slate." She added: "You can use that opportunity – you can cut back on meat, dairy, coffee, alcohol and gluten because all you’re consuming is plants."