Manchester United fans are growing impatient with the Glazers yet to sanction any signings at Old Trafford. And that’s put them in the spotlight when it appears three players want to move to the club. Interest in the likes of Frenkie de Jong, Pau Torres and Jurrien Timber has been well-documented in recent weeks, ever since the transfer window reopened. Manchester United need an overhaul this summer. They’ve already cut loose some deadwood, with the likes of Paul Pogba, Nemanja Matic, Edinson Cavani, Jesse Lingard, Juan Mata and Lee Grant all leaving on free transfers. But, now, the onus is on the Glazers to deliver some signings. It was only recently that Avram Glazer, in a rare public exchange of words, insisted they’ve always spent the money and will do so again this summer. Yet while Tottenham have brought in two, Arsenal have landed Marquinhos and Manchester City and Liverpool have snapped up Erling Haaland and Darwin Nunez respectively, United are yet to act. The pressure on the Glazers is looking increasingly likely to intensify the more the days go on. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer Especially when you consider that three players, it seems, are ready to move to Old Trafford. First, there’s Timber. It’s been known for weeks, now, that Erik ten Hag is keen to reunite with a player he’s developed well in recent years at Ajax. When the Dutch side sold Matthijs de Ligt to Juventus back in the summer transfer window of 2019, it left a substantial void. But Timber has been a revelation in the time since, establishing himself as one of the best young defenders in world football. According to Fabrizio Romano, the Netherlands international is keen on a move to United this summer. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links Speaking to The United Stand, he said: “Timber is waiting for #MUFC to update him on the situation with Ajax.” And Romano also revealed that Torres, too, was keen on a move to United. “Both players [Pau Torres & Timber] would be happy to join,” he told the channel. And he then added: "I see Pau Torres playing in the Premier League next season because he wants the move and has good chances to move.” Torres was in United’s sights 12 months ago. He flourished as Villarreal won the Europa League, producing a solid performance against the Red Devils in the final. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And while Tottenham have been mooted as potential suitors for the Spain international, it appears he’s keen on a move to United. As well as Timber and Torres, it also seems De Jong is leaning towards a blockbuster switch to Old Trafford as well. Big things were expected of the 25-year-old when he left Ajax for Barcelona three years ago. But he’s often struggled for consistency under managers such as Ernesto Valverde, Quique Setien, Ronald Koeman and Xavi. De Jong was initially reluctant to move to United, especially without any Champions League football on offer. But he’s now had a change of heart after holding talks with Ten Hag and becoming increasingly aware of Barcelona’s desire to sell. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United are currently haggling over a fee with the La Liga side, with the Red Devils aware of Barcelona’s financial position. But given they’ve now won De Jong over, United simply have to get this deal over the line. In truth, the Glazers need to sanction all three signings. Torres, Timber and De Jong may not be enough to win the club the Premier League title just yet - but it would be a good step in the right direction. With the Glazers in the spotlight, they need to take action more than ever. Because, if they don’t, the doom and gloom mood that currently surrounds Old Trafford will only increase.