Monty Don, 66, gave fans an insight into his garden today as he shared some pictures on social media. The Gardeners’ World star took to Instagram to reveal the tough decision he had been forced to make for his plants. In view of his one million followers, Monty explained how he had to cut a wildflower meadow to stop seeding and spreading throughout his garden. The presenter shared two pictures featuring his garden and the beautiful meadow as he announced the move. He wrote: “With a heavy heart I decided to cut the wildflower meadow in the orchard yesterday- at least a month earlier than I would ever want to. “This was because lesser hogweed has become such a prevailing weed that we felt we had to cut it whilst still flowering to stop it seeding and thus spreading even more. “We will now keep it tightly mown all summer and reseed with yellow rattle in September as well as adding more perennials and bulbs.” Fans soon took to the post’s comments section to send Monty their support, while some garden lovers admitted they understood Monty’s struggle. Official_lepetitcochon said: “Sometimes gardening is a case of ‘cruel to be kind’” Macaroni_organic commented: “I have a similar problem in our orchard. “Overseeded some yellow rattle and perennials last year…yellow rattle now visible so we are on our way. “What bulbs do you plan to plant?” Josiehhb typed: “Hogweed is out of control in my meadow too this year - I thought it was because I'd waged war on the bitter docks last year & thrown something out of balance. “Must just be a good year for them! I'm trying to remove them individually at the moment, but it seems to be a never ending task.” DON'T MISS...Liz Hurley, 56, celebrates Platinum Jubilee in tiny white bikini [LATEST]Tom Hanks's 'loneliness of marriage' laid bare [INSIGHT]Dan Walker makes jibe at Rod Stewart's 'baffling' Jubilee performance [UPDATE] Esterhfour wrote: “Your pain is completely understandable! it looked so glorious! “Welcome to the new phase!” Monty often uses his Instagram to showcase his creations in the garden and give gardening advice to those who share his passion for horticulture. On Saturday, he explained how best to grow parsley as he revealed “we love parsley and use a lot of it”. He added: “I planted this out last August and we’ve been harvesting it from September right through until a few weeks ago. “It's now going to seed and I'm going to clear the bed. “But before I do that, I just wanted to show you… if I pull one up here - that is an individual parsley plant. “That is one little seedling of parsley.”