Jake Atkin had already taken eight-week old whippet Blaze to the vet twice for an injury after the puppy "walked into a door" and then for accidentally eating chocolate. A court heard Atkin, 24, flew into a rage while on the phone to a friend because Blaze and urinated on his leg. The puppy was left unconscious by the violence, which happened weeks after Atkin had got the pet. The thug admitted causing unnecessary suffering to a protected animal but, on Monday, he walked free from Hull Magistrates' Court after a lenient judge a 12-month community order with a mental health treatment requirement for six months. Atkin was also banned from owning any animal for a minimum period of five years. He was also ordered to pay £400 costs and a £95 surcharge, Hull Live reports. The court heard Atkin became "exceptionally agitated" after the dog weed on him on November 27. Philip Brown, prosecuting, said: "That day a friend of the defendant returned Blaze to him after looking after him for a while. Later she called him and they were talking and then the phone went dead. "She called him back and he was in an exceptionally agitated state because he said 'the dog had p****d on his leg'. She lost contact again and when she got hold of him again he was still very angry and told her that if she did not collect the puppy he would 'kill it'. "She went over to the defendant’s home as quickly as possible. She found the puppy unconscious and he was taken to the PDSA. The vet examined him and found he had life-threatening injuries and he remained unconscious until the next day. "The injuries included blood to his right eye and extensive swelling to his head. The vet concluded the injuries were not caused accidentally but by blunt force trauma."     Thankfully, Blaze had made a recovery but due to his very young age it is not clear whether the injuries he sustained will have a long-lasting impact. Mr Brown said: "Blaze has been rehomed and is recovering from his ordeal. This was a serious situation and he suffered significant pain. "The defendant said he had a blackout and could not explain how the animal came by its injuries. It is clear he lost all self-control. He suffers from bi-polar and was taking steroids which led to his anger issues." Ben Hibbert, defending, urged magistrates to accept the recommendation of the pre-sentence report which suggested a community sentence. He said his client was not opposed to a ban on owning a dog which he accepted "was too much to take on". Mr Hibbert said his client may want to own a reptile in the future and asked for the ban not to cover all animals.  