Formula 1 star Carlos Sainz wants "more clarity" from the FIA after Ferrari were fined €25,000 (£21,500) after he was found guilty of impeding an opponent during the Monaco Grand Prix weekend. Stewards determined Sainz had driven dangerously when he impeded Aston Martin's Lance Stroll in practice, with Ferrari being accused of feeding their driver "grossly inaccurate" information. The manufacturer was further incensed when Alex Albon and Nicholas Latifi escaped the same punishment despite impeding Ferrari duo Sainz and Charles Leclerc. Theirs had a dramatic effect on the outcome of the race, too, as it occurred during the pit-stop window when Red Bull's Sergio Perez surged from third into the race lead. "I cannot count the times I got impeded in Monaco, both being dangerous and not dangerous," Sainz told reporters after the race. "What I don't understand is why we got fined €25,000 as a team for an impeding, which I did and I accept the blame and I apologised to Lance. "But I don't understand why the other occasions are not investigated and other people are not fined for exactly the same thing." That comment refers to the actions of Albon and Latifi, who blocked him and his team-mate during the pit-stop window. READ MORE" Max Verstappen given Sergio Perez advice as power dynamic at Red Bull shifts  Sainz referred to those actions as "proper impeding," suggesting the Williams duo should have been served the same punishment. "So we want more clarity and more consistency, clear as that," he added. Ferrari chief Mattia Binotto echoed a similar sentiment and called for the rival pair to be subject to the same scrutiny: "If you see in the race, solid blue flags to Albon or Latifi and no further action." DON'T MISSSebastian Vettel retirement rumours cooled as Aston Martin step in - 'he wants to drive'Lewis Hamilton 'not like Michael Schumacher' as ex-Mercedes engineer comments on strugglesLando Norris fires dig at George Russell after Mercedes man called out Monaco TV producers  The Italian went on to say he and his team "have not been too happy with the fine." He assured Sainz did his utmost to avoid the situation with Stroll, arguing the impediment was "certainly not dangerous," an assessment with which the stewards clearly disagreed. Sainz sits fifth in the drivers' standings despite Sunday's second-place finish behind Perez in Monte Carlo. Team-mate Leclerc is targeting a return to the peak when the season resumes at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix on June 12, currently trailing Max Verstappen by nine points.