All attention was on The Boys’ chaotic superhero orgy in the latest episode of the hit Amazon Prime Video drama, Herogasm. However, a sneaky departure from the Seven’s silent member, Black Noir (played by Nathan Mitchell) could be setting up some surprising developments down the line, and Express.co.uk has chatted exclusively with Nathan to try and find out what’s next. Series regular Nathan has hinted at what's next for Black Noir after seemingly abandoning his superhero comrades in The Boys. Season three finally revealed the mysterious Supe’s tragic backstory when fans got their first glimpse beneath the mask in a flashback in episode three. After being disfigured during an attack in Nicaragua, Noir was rendered mute and kept under the thumb of Vought and the Seven’s new leader, Homelander (Antony Starr). However, it seems the killing machine has had enough of being at the beck and call of the deranged team leader, as he violently removed his tracking chip before leaving the Vought offices in Friday’s episode. READ MORE: CSI Vegas season 2: Why is William Peterson leaving? “For Noir, I think he’s around powerful people he has to deal with,” Nathan explained to Express.co.uk. “As much as he wants to push for what he wants, he comes up against blocks. He can only do so much. “While he is a Supe, there’s a way in which his ambition is limited. I think as we go later in the season, we can see what he chooses to do in order to take a stand for what he wants, for himself.” Vought and the Seven have essentially used Noir as their own private assassin up until this point. Now he’s seemingly turned his back on his controlling bosses, the conflicted hero will now have to determine where his loyalties lie in The Boys’ impending war against the Supes. “And, for Noir, it’s less about power, and it’s more about grappling with his desire versus the desires of other people, and the fallout of that. And making tough choices,” he explained. “He has some dark night of the soul moments where he has to go internal and figure out what he’s going to do and who he’s going to decide to be, and what he’s going to take a stand for. “That’s a question we’re going to explore this season. As we’ve seen, Noir has a very sensitive soul. As ruthless and cutthroat and dangerous as he is, like everybody he wants to be loved.” DON'T MISS:Ozark boss explains why Jonah and Charlotte stayed [INSIGHT]Sunday Brunch backlash after Simon and Tim’s ‘painful’ interview [REACTION]Stranger Things season 5 theory: Mike trapped in Upside Down [THEORY] “So, I think, as he grapples with that question, I think one of the things that’s going to lead him to a possible direction is, ‘Who loves Noir? Who actually has his back?’ And I think that might help him make a decision.” Nathan also addressed how likely it would be for Black Noir to have aided fellow Seven-member A-Train (Jessie T Usher) in his feud with Blue Hawk (Nick Wechsler). He explained: “There’s a dimension to which he would take a stand [against Blue Hawk]. “But there are more mature parts of him that have been locked deeper into his mind as a result of him trying to deal with him being trapped in his suit, and losing out on things he’s really wanted as a coping mechanism. “That part of him is there, but there’s also this dominant thing of this person who’s just living in this mask, living in this contained thing. He’s curious about his own little world, but there’s a degree to which he’s kind of limited.” Blue Hawk was ultimately gruesomely killed by the speedy Supe by being dragged behind A-Train on concrete during just one of the several shocking moments included in The Boys’ latest madcap episode. There are still two episodes left before this increasingly unpredictable season comes to an end, so fans will have to keep their eyes on the shadows to see if Black Noir makes a triumphant return. The Boys season 3 continues Fridays on Amazon Prime Video.