Our Yorkshire Farm shepherdess Amanda Owen has welcomed a new member of the family in the form of a Clydesdale foal. The 47-year-old explained why the new horse, Maple, is "the easiest foal ever" as she updated fans on the latest developments at Ravenseat Farm following news of her recent split from Clive Owen. Talking about the young horse, Amanda explained: "She’s a beautiful filly foal born just a few weeks ago. "Backing her will be a gradual process. She is part of the family - there won’t be a foal anywhere that has been poked and prodded as much as she has. "As a result, she is the easiest foal ever. Eventually, I want her to bring down the sheep with me, working with me as part of the team." Amanda also opened up about some of the other animals she cares for on the farm. READ MORE: Gary Lineker's 'racist abuse' claims blasted by Martin Daubney When asked about the 1,000 Swaledale sheep she looks after, she explained it is hard to be unemotional when one dies. "I am utterly pathetic when one of my sheep dies," she admitted. Speaking t o Tweed Media ahead of her appearance at The Game Fair at Ragley Hall in Warwickshire, the Channel 5 star continued: "I feel like a bit of a failure. The old adage of 'when you have livestock you have deadstock' is true. "You have to put it behind you. You can’t dwell on it. Just recently we lost a ewe that had two lambs at foot. "You can’t shepherd or farm without accepting you are going to lose animals. It is part of the job." When probed about whether or not she has a favourite and least favourite sheep, Amanda confessed she does. "My favourite ewe is the matriarch," she explained, adding: "We call her The Queen." She went on: "Her horns have dropped off and she has a grey face so very distinctive looking. DON'T MISS... David Attenborough faces rival as Stephen Fry lands nature host gig [LATEST]Whoopi Goldberg sparks petition calling for axe from The View [REACTION]Long Lost Family viewers surprised by 'complicated' twist [VIDEO] "She is incredibly greedy and she poses for selfies with me so she’s a good lass in my eyes. "My worst sheep at the moment is Coconut because she hates her own lambs. She is a terrible mother." Amanda and her husband Clive, 67, have recently made headlines after calling it quits on their marriage. The couple had been together for 21 years and share nine children who star alongside them in Our Yorkshire Farm. Earlier this month, Amanda told her 513,000 Instagram followers: "Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate. "This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family. "Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together, with our number one priority the happiness and well-being of our children." Our Yorkshire Farm is available to watch on My5.