UPDATE: Xur is back in Destiny 2 today with the merchant moving to a new location. If you're looking for Xur's shop then you will be able to find the vendor at the Tower in the Hangar. And if you're wondering what rare exotics are now on sale in Destiny 2 then here's what is now in stock for Guardians... Destiny 2 Xur stock list June 24: Merciless, Gwisin Vest, Citan's Ramparts, Eye of Another World ORIGINAL: Xur is back in Destiny 2 today with the sought-after vendor setting up shop at a new map location. Xur will be dropping in to Destiny 2 around 6pm BST today and will have a new selection of Exotics on sale for Guardians to buy. Last time around Xur was found at Nessus and was there until the latest Destiny 2 weekly reset. If you're hunting around for where Xur is today then Express.co.uk will be updating this article with Xur's location today once it is discovered. For Destiny 2 players wondering what type of rare items will be on sale, here's what Xur had in stock last time around... Crimson, Gemini Jester, Aeon Safe, Vesper of Radius In other Destiny 2 news, Bungie recently revealed an update for Trials of Osiris fans and discussed the ongoing Haunted storyline in its latest This Week at Bungie blog post. Speaking about Trials of Osiris, Bungie said: "The first Freelance Trials of Osiris weekend for Season of the Haunted is on the way, which means more opportunities to check out the ultra-competitive PvP mode for any that are curious about what it has to offer. Whether you’re playing for engrams or playing for that coveted Lighthouse spot, you'll have another shot at both later this week. "We’ve taken in a lot of feedback about the Trials experience and because of that, we’ve learned some important lessons about the player base most involved with competitive experiences like this. We want you to enjoy your time in Saint-14's arena of PvP goodness. We’ll keep taking in that feedback but for now, enjoy Freelance and go make Saint smile. He needs it." While Bungie also checked in with fans and spoke about the need to look after your mental health, as the ongoing Haunted storyline touches on some "heavy" themes. Bungie explained: "As promised, we wanted to provide some additional resources for those Guardians out there that may be taking the Season of the Haunted storyline to heart. We have loved hearing your stories and we are so humbled that you trust us with such sensitive memories. "If you feel like everything is a little too much or that you would like to add some tools to that ‘ol mental health toolkit, please don't hesitate to reach out to the resources available for help. To learn more about the tools to help you when you need them the most, visit here to take on those mental health needs. From anxiety to imposter syndrome, depression to dealing with loss, there’s a resource for everything. You're important, and so is your mental health!"