Our Yorkshire Farm shepherdess Amanda Owen is just one of the big names alongside Gary Lineker, Judi Love and Georgina Hayden joining Latitude’s huge foodie lineup. Taking her hands to a festival, Amanda will appear as a guest cook at The Guest Chef and is set to speak about buying good, seasonal ingredients and reveal her family recipes - a role worlds away from her part in Channel 5's hit series. For 2022, Latitude will add a brand new restaurant, The Guest Chef, with familiar faces cooking the food and meals that bring joy to the festival audience. The food festival is set to kick off in Henham Park, Suffolk, from July 21 to July 24, 2022, where families will be able to enjoy music, art and cultural discovery. The Guest Chef experience provides a dinner service throughout the three days, with Amanda appearing as the guest chef on the closing day. Amanda is known for her Channel 5 series Our Yorkshire Farm, where she appears with her family, allowing viewers an insight into their life living on a farm. READ MORE: Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes' At the family’s remote farm, Ravenseat, Amanda lives a very natural life and has previously explained her attitude toward food. She explained that she believes in buying good, seasonal ingredients when it comes to feeding her family and recently authored Celebrating the Seasons, which included some wholesome recipes. “I am excited to have been asked to design one of the first-ever Guest Chef menus at Latitude Festival this year," Amanda began in a statement about the new project. "When I’m cooking for the family at home, I like to make the most of the wonderful seasonal ingredients that are readily available in the shops and won’t break the bank. "Where our food comes from is equally important to me, so I’m excited that the meat element of my menu will be lamb, born and reared at Ravenseat. "I hope to create the perfect summer menu to go with what will be a great weekend of music and culture.” Each Guest Chef will collaborate with Social Pantry to present a lineup of menus in their own unique style. They will create a meal that will be served in the new restaurant and then go on to join the festival-goers who will be trying their recipes. DON'T MISS...Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen reacts to kids being 'media trained'  [INSIGHT]Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen hits back at social services warning [LATEST]Jeremy Vine defends Amanda Owen after social services warning [WATCH] In the past, Amanda has been vocal about her passion for cooking and appeared on the ITV daytime talk show This Morning a number of times as a guest cook. Her most recent appearance saw Amanda, joined with three of her children, making a fruit crumble for the viewers to follow at home. Whilst explaining how she made the crumble, her children helped with the ingredients and were eager to get stuck in. She had also joined the show prior to this and revealed how she made her toad in the hole with a Yorkshire twist. The twist saw Amanda not use any sausages in her dish but filled the batter with vegetables, leaving This Morning hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield disappointed. "Not the same without the sausage," Phillip remarked while Holly added: "Not the twist we wanted." Attendees to the festival can expect 80 of the greatest street food traders, creating the freshest festival food line-up. Our Yorkshire Farm series 1-5 is available to watch of My5.