Andy Murray has notched another grass-court win, this time over Alexander Bublik in the second round of the Boss Open in Stuttgart. The world No 68 got off to a quick start before recovering when he dropped his break-lead in the second set to close out the match 6-4 7-6(4) in an hour and 42 minutes. Murray and Bublik were facing off for the third time this year, having split their matches with one win each. The Brit beat the 24-year-old in Rotterdam in February before the world No 42 got revenge a few weeks later in Indian Wells. This time it was Murray who started stronger, setting up his first break point in the fourth game of the match which was saved by Bublik. But in the Kazakh’s very next service game, the former world No 1 was able to break to love and eventually served out the opening set 6-3. He looked to be cruising with a set-and-break advantage after taking an early break lead in the second set at 2-1 but the 24-year-old suddenly took things up a gear and broke back to level things at 2-2, then holding for a 3-2 lead. With the on-court microphones at the Boss Open positioned so close to the court, the Brit could be heard telling himself: “You’re doing the right thing Andy. You’re doing the right stuff.” JUST IN: Djokovic 'not playing before Wimbledon' to 'recover' from Nadal loss  It didn’t appear to be enough as the world No 68 was then broken again to give Bublik a 4-2 lead in the set. Murray was then forced to save two set points on his serve in a lengthy six-deuce game and managed to hold for 3-4 before breaking his opponent to love, with the world No 42 clearly affected by failing to close out the set. But Bublik managed to recover and set up another set point on Murray’s serve at 5-4, though this time the three-time Grand Slam champion managed to swiftly save it and quickly hold. The match eventually went to a tiebreak, where the 36-year-old took the first mini-break to lead at 5-3 and managed to close out a 6-4 7-6(4) victory. DON'T MISSZverev told how he could have prevented horror French Open injuryNadal's uncle believes Spaniard 'will be at Wimbledon' despite injuryRaducanu shares unusual treatment in huge push to be fit for Wimbledon  **We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures, and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /sport Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion, and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @DExpress_Sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real-time. We're also on Facebook @DailyExpressSport - offering your must-see news, features, videos, and pictures throughout the day to like, comment, and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express, and Express.co.uk.**