Amanda Owen, 47, took to Twitter and addressed a social media user after she shared a series of photos with daughters Clemmie, five and Nancy, four. The Channel 5 favourite, who is a star on Our Yorkshire Farm, admitted her youngest children can be "sassy" at times. In the candid shots, the siblings could be seen playing in the Yorkshire fields. In view of her 198,000 followers, Amanda captioned the post: "Field notes #yorkshire #meadows #flowers #nature #countryside #outdoors." Twitter user @alister_firth suggested the shepherdess' nine children were "media trained" after he asked the family a question at a recent book festival. The person in question wrote: "Still laughing when one of them asked me 'Who wants to know' at Book Festival #mediatrained." READ MORE: 'Carnage' John Barrowman horror as he's caught up in Berlin crash Amanda reacted to the post, as the Channel 5 star said she hoped her children were polite. She replied: "Savvy and sassy but hopefully polite with it." The Twitter user responded: "Very polite, and defo savvy." The author, who is nicknamed The Yorkshire Shepherdess, has nine children with her husband, Clive.  Their eldest is Raven, who is 21, while their youngest, Nancy, was born in 2016. Reuben, who was born in 2003, regularly contributes to episodes of This Week on the Farm as well as its live spin-off. Their other children include Miles, Edith, Violet, Sidney, Annas and Clementine. Speaking at the Hay Festival of Literature & Wales, where she spoke about running a farm with help from her nine children. DON'T MISS... Gorka Marquez supported by Gemma Atkinson as injury forces show exit[LATEST]Oti Mabuse admits her ‘massive’ boobs left her ‘in tears’[PICTURES]Victoria Beckham stuns in tight bodysuit in bathroom selfie[INSTAGRAM] The on-screen star revealed she had been flagged up by social services. According to the MailOnline, Amanda told the crowd: “I don’t see myself as a perfect parent. “I got a yellow flag from social services... I believe there is a happy medium whereby you do let the kids climb trees.” She continued: “Yes, they haven’t got harnesses on or hard hats, but I believe there are some lessons to be learned that don’t necessarily result in instant death but actually learn your own parameters.” The shepherdess previously came under fire from Unite after an episode of Our Yorkshire Farm saw her children, among other things, driving quad bikes without helmets and trailers without guardrails. Amanda is also an author, photographer, newspaper columnist and public speaker. She has written Sunday Times bestseller The Yorkshire Shepherdess, A Year in the Life of the Yorkshire Shepherdess and The Adventures of the Yorkshire Shepherdess. Our Yorkshire Farm is available to watch on My5.