Through the 2016 referendum, the British people voted to take back control of our borders. But that reassertion of national sovereignty has been diluted by the rulings of an unelected, unaccountable continental cabal. Earlier this month, the British courts decided that it was lawful for the Home Office to remove certain asylum seekers to Rwanda. But, with its usual arrogance, the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg decided otherwise. This decision was not a defence of basic liberties. On the contrary, it was a highly politicised attack on the very concept of national independence. What made it all the more reprehensible is that the name of the judge behind the ruling has been withheld from the public. So far the president of the court, Robert Spano, has insisted on confidentiality, despite attempts by this paper to uncover the truth Other judges have joined Spano in upholding this wall of silence, which shows that the court knows that it has something to hide. But that is no way to conduct a proper judicial process. Justice should be seen to be done in open session. American President John F Kennedy said that "the very word secrecy is repugnant in a free and open society". The conduct of the anonymous European jurists is repugnant to any Briton who believes in self-governance and transparency. READ MORE: Europe's secret court exposed - OWN judge breaks cover   The bitter irony is that the European Convention on Human Rights, which underpins the Strasbourg Court, was introduced in the 1950s to promote democracy. Yet in the hands of politicised lawyers, power-hungry European judges and partisan campaigners, the convention has often been an enemy of freedom. In the Rwanda deportations case, it has been the ally of people traffickers and the enemy of ministerial accountability. The cover-up is part of this anti-democratic spirit. Secret courts, closed proceedings and arbitrary judgements are the stuff of totalitarian regimes. Despite Brexit, we are still having to endure intervention and secrecy from our colonial masters in Europe. That is why we have to ditch the European Convention and pull out of the jurisdiction of the Strasbourg Court. This week the Justice Secretary Dominic Raab introduced a Bill of Rights to curtail the influence of the court. His scheme does not go far enough because the European judges remain in ultimate charge. That is not what the nation voted for in 2016. 