Some will emerge with credit, others with shame. Ahead in the second category will be Germany. The miserable record of once-mighty Germany will derive not from the dithering Olaf Scholz but from once revered Angela Merkel. It was she who dismantled Germany's modern, clean, safe, affordable and most importantly German-controlled nuclear-powered electricity industry and made her country the servant of Russia with massive gas/oil dependency. Just about all today's woes spring from that. Putin would never have dared without that crucial safety belt. Merkel gave it to him and he was already a ruthless dictator back then. Since then Scholz has promised the world but sent only a few rifles. When he invaded, Vladimir Putin must have had a four-point plan. Invade, conquer, subdue and rule through a chain of quislings. He had already done this twice. He pulverised Chechnya into submission and its capital Grozny into rubble. His appointee Kadyrov has been the dictator on the basis of the usual rigged elections. His other colony is Belarus under brutish Lukashenko. But Ukraine, with its huge territory running up to the EU and its enormous wheat and sunflower crops, was always the jewel in the crown. Problem: his invasion could not be prevented but the later three stages have failed. Unlike the Chechens and Belarussians, the Ukrainians have fought back like tigers and still do. Putin has abandoned all but the Donbas, the extreme eastern enclave where a population of ethnic Russians still lives in Luhansk and Donetz. If the Ukrainians go on resisting, which it seems they will, only a negotiated settlement can now end the actual combat. But the enmity will last forever. Russia's economy crumbles; her military morale is in the gutter. Only a gullible population, goaded by a frenzied Putin-controlled media, continues to support. His inner core of sycophants must surely be eyeing personal salvation. His toppling would solve everything and may not be long delayed. It happened to Ceausescu in Romania, it could happen again. Let us hope so? and soon. -------------------------------------------------- A columnist in a newspaper less well informed than this one bewailed the cluster of V-signs offered by British football fans to their less-than-welcoming French hosts at a foreign fixture. The implication was that their raised fingers were obscene. Not so. The American and European single rigid middle finger has a clear sexual origin but our V-sign does not. The truth goes back a long way. In 1415 English archers were marching to Agincourt for a final clash with the French. The peasantry leaned from their cottage windows to jeer. When our king has destroyed your king, they shouted, we are going to cut off the first and second fingers of your right hands. Then you will never draw a bowstring again Agincourt turned out differently. The English bowmen crushed the French mounted aristocracy, who quit the field. As they marched back to Calais for embarkation they raised the two bowstring fingers in a gesture of defiance. We have been doing it ever since. There is nothing obscene about it. Among the many lessons about ourselves that last weekend surely revealed is this: We have for too long kowtowed to tiny minorities promoting their causes by wrecking lives among the rest of us. I mean the plaque-defilers, statue-smearers, road-blockers, monument-wreckers and so forth. All their damage has to be carefully repaired - at our expense. But who do the rowdy wreckers actually represent? One percent? Less? To them can now be added the republicans. How reassuring to hear from such a world authority as Stella Creasy (who she? Ed) that for a woman to develop a penis would be very rare. Try to imagine the shock to an old codger having lunch with a charming lady if a completely uninvited guest popped over the table edge to upset the ketchup. Perhaps I should ask Saga for a little extra insurance cover? We live in troubling times.