Arsenal's decision to cool their interest in Youri Tielemans is a hint at the Gunners' next two signings this summer. Gabriel Jesus and Raphinha are on the club's radar and both could be making their way to north London. A deal for Fabio Vieira has been agreed and the player underwent a medical on Friday ahead of signing a five-year contract. Vieira will become the second signing of the summer for Mikel Arteta following the arrival of Brazilian youngster Marquinhos. Tielemans was set to be a top midfield target for Arsenal in this window. However, Sky Sports reporter Rob Dorsett says the Belgian is now likely to sign a one-year contract extension at Leicester due to Arsenal backing off in their interest. The Gunners are claimed to only be signing one midfielder this summer and Vieira is that player. Vieira can play further forward in the frontline but the decision not to sign Tielemans hints that Arteta wants to play him in the midfield three. READ MORE: Yves Bissouma's Tottenham comments show just how close Arsenal may have come to transfer  Therefore, if Nicolas Pepe departs as expected, there will be a slot available for a new signing. Arsenal are in the market for a striker and Jesus is their top target. Reports say the Gunners are confident of striking an agreement with Manchester City for the player. But Jesus may not be the only attacker to head through the gates of London Colney, with Leeds star Raphinha also a target for Arteta this summer. The Athletic claims Leeds will not stand in the winger's way if his valuation is met. If Arteta was to sign Tielemans and Vieira, it would make a move for Raphinha unlikely, both budget-wise and in terms of squad depth as Arsenal would be stacked in wide-attacking options. However, with the Tielemans deal looking less likely, Raphinha could become a major target. The 25-year-old joined Leeds from Rennes in 2020 and has been a key part of their first two seasons in the Premier League. DON'T MISSTottenham's frightening XI if they beat Man Utd to Antony and make three more signingsMan Utd could be about to sign another Angel Di Maria under Erik ten HagLiverpool told to sell Jurgen Klopp favourite who is 'not good enough' - 'Time to go'  He scored 11 goals in 35 league appearances last term as Jesse Marsch's side just avoided relegation to the Championship on the final day. Raphinha has just two years remaining on his contract at Elland Road. Tottenham have also been linked with the player, as have Barcelona. But the La Liga side's financial difficulties makes a deal unlikely. Therefore Arsenal have more of a free run at signing the exciting star. And if a deal for Jesus can be agreed as well, there could be two Brazilians heading to the Emirates this summer.  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here