The youngest daughter of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson sparked a frenzy on Instagram as she published several pictures to mark the extraordinary bank holiday weekend of celebrations held to mark the historic Platinum Jubilee. In her post, Eugenie thanked he grandmother and monarch the Queen for her "service, selflessness and dedication". She wrote: "Thank you, Your Majesty, Grannie, for 70 years of service, selflessness and dedication. "You are such a shining light for us all. "Just a final roundup of some epic moments of the most special weekend that I was so honoured to be a part of. "From The Birthday Parade, to celebrating with edencommunities in Paddington for their #bigjubileelunch to showing Augie the colourful pageant and ending cheering loudly for this remarkable woman." The princess accompanied the post with several pictures depicting some of the most poignant moments from Jubilee weekend – such as the last balcony appearance of Her Majesty – as well as behind the scenes instants from Eugenie and Princess Beatrice's attendance at a street party. Many royal fans were particularly drawn to family moments shared by Eugenie, including a picture with her sister taken after the service at St Paul's Cathedral and one showing the princess hugging her husband Jack Brooksbank while holding their son August Philip Hawke. Commenting on the intimate snaps, Instagram user kttheletters wrote: "Love that sister picture and your family shot at the end!" nursecindy91 said: "It was a very special day for I believe the entire world. READ MORE: Belgium mocks royal blunders in Queen’s Platinum Jubilee tribute "And your little Augie is adorable thank you for sharing him with us." Focusing on one-year-old August, brandibabb123 wrote: "Your little man is absolutely adorable!!!" Social media user mandyrose_34 added: "Thank you for sharing these lovely photos of you and your family". And Stateside-based annedease said: "Thank you for sharing your dear Grandmother and your lovely family. I may be a USA girl, but God save the Queen!!!!"  August, born on February 9 last year, was among the little royals watching the People's Pageant from the Royal Box located near Buckingham Palace. The adorable one-year-old also admired the RAF flypast from the roof of a central London building on Thursday, as shown in pictures and a video shared by his doting mother on Instagram last week. Eugenie and her husband Jack have been particularly present throughout the weekend of celebrations. On the first day of the extended bank holiday weekend, they watched the Trooping the Colour parade from the Major General's Office overlooking Horse Guards Parade, alongside most working and non-working members of the Firm. On the following day, they attended the national service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. In accordance with the pecking order, they sat on the second row, near Princess Beatrice, her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. On Saturday, the loved-up pair sat among other royals to watch the extraordinary Party at the Palace concert. The event was attended by several members of the Firm, including Prince George and Princess Charlotte. The Queen was not there in person, but delighted the public by taking part in a skit with Paddington bear. Finally, on Sunday, Eugenie, Jack and their son watched the extraordinary pageant involving thousands of people, vehicles and puppets. A few hours earlier, the princess stepped out with her sister to join revellers at a street party in the borough of Westminster. The royals were pictured speaking with people in attendance, trying to spin plates and playing bowling.