Amrit Magar, 35, was given a five-year restraining order and sentenced to community service in February after he was found guilty of stalking and harassing the British tennis star. As Ms Raducanu plays Wimbledon, authorities have reportedly sent out letters to "individuals well known to the police" telling them they will be arrested if they access the club. Sources told the Daily Star those sent warning letters are people who have "proved in the past that they are capable of causing disruption or even security fears at major events". Magar was not specifically named by police though is a high-profile culprit identified as a possible threat, The Star reported. The married delivery driver, from Harrow in north-east London, said he had walked 23 miles to the US Open champion's home and then took her father's shoe — thinking it belonged to Ms Raducanu — as a souvenir. He found her address by travelling to the London suburb where the British number one lives with her parents and asking people for directions. READ MORE: Wimbledon order of play – when Andy Murray, Emma Raducanu and Novak Djokovic play on Day 3 He turned up at the property on three separate occasions between November 1 and December 2 last year, the Bromley magistrates court heard in January. In one of the three instances, Magar left a bouquet of flowers with a note that read: "Nothing to say but you deserve love." There was also a self-drawn map to show the long distance he had walked to the property. On his last visit, he decorated a tree in the front garden with Christmas lights. He was caught by Ms Raducanu's father, who recognised Magar from doorbell camera footage from previous visits and followed him by car while calling the police. Ms Raducanu said in a court statement: "Since all this has happened I have felt creeped out. "I feel very apprehensive if I go out, especially if I am on my own. Because of this, I feel like my freedom has been taken away from me." She added: "I am constantly looking over my shoulder. I feel on edge and worried this could happen again. "I don't feel safe in my own home, which is where I should feel safest." The 19-year-old tennis player told police: "I want to move to a new house with better security because I am worried he might come back as he knows where my home is." Wimbledon chief executive Sally Bolton told the same outlet: "Every year, security is something we take very seriously with every single player that attends the championships." Asked if they had been forced to take extra measures to safeguard Ms Raducanu, she replied: "We do detailed risk assessments across the piece on players and we will put in place security as appropriate. "I can't go into detail."