Meghan and Harry, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, stepped back as senior working royals two years ago but attended the thanksgiving service at St Pauls's Cathedral as part of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations – their first official event together since leaving the Firm. Their arrival at the ceremony to celebrate 70 years of the Queen’s reign was met with a mix of cheers and boos from the crowds.  This was the only official event the couple attended as it was deemed a family – rather than public – occasion. The couple had their two children – Archie, three, and one-year-old Lilibet – with them, but kept a low profile during their trip. A source who knows the couple told People last week that their visit was rooted in their loyalty to the Queen. The source said: “They were low-key. They paid their respects and went home. They were really here to see the Queen, and they did.”  Gauging public mood on the Sussexes presence at the Jubilee, Express.co.uk ran a series of polls on the issue. The first, which ran from 2pm on Sunday, June 5, to midday on Tuesday, June 14, asked: “Have Harry and Meghan made a valuable contribution to the Jubilee?” A total of 16,543 people cast their votes with the overwhelming majority – 97 percent (15,970 people) – answering “no”, Harry and Meghan did not make a valuable contribution to the Jubilee. A further three percent (478 people) said “yes”, they did make a valuable contribution while just 95 people said they did not know either way.  The Sussex family were reportedly already flying home before the Jubilee Pageant began on Sunday afternoon, June 5. It is believed that Meghan and Harry set off with their children from Frogmore Cottage in Windsor – where they had spent the Jubilee weekend – at 1:30pm to be driven to Farnborough Airport, Hampshire. An insider told The Sun: “There was no fanfare, they just went. They didn’t stick around for the Platinum Jubilee Pageant, which is a celebration of Britain and all of its quirks and eccentricities over the Queen’s 70-year reign.” In response, Express.co.uk ran a second poll from 9am on Thursday, June 7, to midday on Tuesday June 14, which asked: “Should Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have stayed until the end of the Jubilee?” Overall, 4,368 people responded and readers were divided with 50 percent (2,172 people) answering “no”, they should not have stayed and 49 percent (2,146 people) saying “yes”, they should have. In addition, one percent (50 people) said they did not know either way.  Both polls gained hundreds of comments on the accompanying articles with many readers agreeing that Meghan and Harry did not make much contribution to the celebrations. One reader, username Dukeofdar, said: “I don’t think their contribution would have been missed if they didn’t come.” Another, username MJav said: “No! Wouldn't have noticed if they hadn't been there!” Some thought that Meghan and Harry’s contribution was enough with username Goldielover writing: “The best contribution they made was by staying out of sight.” And username Delsey said: “Definitely NOT, what we did see was enough.” DON'T MISS'We want them to make up!' Americans rally around Meghan and Harry over family rift [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew have his royal status reinstated? [VOTE]Prince Andrew's plans to use Falklands War anniversary to stage royal return [LATEST]  Others commented that Meghan and Harry should not have attended the UK for the Jubilee. Username Suerob said: “Nope. They shouldn’t have been at the Jubilee at all.” Username Olly Smyth said: “No, they should never have come here in the first place.” And username Midget12 said: “I don’t see why they should have stayed, they weren’t part of the Jubilee celebration.” However, username mcCull wrote: “They definitely should have stayed – at least two or three days more.”