Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson’s daughter Princess Eugenie posted heartwarming pictures on Instagram showing her and her husband Jack Brooksbank and their one-year-old son enjoying the historic RAF flypast on what appears to be the roof of St James’s Palace. The Queen’s grandchildren are thought to have gathered on there for the momentous Trooping the Colour parade before attending a secret cousins’ lunch, which was revealed by Zara Tindall’s husband, Mike.  As a non-working member of the Royal Family, Princess Eugenie could not stand on the Buckingham Palace balcony to watch the flypast. Although it remains unconfirmed, videos shared on Princess Eugenie’s Instagram show Princess Beatrice and her stepson Wolfie and the Tindalls also present on the roof to watch the historic moment. It is believed to have taken place just before the cousins enjoyed a lunch together, which was described as one of the “highlight” of the Jubilee by Mr Tindall. Ex-rugby star Mr Tindall told how the Queen’s grandchildren who watched from the Major General's Office overlooking Horse Guards Parade went for lunch while working members of the Firm including the Queen, Prince Charles, Camilla, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Princess Anne enjoyed lunch at Buckingham Palace. Meghan Markle and Prince Harry are understood to have returned immediately to Frogmore Cottage. This means that it was just Princess Eugenie and Princess Beatrice with their husbands and children, the Tindalls, and Peter Philips and his daughters who attended the lunch.  READ MORE: Princess Eugenie sparks frenzy with pictures of 'adorable' August Speaking on his ‘The Good, The Bad and The Rugby podcast, Mr Tindall said of the Jubilee: “It was outstanding, to be fair. It was just great to be a part of. “We had a good cousins' lunch on the Thursday. That was a highlight.” Princess Eugenie sparked a frenzy on Instagram when she published several pictures to mark the extraordinary bank holiday weekend of celebrations held to mark the historic Platinum Jubilee.  DON'T MISS Beatrice and Eugenie show off 'new style' in Saloni & Roksanda dresse [PICTURES]Eugenie delights fans with rare behind-scenes video of baby August [INSIGHT]Princess Eugenie's engagement ring is 'one of the rarest jewels' [INFO] In her deeply personal post, Eugenie thanked he grandmother and monarch the Queen for her "service, selflessness and dedication". He wrote: "Thank you, Your Majesty, Grannie, for 70 years of service, selflessness and dedication. "You are such a shining light for us all.  "Just a final roundup of some epic moments of the most special weekend that I was so honoured to be a part of. "From The Birthday Parade, to celebrating with edencommunities in Paddington for their #bigjubileelunch to showing Augie the colourful pageant and ending cheering loudly for this remarkable woman."  Many royal fans were particularly drawn to one image showing the princess hugging her husband Jack Brooksbank while holding their son August Philip Hawke. This was the first time royal watchers have caught a glimpse of adorable August, born on February 9 last year, who was among the little royals watching the People's Pageant from the Royal Box located near Buckingham Palace.