 Many motorists up and down the country choose to modify their cars, with popular changes including tinted windows and number plates, but even temporary changes could result in fines. In some instances, they may even result in facing a partial or full void on their warranty policy.  Temporary larger decals or stickers on a vehicle, such as Union Jack flags, may void the insurance policy depending on the provider. If a flag obstructs the view of the road, drivers could be slapped with a £1,000 fine. Rule 30 of the Road Vehicles (Construction and Use) Regulations 1986 states motorists must have a full view of the road at all times. In addition to this, anything that blocks the front or rear window could result in an on-the-spot £100 fine. READ MORE: TAX THEM! Electric cars cause 'more pollution' than petrol and diesel  This could rise up to £1,000 and three penalty points on a driving licence. Duncan McClure-Fisher, CEO at MotorEasy, warned drivers not to put themselves at risk with Jubilee modifications. He said: “It is important for motorists to be aware of the unexpected ways that they can unintentionally void their car warranty policy as it can land them with extra costs. “Not only is it wise to be mindful of the above factors, but we would also always advise drivers to go through their new or existing protection policies thoroughly to know what is covered and what is not to avoid being caught out. DON'T MISSDriver‘s car completely covered in cling film [SHOCKING]Low Emission Zones launching today - Polluting vehicles to be banned [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of staggering fines for not wearing sunglasses [WARNING]  “Keep safe this bank holiday weekend on the roads as they will be busy, so be sure to plan ahead with all routes and do necessary pre-checks to your vehicle and check breakdown cover details before embarking on long journeys.” The RAC is also warning drivers of the risks they face with their car when celebrating the Jubilee this week. No matter if bunting is blocking a window or not, if it isn’t securely placed on the vehicle, it could be a breach of Rule 53 of the regulations. This rule states that if anything attached to the car could fall and strike another car, person or road user, then the driver is liable for another on the spot fine of £100.  This could increase to £2,500, as well as between three points on their licence or disqualification in the most serious cases. The motoring organisation are also warning that attaching any Jubilee decorations to the car could actually void the policy. They are viewed as cosmetic upgrades, no matter how small they may seem, which insurers may view as altering the car from its original specifications. It is advisable for drivers to speak with their car insurance providers to make sure they don’t get into trouble this Jubilee weekend.  The same can apply during different holidays throughout the year, with many putting tinsel on their cars at Christmas and ribbons and cans on the rear of the vehicle for weddings. Over the Jubilee weekend, around 19.5 million leisure journeys will be taken by car as drivers look to make use of the bank holiday. Bank holiday Thursday is likely to be the next busiest day (3.3 million) followed by both Saturday and the Wednesday preceding the bank holidays (2.6 million each day). An additional five million will use their cars at some point over the full five days, boosting the overall numbers of cars clogging the roads. Transport experts INRIX predict that traffic conditions could be worst in the mornings of the bank holidays and advise drivers to set off as early as possible or delay their trips until much later in the day to skip any jams.