Meghan Markle and the Queen have only been photographed side-by-side a handful of times across royal engagements in 2018 and 2019. Royal fans were hoping for a photo opportunity between Her Majesty and the Duchess of Sussex during the Platinum Jubilee, however that didn’t happen. Although much has been said about the relationship between the Queen and Meghan, a body language expert has noted that their poses “suggested intimacy and friendship”.  Judi James, a body language expert, exclusively spoke to Express.co.uk to analyse the poses between these two women from when Meghan was a working royal. She said: “The Queen can be the hardest royal to read as her body language skills have been honed over decades to project a professional mask that is appropriate for the occasion and with as little non-verbal ‘leakage’ as possible. “With time she has also acquired a ‘resting’ facial expression though that can appear to suggest disapproval. “But this is probably the most misleading expression in her repertoire as it can make a very upbeat and stoic woman appear slightly dour at times,” the expert claimed.  Why is Meghan’s body language “easier to read”? Judi suggested: “Meghan is probably easier to read, especially when it comes to her intentionally projected persona, i.e. the signals she is wanting to send out. “She is a woman who is happy to show her emotions, especially the loving ones. “As a newbie to the Firm, it was pretty obvious from the effort visible in her poses with the Queen that she was keen to make a good impression and to get it all right.  “The photos that are left of the two women together reflect this sense of effort from Meghan that might contradict any assumptions that she had always planned to bolt from the UK. “She seems to be working to epitomize regal elegance, with her back straight and her chin raised and the elegant leg angle as she sits down.” Do any of their poses suggest a “negative” relationship? According to the body language expert, any "negative" poses between Meghan and the Queen are "misleading", noting that they always seemed "affectionate" with each other.  Judi opined: “The Queen’s expressions here do sometimes suggest negativity but this is a misleading trait and her normal demeanour towards Meghan tended to be maternal and affectionate. “The most telling pose between the two women is probably the one taken when the Queen took Meghan on her ‘induction’ visit to learn the royal ropes and to be shown off at the Queen’s side. “Meghan registers close affection by smiling and whispering to the Queen with a raised hand gesture of confidentiality. “This gesture suggested intimacy and friendship.  “The Queen’s response was complimentary and positive as she sits chuckling happily,” Judi added. One of the last times Meghan was pictured side by side with the Queen was when she introduced baby Archie to his great-grandmother. What was their body language like then? Judi said: “The cues suggest this could have been a close and happy relationship. “The iconic photo of the Queen beaming as she leans to peer at baby Archie only endorses that idea.” 