Manchester United’s Paul Pogba misery is set to continue throughout June as the 13-time Premier League champions will reportedly hand the France international another lavish pay packet in excess of £1million before his contract expires at the end of the month. United have confirmed that Pogba will call time on his career at Old Trafford this summer. The Red Devils shelled out a club record £89million to sign Pogba for a second time in 2016, four years after he had exited for free to sign for Juventus. And there was huge excitement at Old Trafford as the club landed a player who was billed as one of the best midfielders in the world. Over the last six years, Pogba has shown glimpses of his genius. But he has underwhelmed for large parts of his United career and has been slammed by a string of pundits for his uninspiring performances. After being sent off against Liverpool in the Premier League last October, the 29-year-old started just nine more top flight games for his current employers. He did start the Red Devils’ FA Cup fourth round defeat to Championship side Middlesbrough at the start of February but could only muster a place on the bench for the second leg of his side’s crucial Champions League round of 16 showdown with Atletico Madrid as United were knocked out of the competition in March. READ MORE: Gareth Bale confirms Real Madrid transfer exit in classy statement  Pogba, who lifted the World Cup trophy with France in 2018, has certainly not had the impact at Old Trafford that club chiefs would have been hoping for when they sanctioned his signing during Jose Mourinho’s early days in charge. And bosses are hardly likely to be jumping at joy at the prospect of handing him even more cash before he leaves. According to The Mirror, Pogba will receive another £1.16m in wages before he turns his back on the club for good. And that will take his total earnings at Old Trafford to a eye-watering £90.5m. DON'T MISS Manchester United open talks with Barcelona for Frenkie de Jong dealArsenal 'to complete first summer signing in next 10 days'Liverpool star Mohamed Salah 'wants Premier League transfer'       “It was a low-key end to a United career that had brought so many individual high moments, so many beautiful goals, assists and pieces of skill,” United wrote in a statement on Wednesday as they announced the departure of the blockbuster star, who has been tipped to join Paris Saint-Germain or return to Juventus. “But for a boy that joined the academy at 16 to make over 200 United appearances and lift the Youth Cup, along with two major pieces of silverware - not to mention the World Cup at international level - is something that should be applauded and celebrated. “Everyone at the club would like to congratulate Paul on his successful career, and thank him for his contributions to Manchester United. We wish him all the best for the next steps on a remarkable journey.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 