Poppy Jones, 14, who has a nut allergy, went into anaphylactic shock on the eight-hour flight after a man 10 rows away from her ate peanuts. The passenger appeared to ignore cabin crew announcements to stop eating nuts. The teenager was on the British Airways flight with her mother, Joanna Jones, when she passed out and required oxygen and EpiPen shots. Cabin crew appealed for a “doctor onboard” and a nurse responded, who was able to help stabilise Poppy and administer oxygen. The pilot considered making an emergency landing, but the plane was able to continue on to Gatwick where it was met by an ambulance. Ms Jones, 39, said that the crew had told passengers about the nut allergy at the beginning of the flight. She told MailOnline: “It was a nightmare for all of us and I really thought she might die. “It was really, really frightening and it was all down to a passenger who carried on eating nuts despite at least two announcements not to.  “When we boarded the crew asked passengers not to eat peanuts as my daughter has an allergy, but as we took off I saw a man around 10 rows in front eating nuts. “I was worried and asked if we could be moved but there was no availability and the crew asked him to stop eating the nuts but he ignored the requests and carried on.” Ms Jones, a carer from Tooting, south London, said the plane was three hours away from Gatwick when Poppy went into anaphylaxis. The pilot declared a medical emergency and Ms Jones administered two EpiPen shots to her teenage daughter. A nurse onboard the flight who responded to cabin crew announcements helped stabilise Poppy by fitting her with an oxygen mask. When the plane landed in Gatwick the teenager was taken to hospital by ambulance. READ MORE: SPAR recalls popular sweet treat due to undeclared ingredient  She said the ordeal was a “horrible experience” that could have been avoided if the man had listened to the crew’s announcements. She said: “It was so frightening. The pilot declared a medical emergency and at one point they were considering making an emergency landing but in the end he decided to carry on to Gatwick.  “It was a horrible experience and it could have all been avoided if this man had listened to the announcements and not eaten nuts. “People seem to think this isn’t a serious issue but it is and the airlines should do more they should make it illegal for people to eat nuts onboard a plane if someone is allergic to them. “All the crew could do was ask him to stop eating them but he wouldn’t he carried on and just didn’t seem to care that he was putting my daughter’s life at risk. “We had asked to change cabin section but the crew couldn’t do that and when she went into anaphylaxis it was awful – she’s had attacks before but never on a plane and that’s what made it all the more frightening.”  DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Huge blow for Putin - 'The Executioner' killed by sniper [LIVE]Cornwall earthquake terrifies locals – tremor ‘felt like hand grenade' [BREAKING]Meghan and Harry release emotional statement over Lilibet [LATEST] Ms Jones had been on holiday with her mother, Poppy and two other children. She said that airlines should “do more to protect people who have nut allergies”. She said: “They should ban nuts completely from all flights and if someone refuses to obey then action should be taken on them as well. “Surely someone’s life is worth more than eating a few nuts? It’s crazy that more isn’t being done about this issue. All the cabin crew can do is ask someone not to eat nuts and that’s it – it’s ridiculous.” A British Airways spokesman said: “The safety and welfare of our customers is always our priority, and we take the issue of allergens very seriously. “Our crew cared for a customer who appeared to suffer an allergic reaction on board, and they arranged for paramedics to meet the aircraft.” 