Officers scrambled to remove two protesters who gained access to the parade path as a band of guards marched down the Mall. Two people could be seen rushing from the sidelines into the performing soldiers before being tackled to the ground by officers. A third protester could be seen walking ahead of the soldiers holding a sign seemingly reading "release royal land."  The protesters were then removed to the side of the parade to be handcuffed and removed. Sky News royal expert Rhiannon Mills said: "Is that a police officer walking into the road?" Presenter Sarah-Jane Mee also appeared surprised by the incursion: "Yeah, we seem to have a couple of people interrupting." And commentator Alistair Bruce clarified: "Demonstrators there, I think. I think the police would be very worried about the soldiers in this situation. JUST IN: Harry and Meghan WILL attend Trooping the Colour as Prince Charles stands in for Queen "We've got to remember it's an interesting time in the world and people who are in a democracy are encouraged to come out to enjoy this, or express their views. "But we do know that the security here will be concerned about making sure the soldiers are safe. Mr Bruce recounted: "I was on guard when someone fired at the Queen with a startling pistol, and almost missed a sergeant. "And my corporal, Alex Gallaway, grabbed the shooter and pulled him over the barricade and laid into him with his boot. READ MORE: Queen bumps Palace staff salary 5% amid crippling cost of living crisis 'Felt appropriate' By the time the police turned up, he was begging for the police to take Lance Corporal Gallaway off him. "Soldiers will do whatever they can to protect the Queen but the police has principal responsibility here for security and, of course, that is an issue that will need to be managed as carefully as they always do." Ms Mills added: "It's a huge job, isn't it, for the security services? "And they want to make sure that this occasion is seen to be as open as possible." Police confirmed they had arrested several protesters for obstructing the highway. Animal Rebellion said on Twitter that "animal rebels" were behind the disturbance. The group said: "Animal Rebels disrupt the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations demanding that Royal Land is Reclaimed." The force said on Twitter: "A number of arrests have been made of people who attempted to enter the ceremonial route in The Mall at approximately 10.10hrs today. "The arrests were public order related for highway obstruction. "Thank you to the crowd who showed their support by clapping our officers who returned to their post after dealing with the incident swiftly."