Haas has refused a partnership with Irish airline brand Ryanair over a 2023 sponsorship in a cheeky Twitter exchange. In the hilarious social media debate, the airline said: “Ryanair livery in F1...nice. @HaasF1Team would be in our budget range.” However, Haas hit back, claiming they had no interest in doing any sort of sponsorship deal. They said: “Nah, you're ok. We had enough of being last to our finishing destination last year.” Ryanair responded: “Haas [admin] chose violence. YES. Guenther should put you in seat two next season. If you look at drivers and contractors tables we're on top in Europe.” It comes less than a year after the American manufacturer split with title sponsor UralKali after Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. After terminating the arrangement, Haas said that finances were not an issue and stressed they had “good interest” from companies looking at signing a deal. READ MORE: F1 outcast Nikita Mazepin takes sly dig at Mick Schumacher Weeks later the team announced they had struck a major partnership with TransferMate. Earlier in the season, Steiner admitted the team would not rush into any F1 sponsorship deals without doing some due diligence after previous bad experiences. The team was sponsored by Rich Energy in 2019 but the deal ended after the CEO attacked the team on social media. Ural Kali was the next to sponsor the American squad ahead of the 2021 season. Speaking to Motorsport.com, he said: “There is a lot of movement, but we don’t want to jump immediately onto the next one. We want to take our time, do our due diligence, make a good decision. We are in a safe place at the moment." However, the team are clearly looking for new sponsors with team principal Guenther Steiner raising concerns about the team’s lack of budget throughout the season. DON'T MISSHaas boss Steiner accuses Sky Sports of causing Schumacher friction [INSIGHT]Haas boss hints Schumacher will be axed if he suffers another F1 crash [ANALYSIS]Mick Schumacher hit with 'serious conversation' threat by Haas boss [COMMENT] It comes after Mick Schumacher was involved in two heavy accidents so far this season. Impacts at the Saudi Arabian and Monaco Grands Prix have led to millions of pounds worth of damage. Discussing Schumacher’s accidents, Steiner said: “The budget cap is not the problem, the budget is the problem. Obviously, this is never good and the additional problem we have got now is just the speed to keep up to make parts is getting more and more difficult. Dallara works day and night to get the spares that we can keep going. “The money is always an issue as you have to pay, but the issue was to have enough parts made because production can only do so much.”