Father and son were filmed laughing together after the royal box was urged to shout out loud. Prince George looked like a mini version of Prince William in a blue suit and tie. The eight-year-old was spotted throughout the show clapping his hands and following the rhythm of the songs performed on stage. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** Looking eager and happy to be at the special event, the third-in-line to the throne was also seen waving a Union Jack on multiple occasions alongside his sister. Prince George and his sister Princess Charlotte surprised royal watchers with their attendance at the concert. The spectacle, televised by the BBC, saw a crowd of more than 22,000 people in attendance. Alongside Prince George, Charlotte and their parents, there were some 30 members of the Royal Family in attendance. Meghan Markle and Prince Harry were not among them. A spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex announced shortly before the beginning of the star-studded event that the pair would not step out of Frogmore Cottage as they were dedicating today to their children. Indeed, today marks a very special milestone for the family, as their daughter Lilibet 'Lili' Diana is turning one. Notably absent tonight was also Her Majesty, who watched the show from her home in Windsor. READ MORE: Queen last-minute diary change scuppers Harry and Meghan Netflix plan Nevertheless, the sovereign brushed up on her acting skill and was featured in the show by appearing in a heartwarming clip featuring herself and Paddington bear having tea at Buckingham Palace. The concert took place on the doorsteps of Buckingham Palace on three stages linked together to perfectly frame the Queen's residence behind them. While it was dedicated to the Queen and her extraordinary 70-year-long reign, the concert also touched on a number of global themes that have been born, or evolved, during the breadth of Her Majesty’s reign due to extraordinary British and Commonwealth contributions including fashion, sport and the environment. Musicals were also featured, thanks to a performance curated by legendary composer Andrew Lloyd Webber featuring a special appearance by Lin-Manuel Miranda plus performances featuring casts and special guests from The Phantom Of The Opera, Hamilton, Six, The Lion King and Joseph And The Amazing Technicolour Dreamcoat. The concert took place on the third day of events celebrating the Platinum Jubilee. George and Charlotte have been particularly present during this extended bank holiday weekend. On Thursday, they took part for the first time in a carriage ride through the Mall and leading up to Horse Guards Parade. Sharing the carriage with their younger brother Prince Louis as well as Kate and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, the little royals waved eagerly at the crowds gathered to catch a glimpse of members of the Firm. The three Cambridges children also stepped onto the balcony of Buckingham Palace to watch with their great-grandmother and other working royals the RAF flypast. While they did not attend the service of thanksgiving for the Platinum Jubilee held at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday, earlier today they headed to Cardiff Castle with their parents. During their first-ever official visit to the Welsh capital, the children took part in a walkabout and spoke to royal fans. They also met staff and performers at the Jubilee concert that took place earlier today on the grounds of the castle. Charlotte eagerly conducted the orchestra with her hands as they played the popular song We Don't Talk About Bruno from the Disney film Encanto. MORE TO FOLLOW