Rocky Balboa fans have long been in awe of Sylvester Stallone and his incredible physique. But the 75-year-old movie legend revealed he'd found a new way of working out that he claims is the "hardest, toughest, most productive way of working out". After years of pumping iron in the gym, Stallone revealed due to his age, he now no longer lifts weights and had to find a different way of keeping himself fit. He wrote on Instagram: "I used to work out a lot with weights, and the cheque comes doing that. "Your joints start to hurt, your back, knees - it just happens. "Sometimes getting into that kind of s**t can kill you. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "So I've found a new way to work out." And it's one people can do from the comfort of their own homes, with only one piece of equipment that can fit in their pockets. "For me, at my age, I've found the newest, hardest, toughest, most productive way [of working out] is bands," he continued in the post. Resistance bands are known to recruit the "stabiliser" muscles, which supports the larger muscles and joints when the body moves. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] They can help reduce the risk of injury and are a safe and low-impact option for older people. "Training with bands, stretching bands, you can get an entire workout done in 20 minutes that is life-changing," Stallone explained. "Aerobic, physical, it's different... You don't get bored which is very important." Bones and joints are a factor all older people should consider when exercising, as any jerky movement while carrying heavy weights can be hard on the joints. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim As people grow older, the range of movement decreases due to wear and tear and a Harvard Medical School study found that it could help age-related muscle loss, called sarcopenia. Another study conducted by the American Physiological Society revealed that the rate of muscle fibre loss and wastage was close to one percent a year for people aged 50 and over. Personal trainer Jen Skym hailed the bands for their versatility when it comes to working out. "One of the main benefits of resistance bands is that they provide variety," she said. "You can do a full-body workout with them and, as with all strength training, they help to build muscle mass and tone. "You can loop them around your legs or arms, and they come in all different shapes and sizes. Like weights, they have different resistances to make your workout easier or harder." Skym explained that due to resistance bands feeling a little unsteady to use, the constant tension means people have to "work extra hard" and engage the core to maintain control and form.