Now, Charles isn’t stupid. He must surely have known that while accepting this cash was legal – it was still a very stupid thing to do. It’s exactly the kind of thing we’d have expected of his brother Prince Andrew but you’d have thought Charles would have had more sense – because of how this looks. In fact, if Prince Andrew had done this you’d imagine Charles would have been the first to castigate him for it – for bringing the royals’ reputation if not into disrepute – into question. Prince Charles is said to have handed the money directly to his aides who then passed it on to his charity – and I’m 100 percent sure that’s true. Even so, it’s wrong on so many levels, not least because this is the sheik who has been accused of funding Al Qaeda and who admitted that Qatar “maybe” financed a Syrian branch of the terror organisation. What Charles did here shows monumental misjudgement for a man who could soon be king. Or was it arrogance – him believing he can do what the hell he likes? Some of the money allegedly handed to him was in €500 notes which are nicknamed “Bin Ladens” thanks to their popularity with terrorist money launderers and drug barons who often operate in big cash notes in order to launder money. Charles is smart enough to have known all that surely? He must also know accepting bags of cash from sheiks who “maybe” fund terrorism isn’t a good look for a future king. If this sheik was so keen to donate to Prince Charles’s charity why didn’t he do it through the proper channels – directly into the charity’s bank account or even by cheque – not stuffed into holdalls and carrier bags. Because when cash is handed over this way – there’s usually a reason. It’s untraceable and there are no financial links between the donor and the person who accepts it. And when we’re talking these kinds of sums – and there’s a future king involved – everything should be totally transparent. And I don’t care if the money was for a good cause. This isn’t how charity work should be done because it raises embarrassing questions – which is exactly what’s happening now. Charles shouldn’t have needed an advisor to tell him that accepting the money in this way wasn’t smart or transparent? He’s a highly educated man who knows the difference between right and wrong. Or at least what looks wrong. And this looked wrong. It wasn’t illegal but as one supporter of his admitted “the optics are unhelpful”. And just because something is legal, it doesn’t mean it’s right. Charles must also have heard the rumours around this particular sheik that while he was PM of Qatar he sponsored terrorism? The two have been friends for a very long time. What Charles should have done is politely declined the sheik’s offer of cash even though friends say that he might have accepted it so as not to offend him. Well, hang the offence because now he’s involved in a second scandal this year. His closest advisor, Michael Fawcett, stepped down as Chief Executive of the Prince’s Foundation when it was discovered he’d offered to help a Saudi billionaire get a knighthood in exchange for cash donations. Now the charity commission is considering whether or not to investigate Charles. Again not a good look. There’s also more than a bit of hypocrisy here because Sheik Hamad’s $12bn fortune is linked to Qatar’s oil and gas (the country ships huge quantities to the UK) but Charles is a passionate about climate change and is vociferously opposed to fossil fuels. So why take millions from a man whose wealth is very likely founded on them? We’re told that he and the Sheik have a friendship that goes back decades. Well maybe, he shouldn’t be if that friend has been involved in funding terrorism. How good is that for the reputation of the monarchy – a monarchy he is soon to lead? But let’s throttle back a bit here. Can any of us ever in a million years imagine the Queen doing such a thing? Can you in your wildest dreams imagine Her Majesty accepting bags of cash from anyone? She just wouldn’t. I’m not sure there’s a Sheik – or anyone else alive – who would dare try it. After 70 years on the throne this lady has shown she is beyond reproach (exactly what a monarch should be) And let’s face it, when you give people bags of cash the assumption is that there must be strings attached. No one gives two and a half million quid for nothing in return. So did Sheik Hamad want something from Charles? But all this begs the question that even at the grand old age of 73 is Charles actually fit to be king? He’s been castigated in the past for meddling in politics – most recently over Rwanda – which also shows a lack of judgement. Is this why his mother has carried on working for so long – because she doesn’t feel her son is ready or able to take her crown? And we can’t blame all this on Charles being naïve. We’re told these cash gifts took place from 2011 to 2015. Charles was 62 in 2011 and a million miles from being naïve. So what made him do it? Did he imagine that his exalted position allowed him to do things the rest of us would be castigated for? If so, that kind of arrogance doesn’t bode well for a future king.