Viewers of Channel 4’s Undercover Boss USA saw the president of the signs and graphic store reward Gary, a graphic designer, for being such a hard worker and persevering even when things were tough in his life. Undercover Boss USA shows the journey of bosses who go in disguise among their own staff to see where their firm is excelling and where it needs improvement. Ms Monson wanted to give Gary the best opportunity she could for him to grow as she really believed in his journey. Gary explained to the undercover boss that it takes him around 2.5hours to get to work each morning but he does it for his family. Before he even got into graphic designing he was involved with a gang in his neighbourhood. He started making money by selling drugs, and believed that this was normal and how everyone made money as it was all he saw growing up. When he was 19 he got arrested and he already had two strikes to his name. If he was to get another strike, that would mean he would go to prison for 25 years minimum without parole. He said: “As I was going to court, I saw my mother and she was crying, and I look at my daughter and she’s only two months old and I said, ‘I can’t be a parent, I can’t be a son, I’ve ruined my life completely.' “I said to God that if you do a miracle in my life and get me out of this place then I will live my life right. “Then when I got into court, the judge told me it was my lucky day and they dismissed my charges. “My goal is to be in a position where I can help somebody else.” Gary told the undercover boss about his struggles. His family had just lost their home as they did not have the money to pay the bills. After the undercover boss revealed herself, Ms Monson knew she wanted to help Gary and give him a great opportunity. She said: “You have turned your life around in the most amazing way. “I want to give you the best opportunity to just grow in your FASTSIGNS career.” Ms Monson explained that she would pay for Gary’s training so he can advance his graphic design knowledge and gain promotion within the company. She also gave him $15,000 (around £12,500) to donate to his church as she knows his church has been a rock for him since going to court. He said he was so grateful as the church can now pay their bills. Additionally she gave him a new and reliable car so that his trips to work in the morning can be a little easier. In tears, Gary said: “We’ve been trying to save up, we can’t. I love you. Thank you.” Ms Monson continued: “There’s something else I want to do for you. “It breaks my heart to think of you are your family being evicted from your house so I’m going to give you $50,000 (around £40,000).” Gary responded: “Wow, our prayers have been answered just in one day. All of them have been answered all in one day. “This doesn’t happen to people like me. I’m not supposed to be here, it’s supposed to be somebody else. “This doesn’t feel like it’s real. It feels like a dream. I am still in shock.” “You’re going to be an inspiration that brings lots of other people out from the dark and into the light,” Ms Monson concluded.