Prince Andrew has been accused of "pressuring" the Queen in a bid to return to royal duties after he was banned from attending the Order of the Garter ceremony on Monday. Royal expert Angela Levin savaged the disgraced prince when she appeared on GB News and claimed the Duke of York has "almost bullied" the monarch and been "so cruel" to her. It is understood Prince William warned the Queen he would feel "uncomfortable" taking part in the procession from Windsor Castle to St George’s Chapel alongside his uncle Prince Andrew. According to reports, Prince William and his father the Prince of Wales shared their concerns with one another before taking them to the monarch. Prince Charles is believed to have launched an intervention amid concerns of a "public backlash" at the eleventh hour. Following their plea, the Queen told the Duke of York he could not appear in public at the Order of the Garter.   READ MORE: Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser Royal biographer Angela launched a scathing attack on Prince Andrew when she was probed about the ceremony on GB News. Angela exclaimed: "I think it was astonishing to read that actually he had been going to see his mother every day to check how she was. "But while he was there he was trying to pressurise her to get him to get his HRH title back and to give him his patronages back because he was a blood royal. "I have rarely heard anything so cruel because she was not feeling well, she had a lot of pressure for those four days [for the Platinum Jubilee] and it had been building up for a very long time that this was the moment she wanted.   "She's striven to take as much part as she could and couldn't do very much, which is very sad." She continued: "But for him to nag her into what he wanted, which he has done a great deal over the years, is absolutely unspeakable. "It's all the more reason why he shouldn't appear at all and should be going to Scotland where there's no television or radio." Host Colin Brazier was forced to correct Angela's last point on media in Scotland, saying: "Well they do actually Angela." Buckingham Palace has been contacted by Express.co.uk for comment.  DON'T MISS...Honouring Tony Blair - are we sure? Asks PAUL BALDWIN [COMMENT]Him or me! Threat by William over Prince Andrew in Garter service [LATEST]Prince Andrew urged to 'work' for charity instead of royal return [UPDATE] On Monday, the Duke joined the Royal Family for the traditional lunch that takes place in the Waterloo Chamber behind closed doors. He was unable to be pictured alongside his family in the Order's velvet robes and plumed hats. Instead, Prince Andrew was photographed looking downcast in his car wearing a suit. A source told The Telegraph: “Most importantly for him is his status as an HRH and ‘Prince of the Blood' and he feels that should be reinstated and his position recognised and respected.”  Prince Andrew was stripped of his royal titles and official duties over his links to convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein and accusations of sexual assault which have been settled. The Duke denied the allegations against him and later came to a settlement with his accuser out of court - the settlement is not an admission of guilt. The Queen stripped him of his honorary military roles, including Colonel of the Grenadier Guards and his HRH title earlier this year. Prince Andrew missed the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations last weekend after testing positive for COVID-19.  His last public engagement was when he escorted the Queen at the late Prince Philip's thanksgiving service in March. The Duke planned on attending Royal Ascot more than once this week but has reportedly needed to abandon his plans after being warned it may create a backlash. He was due to appear in the Royal Box for the races which conclude on Saturday. GB News is available to watch on Freeview, Sky and Virgin Media. 