The Duchess of Cornwall has been praised for her heartwarming conduct during her royal visit to Rwanda. Camilla is visiting Rwanda as part of official royal duties, accompanied by the Prince of Wales and on behalf of the Queen.  The Duchess was captured smiling and laughing with young students as she greeted the children with high fives.     Camilla met with the children during a visit to a library supported by Book Aid International, a charity of which she is now patron, having succeeded the Duke of Edinburgh in the honourable role. The visit to Rwanda is particularly monumental in that it is a royal first as no member of the Royal Family has visited the country before. Prince Charles and Camilla arrived in Rwanda on Tuesday and are set to undertake numerous official royal duties during their time in Africa. The Duchess has thanked Rwandan officials for their “wonderful welcome” during their royal trip to the country. Prior to meeting the energetic children in the Kigali library, Prince Charles and Camilla notably visited a memorial to honour victims of the Rwandan genocide.    In 1994, hundreds of thousands of the Tutsi community were slaughtered in brutal attacks by Hutu extremists and the tragedy remains a stain on Rwanda’s history. In a speech during her Rwanda visit, the Duchess said: ”In the wake of those appalling, unfathomable events, the people of Rwanda have embraced peace and reconciliation.” She emphasised the “personal responsibility” of all leaders to fight against discrimination and “ideologies that lead to the destruction of others.” Her comments were made on Thursday as the Duchess of Cornwall gave a moving speech at a Violence Against Women and Girls event at the Kigali Convention Centre. Read more: Prince Charles should ‘keep his mouth shut’ on Rwanda asylum plan   In her speech, the Duchess praised the President of Rwanda Paul Kagame for his outspoken support of women's rights. Camilla said: “On International Women’s Day earlier this year, I was profoundly touched by President Kagame’s powerful message on social media, which read, ‘Equality is a right, not a favour’.“ “We know that Rwanda is ranked 7th in the world in terms of women’s rights and opportunities. “So let us bear His Excellency’s words in mind as we focus on violence in the home against women and girls today and remember that we are seeking rights, not favours.” Don't miss: Camilla stuns in all-white outfit and dangling earrings in Rwanda [PICTURES]Secrecy of the Rwanda decision is disturbing [COMMENT]Prince Charles and Boris Johnson set for frosty showdown [REPORT] Prince Charles and Camilla are visiting Rwanda as the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting takes place, which occurs every two years. Prince Charles will stand in for the Queen, as head of the Commonwealth, during the summit as the monarch has significantly reduced royal appearances. The meeting, which had been due to take place in 2020 but had been postponed as a consequence of the Covid-19 pandemic, will also be attended by Prime Minister Boris Johnson. The meeting comes as Prince Charles’ criticised the Tory Government's plan to address migrants arriving across the English Channel by deporting them to Rwanda for the processing of their asylum claims. Prince Charles reportedly described the Rwanda migrant policy as ‘appalling’ although the quotes have not been confirmed by the Royal Family as a spokesperson for Clarence House said the Prince remains “politically neutral.” READ NEXT:Prince Charles and Camilla ‘visibly moved’ Prince Charles speaks out on global genocide Prince Charles squirms in meeting with 'irked' Rwanda PresidentPrince Charles speaks out on global genocide in royal visit to RwandaCamilla shines in black and white dress plus £3,950 bracelet in Rwanda