Hot weather can be very dangerous and in some cases, fatal to dogs, yet heat-related illnesses are almost always preventable according to Vetsnow. Knowing when your pet is at risk is the easiest way to keep them safe from a blast of hot summer weather - but is walking them really considered dangerous? Here’s what you need to know about how safe it is to walk your dog during a heatwave - including when you should, and shouldn’t do it. Heat stroke in dogs is essentially a high temperature not caused by a fever. This can happen when dogs are no longer able to self-regulate and keep their temperature at a comfortable level. While dogs need exercise every day - no matter what the weather - the RSPCA recommended that walking your dog should only be done at certain times of the day during a hot spell. READ MORE: How to cool down a hot room without air conditioning  Pooch & Mutt’s in-house Veterinary surgeon, Dr Linda Simon told Express.co.uk: “The ideal time for a walk is early morning before the ground has had time to warm up and when the air is still cool. “If you’re not an early morning person, the next best time to walk your dog is when the sun starts to set, and the temperature has dropped.” It’s not just walking that can be problematic during a heatwave either. The RSPCA also advised against running and cycling with your furry friend at these times too, as they will find it harder to cool down. It’s a known fact that dogs can die if left in hot environments such as cars, caravans, conservatories or outbuildings during warm weather, but the same goes for pavements too. Dr Simon said: “Walking your dog between these times can be dangerous as it is generally the hottest part of the day, making your dog susceptible to heatstroke and burning the pads of their feet on the hot pavement.” According to Vetsnow, heat stroke in dogs can be fatal in as little as 15 minutes - so it’s never worth taking the risk of your pet overheating in the sun. Shaded woodland areas are a great alternative to parks or road walks if you’re worried about your dog overheating, as they’re generally kept cooler thanks to the tree shelter. DON'T MISS:‘Adding to their distress’ Dog warning over signs pet could attack [REVEAL]Neighbour's dogs drive mum out of her home and onto antidepressants [ANALYSIS]How to keep conservatories cool: 5 best ways from an expert [INSIGHT] While the UK rarely experiences endless heat waves through the summer, temperatures can quickly spike at random points throughout the season. As a general rule, it is considered safe to walk your dog in temperatures of up to 19C - though you should take care when the mercury rises above this. In fact, temperatures as low as 20C can still put dogs at risk of heatstroke in some cases. If you’re unsure whether it is safe to walk your dog, you can refer to this temperature guide by Vetsnow: Heat stroke and burned paws can be uncomfortable as well as very dangerous for your dog, so spotting the signs early could save your pets life. The RSPCA recommended the ‘five-second test’ that will determine if it is too hot for your dog to walk on the pavement. Simply place your palm flat on the ground for five seconds - “if it is too hot for your hands, it’s too hot for paws”, said the RSPCA. Key signs of burned pads include: Heat stroke symptoms include: Vetsnow said: “If you think your dog has heat stroke, contact your vet immediately or, if out-of-hours, find your nearest emergency vet.”