Christian Eriksen has appeared to rule out a move to Manchester United, with reports saying the Denmark international wants to stay in London. And that’s a boost to Tottenham, who are hoping to bring the 30-year-old back to the capital this summer. Eriksen is currently a free agent, having left Brentford following the end of his short-term contract. Manchester United know they need to overhaul their squad, with midfield an area in sore need of addressing. Nemanja Matic has departed, with the Serbia international choosing to reunite with Jose Mourinho at Serie A giants Roma. And Paul Pogba has also left United, with the France international widely expected to seal a Hollywood homecoming to Juventus. With that being the case, the Red Devils have identified Eriksen as a target after he registered four assists for Brentford in the Premier League last term. However, now, The Athletic say Eriksen would prefer to stay in London. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer That’s a blow for United, who now appear primed to move onto other targets instead. It’s claimed that it’s now a fight between Tottenham and Brentford when it comes to securing Eriksen’s signing, with the player himself yet to choose. He enjoyed the best years of his career at Spurs, striking up a strong connection with Harry Kane and shining under Mauricio Pochettino. Eriksen left Tottenham behind back in the January transfer window of 2020, having grown tired at their failure to win silverware. But with Spurs significantly stronger under Antonio Conte, it’s possible he’ll choose to return to north London. Brentford haven’t given up hope of keeping Eriksen, too, especially after they took a punt on him last year. Few expected the Denmark international to play football again after he suffered a cardiac arrest at last year’s European Championships, with Simon Kjaer playing a key role in saving his life. Yet Brentford decided to give him a short-term deal and he enjoyed his brief spell at the Community Stadium under Thomas Frank. What Eriksen ultimately decides to do is something only time will tell. But, with the player leaning towards staying in London, it appears United are set to miss out on yet another transfer target. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz They decided to withdraw from the race to land Darwin Nunez, paving the way for Liverpool to sign the Uruguay international instead. And United are facing a setback with regards to Jurrien Timber, too, with reports claiming he’s now ready to stay at Ajax. Meanwhile, talkSPORT pundit Gabriel Agbonlahor recently had his say on Eriksen’s future. And he insisted the Dane could ‘do better’ than United, while also insisting his positive relationship with Conte could work in Tottenham’s favour. “I think he [Eriksen] has got a relationship with Conte,” Agbonlahor said. “He was his manager at Inter Milan, so that is an option for him. “But maybe he will not want to go back to a club that he has already been at, the way he left as well was not great. “I am sure he has got so many options. “Talk about Manchester United, but, I do not know, maybe he can do better than Manchester United.” As well as United, Spurs and Brentford, Leicester and Everton have also been linked with Eriksen since the beginning of the transfer window.