Liverpool could seal a transfer for Matthijs de Ligt this summer after registering an interest in the Dutchman. Contract talks have not gone well at Juventus as the Italian club look to curb costs. Liverpool could pull off a surprise move for De Ligt over the coming months as they monitor proceedings at Juventus. The Dutchman is locked in contract talks with the Old Lady but it has not gone to plan yet. While there is no need to panic in Turin yet, considering the defender is still tied to the club until 2024, Juve would like to lock him down for an additional two years. However, De Ligt has so far refused to play ball and has laid out his intentions. The 22-year-old would only put pen to paper on a new contract at Juventus if his release clause is lowered. It currently stands at €120million (£103m), which will rise to €140m (£120m) next year. But the Netherlands international's demands could see that drastically lower to as much as half - though Juve are yet to accept to any kind of demands. It has opened up the possibility that he could leave in the summer. According to CalcioMercato, Liverpool are one of the clubs most interested in taking advantage of De Ligt's situation in Italy - but they are not alone. Paris Saint-Germain, Manchester City and Manchester United are also in the race for the centre-back. Chelsea have also been linked from other reports while Real Madrid had been included but their acquisition of Antonio Rudiger has seen their interest quelled. Nevertheless, Liverpool would face a number of hurdles should they look to pursue a deal. At the very least, the Reds would have to offer the same wages he is on at the Allianz Stadium - which stands at just over £10m a year. Only three players at Anfield currently earn so much - Mohamed Salah, Thiago Alcantara and Virgil van Dijk. The latter of those players also presents Liverpool with another challenge considering that the 30-year-old remains a key player at the club - despite his serious injury two seasons ago. Remarkably, that has appeared to have had little effect on his form and he has slotted straight back into the side with no problems. Ibrahima Konate has been tipped as the long-term replacement for the Dutchman, who has had a fine season under Jurgen Klopp this year. However, a world-class partner might need to be sought after soon when Van Dijk does eventually leave.