The former US President today celebrates his 76th birthday. He remains one of the most divisive politicians of our time, the residue of his legacy remaining both in and out of the White House, and is widely seen as epitomising the fracture in US society. A successful businessman, he served only one term in office, having lost to the Democrats' Joe Biden in the November 2020 election. Many knew Trump well before he entered politics as a tycoon businessman who dominated the New York property scene for decades. He also became something of a media personality, fronting The Apprentice US in the early Noughties through to the early Tens. His involvement in real estate means that he is among the wealthiest people in the US, and the richest President ever to have taken the Oval Office. While Trump's exact net worth is not known because his Trump Organisation is privately held, business outlets like Forbes regularly compile his assets and predict what region his net worth might be in. Late in 2021, Forbes said that while he is "nowhere near as rich as he boasts," he is equally not as "poor as his critics claim". The publication suggested that the "definitive" net worth of Trump in 2022 was $3billion (£2.5billion). They broke his wealth down into five sections: Social Media and Brand Business ($480million; £396million); New York City Real Estate ($960million; £793million); Non-NYC Real Estate ($340million; £281million); Golf Clubs and Resorts ($730million; £604million); Cash and Personal Assets ($450million; £372million). In New York City, Trump owns shares and parts of many tall and sleek buildings, including 1290 Avenue of the Americas, Trump Tower, 6 East 56th Street, Trump Park Avenue, 40 Wall Street, Trump Parc/Trump Parc East, Trump World Tower, Trump Plaza and Trump International Hotel & Tower. JUST IN: 'Non to Macron!' British public would prefer Donald Trump as next PM Elsewhere, he owns shares in and parts of Mar-a-Lago, his seaside golf club and resort, he also owns 10 courses in six different states, as well as three European golf properties — one in Scotland —, residential lots in Rancho Palos Verdes, California, Trump National Doral Miami and Two Virginia Homes next to one of his golf clubs. His Trump Media and Technology Group is worth a staggering $430million (£355million), while his licensing and management business which looks after his retail arm of things is valued at $54million (£44million) with zero debt. He is believed to hold around $275million (£227million) in cash/liquid assets according to the analysis, along with his three Florida homes, his Trump Tower penthouse — worth a staggering $50million (£41million), Seven Springs property in Bedford, New York, an aircraft worth $14million (£11million) and his home in St Martin. Along with the vast portfolio of real estate he owns in New York City, the former President has accrued a number of properties across the US, including 555 California Street in San Francisco, Trump Winery in Charlottesville, Trump International Hotel Las Vegas, Trump International Hotel Washington DC, and Trump International Hotel & Tower Chicago. DON'T MISS Joe Biden popularity: President Biden in 2024 danger - polls [REPORT] Newsnight: Ex-staffer says Trump would 'beat Biden' today  [INSIGHT] Capitol riot hearings: Five key takeaways you need to know [ANALYSIS] Since 1982, his net worth has on average grown from around $2million (£1.6million) — he inherited a vast sum of money from his family — to $3billion (£2.4million). In 2015, his net worth experienced a boom after it sky-rocketed to $4.5billion (£3.7billion), but in the years after fell all the way through to 2021 when it was estimated to be around $2.5billion (£2million). If Forbes' analysis is anything to go by, Trump's fortunes are on the up, and the business mogul could soon return to his 2015 levels of wealth if current trends continue. It is unclear what he is be doing for his 76th birthday this year. Last year, the website of Save America — Trump's election campaign — and his political action committee (PAC) encouraged donors to "surprise" him with donations to mark the occasion. The Save America website suggested that donors to his cause opt-in and match any donation to the committee with a contribution for his birthday. A message on the website read: "President Trump's birthday is coming up on June 14th and we want to surprise him with a record breaking fundraising day!" Back then, just like now, Trump was unable to share any thanks to his well-wishers online as he was banned from both Twitter and Facebook. Trump was born on June 14, 1946, to Frederick Christ Trump and Mary Anne MacLeod at Jamaica Hospital in Queens, New York City — the second-youngest of five children. Graduating from the Wharton School of Finance at the University of Pennsylvania with a bachelor's degree in economics in 1968, he began a career at his father's real estate company, Trump Management. Learning the tricks of the trade, he quickly rose through the ranks and became president of the company. Its main goal back then was to buy up working and middle-class housing units in New York City's outer boroughs and rent them back out to people. He continued to hone his business acumen, and the rest is history.