Arnaut Danjuma has clarified comments he made about rumours linking him to Liverpool, insisting quotes he gave to a Dutch publication were misinterpreted. The Villarreal winger, who has also been linked with Manchester United, appeared to suggest that he was aware of interest from the Reds ahead of the summer transfer window. The 25-year-old enjoyed an excellent season with Villarreal, who finished seventh in La Liga and reached the Champions League semi-final - where they lost against Liverpool. Former Bournemouth ace Danjuma scored 16 goals in 34 appearances across all competitions. His form has caught the attention of Europe’s top clubs, and he seemed to suggest that he was aware of interest from Premier League runners-up Liverpool. The Netherlands international told Ziggo Sport: “I have never had contacts with clubs or anything like that during the season. “I always know about the situation after the season. But I was informed that Liverpool were following me closely.” JUST IN: Man City's Guardiola could have influence in Man Utd's De Jong pursuit However, he has now revealed that those quotes were misinterpreted, insisting that he was only aware of interest through media reports. He told Sky Sports: “It’s a funny story, I think we’ve all read what has been said in the press. I’m a quick learner, because I did an interview in Holland and I said I was aware of the interest. “They asked me if I was aware of the interest which I obviously am. I’m aware of the interest, as everyone is - you’re aware of it, I’m aware of it, because it’s been reported in the press. “That’s why I’m aware of the interest, because of the media. I never actually confirmed the interest from Liverpool because the only people who can confirm that is me and my team. But I have not heard anything from my team and, as it stands now, I’m really enjoying my football with Villarreal. DON'T MISS...Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag 'interested' in surprise Brighton transferMan Utd target Nunez 'only wants Liverpool' but must make compromiseLiverpool warned not to pay over £50m for Nunez due to 'big step up “I’m really happy there at the minute and we’ve had a fantastic season. The club has been unbelievable to me so I would never try to downgrade the club.” Danjuma enjoyed a brief spell in England, scoring 17 times in 52 appearances for Bournemouth. But he was limited to just 14 Premier League games after joining in the summer of 2019. The Cherries were relegated the following season and most of his game time with the club came in the Championship. Asked if he has unfinished business in England, Danjuma responded: “I would definitely have to confirm that. There is definitely unfinished business for me in England. If you look back at the reason I initially joined Bournemouth, it was to play Premier League football.” Danjuma joined Villarreal for around £25million last summer. It has been widely reported that he has a release clause in the region of £45m.