Arsenal have an interest in RB Leipzig star Christopher Nkunku, according to reports. Chelsea are also keen on the Frenchman, with Manchester United long-term admirers. Arsenal are in the market for a striker and Manchester City's Gabriel Jesus is their top target. Alexandre Lacazette has rejoined Lyon, six months after the departure of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang at the Emirates. City want around £50m for Jesus, who has just one year remaining on his contract at the Etihad. If a deal cannot be struck, Nkunku could be an alternative target. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, writing in his Caught Offside column, says it would not be an easy deal for the Gunners. Leipzig are desperate to keep hold of Nkunku, who has just enjoyed by far the best season in his career. READ MORE: Arsenal 'close in' on third summer signing ahead of Fabio Vieira transfer  He scored 35 goals in all competitions having previously not scored more than seven in a single campaign. Romano says Nkunku would cost at least £85million but Leipzig will attempt to keep him by offering a new contract this summer. Arsenal were interested in Nkunku during his time at former club Paris Saint-Germain. However, a deal looks much tougher to complete than it did several years ago. Chelsea are also keen on the player. They are set to be in the market for a forward, with Romelu Lukaku in talks over a return to Inter Milan. Lukaku had a hugely disappointing first season back at Chelsea following his £97.5m move from Inter last summer. The Belgian is hopeful of a loan back to the San Siro. DON'T MISSArsenal shirt numbers Fabio Vieira could wear after Gunners 'agree £30m transfer'Arsenal 'agree deal to sign Fabio Vieira' with Porto star 'to fly to London' for medicalErik ten Hag faces third possible Man Utd snub as Chelsea consider hijacking move  United have also been linked with Nkunku. The departure of Edinson Cavani leaves Cristiano Ronaldo as the only recognised centre-forward in Erik ten Hag's squad. However, Leipzig CEO Oliver Mintzlaff is confident Nkunku will stay for next season at least. He recently said: “We are in good talks to even extend the contract. “I not only assume, I know that he will play for us again next season.” Nkunku's current contract expires in two years' time. Meanwhile, Arsenal are closing in on the signing of Porto midfielder Fabio Vieira. The Gunners have agreed an initial fee of around £30m for the 22-year-old. Vieira will fly to London on Thursday evening and undergo a medical on Friday. He is set to put pen to paper on a five-year contract and become the club's second signing of the summer following the arrival of Brazilian youngster Marquinhos.  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here