Motorists across the UK could face fines of up to £130 for parking too far away from the roadside, according to Rule 239 of the Highway Code. And, while the Highway Code is not the law, many of its rules are legal requirements under the Roads Traffic Act. Drivers who choose to break the Roads Traffic Act can be prosecuted and receive hefty fines. The RAC adds that motorists could also be slapped with penalty points, receive a driving disqualification, and even be sent to prison. Rule 239 of the Highway Code states that motorists must “stop as close as possible to the roadside”. If they fail to do so, they may risk being fined. READ MORE: Tourist given three fines for parking in middle of market square The fines vary from place to place across the UK. Unsurprisingly, motorists should be particularly wary in London where they may have to fork out as much as £130 for a parking fine. This is because the Traffic Management Act 2004 allows local authorities to control parking enforcement on yellow lines, resident parking, public car parks, and on-street parking. Outside of the capital, drivers will most likely receive a £70 or a £50 fine depending on the impact of the offence. DON'T MISS Drivers warned of Facebook scam that could cost them thousands [WARNING] ‘Rip-off’ seaside car parks now charge drivers £35 a day [SHOCKING] Drivers could soon be fined for abusing learner drivers [REVEAL] For example, parking on a double yellow line will be at the higher rate of £70, whereas if a pay and display ticket has expired, the lower rate of £50 will apply. With the majority of parking fines issued by local authorities, each council has a different approach to handing out tickets, with some more stringent than others. With that in mind, drivers have been issued with several tips on how to avoid getting an unnecessary fine. Experts at LV said that motorists should: Never stop at a bus stop unless queuing in standing traffic. Always comply with road markings and signs. Never leave the vehicle unattended on double yellow lines. Avoid parking in resident spots. Always park inside the lines of a designated bay or space. Never take up two parking spots. Park with their vehicle wholly on the road, don’t encroach on the pavement. If motorists think that they have been wrongly issued a parking ticket, they can appeal. In order to be successful, drivers will need to provide evidence to prove their claims. Some of the most common reasons for challenging a parking fine include a parking sign being covered, a not working ticket machine, or a broken-down car. Motorists could also be successful in their appeals if they had a medical emergency, or were parked correctly and returned in time. The experts at LV said: “You normally have 28 days to challenge a fine. In some cases, if you challenge the fine within 14 days and your challenge is rejected, you may only need to pay half of the fine. “Explain your reasons in detail. Add photographs, images of poor signage, and any documents which support your claim. “If your claim is unsuccessful you will receive a notice of rejection, which gives you the option to either pay your fine or take your appeal further to an independent tribunal.”