Manchester United may be forced to turn their attentions elsewhere if Christian Eriksen snubs a move to Old Trafford. The attacking midfielder could leave Brentford following his short-term deal with the west Londoners and is being chased by a whole host of clubs while the Bees are keen to keep him on a longer-term deal. New Red Devils boss Erik ten Hag is reportedly keen to land a senior player aged 30 or over to give his side more experience next season. And Express Sport takes a look at four players the 13-time Premier League champions could sign if Eriksen opts against joining United. N’Golo Kante has been one of the best performers in the Premier League since moving to England from French club Caen in 2015. The 31-year-old won the Premier League title with Leicester in 2016, before repeating the feat in 2017 after signing for Chelsea and has gone on to win the Champions League as well as the World Cup with France. Kante was struck by a string of injuries last season, with Blues boss Thomas Tuchel admitting he was concerned not to have the midfielder available for longer periods. The player only has one more year remaining on his current contract - so Tuchel could be willing to sanction a move this summer if United offer the right deal. Ten Hag is in serious need of a new defensive midfielder and, if he can’t persuade Kante to quit Stamford Bridge, the Dutchman could instead attempt to land Casemiro from Real Madrid. United have been linked with the 30-year-old for some time but a move has never materialised. READ MORE: Arsenal's stance on signing Youri Tielemans after agreeing Fabio Vieira transfer That could change this summer, however, if Ten Hag can convince the star that a transfer to England would benefit him. Casemiro has won five Champions League titles at Real Madrid and started last month’s victory over Liverpool in the European showpiece event. So United will need to put forward a bumper offer to sign him. Wolves midfielder Joao Moutinho is out of contract this summer and is yet to pen a new deal in the Black Country. At the age of 35, his best years are behind him - but with 145 appearances for Portugal and the Euro 2016 title under his belt, the ace could still have a role to play at the top end of the Premier League. Moutinho has made 176 appearances for Wolves since joining them from Monaco in 2018. And Ten Hag might think the player is worth having at Old Trafford. DON'T MISSArsenal 'close in' on third summer signing ahead of Fabio Vieira transferArsenal have 'new £85m Gabriel Jesus alternative' also wanted by Chelsea and Man UtdChristian Eriksen turned down Man Utd 'because of Juan Mata' as interest reignited     Another veteran who is out of contract this summer is 39-year-old Ben Foster. The goalkeeper was part of the Watford side that were relegated from the Premier League last season and is set to depart the club this summer. Foster spent five years with the Red Devils under Sir Alex Ferguson during the early stages of his career. And if he did return to Old Trafford, he might be able to give the players some advice on what made the team so good when the legendary Scot was in charge.  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here