When Sir Keir Starmer replaced Jeremy Corbyn the Labour Party was divided as members from the left and centre disagreed over its future. Consecutive election defeats in 2015, 2017 and 2019 ripped the party apart as it limped to give the Tories an 80-seat majority. Since then Labour has re-established itself as a force in British politics and is set to win back key seats it lost in the last election. A crucial by-election in Wakefield in June is a test the Labour Leader is expected to win. But Mr Starmer is not universally popular among the public and many feel Labour has better alternatives to the former director of public prosecutions. Here are the Labour politicians who are more popular than their leader according to YouGov. READ MORE: Putin ‘inching towards’ nuclear showdown with West, warns ex-CIA agent The fiery redhead MP for Ashton-under-Lyne was appointed Deputy Leader of Labour in 2020 and is well known as a sharp speaker. While Mr Starmer is the most popular Labour MP among all adults right now, Ms Rayner ranks higher among millennials. In total, 28 percent of people born between 1981 and 1996 hold a positive opinion of Labour’s Deputy Leader compared to 27 percent for Mr Starmer. While not currently a Labour member after having the whip withdrawn in October 2020, Mr Corbyn started a new chapter in Labour politics which ultimately failed at the ballot box. Scandal over anti-semitism claims badly damaged his party’s reputation while he was leader and he was not able to recover despite his efforts to stamp it out of Labour. Among millennials, the MP for Islington North is the most popular Labour politician with a 32 percent approval rating. DON'T MISS:'Excruciating!' Labour slammed by Remoaner Campbell [REACTION]Ukraine: Blow to Putin as Ukrainian troops DESTROY vital weapons [INSIGHT]Macron fears losing majority [ANALYSIS] Sadiq Khan was MP for Tooting before running for City Hall in 2016 and becoming Mayor of London. He was re-elected for a second term in 2021 after defeating Conservative Party candidate Shaun Bailey. Polls rank the Mayor of London as more popular than Mr Starmer among millennials with 29 percent holding a positive view of him. Former prime minister Gordon Brown is a well known figure in the Labour Party having served as chancellor under Tony Blair before taking over in Number 10 in 2007. Mr Brown struggled while in office as gaffes dented his popularity as well as his less-than-convincing performances in Parliament against then Tory leader David Cameron. However, Mr Brown is more popular than Mr Starmer among baby boomers with 41 percent holding a positive view of him compared to 36 per cent for the current Labour Leader. David Blunkett is a former Labour MP who served in Tony Blair’s cabinet in a number of roles including as home secretary. He now sits in the House of Lords after he was awarded a peerage and made Baron Blunkett in 2015. Mr Blunkett remains popular among Generation X - those born between 1965 and 1980 - and has an approval rating of 34 percent compared to Mr Starmer’s 33 percent.