Snowpiercer airs on TNT in the US, with fans able to catch up via Netflix and STARZPLAY. The post-apocalyptic series first launched in 2020 and in June 2022 it was announced season four would be the last. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about why the series is coming to an end. Snowpiercer has kept fans on the edge of their seats as passengers on board the infamous train have attempted to survive in the frozen wasteland. The TNT series has new episodes in production, but it has been suggested the actors have since taken on other new jobs. A spokesperson for the network said: "We can confirm that Snowpiercer will end after a successful, multi-season run on TNT." “Its talented writers, actors and crew took an extraordinary premise and brought it to life in thrilling ways. "It was critically acclaimed, had a significant impact on the post-apocalyptic genre and now remains in the hearts and minds of fans forever,” they told Deadline. READ MORE: Snowpiercer's Dr Headwood star lands huge new role on rival network The publication said the "cast’s options were coming up and were not picked up, releasing the actors to book other jobs". Snowpiercer was the last original scripted series on the network as the other original drama, Animal Kingdom, has now launched its final season. Season four of Snowpiercer is yet to receive an official release date. Screenrant added: "The news was confirmed as the cast's options came up during production on Snowpiercer season four, which is currently underway in Canada. "But TNT did not pick them up, letting the actors go to pursue other opportunities." Fans took to Twitter to share their thoughts on the cancellation and they expressed their disappointment. Jemma Cowan said: "I'm not happy bout this. Best program I have seen in a long time #snowpiercer" Daily Jennifer Connelly added: "We will have to say goodbye to Melanie Cavill. #Snowpiercer" However, some viewers claimed they were not surprised to see the series come to an end. Manoj Mansha Roopani said: "The series is too slow. Boring." DON'T MISS... NCIS Hawaii's Jason Antoon pens heartfelt farewell as rival show ends [DISCUSSION] Snowpiercer season 3 cast: Who is in the cast? [EXPLAINER] Snowpiercer fans thrilled as TNT drama renewed for season 4 [INSIGHT] The cancellation comes after the merger between Discovery and WarnerMedia, TNT's parent company. Long-standing fans of the story will know it began as a film back in 2013 and is based on the French graphic novel of the same name. Avengers star Chris Evans fronted the critically-acclaimed movie and there were high hopes for the TV adaptation. The reboot of the story received mostly positive reviews from the outset, with critics branding it ambitious. The show was also praised for its critical reflections on society. Besides their statement, TNT is yet to expand on why the series is ending after the upcoming season. Their last social media post was from May 5 and it celebrated Sean Bean's iconic role as Mr Wilford. They said: "You can’t keep a Sean Bean down. #DontKillSeanBean Well, at least not when Wilford is on his side. "That man must be built of ice and steel to survive this long. #Snowpiercer"  Snowpiercer is available to watch on STARZPLAY and Netflix