On The Ramsey Show - Highlight YouTube channel, the money expert spoke to Ann, a widow who was not sure if she could afford to eat in the upcoming weeks. Ann, 76 had recently found out that her husband just died. “I don’t know what to do,” she said. Her mortgage payment increased almost $1,000 (around £800) but she did not know if she could afford this as her husband covered the finances. Mr Ramsey suggested she gets in contact with her daughter for some help. He said: “I need her in your life walking with you as you start making these different decisions. READ MORE: 'Racked in fear' - Man 'cried his eyes out' after hackers stole £18,000 in devious scam He said: “I don’t want something like an escrow account that could just be messed up to throw you into a tizzy. “I don’t want it to cause you to sell the house whilst you’re in the midst of this grief. “It’s hard to think clear right now if I’m you anyway.” When asked about buying groceries for the week ahead, Ann said: “Yeah I guess. I don’t eat a lot since I’m by myself.” She was unsure how much money she had and how long it could last. The most important thing for Ann to do was to make sure that she did not have to worry about her home or get some food. The money expert explained that her daughter and the financial coach will work her through the basics so at least she can try and sleep. As her husband's death was unexpected, Ann did not know if there was life insurance in place or if she had enough to get groceries. Dave said: “Call your daughter and I will make sure a financial coach calls you in 24 hours. “We will make sure you have food and money set up, a good budget and a handle on where you are. “We want someone walking with you, helping you do this stuff.” The money expert urged that husbands and wives should “get on the same page”. Both spouses should have a will and have life insurance in place just in case an unexpected tragedy happens. He suggested that people should know how they will survive if the other person passes away.