Heart arrhythmia is an abnormality in the heart that occurs when the electrical signals are disturbed. This can cause the organ to beat too slowly, too quickly, or irregularly. While the anomaly can be harmless, severe cases can result in death. Four supplements have been implicated in the development of the condition, according to anecdotal reports. Symptoms of arrhythmia include palpitations, feeling dizzy, fainting, and being short of breath, but these signs do not always signal abnormalities in the heart. Those at highest risk of the condition tend to be people aged 60 years or older due to the wear and tea of their heart. Other health issues, including excessive alcohol intake, thyroid disease and high blood pressure can also lead to abnormalities in the heartbeat too. According to Healthline, people should also "avoid the following supplements, which can cause an arrhythmia". READ MORE: Supplement warning: The ‘essential’ vitamin linked to a 63% higher risk of cancer The health body goes on to list cola nut, guarana, ephedra, and creatine as the four culprits. Cola nut is the seed of the Cola plant and contains caffeine. Caffeine works by stimulating the central nervous system, heart and muscles, which is useful to beat fatigue and depression. Common uses for cola nut include the treatment of diarrhoea, weight loss, migraine and headaches. Guarana, which is native to the Amazon, also contains large amounts of caffeine and is sometimes used in energy drinks. According to WebMD, the supplement can be unsafe if consumed in large amounts, as it also stimulates the nervous system and heart. “Guarana also contains theophylline and theobromine, which are chemicals similar to caffeine,” according to WebMD. The supplement is sometimes taken by mouth to try help beat obesity or enhance athletic and mental performance. Creatine is produced naturally by the body, but it can also be sourced from red meat and seafood. The nutrient is usually taken as a supplement to improve exercise performance and muscle mass. This is because it is directly involved in making energy for muscles, and is therefore used in the majority of sports supplements. Ephedra The fourth stimulant listed by Healthline, ephedra, has been banned as a dietary supplement in the US since 2004. According to the website supplemented.co.uk: “It is illegal to sell or supply any product that contains more than 720 mg pseudoephedrine or 180 mg ephedrine without a prescription.” Not only is the supplement associated with an increased risk of heart arrhythmia, but it has also been known to cause seizures, stroke and sudden death. While the benefits of multivitamins remain under debate, everyone is advised to consult a doctor before starting treatment supplements. The majority of health partitioners tend to ask patients concerned about a particular health problem to correct the issue with their diet.