Mohamed Salah's willingness to join another Premier League club if he leaves Liverpool has not been received well by those in power at Anfield, according to reports. The Egyptian maestro has seen his long-term future on Merseyside called into question over the course of this year amid his failure to sign a new and improved contract at Liverpool despite months of negotiations with the club's hierarchy. Salah would reportedly be open to signing for another English club if he is eventually sold by the Reds or if he leaves the club on a free transfer upon the expiry of his current deal at the end of next season. His stance on a move elsewhere has not gone down well at Liverpool, though, with club chiefs desperate to avoid losing him to a direct rival, according to 90min.The report claims that Salah's future appears to lie away from Liverpool at present due to his reluctant approach in talks over a contract extension thus far. The 29-year-old would be prepared to sign a two-year or three-year deal but would require a weekly salary in excess of £400,000 in order to do so and club chiefs are not prepared to rip up their existing wage structure to accommodate his lofty demands.Salah has already confirmed his desire to stay at Liverpool until at least the end of next season, which suggests that he will not be sold by the Reds over the coming weeks and months. Talks over a new deal are still believed to be ongoing behind closed doors at Anfield but it remains to be seen whether he will eventually manage to find a compromise and commit his long-term future to the club he joined from Roma back in 2017. JUST IN: Man Utd target Jurrien Timber ‘worried’ about Red Devils transfer Liverpool are said to be confident that they are well-placed to move on without Salah, though, as long as they have Jurgen Klopp in charge. The German manager recently inked a new contract until the summer of 2026 and has already insisted that he would love for Salah to put pen to paper between now and the end of his current deal, which is set to run out next summer."Nowadays it's dangerous with these interviews when you don't speak to the player himself," Klopp told Sky Sports when quizzed on Salah's contract situation back in January. "I know Mo wants to stay, we want Mo to stay. These things take time, but I think all of it is in a good place, I'm very positive about it. The fans are not as nervous as you [the media] are."They know the club pretty long, they know the people dealing with the different things here pretty long, so I think it is enough reason to be positive. But as long as it is not done, we can't say anything about it."Good conversations, that's what I can say. There are so many things you have to do in these negotiations. There is a third party, the agent in there as well, but there is nothing to worry about, it is a normal process."