Social Security Scotland has confirmed that around 90,000 unpaid carers across the country will receive an extra payment of £245.70 today - Friday, June 10. Carer's Allowance Supplement is an extra payment for people in Scotland who get Carer's Allowance on a particular date. The supplement is paid twice a year to people in Scotland who claim Carer’s Allowance from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). This extra payment is paid automatically and those who are eligible should receive a letter telling them that they are due the boost. People who were getting Carer’s Allowance on the qualifying date - April 11, 2022 - will receive the Carer’s Allowance Supplement. However Social Security Scotland has stated that some payments may be slightly delayed. READ MORE: Santander issues warning after woman, 60, scammed out of £1,000 Can I apply for Carer’s Allowance? The DWP estimates that 400,000 could be eligible for Carer’s Allowance but don’t claim. Carers are some of the worst hit by the ongoing cost of living crisis because they are often unable to work full time. Britons may be eligible for Carer’s Allowance if they, the person they care for and the type of care they provide meets a certain criteria. People also need to spend at least 35 hours a week caring for someone. Qualifying care includes tasks such as helping with washing and cooking, taking the person they care for to a doctor’s appointment and helping with household tasks, like managing bills and shopping. Successful claimants could get £69.70 a week This could mean £278.80 every four weeks which could be a lifeline amid the cost of living crisis. The person someone cares for must already get one of these benefits: If someone else also cares for the same person as someone, only one of them can claim Carer’s Allowance. A claimant's earnings must be £132 or less a week after tax, National Insurance and expenses. People can claim online on the Government website or they can phone the Carer’s Allowance Unit for a claim form on 0800 731 0297. Before people apply they will need: GOV.UK guidance states that people also need details of the person they care for. Britons need their: