Ryan Peniston has opened up on the impact of sharing the All England Club facilities with the likes of his idol Rafael Nadal after earning a straight-set victory in his Wimbledon debut. The 26-year-old only made his ATP Tour debut two weeks ago and has since opened up about his childhood battle with cancer as he revealed it stunted his growth and affected his ability to serve. Peniston has enjoyed a breakout grass court season, receiving a wildcard into Queen’s just over two weeks ago where he made his ATP main draw debut and upset French Open finalist Casper Ruud in his first match. He made back-to-back quarter-finals in his first two tournaments at Queen’s and Eastbourne, and continued his success with a win in his Wimbledon debut on Tuesday. After his 6-4 6-3 6-2 win over Henri Laaksonen, the 26-year-old shared the impact of being around the likes of Nadal at the All England Club this week, having previously admitted the Spaniard was the player who inspired him the most. “I definitely have had more of those moments,” he said, speaking about experience of encountering the top players in the locker room. “Like, yeah, Rafa, all the other top guys, the legends. They're just going around doing their business, doing their thing. It's pretty humbling to be in the same kind of facility, same environment as them.” JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios' explosive press conference in FULL  The British No 6 has also been open on his experience of battling cancer as a one-year-old during his breakthrough season, explaining at Queen’s that he was diagnosed with rhabdomyosarcoma and spent “about 18 months” having chemotherapy and surgery. And he revealed on Tuesday that his growth had been stunted later on in his life as an effect of his cancer battle. “It definitely affected my growth. I was a really late bloomer,” he explained. “I didn't start growing until 14, 15. No, even later, 15, 16. I was always about a foot smaller than all my peers. They all were growing and getting bigger serves and everything. I was struggling just trying to run around and get the balls.” DON'T MISSNick Kyrgios clarifies 'racism' comments after Wimbledon outburstNick Kyrgios points to Nadal backlash after Murray Wimbledon trickNick Kyrgios confirms spitting towards fan at Wimbledon   And Peniston was beaming after a winning debut at Wimbledon,  though admitted he had to stay focused while playing in front of a large, supportive crowd. He said: “I think it's finding the balance is really important 'cause if you get too riled up by it, you can kind of go out, lose your energy, lose steam. “Yeah, you have to use it, as well, the positive sides. You have to look for it. Especially when you're feeling a bit nervous or you're on a little bit of a losing streak, you can bounce off them for sure, and they can give you that energy that you need. But it definitely makes it a lot of fun out there. It's better to play in front of 2,000 people than 10, for sure.” 