Michael Owen fired back as he was introduced by presenter Jules Breach as “the father of Love Island’s Gemma Owen” during Channel 4's coverage of England vs Germany, and had his head in his hands as he admitted: “I flew all the way to Germany to try and avoid all of that back home! You brought it up straight away, I am feeling alright thank you very much. This has taken my mind off it.”    Owen, former Ballon d'Or winner who played for Liverpool, Real Madrid, Manchester United and Newcastle United, will have watched as his daughter Gemma entered the villa on ITV's Love Island. There was no mention of her famous father by Gemma to her fellow islanders during the first episode on Monday, as the 19-year-old coupled up with Liam who studied strength and conditioning and revealed his ambitions to work in football. Joe Cole, on punditry with Michael Owen, added: "Couldn’t pick a better game. It lives in the memory of all England fans. 1996, Michael’s (Owen) hat-trick that he hasn’t mentioned once yet, and all the great England vs Germany games. My first squad and my last squad were against Germany, both defeats but I have some great memories of being on the winning side." When questioning Liam on his career ambitions, he fired back at Gemma and wondered if she had dated a footballer in the past, which is why she was so inquisitive about the level of football he had played. She denied having any interest in football or dating a footballer, and did not reveal to her fellow islanders that her father played for England. She didn't waste time in name-dropping her father during her introduction on the show however, admitting that competitiveness "is in my blood", as the dressage champion joked that she was hoping to score in the villa and winked to the camera. Gemma previously claimed that she wouldn't be "bragging" about her dad's famous career to potential suitors, even if they are die-hard football fans. She said: "I don't think I'm going to go in there and say 'my dad was a footballer' because I am not really that type of person but if they ask me what my parents do then I won't keep it a secret, I'll be honest but I won't go in there bragging about it. I'll only address it if people ask me." In a twist to the usual opening episode of Love Island, the public got to choose who the contestants coupled up with. Gemma was paired with Liam, but may have had her head turned when Davide walked into the villa. She planted a kiss on the Italian during the group's game of dares and admitted that there was "something missing" with Liam. England have made five changes to the side that lost to Hungary, to which Michael Owen said: "The changes will affect it and when you look at the team that played Germany in the Euro’s and there is only one change in that team, that is virtually as good as we are going to get at the moment. It is a very strong England team and they are going to have to strong tonight but I think the biggest change tonight is the personality in the system. He has gone with the four tonight with the two sitting." 