The Prime Minister told G7 leaders concessions now would give the Russian president a “licence to manipulate” sovereign countries and international markets forever. Mr Johnson fears war fatigue setting in as the economic impact from the invasion worsens. He said: “The consequences of what’s happening for the world are tough, but the price of backing down, the price of allowing Putin to succeed, to hack off huge parts of Ukraine, to continue with his programme of conquest, that price will be far, far higher and everybody here understands that.” Ukraine’s president Volodymyr Zelensky will address the summit by video-link today. The Prime Minister believes it is in “everyone's interest” to push back against Russia's invasion because failure to do so “would embolden other authoritarian countries”, his spokesman said. In talks with French president Emmanuel Macron, the Prime Minister “stressed any attempt to settle the conflict now will only cause enduring instability and give Putin licence to manipulate both sovereign countries and international markets in perpetuity”. Mr Macron has previously insisted it would be for Ukraine to decide the terms of any peace negotiation with Putin and warned against humiliating Russia. In talks with Canada’s Justin Trudeau, Mr Johnson said Ukraine is on a “knife-edge” and said action must be taken to “tip the balance of the war in their favour”. An informal air conditioning ban to ensure the summit in the luxury Schloss Elmau hotel is environmentally friendly as possible left the premiers sweltering in 30 degree heat. The Prime Minister and Canadian counterpart Justin Trudeau joked about taking their clothes off in the soaring temperatures as they mocked Putin, who has a history of being photographed without a shirt. Questioning whether they should keep their suit jackets on, Mr Johnson joked “shall we take our clothes off?”, suggesting “we all have to show that we’re tougher than Putin”. Mr Trudeau joined in, referring to a “bare-chested horseback ride” – Mr Putin was pictured shirtless riding a horse in 2009. Mr Johnson then said: “We’ve got to show our pecs.” US President Joe Biden is attending the summit but is not expected to hold one to one talks with Mr Johnson, or any other leader than summit host, German Chancellor Olaf Scholz. Britain will today announce plans to work with allies on ways to bring 20 million tonnes of grain out of Ukraine, including by carrying out vital repairs on the railways, Mr Johnson will call for urgent action to get essential food supplies out of the war-torn country. Russian blockades of major Ukrainian ports such as Odesa as well as attacks on farms have stopped exports. Mr Johnson will tell the summit: “Putin’s actions in Ukraine are creating terrible aftershocks across the world, driving up energy and food prices as millions of people are on the brink of famine. “Only Putin can end this needless and futile war. But global leaders need to come together and apply their combined economic and political heft to help Ukraine and make life easier for households across the world. Nothing should be off the table.” The Prime Minister will also announce £25 million to found a new World Bank fund to make sure the nations are ready to respond to any future pandemic. The UK, US, Canada and Japan also agreed to ban imports of Russian gold to cripple Russia’s economy in response to the war in Ukraine. Gold exports were worth £12.6 billion to Russia in 2021 and its importance has increased since Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine as oligarchs have rushed to buy bullion to avoid the impact of sanctions, Downing Street said. Mr Johnson confirmed the move as he arrived at the G7 summit in Bavaria, Germany. He said: “The measures we have announced today will directly hit Russian oligarchs and strike at the heart of Putin’s war machine. “Putin is squandering his dwindling resources on this pointless and barbaric war. He is bankrolling his ego at the expense of both the Ukrainian and Russian people. “We need to starve the Putin regime of its funding. The UK and our allies are doing just that.”