Since Russian President Vladimir Putin launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine, China has been one of a handful of countries which has refused to condemn its actions. Once bitter enemies during the Cold War, the duo have stepped up economic and political ties in recent years. Links between the two countries have now been further strengthened, after the very first road bridge between them was opened last week. On Friday, officials from China and Russia unveiled the 1km-long Blagoveshchensk-Heihe Bridge. The name was coined as it links the far eastern Russian city of Blagoveshchensk with Heihe in northern China. Construction was completed two years ago, but its inauguration was postponed, due to the Covid pandemic. During the opening ceremony the bridge was unlocked to freight traffic, with the passage of the first trucks greeted by fireworks.  READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Putin warned ill health 'difficult to conceal' The toll bridge will be able to accommodate 630 freight trucks, 164 buses and 68 other vehicles on a daily basis, according to the Moscow Times. Consisting of two traffic lanes, the bridge cost around 19bn rubles ($328m/£270m), according to official figures. The opening was attended virtually by Chinese Vice Premier Hu Chunhua and Russian Deputy Prime Minister Yury Trutnev. Both were already in Singapore for a key security conference that took place last weekend.  Aside from trade, the bridge will carry political and diplomatic significance between the two powers. Mr Hu said China is ready to meet Russia halfway, and the bridge’s opening will help to achieve the goal of mutual connectedness. Shortly after Russia invaded Ukraine, on February 24, Chinese President Xi Jinping and President Putin announced plans to raise their mutual trade from $147bn (£121bn) in 2021 to $250bn (£206bn) in 2024. Since the 1980s, trade between Beijing and Moscow has flourished, after the two normalised relations.  DON'T MISS: Russia on brink of humiliation as Moscow running low on infantry [INSIGHT]Germany sends warning to Putin in 'territorial command' launch [NEWS]MoD unveils plan to bolster Royal Navy defence capabilities [EXPLAINER] However, it has always been frustrated by a lack of transport infrastructure between the two. To help deepen ties, plans are underway to establish a cross-border economic cooperation zone, near the bridgehead “to facilitate comprehensive cooperation”. It will also promote the development of the China-Russia comprehensive strategic partnership, according to CCTV, the official broadcaster in China. But due to some Chinese restrictions remaining in place on transportation, both the road and railway bridges will only be used to a limited extent initially.  Russian Transport Minister, Vitaly Savelyev, said that the opening of the road bridge would increase bilateral trade between Russia and China. Yekaterina Kireeva, the Amur region’s senior economic development official, added that its opening “marks the start of stable daily transport links between our countries”. The road and railway bridges were built as part of China’s ambitious Belt and Road initiative. 