To celebrate Prince William' milestone birthday, the Queen is reportedly planning to host a joint party for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, who turned 40 in January. Earlier this year, Kate's birthday plans were scrapped due to the surge in Covid rates in the UK. Speaking in one of the latest episodes on his YouTube channel, royal expert Neil Sean discussed Kate's wish for Prince Harry to attend the birthday celebrations. Mr Sean said: "According to a very good source, Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge is very keen for Harry to be invited [to her and William's joint birthday party]. "[Although] no mention of Meghan, I noted in the quote I was told." He added: "Apparently she thinks this would be an actual great way of bonding together. "Birthdays are a time, as she's pointed out, of celebration, families, and having loved ones around you". READ MORE: Kate and William stun in first official joint portrait of future King and Queen Consort The royal expert then mentioned Kate's attempt to get the brothers to bond following Prince Philip's funeral. He said: "As we saw, you know, a while back at the Duke of Edinburgh's funeral, she [Kate] tried to her very best get them to rebond, however, adding that, "it didn't work." He added that Kate is "nothing but a trier" and that "she did like Prince Harry". Mr Sean said: "She was very close to him, had a very good close bond and friendship. "For her, she would very much like to see some relationship mounted back together". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: California mums' fury as baby Lilibet's doctor suddenly closes practice Speaking earlier to the Mirror, royal expert Ingrid Seward noted that the Duchess of Cambridge has been trying to act as a peacekeeper. Ms Seward said: "Kate went a long way to encourage their relationship and although William has always looked out for Harry, he feels at the moment there is nothing more he can do. "Instead, he is concentrating on what he knows he can achieve rather than wasting time on things he can’t change. "He knows what’s in store for him and he knows how tough it is but with the help of Kate and support from his father the Prince of Wales, he remains positive and optimistic about his future." DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's titles spark 'removal discussion' amid royals [INSIGHT]Kate and William 'don't want to be seen cosying up to Harry' - claim [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle 'hoped to reconcile with Kate' for children to bond [VIDEO] Earlier this month, the Sussexes, and their children, returned to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Despite "the fab four", as they were previously dubbed, all in attendance at the celebrations, one royal commentator claimed the Cambridges didn't attempt to introduce their children to Harry and Meghan's youngest, Lilibet. The Sussexes reportedly invited the Cambridges, and their three children, to Lilibet's birthday, which was held over the weekend of the Jubilee celebrations. The famiy did not attend due to an appearance in Wales the same day. READ NEXT: