When Diversity soared to victory on Britain's Got Talent back in 2009, the last person Jordan Banjo expected to be laughing and joking with afterwards was Prince Harry. However, the prince got to know the group through their appearance on the Royal Variety Performance, and before long, he was ribbing Jordan's bandmate, Perri Kiely, at the Invictus Games. "He was at a charity event a few years ago [which he was] a patron of and then Perri came in," Jordan recalled, chuckling mischievously. "I'm pretty sure he said something along the lines of 'Ahh, you've grown!' "Then he said 'You must get so annoyed with people saying that to you' - and [Perri] cracked up because that's all people said to him every single day." Perri had first begun his career in the public eye as a small and slight teenager, but shot up dramatically in height on his journey to adulthood. READ NOW: Carol McGiffin on not being intimate for seven years after sex drought Some members of the public - Harry included - haven't let him forget his dramatic transformation. However, despite the teasing joke, Jordan says there's absolutely no hard feelings between himself, or Perri, and the royals. "Harry's always been like the coolest dude to us, positive, telling us how much he loves Diversity," he elaborated. Meanwhile Jordan is yet to meet Meghan Markle, as their encounters with each other took place before he married her. When questioned on Harry's decision to leave the Royal Family and move to the USA, he stated: "I think everyone should just be happy, man." "I know that sounds like such a blasé statement, but....!" As part of Diversity, Jordan has taken part in three Royal Variety Shows and even the Invictus Games. "[Those are] a few things that we've been lucky enough to do and that was quite surreal, whether you're a follower of the royals or not," he exclaimed. DON'T MISS... 'Queen's request' Alicia Keys responds to Platinum Jubilee backlash [DEBATE] James Caroll dead: Coronation Street and Brookside star dies suddenly [OBITUARY] 'With a heavy heart' Monty Don inundated with support over decision [INSIGHT]  "At the end of the day, you've got the Queen of England sat 30ft away from you watching you dance. "It's obviously nerve-wracking but also quite cool." He admits he's "not a huge follower" of the royals in general, but that he is an obsessive binge watcher of TV drama The Crown. "I've learnt more about the royals from The Crown than I have with them!" he laughed. "I'm sure it's not entirely accurate, but yeah, I'm a huge fan of The Crown." Meanwhile, when not avidly watching fictional royal dramas unfold, Jordan has been filming for his new BBC show Eat Well For Less. The dance star has taken over from Gregg Wallace as a presenter on the series and - as someone who went from "morbid obesity" as a teenager to becoming slimmer and fitter as his dancing career progressed - he is looking forward to sharing his tips. Aiming to help viewers make both their waistlines and their bank balances healthier, he exclaimed: "Even when you THINK you're saving or think you're doing this or that, you can always be doing a bit more!" Eat Well For Less is available now on BBC and BBC iPlayer.