Deontay Wilder once slammed Dillian Whyte as “the scum between my toes” in a sign that Eddie Hearn could get a fight he would ‘like’ to see. A bout between the heavyweight duo has long been touted, but Wilder is now being suggested as a possible next opponent for Whyte following the latter’s defeat to Tyson Fury. Wilder hinted that his next opponent could be Whyte after he was knocked out by Fury in last October. The pair have exchanged bitter messages in the media over the last few years, and Whyte was also recently beaten by the Gypsy King. In June 2021, Wilder insisted that Whyte had previously had several opportunities to fight him but always backed down. The 36-year-old said the South Londoner was “like the scum between my toes”. Suggesting Whyte has had opportunities to secure a fight, Wilder - who recently announced his return to boxing - ranted to Sky Sports: “Dillian Whyte could’ve got this work. He ain’t s*** to my toilet paper, that I flushed a year ago. JUST IN: Joshua team member set up Garcia link after secret UK sessions “But let him keep fighting, keep going mate. And soon we shall see each other once more. “See if he grows some type of balls… He’s the bottom of my feet, he’s the scum between my toes. That’s what I look at him [as].” In another interview, Wilder raged: “He does all this talking, but the time you see him – forget ‘see him’, if he sees you, [he’s like] a mouse in the room. “He was doing all that talking, but when he came over here, they knew I was in the room, I did not know [he was there].” A potential bout between the rivals will come as good news to Matchroom Boxing promoter Hearn, who has admitted he ‘likes’ the prospect of the fight. He said on Instagram Live: “What’s next for Wilder? I like Dillian Whyte against Deontay Wilder.” DON'T MISS...Kyrgios keen to fight Tomic in boxing match as war of words continuesFury would come out of 'retirement' for two fights says Top Rank bossJoyce calls out Usyk and backs Ukrainian to win Joshua rematch Both fighters lost their last fights, both against Fury. After Wilder lost the third bout in his trilogy against the Gypsy King last October, Whyte claimed that his potential rival was suffering from a ‘confidence crisis, saying: "It was a good performance from Fury but I knew he was going to beat Wilder anyway. Although Wilder did show some improvement but he was still the same erratic guy moving mad. "To be honest I think he lost all three fights anyway now. He put on about 20 or 40lbs all on his upper body and his legs were even smaller than before so he couldn't even keep his f****** hands up. "He was a bit more explosive but Wilder has confidence issues, he is a bully fighter. When he's on top he is fine but when someone pushes him back he struggles. And now he has been beaten up three times by Fury, what is he gonna do?”