Nick Kyrgios comes into his first Wimbledon match with injury fears after he withdrew from the Mallorca Championships with an abdominal injury. The Australian has looked in promising form, making back-to-back semi-finals in Stuttgart and Halle. He will be hoping to go even further in London in the coming weeks. Kyrgios is known in the tennis world for his outspoken personality, and he acknowledged this in a candid interview. Speaking to ABC in February, he reflected on some of the criticism he has faced in the past. He said: "I feel like I've definitely had a rough, you know, some up and downs with the Australian public. "But to be honest, I look at myself in the mirror every day, and I know that I'm comfortable in my own skin. "I don't really care if I don't win a grand slam one day or I don't want to be like Roger Federer or something like that. "But now, I honestly don't care how I'm perceived because I know deep down, and the people around me know, that I'm a caring person. I'm always myself." Kyrgios' occasional outbursts have resulted in a lot of media scrutiny, but he said that "frustration" can be positive for him. He added: "The media is always going to really nitpick. "I think my behaviour in this Australian Open, I thought [it] was fine. I didn't think I went overboard with swearing or being angry. "I broke a racket in singles playing the number two player in the world. "I think that frustration's good in a way — it shows that I care. It shows I'm frustrated [with] the way I'm playing." His friend Thanasi Kokkinakis added: "I think the most frustrating aspect for me was when people … just read the headline, they don't actually click on the article and make an actual observation for themselves," he said. "[They are] quick to comment without really knowing exactly what's going on. "But there's always going to be people like that, so you just sort of brush it off." Kyrgios was referring to his tirade at the Australian Open in January, where he ranted at an umpire about towels. The crowd also appeared to boo every time he won a point in one of his matches, but it later became apparent they were shouting "siu" – a phrase synonymous with Cristiano Ronaldo. READ MORE: Serena Williams tipped to be ‘very dangerous’ in Wimbledon comeback During the game, he yelled out about the incessant chants, telling the crowd he didn't mind them interrupting his serves – but asked they show respect to his opponent. He said: "I don’t know what I’ve done to this crowd, because you guys are a zoo now. You guys are out of control. "But I’m just super happy to be here again … it’s so much fun. "This is my favourite court in the entire world." After the game, he added: "Yeah, it’s just a stupid, f***, I can’t believe they did it so much. DON'T MISSSerena Williams rolls back the years in dramatic comeback victory [INSIGHT]Djokovic and Nadal sent Kyrgios Wimbledon warning by Henman [ANALYSIS]Emma Raducanu, Nadal and Djokovic discover Wimbledon seedings [INSIGHT] "They were doing some Ronaldo thing. Ronaldo does it every time he scores. It’s like -- I thought they were going to do it for like 10 minutes. They did it for two-and-a-half hours, like every point." Kyrgios concluded his ABC interview earlier this year by saying he wants to be remembered as someone who played in their own way. He continued: "I want to be remembered as more than just someone who played [tennis]. "I want to be remembered as an icon — someone who just went out there and did it their own way."