The Duchess of Cornwall was in the procession for the first time having been appointed a Royal Lady of the Order of the Garter. Meanwhile, the Duke of York was forced to remain out of sight following a "family decision" to limit his involvement to the behind-the-scenes elements of Garter Day on Monday. Vanity Fair's royal editor Katie Nicholl said the Prince of Wales was "keen that his wife's big moment should not be upstaged by his brother" as she was awarded the highest honour the Queen can bestow. Ms Nicholl added: "It is, according to friends of Camilla, the one title that the Duchess has secretly wanted and was thrilled to receive." Charles and Prince William reportedly lobbied the Queen about Andrew's participation in Garter Day, which features a procession of Garter Knight and Ladies and a church service at St George's Chapel in Windsor. There is also an investiture ceremony for new Order of the Garter recipients and a lunch, both held behind closed doors. Ms Nicholl cited a source as saying heirs Charles and William do not want disgraced Andrew at public engagements amid reports he is eyeing up a royal comeback. The source said: "There are tensions because the Prince of Wales and the Duke of Cambridge want Andrew to be kept away from any public engagements. "They do not want him to return to public life, full stop. "The Jubilee was such a success and they were all overwhelmed by how well everything went. READ MORE: Prince William aware future of Firm rests on his shoulders  "They want to ride this wave of goodwill, not have Andrew and his scandals overshadowing the good work the rest of the family is doing." The Duke of Cambridge reportedly issued an ultimatum that he would not take part in Garter Day if Andrew stepped out in public for the event. A source told the Evening Standard: “The Duke of Cambridge was adamant. "If York insisted on taking part publicly, he would withdraw." DON'T MISSBritain should NOT move on from Prince Andrew scandal [POLL]Princess Anne praised as Royal Family's 'continuity' at Ascot [ANALYSIS]Sidelined Prince Andrew has 'no chance of redemption' [INSIGHT] As Charles, William and other senior royals processed through the grounds of Windsor Castle for a church service commemorating the Order of the Garter, Andrew stayed hidden as he only attended the investiture ceremony and lunch. The occasion exposed the internal struggle between members of the Royal Family and the Duke of York's reported desire to be reinstated as a working royal. Andrew's reputation was severely tarnished by his involvement in a civil sexual assault case. He always denied the allegations and the settlement of the civil lawsuit brought against him by Virginia Giuffre in the US was not an admission of guilt on his part. Andrew, who is rumoured to be the Queen's favourite child, sparked controversy by taking a front and centre role escorting the monarch to Prince Philip's memorial service in March. He was absent from recent Platinum Jubilee celebrations after testing positive for Covid. Clarence House has been contacted for comment. 