Conservatives have teased that they would like to see Scotland "do a Catalonia" and unilaterally declare independence. They claimed such actions would allow SNP politicians to be rounded up for breaking the law. Earlier this week, the SNP leader announced her intentions to hold a new vote on Scotland's place in the UK on October 19 next year. The Scottish Government does not have the power to hold referendums without the permission of the Westminster Parliament, but Ms Sturgeon has vowed to press ahead anyway. She hopes that by presenting the ballot as a consultative vote rather than binding, the Supreme Court will agree it can be held without support from London. Ms Sturgeon argues if she won the referendum the UK Government would have no choice but to grant Scotland independence. READ MORE: Sturgeon's independence dream skewered over EU bid The vote risks mirroring an independence vote held in the Catalonian region of Spain. One Tory MP told Express.co.uk: "If she did a Catalonia, that would be the end of the SNP." Another jokingly added: "At least if she copied them we could throw her in prison." In 2017, Catalonia held an independence referendum despite the opposition from the Spanish government. The vote was declared illegal by the Constitutional Court of Spain and was boycotted by those who did not support independence. In the aftermath, Catalan president Carles Puigdemont announced he would enact the result and declare independence from Spain. DON'T MISS:'Pit Scot against Scot' Starmer slams 'divisive' Sturgeon's Indyref2 [REACTION]Have Your Say: Should Boris let Sturgeon have IndyRef2? [GET INVOLVED]Nicola Sturgeon leaves Brits feeling 'fed up' with indyref2 demands [WATCH] Arrest warrants were issued for him and other members of his party for breaching the constitution and the referendum was declared void. Mr Puigdemont fled the country to avoid being imprisoned. Similar to in Catalonia, pro-UK parties in Scotland have pledged to boycott any referendum held by Ms Sturgeon without permission from London. Scottish Conservative leader Douglas Ross said Ms Sturgeon's "selfish obsession" with another "divisive" referendum has taken precedence over issues such as the cost-of-living crisis and NHS waiting times. "A potentially illegal referendum next year is the wrong priority for Scotland," he said. He added: "We won't play Nicola Sturgeon's games. We won't take part in a pretend poll when there is real work to be done. "Real work on the global cost-of-living crisis, real work to invest in public services, real work to rebuild our economy. "Those are our priorities and they're the priorities of people across Scotland as well. "But instead of focusing on the right priorities, Nicola Sturgeon is rail-roading this parliament into talking about the SNP's obsession. "On the First Minister's watch, this is becoming a do-nothing Parliament."