The Countess of Wessex smiled as she arrived for the Service at St Paul's Cathedral with husband Prince Edward, 58, and their children Lady Louise Windsor, 18, and James, Viscount Severn, 14. Sophie sported a sparkly dress by brand Suzannah for the event celebrating her mother-in-law the Queen's 70 years on the throne, teaming the dress with a bespoke dyed cocktail hat from Jane Taylor millinery. The royal sweetly co-ordinated with her daughter Lady Louise, 18, who was wearing a pale pink silk dress and a sequined band from the same milliner. Sophie complemented her look with a pale pink hat and Chenille Clutch from Sophie Hansburg, keeping her makeup minimal. She wore her blonde locks slicked back in a chic bun with elegant dangling earrings framing her face. The countess paired the outfit with a diamond set infinity pendant from G. Collins & Sons. Her sand leather heels were from LK Bennett. Sophie was all smiles in the carriage with her husband and children while waving at the crowds. Royal fans took to social media to share their love of the countess’ look. @KarenTrout said: “Sophie Wessex looked stunning today, think the Wessex fam do an amazing job of supporting the Queen. READ MORE: Sophie Wessex arrives at service of thanksgiving for Platinum Jubilee @anetevt wrote: “Sophie Wessex is very beautiful.” @TildaAng commented: “Sophie Wessex looks glamorous at the Service of Thanksgiving.” The Queen will not attend today, with Prince Charles officially representing her after she was forced to pull out. She is understood to have suffered episodic mobility issues yesterday - and, in a statement, the Palace revealed the Queen “greatly enjoyed” her birthday parade and flypast but “did experience some discomfort”. It said: “Taking into account the journey and activity required to participate in tomorrow's National Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral, Her Majesty, with great reluctance, has concluded that she will not attend.” The decision ahead of the service was considered regrettable but sensible due to the length of the journey and time involved and the physical demands the service would require. DON'T MISS: Zara Tindall clashes with Priti Patel in hot pink dress at St Paul's [ROYAL]Zara Tindall stays fit with 'extensive gym' installed at home - diet [EXERCISE]Femi savages 'rabid royalists' defending Queen celebrations [INSIGHT] Both Prince Andrew and The Archbishop of Canterbury have tested positive for coronavirus and are also not attending, with The Archbishop of York giving a sermon instead. Senior royals including the Duchess of Cornwall and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will join the Wessex's at the service, with Harry and Meghan making their first appearance with the family since the Westminster Abbey Commonwealth Service in March 2020. Members of the Cabinet are also attending today's proceedings, including Home Secretary Priti Patel. Additionally, Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer will be at the Service, alongside first ministers of the devolved administrations and former prime ministers. Meanwhile key workers, charity volunteers and members of the armed forces have been invited to the Service of Thanksgiving in recognition of their contribution to public life. More than 400 people, who have been making a difference either nationally or locally, are among the guests and many have been working tirelessly during the pandemic. Before the service began, the Band of Her Majesty's Royal Marines Portsmouth (Royal Band), played as the congregation arrived and the State Trumpeters of the Household Cavalry performed to mark royal arrivals, while the Fanfare Trumpeters of the Central Band of the Royal Air Force will accompany later in the service. The choirs of St Paul's Cathedral and Her Majesty's Chapel Royal will join together to sing the Vivats, I Was Glad by Sir Hubert Parry, performed at every coronation and now for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Before the Service of Thanksgiving, the Great Paul, the largest church bell in the country, was rung between 10.50 and 10.55. The historic bell was made in 1882, but fell silent in the 1970s due to a broken mechanism and was then restored in 2021. Since, the bell has rang out eight times but today's event was the first royal occasion where it was rung before the Service began at 11.30am. Royal family members are to arrive at the foot of the West Steps at 10.55am and then at 11.25, just before the service begins, there will be a procession. This procession will feature the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Duchess of Cornwall and Prince of Wales and the royals in attendance will take their seats under the Dome before the ceremony gets underway. Today's Service of Thanksgiving comes after Sophie Wessex yesterday joined other members of the Royal Family at Trooping the Colour, for the first day of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Donning a custom made gingham coat dress by Suzannah in certified sustainable cloth, and a matching hat, the Countess looked delighted to be marking the monarch's milestone 70 years on the throne, riding in a carriage alongside her husband and their two children as they waved at cheering crowds. The Wessex carriage was the second of three that left the forecourt of Buckingham Palace carrying members of the Royal Family down The Mall yesterday morning, with the Duchess of Cornwall, 74, riding alongside Kate Middleton, 40, and her children in the first carriage.