Homeowners are always looking for ways to save money, especially as energy bills are set to rise again in October. Whether you are turning down your thermostat a notch or putting on an extra sweater there are plenty of tricks to help save a little extra here and there. One TikTok user says they have spotted a way to save that may appeal to anyone who loves a hot drink. This April saw energy bills rise by £693, however, this figure is set to increase by £800 in October, according to Ofgem. The money-saving enthusiast, known as scott8bits, shared a tip and tagged the hack as "How to get cheaper energy bill. How to save money". He explained how it costs as much as £356 when you frequently boil your kettle. Instead of boiling the kettle each time you want to make a hot drink, he suggests filling the kettle up to the max before turning it on. READ MORE: How much does it cost to boil a kettle - the 3 ways to cut costs Then after you've poured out enough for a drink, the rest - roughly five or six cups - should be poured into a thermos and saved for later. The thermos will keep the extra water heated ready for the next time, meaning homeowners don't need to use the kettle again that day. This means, if it costs 18p each time to boil the kettle, then homeowners would be spending at least £65 a year on their daily tea intake. However, you'd need to actually drink the tea in the thermos to make it worthwhile and of course, if you are not a family or a big tea or coffee drinker it might not be as useful for you. DON'T MISS: ‘Most underrated’ features that you ‘need’ in your kitchen [EXPERT]Houseplant pests: ‘Effective’ spice trick to deter pests from plants [TIPS]‘Best time of year’ to fertilise your lawn - ‘boosts the condition’ [INSIGHT] The TikTok user said: "The trick means you always have instant hot water - and it even means there's less limescale in your kettle. "As an extra bonus, it saves the planet too - win, win!" You should keep in mind that not everyone will use as much as £356 each year on boiling their kettle. It also depends on the power rating on your appliance and how many hot drinks you have a day. A standard 3kW kettle costs around 9p if in use for 10 minutes, according to figures from Uswitch. READ MORE: How to remove weeds from patios and pavers - ‘quick and easy’ methods This means if you filled up your kettle for just one cup of tea, you'd use around 1p worth of energy. However, energy experts actually think the best way to save money when using your kettle is to do the opposite of what scott8bits says. They suggest filling the kettle up with only what you need is actually the most economical way to keep costs down. Experts at Uswitch advise: "Don't overfill the kettle - only use as much water as you need when you're making tea or coffee. “Even if you drink a lot of hot drinks during the day, it’s still more energy efficient to boil what you need each time you make a drink rather than fill the kettle at the start of the day and boil too much water.” This is particularly relevant if you find yourself wasting kettle water. Another way to save money when using a kettle is to switch it off at the wall. Cleaning the kettle to ensure there is no limescale is also a great way to save energy when making a hot drink. The more limescale the appliance has accumulated, more energy is required to heat the water.