Amber Heard, 36, very publicly lost the Virginia court case against her ex-husband Johnny Depp, 59, and was ordered to pay the latter $8.3 million in damages. The former Aquaman actress has admitted she cannot afford to pay and has now been pictured bargain hunting in the chain store TJ Maxx. Amber was spotted in TJ Maxx in New York along with her sister Whitney Henriquez as they enjoyed some shopping in the Bridgehampton branch. According to a US outlet, the sisters were perusing racks for clothes and discussing white linen pants. Amber was dressed very casually with her hair in a bun, paired with a white shirt and baggy jeans. Her sister, Whitney, testified in the court proceedings and made sure to stand by her sister's side throughout, even reiterating her support in a heartfelt message after the verdict. READ MORE: Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux Amber's bargain shopping trip comes after she was ordered to pay her ex-husband millions in damages in June. The former Aquaman actress has publicly admitted she cannot afford to pay her ex-husband. However, it is unknown whether the Pirates of the Caribbean star will ask Amber to pay the whole sum of money. His lawyers have hinted the money is not an issue for Depp, instead, his motivation behind the lawsuit was to clear his name and restore his Hollywood reputation. Since losing the trial, Amber has spoken out about the "wrongdoing" she claims to have been put through. Amber spoke to Savannah Guthrie on the Today show, to further tell her side of the story to the world. The TV presenter questioned the Aquaman star over her ex-husband's insistence that he was never physically abusive. In the interview, Heard claimed there was domestic abuse during the couple's relationship. DON'T MISS... Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [INSIGHT] Alice Evans sets up fundraiser to pay for divorce from Ioan Gruffudd [COMMENT] Elton John ‘booed by crowd’ at farewell tour after Newcastle quip [LATEST] Depp has vehemently denied the allegations of domestic abuse against his ex-wife. Heard also addressed the jury's verdict and felt like support for the Pirates of the Caribbean actor far outweighed that for her on social media during the trial. She continued: "I'll put it this way, how could they make a judgment, how could they not come to that conclusion [that I couldn't be believed]?" "They had said in those seats and heard over three weeks of nonstop, relentless testimony from paid employees and towards the end of the trial, randos, as I say. "I don't blame them, I don't blame them, I actually understand, he's a beloved character and people feel that they know him," she added. Johnny and Amber began a relationship after meeting on the Rum Diaries, with the pair getting married in 2015. The marriage was short-lived, ending in 2017.