The woman claims her daughter returned from Sale High School in Trafford, Greater Manchester "dripping in sweat" and feeling ill as she'd "not been allowed to take her blazer off all day". This was despite temperatures rocketing this week to highs of 28.2C across the UK. The schoolgirl told her mum that only a few teachers allow children to remove them in class, with others stating it's school policy to wear them at all times. Speaking today to Manchester Evening News, the mother said: "As a health worker myself I think it's disappointing that schools aren't taking the children's health seriously. "I think it's outrageous that children across the UK are having to wear blazers in schools with temperatures still expected to reach highs of 27 degrees. "My daughter came home dripping in sweat, dizzy and feeling sick, only for me to learn she's not allowed to take a blazer off in and around school grounds, and to add to this only a selection of teachers allow it in the classroom." The parent wants schools across the UK to revise their uniform rules. "I understand the school policy and I agree uniform is uniform, but for the children's safety there are ways of going around this," the woman continued. "I feel if UK weather reaches higher than 25 degrees and no aircon is provided, I think blazers should be optional. I also feel small changes like PE kit would be a lot better and cooler. "To learn even the teachers are wearing summer clothes while children are sat in blazers and some in trousers as well for six hours plus is beyond outrageous."  With temperatures expected to remain in their 20Cs for at least the rest of the month, the mum aired her concerns with the school, which had allowed yesterday for pupils to take blazers off reportedly as "a one-off". "Children are in school risking their health and education for a dress code," the mum said. "Yet if you pulled your child out you would be fined. I strongly believe that health education should put this into consideration, not just for high schools, but for primaries and nurseries as well. "They have finally agreed that blazers can be taken off, however, I feel this shouldn't just be a one-off, it should be a set policy across all school settings. "If temperatures get above 25 degrees, students shouldn't have to ask to take a blazer off if they're too hot, this should be a child's personal opinion and own judgement - a child shouldn't be forced to wear a blazer or risk detention or being told off. "I agree in the UK we don't have heat like this regularly, but when we do it can hit high heats. This is something that needs addressing and brought to attention in all education sectors." The school, rated as Good by OFSTED, says the uniform "creates a sense of community and equality" for its students. Sale High's uniform policy states: "We believe the wearing of uniform helps to create a sense of community and equality amongst students, whilst establishing the school as a working environment. "In a large school, it is also of considerable benefit for security reasons that students should wear uniform. A uniform removes the distraction which may be caused by an individual’s style of dress and allow students to concentrate on learning."  In its list of uniform items parents are expected to buy, it states: "Navy school blazer with Sale High School badge (compulsory item to be worn at all time)." Since the media attention, the school said in a statement: "Students at Sale High are always well looked after and there are no restrictions on removing blazers in hot weather. Students all have the option of wearing shorts and short sleeved shirts." 