The UK Government has announced plans to introduce a law which will override the Brexit deal it signed on Northern Ireland. The Northern Ireland Protocol - agreed with the European Union in 2019 - has been a source of tension since it came into force at the start of 2021.  The Northern Ireland Protocol - agreed with the European Union in 2019 - has been a source of tension since it came into force at the start of 2021. The UK plans to scrap parts of the NI Protocol, published on Monday, would lead to a “mountain of paperwork” for firms, the European Commission claimed. Mr Grimes tweeted: “Next week marks 6 years since Brexit. It's been one hell of a ride. “That promise of Brexit, of taking back control, won't be complete until Northern Ireland is out of the EU single market and the whole of the UK is free of Euro courts.”   The protocol is the part of the Brexit deal which keeps Northern Ireland in the EU's single market for goods. It prevents a hard border with the Republic of Ireland, but it means checks on some goods arriving into Northern Ireland from other parts of the UK - a situation opposed by unionists in Northern Ireland who argue it creates a trade border in the Irish Sea and extra bureaucracy and costs for firms. Draft legislation from the UK Government this week to overturn parts of the protocol includes the use of a green lane for goods arriving into Northern Ireland from GB, with minimal paperwork and no checks, and a red lane for GB goods moving through NI into the Republic of Ireland and the wider European Union. Another part of its proposal was a dual regulatory regime meaning goods produced to both UK and EU standards could circulate in Northern Ireland. READ MORE: Red Arrows route map: Key times and places to catch glimpse of flyover  Businesses in Northern Ireland would be able to produce goods that met UK standard, EU standards or both. Special trading arrangements were needed for Northern Ireland after the UK voted for Brexit in 2016. This is because it's the only part of the UK with a land border with an EU country - the Republic of Ireland. Before Brexit, it was easy to transport goods across this border because both sides had the same EU trade rules. DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry leave William's plans in tattersBoris Johnson ‘snubs’ Red Wall event for surprise Kyiv visitMariupol faces another crisis as several residents describe cholera No checks or paperwork were necessary. After Brexit, a new system was needed because the EU has strict food rules and requires border checks when certain goods - such as milk and eggs - arrive from non-EU countries. 