Secretary of State for Health and Social Care Sajid Javid was put in the BBC Breakfast hot seat by Jon Kay as the host probed the guest on the issues with hospital and NHS "waiting times" and the increasing number of votes of no confidence from Javid's colleagues. During the interview, of which Javid was in a hospital room in Kingston to showcase new machines the NHS had received, the MP seemed to stumble at times as he defended the Conservative Party Leader and slipped up when he said that he expects there to be a "confidence vote".   Cutting straight to the point of the long waits patients face, Kay wanted answers on when the waiting times will decrease. Being "frank" with the broadcaster and BBC viewers, Javid replied: "This is a really important point. "I have been open and frank about this, and waiting times will go up before they come down." The guest blamed this on patients staying away from hospitals during the many lockdowns so medical professionals could deal with COVID-19 related cases who are now returning for treatment. Read More: Rod Stewart defends Sweet Caroline Jubilee performance after being blasted by fans  The conversation swiftly moved onto the Prime Minister as more votes of no confidence had been received from members of the Conservative party. With 54 votes needed during the interview, a live update came in the form of MP Jesse Norman releasing a statement which said after "15 years" of supporting the PM, he could "no longer do so". Kay asked Javid for his thoughts on the matter while airing a clip from the Queen's Platinum Jubilee which showed Johnson and his wife Carrie booed upon their arrival at St Paul's for Queen's thanksgiving service. He said: "I am just going to play a clip now of the Prime Minister and his wife as they headed into the cathedral for the Queen's Jubilee service.   "I just wonder, is this what has changed the minds of conservative MPs?" As the short clip finished, the broadcaster described what he could see, adding: "A few cheers, but an awful lot of boos. "People couldn't remember ever seeing anything like that, at a moment like that. "Boris Johnson was the politician who would reach parts of the electorate that the Conservative party couldn't reach any other way. I just wonder if he still has that quality when you see that?" DON’T MISS…Len Goodman blunder: Strictly star sparks uproar with curry powder comment- 'foreign muck' [LATEST]Top Gear's Chris Harris details painful injury sustained during filming 'Really dangerous' [LATEST]Virgin River season 4 theory: Jack's shooter to be exposed as Mel's ex's sister Stacie [LATEST]  Pausing for a moment, Javid answered: "Look, I am not aware of any politician that has received universal love." Stumbling at times over his words, he continued: "Politicians are booed or cheered at different times, what matters is delivery, and Boris Johnson is a Prime Minister that is delivering." When asked about his understanding of how the Prime Minister is coming across to the public and his fellow Conservative members, Javid described: "My understanding probably isn't much more than yours. "You will probably know, and many of your viewers will know, that to have a vote of confidence, it requires at least 54 of my colleagues to write into Sir Graham Brady to ask for one. Now, will that happen or not happen? I don't know.    "That's a decision for my colleagues, I think that it's likely that something like that will happen, but it's not something that I can tell you definitively but it's not what I think the country needs." Shortly after the interview took place, it was announced that a vote of confidence was to happen later on Monday evening. Sir Graham Brady, who chairs the 1922 committee of backbench Conservative MPs, this morning confirmed a vote would take place at 8 pm tonight, June 6. BBC Breakfast airs daily at 6am on BBC One. 