The SNP has announced the proposed date of a second Scottish independence referendum. Nicola Sturgeon set out her plan for independence today (June 28) in the Scottish parliament. She said: "Independence will give us the opportunity to chart our own course, to build a wealthier, greener, fairer nation, to be outward-looking and be internationalist, to lift our eyes and learn from the best." Nicola Sturgeon has put forward Thursday, October 19, 2023, as the date for the next referendum. The Scottish leader said she would be writing to Prime Minister Boris Johnson to inform him of her plans. But the matter will need to be referred to the Supreme Court to establish its legality, and Ms Sturgeon said she would be referring the provisions of the Scottish Government's referendum Bill to the UK's highest court on Tuesday afternoon. The First Minister stated: "My determination is to secure a process that allows the people of Scotland, whether yes, no or yet to be decided, to express their views in a legal, constitutional referendum so the majority view can be established fairly and democratically. The steps I am setting out today seek to achieve that."  Under the proposed plans, the question posed in the second referendum will remain the same as the one posed in the last independence vote in 2014. The question is: "Should Scotland be an independent country?" Voters will be able to answer "Yes" or "No" to the question if the vote takes place.  When Scotland had the first referendum in 2014 it was made possible because the UK Government granted the necessary power, called a Section 30 order. But Ms Sturgeon is seeking a referendum without the Section 30 order, because Boris Johnson has repeatedly refused to grant it. Instead, the SNP leader will refer the matter to the UK Supreme Court. DON'T MISSNicola Sturgeon announces 'route map' to Indyref2 [REPORT]Sturgeon's marriage to SNP chief Peter Murrell: 'Nicola is in charge!' [INSIGHT]'How can it be lawful?' Kay Burley skewers Sturgeon 'breaking the law' [VIDEO] The First Minister stated: "The Lord Advocate has agreed to make a reference of the provisions in the Bill to the Supreme Court." Ms Sturgeon said this process was under way "as I speak" saying that this "will be filed with the Supreme Court this afternoon". This is not necessarily foolproof - if the Supreme Court denies this and Mr Johnson still refuses to grant a Section 30, there will be no legal referendum. Ms Sturgeon told Holyrood: "If it does transpire that there is no lawful way for this parliament to give the people of Scotland the choice of independence in a referendum, and if the UK Government continues to deny a Section 30 order, my party will fight the UK general election on this single question, should Scotland being an independent country?" Ms Sturgeon told MSPs the Scottish Parliament has a clear democratic mandate to offer Scotland the choice of independence. She says the UK Government is "regrettably" refusing to respect Scottish democracy. She claimed the UK Government and Scottish Government "should be sitting down together" to agree a process including a Section 30 order, to put the legal basis of a referendum "beyond any doubt", she added. The First Minister said she will not allow Scottish democracy to be a "prisoner" of Boris Johnson.