Sharing her experience on the parents' blog Mumsnet, the woman, who wished to remain anonymous, explained: "Live in terraced housing. Next door is a two-bedroom home with about four adults, recently a mum dad and three kids have moved in (five, seven and nine). As the weather is warmer understandably everyone is in their gardens. Next doors kids just don’t understand privacy." She continued: "Every single time we go in our garden - whether I am popping out to hang laundry or if my own children (aged three and one) are playing in our paddling pool - next door kids' heads pop over the fence and they just stand there the whole time staring and answering to everything I say to my own kids. "For example, me to my daughter: 'Do you want an ice lolly?' "And before my daughter can answer next door kids say: 'Can I have one?' "Or if I am smoking (no judgment please I am trying to stop!) next doors kids will say: 'Ew are you smoking?' READ MORE: Horoscopes today - Russell Grant's star sign forecast for June 5 "And everything I do they ask me if I’m doing that. "It is getting so annoying and I feel that I don’t even want to be in the garden anymore because these kids are just watching and butting into everything I say/do. "Their parents are sitting in the garden the whole time and don’t say anything! But I feel it’s not my place to tell someone else’s kids off really and they aren’t being naughty. "The fences aren’t shorter than average, they have dragged something over to stand on just so they can look over my fence.  "I will be on the phone (I go in my garden to take calls sometimes as my TV is on/kids are chatting away) and next doors kids will be calling me over the fence to ask me questions or ask where my children are. "Right now I’m sat in my garden after a long day of paddling pool fun, my children are inside having a drink and cool down and the kids are telling me to bring my kids outside," she explained. "Please tell me if I’m being out of order!! Of course, kids are kids and they are being friendly, but privacy please?!" the mum asked. Other forum users shared their thoughts with one saying: "Either ignore everything they say/ask or tell them to ask their mum." Another one advised: "When you want privacy say 'I’m having quiet time now, time for you to go to your garden'. "Or 'I’m sorry we’ve only got enough for us, you ask your mummy' or 'Time to go to your garden now, we’re having family time'." Another forum user said: "You have to say something or completely ignore them and see if they get bored. "It shouldn't be your job to tell their kids not to stare over the fence but since their parents aren't bothering it'll have to become your job." "I think I'd be adding a trellis along the top of the fence," another one commented. Another mom joked: "I think I'd decide it was time to use a hose to water the plants near the fence whenever they appeared."