Kim (played by Claire King) isn't one to cross when it comes to keeping secrets on Emmerdale and her other half, Will Taylor (Dean Andrews) should have known better. The owner of Home Farm was devastated when she discovered he had hired a private investigator to find Jamie (Alexander Lincoln) after he had been tipped off by Gabby Thomas (Rosie Bentham) and Dawn Taylor (Olivia Bromley) that he was still alive. It seems he will be the first person she is going to teach a lesson and to do this, she could use Mackenzie Boyd (Lawrence Robb) as a pawn in her game on the ITV soap. The drama continues in this week's episodes as it is clear Kim is not happy having been betrayed by her partner for so long. Having felt pushed out by Will before getting the truth out of him, she could feel now is the time for the shoe to be on the other foot. It will be clear the couple are not on good terms and the future of their relationship is on extremely thin ice, with the cracks already showing. As Will walks around like a lost puppy, Kim could embrace her villainous side once more and head to the Woolpack looking to find a new lover. With the pub closing early due to a lack of customers, it could just be her and Mackenzie who are left, with the sparks flying between them. READ MORE: Blue Bloods blunder: Key Erin and Danny scene had crew equipment Offering to help close up, Kim could ask Mackenzie how he currently feels in his relationship with Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins). The heartthrob could confess he doesn't feel she is making him a priority as her head is still focused on her criminal son, Noah Dingle (Jack Downham). Sharing how she is also feeling lonely at the moment, the pair could seek comfort in one another as they begin a steamy affair. With both of their partners in their bad books, they could steal moments to sleep together but try not to appear together in public. However, how will Charity and Will react when they discover what their lovers have been up to? Will could take the opportunity to end his relationship with Kim, who would tell him their romance died the moment he betrayed her. However, she could have bigger fish to fry when Charity decides she is going to make an enemy of Kim and will seek revenge. Kim could confess she never saw Mackenzie as anything more than just a pawn in her game and she doesn't want to peruse anything with him. Mackenzie could take this as a blow and as he realises the mistake he has made, he would plead with Charity to take him back. Has Kim managed to destroy two relationships by taking on a new lover to get revenge on Will? DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charley Webb left drained over 'hellish' family problem [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Joe Tate star's transformation in new pics with girlfriend [PICTURE]Emmerdale’s Rosie Bentham pleads for co-star’s return 'A lot of drama' [COMMENT] With Will out of the picture, Kim could go on to try and track down Jamie herself, believing he is now out there somewhere. She would want to see him again but she would also be furious he let her believe he was dead. Speaking about the fallout of this secret, producer Laura Shaw told Express.co.uk and other media there would be serious consequences. The soap boss said: "Up at Home Farm, we know that Jamie Tate is actually still alive so obviously that info is still to come out – and what will Kim do once she knows? "We know what a tough cookie Kim is but we also know that Jamie is her Achilles heel, so we can expect huge fireworks if she ever finds out how much he has betrayed her." The actress who plays Kim, Claire, has also spoken out this year about the drama coming up for her feisty alter-ego. Claire explained: "No one has told me, but I do know it’s going to be action-packed. "I think all the stuff with Jamie might raise its ugly head, as Kim thinks Jamie is dead and hasn’t seen Millie – I know she’ll want to see her granddaughter. “She will have a way of trying to find her. But I don’t know," the soap star told OK! Magazine but since then, Millie Tate (Willow Bell) returned for her mother's memorial. This is where Gabby discovered Jamie was still alive when she overheard the youngster speaking to her brother on the baby monitor. Millie could be vital to Kim tracking down her son as she would want answers as to why she was kept in the dark about everything. But she could be in danger herself as the actress who plays Gabby, Rosie, recently told Express.co.uk and other media Jamie would want blood. The actress explained: "Jamie coming back would kick off a lot of drama, there could be a custody battle for Thomas. "If he comes back he'll want one thing only and that's Home Farm, so is Kim in danger – he's obviously poisoned Kim before. "And that could bring back Gabby's nasty side because it's a fight or flight mode where she's like, 'I'm protecting me, my son, my status here and I'm not going to back down if he comes back.'" Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.