Chelsea are reportedly giving Real Madrid and Manchester City confidence over signing Reece James as they are yet to hand the ace a new deal and are keen to sign Paris Saint-Germain star Achraf Hakimi. James joined the Blues as a six-year-old and has become a key player at Stamford Bridge in recent seasons. James was thrust into the Chelsea team during Frank Lampard’s spell in charge and has gone on to rack-up 123 games for the club. He played the full 90 minutes when Chelsea defeated Pep Guardiola’s City side 1-0 to clinch the Champions League trophy in 2021 and also started the Carabao Cup and FA Cup finals earlier this year as the Blues lost out to Liverpool on both occasions. But James still has three years remaining on his contract. And, according to the Daily Mail, Chelsea feel the length of his current deal negates the urgency to offer him a new one, with the club’s new owners yet to indicate whether they intend to open talks with the player. The 22-year-old earns around £70,000 a week at Stamford Bridge and club chiefs believe his preference will always be to remain in west London given his long association with the club. READ MORE: Man Utd respond to Liverpool's Darwin Nunez deal as Erik ten Hag makes 'priority' clear   But the Citizens view the right wing-back as their ideal replacement for Kyle Walker, and Real Madrid are also monitoring his situation very closely. Chelsea are desperate to bolster their backline this summer as Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen are set to depart the club, while the futures of Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso are up in the air. And they could attempt to sign Hakimi, who only moved to Paris last summer after impressing for Inter Milan. DON'T MISSLeeds drop major Kalvin Phillips transfer hint amid Man City interestLeeds summer spending to reach £43.5m as Orta 'accelerates' third signingMan Utd boss Ten Hag 'interested' in surprise left-field Brighton transfer   But Tuchel surely won’t want the Morocco international to join his team at the expense of James. Instead, he could utilise the aces as part of the same backline if he does get his hands on the 23-year-old after revealing he could look to play James in his back three on occasions rather than at right wing-back. “He can play both positions brilliantly, but we can only select him once,” Tuchel explained in April. “I think that the back three is a little bit less demanding physically in comparison to the wing-back position. This is anyway the next step, how many games can he play as a wing-back? If he plays wing-back during a season, [can he be] reliable on a level where he’s decisive?” “It’s a bit less demanding physically in the back three in terms of accelerations, long accelerations and high speed. That helps us to have him on the pitch for more minutes, and that’s why he plays in there. So we need to decide.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 