The Royal Family have come under fire recently due to concerns over their spending, in particular during the current tough financial period. Speaking on Thursday's BBC Breakfast, royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams defended the Queen by stating that the family are crucial from a "ceremonial point of view", adding that there's "nothing else to compare it to". In regards to the recent debate, Naga Munchetty asked Mr Fitzwilliams: "How do you tangibly say, this is value for money. "What do you compare it to?" Mr Fitzwilliams replied: "There isn't anything else to compare to it to, other than the other Royal Families throughout the world, I think there are 27 in all. "If you look at the profile of ours, you haven't got any equal." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Key details of Prince Harry and Meghan's trip to England laid bare He added: "It's not just the question of tourism, it's not also a matter [of] trips abroad. "The top use, I would suggest, of British soft power, some of them, such as the Caribbean are less successful than others given changes in that area and, obvious, should be looked at for future royal tours. Mr Fitwilliams added: "Also you've got the charitable aspect of it, you'll note in the report, 2,300 engagements, a lot of those virtually. "The Queen, as we know, [is] an expert at broadcasting virtually. READ MORE: Meghan 'dreamed of being a princess like Kate' LONG before meeting Harry in unearthed blog "She has done over 200 up, that's almost double the previous year" He noted that there's been an increase in royal travel which you would expect since the pandemic. "You've got to essentially pay for your first family and of course, the security costs aren't revealed but the facts are the monarchy, from the ceremonial point of view, you don't get anything remotely similar." He also pointed out the media interest in the Royal Family. DON'T MISS Earlier this month, thousands celebrated the Queen's Platinum Jubilee over a four-day bank holiday weekend. Chancellor Rishi Sunak set aside £28million to deliver “a major celebration for the UK” in the 2021 budget. This money helped fund the Queen’s Birthday Parade on Thursday June 2, as well as the Saturday evening’s Platinum Party. This worked out to costing an estimated £1 to each UK household. READ NEXT: