Manchester United are reportedly ‘making progress’ when it comes to signing multiple transfer targets this summer. Erik ten Hag is keen to improve the squad, especially after their dire season under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. And the Dutchman appears to have three priorities at the current moment in time. Manchester United know their squad requires improvement after finishing sixth in the Premier League table last season. And Beyond the Pitch journalist Phil Brown has now claimed they’re ‘making progress’ when it comes to landing their top targets. United have interest in the likes of Frenkie de Jong, Darwin Nunez and Jurrien Timber. And Brown said on Twitter: “Utd are still very interested in De Jong, Timber and Nunez. “Whilst nothing is imminent Utd are making progress on multiple targets.” Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings That news will be a major boost for Ten Hag, who is eager to improve United as early as possible. And if the trio do end up moving to Old Trafford, then it will significantly improve their chances of a better campaign. Timber could arrive from Ajax at a time where Axel Tuanzebe, Eric Bailly and Phil Jones have been deemed surplus to requirements. Yet he claimed earlier in the week that he’d be more than happy to remain in Amsterdam, saying: "Of course I can develop further there [Ajax]. “I am 100 percent sure of that. I don't feel like I'm done at the club. But I can also develop at other clubs. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag “In the end, my gut feeling will be the deciding factor. The picture has to be right. “You can go to a big club. But if you're not going to play there, it's better to stay with Ajax. “And Ajax is also a big club. We play football in the Champions League and I play there together with the best players in the Netherlands. That is not nothing.” Regarding De Jong, United want to land the Netherlands international amid the imminent departures of Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic. But he, like Timber, made it clear this week he was happy at his current club. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "Barcelona is just my dream club. Also from a young age. I just said it too,” he stated. “I’ve never regretted my choice despite the fact that I had hoped for more in terms of prizes than I've achieved so far. “But I have never regretted my choice.” If United did sign Nunez, it would represent a substantial coup. The Uruguay international scored 34 goals across all competitions for Benfica last term, enhancing his reputation as one of the best young players on the planet. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Diego Forlan, at the start of the month, expressed a belief he’d be a good fit for United. “I think that he is a very good player, a good kid who is doing really well at Benfica and is enjoying a strong season,” he said. “It is not just the Portuguese league where he is doing well but in the Champions League too. “He is a player who has a lot of potential and he could fit in at Manchester United. “But obviously, everyone needs to have patience, although he is getting better with more and more experience.”