Elton John has been close to the royals for decades. The singer recorded a heartfelt performance of Your Song for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, which was projected onto Buckingham Palace during the star-studded concert. His close relationship with the royals has enabled him to get a glimpse of the family when they are away from the public's gaze. This included a party in which Elton claims to have witnessed the Queen slap another member of the Royal Family – Viscount Linley. In his 2019 book 'Me', Elton recalled the incident from Prince Andrew's 21st birthday party. He said: "When he repeatedly tried to fob her off, the Queen lightly slapped him across the face, saying 'Don't' — SLAP — 'argue' — SLAP — 'with' — SLAP — 'me' — SLAP — 'I' — SLAP — 'am' — SLAP — 'THE QUEEN!' "That seemed to do the trick. As he left, she saw me staring at her, gave me a wink and walked off." Elton also discussed another party he had with the royals. He said: "I was trying to dance as inaudibly as possible with Princess Anne and the Queen — still holding her handbag — while what appeared to be the world's quietest disco played Bill Haley. "I tried my best to come up with a facial expression that suggested this was a perfectly normal state of affairs." Sir Elton is also good friends with Meghan Markle and Prince Harry – he appeared on their first ever Spotify podcast as a guest. He defended the Sussexes in 2019 when they came under fire for taking four private jet journeys in 11 days. At the time, he defended the Sussexes for flying on a private jet to visit him in the US, and hit back at what he called “these relentless and untrue assassinations on their character”. He said: “I am deeply distressed by today’s distorted and malicious account in the press surrounding the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s private stay at my home in Nice last week. READ MORE:The Chase viewers distracted over unusual contestant name trend “Prince Harry’s mother, Diana, Princess Of Wales was one of my dearest friends. I feel a profound sense of obligation to protect Harry and his family from the unnecessary press intrusion that contributed to Diana’s untimely death. “After a hectic year continuing their hard work and dedication to charity, David and I wanted the young family to have a private holiday inside the safety and tranquility of our home. “To maintain a high level of much-needed protection, we provided them with a private jet flight. "I’m calling on the press to cease these relentless and untrue assassinations on their character that are spuriously crafted on an almost daily basis.” DON'T MISSElton John 'so sad' to miss own Oscars party as he praises Lady Gaga [INSIGHT]Elton John made John Lennon 'physically sick' before last live show [ANALYSIS]Elton John raged over 'f***ing cheek' of Rod Stewart at music 'lecture [INSIGHT] In October, Sir Elton's husband David Furnish branded Meghan an "amazing leader" as they prepared to work together on an animated series called 'Pearl'. He said: "I am delighted that we are finally able to announce this exciting animated series. "Meghan, The Duchess of Sussex and I are deeply passionate about bringing the inspirational and positive stories of extraordinary women from around the world to a global audience of all ages. "The team collaborating on the series are first class, and Netflix are the perfect partner." Last month, it was announced that the series has been cancelled by Netflix.  