  Kelsey Hardwick took to Instagram today to share an emotional update with her followers as she and her children prepared to spend their first Father’s Day without the late Tom Parker. The Wanted star Tom tragically died at the age of 33 after being diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour.     Kelsey appeared on Instagram today to pay tribute to her late husband Tom. She posted a video alongside their two children Aurelia, two and one-year-old Bodhi. Kelsey captioned the video: “I had an inbox full of lovely messages before 9am this morning and I can’t tell you how much it helped me put on my best smile and get up this morning. “Father’s Day is not easy for everyone but it’s a chance to celebrate all the amazing Dads out there including Tom and celebrating him is currently my favourite thing to do. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson skewers Lenny Henry’s Glastonbury diversity comments      “We got this #positiveparkers #fathersday #tomparker #instacommunity.” Speaking to her 351,000 followers in the video, she cuddled her children as they all said: “Hi guys! “We just wanted to jump on and say a massive, massive thank you for all your messages today,” Kelsey continued. “Thank you, today will be a hard day for us as a family.      “But the sun is shining, he is out there shining isn’t he?” she added, turning to her kids. “Daddy’s shining on us today and I’m wearing his top today. “Because if you’re having a bad day, just smile because it will make everything better." Pointing to the spots on Bodhi’s face, Kelsey added: “Those are chickenpox on his face aren’t they?” READ MORE... Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux  [UPDATE] Johnny Depp warns fans to 'remain cautious' after Amber Heard trial [LATEST] Victoria Beckham sends warning to David amid time away on Father's Day [NEWS]    She continued: “We’re just going to spend a lovely day together as a family, aren’t we? “Aurelia’s picked out her favourite dress and Bodhi’s got his superhero [outfit on].” Tom was diagnosed with a terminal brain tumour in 2020 and given just 18 months to live. News of the musician’s tragic death broke on March 30, with Kelsey sharing the news on social media.      At the time she wrote: “It is with the heaviest of hearts that we confirm Tom passed away peacefully earlier today with all of his family by his side. "Our hearts are broken. Tom was the centre of our world and we can’t imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence. "We are truly thankful for the outpouring of love and support and ask that we all unite to ensure Tom’s light continues to shine for his beautiful children. "Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout. He fought until the very end."   