Earlier this month, Meghan and Harry returned to the UK in celebration of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The visit was their first official trip back to the UK since their exit from the Royal Family in 2020. Vanessa Feltz, speaking on TalkTV, discussed how the couple were not able to "harness" the Jubilee as their popularity in the UK and the US plummets. Speaking on TalkTV, Feltz said: "Don't you think that the pivotal thing is that they weren't able to harness the Platinum Jubilee. "They weren't able to just get Netflix in [to film]. "They weren't ablet to, sort of, [be] photographed with the Queen, they didn't get to sit front row, they scarpered without going to the lunch, they had a party for the baby [Lilibet] that no-one was invited to [and] then they went home. "So they weren't able to use it." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Men need to 'be vocal' on rage - Meghan finally speaks on Roe V Wade She added: "They couldn't monetise the trip here, could they." During their visit, the couple only made one real appearance. They attended the Service of Thanksgiving at St. Paul's Cathedral on June 3. The couple joined nearly 40 royals, as well as politicians past and present, at the Friday's service. READ MORE: ‘Look at her smile!’ Royal fans gush over Queen’s first appearance since Jubilee Due to her ongoing mobility struggles, the Queen was not present. Although there were no exchanges between the Sussexes and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge or Prince Charles, the couple were spotted speaking to Harry's cousin Zara Tindall outside of the venue. The couple, and their two children, reportedly flew home to the US on June 5, before the celebrations officially came to a close. Their swift departure meant they were not present at the Jubilee Party at the Palace event on the final day of celebrations. DON'T MISS It was reported earlier this month that Prince William did not spend any time with his brother when the Duke and Duchess of Sussex visited the UK for the Platinum Jubilee. However, the Queen did get to meet her namesake great-granddaughter, in person, for the first time. Meghan and Harry's daughter Lilibet celebrated her first birthday on June 4. READ NEXT: