  Claudia Winkleman, 50, shared her thoughts on children wearing make-up in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. The Strictly Come Dancing star spoke about her own daughter, and admitted she hoped that today’s youngsters won’t “feel pressure” to live up to certain beauty standards.     Claudia recently teamed up with her co-star Tess Daly, 53, to promote Boots No7 Pro Derm Scan. The futuristic new diagnostic service aims to give customers accurate skincare and cosmetic recommendations based on a super close-up scan of their skin. During the interview, Claudia was asked about whether she felt there was more pressure on people to look a certain way in the age of social media. “I definitely don’t feel that,” Claudia began. “I feel like I could absolutely crumple at this stage, but I don’t feel pressure.      “I mean, I’d like my hair to be shiny, but we know that there is one company that deals with that,” she teased. “So I think that’s my job.” The Strictly host then went on to discuss her own child’s attitude to make-up. “You know, my daughter’s 15,” she reflected. “And I feel quite strongly that - well she’s not really interested in wearing make-up or anything like that.     “She did go through that phase,” Claudia added. “I hope that the younger, little people coming through don’t feel any pressure to look a certain way.” On the topic of skincare, Claudia was also asked whether she felt it was something young people should concern themselves with. “Oh I absolutely don’t,” she insisted. “They should think about chewing bubble gum and Harry Styles.”      Claudia lives with her husband Kris Thykier, whom she married in 2000, and the pair are generally quite private about their home life. Claudia and Kris share sons Jake and Arthur as well as daughter Matilda, who are approximately aged 18, 10 and 15 respectively. Speaking about the slick new scanning process at Boots UK, Claudia shared her thoughts on her own skin scan results. “I thought it was gonna hurt and it didn't - and it was really quick,” she revealed excitedly.     “And bearing in mind I've got like minus 15 eyesight, I've never seen anything that close up in my life. “They said I needed moisturiser, but they were quite pleased with me! I got lots of greens, which I remember being pleased about.” Claudia Winkleman is partnering with No7 to celebrate the launch of Pro Derm Scan, an in-store personalised consultation service with a No7 Beauty Advisor to help you see and understand your skin. Available now in selected Boots stores.   