Fashion and skincare expert Trinny Woodall is 58 years old but still has an enviable complexion. She shared with her one million Instagram followers her morning routine for youthful, supple skin. Trinny began by asking her fans: "Do you feel that your skin's going south, that you're getting that sag?" She went on to explain the importance of a good skincare routine. The mogul admitted that while an efficient skincare regime can do wonders, it will not lift the face. However, what it can do is give you that "feeling of plumpness in your skin". READ MORE: Flying can wreak havoc on the skin: How to survive it  This, in turn, will mean you aren't so affected by jowls. Trinny's first port of call is a balm cleanser, which she uses to wash her face. She is not extremely gentle with her face, rather, she is very tactile. "I will do that lifting of the skin with my fingers, I will do the scissoring," Trinny explained. She referred to this as "stimulation" as said it works to oxygenate the skin. Next, Trinny uses a facecloth to exfoliate, removing dead skin cells. Then, she uses a PHA (polyhydroxy acid) on her skin before dabbing on a peptide. She uses the NuFace toning device in upward motions to sculpt her face. She said: "This for me is a really good morning routine to go against the sagging of your skin. "These things need discipline. I generally do this until I feel the peptide has dried on my skin." Trinny then recommended retinol. For those on a "tight budget", skincare enthusiasts can go for Indeed Labs Retinol Reface, priced at £16.99, or The Ordinary's Granactive Retinoid 2 percent Emulsion at £6.93. "I do think if you're on a beginner's journey you could start there," she stated. Micro-needling, which Trinny revealed she does twice per week, is another option for toned skin. "Micro-needling superficially damages the skin, creates channels for the skin for products to go in deeper, and actually helps skin get its bounce back in my mind." She uses a 0.5 needle but recommended that beginners opt for a 0.2. Before this step in the routine, Trinny applies her PHA, as well as an AHA (alpha hydroxy acid) "because you want to be resurfacing the skin as you go". But while a good skincare routine can make a world of difference, it is not going to completely reverse all signs of ageing. Trinny also discussed "tweakments" as a possible option. She explained: "Threads are also one option for sagging skin.