Their achievements have been acknowledged by Mike Freer, Minister for Exports, who said the companies were perfect examples of the multiple businesses “flying the flag” for Britain. The companies were singled out by the Department for International Trade in advance of various events to mark Her Majesty’s 70 years as monarch. The five are: D-Line, which produces protective coverings for electrical cables; Beanies Flavour, which makes novelty flavoured coffee; railway engineering company X-Rail Group; Semperfli Fly which makes fly tying materials for anglers; and Urban Apothecary, which manufactures a wide range of fragrances, soaps, candles and body washes. Mr Freer, Tory MP for Finchley and Golders Green, said: “At a time of national celebration right across the country and the Commonwealth, I’m very pleased to see so many businesses are flying the flag for British firms as they trade and export across the globe.” He added: “The UK is full of brilliant businesses and seeing them recognised as Queen’s Awards winners is all the more reason to celebrate. “The Platinum Jubilee highlights the unyielding commitment Her Majesty made to the country, and so many businesses are making us proud by promoting their fantastic goods and services made in the UK and sold to the world.” D-Line D-Line is a North East-based company who are proud to export to over 30 countries worldwide, including most European Markets, USA and Australia. International Trade is at the heart of our business and represents over 50 percent of current turnover. The company has developed a unique and patented cable trunking system, which owes it success to the ease and speed with which it can be installed, along with a wide range of cable management items. D-Line’s products are sold in most of the world’s largest DIY retailers and trade channels and are proud to have been awarded the Queens Awards for International Trade and Innovation. JUST IN: Brexit Live - Tory MP savaged for suggesting re-joining single market Beanies Flavour Darlington-based Beanies Flavour Coffee has become one of the North East’s fastest growing firms as the company takes its products across the globe with Government support. The business is both an Export Champion and a Queen’s Award Winners. Heralding the post-Brexit Japan trade deal which helped slash tariffs from 12 percent to zero percent on its products, the business has grown from strength to strength. Beanies’ innovative jam and toffee flavoured coffee is now popular in Tokyo as a result of the campany’s exporting successes. DON'T MISSUK and US steel deal starts TODAY as Britain eyes huge trade pact [REVEAL]Duplicitous EU continues to pay for Putin's murderous war in Europe... [INSIGHT]Penny Mordaunt lashes out at Wagatha Christie [REACT] X-Rail Group X-Rail Group is an International Railway Engineering Infrastructure Services company, providing design and build engineering services. X-Rail Group has its headquarters in London, with current operations in the Middle East (Saudi Arabia) and mainline Europe (Spain) with an export portfolio opportunity reaching over £150m in exports. X-Rail Group is looking to expand its exports portfolio covering Australia and South East Asia. Semperfli Fly Semperfli Fly Tying Materials Ltd is based in North Yorkshire. The company has been working with international customers since 2014 and export to countries all over the world. In total, 93 percent of what it makes and sells is exported. Semperfli Fly Tying Materials Ltd won the Queen's Award for Enterprise: International Trade 2022 and is a DIT Export Champion for the Yorkshire and Humber region. Urban Apothecary Urban Apothecary was founded in 2012. Beginning at the kitchen table, founder Tajinder Banwait brought her perfumer-alchemist approach to the unusual pairing of botanicals. The Leicestershire-based business makes candles, diffusers, room sprays, hand and body washes, moisturising gels, lotions plus soaps. Exporting began in 2018, growing out of the established UK business with many of the stockists having international links through which customers abroad would discover the brand. Today, Urban Apothecary has products available in almost 400 retail outlets, in 30 countries, exporting to Australia, New Zealand, right across Europe as well as, Japan, China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan, USA, Canada, Singapore and South Korea. In the run-up to December 2020, overseas sales grew by 168 percent with exports now making up 47 percent of all sales. In 2022, Urban Apothecary was honoured with a Queen’s Award for International Trade for Outstanding Short Term Growth in overseas sales over the last three years. Ms Banwait said: “We're now working really hard to enter new markets and continue to expand the reach of the brand. We're looking at Italy, Spain, Sweden and also the UAE right now.”