Helmut Marko has insisted Sergio Perez is ‘extra motivated’ after securing a new deal with Red Bull in a warning to Max Verstappen. The Red Bull chief has revealed Perez received his new deal on the Friday before the Monaco Grand Prix which he went on to win. The announcement was made two days after the Mexican’s shock win but there were rumours the deal was struck earlier. The Red Bull star was heard saying ‘I signed too early' when speaking to Christian Horner after his race win. Perez claimed he was talking about signing the bottle of champagne but both he and Verstappen laughed at being caught out. Speaking to Austrian’s OE24, Marko said: “On the Friday before the Monaco Grand Prix, we gave him a contract extension. "He was extra motivated after this. It's very nice to have this duo of drivers. We've already recorded five wins this year." Perez now lies just 15 points behind team-mate Verstappen who leads the world championship. READ MORE: Sergio Perez F1 title prediction as Red Bull star emerges as darkhorse The Mexican was left incensed when he was asked to let Verstappen through a week earlier at the Spanish Grand Prix. If given a chance to fight, Perez could have just been one point behind the reigning champion heading to the Azerbaijan Grand Prix had he won in Barcelona. When asked whether the dynamic could change between the two Red Bull drivers, Marko claimed Verstappen would not be phased. Instead, he fired back that the pressure was instead on Ferrari and Charles Leclerc after a difficult Monaco Grand Prix. He explained: “Max remains calm. He has enough self-confidence. They [Ferrari] are under pressure. Charles Leclerc has had a hard time with that and mistakes are made, but that’s racing. In Monaco, we forced Ferrari to react to our pit-stop strategy. They reacted wrong.” DON'T MISSRed Bull warned of Sergio Perez mistake after snubbing driver switch [INSIGHT]Verstappen issued Perez advice as rivalry between Red Bull duo flairs [ANALYSIS]Red Bull chief Christian Horner makes Sergio Perez pledge [COMMENT] After Monaco, team principal Christian Horner claimed Perez was ‘a lot closer this year’ to Verstappen on pure pace. He also stressed both drivers were free to race for the championship and both have the ‘same chances’ at the team. After signing his new deal, Horner claimed Perez was a good team player but also stressed he was a 'force to be reckoned with’ in F1. He added: “Time and again he has proved himself to not only be a magnificent team player but as his level of comfort has grown he has become a real force to be reckoned with at the sharp end of the grid. For us, holding onto his pace, race craft and experience was a no-brainer and we are delighted that Checo will continue to race for the team until 2024.”