Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis are reportedly going to attend a number of events celebrating the Queen's Platinum Jubilee this bank holiday weekend. However, royal commentator Rhiannon Mills believes royal fans will likely have the chance to see also some of the other royal great-grandchildren during events open to the extended Royal Family. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** The Sky News royal correspondent told Express.co.uk: "This is a big occasion for the Queen and we are celebrating what is a completely unique situation. "She is the first British monarch to reach 70 years on the throne, but as well as the ‘official’ celebrations, I think there are always going to be moments that are very much about the family. "While she’s said that the big balcony moment is going to be for working royals (so immediately that’s a trimmed-down gathering of family members), for things like the service at St Paul’s, which is a thanksgiving service for the Queen, I think that we can likely anticipate seeing more members of the family there. "You’ve also got the big, exciting occasions - things like the concert in front of Buckingham Palace and also the pageant that is going to weave its way through London - which are probably more of a family occasion anyway. "For those, I wouldn’t be surprised if we saw the likes of the Tindalls’ and Peter Phillips’ children there, because I think the Queen obviously feels about them the same way she feels about the more high-profile great-grandchildren." During her record-breaking life, Her Majesty welcomed 12 great-grandchildren. Some have already made public appearances during major royal occasions, including by stepping onto the Buckingham Palace balcony on past Trooping the Colour. This year, however, this honour will be reserved only to full-time working royals. READ MORE: Prince Andrew living 'high life' during visits to Queen at Windsor In early May, a statement released by the Palace read: "After careful consideration, the Queen has decided this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday, June 2 will be limited to Her Majesty and those Members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen." There are exceptions to this ban, with Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis set to join their parents on the balcony, given they are expected to play a prominent role within the Firm in the future. Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn, are also expected to be on the balcony, as is Sir Timothy Laurence - the husband of Princess Anne. While he isn't a working royal, he often accompanies the Queen's daughter to engagements - including her latest tour to Papua New Guinea. Alongside the service on June 3, the celebrations for the Jubilee include other events open to extended family members. Mike and Zara Tindall's three children - Mia, Lena and Lucas - could make an appearance during the Epsom Derby on June 4 alongside Princess Anne, who will reportedly step in for the Queen. On the following day, members of the Royal Family are also expected to take part in the Platinum Pageant, an extravagant show through the streets of London. Many of the great-grandchildren of the Queen were last seen in March, when they attended the memorial service for Prince Philip at Westminster Abbey. Mia was the only child of the Tindalls in attendance and was spotted in an adorable exchange with Princess Charlotte who excitedly waved at her while passing by her position. Both Peter's daughters, Isla and Savannah Phillips, were in attendance and sat close to their first cousin. Alongside Charlotte, Prince George took part in the service, and was spotted politely shaking hands with clergymen lined up to greet the royal guests ahead of the service. Prince Louis did not join his siblings at the Abbey. However, he is widely expected to be with the Cambridges on June 3 at St Paul's Cathedral. The upcoming service will reportedly see all the Queen's children in attendance, including Prince Andrew. All the eight grandchildren of the monarch are also tipped to be there, as Prince Harry is flying across the pond with his wife Meghan and children to mark the Jubilee in person.