Prince Harry and Meghan Markle reunited with the Royal Family in public for the first time since Megxit at the Service of Thanksgiving during the Platinum Jubilee. Body language expert Elaine Swann pointed out how the Duchess of Sussex and Kate were "in step" with each other. Speaking to Us Weekly's Royally Us, Ms Swann said: "I think it is [healing the rift]. "I still saw communication, in my opinion, because if you think about Jubilee's passed. "I was looking at what the women were wearing and if you notice Kate and Meghan in the last Jubilee, they had jewel tones as if that was the memo of the day. "This time it seems as if a memo was sent out and the family had a particular look. "Meghan and Kate were still in step with that memo for the attire of the day. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry photo ban bitter pill to swallow' "There's a lot more going on behind the scenes than we think." It comes as it was a "magnificent seven" who surrounded the Queen at the Jubilee finale - the core members of the royal family who are shaping the monarchy. Future king the Prince of Wales, and his wife the Duchess of Cornwall, who was publicly backed this year by the monarch to one day use the title Queen, emerged with the head of state as she stepped onto the Buckingham Palace balcony. There too were the next in line, the Duke of Cambridge and Prince George. And the Duchess of Cambridge, like Camilla a future Queen Consort, along with Princess Charlotte and little Prince Louis, the siblings a double helping of spares to the heir. As the Queen, in her end-of-Jubilee written message, outlined her commitment to serve "to the best of my ability supported by my family", it was to these seven she was referring. On hand and greatly depended on will also be the Princess Royal, the Earl and Countess of Wessex, and the Queen's cousins, who have devoted their lives to royal duty. These working royals joined the Queen for the Jubilee flypast on the first day of the celebrations. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry forced to back of procession to prevent photos [INSIGHT]William told how to approach Harry to avoid further 'embarrassment' [ANALYSIS]Meghan Makle and Harry 'were 50 minutes late' not to be 'lumped' [VIDEO] But the closing image was the Queen and those in the immediate line of succession, and two wives as future consorts. It was a symbol of a focused monarchy, reminiscent of the Diamond Jubilee balcony appearance in 2012 when the numbers were trimmed to a slimmed down group of six, including the Queen. Then it was just the Queen - without the Duke of Edinburgh, who was in hospital - and Charles, Camilla, William, Kate and the Duke of Sussex. But with Harry no longer at the forefront of royal life, and the arrival of the Cambridge great-grandchildren, the family line-up has changed. For the Platinum Jubilee, the Queen moved to set out the future of the institution she has served for more than 70 years.