Unpaid carers save the Government hundreds of millions every year through their unpaid labour. However, some of those who receive Carer's Allowance state it comes nowhere near covering costs. During carers week, which ended on June 12, many unpaid carers took to social media to share their financial plight. Twitter user Steph Redfern Oakes put forward her argument in a concise breakdown. She tweeted: “As #unpaidcarer here's the work I did in #CarersWeek: “Average UK pay for these jobs combined is £250.33...I got £69.70 in Carers Allowance.” READ MORE: 'Don't click!': Expert fear as post scams cause alarm - how to spot fake delivery messages Another Twitter user, Jantwokay, commented on the post noting she had forgotten a few things: “You haven't included management of social services, admin or the other relevant tasks. “You're undervaluing yourself.” To which she replied: “True! We have to do so much I think I forget all the jobs we do.” Twitter user GailHanrahan shared: “It’s #CarersWeek every week for carers… it’s time to properly value them by giving them a decent carers allowance. “£69.70 a week and you lose that when you reach pension age. That’s about 41p an hour for a 168 hour week.” Twitter user Dan White added an interesting fact into the conversation saying: “The dictionary definition of ‘allowance’ is: ‘a sum of money paid regularly to a person to meet needs or expenses.’ “By that definition Carers allowance should be re-defined as the £69 a week we pitifully receive does not: ‘meet needs or expenses.’ Doesn’t even come close.” A number of Express.co.uk readers also shared their own perspective on Carer's Allowance. Reader Polly Ticks shared: “I am a carer for my 95 year old Mum. She lives in her own house and I'd rather care for her myself than have her go into a home, but it is very hard work. “I do everything for just under £70 a week as well as my own job and looking after my own home. The options are limited to say the least.” Reader ducs highlighted one particular issue when it comes to the practicalities of uplifting Carer’s Allowance, and said: “Everyone wants more but the magic money tree is not fruiting at the moment. “Any extra paid to anyone means more taxes so vicious circle that just creates more demand.” A DWP spokesperson said: “We recognise and value the vital contribution made by carers every day to support family and friends, including pensioners and those with disabilities. “Nearly 60 percent of working age people on Carer’s Allowance will get a Cost of Living Payment – £650 for people on means-tested benefits and other targeted payments for families living with a pensioner or a disabled person. “On top of this all households will receive £400 through the Energy Bill Support Scheme and we have extended the Household Support Fund by £500 million. “Families can also receive an additional £2,000 a year through the carer’s element in Universal Credit and may be entitled to further support through the benefits system.”