The Duke and Duchess of Sussex joined members of the Royal Family at the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday. But royal columnist Daniela Elser highlighted Harry and Meghan's relegated seating arrangement at the event. The Sussexes were in the second row behind the Wessexes and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, across the aisle from Prince Charles, Camilla, Prince William and Kate. Ms Elser claimed that "if ever there was an image that summed up the descent of Harry and Meghan it was this". The royal commentator also claimed the move "not so much spoke volumes as indecorously yelled at the top of its lungs". Writing for news.com.au, Ms Elser said: "While the last time Harry had been inside the famed 17th century church, for the Grenfell Tower National Memorial service in 2017, he had sat sombrely in the front row next to his brother and sister-in-law, William and Kate, Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, on Friday he was forced to accept his designated spot in cheap seats, the Sussexes’ B-list status made all-too-painfully obvious. "Harry and Meghan were being, quite literally, put in their place." The Sussexes have returned to the royal fold for the extended bank holiday weekend celebrating the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. But their seats yesterday were a sign of their change in status after they quit as working royals in 2020. Harry, who is sixth in line to the throne, and Meghan did however make a solo procession, holding each other's hand, down the nave of St Paul's Cathedral, after the rest of the mass of more than 40 royals and before future king Charles and the Cambridges. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan defended after being booed at Jubilee event There was no obvious interaction shown on the television camera between Harry and his brother William, who have long faced a rift, nor the Duke of Sussex and his father Charles, who have also had a troubled relationship, or between Meghan and Kate. Just over a year ago, the Sussexes hit out at the monarchy in their bombshell Oprah Winfrey interview. Meghan looked chic for the service in a Dior trench coat and matching hat. She smiled as she walked through the church, while Harry put on a jokey display at times to other members of his family. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry hold 'secret talks' with Prince Charles [INSIGHT]Fury at Harry and Meghan for keeping their children away [POLL]Jubilee: Lip reader says what royals REALLY said while on balcony [ANALYSIS] A special reception took place at the Guildhall for the almost 50 royals following the service. However, Meghan and Harry are thought to have missed the event and returned to their Frogmore Cottage base. The Sussexes have travelled from their home in California with their two children, Archie and Lilibet, for the Jubilee celebrations. The couple were spotted at Trooping the Colour on Thursday although they did not make an appearance on Buckingham Palace's balcony, with the moment limited to working royals only. It is not known which other events Harry and Meghan will attend during the four-day weekend. They could be among royals at the BBC's Platinum Party at the Palace tonight or the Platinum Jubilee Pageant on Sunday. It has been claimed that the Sussexes want to keep a low profile during their time in Britain. 