The Duke of Sussex has been urged by royal expert Russell Myers to "stop giving interviews" until he makes amends with his older brother, Prince William and repairs their "strained" relationship. Mr Myers said the brother's relationship was "strained to the extreme" as he discussed the ongoing tensions between the two princes. Speaking on Australian TV, the Daily Mirror's royal editor said: "We saw at the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, they didn't, unfortunately, hang out at all." He said he had attended the service at St Paul's Cathedral where he noticed Prince Harry "straining his neck" to try and catch William's eye, without any luck. Mr Myers said: "They didn't spend any time over those four days at all but I think Prince Harry needs to stop giving interviews to American television networks before the two brothers nearly sit down and get back to their best and I imagine that's not gonna happen before long."  The Sussexes came back to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations at the start of June. Despite not playing a huge role in the four-day royal affair, the pair were present at the Thanksgiving Service at St Paul's Cathedral. Harry and Meghan sat just metres apart from working members of the firm including William and Kate. According to Mr Myers, Harry showed a sign that he was "desperate for approval from his brother". READ MORE: Kate abandons royal tradition by hosting roundtable with ministers Host Karl Stefanovic replied: "I hadn't realised the fact that probably it was coming from, the shutouts from William, as opposed to Harry. "I think we all assumed, considering the bad press around Meghan and Harry, that it's always like them subbing people but actually, Harry is looking for approval from his brother but his brother is shutting the door." In response, Mr Myers said he believes Harry is "still longing for belonging from his family". He said: "When he is still giving interviews, sort of, slagging them off every now and then, it's a very, very long road back for him unfortunately at this moment. DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Should William invite Harry and Meghan to birthday party? [POLL]'Wow!' Queen Maxima of the Netherlands stuns in coral for gala dinner [INSIGHT]Royal Mail stamp exchange: When do old stamps expire? [COMMENT] "I think there just needs to be a bit more space between them before these boys can get back together." Harry and Meghan gained widespread attention when they took part in their bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021, which included a number of explosive revelations about the couple and their time in the royal establishment. More recently, Prince Harry opened up about visiting the Queen for the first time in two years during an interview at the Invictus Games. The Duke spoke about his close relationship with his grandmother, the Queen and his hopes that she has the "right people" around her.