Over the past couple of months, Phill (played by Jamie Kenna) and Fiz (Jennie McAlpine) have been on a rollercoaster of trials and tribulations within their relationship. Now, they have finally put all the drama behind them and are looking forward to the rest of their lives together as the big day draws closer. However, a new theory from Express.co.uk could see Phill's ex Camilla (Louise Marwood) turn up on the cobbles and leaves Fiz devastated and heartbroken once again. After it was revealed Phill had been researching the case of John Stape (Graeme Hawley) to make a book, Fiz was left furious. Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall) was waiting in the wings for Fiz as he had been desperate to try and win her back. Being the generous man he is, Tyrone told Fiz she could move herself and the girls back into his home for as long as she liked. However, his plans to win her back were cut short after she decided to accept Phill's proposal and looked forward to her future with the man of her dreams. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret In upcoming scenes, Evelyn Plummer (Maureen Lipman) tells Fiz she thinks Mimi Halliday (Margot Leicester) is part of a plan to sabotage the wedding. Things start to go wrong as Hope Stape's (Isabelle Flanagan) bridesmaid dress gets covered in wine, Mimi blames Cerberus (dog). As a slanging match ensues, Phill’s annoyed with Fiz for not giving Mimi the benefit of the doubt over Evelyn. On the street, they are both stunned when a beautiful woman steps out of a car and introduces herself to Fiz as Camilla, Phill’s ex-wife. Phill is baffled as to why she has turned up but tells Fiz he can't wait to marry her, and Camilla is no threat. Evelyn is forced to apologise to Mimi, and Fiz feels obliged to invite Camila to the hen night, but a game of Mr and Mrs at the event proves Camilla knows Phill far better than Fiz does, and Camilla insists that she and Phill are very much in love and he wants her back. Fiz confronts Phill about emails he has sent to Camilla, insisting he has done no such thing, has Phill been unfaithful to Fiz? With Camilla turning up just days before their wedding, could this mean she has more devastating news for Fiz? DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Gemma Winter exposed as Maria's tormentor [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Maria Connor attacked by Max Turner  [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Toyah Battersby heartbroken as Spider return [MORE] If Phill has been cheating on Fiz with his ex-wife, could she drop a bombshell that she is pregnant with his child? Fiz actress Jennie McAlpine recently spoke to Express.co.uk and other press and opened up about her fears for Fiz and Phill's future. Touching on Camilla's arrival, she explained: "I think deep down the thing is she's dead fragile since Tyrone cheated on her. "I think there's an element she thought she met this Phil, he asked her out, and she thought, 'Why are you asking me out?' And then he tells her he loves her and wants to marry her, and he's saying all these nice things to her. "Somewhere at the back of her head, she's thinking, 'This can't be real,' and then when his gorgeous, successful ex-wife turns up, she thinks, 'Oh, yeah, of course, he'll go back to her, he's not gonna stay with me.' "So yeah, I think she thinks definitely history repeats itself, and she'll be left again. She's not got good self-esteem, I don't think, our Fiz." Jennie added: "I think that's part of the thing of the, you know, back to how she feels about herself sort of thinking, 'Why did I think that I deserve this, this nice house with this nice man who was nice to me?' "And then this lovely wedding, like, 'I should have just stuck with the Tyrone that cheated on me, that's what I should have done,' so I think there's a bit of that in there." Will Fiz get to the bottom of Camilla's mysterious return, or will she call off the wedding and give up on her happy ending? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.