Liverpool will reportedly make a £34million bid for Porto's Portugal international Otavio, with Mohamed Salah facing a possible Anfield exit. The Reds have already made three signings this summer as they look to topple Manchester City at the top of the Premier League table next season. According to The Mirror, Porto expect Liverpool to firm up their interest in Otavio after they rejected a £26m offer for the ace from Leeds. The Portuguese champions believe the Merseysiders will submit an official bid over the coming week and that it will be £8m more than Leeds were prepared to pay. The player’s agent has been in England in an attempt to broker a move for his client, with the Primeira Liga side willing to do business at around the £38m mark. Otavio, who can slot in anywhere in midfield or across the frontline, has played 237 games for Porto since joining them from Vitoria Sport Clube in 2016. And he has contributed 24 goals and 62 assists for his team. Last season, he was in fine form as Porto cruised to the league title. And the 27-year-old was rewarded with seven caps for Portugal, despite playing for Brazil at age-group level during the early part of his career. READ MORE: Man Utd wonderkid 'has offers from England' as Erik ten Hag faces call    Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has built a formidable team at Anfield since he was appointed manager in 2015. And the German has led his side to the Champions League, the Club World Cup and the Premier League titles, as well as FA Cup and Carabao Cup success. But his frontline was broken up earlier this week after Sadio Mane put pen to paper on a three-year contract with Bayern Munich. And Salah could be the next man to follow the Senegal international out of the door as his contract is set to expire next summer. DON'T MISS: Chelsea eyeing Man Utd transfer hijack as Blues ‘hold Antony meeting' (NEWS)What Frenkie de Jong has told his agent about Man Utd move (INSIGHT)Cristiano Ronaldo 'not going anywhere' as Bayern respond to links (TRANSERS)      Klopp has been desperate to tie Salah down to a new deal on Merseyside after helping him become one of the best players in the world since his move from Roma five years ago. But the Egypt international has refused to commit his future to the club and is apparently holding out for a pay packet worth £400,000 a week - which is £160,000 more than Virgil van Dijk's on. And it has now been revealed that Liverpool could even let the forward leave this summer if they get an offer of £60m. Klopp has already managed to prise attackers Darwin Nunez and Fabio Carvalho away from Benfica and Fulham respectively. And if the 55-year-old can get his hands on Otavio, he might just believe that his side can function perfectly well without Salah in it. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 