The popular American network’s 2022-23 season will begin after the summer with an impressive slate of 18 returning dramas and four new shows for CBS viewers to sink their teeth into. In its latest announcement, release dates for NCIS and its two spin-offs, NCIS: Los Angeles and NCIS: Hawaii have been confirmed, along with much of its September-October schedule. The next season of NCIS will officially begin at 9pm on Monday, September 19. Immediately following will be the highly anticipated second season premiere of new spin-off, NCIS: Hawaii, at 10pm. Just over three weeks later, established off-shoot NCIS: LA will be returning for its 14th season at 10pm on Sunday, October 10. This year will mark the milestone 20th season of the mainline show, so fans should expect big things to come when the team returns over the next year. READ MORE: Blue Bloods exit: Why did Amy Carlson leave NBC drama as Linda Reagan? The first of CBS’s new series, So Help Me Todd, a private investigator drama starring Skylar Astin, will begin at the end of September. The network’s upcoming season will also be joined by police drama East New York, reality show The Real Love Boat and SEAL Team star Max Thierot’s new project, Fire Country. However, the three NCIS series will still be expected to draw the biggest numbers for CBS, as it remains one of the most popular franchises in US TV history. The latest announcement arrives shortly after fans were given some exciting updates on the shows’ production. NCIS: Hawaii star Jason Antoon recently took to his Instagram to confirm he was flying over to the Pacific island to begin filming. Meanwhile, NCIS: LA producer Rick Tunell posted a sneak-peek from behind the scenes of season 14 on his Twitter page. “The NCIS: Los Angeles production office is open for business. We're back for Season 14,” he confirmed, alongside a snap of the show’s set. Fans were thrilled to see the NCIS team getting back into action, as it means it won’t be long until the first details of the new seasons start to surface. DON'T MISS:Selling Sunset fans in meltdown as season 6 and 7 confirmed [LATEST]Umbrella Academy season 3: Fans slam show for ‘butchering’ Allison [REACTION]SEAL Team season 6 theory: Trent’s return ‘ruled out’ [INSIGHT] Christiane Hölzel replied to Rick: “Looks like the home of the best cast and crew in Hollywood. Welcome back for season 14.” @Richtsjes said: “Hope you had some time to relax beforehand. Still, good to see you back at HQ.” And Cate Robinson wrote: “Great news. Best cast and crew on TV. My favourite show always.” Most of the three shows’ casts are expected to return, with the notable exception of Leroy Gibbs (played by Mark Harmon), who departed at the start of NCIS season 19. The jury is also still out on whether long-running LA Operations Manager Hetty Lange (Linda Hunt) will be back full-time after her role was reduced during the Covid pandemic. Thankfully, the rest of the main cast is still on board, and there are even rumours of a comeback for Tony DiNozzo (Michael Weatherly) and Ziva David (Cote de Pablo). In addition to NCIS’s triumphant return, viewers also have new seasons from Blue Bloods, Young Sheldon, SWAT, The Neighborhood, and many more to look forward to. NCIS season 20 and NCIS: Hawaii season 2 premiere Monday, September 19 on CBS. NCIS: Los Angeles season 14 premieres Sunday, October 9.