Container-grown blossom trees, including cherry, can be planted at any time of the year, although late spring is often recommended. According to one expert, there are several varieties which can be grown in containers. Angela Slater, Gardening Expert at Hayes Garden World, explained: “If you have a large garden, you can bask in the glory of spring blossom from late March until June. “Sloes, Prunus spinosa, are usually the first to bloom, you can see the white froth along hedgerows the length and breadth of the countryside. “They are not really suitable to grow like a tree in the garden but are a wonderful addition to a wildlife hedge, particularly if security is a problem as they are covered in spines, so not suitable if you have small children. “Next to bloom are damsons and plums then the glorious wild cherry. “Ornamental cherries are next and there are masses of varieties which range in colour, from pure white to the deepest carmine pink and from simple single flowers to many petalled doubles. READ MORE: Windsor: The £1m property, the doer-upper & the average home “If you only have a small garden, the upright pale pink Flagpole Cherry is ideal, and as a bonus, the flowers are slightly fragranced.” Ornamental cherry trees, cultivated in Japan, can produce gorgeous blossoms all the way from winter until early summer. The expert also recommended pears and crab apples. The Crataegus monogyna, also known as hawthorn, was also suggested for blossom in the garden. DON'T MISS:Use banana peel trick to ‘provide an advantage’ to roses [COMMENT]Lily of the valley: How to grow Queen Elizabeth II's favourite plant [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘two-minute’ method for cleaning Venetian blinds [EXPLAINER] Angela said: “The common hawthorn is a very tolerant tree, of both dryness and excess moisture and they are also suitable for coastal windswept gardens. “There are hybrid varieties available which give slightly larger and double flowers. Try Paul’s Scarlet, with double scarlet flowers or Compacta, a small variety suitable for growing in a container.” Crab apples give fruits ranging from the deepest red to pale yellow. However, the “best for blossom” is known as Adirondack, which according to the expert, produces white flowers. Being a small tree, it is also suitable for growing in a large container. The gardening expert added: “Recommended varieties include American Beauty which has deep red double flowers, Hillier with bright pink semi-double flowers, John Downie, has white flowers and a heavy crop of bright orange flushed red fruits and ‘Golden Hornet’ which is one of the most reliable varieties producing white flowers and yellow fruits, suitable for a large container.” Apple trees come in many forms, not just the orchard trees. According to the expert, there are now several aimed at a smaller garden. Angela explained: “There are also fan-trained trees which are designed to be planted against a sunny wall. “Step-over trees are trained onto horizontal wires and as the name suggests they are low enough to step-over, they make a fantastic border to a vegetable patch. “There are also patio trees designed to be grown in large containers and these have two to three varieties grafted onto a single tree, they pollinate each other so you will get fruit even with only one plant.” Pear trees are also available in the same forms as apple trees and like apples, need a sunny site to grow.