Lawns are a labour of love, and to keep them healthy, thick, and well maintained year-round, they will require some attention and care. Fertilising your lawn is one of the best ways that you can maintain that Wimbledon-worthy lawn from spring right through to winter. So when is the best time to fertilise lawns? Lawn specialists at The Grass People recommend that the best time to apply fertiliser is when grass is actively growing. This tends to be from March right through until October. The experts said: “We would recommend feeding your lawn twice a year. “The best time to apply fertiliser is when your grass is actively growing. READ MORE: ‘The best way’ to clean ‘smelly’ washing machines in ‘four easy steps’ “The best time of the year to fertilise your lawn is from March – to October when temperatures have started to increase, and your grass is actively growing.” Between November and February, lawns are considered to be in a state of dormancy. This means that it grows extremely slowly, if at all. Fertilising your lawn in spring will help to refresh and revitalise your lawn after the winter season and boost the level of nutrients within your soil. DON'T MISS: ‘Most underrated’ features that you ‘need’ in your kitchen [EXPERT]‘Most effective’ way to clean your shower screen - ‘it works!’ [TIPS]'The disrespect!': Property firm under fire for changing Welsh name [INSIGHT] Fertilisers that are geared toward the summer months are going to help build and keep your grass looking great. They may also have lawn builder properties that help to increase the amount of grass that you have and help to make it healthier as well. The gardening experts advised gardeners to consider a “mid-summer application” to “boost the colour and condition” of lawns during the hottest months. An autumn feed will help to give your lawn a long-lasting feed for the winter months ahead, this will ensure that your lawn is prepared for the challenges that the winter weather may bring. The lawn pros also shared the “best way” to fertilise lawns. They instructed gardeners to begin by making sure they have done all the necessary maintenance to their lawn such as scarifying, weed removal and aeration. The scarification process removes organic matter, such as thatch or moss, from around the base of the grass plants and tidies up any straggly lateral growth that will otherwise prevent good dense grass growth. Air pores in your soil help water to move more freely allowing the flow of nutrients as well as allowing oxygen in the air to aid root respiration. When you aerate your lawn, you are essentially helping your lawn “breathe”. Next cut the grass three to four days before applying fertiliser. Then apply the fertiliser, “ideally using a good fertiliser spreader - try to spread on an overcast day or in the evening”, says the experts. Grass blade burn prevention is the next step. For this step it is important to bear in mind watering off the fertiliser from the grass blades as the fertiliser will burn and damage the existing grass. The lawn experts’ advised a top tip: “Our top time saving tip is to fertilise on a day when you are expecting a good amount of rain so it does the job for you otherwise just water it off yourself using a hose/sprinkler system.” After 14 to 21 days check for any weeds and remove them, then overseed any patches.