In evidence submitted for the 2022 NHS pay rise, the Government have put forward three percent as the figure they can afford. TUC senior policy officer Sian Elliot joined Charlie Stayt on BBC Breakfast on Friday to argue the importance of a “fairer” pay increase as the host desperately tried to get the union boss to name the figure she was hoping the Government would settle on. The BBC Breakfast host asked Sian to name the pay rise figure the union would accept. However, the senior policy officer avoided Charlie’s question. Charlie said: “I will keep asking you the same question which is, talk to me about numbers because everyone is well aware that inflation is either nine or 10 or possibly even going beyond that. “In terms of a pay offer for nurses, what figures are you talking about?” Read more: 'You're still under investigation!' Angela Rayner blasted by Jon Kay “We’re talking about everyone in the NHS and what we’re saying is that pay offer needs to be fair, it needs to reflect the rising cost of living and what we want to see is the Government sitting around the table with employers, with unions talking about what that fair pay offer would be.” Interjecting, Charlie asked: “Are you in a position where you aren’t going to talk about numbers? “What you seem to be saying is inflation, if we take it today as we speak at nine percent you’re saying that’s the baseline for the pay settlement and it should be inflation plus? Is that a reasonable read of what you’re saying?” “We’re saying the pay award should absolutely reflect that cost of living and anything below it would be a real-terms pay cut certainly that three per cent falls well short. “It means a real-terms pay cut of around £2,000 for the average paramedic, £1,000 for the average nurse so that pay award has got to reflect that rise in cost of living.” “Can I ask about strike action?” Charlie continued. “Because that’s a real concern for people. Is that a possibility? Sian admitted she was concerned NHS staff would “vote with their feet” and leave their respective professions. She said: “We already have one in 10 posts in the NHS unfilled and the rate at which the Government are recruiting NHS nurses and staff members simply isn’t keeping pace at the rate workers are leaving.” DON'T MISS'Not fair system' Naga Munchetty skewers Ofgem chief  [INTERVIEW]Queen personally requested Rod Stewart sing Sweet Caroline [VIDEO]'Frauds!' Meghan and Harry blasted by Megyn Kelly over private jet [INSIGHT] “Can I be absolutely clear about this,” Charlie said. “Are you saying there are more nurses leaving the profession than being recruited? “The Government is painting a different picture they’re saying the number of nurses is up by more than 10,000. Is that wrong?” Sian replied: “The Government have been in some way successful in recruiting more nurses to the NHS. “But they’ve chosen an arbitrary number, 50,000, it wasn’t rooted in any evidence it wasn’t rooted in a proper workforce plan for the NHS.” BBC Breakfast viewers shared the support for the NHS as Mark Ballard tweeted: “People should be coming together to support a real-terms pay increase in the NHS. That's, in the same way, the majority of NHS staff would support you in your private-sector job asking for the same. Wages should not be a race to the bottom. #NHS #inflation #realtermspaycut.” “And whatever the pay rise remember the Gov will take it's slice back by way of NI and Income tax - to keep pace with inflation you need to add on top the tax & NI the Gov will take back,” Ian Reynolds said. Niall Heaney wrote: “Cap footballers wages and drop politicians salaries and raise the pay of all those in the NHS. They’re the real heroes!” BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily at 6am.