Yet a shameless bunch of them have filed a list of complaints about their taxpayer subsidised meals not being big enough or varied enough. I’d like to say that this is a joke, that I’m messing with you – but I’m not. Grown men and women who are being paid to represent us at the country’s seat of power are getting their knickers in a twist over the size of their taxpayer-funded pudding – taxpayers who in the past three years have forked out a whopping £17m to subsidise the bars and eateries in the Commons – and still it’s not good enough for them. Like Oliver Twist, these snout in the trough politicians want more. Apart from the crumble some of their complaints are that the 69p cups of coffee aren’t strong enough. There isn’t enough choice of “spicy” dishes. There aren’t enough “traditional” dishes”. There’s a shortage of poached eggs on the menu. There’s no English mustard. Oh and one idiot wanted onions removed from one particular dish. I only wish I knew you with the names of these MPs so we could publicly shame them – but I don’t. But they need shaming. It was only a few weeks ago politicians were lecturing cash strapped families about how they should learn to cook and budget properly. They patronised us telling us that we should buy own brands in supermarkets to save a few pennies. Yet here we have some of the most privileged members of our society bellyaching about the subsidised food they receive courtesy of the taxpayer – the very people that just a few weeks ago they were lecturing us about how to save money on food. Well I’ll tell you how we could save money on food – we could start by not paying for theirs. Why the hell are we subsidising food and alcohol for MPs who are on £82,000 a year (ministers are on £135,000) They don’t need us to pay for their food – they’re perfectly capable of paying for their own – not least because they also claim expenses on the taxpayer too which run into millions. Why is it the electorate’s responsibility to fund the lunches and dinners of the people who represent us? This is an elitist, archaic practice that shouldn’t exist in the 21st century – especially now when families are having to decide whether to eat or pay their bills. And if anything shows how tin-eared and out of touch many of our MPs are its these farcical complaints. While the very poorest in this country are having sleepless nights about how they’re going to cope with the worst cost of living crisis in a generation, while politicians bicker about which families are entitled to free school meals some MPs are complaining about the size of their apple crumble and the fact their coffee isn’t strong enough. It almost beggars belief! This is reminiscent of the expenses scandal in 2009 when MPs thought they were perfectly entitled to claim taxpayers money for scatter cushions, takeaways, duck houses, moats, porn videos, etc. And even 13 years on their lives are still fuelled by taxpayers cash which is being spent on hotels, second homes, meals out, travel. Can you believe that in 2021 Scottish MPs claimed £12m in expenses despite spending months working from home during the pandemic. Of course, they’ll cry that all these expenses are “within the rules”. And of course they are – but it doesn’t mean the rules are right or fair. The cost of running bars, canteens and restaurants in the House of Commons hit a record £9.1m in 2021 despite Covid-hit sales of just £827,000.  And while these subsidised eateries aren’t a scandal on a par with the 2009 expenses debacle what they both do is damage trust in politics and politicians. They feed into the belief that our politicians are on a gravy train and we, the taxpayers, are the mugs paying for it. So Yes, everything these politicians are doing might be within the rules. But maybe the rules – on subsidided restaurants at least – need to be changed. And while we’re all grateful we have people representing our communities and constituencies at the heart of Government there are times when it feels like we’re being ripped off and taken for fools and it fuels our often justified contempt for the political classes.