Fern Britton, 64, has four children from two marriages, but conceiving did not come easily. The former This Morning presenter was asked about her children in a recent interview and admitted she didn't think she would ever have any. Fern recently spoke to Emily Dean on her podcast Walking the Dog, with the pair discussing Fern's new book, The Good Servant. However, near the end of the episode Emily asked Fern about her children, saying: "Talk about your lovely kids." Fern replied: "I've got four! I didn't think I would even have one!" Emily, shocked, replied: "Did you not?" READ MORE: 'Horrendous!' Bake Off's Paul Hollywood on marriage breakdown scrutiny Fern explained: "No! Had a few problems but the twins are IVF and that's wonderful and they are nearly 29 and doing their thing. "They're great boys. Actually, I'm very proud of them. "My girls are ones who just turned 25 and the little one is 21 in August and they are having a wonderful time. "The little one lives with me." Fern was married to her first husband Clive Jones from 1988 until 1998, during which she had two boys, Jack and Harry, conceived through IVF. The couple also had a daughter, Grace. She began dating TV chef Phil Vickery in 2000 and the pair wanted a child, and their daughter Winnie arrived in 2001. Earlier this year Fern discussed her problems with IVF to fellow presenter Kate Thornton on her podcast White Wine Question Time. DON'T MISS... 'Never understood people obsessed with money', says Beatles' star's ex [COMMENT] Denise Welch causes stir with Rebekah Vardy comparison pic [TWITTER] Denise Welch breaks cover after angry viewers told host 'to be quiet' [PICS] She exclaimed: "Anyone who has been through IVF knows about those drugs and the enormity of building your hopes and dashing them, it’s extreme. "Grace was my miracle baby, but then unfortunately my marriage broke up when she was five months [old]. "So that was a tricky one so I had a year of really digging deep, but then a year later I met Phil. "We were married after a year so that was two years since Gracie was born. "And then the last chance saloon, I always say it’s late night shopping just before the doors close, Winnie arrived. "So that was exciting and then we had Winnie." Unfortunately, Fern announced her split from Phil in January 2020 in a joint statement. It read: "After more than 20 happy years together, [we] have decided to go our separate ways. We will always share a great friendship and our lovely children. "We would appreciate it if our privacy is respected at this time. Thank you for your continued kindness and support."