Amazon could be months away from unveiling a brand new ereader which will come with a first-of-its kind feature for Kindles. According to eagle-eyed experts at Goodereader, sources have indicated that Amazon has a new Kindle in the works - that's potentially called the Kindle Scribe or Kindle Passage - which will offer note taking for the very first time. The rumoured 10.3inch Kindle will reportedly come with a stylus that will allow users to jot down notes, edit PDFs as well as draw on an E Ink screen. It's thought this entirely new Kindle could launch at some point in 2022 and will be a direct competitor to Kobo's Elipsa and Sage ereaders. Amazon typically unveils new Kindle devices around September, so if these rumours are true we could see the new book-reading gadgets unveiled in a few months' time. And this Kindle might not the only new model that the tech and retail giant is currently working on. While Amazon's Kindle has long cornered the ereader market, there is one feature that is missing from these devices but found on products from smaller makers. That's the ability to view ebooks in colour, and if you hunt around you can find plenty of ereaders that offer this next-gen feature. Products such as the Onyx Boox Nova 3 Color and PocketBook InkPad Color let users view ebooks such as comics and photography books in more than just black and white. This is thanks to these devices being fitted with E Ink screens that display thousands of different colours. However, these products are priced at a premium (over £320 for the PocketBook and around £450 for the Onyx) and reviews on these ereaders are mixed. So you may be holding out hope that Amazon or Kobo will launch their very own colour ereader in the future. And this has become more of a reality thanks to a recent announcement from E Ink. The ereader panel makers recently unveiled E Ink Gallery 3, a new colour screen that offers higher resolutions than past displays plus more responsive touch controls. This new panel also supports stylus inputs which will allow users to sketch or jot down notes. Amazon Kindle devices already use E Ink displays, so it wouldn't be a surprise to see future products from Amazon use this kind of tech. But with the big new Kindle for this year expected to feature note-taking, it seems that if a Kindle Colour is in the works it won't be launching within the next 12 months at least.