The Queen travelled to Scotland on Monday to mark the annual Holyrood Week - her annual Royal Week in Scotland. The week began with the Ceremony of the Keys when the Lord Provost presented Her Majesty with the keys of the city. Queen Elizabeth then returns them to Edinburgh's elected officials.  Usually the monarch inspects her Guard of Honour, although this year Prince Edward (known as the Earl of Forfar when in Scotland) represented his mother. For the ceremony, the Queen wore two brooches. According to the Instagram page British Royal Jewels, one of her jewelled badges depicted the Royal Regiment of Scotland. They said: “The badge is designed as the Saltire of St Andrew and the Lion Rampant of the Royal Standard of Scotland surmounted with by a crown with the regiment's motto ‘Nemo Me Impune Lacessit’ (No One Assails Me With Impunity).  “The Queen is the Regiment’s Colonel in Chief.” The Queen’s second brooch depicts The Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders, according to the fashion page. They added: “The Queen was named their Colonel in Chief when she turned 21, and later that year on a visit to Scotland it was reported in newspapers, ‘she received a replica of the regimental crest in diamonds and precious stones, the gift of all ranks of the regiment’. “‘I am very proud to possess this,’ she told him.  “Turning to Lieut. Mountbatten she remarked, ‘it is lovely, isn’t it?’ “This regiment was originally formed as Princess Louise’s Highlanders in 1881, their Colonel in Chief being Queen Victoria’s daughter Princess Louise. “The badge features the double L cypher of Princess Louise surmounted by a coronet, a boar's head (from the crest of the Argyll’s), and a cat (from the crest of the Sutherland’s) in a wreath of thistles. “The badge was designed by Princess Louise.”  READ MORE: Glastonbury sparks frenzy as fans spot 'Queen' in the crowd Replicas of this brooch are still on sale for £1,850. Royal fans took to social media to comment on the Queen’s bedazzled brooches. Instagram user @monalisaestie said: “Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth looks beautiful as she tours Scotland wearing her jewelled badge.” Another fan, @riojuniperj commented: “She always looks beautiful.  “I love how every piece of jewellery she owns has sentimental value. “God bless Her Majesty.” The Queen paired her jewels with a radiating light blue ensemble. She wore a chic blue coat and matching hat over a floral dress. 