Inheritance tax is the levy which is charged on someone’s estate after they have passed away. A person’s estate can include their money, possessions and property. New data released today (June 23) on IHT has revealed that tax receipts are increasingly rising higher than previous years. As of May 2022, the sum total of inheritance tax receipts has come to a staggering £564million. So far, IHT receipts for the first two months of the financial year add up to £1.1billion, which is £0.1billion higher than in the same period in 2021. Over the next five years, families are set to pay around £37billion in IHT which will put further stress on households in light of the cost of living crisis. This figure includes an additional £2.5billion following revised forecasts from the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) in March.  READ MORE: Nationwide increases interest rate to 5% on key account  The main reason families are being left with such a massive inheritance tax bill is due to the decision to freeze the nil rate band. This is the term used to describe the threshold above which inheritance tax is payable and it is currently fixed at £325,000. It will remain at this level for another four years, until April 2026, under existing Government plans. Stephen Lowe, a group communications director at retirement specialist Just Group, is warning families that they must take action now to avoid costly IHT bills in the future.  Mr Lowe explained: “While only a small proportion of people pay inheritance tax, the amount being paid has more than doubled in a decade from under £3billion to more than £6billion in 2021/22. “One reason is that the nil rate band – the size of the estate that can be left without paying any IHT – has been frozen at £325,000 since 2009. “If it had risen with the general rise in prices, it would be more than £100,000 higher today. “The monthly receipts data also shows that the phased introduction of the residential nil rate band between 2017/18 and 2020/21, an additional tax-free threshold for those leaving homes to children, has not stopped the continued rise in the amount of IHT being raised.” The tax expert also shared some insight to other reasons why IHT receipts are on the rise and gave advice on what people can do to mitigate their bill. He added: “Typically, the value of a residential property is the main reason why estates are pushed over the IHT thresholds and the recent house price boom across the UK means many people could be approaching or surpassing the threshold without realising. “However, there are options available such as lifetime mortgages that can help people pass on that wealth while still alive to see the positive effect it can have on loved ones. “Professional, regulated advice can help people across the UK work out how their property may impact their estate planning and consider how the wealth tied up in bricks and mortar can help people meet their goals in later life, whether to use that wealth to boost consumption in retirement or to bequeath it in a tax-efficient manner.” Lisa Spearman, a partner in the Private Client Tax team at Mercer and Hole, added: “The sharp increase in IHT receipts is due to a combination of rising property values and frozen thresholds, meaning more estates face a perhaps unexpected bill. “It is not easy to see anything changing in the foreseeable future other than ever more estates being drawn into the Inheritance Tax net. “As a result, it is more important than ever to make sure you understand your estate and what your heirs may have to deal with. “It is entirely possible that there are planning opportunities you can take now which will reduce the overall liability.”