Gogglebox cast members Mary Killen and her husband Giles Wood regularly entertain viewers on the Channel 4 show. The on-screen star previously admitted enjoying a few glasses of wine was one of the joys in her life but that suddenly changed four years ago. Mary caught campylobacter food poisoning, which she says left her feeling repulsed by alcohol. She suffered a five-day bout of food poisoning, which she believed was brought on by eating "grubby" vegetables from the garden. The Spectator author was forced to undertake a course of antibiotics to control her symptoms. In the past, she enjoyed having wine, but she's given the habit up because the illness made her feel repulsed by booze. READ MORE: 'Smoke and mirrors' Ben Shephard addresses break from ITV show Mary explained: "Immediately afterward, I found I couldn’t face alcohol. "I remember going to a house party on the Isle of Mull a short time later. "All sorts of wonderful wines were being served and I couldn’t touch any of them." She continued to the Daily Mail: "It made me recoil — reminding me of when I was pregnant with our two daughters, both of whom are now in their 20s. "It has completely lost its appeal. I don’t even like the smell of it." Campylobacteriosis is an infection caused by bacteria you can get from contaminated food and water. The most common symptoms of this form of food poisoning include diarrheoa, vomiting, stomach pains, cramps, and fever. Mary has said that she can no longer drink anything harder than lemonade. DON'T MISS... Our Yorkshire Farm's Clive Owen, 67, sparks concern after Amanda split[LATEST]Romeo Beckham's girlfriend Mia wows in lace as she attends event solo [PICTURES]Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux[INSTAGRAM] The reality star went on to recall another occasion she went off alcohol - most notably during her pregnancies and in 1999 after a bout of Legionnaires’-related pneumonia (caused by the Legionella bacterium). Following the incident, it took Mary up to 10 years to consider drinking alcohol again. "I don’t know if it was physiological or psychological, but I couldn’t face it," Mary added to the same publication. The Channel 4 star is happy to stick with alcohol-free beverages as she remarked on having a much "clearer head" after ditching wine. While she struggles to taste alcohol nowadays, Mary admitted that "drinking takes up too much time". Mary and Giles joined Gogglebox in 2015. They quickly became fan favourites thanks to their eccentricities and their "nutty" nickname for each other. Celebrity Gogglebox airs tonight on Channel 4 at 9pm. 