  Ozzy Osbourne plans to renew his wedding vows with wife Sharon Osbourne to celebrate their 40 years of marriage, according to reports. This news comes after the rocker went under life-changing surgery earlier this week.      Ozzy, 73, had a difficult operation on Monday to adjust pins inserted into his neck and spine following a near-fatal ATV crash in 2003 and subsequent fall in 2013. Sharon, 69, flew out to Los Angeles from London to support her husband. The Black Sabbath singer has struggled with various health concerns, including Parkinson’s disease, but despite that it has been said he is determined to exchange his wedding vows with Sharon once more. It will mark 40 years since they first got married.     Ozzy reportedly wants the romantic ceremony to take place in Maui, the Hawaiian where they tied the knot in July 1982. A source close to the musician said: “Ozzy may have been waiting on getting his neck and back sorted after extended leg pain, which has left him unable to walk for long periods. “But while that has been his hope, he always wants to treat Sharon to something special for their 40th. “They renewed their vows in Vegas, but he hoped to fly them to Maui for a break to recall their big day.      “He hopes that his recovery will be short and nerve damage will be removed so that he can treat his wife. “Ozzy may have gone through the mill in recent years, but his spirit and desire to show Sharon how much their love burns bright remains,” the source told The Mirror. Express.co.uk has contacted a representative of the Osbournes for further comment. Sharon and Ozzy previously renewed their vows in 2017 in Las Vegas, after it emerged he had been unfaithful to his wife. READ MORE... Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux  [UPDATE] Johnny Depp warns fans to 'remain cautious' after Amber Heard trial [LATEST] Victoria Beckham sends warning to David amid time away on Father's Day [NEWS]      At the time, he said: “For me, this was actually our real wedding day. “This is the one that I will remember. “Sharon and I have been through so much, and this honestly feels like a new beginning.” Addressing his infidelity, the singer also shared at the time: “I made a huge mistake.      “Without Sharon, I am nothing. I love her. I can honestly say that I have never loved anybody other than my wife.” On Wednesday, Ozzy took to Twitter to share a health update with his fans following his operation. “I am now home from the hospital recuperating comfortably,” he wrote. “I am definitely feeling the love and support from all my fans and send everyone a big thank you for their thoughts, prayers and well wishes during my recovery.” Sharon and Ozzy share three children: Aimee, 38, Kelly, 37, and Jack, 36.   