The Queen's cousin, Prince Richard made a surprise appearance with other royals for the exclusive balcony appearance at Trooping the Colour this year. While he has been a working royal for several decades, sad circumstances led to Richard inheriting the Duke of Gloucester title in the first place. In 1944, Prince Richard of Gloucester was born to the Queen's uncle, Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester. Prince Henry was the fourth child of King George V and Queen Mary, and he was created the Duke of Gloucester in 1928 by his father. Henry married Lady Alice Montagu Douglas Scott in 1935, later Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester, and the pair had two children: Prince William of Gloucester and Prince Richard of Gloucester. READ MORE: Kate's 'hands-on' and 'nurturing' parenting style shown  Prince William was the heir apparent to his father's title, but heartbreak struck the Gloucester family upon William's unexpected death in 1972. William died aged 30 in an air accident while piloting his plane in a competition. So when Prince Henry died two years later, his second son Prince Richard inherited his Duke of Gloucester title. Before he entered royal life, Richard worked as an architect, having studied the subject at Cambridge.  Architecture, along with conservation and health, is now a key part of Richard's royal work. The Queen invited a select few to join her on the Buckingham Palace balcony this year for the Platinum Jubilee edition of her birthday parade and, as a working member of the Royal Family, Prince Richard was one of three of the Queen's cousins who were extended an invitation. The Duke, who was pictured standing alongside his wife Birgitte, the Duchess of Gloucester, is known to have a close relationship with the Queen. This week alone, Richard is scheduled to visit the Potteries Museum and Art Gallery, the YMCA North Staffordshire and the Port Vale Foundation Trust in Stoke-on-Trent on behalf of the monarch, straight off the back of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry 'were very worried' about reaction to return [ANALYSIS]Andrea Bocelli on Jubilee performance 'Milestone exceeded expectation' [INSIGHT]Prince Louis ‘on a real sugar high’ as he pulled faces at Kate [PICTURES]  The Duke of Gloucester title has strong royal connections and it has officially been created on five occasions in the past. The most famous holder was perhaps Richard Plantagenet, the brother of King Edward IV, who would later become King Richard III. He was the last king to die in battle when he was killed at Bosworth in 1485, and he is the main character of William Shakespeare's famous play, Richard III.  The next to inherit the Duke of Gloucester title is Alexander Windsor, Prince Richard's eldest child, who is currently styled as the Earl of Ulster. As Alexander is not eligible for a royal title in his own right, he will not be styled as His Royal Highness like his father is. Instead, he will become His Grace The Duke of Gloucester, and he will not be a working member of the Royal Family. 