Christian Eriksen has been linked with a move to Manchester United following his incredible return to football with Brentford last season. And United legends Paul Scholes and Gary Neville have already said they'd like to see him at Old Trafford. Eriksen's return to elite football has been fantastic, when many feared that he'd never play again after suffering a cardiac arrest during Euro 2020. Brentford gave the Denmark international an opportunity when seemingly no one else would, and Eriksen starred for the Bees during a six-month stint in west London. But now interest has peaked, and with Tottenham, Newcastle and United all interested, it's looking more likely that Eriksen won't re-sign with Brentford. With United needing midfielders, it's been suggested that United could push to sign Eriksen on a free, and the former Ajax star could thrive under Erik ten Hag. And club legends Neville and Scholes have already backed a move in the past. Back in 2019, Eriksen wanted out of Tottenham, and the midfielder finally got his move when Antonio Conte signed him for Inter Milan in 2020. United were also interested at the time, and it excited both Neville and Scholes. JUST IN: What Ten Hag and Eriksen have said about transfer amid Utd interest Despite Eriksen being accused by some pundits for not giving his all towards the end of his time at Tottenham, Neville said after watching the star face Liverpool in 2019: "They'll (United) take him tomorrow. I think he'd improve Man Utd. "What you see with Eriksen is he can look disinterested, but when he moves to a bigger club he can switch it on again. Will Man Utd take him, with PSG take him, will Real Madrid take him, on a free - yes." DON'T MISS Man Utd 'make offer to Eriksen' as De Jong back-up plan takes shape Man Utd haven’t ruled out ‘quick De Jong signing’ as details emerge What Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag said when asked about Pogba contract And the possibility for a free transfer has presented itself almost three years later, and Scholes would also back a potential move. Scholes admitted back in 2019 that he was "excited" when hearing the links between Eriksen and United. "I was quite excited when Christian Eriksen got mentioned," Scholes told BBC Sport. "He could have made a big difference to United in the way [Kevin] De Bruyne plays for City, creating chances and scoring goals." But despite the recent links, Eriksen has confirmed that he will take time over deciding his future, and will not be rushed into any decision. "No, and they know that too," Eriksen told reporters, as per Bold.dk. "There are many criteria and many different things inside such a decision. Sometimes it goes fast in football, other times a little slower. You are not in control of it yourself. "I have to make the best decision and not rush anything through. My phone stays on, but I also know my agent well enough to know that he only calls if there's something exciting."