EastEnders viewers have seen the relationship between Kim (played by Tameka Empson) and Howie (Delroy Atkinson) on the up and down after he admitted he had feelings for her. Despite the revelation, the pair have been in contact ever since, and official spoilers see the pair get even closer as he moves in with her but are his intentions true? In upcoming scenes, Kim is surprised to see Howie talking to Martin Fowler (James Bye), but things end badly when Howie trips over Kim’s bag. Trying to save the day, Kim rushes Howie to A&E, however, with an injured leg, he makes it clear that he does not want her help. Feeling bad about the incident, Kim insists that she wants him to move in with her while he recovers. Will he take the offer knowing she shut him down? READ MORE: Hunniford in savage Meghan swipe upon Jubilee return Or will Howie begin to wear Kim down, tricking her into falling in love with him? Looking back at his past, Howie hasn't had the best track record, so will Kim be able to trust him in her home? Howie first appeared in Walford last year when Kim discovered he had taken the identity of her missing husband, Vincent Hubbard (Richard Blackwood). Kim didn't seem to appear to be too keen on him when he first showed up, but Howie continued to try and show Kim kindness He ended up delivering some Christmas presents for her kids and even offered her a job promoting a product online for a local business. Kim was also having issues with paying for her daughter Pearl's (Arayah Harris-Buckle) school fees, but he soon encouraged her to apply for a scholarship. Patrick Trueman (Rudolph Walker) comments that Howie must have a crush on Kim, but she initially brushes the thought off. However, the idea stays with her, and so she decides to ask Howie outright, to which he revealed his true intentions, leaving her stunned and Howie embarrassed. DON'T MISS...EastEnders theory: Suki Panesar falls victim to Ash in revenge plot [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Exit for Bobby Beale as he reunites with Dana [THEORY]Camilla's body language has a 'glow up' on EastEnders - 'In touch' [LATEST] Speaking about Kim finally discovering the truth about Vincent last year, actress Tameka shared that she enjoys being able to play a more serious side to Kim. She explained she hopes fans will "feel Kim's pain and that they will champion her to get justice for Vincent". "Finding out the truth and getting justice is the last thing she needs to do because Vincent was the love of her life. "It was nice to play a different side. I like comedy, but I do like drama and get gritty. I hope the audience will like this side to Kim," she told Metro.co.uk. Fans of the show are convinced that Howie is looking to start a relationship with Kim for financial gain. User FrecklesLover9 started a thread and asked: "Does anyone else think that Howie just wanted to take all of Kim's money? His criminal background does not sit right with me, and I feel there is something deeper he is hiding, anyone else agree?" CrazeMazeMan replied: "I was thinking the same thing!!! Kim needs to watch out what she tells him because he is defo there for more than his 'feelings'." ShanieManie added: "I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE. Can we just agree that Howie is bad news and our lovely Kim needs to stay away! She has the biggest heart but leaves her open to so much hurt!" EastEnders airs Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday from 7:30pm on BBC One.