  Dame Deborah James has admitted she “can’t comprehend” that she won’t live to see her son become a father. She shared the poignant confession ahead of an emotional Father’s Day tomorrow.     Deborah, 40, who is receiving end-of-life care, described her father Alistair as her “unsung hero” as she prepared to celebrate Father’s Day with him tomorrow. She also became emotional at the thought of not being around to see her son welcome children of his own. “It's too hard to think about, the idea I won’t see my son as a father,” she admitted. She also praised her “incredible” husband Sebastian Bowen, who is father to their children Hugo, 14 and Eloise, 12. READ MORE: Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux    Speaking about the men in her life, Deborah continued: “I can’t stop crying. I’m incredibly lucky, it’s hard to put it all into words. “For me, this year it’s about my dad and Seb, but it’s also about the men in my life who will hopefully one day be fathers too, my son and brother. “I can’t really comprehend the fact I won’t be here to see that. It breaks me." She added that the most important thing for her now is knowing that her children will be "ok" when she is no longer with them.      Calling Seb a “great father”, she went on to clarify she had “no concerns” about her children, as they would “want for nothing”. She added in her interview with The Sun that she knows Sebastian will always shower the children with love. Discussing her relationship with her own father, she admitted she “hadn’t always been one” to tell her father how much she loves him. However, she went on to share the advice to “say it” because “you never know when it might be your last chance”. READ MORE... Holly Willoughby shares makeup free selfie as she dons white bikini [PICTURES] George Michael ended Martin and Shirlie Kemp's US move amid argument [NEWS] ‘Everyone makes mistakes!’ Chris Packham defends Springwatch blunders [NEWS]      Deborah gained a huge fanbase back in 2016, when she was diagnosed with stage three bowel cancer at the age of 35. Last month, she broke the heartbreaking news that she was being moved to hospice-at-home care. After being told she had just days to live, The You, Me and The Big C podcast host has thrown herself into fundraising. Deborah’s Bowel Babe fund, which donates money to various cancer charities, has now reached a staggering £6.7million.      After sharing her heartbreaking diagnosis, Deborah was honoured with a damehood after raising an incredible £4million for charity in just a few days. The Queen's honours are usually announced as part of the New Year Honours or the Queen's Birthday Honours, but they are occasionally given at other times in exceptional circumstances. Prime Minister Boris Johnson said in a statement: "If ever an honour was richly deserved, this is it. “Deborah has been an inspiration and her honesty, warmth and courage has been a source of strength to so many people. “Through her tireless campaigning and by so openly sharing her experience she has not only helped in our fight against this terrible disease, she has ensured countless others with the Big C have not felt alone.”  