According to the Government data, Covid cases have increased by 31.6 percent in the week ending on June 23. Here’s the “top” sign, recorded across 82 percent of the ZOE app contributors. /latest/coronavirus From an intense workout to a full-on work schedule, there could be plenty of triggers for tiredness. However, ZOE explains that fatigue is also a “less well-known” symptom of Covid. In fact, the health app states that 82 percent of its contributors experienced this “early” sign. Fatigue has been also singled out as a “more common” symptom of Covid compared to the traditional three. READ MORE: Diabetes symptoms: Sign around the eyes that could signal diabetic kidney disease  In case you’re not aware, the traditional symptoms of Covid are thought to be fever, cough and loss or change in taste and smell. While fatigue could be a common problem for many, the Covid kind isn’t the “same”. ZOE explains: “Fatigue in COVID-19 is not the same as normal feelings of being tired or sleepy. “It’s a type of extreme tiredness or feeling wiped out that persists despite resting or getting a good night's sleep.” This sign might crop up after small tasks and feel limiting in your day-to-day life. From struggling to walk up the stairs to getting out of bed, Covid fatigue can be present throughout various tasks. This coronavirus symptom is also associated with “brain fog”, which describes a sluggish mind that struggles to concentrate. Although fatigue is also considered to be a symptom of long Covid, ZOE shares that it’s also an “early” symptom of the initial infection. READ MORE: High blood pressure: Too little of certain foods means 'sodium can build up' in your blood Tiredness usually appears within the first week of illness, lasting for five to eight days on average. However, this sign can persist for much longer, pointing to long Covid. Even though fatigue is less common in children, this sign can strike down at any age. Due to the vagueness of this symptom, ZOE explains it might point to various problems. It states: “It’s important to remember that feeling more tired than usual is common when you’re fighting off any infection, not just coronavirus. “And many of us have also seen dramatic changes to our lives including our routines, how we work, and look after children and older relatives, which may also affect how tired we feel.” Fortunately, there are also other Covid symptoms that could help you identify the culprit. According to the NHS, the virus can cause: