David Beckham enjoyed some downtime away from his wife Victoria Beckham as he took to Instagram and shared his love of motorbikes. While the former professional footballer did some filming, the former Spice Girl dined out in Beverley Hills with her eldest son Brooklyn Beckham and his new wife Nicola Peltz. On Wednesday, the 47-year-old former footballer opened up about his decision to take time away and travel, as he explained he "loves the feeling of freedom" and spending time with his friends in new surroundings. Victoria's husband posted a video to his Instagram account  - that also served to promote his own line of fragrances - where he was interviewed while taking a break from his most recent adventure. When asked why he loves motorbikes, David replied: "Freedom. Clear your head, it's all you have to think about. "You're out in the open. Especially when you're in the US and you're riding through the canyons. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly, 62, causes stir as she unveils secret procedure  "Different temperatures you have different smells. Being with friends, you know, even when you break down, you don't care.  He continued: "Our last ride, we broke down and we were literally in a trailer park for seven hours. And the one guy that was there, had the part that we needed, or he could get the part in a few hours.  "So we just sat with this guy, we didn't know him. We had lunch, we waited for the part to arrive, then we moved on."  The post included the hashtags #GoExplore and #DavidBeckhamFragrances.    It is not clear when the video was filmed but the clip has received over one million views. Fans flocked to comment on the post as they flooded David's comment section. Ari Wimbley remarked: "Don’t ever let anyone dull your sparkle." Lucy Riveria gushed: "Fantastic!" while Rachid added: "Awesome David." DON'T MISS... Meghan and Harry praised as royals urged to quit 'petty squabbles'[LATEST]Madonna's daughter Lourdes mimics mum with sultry pose in leotard[PICTURES]Emmerdale's Zoe Henry reacts as husband Jeff Hordley 'accosted'[TV] Meanwhile, Victoria was pictured stepping out for dinner on Tuesday night with her son Brooklyn Beckham and his wife Nicola Peltz. The fashion designer, 48, headed to Matsuhisa Restaurant in Beverly Hills for a spot to eat with the eldest of her brood Brooklyn, 23, and his new actress wife, 27. The mum-of-four cut a casual figure in a pair of tight-fitting flared jeans which she teamed with a low-key grey T-shirt. She added a black cap and wore dark sunglasses to shield her eyes despite it being an evening outing. Victoria carried a quilted black leather bag with her and her phone in the other hand as she headed into the swanky eatery. Brooklyn and Nicola were later seen leaving in a separate car, with the chef in the front seat wearing a dark jacket and white shirt. It comes after the young couple recently exchanged their vows in a star-studded wedding. Last week, David and his wife Victoria were seen in the UK as they took part in the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, hosting a special lunch for the occasion.