There is concern at the top of Government that not all drivers are benefiting from the 5p cut in fuel duty. When it now costs around £100 to fill up a car there is the real danger that households will not be able to access vital services because they will be marooned at home. Yes, the war in Ukraine and other factors are pushing up costs, but there will be outrage if evidence of predatory pricing emerges from the CMA investigation. Many people living in rural areas suffer from low incomes but are dependent on cars to get to schools, shops and medical appointments. A social disaster awaits if only well-off households are able to run a car. Our polling last week revealed that seven out of 10 people wantVAT axed on fuel. Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng certainly deserves to be applauded for commissioning the CMA review, but it is imperative that the Treasury and Downing St should be considering genuinely radical measures. ------------------------------------ Much of Britain's response to the Ukraine crisis has been admirable. We have helped arm the country's forces and sanctioned Russia's super-rich. But it is deeply frustrating that too many families have been unable to open their homes to young refugees due to the vagaries of the UK's visa scheme. A couple in Swindon would love to welcome sisters Marta and Yaroslava Varava into their lives but have been thwarted by red tape. It is understood that Yaroslava cannot come to the UK because she is just shy of her 18th birthday and technically a minor. Former Justice Secretary Robert Buckland says he "cannot see any sane reason why these two young women should not be given sanctuary in this country". Britain should not let bureaucratic inertia stop British families offering safety and shelter to people in wartime. ------------------------------------ Dan Jarvis, a veteran of the Parachute Regiment who is now on the frontline of politics as an MP, fears that the Falklands conflict is "at risk of becoming a forgotten war". He is worried by research showing "more than a quarter of people aged 18 to 24 had never heard of the conflict". The intensity of the fighting is seared on the memories of those who took part and, four decades on, it is essential that the country honours the courage and sacrifice of the Falklands veterans. Rightly, the country commemorates landmark anniversaries from the World Wars. But the stories of all who have served their nation with valour should be told to each new generation.