Someone who shares a hold of the purse strings is insisting on you accounting for every penny you spend. They seem worried about the way you have been splashing out lately without thinking. You feel annoyed by their dictatorial attitude, especially when you are doing your best to be careful with joint resources. It feels like too much of a bother to try to break patterns you have fallen into in your everyday life. Jobs you had hoped would be over with by now continue to need your attention. You know it would be good to make some changes, but this is going to take planning and effort. Take those steps now while you are thinking about it. It may not be too late to end an arrangement that isn’t working for you. There may be some loss associated with you pulling out, but it will leave you free to pursue other interests and give you peace of mind. You should not continue with anything that is causing you unhappiness.  There’s something secretive in the air. This may relate to romance or a business relationship. Your sense of intuition is powerful, and you have an almost uncanny ability to sense what people are thinking and feeling. Acting on a hunch will bring money or romantic luck your way. You will prefer to continue with some jobs on your own as you just aren’t in the mood to explain things or to wait for other people to catch up with you. It shouldn’t be challenging to come up with a reasonable excuse to get your own way in order to get specific tasks out of the way. You’re thinking of plans you want to get started on to bring about a long term objective. You need to let those who are close to you know what you are considering. If they are made aware of your thoughts, they will feel more prepared for changes that are ahead.  Don’t be in too much of a rush to get things done. Trying to save time by cutting corners will create tension with your boss and senior colleagues. The last thing you want is an argument with anyone. Think before you speak and look before you leap. Joining forces with someone you trust who shares similar aims and ambitions will be an ideal solution to fulfilling your dreams. A new phase in your family life is unfolding, and this change of circumstances will bring you happiness. Some inside information could add to your financial security. Someone whose skills were needed drops out of a group project. A lot of time and effort has been put into laying the foundations. You won’t be happy, but you will find a way to continue, and you will be determined that those who have let you down don’t get to share the rewards.  A housemate or workmate is keen to try a new approach to old routines. You aren’t so inclined, and you should trust your own judgement on these matters. Any changes suggested are likely to create chaos out of order, and in turn, this will cause your anxiety levels to rise. Stick with the tried and tested. You’re aware of the good opportunities around you, and you are determined to take advantage while you can. You have plenty of initiative, and you want to get ahead in the world. This will mean you are prepared to get rid of some hang-ups that could reverse your progress. You will get a lot of pleasure putting your imagination to work to change or beautify your surroundings. Your priority will be to put time into anything that needs a creative touch, and that’s why you will get the more mundane matters of the day out of the way as soon as possible. 