Our automated friends are learning "toxic" opinions via the natural language of the people who create them, thinking, for example, that all women are homemakers, black men are criminals and latinos are janitors (don't write in - I'm just reporting what was said). Great. As if we women weren't already patronised enough, along comes another entity to put us in our place: "Robot, make me a cup of tea." "Shouldn't you be doing that, Virginia? It's not as if you have a job to do!" "Robot, pay my credit card bill." "My, we've certainly been spending a little too much on clothes recently, mm? Don't you already have three black dresses? What do you need another for?" "Robot, choose a book for me to read." "Here you are, Virginia. This one has a lovely pink cover because I know how much you girls love your chick-lit! I chose The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire for your husband, by the way." "Robot, cook supper. Roast beef followed by chocolate cake." "Are you sure that's wise, Virginia? You should be eating less meat to save the planet and as for the cake, I don't want to be personal, but we've put on a few pounds recently, mm?" "Robot, clean the house." "You know, Virginia, housecleaning is a very good form of exercise. And I'm in the middle of a discussion with your husband about the geopolitical implications of raised tensions over Taiwan clashing with the border disputes between China and Kashmir, all at a time when the global economy is being rocked by the sabre-rattling aspirations of large swathes of the East. "But don't worry your pretty little head about that. And don't forget to dust under the stairs!" Or perhaps the new breed of robots will turn out not to be just racist and sexist but like Hal in the film 2001, who, to be honest, I always found a little bit smug. After all, these robots will not just be able to talk down to us: they will be able to operate in extreme temperatures, both hot and cold, will never need to sleep or rest, will never have a bad hair day, get too fat for their favourite outfit or experience existential doubt about their ultimate place in the universe. And judging by some recent news reports, they're also going to be better looking than us. Intolerable. Someone pass me a watering can. The younger generation get a lot of stick (much of it deserved) for being snowflakes but there are still some outstanding examples of exceptional bravery, and Folajimi Olubunmi- Adewole, known as Jimi, is one. Seeing a woman drowning in the Thames, Jimi, 20, jumped into the river with the words "We've got to save her, she's not dying" and then perished himself in the process. Nothing can heal the pain his family must feel but I hope they gain one tiny bit of comfort that he died utterly heroically. And what an amazing role model for all young men. Brad Pitt seems a bit down in the dumps at the moment: he's said he's in the "last leg" of his career and has suffered from low-level depression for years. Get a grip, man. You remain handsome, had a career most thesps would trade in their cheekbones for, have millions in the bank and homes all over the world. Your ex Angelina Jolie might no longer be your greatest fan, but gazillions of women are queuing up to throw themselves at you. Brad also gave up drinking in 2016, despite part-owning a vineyard, which might be the real reason for the melancholia. Maybe put the winery on the market and the marriage behind you, Brad? I love the United States: I lived there until I was 13. But I will never understand the mindset. On the one hand, it says the sanctity of life is such that women are not allowed to abort what are essentially a few cells no matter what the circumstances (every abortion is a tragedy, but sometimes a necessary one). And yet mentally ill teens have no problem in buying a gun capable of slaughtering a whole schoolroom in minutes. Absolute madness. Inexplicable, too. She's never exactly been an obvious role model but at one point she certainly seemed to have made something of herself. She once boasted about having no debt, including a mortgage, and seemed to have found her happy ever after in Peter Andre, although that crashed and burned quite a while ago. She had successful career as an author, even if she didn't write the books, and her favourite pastime was horse riding, of all totally wholesome things. But look at her now: another two husbands on, bankrupt, reported to the police for a second alleged breach of a restraining order after foul-mouthed rants at her ex's fiancée - and that's not to mention the fact that she's in danger of turning into a freak after all that plastic surgery. Is there no one who can save her from herself? For Covid-related reasons the Treasury has a stake in Killing Kittens, a sex party planning business set up by a schoolfriend of Kate Middleton. Should we be surprised? From what we hear of the private lives of some MPs, they're quite as likely to be clients as shareholders. At least it's a change from being caught "walking the dog" in the middle of the night in some notorious dogging spot?