Dame Arlene Philips, 79, has spoken up about her arrival during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee pageant. The choreographer explained she upset Twiggy as her car “blew smoke” into the model’s car as they were driven down the Mall on Sunday.  A group of Dames, which also included Prue Leith, Joan Collins and Darcey Bussell, took part in the event yesterday in Jaguars.  The star, speaking on Good Morning Britain this morning, explained that her vehicle was “belching out” black smoke, to the disdain of other guests.  She said that the black smoke was going straight into Twiggy’s car which was directly behind Arlene’s.  Arlene added that Twiggy was upset by this, as the smoke made it “hard to breathe and smile”. READ MORE: Patriotic Kate Moss, 48, wears Union Jack ensemble for Jubilee She explained that Twiggy emailed her asking it to stop, meaning that the car had to pull over and let Twiggy’s car pass by. Dame Arlene said: “There were seven Dames in Jags. “My Jag was absolutely belching out black smoke, which was going straight into Twiggy’s car which was behind me. “She was really upset. It was hard to breathe and smile - it was really blowing on her.  “So she emailed and said this has to stop. We had to pull over.  “Then Twiggy’s car overtook and off we went again.”  It comes after the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations took place over the weekend.  The jubilations saw various events which Royal Fans could attend. DONT MISS: Eamonn Holmes reacts to praise over 'chemistry' with GB News co-host (PHOTOS)Amanda Holden, 50, dares to go braless in dress on chilly London day (NEWS)David Beckham sends alluring message to wife Victoria while topless (LATEST) They included Trooping The Colour, a flypast, and a star-studded concert outside Buckingham Palace alongside thousands of street parties. Arlene and Twiggy weren’t the only celebrities to have issues with their vehicles during the pageant. Disaster struck and Dame Prue Leith’s Jaguar broke down, meaning she had to be pushed by a group of men. Speaking after the humorous incident, the Bake Off judge told MailOnline: “I'm so embarrassed – of all the places to break down!.” Lucy Davenport, 27, whose husband's family restored and own the car, said: “It was the longest five minutes of my life.” The Bake Off star and her husband John Playfair had cut short a holiday to attend the Pageant, but Lucy said the veteran cook was “very nice” about the whole incident. Dame Prue, 82, was also seen laughing off the break down and continuing to wave enthusiastically to the crowd as the vehicle stopped during Jubilee celebrations outside Buckingham Palace. The vintage car had to be pushed away and removed quietly from the pageant by four stewards.