The President's centrist Ensemble coalition, which wants to raise the retirement age to further deepen European Union integration, had been on course to win the most seats in Sunday's legislative elections. But in a major setback, Emmanuel Macron lost control of the National Assembly in a move that could see France gripped by political paralysis unless he is able to negotiate alliances with other parties. While Ensemble secured the largest number of lawmakers in the 577-seat National Assembly, it still fell well short of the threshold required for an absolute majority. Final figures showed Mr Macron's centrist camp won just 245 seats - 44 short of the 289 needed for an absolute majority. Ms Le Pen's far-right National Rally party won its biggest ever representation in the lower house while the left-wing bloc Nupes, headed by the hard-left Jean-Luc Melenchon will form the largest opposition force. Academic and author of the book 'National Populism', tweeted: "The Macron Effect is now crystal clear.  "Lowest turnout in Fifth Republic. Largest seats for populist right since WW2. Record result for populist left. "Le Pen & Mélenchon now mainstream. Old parties imploded. Polarisation on steroids. "Everybody p***ed off. Thanks Liberal Centrists." It's a devastating setback for the French President, who has long wanted to deepen France's integration into the EU and raise the retirement age - a move that has continued to infuriate French voters. READ MORE: Ukraine: Putin activates '50 sleeper agents' in attacks on UK The result from Sunday's legislative elections now throws huge doubt over how things will unfold. Mr Macron must now quickly find a solution, which includes forming a ruling coalition or leading a minority Government that has to enter into talks with opponents on a bill-by-bill basis. But if no deal can be thrashed out, the Eurozone's second-biggest economy faces the prospect of being thrown into turmoil. This leaves Mr Macron with the prospect of calling a snap election to break the political deadlock. DON'T MISS'Total collapse' Macron humiliated as his party loses Parliament [LATEST]Macron FAILS to win outright majority but beats left-wing and Le Pen [REPORT]Le Pen 'surge' as right-winger expected to make 'major gains' [ANALYSIS] Jean-Luc Melenchon has urged France's far-left leaning countries which jointly campaigned as the Nupes alliance for Sunday's election to form one group to become the second largest in the National Assembly after Mr Macron's centrists. The far-left veteran said on Monday his suggestion was mainly based on the far that, the far-left, communists, socialists and greens forming the Nupes would each have fewer members than the far-right Rassemblement National. French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire described the elections result as a "democratic shock" and warned if other parties don't cooperate, “this would block our capacity to reform and protect the French.” Prime Minister Elisabeth Borne said from today (Monday), Mr Macron's camp will look to form alliances, but also warned: "The result is a risk for our country in view of the challenges we have to face." But the legislative election results have been hailed by the far-left, with veteran Mr Melenchon telling cheering supporters on Sunday: "The rout of the presidential party is complete and there is no clear majority in sight." Left-wing Liberation called the result “a slap” for Mr Macron, and economic daily Les Echos labelled it “an earthquake.”  Mr Macron had only just secured a vital victory during the French Presidential elections in April, providing him with a huge boost in deepening the country's ties with the EU. The victory was all the more historic as he became the first French president in two decades to win a successive term, as voters rallied to keep Marine Le Pen and the far-right out of power. But Mr Macron has long been seen to be out of touch with voters, presiding over a deeply divided country where support for populist parties on the right and left has surged.