It’s been just over a month since Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness hit cinemas and the next MCU outing is now only a few weeks away. Thor: Love and Thunder follows Chris Hemsworth’s Asgardian god in the aftermath of Avengers Endgame. We last saw him jetting off into space at the conclusion of the Marvel epic with the Guardians of the Galaxy. From the first two trailers for Taika Waititi’s new movie, we see that Thor is back in shape and on a journey to find himself. That is until his ex, Natalie Portman’s Jane Foster, suddenly turns up unexpectedly wielding a reformed Mjölnir as the Mighty Thor. Not only this, but Christian Bale stars as the Marvel film’s villain Gorr the God Butcher on a mission to, well, butcher all the gods. The highly-anticipated comedy adventure isn’t released until next month, but the first reactions and review embargoes have been announced. Collider’s Editor-in-Chief Frosty tweeted: “The social media embargo for #ThorLoveAndThunder lifts Thursday, June 23rd at 9:30pm PT. Which is right after the world premiere in Los Angeles ends.” For UK fans that will be on Friday, June 24 at 5:30am BST, which is a good two weeks before the movie is released in cinemas. This suggests that Marvel Studios are feeling very confident about this one, but also that perhaps there aren’t any earth-shattering spoilers like in Doctor Strange 2 or Spider-Man: No Way Home. Nevertheless, this shouldn’t worry fans as rumour has it the movie is incredible. On top of this, the full reviews for Thor: Love and Thunder will arrive on July 5, three days before the film is released. This was confirmed by Fandango’s Erik Davis who tweeted: “IT’S OFFICIAL: The first reactions to #ThorLoveAndThunder will drop on June 23 at 9:30pmPT following the LA premiere. Full reviews drop July 5, and the film will play exclusively in movie theaters. Hearing AMAZING things…” Back in April, some internal test screening leaks reported very positive reactions to the film. DON'T MISSTom Hardy’s Venom 3 announced by Sony PLUS Ghostbusters 5 and more [VENOM 3]Guardians of the Galaxy Secret Cinema: ‘Mind-blowing MCU immersion’ [GUARDIANS]Thor Love and Thunder NEW LOOK plus Peter Dinklage teases Eitri return [THOR 4] According to reliable outlet Big Screen Leaks: “THOR: LOVE AND THUNDER test screened internally not too long ago and people LOVED it.” HZJoe similarly tweeted: “Thor love and thunder got a standing ovation in a test screening last night… Sorry, it wasn’t last night but the rest still applies.” If that wasn’t exciting enough, Waititi told Empire last year: “I’ve done some crazy s*** in my life. I’ve lived, like, 10 lifetimes. But it’s the craziest film I’ve ever done. If you wrote down all the elements of this film, it shouldn’t make sense.” Thor: Love and Thunder arrives in cinemas on July 8, 2022.