It is phenomenal that our 96-year-old head of state can spark joy in citizens of every age and background. The kingdom is united in respect for her life of spectacular service and in admiration for her values, and we are enchanted by her personality. Her vivacity shone from the balcony yesterday, as did the warmth of a great-grandmother who clearly delighted in Prince Louis’s excitement. The glorious pomp is not a throwback to a vanished era but part of the colour and glory of a country like no other. Her Majesty has taken us from the age of grandfather clocks to TikTok, and she has never once suggested that our best days are behind us. The enthusiasm with which she embraced video-conferencing when Covid put a stop to face-to-face meetings reminded us that despite the weight of tradition she is one of the most versatile figures in public life. No other nation has a figurehead like the Queen. Other states have a cavalcade of presidents and premiers who spin into the limelight and then vanish, often with their foibles exposed; but the Queen can inspire awe in the most ostentatious leaders with her quiet dignity and the clarity of her wisdom. The Jubilee is an opportunity to look at the country she has done so much to shape. The sensational array of puddings and tarts on display at street parties in the coming days and the many miles of bunting wrapped around our homes and gardens signal that we are an unashamedly quirky people who are delight in our eccentricities. It is no accident that the UK is the home of scientists who have the vision to rewire the future, musicians and moviemakers who mesmerise the world, and adventurers who take on challenges people in most countries would think nuts. For seven decades, the presence of the Queen on the world stage has reminded us of the uniqueness of our nation and the values we must defend. She has given us a lesson in indefatigability and this quality shines brightly among her people today. Whether we raise a glass of gin, rosé or beer, let us toast one another, as well as the Queen. If we could put our national spirit in a bottle it would be the ultimate energy drink. Thanks to Her Majesty’s leadership, the UK will be a force of courage, invention, compassion and sheer fun far, far into an exciting future.