 As part of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge visited Cardiff Castle in Wales on Saturday. The couple were unexpectedly accompanied by their two older children — Prince George, eight, and Princess Charlotte, seven — who walked alongside their parents and even accepted bouquets of flowers from well-wishers. At one point, the royals joined the orchestra on stage as they played Welsh icon Sir Tom Jones’ hit ‘Delilah’.  Their visit was particularly poignant for George, whose first official working visit to Wales mirrors his father’s when he was the same age. In March 1991, the Duke of Cambridge joined his parents — Diana, Princess of Wales and Prince Charles — on a visit to Cardiff to mark St David’s Day. The young prince received daffodils — the country’s national flower — from excited royal fans who had lined the streets outside Llandaff Cathedral to get a glimpse of the heir. Despite it being his first official outing, William appeared to have already mastered the art of a royal walkabout. He showed little trace of nerves as he accompanied his mother and father at a thanksgiving service for the cathedral’s restoration, and smiled, waved and eagerly accepted the dozens of daffodils presented to him. Diana and William then travelled to St David’s Hall for an entertainment show watched by an audience of 2,000 and hundreds more on a video screen outside. Then, the pair appeared on the hall’s balcony to pull the lever unveiling the symbol of the campaign to promote Cardiff worldwide — the mother-son duo were greeted by cheers from the huge crowd. After another walkabout in The Hayes, the Princess and William were driven away to RAF St Athans to meet 40 wives and parents of servicemen in the Gulf.  The Cambridges’ recent visit emphasises one of the key messages of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee — to not only honour the monarch’s 70-year reign, but also showcase the future of the monarchy. George and William will both one day be the Prince of Wales and will eventually be king. Royal blogger Gert’s Royals took to Twitter to highlight the significance of the visit, saying: “A bit of a monumental day, Prince George, the other future Prince of Wales, made his first official working visit to Wales.” It has previously been reported that George only recently found out about his kingly destiny.  In the updated version of his book ‘Battle of Brothers’, Robert Lacey claimed that George was told about his royal destiny when he was seven years old. He claimed William and Kate wanted to tell their son the truth to prevent him from finding out accidentally. Mr Lacey wrote: “William has not revealed to the world how and when he broke the big news to his son. "Maybe one day George will tell us the story himself. But sometime around the boy’s seventh birthday in the summer of 2020 it is thought that his parents went into more detail about what the little prince’s life of future royal 'service and duty' would particularly involve."  William supposedly desired a different introduction to duty for his eldest son, having found out about his own royal future when he started school. The Jubilee provided a perfect opportunity for the Duke of Cambridge to introduce George to life as a working royal while also representing the direct line of succession and future of the Royal Family. This message is expected to be reinforced on Sunday afternoon, when Prince Charles, William and George appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony with the Queen. According to the Daily Mirror, Her Majesty “wants the world to see the heartbeat of the family”.  A royal source told the publication: “Her Majesty believes it will send a strong message to the world, that despite the family’s trials and tribulations over the past few years, those at the very top are united in getting on with the job, sharing her sense of duty and dedication to serving the people of this country and the Commonwealth.” Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, the future Queens, may join their husbands for the special moment, as well as Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, four.