Lady Sarah Chatto, 58, is a member of the extended Royal Family and was in the Royal Box at Ascot yesterday as well as today. The only daughter of the late Princess Margaret made a sweet tribute to her mother through her jewellery. On Wednesday, June 15 Sarah wore her mother’s diamond and pearl drop earrings, plus a pearl necklace.  She paired these with gorgeous gem-set bracelets on each wrist. These accessories were used to match her pink ensemble. The pair of pearl and diamond earrings are especially meaningful to Sarah. Not only did Lady Sarah inherit the jewels from her mother, but she also chose to wear them at her 1994 wedding to Daniel Chatto.  The earrings came into the Royal Family's possession when Dame Margaret Greville, having no children of her own, left her entire jewellery collection to the Queen Mother after her death in 1942. Among the pieces in the collection was the Greville Emerald Kokoshnik Tiara that Princess Eugenie wore at her 2018 wedding. The Greville Tiara, a go-to for Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, was also a piece in the collection. Princess Margaret wore the diamond and pearl earrings on multiple occasions. Now they seem to be a favourite of Lady Sarah's. In fact, this was not the first time that Lady Sarah has worn the earrings to Royal Ascot. She also wore the jewels to the annual event in 2014. In addition to wearing them at her own nuptials, Lady Sarah opted to wear the earrings at the 2018 wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle.  In addition to their familial ties, Lady Sarah is one of Prince Harry's godmothers. Lady Sarah attended today’s Royal Ascot as well and was dressed elegantly once again. She rode in the carriage procession today, wearing her signature look. This consisted of a pleated skirt, cardigan jumper and picture hat.  Sarah added some lovely jewels to the look, including her diamond sunburst earrings and a pearl choker necklace with a diamond clasp. The clasp is hidden under her neckline. Just like yesterday, she wore her intriguing bracelets on both wrists. These seem like lovely antique pieces and look beautiful on the royal. Royal fan @A_Anderson3_3 tweeted: "I just love her and her cardis! "Always makes me smile." 