As the youngest of the Cambridge children, Prince Louis' outings in the royal spotlight have been fewer than that of his elder siblings Prince George and Princess Charlotte. But over the Queen's Platinum Jubilee weekend, Prince Louis appeared on the Buckingham Palace balcony for Trooping the Colour and in the audience at the Platinum Jubilee Pageant, and his fun-loving attitude evoked many a giggle from the Royal Family.  As the Jubilee celebrations kicked off on Thursday, Louis made many hilarious facial expressions as he watched the traditional RAF flypast from the Buckingham Palace balcony. At one point the royal little one was seen covering his ears as the sounds of the jets ripped through the sky, behaviour that even prompted an amused expression from his great-grandmother, the Queen. Louis' antics continued at the Platinum Jubilee Pageant as celebrations came to a close on Sunday. The royal was pictured pulling faces at the crowds and, at one point, covering his mum's mouth as she spoke to him. Some super sweet moments between mum and son were also witnessed at this event, with a very loving Louis seen lunging to hug his smiling mum.  READ MORE: Kate and William praised by Supernanny after Louis' Jubilee appearance While Louis certainly experienced a whirlwind of emotions, Kate looked delighted to be spending time with her younger son over the Jubilee weekend. Body language expert Judi James told Express.co.uk: "Kate clearly wanted the Jubilee to be a fun and joyful memory for her youngest child and that seemed to entail an emphasis on the smiling and playful responses rather than any telling offs. "Her style even looked slightly similar to the Tindall’s in this respect, with a lack of fussing, an ever-present offer of hugs and cuddles and a calmer approach to all the more spontaneous behaviours that can be natural when you’re only four years old." Ms James also highlighted how Kate has always had an adorable relationship with her youngest child since he was born in 2018.   She added: "Kate and Louis have always had the strongest of bonds with Kate keeping him especially close as a baby and toddler, carrying him on royal occasions with both mother and child always beaming happily. "She looked equally tuned into him and his changing behaviours [at the Jubilee] too, frequently beaming with pride or even laughing and joining in the fun when he was face-pulling. "She seemed to avoid any signs of anger or of bringing his Dad in to supply back up. "Kate suggested that, like the Tindalls, she aims to encourage and cherish her son’s sense of freedom and playfulness even though she will also be carefully nudging him into some of the rituals of royal life, too."  DON'T MISS:Kate and William praised by Supernanny after Louis' Jubilee appearance [INSIGHT]'She had enough' Princess Charlotte steps in to scold Prince Louis [ANALYSIS]‘Iconic as always!’ The many moods of Prince Louis in pictures [PICTURES] During the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, it was obvious that it is not only Kate who is a big fan of Prince Louis, as other royals looked besotted by him too. The Queen proved she is a dedicated great-grandmother as she chatted to Louis on the balcony during Trooping the Colour. At the Pageant, proud grandfather Prince Charles was seen cuddling and entertaining Louis as they watched the spectacle together. Mike Tindall, the rugby ace husband of Prince William's cousin Zara Tindall, was also seen hilariously gesturing that he was keeping an eye on Louis from his seat behind him. 