  Springwatch host Megan McCubbin has addressed the one habit of her nature expert stepdad, Chris Packham, that she was forced to live with during lockdown. The Springwatch presenter, 27, opened up about what it was like to move in with her stepdad, 61, and revealed the one habit she “had to put up with” in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk.      Megan, who has recently teamed up with Lovat Parks, spoke about the wondrous benefits of “connecting to our wild side” during the lockdown, as she tapped into her own love of wildlife while living in the New Forest with Chris. “I was locked down with Chris during that period, only because he lives in New Forest,” she mused. “If you're going to be locked down anywhere, it's quite nice to be in a green area. “And we can work side by side which turned out to be hugely beneficial for both of us,” she added.     Megan joined Springwatch in 2020 at the height of the pandemic and appeared on camera with Chris, who has presented the show since 2009. Speaking about living with Chris, she explained: “We know each other incredibly well. And we understand each other. “You know, he says we understand one another's limitations and boundaries. “So I can put up with him playing punk rock music until midnight dancing around the living room.      “And he can put up with me watching Friends on repeat and doing yoga in the living room, which he found rather amusing. Laughing, she continued: “Apparently he’d come in and see me and think what are you doing?!” “But yeah, we have a great respect for one another and a great relationship, so we had as good of a time as you could have in lockdown - I’m glad we locked down together.” Springwatch viewers have previously expressed their delight at seeing Chris and Megan’s effortless chemistry on screen thanks to their close relationship. READ MORE... Dean Martin made a multimillion fortune over his decades-long career [NEWS] Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [NEWS] Prince William was 'a little scared’ giving damehood to Sheila Hancock [NEWS]      “For me, it’s lovely - I’m just so grateful that everyone's been so welcoming to me on something like Springwatch, which people love so much,” Megan gushed. “I'm grateful that people are incredibly supportive, and they've given me that kind of opportunity.” Speaking about their rapport on the show, Megan said: “We have a great relationship with one another and we have a lot of fun. “I think we learn from each other in different ways. We really enjoy getting to work together - I don’t think it’s what either of us expected that we would be able to do.      “It's great fun. We're really great friends more than anything, so there's never a dull moment," she added. Megan has teamed up with Lovat Parks to reveal the ‘Big 5’ animals that can be spotted on our very own isles this summer in places like Cornwall, Norfolk and the New Forest. A report for the project by Professor Andrea Mechelli has shown getting back to nature can significantly reduce feelings of loneliness, and developing mental health problems such as depression and anxiety. In light of this, Megan is encouraging people to enjoy the stunning wildlife the UK has to offer for their own “physical and mental wellbeing”, as she unveils her unique list of breathtaking animals local to the British Isles. Megan McCubbin has identified the UK’s ‘Big 5’ summer wildlife wonders in collaboration with Lovat Parks, the UK’s first B-Corp certified holiday park, encouraging the nation to connect with their wild side this summer and explore the rich diversity of nature in the UK. Visit www.lovatparks.com/thebig5 for more info and to download Megan’s Map along with top tips for responsible wildlife spotting.   