Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has reportedly been promised six signings and handed £200million for a summer budget for a major spending spree. The Blues were taken over by Todd Boehly at the end of last month following the decision of their previous Russian oligarch owner Roman Abramovich to put the club on the market after he was sanctioned in the wake of his country’s invasion of Ukraine. Chelsea started last season in fine form as they kept pace with Manchester City and Liverpool at the top of the Premier League table. But their campaign ultimately fizzled out after they were landed with a whole host of restrictions due to Abramovich’s ownership. The Blues still managed to win the Club World Cup, however, and also reached the finals of the Carabao Cup and the FA Cup. And they will be confident of kicking-on next season. According to The Telegraph, Chelsea’s new owners have set Champions League qualification as their minimum target for their first season at the helm. And they are willing to bolster Tuchel’s £200m transfer kitty further through player sales. READ MORE: Man Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinations  Chelsea thrashed out a deal to allow Belgium striker Romelu Lukaku to return to Inter Milan on loan earlier this week. And Tuchel has held transfer summits with Boehly and key staff in recent days to finalise his team’s transfer plans. The German is keen to bolster his defence, with Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen set to leave Stamford Bridge when their contracts expire at the end of the month. And Juventus star Matthijs de Ligt and Sevilla ace Jules Kounde are said to be high on the west Londoners’ wishlist. They have also identified Raheem Sterling, Ousmane Dembele, Richarlison and Gabriel Jesus as players who can bolster their attack. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinationsMan Utd board 'in talks' over surprise first signing to kickstart Erik ten Hag eraWhat Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told Frenkie de Jong to spark dramatic transfer U-turn  “The key is to basically work with Tuchel to come up with the best players that are available,” a senior Chelsea source told the Telegraph. “We really want to make sure we have a good defence. We've got depth in midfield. We're not desperate for an out-and-out striker. “Fortunately, there's reasonable opportunities in the market right now in order to satisfy the fans' desire to be competitive. I think it's a combination of moves and there's five or six that we're going to look to make. “I think table stakes is Champions League qualification and then everything beyond that. Obviously with five substitutions coming, there's more and more opportunities for players to get minutes, which makes depth even more important.”  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here