Aymeric Laporte has cheekily showed his disappointment after not being included in the PFA Team of the Year. The ceremony took place on Thursday night and only three Manchester City players were included despite the club winning the league with 93 points. The yearly ceremony saw Phil Foden swoop the prize of young player of the year, while Mohamed Salah was crowned as player of the year. City had the inclusions of Bernardo Silva, Joao Cancelo and Kevin De Bruyne, in comparison to league runners-up Liverpool, who had six players named. Liverpool’s six named players were Alisson Becker, Trent Alexander-Arnold, Virgil van Dijk, Thiago Alcantara, Mo Salah and Sadio Mane. Golden Boot winner Son Heung-Min's snub also raised eyebrows, conisdering he bagged 23 goals without taking any penalties.   And Laporte clearly felt he deserved a spot in the team, as he took to social media to poke fun at the fact he was left out. First, he posted a picture showcasing his impressive stats from last season on his Instagram story.  READ MORE:    The stats posted included passing accuracy per 90 minutes, most completed passes in the league, only centre-back to have scored more goals than any other centre-back, most ‘last man’ tackles and most points in the Premier League history after his first 100 games. The Spanish international then posted a gif on Twitter showing Jose Mourinho's famous "I prefer really not to speak, if I speak – big trouble. Big trouble. And I don’t want to be in trouble." To show their support for Laporte, City then dropped a video on Twitter of the defender's best moments at the club last season. READ MORE Footballer fined after skipping £100 train fare despite four-figure weekly wage Five transfer options for Raheem Sterling as Chelsea made aware of Man City exit stance  City finished the season a single point clear of the Reds, scoring 99 goals along the way and recording the best defence in the league, conceding just 26 goals. They did come short on winning European silverware once again however, after getting knocked out of the semi-final by Real Madrid. Pep Guardiola, who is keen to avoid more heartbreak next season, will be hopeful that signing of Erling Haaland could be just the answer they need.