“If Boris goes, Brexit goes”, they scheme. Yes, that’s the brainchild of arch Europhiles and joint commanders in chief of the campaign to re-join the EU, Michael Heseltine and Lord Adonis. If we can prove that Boris couldn’t be trusted with his own lockdown rules, we can prove he can’t be trusted with his Brexit promises. That’s the plan. Or the plot, if you prefer. Boris has “feet of clay” and will “take the Brexit house down with him”, wrote Heseltine in the Guardian in February. They mean business, I assure you. Never mind that 17.4 million people voted for Britain to leave the EU in the biggest vote in British history. Never mind that the disgraceful, deceitful campaign to reverse the referendum result, orchestrated by Keir Starmer, Tony Blair and others, failed at the ballot box on three subsequent occasions – in the European election of 2019 and the general elections of 2017 and 2019. Never mind that after Boris’s huge-majority-winning election, Michael Heseltine declared: “We’ve lost, we have to face up to that, we’re going to leave Europe.” Never mind all of that. Because the Remainer high command has long since given up on winning at the ballot box. A democratic victory has proved impossible, and is therefore dismissed as a mere inconvenience. The new plan is much cleverer than that. It just requires 17.4 million Leave voters to be divided and then conquered. And the clever bit is that, like a crab being boiled, we won’t even realise it’s happening to us. Step one of this plan is for Boris to be so discredited that he has to leave office. Step two is that he is replaced by a Remainer – ideally Jeremy Hunt before the general election, or Keir Starmer after it. Step three is that the new Prime Minister will start edging Britain inexorably towards a closer relationship with the EU, perhaps re-joining the single market and the customs union, allowing free movement of people again, and renegotiating the Withdrawal Agreement. Step 4 is that Britain will apply to re-join the EU, perhaps as in the outer ring of “slow-speed countries”. Step 5 is that we will re-enter the EU and, this time, the Euro. Lord Adonis is so convinced that Britain will re-join within 10 years that he was prepared to make a bet with me live on LBC Radio earlier this year. I hate to say this, but his money is looking a lot safer now. Because step one is firmly in progress. Yes, of course, Boris has made stupid mistakes. Nobody forced him into a room where they sang happy birthday over an uneaten piece of cake. Nobody made him hold a glass of champagne while toasting the departure of a colleague. Nobody insisted he stand up in parliament and deny the rules were broken. But, by God, the Remain elite has played that misdemeanour for all its worth, with a daily drip-drip of stories from our Brexit-hating broadcasters for a full half year slowly but surely shredding Boris’s reputation, and luring Leavers away from him.   This clever, enticing trap is so vast and professionally managed that millions of Leavers all over the country are marching indignantly towards it, then falling inside. We are being played by a Remain elite that doesn’t give a fig for our democratic decision to Leave the EU, but cares only about ever closer union and an eventual United States of Europe – with Britain a mere province of that vast empire. “Look, those stupid, uneducated Leavers are falling for it!”, says the Remainer high command. “Our plan is working!” Yes, tragically, it is starting to work. As Leave voters declare that they can’t vote for Boris Johnson again, so Tory MPs are deserting him, and so Jeremy Hunt’s campaign gains pace. If Hunt succeeds, which looks possible, the next general election will be between a Remainer in blue and even more obsessed Remainer in red. In fact, there’s only one thing that can stop this plan from working. And that’s for Leavers to ignore the silly birthday cake non-story, and see the vastly bigger Brexit picture. What matters more: that Boris resigns for breaking his own daft lockdown rules or that Britain remains free and independent? There’s only one answer. That’s why we must, and surely will, back the prime minister. For if Boris stays, Brexit stays. 