A well-used oven tray looks greasy, sticky and caked in burnt-on food, so returning them to their former glory can be difficult, even after you’ve spent your fair share of time scrubbing away with a scouring pad. The good news is you can save yourself lots of time by using a variety of cleaning products and leaving the trays to soak, as recommended by Oven Pride. First things first, don’t throw the dirty oven trays away - it’s “well worth salvaging them”. The cleaning experts said: “This one might sound a bit strange since it uses a 2p coin, but it’s well worth trying yourself.” Start by covering the baking tray in hot, soapy water, and leave it for 30 minutes. Once the time is up, scrub the tray with a 2p coin using a circular motion. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share how to rid ‘brown stains’ from toilet bowls Rinse the baking tray and clean the tray in the dishwasher as normal. Oven Pride commented: “It’s worth noting that this method can damage non-stick pans, so please bear this in mind before giving it a go yourself.” You can also remove burnt bits with baking soda. Oven Pride said: “When your baking trays are covered in burnt-on food, that’s when cleaning them can get a little tough. DON'T MISS...'Finds them hilarious!’ Queen enjoys collecting common kitchen item [INSIDER]Jill Biden opts for £3k designer floral dress alongside Queen Letizia [PICTURES]Weight loss: Couple shed 27st after fears they were going to die [INTERVIEW] “And since soap and detergent aren’t enough to take care of this caked-on mess, we have to turn once again to baking soda to remove such residue.” Before you get scrubbing and scraping, remove any loose bits with a paper towel - refrain from using a scourer as this can damage the tray. Next, pour the water and baking soda into the sink, and soak the tray for an hour. Drain the water and wipe away any residue using a cloth or sponge. READ MORE: ‘Quicker and more effective’ method for cleaning windows You can repeat the steps if the tray is too large. Finally, place the tray in the dishwasher or wash with washing up liquid “to ensure best results and a sparkly clean finish”. Once the oven tray is clean, there are a few things you can do to keep them in this condition. Oven Pride recommends lining paper on your baking trays where possible to avoid burnt liquids, grease and oil. There are reusable tray lines which can be purchased and are much more environmentally friendly. Soaking the oven trays in hot, soapy water straight after use can also lift grime off instantly. You can also cover your trays in foil - including the edges - and remove them when dirty. As for whether you can use Oven Pride on non-stick baking trays, the experts said: “No, Oven Pride cannot be used on non-stick or aluminium surfaces. “Oven Pride is for cleaning ovens and racks only.”