The troubled Coronation Street youngster has caused a great deal of havoc for her family, with her most recent outburst seeing her destroying Phill's car with a digger. Hope (played by Isabella Flanagan) has worried her parents Fiz Stape (Jennie McAlpine) and Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall) with her frightening behaviour in recent years, but it seems her dangerous ways are far from over. Will she end up ruining the upcoming wedding and cause Phill to leave? "You always get drama with Hope," Jamie commented while talking about his onscreen stepdaughter. "That's the way she is wired. She has already smashed my car up! She's always up to mischief, but we will see what happens." Discussing his thoughts about whether or not his character is aware of what Hope is capable of, he shared: "No, and I think Phill is genuinely a nice guy." Speaking to The Mirror, he concluded: "No matter what people think or suspect of him, so he sees the good in people. He's just a good guy." READ MORE: Stranger Things fans expose secret season 4 villain working with Vecna Hope occasionally spirals out of control and has been responsible for starting fires, hiding her cousin Joseph Brown (William Flanagan), which sparked a frenzied search for the youngster, and stealing money. Last year, Hope started a fire at Tyrone's home when he was living with Alina Pop (Ruxandra Porojnicu) as she wasn't happy with the news she was pregnant. After escaping the blaze, Alina lost the baby, but Hope never showed any remorse. Trying to make their daughter see the consequences of her actions, Fiz and Tyrone sat her down to explain what had happened. "We've been to the police station today," Tyrone announced to the youngster. "Why?" Hope asked, to which Tyrone replied: "To tell them about the fire. They needed to know what had happened." "The thing is, the police will want to talk to you about it tomorrow," Fiz explained. "And when the police ask you about the fire you need to tell them that you are really, really sorry," Tyrone added. Hope commented: "I'm not sorry," before running away from her parents. DON'T MISS... UK to host Eurovision for Ukraine after Sam Ryder's success [LATEST]Liz Kershaw slams BBC over ageism row 'No women over 60' [VIDEO]GMB fans blast Mike Parry suggestion 'flip-flops KILL' in fiery row [LATEST] Fiz and Phill are set to get married soon and Hope could wreak havoc on their big day. She's bound to be unhappy the wedding is still going ahead, and will probably have some kind of plan up her sleeve. It could be that she tries to make her mum's wedding day as chaotic as possible. It wouldn't be out of character if she ruined Fiz's dress or other important elements of the big day. Phill might possibly lose his patience and demand Fiz gets help for the troublemaker or end their romance. He might give Fiz an ultimatum about Hope, forcing her to address her issues or else he is leaving.  This is probably exactly what Hope wants, as she's keen for Tyrone and Fiz to reunite. Fans have been speculating the two could get back together soon after they have become closer in recent episodes. Phill and Fiz briefly split up, unsurprisingly, following Hope's car stunt. Will she take things even further to make sure Phill doesn't end up with Fiz? Perhaps she will ensure her mother's special day will be ruined to really push Phill over the edge. If he washes his hands of the family, it would be a great opportunity for jealous Tyrone to try to win Fiz back for good. Coronation Street continues on Friday at 8pm on ITV.