AMC’s Breaking Bad prequel Better Call Saul came to a shocking end after it aired the midseason finale. As fans await the show’s return in July, Gus’ Giancarlo Esposito paid tribute to his co-star Tony Dalton after he detailed what it was like working alongside him.  Better Call Saul ended on a major cliffhanger as Lalo Salamanca’s (played by Tony Dalton) shock return left fans speechless. His comeback left Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn) and Jimmy McCall (Bob Odenkirk) with their jaws dropped as they were assured he had died in season five. They were also horrified to witness him kill Howard Hamlin (Patrick Fabian) without a second thought. Lalo’s resurgence could only signify Gus Fring’s (Giancarlo Esposito) death, who once informed, showed fear for the first time.  READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series The episode titled ‘Plan and Execution’ saw Lalo staking out Gus’ industrial laundromat and gathering intel while hiding in the sewers. When he attempted to call his uncle Hector Salamanca (Mark Margolis), the line crackled which proved his home was being tapped. As a result, Gus’ guards immediately left the laundromat to secure his location and move him to a safe house. Despite being enemies on screen, Gus star Esposito opened up about starring alongside Dalton, who played Lalo.  The actor told TVLine: “I love the fact that I got a formidable adversary in Lalo Salamanca.” He added: “I wanted to play a guy who’s more vulnerable, maybe a little more hotheaded in this prequel, because it does take place before Breaking Bad. “I actually love working opposite and in tandem with, even though adversarially, Tony Dalton.” Esposito also explained why Lalo had become his character’s ultimate threat, as he admitted: “I don’t like loose cannons.”  DON'T MISS...Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul boss addresses clue Kim is still alive [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul season 6 boss defends Gene Takovic absence [INSIGHT] He continued: “I don’t like loose cannons who can’t control themselves. “Why don’t I like them? Because I’ve been a loose cannon, and I’ve been in situations where I can’t control myself and I scare people. “Lalo does it with such ease and menace, but his ease and menace, in regard to how he plays it, is actually fun.” Esposito concluded: “He’s a freaking psychopath, it’s just fun to play.”  Although Gus has been featured in the series since the third season, fans had seen him afraid for his life. This took a turn in the mid-season finale after Gus learned Lalo was hiding out in New Mexico. Mike Ehrmantraut (Jonathan Banks) was the one who notified Gus and told him to drive calmly to the safehouse. Fans will have to stay tuned to see if Lalo and Gus’ rivalry will come to a head when the show returns in July. Better Call Saul season 6, part 2 will land on AMC and Netflix on Monday, July 11. 