Mr Hunt, 55, is seen as one of the potential frontrunners if a Conservative Party leadership contest were to take place. In 2019, Mr Hunt lost to Boris Johnson in the final round of elections and since then he has used his position on the backbenchers to launch a series of attacks on the Government.  Sarcastically laughing at the thought of him becoming the PM, Ms Platell said: “He will be a complete disaster. “Remember, this is the guy who said that his first priority as Health Secretary was to build a proper system for the care system. He did nothing. “He promised we would get 5,000 extra GPs, guess how many we got.. 300! “He is a charisma bypass, I mean he is up against Keir Starmer and they will be like two ironing boards arguing. It would just be a disaster.   “He has no personality but what worries me more about him is what you hinted at…is this invidious coming through the backdoor to get his back into Europe. “He is a remainer. That’s all he cares about. “And he would have his back there and God knows what happens to the Northern Ireland problem we got at the moment. “He is a danger to this country.” READ MORE: We compared breakfasts from Tesco, Asda, Morrisons and Waitrose  Meanwhile, the former foreign secretary effectively put himself as the head of the anti-Johnson faction before Monday’s confidence vote by urging Tory MPs to change their leader or lose the next election. Boris Johnson was clinging to his premiership on Monday night after 148 of his MPs voted to oust him from Downing Street in a ballot that exposed potentially fatal rifts within his party. The Prime Minister won the support of 211 MPs but 41 percent of his party voted to get rid of him, with many citing his lack of repentance over the Partygate scandal and the public’s loss of trust in his leadership. It was the worst verdict on a sitting Prime Minister by their own party in recent times. DON'T MISS:Royal Family: Queen's two-word response to Meghan and Harry'Worry’ as plans to roll back hated Brexit deal could be threatenedRelief as Chernobyl radiation detectors back online at normal levels