A co-host of the podcast claims he had to censor some of the thoughts expressed by the “77-year-old with no filter”. The comments were reportedly edited out of the YouTube podcast after Meghan’s dad made the comments about his own daughter and Prince Harry.  Fellow presenter Karl Larsen told American media outlet Insider that he removed some parts of his discussions with Thomas Markle before they went live on their Remarkable Friendship channel. He said his reason for doing so was because he felt his friend might later regret some of his thoughts. Larsen - a celebrity photographer - would chat with 77-year-old Thomas during the videos about pop culture, the Royal Family, and his estranged daughter Meghan. But he insisted that anything he felt Thomas had said that overstepped the mark was cut out.  Larsen said: "When he does interviews on networks, whether it's with Piers Morgan or Dan Wootton, they're always drilling him with questions and then he feels like he always has to answer it. He's got no filter. "There are things that are said on my channel that I think are inappropriate, that I cut out. But people like Dan Wootton, he's not gonna cut out, 'Oh, Harry's an idiot?' We gotta keep that." In early April, Thomas made comments on his podcast that criticised Harry for not attending Prince Philip’s memorial service, and in March, he claimed most people would “hate” the royal couple if it was not for their PR team. Co-host Larsen said the podcast had been created to show people the “real Thomas”.  READ MORE: Mike Tindall branded Prince Harry a 'b*****d' at Palace party But Meghan's father has since told Insider that his relationship with Larsen has now been severed and their last YouTube video was uploaded on May 21. Thomas' son, Thomas Markle Jr has also informed the outlet that he was unhappy with Larsen for speaking on his father's behalf. A stroke hospitalised Thomas in May, meaning he missed the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, which he had planned to attend. Larsen, meanwhile, has also claimed that he is co-writing a memoir with Timothy Reinhardt called, "Don't Judge a Book by its Cover; My Story with Thomas Markle."  DON'T MISS:BBC QT: Audience member rages at Keir Starmer 'Obi Wan Kenobi' jab [COMMENT]Log burner warning as owners told to DITCH home staple over new eviden [ANALYSIS]Putin mortified as UK 'highly likely' to send troops to NATO task forc [INSIGHT] It comes as reports claimed the Duchess of Sussex had “offered an olive branch” to her estranged father who has consistently spoken out against his daughter. Meghan is said to be "concerned" about the 77-year-old despite the pair being estranged since her and Prince Harry's royal wedding. An insider told the Sunday Mirror: “Despite their estrangement, Meghan is concerned. She wants to know if there is any way to contact her father privately, without other family knowing about it or having to get involved.” Meghan reportedly does not want to speak to her half-sister Samantha Markle and half-brother Thomas Markle Jr. The source added: “Meghan can’t contact her half-siblings because she believes they have their own agendas.” 