Arsenal are reportedly set to shelve plans to sign Dominic Calvert-Lewin this summer after developing second thoughts over the Everton striker. The Toffees talisman was understood to be high up on the Gunners list of forward targets in recent times, but Mikel Arteta has since turned his attentions elsewhere.  According to the Daily Star, Arsenal have put their pursuit of Calvert-Lewin on hold as a result of fears over the 25-year-old's form and fitness last season. Though the Gunners are expected to continue to admire the England forward from afar, they currently have no intention of acting on their interest in the current transfer window. The Everton striker was thought to be under consideration at the Emirates long before the prospect of landing Manchester City's Gabriel Jesus arose, however, after learning of his availability, Arsenal are understood to have identified the Brazilian as their top striker target. On that front, talks are believed to have reached an advanced stage. While the Gunners may well resurrect their interest in Calvert-Lewin in the future, at present, the North Londoners don't appear to see the forward as part of their immediate plans. The Sheffield-born striker enjoyed a stunning 2020-21 campaign, in which he struck a staggering 21 goals in 39 outings for the Toffees, however, injuries denied him the opportunity to challenge those numbers in the season just gone. READ MORE: Arsenal and Tottenham 'offered chance' to sign Barcelona reject after cut-throat Xavi call  Calvert-Lewin mustered a mere 18 appearances in all competitions following a lengthy layoff with a fractured toe, finding the back of the net on just five occasions as the Toffees narrowly avoided Premier League relegation. Following the conclusion of the 2021-22 Premier League campaign, the striker took to social media to confess he endured "some of the most difficult times of his career and life" last season. An emotional post from the Everton hitman included the words: “On a personal note I have had to dig deep within myself at times this season and have endured some of the most difficult times of my career and my life to date. The love and support helped carry me through."  Arsenal have also been linked with a move for Calvert-Lewin's Toffees team-mate Richarlison this summer. However, it is believed the Gunners view the Brazilian as a versatile forward option as opposed to the central striker they are currently seeking to sign. Arteta has made no secret of his desire to add firepower to his forward line in this window with a squad shake-up planned in order to inspire a renewed Champions League push next season. It appears that Jesus is set to become the man to lead the Gunners' line, not Calvert-Lewin.  