The proposal would slash corporation tax hikes for firms that “buy British”. The tax is due to increase by six percent next April.   A Government insider told The Sun that businesses could be given this break under new proposals by Rishi Sunak. The two potential tax breaks would be for companies that invest and buy British. The tax break is hoped to incentivise companies to boost businesses locally. It is thought this could be a "major win" for post-Brexit Britain. READ MORE: Martin Lewis shares the 'best thing' to do with inheritance money     Essentially, under the new proposals companies that buy British or invest would not have their corporation tax hiked. Mr Sunak is planning to raise corporation tax from 19 percent to 25 percent next April. He announced the rise in last year’s Budget, making it the first corporation tax rise in 47 years. Other proposals are being considered as well.  Once a plan has been decided on it is expected to be announced in this year’s Budget. The tax break will reportedly be a part of Mr Sunak’s promise to look at how he could slash levies and turbocharge growth. He made this promise in Doncaster last week according to the Sun. Someone present at the Doncaster meeting reported Mr Sunak “dropped a massive hint” that he will be looking to cut business taxes.  A tax break like this could be more urgently required, however, as the UK economy appears set to enter a recession. It has been warned that implementing tax breaks earlier could fuel the fire of rocketing prices and throw the country into a deeper potential stagflation crisis. Inflation appears set to hit double digits before the end of the year, and the Bank of England has increased the base rate for the fifth consecutive time to a decade high. All combined, these factors are battering pockets of the British public but Ministers have refused to cut personal taxes.  Notably they are waiting for inflation to come down, which the Bank of England is attempting to control with their base rate rises. The slide into recession could be a rational fear for years to come. J.P. Morgan economists shared the chances of this becoming reality over the next year or two have increased. The Bank of England has not predicted a recession specifically, but does expect a contraction in the UK economy by almost one percent in the last quarter of the year.