Hydrangeas brighten gardens throughout the summer months, with flowers blooming from April to October. The most recognisable of these hardy shrubs are mophead and lacecap hydrangeas, which produce large, rounded blooms in shades of white, blue and pink through the summer and early autumn. Depending on their growing and care conditions, these varieties of hydrangea also have the ability to change the colour of their flowers. This is mainly to do with the soil they are grown in, as well as the type of water your plant receives. However, there is one exception to the colour-changing rule. White hydrangeas do not change colour according to soil type, but they may blush pink in the sun. READ MORE: Cleaning tips: Correct way to clean toilet limescale - avoid 2p trick According to Garden World, the type of soil your hydrangea is growing in can not only impact the health of your plant, it can also affect the leaves it produces and the colour of its flowers. The experts explained: "Some varieties of hydrangea are blue or purple when grown on acid soil and pink or red in alkaline soil conditions. "So if you plant a lovely blue lacecap or mophead hydrangea in the garden, and your soil is neutral to acidic, it will produce blue flowers year after year. DON'T MISSHow to get rid of fruit flies fast: Three easy traps to make at home [INSIGHT]Stop ants damaging plants using 70p method - ‘fatal to them’ [EXPLAINER]‘Best time’ to prune roses to ‘encourage’ flowering ‘year-after-year’ [COMMENT] "If you plant it on alkaline soil the following year it will flower purple-red or pink, even if it was clear blue when you bought it." Garden World's experts said it is easier to maintain the colour of a plant grown in a pot than those grown in the ground, as gardeners can have more control over the soil conditions. They recommend using compost which is made specifically for "lime hating" plants if you want to keep your hydrangea blue. Experts from Gardeners' World added: "You can change the colour of the flowers on lacecap and mophead hydrangeas and Hydrangea serrata from pink to blue by feeding with a fertiliser low in phosphorous and high in potassium. "Alternatively, you can grow your plant in a pot of peat-free ericaceous compost and water with rainwater to keep the flowers blue. "Changing hydrangea flowers from blue to pink is trickier. "You will need to raise the pH by adding dolomitic lime. "It’s quite common for a plant to produce a few different coloured flowers on one plant in the first year of growth."