Liverpool's reasoning for their willingness to pay out a club record fee for Darwin Nunez stems from their negotiations over personal terms with the striker. The Reds are closing in on the signing of Nunez, with the Uruguayan expected to have a medical on Monday. Nunez has starred for Benfica, scoring 34 goals in all competitions last season as they reached the quarter-finals of the Champions League. He quickly became Liverpool's top target, with Jurgen Klopp searching for reinforcements in attacking areas. According to The Times, Liverpool will pay an initial fee of £64million to the Portuguese giants. A further £12.8m will be paid on an appearance basis, with another £8.5m coming on a team performance-related basis. If all of those bonuses are met and paid out, it would smash Liverpool's transfer record, which is currently the £75m they paid to sign Virgil van Dijk. It is stated that the Reds were willing to do that because of the salary they negotiated with Nunez and his representatives. READ MORE: Darwin Nunez warned he may only play 'half' of Liverpool games Nunez will sign a six-year contract at Anfield and will 'not be' one of the highest earners in Klopp's squad. That is named as a 'reason' why Liverpool are comfortable with paying out such a 'significant' fee in order to sign him. The move is expected to progress quickly, with all but the medical having been completed by Sunday night. Nunez will remain in Madrid for those tests, which are expected to run until Wednesday. DON'T MISS: Bayern hint they may give up on Mane transfer in new Liverpool message (NEWS)Liverpool find 'solution' in Nunez deal as Benfica clause agreed (INSIGHT)Liverpool 'agree terms' with second star as transfer momentum builds (TRANSFERS) Liverpool's director of football Julian Ward has been in Portugal over recent days to thrash out a deal. Ward appears to have compromised slightly during those negotiations, with the Reds hoping to land Nunez for a fee closer to the £60m mark. Even so, he has only paid an initial fee £4m more than that original aim, with Klopp now getting the boost he wanted in attack. Nunez will mainly come in as a replacement for Divock Origi, who has left Anfield on a free transfer, and Sadio Mane, who is edging towards a move to Bayern Munich.