It is all to do with getting more "diversity" into the forces, which top brass hope will encourage more recruits to join up. Similar nonsense is seemingly happening in America where they are being told they need to address people with the "right personal pronoun". This is just going too far. Some US soldiers are now wearing rainbow helmets and some of their cops are driving around in rainbow cars. Think that will deter the crooks? If you join up there are three things that you need: discipline, the ability to obey orders and the ability to kill if you need to. Worrying about whether you address somebody with the right pronoun should not even come into your zone of thought. One thing the war in Ukraine has shown us is that we do need more people to join the military. As previously related on these pages, my grandson has joined the Marines, which has made me very proud. These men do more than we will ever realise and they do it for the sake of this country, because however advanced we think we have all become there are still people like Putin who we need to be protected from. I cannot believe that we are more interested in so-called climate change than we are about saving Ukraine and stopping Putin threatening Europe. Because that is what is coming across in political conversation about the atrocities going on in the Ukraine and why we continue to buy fuel products from Russia. The idiots who go on about net zero seem to have missed at least one vital point: we need coal to make steel to make, among other things, weapons to fight Putin. There is not going to be a steel industry if we carry on the way we are. We have the coal necessary in the British Isles to make steel, so why is everybody so reluctant to do just this? It seems, though, that there is a glimmer of hope on the horizon. In Prime Minister's Questions last week, Boris said it "made no sense" to import coal for steel from Russia. This gave hope that a proposed new mine at Whitehaven in Cumbria could get the go-ahead. Michael Gove is due to make an announcement in two weeks' time. It would bring 700 new jobs and help revitalise industry. Comedian Joe Lycett has just been in a bit of trouble. Someone who booked to go and see his show called the police to complain that they had been offended! Joe later shared an Instagram post explaining that the said joke involved part of the anatomy of a donkey. So, he had to talk to the local constabulary, who closed the case once he "explained the context" of the offending lines. And the joke stays in his show until the end of his national tour in September, "unless I'm jailed". Surely if you go to see a comedian you know what they are like and if you do not enjoy it, you can leave. What is wrong with some people? You take the P out of them and they either call you a bully or ring the police. Get over yourselves. Every time somebody insults me - and it happens quite often - it makes me smile. At least they are thinking about me. What could be better than that? I would love to see a bunch of these sensitive souls seated in front of an hour of Bernard Manning. I have fallen in love with my Alexa - or should I say Alexas. I have got them in the bedroom, the kitchen, the living room and on my phone and it is the most amazing invention. Never again will there be the need to hunt through record collections or find your CD player. People worry about Alexa recording our conversations but there are ways to check this and delete recordings. Back in the 70s I had to lug boxes of records from one venue to another when I was a DJ in London clubs but everything is so much simpler now. Having watched all those protesters on TV going into meltdown over the idea of tagging some of the migrants who cross the Channel in little boats, I am not prepared to argue about whether the tagging is legal. As far as I am concerned, it is legal. They were not invited here and they need to be tagged so we can keep track of them. And then I noticed a number of these outspoken lefties - including my friend the author and TV presenter Jemma Forte - going on about what a terrible nation we are becoming. So where would they prefer to live? Let me know, Jemma, and maybe I could treat you to the airfare! When is the Labour Party going to wake up and take a stand against union disruption? What with the rail strike and other industrial action, it is like being back in the 1970s. They think they have to support the working class. But the working class they are thinking about is long dead, as the way Tories captured "red wall" seats in 2019 demonstrated. Hopefully that Wakefield comeback for Labour last week is just a mid-term glitch. Watching Emily Thornberry, the Labour MP who seems to be on every TV news show going at the moment, is very amusing. Her facial expressions could be used as emojis. Does she not realise how ridiculous she sometimes looks? In discussions she seems to (wrongly) think she has the upper hand and she has about 10 different ways of smirking. Does she see herself as the leader of the Labour Party in the not too distant future? I cannot wait. Prime Minister's Questions would take on a whole new level of fun.