Commemorated at sunrise near the heel stone at Stonehenge, the summer solstice has been celebrated for centuries with rituals and ceremonies to cast out evil and welcome prosperity in the summer months ahead. Marking the midpoint of the year and the start of astronomical summer, the solstice brings a powerful planetary moment when the tilt of the earth brings us closest to the sun. The intensified light and Sun energy are here to awaken spirits, refresh the mind, and energise the soul. This magically potent day spurs a deeper connection between the spiritual and physical world as people come together to celebrate the sun’s vitality. Forever Conscious said: “The bright sun and the dark night both influence our pineal gland, which is known as the seat of consciousness or as the seat of our soul. “When the Sun is bright, our pineal gland supports the flow of our life force.”  READ MORE: Daily horoscope for June 21: Your star sign, astrology and zodiac  As the earth tilts closest to the sun, its enlightening effects may bear more of an influence than usual. “When the dark night falls, the pineal gland helps to awaken our dream state, sparking our imagination, clairvoyant gifts, and out-of-body experiences. It continued: “All of nature responds to the increase or decrease of daylight that occurs on the Solstice. “It may be subtle, but if we tune in and connect, we too can feel these shifts within our bodies.”  This year’s solstice takes place in a nurturing Cancer-Sun transit, bringing with it a new wave of energy and balance. Astrologer Noush told My Imperfect Life: "It's quite a positive energy." "In terms of preparing, I would say it's important to just be open to a new wave of energy that's about to enter your life, be open to something being rebalanced or releasing something that's built up over the winter." During a Sun in Cancer transit, traits associated with the Cancer zodiac sign become much more prominent and noticeable in and for many of us. Cancer is a water sign and while in transit with the sun, the cardinal water energy leads through emotions and feelings.  DON'T MISS:Summer Solstice 2022 - when is the longest day of the year? [EXPLAINED]Archaeologists amazed by 4,500-year-old monument near Stonehenge [INSIGHT]Stonehenge mystery unravelled as scientists detail key use [ANALYSIS]    Today’s solstice falls just a week after the astronomical phenomenon of June’s Strawberry Supermoon, which invited adventure, clarity, and an impetus to tie up the loose ends of the first half of the year. Limitations were unveiled and new goals were elucidated, and today’s solstice energy will help bring to light these mindset transformations in a more Cancer-nurturing way; allowing you to appreciate the journey so far and build on what you’ve learned in order to move forward. Cancer-Sun transits spark an upsurge in sympathy and compassion, and a strong desire to be with family and loved ones, according to Astrology TV. Astrology TV said: “Cancer rules the home, so there’s also likely to be a focus on decorating, home improvement, moving home, or otherwise setting down secure and at least semi-permanent roots.”  However, it does come with a more cautious and perceptive energy, being much more connected with the past than that of other signs. Stars Like You said: "Cancerians like to surround themselves with objects that have emotional resonance or remind them of what they have done. "In this way, Cancerians may lose themselves in figments and memories. "At a deep inner level, they may refuse to let go." Try not to focus on what once was during this time and celebrate the revitalising solstice by looking to now and the future - there’s no time like the present. 