Chris Packham, 61, opened up about how the Springwatch team deals with on-air blunders, even though he maintains that things “very rarely” go wrong. The nature show wrapped up its 18th series on Thursday night after three weeks of live broadcasts from across the UK. After almost 20 years on TV, Chris discussed the “handful of occasions” where the Springwatch team had to cope with difficult situations.Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, Chris explained: “There have been a handful of occasions where we have had severe technical issues which have taken us off air, like storms and we had a problem with the generator on one occasion.  “But they have been very isolated.  “There is always self-generated pressure in the team to make sure those technical hiccups don’t occur... Then of course there is human error which is most likely to cause a hiccup.” READ MORE:Joan Collins, 88, wows fans with natural snap Nevertheless, when things do go wrong, Chris maintains that the team are very “supportive” of one another and that he never feels “pressure”. He went on: “Everyone makes mistakes, and we work in a team where everyone is supportive and tolerant if something goes wrong, even though it very rarely does.  “As presenters, we are just there to soak it up, we’ve got to project to the audience, and we have got to make it work.  “I never see that as a pressure, I imagine I'm having a conversation in a pub, that’s how I treat making this programme.” Chris’ stepdaughter and fellow presenter, Megan McCubbin, also jumped in and said, “that is what live telly is all about”.The zoologist continued: “The audience is incredibly forgiving because they understand that it is live.“Sometimes, that is what makes it quite fun and it’s when you see the team pull together and do their very best.  “It is amazing what everyone can do when something goes wrong and watching the shows back you would never have known there was a problem in the first place.” DON'T MISSJames Martin in rare outing with secretive girlfriend Louise Davies[LATEST]Nick Knowles, 59, and girlfriend Katie Dadzie, 32, loved-up at Ascot[PICTURES]Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux[INSIGHT] Springwatch fans were left devastated when the show aired its final episode last night.After tuning in every Monday to Thursday for three weeks, many viewers took to Twitter to say they will “miss” the BBC Two series.Diane lamented: “I will really miss Springwatch.  “I’ll miss seeing the Nightjar sitting on her nest and the Badger babies growing up and the Sea Eagles on Mull plus the wonderful and so enthusiastic presenters. “Thank you it’s been a joy to watch.”Annice echoed: “Cannot believe it’s the last Springwatch tonight, will miss it soo much.” And Natalie lamented: “I'm really going to miss Springwatch and the mindful moments especially.”Springwatch is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.