Manchester City are facing the prospect of creating another Jadon Sancho as starlet Sam Edozie closes in on a transfer to Bayer Leverkusen. Sancho spent two years in City's academy before leaving for Borussia Dortmund in search of regular playing time at senior level. The winger starred in the Bundesliga, helping Dortmund to win the DFB-Pokal before joining Manchester United last year for £73million. That has led to several other players following his lead and leaving their academies to move abroad to play first-team football. But City now appear to be at risk of losing another Sancho in the form of Edozie, who is now close to completing his own move to the Bundesliga. The winger made 15 appearances for City's youth teams last season, scoring three goals and notching two assists. Having featured in the Community Shield and been named on the bench for one Premier League game, it appears that Edozie believes he is ready for senior football. But with little prospect of playing time, Caught Offside report that there is a 'full agreement' in place for Edozie to join Leverkusen. READ MORE: Pep Guardiola hoping he has secret weapon to thwart Liverpool's plans The Bundesliga side are set to pay £10m for the 19-year-old, with just an official announcement left to go. It means that City will be able to bring in a fee for a player who otherwise would have left next summer at the end of his contract. It is stated that he will sign a two-year deal with Die Werkself, who finished third in the Bundesliga last season. That ensured qualification for the Champions League, where Edozie will be able to test himself against the best players in Europe. DON'T MISS: Guardiola can learn transfer lesson from Solskjaer amid £50m stand-off (INSIGHT)Pep Guardiola already has Raheem Sterling replacement at Man City (ANALYSIS)Chelsea 'confident' of signing Man City star Raheem Sterling for £35m (TRANSFERS) It is an opportunity he otherwise would not have experienced at the Etihad Stadium, given the calibre of Pep Guardiola's squad. The likes of Riyad Mahrez, Phil Foden and Jack Grealish are all ahead of him in the pecking order. He follows fellow academy star Jayden Braaf out of the exit door this summer, with the winger having joined Dortmund. It will now be fascinating to see if Edozie can follow in the footsteps of Sancho.