Individuals who have just started on Universal Credit may not be aware that they could get an extra £156 through Personal Independence Payments (PIP). The benefit is there for people who have an illness, disability or mental health condition. PIP is available for people over 16 and under state pension age, to help with the daily costs of living and any mobility needs. There is no need to have worked or paid National Insurance to qualify for the support. The benefit is not means tested, so the payment is not dependent on a person’s income or savings. PIP is aimed at helping people with a range of disabilities, including stress, anxiety and depression. To be eligible, an applicant must have a health condition or disability where they have had difficulties with daily life for three months, and they expect the difficulties to continue for at least nine months. Claimants must also have lived in the UK for at least two of the last three years and be in the country when they apply. Those who need help with any of the following tasks may want to think about applying for the benefit: PIP is usually paid every four weeks unless a person is terminally ill, in which case it is paid every week. The money will be paid directly into the claimant’s bank, building society or credit union account. A person is assessed to see how much they will receive with their claim regularly reviewed to ensure they are getting the right support. Applicants will be assessed by an independent healthcare professional to help the DWP determine what financial support is needed. Face-to-face assessments for health-related benefits, including PIP, are now offered, as well as telephone, video call and paper-based consultations. PIP is made up of a daily living and a mobility component. An individual will be paid the following amounts each week depending on their circumstances: Standard rate: £61.85 Enhanced rate: £92.40 Standard rate: £24.45 Enhanced rate: £64.50 Some 500,000 more people will become eligible for Universal Credit this year. At the end of April, three million people across the UK were claiming PIP support, with some 35 percent getting the highest amount. People can make a claim for PIP by contacting the DWP. More information can be found of the gov.uk website.  