Speaking to Sky News, Dame Joan Collins lamented Prince Harry’s departure from the Royal family, saying that it “must have been sad for the Queen”. But, she added, the Queen has “several football teams” worth of children, grandchildren and great grandchildren, suggesting the monarch is not at a loss for family members in the UK.    Dame Joan said: “I think he does what he wants to do, doesn’t he? That’s what I think.” The Sky News host said: “But it must have been sad I think for the Queen, probably.” Dame Joan added: “I think it was probably very sad for the Queen. But she’s got so many other children and grandchildren and great grandchildren. “I mean there’s several football teams [worth of family] there, aren’t there.”    Prince Harry, Meghan Markle and their two children, Archie, 3, and Lillibet, 11-months old, arrived in the UK yesterday for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Their public appearances will be strictly limited to a small number of events, including the Epsom Downs race on Saturday. The former royals attend the Trooping the Colour ceremony today, though not in any official capacity. They enjoyed a prime vantage point with members of the monarchy from the Duke of Wellington's former office, overlooking Horse Guards Parade. READ MORE: Hunniford in savage Meghan swipe upon Jubilee return [REVEAL]   From there, they watched Prince Charles inspect the guardsmen and officers and take their salute. And photos captured at the event showed Ms Markle playing with some of the royal children, looking in high spirits. Meghan was pictured with Peter Phillips's daughters, 11-year-old Savannah and 10-year-old Isla, as well as Mike and Zara Tindall's children, eight-year-old Mia and three-year-old Lena. Meghan wore a navy blue short-sleeved dress with a boat neckline. She accessorised with a white wide-brim hat with an oversized blue bow, designed by London-based milliner Stephen Jones, according to the outlet. DON'T MISS: Crowds cheer as Queen and royals appear on balcony without Sussexes [REPORT] Harry and Meghan seen for first time together in UK since Megxit [REVEAL]Will Meghan and Harry appear with Queen today? [INSIGHT]  The Sussexes are expected to join the congregation for Friday's service of thanksgiving for the Queen's 70-year reign at St Paul's Cathedral, but their participation with Trooping was an added element. But Buckingham Palace confirmed this evening that the Queen will no longer attend the Friday morning service due to health issues. Prince Harry and Ms Markle’s second child Lilibet turns one on Saturday, and their visit has sparked rumours the couple will have their daughter christened with the monarch present. It will be the first time the duke and duchess will have brought Lilibet, who was named in honour of the Queen, to the UK.   