Max Verstappen will attempt to keep Red Bull at the Formula 1 summit as he chases a sixth win of the season in Sunday's Canadian Grand Prix. The Dutchman sits 29 points clear of partner Sergio Perez in second coming to Montreal, highlighting the superb work of team principal Christian Horner after a rocky start to the season. Neither Verstappen nor Perez managed to complete this year's curtain-raiser in Bahrain, which forced Red Bull into some early changes. Fast-forward to today and they're the only team to have produced wins from both their drivers so far this season, boasting a lead of 80 points in the constructors' championship. Horner, 48, took over Red Bull's operations in 2004 and has steadily grown his reputation as one of the best team chiefs in F1. That success has brought with it many admirers, and one spectator at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve let Horner know just how much she loves his work. The former driver wasn't left guessing how his fan felt, either, considering it was written all over her chest (on a t-shirt). Spelled out for all to see in black and white were the words 'Horny for Horner', with the man himself stood alongside the devoted disciple. READ MORE: Max Verstappen branded 'very lucky' after avoiding huge disaster at Canadian Grand Prix Horner clearly took the gaffe in stride after sharing the picture via his Instagram Story on Saturday, paired with a crying-with-laughter emoji. Wife Geri Horner (formerly Halliwell, otherwise known as 'Ginger Spice') may not look so happily on her husband cosying up to 'horny' fans, however. It wasn't long ago that Mercedes head Toto Wolff was considered the top totty on the F1 paddock after helping the Silver Arrows to seven straight drivers' titles. Horner may well have revved into the lead in more ways than one, however, as his success has transcended the track. DON'T MISS: Fernando Alonso jokes he will 'attack Max Verstappen' after surprise F1 qualifying resultLewis Hamilton gives cryptic response over new Mercedes contract because of 'disaster' carF1 camera operators 'bitten by spiders' as Canadian Grand Prix described as 'wild west'   Red Bull had mixed fortunes in qualifying ahead of the Canadian Grand Prix, with titleholder Verstappen set to start on pole in Montreal. Saturday's session didn't go as positively for team-mate Perez, however, as he crashed out and will line up in 13th. Verstappen has finished first in four of the past five races but has never won in five attempts at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve. Horner will hope to end that rut come Sunday, and the team boss won't be short of his own support as he looks to deliver another winning weekend.