Choosing the right travel insurance policy can help take the stress out of already difficult situations when you're abroad, such as losing your luggage or damaged gadgets. Luckily, PayingTooMuch is on hand to help you find the right cover in place at an affordable price - and that includes over 1,300 different medical conditions with their specialist medical travel insurance. By helping you find the right cover, they can also help you avoid overpaying for a policy that doesn’t quite meet your needs. We’ve put together a guide below of some of the easy mistakes to make when buying travel insurance that could leave you overpaying. Getting the right travel insurance is important, as if something goes wrong on your trip you don't want to be left in the lurch because your policy isn't quite right. The good news is that you don't need to break the bank for a decent policy; there are plenty of budget-friendly options . PayingTooMuch has a quick and easy comparison tool lets you compare policies from well-known insurers, and has friendly UK-based travel insurance experts on hand to help. There are two main benefits of travel insurance; cancellation cover and medical emergency cover. However, you can find policies that also cover you for lost or damaged luggage, gadgets, and a whole array of other options. However, buying a policy that covers everything could be counterproductive if it includes issues that won't be relevant to you, and you could end up overpaying for a policy that you don't need. Planning multiple trips in the space of a year? Then an annual policy could be the way forward for you, as it means you won't need to take out a new policy each time you go away, and you've got the security of knowing you're covered (plus, it gives you wiggle room for spontaneous last-minute trips with less pre-holiday admin!). At PayingTooMuch it’s easy to get a quote online for a Single Trip or an Annual Multi-Trip policy, or you can speak to one of their friendly experts over the phone. Each quote will show how much is covered on each policy for cancellation, medical emergency, and lost or damaged baggage, so you can choose the policy that’s right for you. You can also add cruise or winter sports to these policies. If you're heading on a beach holiday or city break, in most cases a standard travel insurance policy will do the trick. However, if you're planning to go on a cruise, or you're thinking of hitting the slopes this winter, then you'll need to get a policy that specifically includes these holidays. If you don't declare these specific holidays, then you may not be able to claim if something does go wrong - for example if you get injured while skiing - and you could end up facing some hefty costs. PayingTooMuch knows how important it is to have the right cover in place at an affordable price without having the hassle of trawling through insurance websites to find it. That’s why they offer a simple online form, with a comprehensive list of products to take the guesswork out of price comparison. With their policies, you can protect against cancellation, lost bags, illness and repatriation with the addition of cover for Covid-19 medical expenses and Covid-19 cancellation cover on selected policies. Right now, you can also get 10% off your travel insurance with the special offer code EMNL10. Unlike some other companies, this is 10% off the entire price. Hurry though, this offer ends at Midnight on 08/07/22.