But Russia is not an insignificant power. The fact the Kremlin could launch such an operation and sustain it against an adversary armed by the West indicates we are not dealing with a global irrelevance. To be clear, the tide now seems to be turning in Moscow’s favour, in the east of Ukraine in particular. The West is doing Ukraine no favours by pretending that Russia doesn’t matter. In fact, possibly the reverse. Nobody cites American missteps in Vietnam, Afghanistan or Iraq as evidence that the US is now a global irrelevance. And the world should not make that mistake with Russia, a country whose economic size masks formidable economic power, given the outsized role it plays in food and energy exports for starters. We are now seeing the impact of this on inflation. Moscow would say their economy has been suppressed by the West for years. The West would say the Russian economy – which, by some estimates, should be roughly the size of Japan’s had it kept the ratio the Soviet Union had with the US economy – is smaller because of mismanagement. Either way, it doesn’t help Ukraine to play down the power at the Kremlin’s disposal. We are now perhaps seeing that economic size can obscure economic importance. This is a contentious point but it seems common sense that - since we need food, fuel and finished products like cars and laptops more than we do coffee shops and apps - economies which focus on the former are ultimately more robust than those which focus on the latter. Up for debate. What we can say confidently however is that a county with the largest population in Europe, which is more than twice the size of Australia, which is soaked in resources, which has a highly educated workforce (something even critics admit), and which has a ready-made alternative to China’s Belt and Road and the Suez Canal trade route, cannot be swatted away so easily. Moreover, Russia is finding new markets for its resources. Russia is even finding routes to Western markets for its oil through third party refineries. This points to what we could expect should China invade Taiwan, although there is little chance of the West sanctioning China like it has Russia, given the former’s current outsized role in global industry. China will also have seen how being a nuclear-armed power has spooked the West into sitting this war out on the side-lines. That said, it would be far harder for the United States to stay out of any conflict in the Taiwan Strait. Losing Ukraine is one thing. Losing the Pacific is quite another. Whether one is hawkish on the Ukraine war or not, it does nobody any good to think that facing off against Moscow is going to be a cakewalk. It may well be that the Russian military underestimated Ukraine and Western resolve. If that was a mistake it is no less of a mistake to underestimate Putin’s Russia. Ultimately, ‘middle powers’ and spent forces cannot sustain conflicts like the one currently underway in Ukraine. This fact, and the formidable nuclear arsenal at the Kremlin’s disposal, explain why the West is letting Ukraine get on with it, much to Kyiv’s consternation. Perhaps sanctions will cripple Putin’s Russia. Perhaps Moscow will find ways to offset them. But whether the West ramps things up or dials things back down, it is crucial that people are properly informed about the true nature of the forces at play.