Kirsty Graham was close to her grandmother Helen Gauntlett who died in February 2021 and wanted to bring her along to the show in spirit. The 34-year-old dug out a pair of her grandmother's best knickers to throw towards the stage when Sir Tom Jones appeared for his set - just as she knew Helen would have done. Kirsty wrote on the underwear in capital letters: "These are my nan's (clean) knickers. She is watching from heaven but left these to throw at Tom. Get them to him please." In a Facebook post, prior to the event, she urged anyone in front of her to "pass them as far down the front as possible", writing: "I know if she was here, she would be swinging her knickers for Tom ... she loved him and snogged him in a phone box in Ponty when she was 14." Kirsty, from Caerphilly, Wales was Helen's first grandchild, before she went on to have 10 further grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren reports Wales Online. The pair had an inseparable bond, with Kirsty describing her as the "best woman who ever lived".   "My nan was a massive fan of Tom, she passed away sadly in February 2021 and it shattered my whole world," Kirsty said. "She had just turned 75 when she died. She was the bravest lady ever. She had lung cancer and she didn't even moan, she took it all in her stride and she passed away in my arms. "She always called me her little princess and I'm the furthest away from a princess that you can imagine, but to my nan I was a princess and I wasn't going to argue with her. "She loved a rollie and loved watching the soaps, she was just so funny and cheeky. "She was the best woman who ever lived and I miss her so, so much." Although Helen never watched Tom perform live, Kirsty said she would regularly sing along to his hits, with her favourites being Delilah and You Are My World. But Kirsty said aside from Tom's iconic music, there might have been a more personal reason why her nan was such a hardcore fan. She said: "She always told me that when she was 14 she snogged him at a phone box in Ponty. "I've always believed her, but many didn't because you know what nans are like with their stories. She upheld that though, she was adamant." Kirsty said throwing a pair of her pants towards Tom Jones is exactly what Helen would have wanted. Kirsty even believes that her nanny gave a sign to show her approval at the plan. She said: "I took all her clothes when she passed and kept them. "When we booked Tom back in December when it was cancelled, I went to her grave and told her all about it. "I just know that if she was here with us she'd be there, shaking her hips and swinging her knickers and she'd want to throw them at Tom, so that's my aim today. "We had his song Green Green Grass of Home played at her funeral and then when I was writing on her knickers, it came on the radio." Kirsty attended the show last Saturday night at the Principality Stadium along with her fiancé and cousins. The Stereophonics headlined the evening along with Tom and other welsh performers. Speaking before the event, Kirsty said: "I'm not even bothered about the Stereophonics, we're just going down to see Tom for my nan. "I'm up in the top block as soon as Tom comes on, I'm going to throw them as far as I can and hope that people keep throwing them and that they get to Tom - or at least Tom gets to hear about it. "Out of all the knickers she had I had to make sure I picked her best Marks & Spencer ones, otherwise she'd be smacking my bum. She was quite particular about her knickers." In a Facebook post after the concert Kirsty wrote: "Update on Nanny's knickers - we know they got over the barrier right at the front of the stage by security while Sir Tom was singing but I don't think they got up to him. "I wonder where they are right now. "Thank you all so much for your shares and love and for helping them get as far as they did on their journey. "I know Nanny would be over the moon".