Baking soda is renowned for its uses around the home, and it can even be used to "restore the shine" of worn or tarnished silver jewellery. According to experts from Arm and Hammer, there are at least three different methods you can apply to bring your much-loved jewellery back to life. They said: "Instead of commercial silver polishes that contain harsh chemicals, polish silver with baking soda, water and aluminium foil for a fast and easy way to restore the shine." Creating a paste of baking soda and water is an easy way to clean large silver items and revive some of their sparkle. In a small bowl, combine baking soda and water then stir to create a thick paste. READ MORE: ‘Essential’ way to help ‘thicken’ grass and maintain ‘fabulous’ lawn Make sure the consistency is not too runny but is still wet. Next, dip a clean sponge or cloth into the paste and rub it onto any dirty patches on your silver. For heavily soiled jewellery items, you may need to leave the paste to sit for an extended amount of time. This can be up to 30 minutes. Next, rinse off the paste with cool water. Dry well and buff your items with a soft cloth. DON'T MISSHow to cool down a hot room without air conditioning [INSIGHT]How to clean gold - the only DIY method you should ever use [EXPLAINER]How to stop plants wilting in the heat - 5 ways to revive your plants [REPORT] According to Arm and Hammer: "The tarnish disappears as if by magic due to an electrolytic reaction which transfers the oxidised tarnish from the silver to the aluminium foil." To begin, line a large bowl or tray with aluminium foil, making sure the shiny side is facing up. Next, place your dirty silver jewellery items into the tray. Boil a pot of water and pour this into the tray, ensuring your items are submerged. Next, add two tablespoons of baking soda to the solution until it begins to bubble. Let your jewellery items soak for up to 30 minutes before removing them from the tray and rinsing well. You may need to use a soft-bristled brush to remove any build-up of baking soda from the crevices of your silver items. Similar to the previous method, this step includes a chemical reaction to help get your silver clean again. Line your pot or pan with aluminium foil before adding in your silver jewellery. Add around two or three inches of water to the pan, making sure to cover all items. Mix in one tablespoon of baking soda and salt, then bring to a boil. Boil the jewellery for around four minutes. According to Arm and Hammer's experts, the aluminium foil will become "tarnished" as items lose black spots caused by "oxidation". Remove your silver items once the water is cool or by using tongs. Finally, rinse each item with clean water and dry lightly with a soft cloth. 