Emma Raducanu is to continue her education studying Novak Djokovic and Rafa Nadal rather than going to Cambridge University. The Bromley teenager earned an A* in maths and an A in economics in her A levels last summer just before her Wimbledon debut. And her Romanian grannie revealed at the weekend she had been offered a place by one of the world’s most famous centres of learning. But although the US Open champion wants to eventually going back to hitting the books, for now she is swotting at SW19. Raducanu, who wore a top with Nadal’s logo after her first round win, said: “I love to watch tennis, I love to watch all the matches, I love watching people practising. I was watching Novak warm up and it’s actually quite fascinating to see the differences between him and Rafa. With Rafa you can feel his presence but Novak is extremely easy and fluid and the way he gets his power is very different.” Her paternal grandmother Niculina Raducanu claimed the famous university have told the 19-year-old she is “welcome any time” to study economics. “My Nan would definitely prefer me to go to Cambridge!” she said. “I haven’t applied for anything. Cambridge for me, I don’t have to do it now. I can always go back to my education and it's something I want to do because there’s more to life than tennis. It’s something I want to be going back to later on. Currently I will just learn but in other ways, not necessarily through a system.” Raducanu celebrated her US Open win with a chocolate frozen yoghurt in New York– and has identified another shop in south-west London after the Covid restrictions last year. “It is nice it is not a bubble this year and we can go out and do normal things,” she said. “I am really enjoying it.” “I’ve already scouted out the area and there’s a frozen yoghurt spot so I’m sure I will be hitting that. It’s my favourite treat because I can convince myself it’s healthy but it depends what toppings you put on it.”  Former player Jane O’Donoghue has joined her camp at Wimbledon but Raducanu insisted: “Jane isn’t really my coach, she has been around my whole career, she’s been part of my family almost, it’s just nice to have a friend, someone who has always been here and it definitely helps in big moments.” The British No.1 will need her help before a tough match today against former world No.4 Caroline Garcia who won the grasscourt title in Bad Homburg last weekend.      The French world No.55 said: “It has all happened in 12 months for her. From a player who was 350th to a worldwide phenomenon in every way. Especially with the sponsors and everyone. Good luck to her. “Her personality, her play is very attractive to everyone. I have just got to concentrate on the tennis.” 