FIA president Mohammed Ben Sulayem has backtracked in a statement after criticising Lewis Hamilton, Sebastian Vettel and Lando Norris. The former rally driver is overseeing an F1 season for the first time after taking up his current role last December. During an interview at last month’s Monaco Grand Prix, Ben Sulayem said motorsport had become “too political” and questioned whether F1 drivers should “impose” their beliefs on others. But his stance appears to have now changed after receiving criticism for his comments. “As a driver, I have always believed in sport as a catalyst of progress in society,” the 60-year-old wrote on Twitter. “That is why promoting sustainability, diversity and inclusion is a key priority of my mandate. In the same way, I value the commitment of all drivers and champions for a better future.” The F1 season will continue this weekend at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix, with drivers set to face the media for the first time since Ben Sulayem’s comments were published. And his initial remarks are unlikely to have gone down well in the paddock. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton's F1 motivation questioned by Sebastian Vettel   “Niki Lauda and Alain Prost only cared about driving,” Ben Sulayem said during an interview with GrandPrix247. “Now, Vettel drives a rainbow bicycle, Lewis is passionate about human rights and Norris addresses mental health. Everybody has the right to think. To me, it is about deciding whether we should impose our beliefs in something over the sport all the time. “I am from an Arabian culture. I am international and Muslim. I do not impose my beliefs on other people? No way. Never. If you look at my operation in the UAE - 16 nationalities. Name me one federation that has that many nationalities. DON'T MISSFIA president slams Hamilton and Vettel over 'rainbow' campaigning [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc sent Lewis Hamilton warning  [ANALYSIS]Russell's Mercedes expectations not met despite impressing vs Hamilton [COMMENT]    “On top, there are over 34 per cent women and seven religions. And even more Christians than Muslims. I am proud because it creates credibility and merit. But do I go and pose my beliefs? No. The rules are there, even now there are issues when it comes to - for example - jewellery, I didn't write that.” According to Sky Sports, the FIA have now stated that Ben Sulayem was voicing a personal opinion as the regulator of F1 when he made his original comments and does not wish to shut down the activism of drivers. And they have avowed that their president believes the FIA are aligned with causes that make the sport more diverse in terms of having neutrality over ethnicity and a mix of religions. 