Referring to her love of horse racing, Archbishop of York Stephen Cottrell said she is “still in the saddle”, even though Her Majesty was not able to attend. Instead, the 96-year-old reportedly watched the service from Windsor Castle.  The Queen had pulled out of the service after experiencing “some discomfort” during Trooping the Colour and the flypast on Thursday. Buckingham Palace said that “taking into account the journey and activity” required to participate in the service, she had “with great reluctance” decided not to attend. The Queen was not the only figure of significance to miss the service. The Duke of York pulled out after testing positive for coronavirus, which meant that he missed the only event of the four days of festivities that he was due to attend.   The Archbishop of Canterbury, who had been due to give the sermon, also had to cancel after contracting Covid. Instead his place was taken by the Archbishop of York, the Most Rev Stephen Cottrell, who said in his sermon: “We all know that Her Majesty likes horse racing. And, Your Majesty, I’m rather assuming that you’re watching this on the television. “I’m afraid I don’t have any great tips for the Derby tomorrow, but since the scriptures describe life as a race set before us, let me observe that your long reign reflects the distance of Aintree rather than the sprints of Epsom. “Certainly, less dressage than most people imagine. READ MORE: Jubilee LIVE: Lip reader says what royals REALLY said while on balcony  “But with endurance, through times of change and challenge, joy and sorrow, you continue to offer yourself in the service of our country and the Commonwealth. “Your Majesty, we’re sorry you’re not with us this morning, but we are so glad that you are still in the saddle. And we are all glad that there is still more to come. “So, thank you for staying the course. “Thank you for continuing to be faithful to the pledges you made 70 years ago. DON'T MISS:War in Ukraine marks ‘sombre counterpoint’ Medical staff members stabbed in LA as suspect barricades insideQueen ‘finally meets Lilibet’