Neymar and Xavi are both ready to try and broker a sensational return to Barcelona for the PSG star, according to reports. The Samba star previously spent four glittering years at the Nou Camp. And a Hollywood homecoming to Catalonia could be on the cards after the Ligue 1 giants put him up for sale. Neymar sent shockwaves reverberating around world football when he left Barcelona for PSG back in the summer transfer window of 2017. The Ligue 1 giants believed the Brazil international would be the ticket to Champions League glory but, five years on, that hasn’t happened. PSG have put Neymar up for sale this summer, while the reigning French champions are also open to loan offers - providing potential suitors pay his wages in full. Onze, via Sport, have claimed Neymar and Xavi are both aligned when it comes to the Brazil international heading back to the Nou Camp this summer. It’s stated that Neymar, ever since his move to PSG in 2017, has tried to broker a return. And it’s claimed this summer ‘would not be the exception’ with the 30-year-old determined to play for the Blaugrana once again. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Xavi, it’s stated, has ‘never hidden his desire to bring Neymar back to the club’. The duo were previously team-mates in Catalonia, with both players striking up a good relationship on and off the pitch. And they both played a key role as Barcelona won the La Liga, Copa del Rey and Champions League treble in 2015, when Luis Enrique was manager. PSG have Neymar tied down to a contract that runs until June 2025. And it’s claimed that, if the Ligue 1 side decide to cut the player loose, he’d have cost them £172million in wages - on top of the £200m fee they paid for him. It’s going to be a big summer of change at PSG as they set their sights on finally winning the Champions League trophy they covet most. Mauricio Pochettino’s head is set to roll, with Nice boss Christophe Galtier chosen to be the next manager of the club. Sporting director Leonardo has departed, with Luis Campos arriving following a glowing endorsement from Kylian Mbappe - who recently rejected Real Madrid. Angel Di Maria, who has been at the club ever since his departure from Manchester United in 2014, has departed on a free. And more casualties are expected as PSG look to create a squad capable of finally guiding them to European glory. Meanwhile, Brazil boss Tite was recently asked about Neymar and his best position. And he made it clear that the Samba star should be used centrally, insisting any boss that uses him out wide at this stage of his career is a ‘donkey’. He said: “He is not a problem, he is a solution. Sometimes they say that there he will make more mistakes. “His position makes him make more mistakes, because when he does it creatively, he will be decisive. “If a coach selects Neymar from the side of the team, if I watch the game I will call him a donkey. “A player with these qualities, putting on the bandwagon, greatly restricts creative capacity. “Creativity is not constancy, it is eventuality, it is circumstantial. He will make more mistakes, yes, because his creative capacity and the place he is in demand it.' Neymar said on his Netflix documentary released in January he was happy his attempts to rejoin Barcelona in the past failed. “When I made the decision to leave PSG, it wasn't because of a fan or a club,” he said. “It's because I saw that I felt better elsewhere. “I never did anything against the PSG fans, nor against the club itself. It was never that. “It's the opposite. I am very grateful, we are on the same side, we defend the same shirt. I am here to help.”