Manchester United legend Gary Neville is fearing that his former side are not acting quickly enough in the summer transfer window. The Red Devils have reportedly been in talks with Barcelona’s Frenkie De Jong, but a deal has still not been reached for the midfielder. United boss Erik ten Hag has a crucial summer on his hands if he is to change the fortunes of his new side. The club are in desperate need of a shakeup, and with so many players already out of the door, due to contract expiries, there is plenty of space for the former Ajax boss to bring in new signings. The club have been linked with numerous players, though their interest in Netherlands midfielder De Jong is concrete. United and Barca have been in talks for over a week but a deal is yet to be reached, amongst other targets being approached, and Neville is concerned that other top clubs are getting deals over the line a lot quicker. He tweeted: “I know it’s early in the window but it’s worrying that United are struggling to get business done. The others seem set and ready, yet United can’t get moving. “Erik ten Hag needs this group together ASAP to mould them. Bringing them in late will only make it harder for him! Fingers crossed it happens soon!” The Red Devils are expected to spend big this summer, with acquiring a central defender, midfielder and striker all priorities. Ten Hag is reportedly set to dip back into the Eredivisie to bolster his ranks, more specifically his former Ajax squad. Defender Jurrien Timber and versatile forward Antony, are both believed to be of interest to United, and signing both would mean that Ten Hag has a small core group of players that understand and know his methods. As does De Jong, who came through the ranks at Ajax whilst the manager was in charge. The midfielder originally was vocal in how he wanted to remain at Barca, though the La Liga side’s financial situation means that there is now a willingness to part ways with the 25-year-old. Reports have speculated that a fee in the region of £80million for the Camp Nou outfit to let De Jong depart.