Television licences are a requirement for households in the UK to watch programming as it is being broadcast live. This additional tax is also needed to watch the BBC or stream content on services as it is being broadcast live, such as BBC iPlayer. While a body called TV Licensing is responsible for managing the fee, the Government is in-charge of implementing any discounts. While not a traditional concession, households are able to apply for a refund on their TV licence fee if they meet certain criteria. Currently, the cost of a coloured television licence is £159 per household, which covers all devices. It should be noted that black and white television licences cost half the amount of a coloured licence fee, and those who are blind also get a 50 percent discount. On top of this, the Government has recently imposed a two-year freeze on the licence fee as it looks into other ways to fund the BBC. READ MORE: Inheritance warning as Britons shell out £100,000 unnecessarily  People are able to apply for a refund on their television licence if they will no longer need it again before its expiration date. On top of this, each household must also have at least one complete month left in order to claim the refund. Furthermore, households can apply for a refund if their licence expired less than two years ago. Refund forms can be found on the TV Licensing website, which will provide guidance to those struggling with the application.  The refund form appears as an online application which those looking for a refund can fill in. Those applying for the refund do not need to worry about calculating how much they will get back as this will be done for them by TV Licensing. As part of their refund application, claimants should include the name on their TV Licence, address and postcode. As well as this, applicants will need to give their TV licence number to successfully put forward a refund claim. READ MORE: Dave Ramsey suggests how widow who 'can't afford to eat' can get by Applicants should also add the date from when they no longer need the licence within the application. If people are not eligible for a refund, they can still cancel their licence online via the TV Licensing website. Those who are moving home are told to move their licence to their new address and not request a refund. On the TV Licensing website, the body gives guidance to those who are looking into applying for the licence fee refund. TV Licensing stated: “You can request a refund for your TV Licence if you won’t need your licence again before it expires, and you have at least one complete month left on it or your licence expired less than two years ago. “If you’re eligible for an over 75 or blind concession, you can apply at any time and for any length of time left on your licence. Working out precise refund amounts can be complicated. But we will do it for you. “We’ll look carefully at the information you give us and let you know if we can offer you a refund, and how much it will be.”