There's a massive day ahead for iPhone and iPad users with Apple's yearly WWDC Developers Conference taking place at the tech firm's HQ in Cupertino. Sitting through a developer's conference might not sound particularly thrilling but WWDC is hugely important as it's where we'll find out exactly what Apple has in store for all of those phones and tablets we already own. During the keynote, which starts at 6pm BST, Apple will almost certainly lift the lid on its next versions of iOS, iPadOS, macOS and watchOS with all of these popular operating systems getting new features that will arrive on current devices later this year. Apple always keeps its upcoming launches very close to its chest so little is known about what upgrades the firm could be planning. However, rumours are rife that this will be a big launch reports suggesting that we might see an always-on function coming to the iPhone for the first time. This is something Android devices have had for a while and means the screen constantly displays the time, date and any notifications that need attention. The iPhone could also get a refresh to its pre-loaded apps such as Notes and Safari and the current notification system also looks set for some upgrades. If it's an iPad you own then watch out for improvements to multitasking with Apple expected to make using its tablet even more like a fully functioning laptop. Other updates could include more AR features coming to the iPhone and iPad plus better health tracking on the Apple Watch. We'll have to wait and see if Apple is finally ready to launch blood pressure monitoring on its wearable which is something that has been rumoured for some time. As well as showing off new software upgrades, Apple could throw in a few surprises including hardware such as new MacBooks that will be powered by the M2 processor. We've already seen what Apple's M1 silicon is capable of with its current lineup of laptops receiving rave reviews. It's almost certain that the new M2 chip will take things to a whole new level with more power and even better efficiency. Finally, there's plenty of speculation that Apple could reveal its very first wearables for your face. It's thought the company is working on some tech specs taht will bring notifications and mixed reality to those wearing them. Almost all of the big tech firms are working on gadget goggles and it's unlikely that Apple will want to miss out on releasing this new technology. We'll find out more tomorrow from 6pm BST. Express.co.uk will be in Cupertino and will bring you all the news live as it happens.