Piers Morgan caused a stir on social media after the Uncensored host issued a brutal dig at Meghan Markle who joined the Royal Family to celebrate Queen Elizabeth II who has marked 70 years on the throne. The Talk TV host appeared to mock the Duchess of Sussex, who has kept a low profile at the celebrations, alongside her husband Prince Harry. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** The 56-year-old took to Twitter and shared a photo of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridges' son Prince Louis who put on animated display during the Jubilee flypast. The four-year-old, along with his two elder siblings, joined the senior members of the Royal Family on the Trooping the Colour balcony. Social media users claimed that Prince Louis "stole the show" during his Buckingham Palace balcony appearance on Thursday as the little royal was spotted pulling faces. At one point, he also covered his ears during the Jubilee flypast. READ MORE: Amanda Holden sparks viewer complaints as BGT star spills out of dress In one photo, Prince Louis appeared to be exasperated by the planes which flew overhead. Taking to Twitter, Piers took aim at the Duchess of Sussex in a cheeky swipe. In view of his 7.9 million followers, he penned: "[Laughing emoji] "Is this when Aunty Meghan arrived?" The post caused a stir on social media as the presenter received over 6,000 likes. His comments come after the Duchess of Sussex was spotted from one of the windows overlooking Horse Guards Parade, from where the royals watched the Trooping the Colour parade, sharing an adorable moment with three young members of the Firm. Meghan, who returned to the UK overnight with Prince Harry, was photographed playfully pulling faces with Peter Phillips' daughters Isla and Savannah and Mike and Zara Tindall's eldest child Mia. In another snap, Meghan appeared to be getting closer to Savannah, who is seemingly ready to give her a kiss. This marked Meghan and Harry's first public appearance during the extended weekend of celebrations for the Queen. DON'T MISS... Amber Heard can't afford to pay Johnny Depp $8m, says lawyer[LATEST]David Beckham mocked by fans as he 'begs' for knighthood[ROYALS]Johnny Depp spotted again in UK after victory against Amber Heard[PICTURES] And it also represented the first time they have been seen together during a major royal event since March 2020. After the parade, Meghan and Harry did not step onto the Buckingham Palace balcony alongside the Queen to watch the RAF flypast. This is because the Queen announced last month she would only be surrounded for this occasion by working members of the Firm. While Prince Louis received laughs on social media as the young royal pulled faces, made a screaming face and covered his ears on the balcony. A Twitter user tweeted under the handle @elliot_gonzalez, shared a screengrab of Kate and William's youngest son. The tweet was captioned with the heading: "Prince Louis stealing the show #PlatinumJubilee". Another user, @Kat_h81, commented on Elliot's post. This user wrote: "Bet he's quite a character".