Sir Rod Stewart, 77, has said he will play a very special Edinburgh show in honour of his late father – a plumber from Leith who died in 1990. While the exact venue is still to be announced, the date, November 13, has been pencilled in for fans of the legendary crooner. The Maggie May singer shared the big news ahead of Father's Day when he shared a video montage dedicated to his dad. The performer shared a variety of unearthed pictures and videos of his father and his children from over the years. In addition, the musician's fans praised the singer after he also revealed a select number of tickets across Sir Rod's tour will be donated to NHS frontline workers. In view of his 1.1 million followers, he penned: "Ahead of Father’s Day, I'm announcing a very special show in Edinburgh on November 13th in honour of my late father. READ MORE: 'Smoke and mirrors' Ben Shephard addresses break from ITV show "The show’s venue will be confirmed very soon and the announcement comes ahead of a video for my track ‘Touchline’ – which will be available at 3pm UK tomorrow. "In addition, select tickets across my tour will be donated to NHS frontline workers." He continued: "If you know anything about me you know that our dad’s love of football has most definitely left its impact on me and my brothers and I’m delighted that it’s now such an important part of my children’s lives as well. "The song Touchline was my tribute to him and I’m so happy and moved that the new video takes that to the ultimate level just in time for Father’s Day." His daughters Renee and Ruby Stewart replied to the post with a series of heart emojis. Gregorio Maria gushed: "Great Celebration to Him ..a sweet gift that you made to remember HIM." Queenbmck commented: "Aww this is very touching! God bless your dear Dad! Happy Father’s Day Sir Rod!" JenAnistonFans penned: "Thank you for being so amazing @sirrodstewart what a beautiful gesture and what a way to honour your late father." DON'T MISS... Our Yorkshire Farm's Clive Owen, 67, sparks concern after Amanda split[LATEST]Danny Miller unveils new role after quitting Emmerdale for ‘new path’[TV]Helen Skelton stuns in busty hot pink jumpsuit at Royal Ascot[PICTURES] Purple Charlie quizzed: "How do we apply for NHS frontline worker tickets!? My mum's a huge fan and I’d love to take her to say thank you for all the help she’s given me whilst I’ve been working and she’s been looking after my daughter." MarieCoffey remarked: "Beautiful tribute to your Dad. Happy Fathers day Rod." Laura mused: "These are the things that make us admire you more everyday!" Ellie added: "Would love to be at the Edinburgh venue, both my mother and I are NHS workers and love a good party." Sir Rod launched a 38-date North American tour with Cheap Trick that’s set to run through mid-September. The trek marks his first tour in four years, which was delayed two years by the pandemic. Additionally, the veteran musician will return to his Rod Stewart: The Hits Las Vegas residency at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace for a series of shows from September 23 to October 1. Sir Rod will follow the North American dates with a massive UK arena tour that kicks off in Nottingham on November 16 with additional stops in London, Glasgow, Aberdeen, Liverpool, Birmingham, Leeds and Manchester before concluding In Newcastle on December 22.