Stroke is becoming increasingly survivable, but the disability that ensues can be debilitating. Experts believe up to 90 percent of brain attacks could be avoided by making appropriate lifestyle amendments. According to the findings of a new study, a nutritional deficiency that affects one in six adults in the UK could be linked to the disease. The findings of a new study have added weight to the argument that vitamin D is vital for the brain. Researchers from the University of Australia made the discovery during an analysis of genetic data from 294,512 participants from the UK Biobank. The relationship between stroke risk and vitamin D deficiency has previously been explored by researchers at Johns Hopkins. In one of the institution’s earlier studies, the scientists found low levels of vitamin D doubled the risk of stroke in white people, but not black people. READ MORE: Stroke: The ‘terrible’ symptom that could point to the ‘medical emergency’ - first signs Scientists explained that vitamin D exerts potent anti-thrombotic and neuro-protection actions. Professor Elina Hyppönen, senior investigator on the latest study, and Director of UniSA’s Australian Centre for Prevision Health said: "Vitamin D is a hormone precursor that is increasingly recognised for widespread effects, including on brain health, but until now it has been very difficult to examine what would happen if we were able to prevent vitamin D deficiency." She continued: "Our study is the first to examine the effect of very low levels of vitamin D on the risks of dementia and stroke, using robot genetic analyses among large populations." The findings chime with previous research highlighting the role of vitamin D supplementation in the prevention of recurring strokes. In 2017, a study published in the Journal of Clinical and Diagnostic suggested maintaining optimal levels of vitamin D could offset the risk of future brain attacks. Another key finding to emerge from the study was that vitamin D deficiency appeared to have a causal effect on the development of dementia as well. Professor Hyppönen added: "In some contexts, where vitamin D deficiency is relatively common, our findings have important implications for dementia risks." Indeed, in this UK population, we observed that up to 17 percent of dementia cases might have been avoided by boosting vitamin D levels to be within a normal range. "If we’re able to change this reality through ensuring that none of us is severely vitamin D deficient, it would also have further benefits and we could change the health and wellbeing of thousands. "Most of us are likely to be ok, but for anyone who for whatever reason may not receive enough vitamin D from the sun, modifications to diet may not be enough, and supplementation may well be needed." Vitamin D deficiency is rife in the UK, particularly among infants less than five years and people aged over 65. Recent studies have warned that people hit hardest by COVID-19 could be almost twice as likely to be deficient in vitamin D.