Daisy Payne is a gardener and TV presenter whom readers may recognise from ITV's This Morning. She suggested moving your house plants today as the hot weather may be doing damage to them now. Today's weather is precited to soar to 32C. While many will enjoy the heat, plants are likely to suffer. Daisy said: "However, tropical plants are used to cool, humid air rather than our hot, dry heat." This includes the likes of palms, Bird of Paradise, Fiddle Leaf Fig, Rubber Trees, and Peace Lilies. You can help them out by moving them, the expert suggested. READ MORE: How to create the perfect water for your peace lily plant - Mark Lane She told Express.co.uk: "Try to make sure your plants are out of direct sunlight so that the sun doesn't scorch the leaves of your beloved plants. "You could also think about putting your houseplants in your bathroom during the hot temperatures and you could also mist them too." The bathroom is often the coolest and most humid room of the house, making it a good place for plants to sit out the hot temperatures. Misting plants with water in a spray bottle will help inject a little life into them, and these sprays can be made very easily at home. DON'T MISSRepeat this twice a week and your plant will be happy [EXPERT] Keep orchids alive and to avoid 'killing them with kindness' [INSIGHT] 'Really good tip': House plant watering hack [TRICK] It's important to water your plants on a scorching day such as today. However, be careful not to go overboard - this is also harmful to the health of plants. Daisy said: "Soil dries out quickly in the heat, so your plants will probably need a little more water, but don't overdo it. "Overwatering can be really damaging too, so it's a tricky balance to get right. "Stick your finger in the soil to see if it needs to be watered - that's the best tip I can give you. "If it's dry at your fingertip, then soak the soil until water runs out of the holes in the bottom of the pot. "I do this in the bath or shower for ease." Don't worry though, some of your house plants will be in their element on a hot day like today. Daisy said: "When it comes to house plants, cacti and succulents will be loving life right now. So don't worry about those!" Make it humid Add a humidifier to the room, or mist the plants with water. Otherwise, put your plant on top of a plate with pebbles and water, which will make its environment moister. Get shady Leaves in direct sunlight will burn just like skin. Move your plants out of the direct sun. Be cool Try to keep the house as cool as possible, by using air-con or drafts with open windows. Avoid too much gardening Don't fertilise or report plants in a heatwave. Fertiliser can burn the plant and cause stress. Repotting, too, will cause far too much stress to your plant at this time. Don't prune either, for similar reasons.