Jason Donovan, 54, has spoken out as the world prepares to say goodbye to beloved Australian soap, Neighbours. The iconic show is responsible for launching the careers of many stars including Guy Pearce, Margot Robbie, Russell Crowe, and most famously, Jason and Kylie Minogue. To mark the end of the show after 37 years, Kylie and Jason have reunited as their characters Charlene and Scott.They will return to Ramsay Street for the soap’s last ever episode, which will air in August.Appearing on Zoe Ball’s Radio Two breakfast show today, Jason opened up about filming the final scenes.Zoe said that she imagined it was “pretty emotional”. READ MORE:Joan Collins, 88, wows fans with natural snap Jason replied: “You know, it is sad of course about Neighbours. But it is also time to celebrate it.“And for me, it’s honestly about not forgetting where you came from.“It’s about paying respect to the past because that show changed my life and it changed Kylie’s, Guy’s and many others.“You don’t forget that. “So, we want to respect its place in history.”The final episode was filmed earlier this year but show bosses have remained tight-lipped about what's in store for viewers.Earlier this week, pop legend Kylie also spoke out about her emotional return.She told Sky News: “A few of us went back to shoot a scene or whatever we had time for. DON'T MISSJames Martin in rare outing with secretive girlfriend Louise Davies[LATEST]Nick Knowles, 59, and girlfriend Katie Dadzie, 32, loved-up at Ascot[PICTURES]Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux[INSIGHT] “It was emotional going back to the set. And it felt beautiful actually the fact that we could see each other. I haven’t seen these people in, some of them for over 30 years.“Life passes by and we have all gone through different stuff so just to be face-to-face and say, ‘Wow, this is part of our history’.“It was great.”Charlene and Scott’s infamous wedding was watched by more than two million Australians in 1987, and almost 20 million more when it aired in the UK the following year. After playing such an important part in Neighbours’ history, executive producer Jason Herbison confirmed they would play “a very special part” in the show’s finale.In a statement shared on Twitter last month, Jason said: “Scott and Charlene are the ultimate Neighbours couple, and it would not feel right to end the show without them.“We are thrilled that Jason and Kylie have come home to play a very special part in our series finale.“It has been an emotional experience for them, for us and I'm sure it will be for our viewers." The final episode of Neighbours will air August 1 on Channel 5.