Arsenal are set to unveil Gabriel Jesus imminently. And, ahead of his presentation at the Emirates, it's emerged he'll wear the No 9 jersey previously occupied by Alexandre Lacazette. Video footage posted on social media shows the Brazil international soaking in his new surroundings as he gears up for his next challenge in north London. Arsenal have agreed to pay a huge £45million for Jesus, who was also linked with a move to Tottenham before it became clear he’d be moving to the Gunners. And, now, a video posted on social media by @JoshMonk1998 has shown the striker’s shirt number as he walks around the Emirates pitch ahead of his unveiling. It seems Jesus will be donning the No 9 shirt next term, which isn’t exactly a surprise. It was previously occupied by Lacazette for five years before the France international sealed a return to Lyon earlier this summer. Arsenal believe Jesus can be a significant addition to their squad, while he’s also set to act as a replacement for both Lacazette and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. Aubameyang had previously been the Gunners’ first-choice striker but, after falling out with Mikel Arteta, was allowed to join Barcelona in January. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Jesus is set to become Arsenal’s third signing of the summer, too. Fabio Vieira has touched down from Porto, with the midfielder hoping to get into the Gunners' midfield. And they’ve also landed Marquinhos from Brazilian club Sao Paulo, paying a fee of £3.15m for the winger. Jesus moved to City back in the January transfer window of 2016 and, since then, has become a cult hero at the Etihad Stadium. He won four Premier League titles during his spell in Manchester, while also propelling them to Carabao Cup glory on three separate occasions. Meanwhile, former City star Dieter Hamann has opened up on Jesus’ imminent move to Arsenal this summer. And he feels Pep Guardiola could be making a ‘mistake’ by letting the Brazil international move to a Premier League rival. Speaking to Genting Casino, he said: "Pep Guardiola is making a mistake by letting Gabriel Jesus leave. “Erling Haaland has had his injury problems and the Premier League is a very physical league. "If you look at Gabriel Jesus’ stats, they’re brilliant. He’s scored a lot of goals for them, so I’m surprised he’s been allowed to leave." Arsenal legend Ray Parlour, meanwhile, is delighted with the news that Jesus is primed to join. “It’s a brilliant signing. Centre-forward was the area that they needed to strengthen,” he said. “We knew that [Alexandre] Lacazette’s contract was up and he was moving on and so Gabriel Jesus, to get him through the door is incredible. “You see the pictures in the papers of Edu hugging him, he’ll be delighted to get a player of his calibre and what he’s done so far in his career. “He’ll obviously know Mikel Arteta as well. “I’m really looking forward to seeing how he settles into the Arsenal side.”