 This weekend, Queen Elizabeth II celebrates her Platinum Jubilee, marking 70 years on the throne as Britain’s longest-serving monarch. From Thursday, June 2 to Sunday, June 5, nationwide celebrations will honour the historic reign of Her Majesty, with people encouraged to host parties, picnics and parades. Scheduled royal events include: Trooping the Colour, Party at the Palace and the big finale — the Platinum Jubilee Pageant. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 **  The culminating spectacle will combine street art, theatre, music, circus, carnival and costume to celebrate the Queen’s unwavering duty and dedication to her country and the Commonwealth. Described as a constant face in a changing world, Her Majesty has stayed true to her 1947 pledge in which she dedicated her “whole life” to service. Howard Hodgson, royal expert and author of ‘Charles - The Man Who Will Be King’, has claimed the Queen has stuck to her commitment by “always putting the monarchy first” whether or not it was the “right thing to do” for her family. Mr Hodgson told Express.co.uk: “She [the Queen] has always put the country first, so she has taken the advice of the institution to put the country first.  “It wasn’t necessarily always the right thing to do for the family because sometimes it didn’t concern the country. “But she was putting the monarchy first, and she has always put the monarchy first. “She has been a very, very good Queen.” Mr Hodgson added that her dedication to the country meant she “broke promises” to members of the Royal Family, including her younger sister Princess Margaret.  He said: “At times, the Queen let the ‘men in grey suits’, as Diana called them, control her. “As a result, she has broken her promises to Princess Margaret and to other people in the Royal Family, not because she wished to but because she was told to by the ‘men in grey suits’ [the royal courtiers].” Here, Mr Hodgson refers to Margaret’s relationship with Group Captain Peter Townsend — a man twice her age who had recently been divorced. Captain Townsend had divorced his wife on the grounds of adultery and subsequently proposed to Margaret, whom he had fallen in love with while acting as an equerry first to George VI and then to Elizabeth II.  However, under the Royal Marriages Act of 1772, the Queen was required to give permission for the marriage and, under pressure from the government of Winston Churchill and the Church of England which opposed divorce, she refused. Later though, Her Majesty reportedly drew up a plan that would allow Margaret to marry Peter, but the arrangement would require the princess to give up her right to the throne and those of her children. Surprisingly, three days after the proposal was produced, Margaret herself announced that she would not be marrying Captain Townsend after all — the reasoning behind her decision remains a mystery. The princess’ next relationship with the respected photographer Antony Armstrong-Jones did result in marriage.  Margaret and Antony got married in a lavish wedding at Westminster Abbey on May 6, 1960 — it was the first Royal Wedding to be televised and was watched by over 20 million people. As Margaret’s father had died eight years earlier, her brother-in-law, Prince Philip, walked her down the aisle. The couple welcomed two children — Viscount David Linley and Lady Sarah Frances Elizabeth Armstrong-Jones (now Chatto). However, their relationship later turned disastrous with reports of multiple affairs.  In 1976, the couple announced their separation and divorced two years later. Margaret was the first senior member of the Royal Family to divorce in 77 years.