The third spin-off of Courtney Kemp and 50 Cent’s hit Starz series picked back up with Tommy Egan (played by Joseph Sikora) after a long two-year wait from the conclusion of the original series. Now, Power fans won’t have too much longer to wait as leading man Joseph has returned to Chicago to start filming Book IV: Force’s highly anticipated second season. The official Twitter page for StarzPlay UK revealed a new image of Joseph in character as Tommy alongside the exciting announcement. They captioned the snap: “Thinking of a masterplan...#PowerForce season two now filming.” Fans of Power were ecstatic, as filming underway means it won’t be long before the first trailers and plot details are released. Twitter user @babycakes__luv said: “Yes Power Book IV: Force Season 2 is now filming. Can't wait til it comes back.” READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen lands new project @OutlanderTB12 exclaimed below Starz’s post: “Oh yeah!!!!! Great news... “So looking forward to season two. What will Tommy do next?” The show’s leading star Tommy also took to his personal Instagram to confirm he was back in the saddle. In his new post, he said: “In the words of the great @gary_lennon “TOMMY’S BACK!!!!!” “I can’t wait to show you what we are doing. This season is gonna hit different.” Several fans have already showered his update with appreciative comments as they start to anticipate the next season of Force. @pr_sexibabez posted several fire emojis and commented: “Can’t wait, my favourite actor on Tommy, bring it on.” @b.i.g_splxsh added: “This season gonna be lit as f**k.” DON'T MISS:The Boys delay: Boss issues apology after episode 4 delayed [COMMENT]Virgin River plot hole: Netflix fans fume over glaring medical error [BLUNDER]Succession’s Brian Cox claims he ‘almost got cancelled’ [INSIGHT] “Can’t wait!!!” @123lowkey123 said. And @udoh_godspower replied: “Tommy my guy.” The same user then pleaded: “Ain’t you gonna give us a date?” And @j_willo2004 asked: “When does the season drop?” (sic) A premiere date for season two has yet to be officially set, but new episodes of Force will most likely start hitting screens at the start of 2023. The spin-off’s first season began in February this year and concluded in April with some major ramifications for Tommy to deal with when he returns to screens. Tommy and his new partner Vic Flynn (Shane Harper) were both left devastated when Gloria (Gabrielle Ryan) was killed by a Serbian hitman. He later revealed it was actually Vic’s father, Walter Flynn (Tommy Flanagan), who wanted Gloria dead, though his son showed mercy and kept him alive at the last minute. As the drug war in Chicago builds to a crescendo, fans will have to tune in next year to find out if leaving Walter at large was a grave mistake. Power Book IV: Force is available on Starz in the USA and on StarzPlay in the UK.