The carriage ride along the Mall marked the first time the Cambridge children joined the carriage procession with other senior members of the Royal Family. Although all three children appeared excited about the celebrations and waved to royal fans lining the way, Prince George, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's eldest child, seemed slightly "tentative" during the carriage procession. Speaking on Sky News, royal correspondent Rhiannon Mills discussed the young heir to the throne's cautious manner. Ms Mills said: "This is a weekend like no other. "We have never seen a Platinum Jubilee in this country before, no other monarch has ever marked 70 years on the throne." The royal correspondent added: "Yes, there's the big official pageantry spectacle, but also I think, we are reminded at the centre of this, there is a family, who all come together to celebrate this amazing milestone for their mother, their grandmother, and their grandmother." Ms Mills continued: "That is why Prince William and Kate decided that today was the right moment when Prince George, Prince Louis, and Princess Charlotte should all have their moment in a carriage. READ MORE: Meghan meets Mia in adorable display as Duchess makes first return since Megxit row "We saw them riding past and have to say, Prince George was slightly tentative about his waving. "But Louis and Charlotte definitely giving it a good go". Ms Mills pointed out that the trio were in the carriage "with the Duchess of Cornwall", as well as their mother, Kate. The royal expert commended Princess Charlotte's royal wave and called her a "little star in the making'. READ MORE: Prince George looks all grown-up as he joins Kate and William for FIFTH time on balcony Over the past year, all three of the Cambridge children have increasingly appeared at a number of royal events with their parents. For this year's Easter celebrations, the two eldest Cambridge children attended the traditional service at Windsor's St George's Chapel with William and Kate. Eight-year-old George and Charlotte, 7, also appeared at a special thanksgiving service in honour of their late great-grandfather Prince Philip. DON'T MISS Queen 'won't allow' Meghan and Harry to publish photos - claim [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan facing Spotify 'pressure' to break 'promise to Queen' [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle 'will only curtsy to the Queen' at Jubilee - claim [VIDEO] The service took place in April, almost a year after his death at the age of 99. Although he has appeared at fewer events, four-year-old Louis was previously seen at a charity pantomime at the London Palladium. This event was attended by all five of the family.