Wordle fans have been treated to a brand new puzzle for June 13. The new Wordle is live for 24-hours only, which means you don't have long to crack the code and keep your winning streak alive. If you're struggling with Wordle 359 for June 13, you've come to the right place, because Express Online has put together a selection of spoiler-free hints and clues, which can be found at the bottom of the page. Good luck! The word game that spawned a thousand clones, Wordle is the perfect game for when you have ten minutes to spare and need to relax. The concept is extremely simple, challenging players to figure out a five letter word in just six guesses. To do so you'll need to use the process of elimination to rule out different letters. If, for example, a letter tile turns grey after one of your guesses, you can deduce that this particular letter doesn't feature in today's word. If a tile turns yellow, then the letter is in the word, just not in the right place, while a green tile means the letter is in the word and in the correct position. The aim is to solve each puzzle in as few guesses as possible. You can then share your progress on social media, showing friends, family and random followers exactly how brainy you are. If you fail to solve the puzzle, then you'll have to wait until the following day for a new Wordle to be released. And because the Wordle site tracks your statistics, failure means losing your hard-earned winning streak - something you'll be reminded about every time you login. If you want to avoid losing your streak, keep on reading for the latest Wordle hints for the June 13 puzzle... General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'RAISE' is a good word to start with, while 'TOUCH' is a decent second guess. I also like to use the word 'CRANE' as an opening guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 359 hints and clues for June 13... 1. Wordle 359 starts with the letter D. 2. Wordle 359 contains just one vowel, but it appears twice. 3. To give something away.