Joao Felix's previous comments on a future transfer to Tottenham Hotspur could offer Antonio Conte hope of a stunning summer switch. Atletico Madrid manager Diego Simeone is reportedly ready to cash in on the 22-year-old, just three years after his £114million arrival. Felix has ultimately failed to live up to lofty expectations since leaving Benfica for Atletico, scoring 29 goals in 110 appearances across three campaigns. And Simeone no longer views him as an indispensable member of his squad ahead of the 2022-23 season, potentially opening the door for a Premier League move. Felix's agent is in contact with several clubs, with Paris Saint-Germain among those his services have been offered to, Barca Times report. The Portugal international's departure 'isn't ruled out', and should a suitable offer arrive, Atletico might not stand in his way through the exit door. He was linked to Tottenham in the summer of 2019 before securing a big-money move to Madrid, becoming the world's fourth most expensive player behind Kylian Mbappe, Neymar and Philippe Coutinho. Just days after, he was asked whether a move to Spurs could be on the cards in the future. Felix replied: "I don't know, maybe one day." JUST IN: Gabriel Jesus to Arsenal could be 'done in hours'  In the same summer, Tottenham fended off interest from Atletico to sign Giovani Lo Celso from Real Betis in a £45m deal. Simeone is understood to be a huge fan of his fellow Argentine and has tracked him since his Betis days. After a successful loan stint at Villarreal in the second half of last season, helping Unai Emery's side to the Champions League semi-finals, a return to Spain in the coming months is on the cards. With Spurs ready to accept £17m to sell Lo Celso this summer, Conte could ponder using him as a makeweight in a blockbuster pursuit of Felix. READ MORE: Man Utd suffer latest transfer blow as Malcolm Ebiowei snubs Ten Hag  The Italian head coach is eyeing a new forward as part of mass changes ahead of his first full season at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. Spurs have already signed Fraser Forster and Ivan Perisic on free transfers and recruited Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Yves Bissouma for £25m. Conte is said to want three more signings - a right-wing-back (Djed Spence), a left-sided centre-back and a forward. If Felix is interested in a move, the Portuguese star could fulfil the latter objective, which is set to become even more of a priority with Steven Bergwijn now closing in a move to Ajax. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here