A national service of thanksgiving will be held at St Paul’s Cathedral at 9.15am today to acknowledge the Queen’s dedicated service as British monarch. Her Majesty made the last-minute decision on Thursday night to not attend the service, "with great reluctance" the monarch pulled out because the journey to St Paul's and the length of the service will make it too difficult to attend. Other members of the Royal Family are expected to attend, including Meghan Markle and Prince Harry who relocated to the US two years ago, making it the biggest royal gathering since the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s wedding. It will be broadcast live on BBC One, with presenters David Dimbleby, Sophie Raworth and Kirsty Young reflecting on the Queen’s 70-year reign. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** Dimbleby will lead viewers through the service and provide expert commentary from inside the cathedral. The 83-year-old journalist and former current affairs correspondent has covered the Royal Family for decades, and is one of a trio of Dimblebys who have a long-standing connection to the royals. His younger brother, Jonathan Dimbleby, presented the now-infamous documentary about Prince Charles, during which the Prince of Wales admitted to engaging in extramarital affairs during his marriage to Diana, Princess of Wales. Their father, the late Richard Dimbleby, a senior BBC journalist anchored the corporation's coverage of the funeral of King George VI in 1952, and of Queen Elizabeth's coronation the next year. In 1997, the BBC adopted the hereditary principle and chose the younger Dimbleby to head its coverage of the funeral of Diana. He has since opened up on a “touching” moment he shared with the late Princess, telling The Guardian in 2010 that the Princess of Wales came up with a nickname for him. He said: "We once had a Tango party at my house and I ended up dancing the tango with Margot Fonteyn. "With Princess Diana, I think I jived. Each of them called me 'Dimble Toes' afterwards, which was rather touching." Dimbleby continued his royal reporting at the BBC following Diana’s funeral — he was the anchor for the Queen Mother's funeral in 2002 and the Queen's Golden Jubilee celebrations the same year. Since his retirement from the BBC in 2018, the veteran broadcaster has taken on occasional reporting duties, and his upcoming role in the Platinum Jubilee celebrations will rekindle his and his family’s long-standing connection with the Royal Family. The special Service of Thanksgiving will honour and show gratitude for Queen Elizabeth II’s historic reign. If she had attended, Her Majesty would have led the nation and the Royal Family in prayer to mark her monumental milestone. Due to the Queen’s “episodic mobility issues”, the Palace said her attendance during the Jubilee weekend will be confirmed on the day, but she has since been spotted watching over the parades on Buckingham Palace’s balcony. David spoke to the Radio Times last week about whether the Queen would make it to the celebration of her 70 years on the throne, and said: “I’m an optimist and I’m sure she will be there. “Last week she opened the Elizabeth Line and went to the Windsor Horse Show, looking fighting fit. “If for any reason she isn’t, I assume Prince Charles will step into her place and the service will go on exactly as it’s arranged, just with her absent, which would be sad.” He went on to note the importance of the service, saying: “It’s a very significant moment and the future is uncertain territory. “She is a very religious woman and I’m sure the service will be, for her, a very significant event. “I think, in a strange way, it matters to her as much as it matters to the British public as a whole, because it marks 70 years of what she dedicated herself to, the promise she made to serve.” Watch ‘The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee: A Service of Thanksgiving’ at 9.15am on BBC One.