Barcelona star Gerard Pique is adamant he won’t be forced to leave the club despite Xavi being ready to cut him loose, according to reports. The Spain international has been a consistent part of the side ever since joining from Manchester United back in the summer transfer window of 2008. However, his future in Catalonia is now shrouded in uncertainty after blockbuster developments emerged on Monday. Pique is going through a rough time at present, with the Barcelona star splitting with pop star wife Shakira after their 12-year relationship. And it emerged on Monday that Xavi had informed the veteran that he ‘no longer counts on him’ for next season. But while Pique is now surplus to requirements at Barcelona, Mundo Deportivo say he has no plans to leave the Nou Camp behind. Instead, he’d prefer to stay at his boyhood club and fight for his place even if his relationship with manager Xavi has been damaged by the ordeal. It was claimed earlier in the week that Xavi had informed Pique that his high salary was a problem for the club. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz So too were his repeated injuries, as well as the centre-back’s activities away from the football field. But Pique made it clear to Xavi that he wanted to continue in the team and prove his manager wrong. He still feels he’s the best central defender in the team, regardless of who comes in amid the club’s interest in Andreas Christensen. Pique also said he was willing to lower his salary to help Barcelona’s finances as they seek to balance the books. And it’s hard to see him leaving Catalonia given his current stance. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here One player who may leave Barcelona is Frenkie de Jong, however. Signed from Ajax back in the summer transfer window of 2019, big things were expected of the Netherlands international. Yet his time at the club has so far failed to live up to expectations, with De Jong struggling for consistency. Manchester United are growing increasingly confident of luring him to Old Trafford, with the Red Devils now managed by the midfielder’s old boss Erik ten Hag. And Barcelona fans would likely prefer to see De Jong leave over Pique given all the veteran has achieved over the years by comparison. Regarding Pique, Xavi’s bombshell is the latest blow to the 35-year-old. As mentioned above, the defender is still recovering from his split with Shakira. The duo have been together since 2010, where they met as they filmed the video for Shakira’s ‘Waka Waka (This Time for Africa) song. Since then, they’ve had two children together. And their split was confirmed on June 4 with the singer’s communication agency saying: “We regret to confirm that we are parting ways. "For the well-being of our children, who are our highest priority, we ask that you respect their privacy. Thank you for your understanding.” It’s previously been reported that the dup have been living apart for weeks. Some reports in Spain claim Pique has been living a ‘party lifestyle’ in the short time since. There had been rumours of the Barcelona star potentially cheating with team-mate Gavi’s mother. But they’re false and entirely untrue.