And 47 percent have little access to what their child is doing online, due to locked phones and console passwords. Over half (55 percent) of parents who feel helpless find it hard to keep up with all the online channels their child can use. The research, commissioned by The Diana Award, has been released after Downing Street hosted a closed reception with charity ambassadors Rio Ferdinand, UK youth mental health ambassador for the Department of Education, Dr Alex George, and anti-bullying young ambassadors trained by the charity. The meeting with Number 10 came as the Online Safety Bill goes through parliament. According to the research, 46 percent of parents fear their child knows more about technology than the older members of the house, and can cover issues up. Of the children polled, more than half (58 percent) wouldn’t tell their parents if someone tried to bully them online. And 45 percent are unsure that their parents would be able to help them anyway. The Diana Award’s spokesman, Alex Holmes, said: “The online element of modern life can make bullying behaviour far more complex. “When many of today’s parents were young, bullying behaviour – while awful – was something that happened outside or at school. “Now, the safe-space that was home is also increasingly under threat in today’s always-connected world – especially where lockdowns and school closures have encouraged bullying behaviour to seep more and more into life online.” The study also found 54 percent of parents realise they may be part of the problem – by sharing something online which could be construed as bullying or offensive, that their children could easily view. And of these, six in ten worry their child might repeat something to another child that they have written or shared online. However, two-thirds of parents (67 percent) were confident their children would approach them if they were being cyber-bullied. It comes after one in three children (32 percent) said they’d likely make contact with the website moderator, or someone in charge of a game, if they were exposed to online trolls. More than one in five (22 percent) would try and work out a way to “get back at” their aggressor – but 23 percent would ignore what was being said, and avoid going online again. However, the results found bullying in real life is more prevalent than in the digital space, as 31 percent of the young people polled have had an issue with someone in the real world. This is in comparison to 17 percent who have experienced cyber-bullying only – while 19 percent have experienced both. Youngsters also claimed the most likely place they will see bullying is in the classroom by other pupils (31 percent). However, 21 percent believe they’ve seen intimidation tactics used at school by teachers themselves, according to the OnePoll figures. And one in four (26 percent) have witnessed unkind behaviour on messaging platforms, such as WhatsApp and Discord. To date, more than 40,000 young people have been trained as anti-bullying ambassadors in nearly 5,000 schools throughout the UK and Ireland by The Diana Award, which aims to tackle bullying and empower young people to make a change. Alex Holmes added: “Our results show that dealing with bullying behaviour can be overwhelming for parents – but it’s important for them to understand their role in their child’s safety, without letting things get brushed under the carpet. “We encourage communication to not just rely on the child being open but flow both ways, with honest dialogue about acceptable forms of communication, both in real life and online. “If you don’t know where to start, schools, parents and children can sign up to our Don’t Face it Alone campaign to get free anti-bullying resources, help and support, for all types of bullying behaviour. We’re here to help stamp it out.”