The Duke of Cambridge was speaking at the Platinum Party at the Palace as a part of the Jubilee celebrations to mark 70 years of the reign of the Queen. More than 30 members of the Royal Family gathered for the party, although the Queen was unable to attend due to mobility issues.  Noting that his grandmother has been “alive for nearly a century”, Prince William said that “decades of making the case for taking better care of our world has meant that environmental issues are now at the top of the global agenda”. The Duke of Cambridge said that he, too, was “so proud” of his father and grandfather. The Duke added: “And I'm in awe of people like the great Sir David Attenborough who look at the beauty and power of our earth and then work to celebrate and preserve it. “While no one's grandmother thanks them for talking about their age, my own grandmother has been alive for nearly a century.   “In that time, mankind has benefited from unimaginable technological developments and scientific breakthroughs.” He continued: “And although those breakthroughs have increased our awareness of the impact humans have on our world, our planet has become more fragile. “Today, in 2022 - as the Queen celebrates her Platinum Jubilee - the pressing need to protect and restore our planet has never been more urgent. “But like her, I am an optimist.” READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'made to look stupid'  Prince William said that “more and more businesses and politicians are answering the call” on climate change, which is “spearheaded by an amazing and united generation of young people across the world”. He went on: “Together, if we harness the very best of humankind, and restore our planet, we will protect it for our children, for our grandchildren and for future generations to come.” Diana Ross, Queen and Adam Lambert, Alicia Keys and Eurovision 2022 runner-up Sam Ryder performed to a crowd of 22,000 people and a television audience of millions. The event began with a surprise sketch showing the Queen having tea with Paddington Bear, and included video messages from global stars and images of the monarch projected onto Buckingham Palace DON'T MISS:Ukraine boasts victory in Luhansk Oblast ‘Still in the saddle’ Archbishop praises absent QueenWar in Ukraine marks ‘sombre counterpoint’ During her Christmas message in 1989, Her Majesty said the “future of all life on earth depends on how we behave towards one another and how we treat the plants and animals that share our world with us”. Her Majesty said last November: “It is a source of great pride to me that the leading role my husband played in encouraging people to protect our fragile planet lives on through the work of our eldest son Charles and his eldest son William. “I could not be more proud of them.” 