Manchester United want a new forward this summer. That’s something that’s been well-documented and remains true, even if they’ve allowed Darwin Nunez to join Liverpool. And, in young South American Alejandro Garnacho, the Red Devils may have their very own version of the Benfica star. Manchester United have lost Edinson Cavani, with the Uruguay international leaving on a free transfer after two years at Old Trafford. That’s left new boss Erik ten Hag with the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Jadon Sancho, Marcus Rashford, Anthony Martial and Anthony Elanga as options for his attack. But, despite that, United want another forward. They had held an interest in Nunez but believed the price was too high to strike a deal for the Benfica star, despite him netting 34 goals across all competitions last term. So that means United will have to go back to the drawing board. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer Antony, Richarlison and Sebastien Haller have all been linked at a time where Ten Hag is hoping to strengthen his frontline. But, in Garnacho, the Red Devils may have their very own South American hotshot ready to take the Premier League by storm. United’s academy has long been regarded as one of the best in the business. And out of all the promising talents they have on their books, it’s Garnacho who seems to be the most-exciting of them all. The 17-year-old made his debut towards the end of last season, with Ralf Rangnick rewarding him for his fine displays at youth level. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links And as a South American with an eye for goal, and the potential to get even better, he can certainly be United’s own version of Nunez. Obviously, he still has much to learn. But his seven goals in the FA Youth Cup, which came from six appearances, suggests he’s on the right track to becoming a superstar. He netted three times in the Premier League 2 last term, while also notching twice in the UEFA Youth League and U18 Premier League. There’s even talk he could be a wildcard for Argentina at the upcoming World Cup in Qatar, too. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz He did his chances of making the squad no harm with a goal and assist for his country in their recent U20 clash with Japan. And, like Nunez, he’s capable of playing anywhere across the front three. His best form at youth level has come when he’s been deployed on the left wing, with Garnacho making his mark in that position. But he’s also capable of playing on the right, too, as well as down the middle. United have high hopes for the teenager, with the Red Devils hoping they can tie their young gem down to a new contract. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And with the Red Devils having other priorities, such as in midfield, Garnacho could save the club millions in the long run. Next season, he’s expected to get more game time with Ten Hag willing to place his faith in youth. And that will delight United fans, many of which have been clamouring to see their latest wonderkid given more of a chance. United believe they’ve made the right call by refusing to engage Liverpool in a bidding war for Nunez. And whether they live to regret that decision, as they seek an improved campaign, is something only time will tell.