Fans of The CW’s hit teen drama Riverdale were left completely shocked as they watched Betty Cooper (played by Lili Reinhart) finally take down her tormentor. After fans were left questioning the cryptic final scene, the showrunner was able to confirm the major death.  Sunday’s episode of Riverdale saw Betty do all she could to lure in The Trash Bag Killer (TBK) and come face to face with her tormentor. The serial killer had wreaked havoc and got their name as they used a trash bag to conceal their identity. Betty was eager to confront the murderer after they escaped her when she was an FBI trainee and had since gone under the radar. However, after months of anticipation, viewers watched the satisfying climax as the murderer met their comeuppance. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes stunned as MP cuts interview short The episode titled ‘Chapter One Hundred And Twelve: American Psychos’ was a memorable one for fans as it was a musical instalment. The show has had five other musical episodes, however, this one saw the characters perform three songs from the broadway show American Psycho. While this kept fans entertained, they remained enthralled to see the outcome of Betty’s serial killer convention. In her efforts to bring TBK out of hiding, she hosted SlaughterCon which involved a number of panels, and a one-on-one chat with Betty Cooper as TBK's one survivor.  Although it looked as though she failed to lure TBK to SlaughterCon, the two came face to face later on. What Betty didn’t know was that the serial killer was in fact waiting for her at home, in her garage with a candlelit dinner. When she made this realisation, she spent an hour questioning the murderer as he tried to convince her they were soulmates. With Alice Cooper (Mädchen Amick) and Charles Smith (Wyatt Nash) tied up in the kitchen, Betty fought TBK back, pulled out her weapon and shot him with her father’s gun. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Kim Tate's new lover unveiled after split from Will [THEORY]Riverdale delayed: Season 6 set for another hiatus on the CW [INSIGHT]Riverdale cancelled: KJ Apa shares emotional reaction [INSIGHT] While fans were relieved to see the highly anticipated confrontation and TBK’s murder, many questioned if this was really the end of the serial killer. Riverdale’s showrunner Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa confirmed: “I can tell you, without any hidden agenda, I think TBK's dead. "We deliberately saw the body and in fact, we talked a little bit about hedging and cutting out a couple of moments. “I think our executives at WB and CW were like, ‘Let's see Betty actually pull the trigger. Let's actually visit the body this time.’ He's been a great creepy villain, so he's gone the distance.” Speaking on how TBK’s death will affect Betty, Roberto added: “It does set up the rest of Betty's emotional season story.”  As for the future of the series, bosses announced season seven would be the final instalment of Riverdale. With the finale fast approaching, the showrunner also opened up about the imminent end: “We were thinking seven years was going to be our run and when that was formalised, I don't think it caught anyone by surprise. “I will say, the confirmation came as we were plotting literally the last episode of the season and we were weighing a very big swing for the end of the season and into season seven. “And when [the news] came down, it was like, 'We're doing this.' So it was really good timing and I think it emboldened us to run into this wild choice quite happily.” Riverdale season 6 continues Sundays on The CW in the USA and the following Monday on Netflix. 