A South African team has been banned for life after an investigation concluded that a 59-1 defeat, in which they scored a staggering 41 own goals, was part of a concerted match-fixing effort. Nsami Mighty Birds, who played in South Africa’s fourth division, have been banned along with Matiyasi FC, Shivulani Dangerous Tigers and Kotoko Happy Boys following a succession of jaw-dropping score lines.    Matiyasi and The Tigers were battling for the title last month when some suspicious results began appearing. The Tigers beat Kotoko Happy Boys 33-1, before Matiyasi drastically improved their goal difference with a 59-1 victory over third-placed Nsami. If that 59-1 win wasn’t already suspicious enough, with a goal coming every 90 seconds, the game also included 41 own goals by Nsami, who finished the game with only seven players. The blatant match-fixing meant all three of the league’s top sides, plus Kotoko Happy Boys, were banned, meaning fourth-placed Gawula Classic were declared as winners of South Africa's Mopani region. "Our investigation found that Matiyasi and Nsami wanted to stop Shivulani from topping the log so they agreed on fixing the match to prevent this from happening," Vincent Ramphago, president of the Mopani region, told BBC Sport Africa.  JUST IN: Benfica 'want small tweak' to Liverpool's Darwin Nunez transfer offer "After hearing that Matiyasi were leading 22-0 at half-time, Shivulani colluded to remove Kotoko Happy Boys players from the field. The players who came off said they were tired leaving their team with only seven players. In the Matiyasi game meanwhile, the referee gave players red cards so that Nsami ended up with seven players." Nsami Mighty Birds coach Neil Thwala defended his players’ behaviour, claiming their actions in the Matiyasi game were due to a previous perceived injustice. "In the previous match we played, we were told the referee is part of Shivulane Dangerous Tigers," Thwala said.  DON'T MISS Man Utd ‘make first official bid’ for Frenkie de Jong with £17m bonus Chelsea have four Romelu Lukaku replacement options Van Dijk's Nunez and Haaland comment hints Liverpool move was planned "We scored four goals but all of them were disallowed by the referee but then they hit a side net and the referee said it's a goal. When we reported the matter to SAFA, we were told that the referee's decision is final. The players' minds were not on the game because even if they won, they knew it wasn't going to help them in any way. I tried as a coach to push them but it was difficult. There was nothing I could do." Ramphago has dismissed that excuse. "These people don't have respect for football, and we cannot allow it to happen again," he added. "What is sad is there are young players involved because the competition rules stipulate that each team has to field at least five players under 21. "Our main aim in organising leagues is to make sure we groom the young footballers into potential future Bafana Bafana players." 