ISAs are often seen as a good method of saving or investing, and may be even more beneficial in the long-term. Express.co.uk spoke to James Norton, Head of Financial Planners at Vanguard UK, who discussed the idea of ISA "millionaires". Mr Norton said many people will like to focus on reaching £1million as this is often a long-held goal, as well as a round number. It may be more feasible than people perceive, although a lot of hard work will be needed to remain on track. Mr Norton explained: “I assumed a relatively modest return of five percent each year, broadly in line with return expectations at the moment. “If you got a return of five percent and invested £20,000 into your ISA, which is the current annual limit, it would take just over 25 years to reach £1million. READ MORE: 'Heartbroken' woman breaks down in tears as she loses £20,000 in scam “So, it is doable. It can be challenging, but it can be feasible.” However, the expert also stressed the importance of Britons looking at their investment costs. This is due to the fact costs are one element of the equation a person is able to control, unlike returns year on year. Mr Norton continued: “We looked at how long it would take if you’re paying a low cost arrangement, for example, 0.37 percent per year. DON'T MISSBest places to retire in the UK - areas which boast the top care [MAPPED]Energy rebate warning as scam tactic 'could drain bank accounts' [WARNING]Your state pension may be key - five top tips for retirement [EXCLUSIVE] “You’re going to have to put in an extra £20,000 to reach your goal, but you can still do it for the growth.” There is a drastic change, however, when comparing this to a high cost or expensive fund which Mr Norton said could easily cost 1.75 percent, or even higher. He added: “If you take a market return of five percent and a cost of 1.75 percent, your return is only going to be 3.25 percent. “When that is your return, it is going to take you about 30 years to reach £1million. “That’s another four years of contributions, another £80,000 to reach the goal you want.” Consequently, Mr Norton has said low cost investors would have reached their £1million four years earlier. He remarked: “If they left it the same amount of time, the four years, they would have generated another quarter of a million pounds. The numbers are staggering, they really are amazing.” However, ISAs are not the only vehicle which could propel Britons towards their million pound goal. Mr Norton also suggested looking at pensions, as people can put a maximum of £40,000 a year into a Self-Invested Personal Pension (SIPP). When taking basic rate tax relief into account, this would only cost a person £32,000. As a result, these individuals could find themselves reaching their goal far sooner. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea He said: “If you invested £52,000 - £20,000 in your ISA and £32,000 in your pension, it would only take you 12 years to get to £1million. “If you’re earning a substantial amount, you can get there fairly quickly. “It shows how a pension and ISA can work well with one another to help people.” Mr Norton acknowledged this option may not be suitable for everyone, but stressed the importance of taking action if this is a primary goal. The expert said becoming a “millionaire” in this way is all to do with the power of compounding. He explained: “Compounding is really very beneficial over the long run. You don’t really see it or feel it in the first few years, but over time you definitely do. “In year one you could get £1,000 return as five percent of £20,000. But if you do that for 10 years, it will be worth £250,000 and of that, the interest in that year will be about £12,500. “If you left it for 15 years, it would be £450,000, and the compounded part would be £21,500 - more than your ISA allowance to start with! “That’s suddenly quite a lot of money to reckon with. If you’re disciplined, your returns can soar. It starts slowly and then it is like a snowball gaining speed.”