Freddie Flintoff, Paddy McGuinness and Chris Harris set off across Florida for the first episode of the new Top Gear series. The trio tried out donk-car drag racing during their visit to the home of grassroots racing but Freddie admitted he wasn’t entirely confident with the stunt once the cameras began to roll. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “I didn't know what was happening. “So I did the burn-off where you get your tyres warm and I didn’t tell these two at the time but I have drag raced before in Vegas. It went really well so I thought I’d be fine I was quite confident. “I was quite confident about my ability I thought I'm just gonna put my foot down and I couldn't understand what was happening.” Read more: Top Gear's Chris Harris opens up on presenting role ‘Terrible at it' Freddie admitted he almost crashed but was “petrified” of the vehicle’s owner. “It felt like I was floating but not getting very far and then the car started turning and I didn't know what was gonna happen because I could see the wall,” he noted. “I somehow got out of it mainly because I was petrified of the bloke whose car it was. “I didn't want to return it to him having crashed his car.” “But there was a bit more luck than judgement at that time,” he added. Chris remarked: “It looked like a guaranteed accident I don’t know how he got it back. “The people that we were with wouldn't have enjoyed the car being written off and I wouldn't want to crash in one of those either. “Drag Race is all about having a big fleshy tire so you've got a little wheel and the tires got loads of sidewall so you get that heated up, then when you accelerate away the tire compresses and it acts like a spring it’s full of suspension.” DON'T MISSFreddie Flintoff details ‘responsibility’ of Top Gear challenge [INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson slams government for banning him from selling crayfish [INTERVIEW]Top Gear's Freddie Flintoff 'landed on his head' filming stunt [VIDEO] “The background of these races is that they have these massive wheels,” he explained. “They’ve got these huge big silver chrome wheels and a tiny little tire. “So when you accelerate there’s no compliance at all the thing either goes or it stops.” “Why didn’t you tell me this at the time?” Freddie jokingly asked Chris. In this series’ third instalment, Paddy, Freddie and Chris set out to qualify as lorry drivers. The presenting trio embark on an HGV road trip across Britain before indulging in a spot of truck racing. Meanwhile, out on the track, Chris examines the new Lotus Emira. Top Gear continues on BBC One on Sunday at 8pm.