She had pre-eclampsia, where mothers have high blood pressure as well as blood in their urine. It’s a condition that can damage organs in the body such as the kidneys, liver, lungs, and heart and can even lead to stroke, explains the Mayo Clinic. Untreated it can be fatal for the mother and baby. Beyonce, 36 at the time, spoke to Vogue Magazine for their 2018 September issue about the ordeal. She said: “Today I have a connection to any parent who has been through such an experience. “After the C-section, my core felt different. It had been major surgery."  READ MORE: Diabetes: The anti-diabetic supplement shown to slash blood sugar levels by 36% in minutes A C-section or caesarean section is a procedure where the baby is delivered through a slit in the womb. According to the NHS, a cut around 10 to 20cm long is made across the lower tummy. Beyonce added: "Some of your organs are shifted temporarily, and in rare cases, removed temporarily during delivery. “I am not sure everyone understands that. I needed time to heal, to recover. "During my recovery, I gave myself self-love and self-care, and I embraced being curvier. I accepted what my body wanted to be."  DON'T MISSCancer: Popular hair tool contains 'cancer-causing chemicals' [ADVICE]Dementia: The sleep disorder associated with cognitive impairment [INSIGHT]Hair loss: Three 'hair-care' habits causing permanent hair loss [TIPS]  C-sections tend to last around 40 to 50 minutes, during which time a screen is usually placed across the mother so she cannot see what is happening. Mothers and their children tend to remain in the hospital for three to four days afterwards. At this time, they may take painkillers if the wound is sore. It’s not known exactly how pre-eclampsia is caused but it is suspected to be due to an issue with blood supply between the mother and baby in the placenta. Those with diabetes, or high blood pressure or kidney disease before pregnancy are at higher risk of developing the condition. Some studies have suggested there are lifestyle changes, such as diet which can reduce the risk of pre-eclampsia. According to a report in the Journal of the American Heart Association, those who followed a Mediterranean diet were less likely to develop the condition. This diet is based on vegetables, fruits, legumes, nuts, whole grains, fish and olive oil and contains little red and processed meat. The study found those who stuck closely to the diet, compared with those who veered away from it, were 22 percent less likely to develop the condition. Another, more recent study from March 2022, published in Archives of Gynaecology and Obstetrics, showed omega-3 supplementation could also help to prevent pre-eclampsia. Aside from this, it would also increase gestational duration, increase birth weight and decrease the risk of low birth weight. According to the NHS, as the condition goes on, it can cause severe headaches, vision issues, vomiting, pain under the ribs and swelling of the feet, ankles and hands.