Mrs Hinch rose to fame on social media several years ago when she started to share unusual cleaning tips and tricks. Now her fans share their own hacks on dedicated Facebook pages, including how to keep Venetian blinds dust-free. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Danielle Hackett wrote: “So I have these Venetian blinds through the house, what’s the best way to clean them without it taking me hours? “Thought of soaking them in the bath but not sure what products to soak them in?” The build-up of dust can make allergies worse as well as make the rest of the home dirty. It is recommended that they are cleaned often to help prevent dust and debris from settling. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ ways to get rid of mice in homes with natural scents Cleaning them can be time consuming which is why the job is often left for long periods of time before being cleaned. Taking to the comments, Mrs Hinch fans shared top tips on how to clean horizontal blinds. Amber Marshall wrote: “Take a fluffy sock and stick your hand in it, does the job in two minutes.” Lizzie Hamlen said: “I agree, I always use socks, doesn’t even have to be fluffy. DON'T MISS:Oven cleaning: How to make a ‘homemade degreaser’ [COMMENT]Monty Don shares what plants to ‘prune now’ [EXPLAINER]Homes Under the Hammer buyer boosts house value by £51k [PICTURES] “Can pick up a pair for like 50p, it’s the most efficient way.” According to the Mrs Hinch fans, socks help to grip all of the dust. Suzanne Nangle commented: “Use an inside out sock on your hand and then use a tumble dryer sheet to stop dust sticking.” Tumble dryer sheets help to reduce static, which means the dust will easily stick to them. Various different brands can be picked up from the supermarket for as little as £1. Mrs Hinch even recommends wiping them with some Zoflora to not only disinfect, but to leave a gorgeous smell behind. Others recommended taking them down and soaking them in the bath. Lynn Buy said: “I soak mine in hot soapy water in the bath and leave them for a few hours.” Alison Kielly wrote: “Soak them all the way if you can.” Janet Morton wrote: “If you can take them down fully closed, and have a bath, lay them in the bath with warm water and a bit of washing liquid. “Open them slightly and dunk them up and down, you will see the muck coming off, then rinse well with warm water. “Then I would hang them over a line or drier outside until fully dry.”