Today, Meghan Markle and her husband, Prince Harry, made their first official, royal appearance in over two years. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex joined the Royal Family at the Service of Thanksgiving for Queen Elizabeth II’s reign at St Paul’s Cathedral. In a seemingly purposeful move, the couple entered St Paul’s after a large group of non-senior royals, allowing them to have their own procession down the aisle. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** Meghan and Harry have returned for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations and were first spotted during Trooping the Colour. During the Queen’s annual birthday parade, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were photographed in the windows of Buckingham Palace. While the couple did not appear on the Palace balcony with the monarch, their attendance hints at a relaxed royal reunion. Meghan and Harry sat in the Major General’s Office to watch the Trooping the Colour parade on Thursday. READ MORE: Queen’s Platinum Jubilee weekend marked with exciting ‘rare occurrence The duchess was pictured smiling and laughing with Peter Phillips’ daughters — 11-year-old Savannah and 10-year-old Isla — and Zara and Mike Tindall’s daughters — Mia, eight, and Lena, three. Meghan was also seen playfully shushing the children during the event, as she put her finger towards her mouth. Camilla Tominey, associate editor at The Daily Telegraph, has since claimed that the images, alongside the duchess’ lowkey attendance, shows that Meghan is “putting family first”. Ms Tominey said: “With a finger to her lips and a smile on her face, the image showed the Duchess of Sussex putting family first. “Bar the image of Meghan, 40, affectionately hushing Isla and Savannah Phillips who was holding Lena Tindall, we saw barely hide or hair of the couple, who only 15 months ago had made themselves so conspicuous on Oprah Winfrey. “The picture of her hushing Peter Phillips’ and Zara Tindall’s children appeared emblematic of what was a decidedly muted royal reunion.” The photos taken during the parade also showed her husband, Harry, shushing his cousin, Lena Tindall. Ahead of their return, there had been suggestions that Meghan and Harry would be a distraction at the Jubilee and could overshadow the monarch and her achievement. There had even been fears that the couple would be accompanied by a Netflix film crew, who have reportedly been following the Sussexes over the past few months for an “at-home style” documentary series. However, it has since been confirmed that they will not be filming for their docuseries. Ms Tominey said: “The low-profile nature of their presence at Thursday’s showpiece event suggests the couple, who will be introducing the Queen to her namesake Lilibet for the very first time, are adopting a family-first approach this weekend. “This is very much in keeping with Her Majesty’s wishes.” While Meghan and Harry have returned with their two children — three-year-old Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana, who turns one on Saturday — they are not in attendance at the Jubilee service. The Queen has finally met her namesake though, as they and their children attended a private lunch with the monarch at Windsor on Thursday. Today’s service marks the biggest royal gathering since the wedding of Meghan and Harry in 2018. Although the Queen is not in attendance, it has been said that she watched the special ceremony from her home in Windsor Castle. It was previously confirmed that the monarch’s attendance at events throughout the weekend would be confirmed on the day in question. A Palace statement said that "taking into account the journey and activity required to participate... Her Majesty with great reluctance has concluded that she will not attend".