Fancy a free Xbox Series S? Anyone switching to the best Virgin Media deal available today from suppliers such as Sky or BT will get exactly that when signing up for certain bundles from the Internet Service Provider (ISP). There is just one thing to be aware of... this epic offer ends later today, June 9, so there's not long left to make up your mind. If the thought of that free console has got you thinking, then the offer is available across a number of plans including Virgin's Bigger Bundle + Movies and Ultimate Volt Bundle with prices starting from £62 per month. You will need to sign up for an 18-month contract and there is a £35 upfront fee to pay but other than that there's no real catch. As a quick reminder, the Xbox Series S offers plenty of power in a compact design. There's also 512GB of internal storage and it's fully compatible with the Xbox Games Pass which offers access to over 100 titles for a small monthly fee. Want to know more about the Xbox Series S? You can read our full review here. If you want to take advantage of this free Xbox deal then we've got full details on every bundle below. VIRGIN FREE XBOX DEALS Bigger Bundle + Movies • £62 per monthINCLUDES: M100 broadband, Sky Cinema HD, over 200 channels plus Talk WeekendsOFFER: Get a FREE Xbox Series S or £200 bill creditSMALL PRINT: £35 setup fee | 18-month contract • SEE THE DEAL HERE Biggest TV Bundle • £79 per monthINCLUDES: M350 broadband, Sky Sports, Sky Cinema HD, over 210 channels plus Talk Weekends and Netflix.OFFER: Get a FREE Xbox Series S or £200 bill creditSMALL PRINT: £35 setup fee | 18-month contract • SEE THE DEAL HERE Ultimate Volt Bundle • £85 per monthINCLUDES: Gig1 broadband, Sky Cinema HD, Sky Sports over 230 channels plus Talk Anytime and an unlimited SIM for your phone.OFFER: Get a FREE Xbox Series S or £200 bill creditSMALL PRINT: £35 setup fee | 18-month contract • SEE THE DEAL HERE Along with this free Xbox offer, Virgin also has some decent discounts on its broadband with prices now starting from just £20 per month. That's for its entry-level service 50Mbps speeds but there's also 100Mbps for £24 and 200Mbps for just £28 per month. All of these deals last for 18 months and include a landline.