Whether you’re planning on travelling with hand luggage only or are sharing a suitcase with your family, making sure you pack everything you need without exceeding baggage restrictions can be difficult. Though there are numerous rolling and folding methods touted for their ability to organise your belongings, according to Reddit users there is one “lifesaver” investment you should make before jetting off. Posting to a dedicated Reddit forum, a user named LibrariesAndCake urged people to purchase some packing cubes. They wrote: “Packing cubes! A lifesaver to keep your suitcase or duffel organised. “You don’t have to pull everything out to find your clean underwear.” A second user, named Pascaleps added: “I love my packing cubes. READ MORE: POLL: Should Brexit be blamed for travel chaos? “Plus everything is folded so it doesn’t get creased. It saves space too.” Packing cubes are a variety of different-sized cubes which help to separate clothing. You can use them to group items together, perhaps by colour, item or by packing individual outfits into each one. Putting small items, such as power cords or socks can also help to stop them from moving around in your bag. DON'T MISSSuitcase packing: The 'folding' method to 'carry more' in your bag [INSIGHT]TUI chaos as family hit by four cancellations in 48 hours [REPORT]Martin Lewis shares the 'best thing' to do with inheritance money  [COMMENT] According to experts from The Points Guy UK: “Separating items makes it easy to pack, unpack and repack quickly and efficiently. “In fact, once you have a system in place with your cubes, packing can become even quicker and easier, especially for frequent travellers or business travellers who often visit the same destinations for work.” Furthermore, packing cubes can eliminate the need for additional items such as wash bags or laundry bags. The cost of packing cubes varies depending on the brand and where you purchase them from, with a six-piece set available on Amazon for £9.99. However, if you are hoping to make a saving, there is another way you can make your own packing cubes. According to Reddit user LibrariesAndCake, you can “go cheap and use large Ziplock bags”. They added: "This has prevented many fights between my partner and me when we share a suitcase on vacation.”