Chelsea are looking to complete a summer swoop for Denzel Dumfries amid Romelu Lukaku’s imminent departure to Inter Milan. While talks for Lukaku’s return are ongoing, the clubs are also negotiating a possible deal over the Dutch international.  But Thomas Tuchel’s side are not alone in the race to secure the 26-year-old’s services, as Manchester United are also looking to sign the defender to boost their ranks. The Red Devils are still yet to make any signings in Erik ten Hag's first summer at the helm. Chelsea are already in talks with Inter Milan this summer, with Lukaku desperate to return to the San Siro after a miserable return to Stamford Bridge. However, it is believed that Dumfries will not be part of that deal. According to Italian outlet Gazzetta Dello Sport, the two possible deals are not closely linked. The report also states that the Italian side were eager to secure a discount for Lukaku, who could re-join Inter on an initial loan. READ MORE: Arsenal 'close to agreeing' Gabriel Jesus transfer after Man City receive official offer  Meanwhile, Inter CEO Beppe Marotta and sporting director Piero Ausilio have requested €45million (£38m) for Dumfries which Todd Boehly and co considered to be too much. Reports state that the Blues could make a £21m bid for the Inter star. United boss Erik ten Hag is also keen on the 26-year-old after being impressed with his form following his move from PSV last year. The Dutchman is keen on signing the defender to provide some cover for Aaron Wan-Bissaka who struggled for form last season. DON'T MISSArsenal 'on course' to complete transfer after Tottenham strike Yves Bissouma agreementArsenal and Tottenham 'offered chance' to sign Barcelona reject after cut-throat Xavi callMan Utd and Arsenal have chance to sign budget-friendly back-up Premier League striker  Chelsea are yet to complete any signings under their new ownership group, and Boehly is reportedly unclear over whether to let Lukaku leave. The Belgian signed for a club-record £97.5m last year, but has failed to hit the ground running upon his return to the club. He went public with his desire to quit Stamford Bridge for Inter late last year, and The Athletic claims his relationship with Thomas Tuchel hasn't recovered.