Amber Heard has issued a statement in response to her ex-husband Johnny Depp’s new TikTok post. She said “women’s rights are moving backward” after she lost when he sued her for defamation. Johnny has joined video-sharing app TikTok, where he posted to say he hoped he and his fans would “all move forward together” after last week’s verdict. A spokesperson for Amber responded: “As Johnny Depp says he's 'moving forward,' women's rights are moving backward. "The verdict's message to victims of domestic violence is... be afraid to stand up and speak out." Johnny’s account has already amassed 8.7million followers, and features a black and white photograph of Mr Depp and “Occasional Thespian” written in the bio. He wrote alongside a montage of clips of himself: “To all of my most treasured, loyal and unwavering supporters. “We've been everywhere together, we have seen everything together. “We have walked the same road together,” he continued. “We did the right thing together, all because you cared. “And now, we will all move forward together." The actor went on to express how humbled he felt by all the support he had received. “You are, as always, my employers and once again I am whittled down to no way to say thank you, other than just by saying thank you,” he penned. “So, thank you. My love & respect, JD,” he concluded his post, which was also shared to his Instagram. DON'T MISS...Dean Martin made a multimillion fortune over his decades-long career [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan reacts as ‘Aunty Meghan’ tweet sparks 'woke fan' fury [TWITTER] Tom Jones' unusual funeral song choice unveiled on his 82nd birthday [UPDATE] Last Wednesday, Johnny won all three defamation claims against Amber and was awarded $15 million in damages by the jury at the court in Fairfax, Virginia. Amber will only have to pay him $10.35 million due to a Virginia law capping punitive damages. In turn, Johnny was found to have defamed Amber on one of three countersuit claims she launched against him. The Aquaman actress was thus awarded $2 million in damages by the court. She said at the time: “The disappointment I feel today is beyond words. I’m heartbroken that the mountain of evidence still was not enough to stand up to the disproportionate power, influence, and sway of my ex-husband. “I’m even more disappointed with what this verdict means for other women. “It is a setback. It sets back the clock to a time when a woman who spoke up and spoke out could be publicly shamed and humiliated. “It sets back the idea that violence against women is to be taken seriously.”