Aerial footage captures the missiles being dropped on a bridge near the town of Sviatohirsk towards southeast Ukraine. The bridge runs over the vital Seversky Donets River, which is a sizable body of water Russians must cross to get into Ukraine. The video shows Ukrainian forces dropping several missiles onto the bridge and breaking its foundations. Plumes of white smoke then billow from the bridge’s remains.    Bridge-bombing has been a tactic routinely employed to slow Russian forces as they advanace from their homeland into the east of Ukraine. In May, a specialist missile officer blew up a bridge further down the Seversky taking out almost an entire Russian tactical battalion group with it. There, the Russians were using a purpose-made temporary bridge they had built to allow them to cross their tanks and heavy weaponry over the water. Across the country, Ukraine has been blowing up bridges to effectively trap heavier Russian weaponry and vehicles.    Meanwhile, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has said the battle for the Ukrainian city of Severodonetsk is brutal and will determine the fate of the Donbas region as Russian troops make further attempts to raze it to the ground. After failing to take control of the capital Kyiv, the Kremlin says it is now seeking to completely "liberate" the Donbas, where Russian-backed separatists broke away from Ukrainian government control in 2014. Around a third of the Donbas was held by the separatists before the invasion of Ukraine on February 24. Mr Zelensky said in a video statement yesterday: "This is a very brutal battle, very tough, perhaps one of the most difficult throughout this war. "Severodonetsk remains the epicentre of the encounter in Donbas ... Largely, that is where the fate of our Donbas is being decided now.” READ MORE: Putin intimidated by NATO's largest ever 'war games' display [REPORT]   Ukrainian fighters pulled back to the city's outskirts on Wednesday but have vowed to fight there for as long as possible. "The enemy fired on our units with mortars, artillery, and multiple rocket launchers," the Ukraine general staff said on Thursday. "It fired on civilian infrastructure in the settlements of Severodonetsk, Lysychansk, Privillya, Ustynivka, Horske, and Katerynivka." Artillery shelling has turned the city in Ukraine's Luhansk province into a bombed-out wasteland. Luhansk's regional governor, Serhiy Gaidai, said the centre of the town was being destroyed. DON'T MISS:  'Evil' Putin acts according to 'own dark logic' [INSIGHT]Two captured Brits face ‘20 years in jail’ [REVEAL] 'They will demand change' Putin faces major coup [REPORT]   Mr Gaidai said a chemical plant had been shelled in Severodonetsk and four civilians were killed in the region over the past 24 hours. Mr Gadai added that Ukrainian forces still control all of Sievier Donetsk's smaller twin city Lysychansk on the west bank of the Seversky Donets River, but Russian forces were destroying residential buildings there. He said that Russia now controlled more than 98 percent of Luhansk. Kyiv's ambassador to the United States Oksana Markarova added that Ukrainian troops were vastly outnumbered in Luhansk and Donetsk, though she said “we will get it back”.   