Simon Cox, a funeral services consultant, told Express.co.uk that in recent years more people have elected to have less religious and usually more affordable funerals, with direct cremations seeing a massive rise in recent years. However, some smaller, independent funeral directors may be forced to put prices up, especially for traditional burials, or face going out of business. While cheaper funeral options are available, those wishing for the “template of hearse plus one, dressed in black, in a church, religious” could see the cost of living crisis impact the cost of dying. Mr Cox said that the already waning popularity of “Victoriana” funerals and the move towards more intimate ceremonies spurred on by the pandemic meant traditional, religious funerals were “being replaced” due to a “generational shift”. Research by Aura Life last October found that among those wanting a standard, religious funeral, were far more likely than others to want a traditional ceremony. 18 percent of those so-called “traditionalists” surveyed wanted an old-fashioned burial, and 20 percent wanting a conventional cremation. But an even larger group of people are now “embracing funerals but modernising and personalising them”, with traditional elements mixed in with celebrations of life. READ MORE: Savers ‘losing a lot of money’ due to inflation rise A growing number of people, Mr Cox explained, could be classed as “rejectors”, who are opting more and more for direct cremation or non-religious ceremonies. He said, though, that this was not mainly driven by tighter belts in the last few years, but motivated by a “dislike rather than can’t afford”. According to Sun Life’s yearly report into the matter, the cost of dying went down slightly for the first time last year – though Mr Cox said other data suggested it started decreasing three years ago. However, that data was collected from June to August last year – well before inflation started to rise significantly and supply issues pushed the cost of living higher. Sun Life declined to comment on what it thought this year’s survey might show. Mr Cox said that this was in no small part down to the Competition and Markets Authority placing “a magnifying glass over the sector” and “putting pressure on the funeral sector to do more”. As such, “there'll be companies not wishing really to do anything that's going to drive the wrath of the CMA for fear of price regulation”. Similarly, during the coronavirus pandemic, the number of doctor’s fees had been reduced from two to one. However, at the same time crematoria were facing higher gas prices, and a reduction in the death rate after the pandemic, though welcome, had put “inflationary pressures” on funeral director costs. DON'T MISS:Trooping the Colour flypast live stream: How to watch the Red Arrows [EXPLAINER]RAF flypast for Jubilee: When and where to see the Red Arrows [INSIGHT]RAF pilot outlines exact minute RAF Flypast will be over Palace [ANALYSIS] A sign of the changing times, there has been a 2 percent reduction in the number of funeral locations in the UK, which Mr Cox, director of FuneralSolutionExpert.co.uk, suggested could be “some degree of rationalisation” from corporates such as Coop or Dignity, “but also one or two funeral directors are deciding they don’t want to be in this anymore [as] it’s getting harder and harder”. Despite a “mixed picture” for the funeral sector, he said: “It's a brave organisation that just routinely or lazily puts their prices up for no reason, but I could easily see a situation where, because of the prices of all the external things that have to be bought in as a funeral director, they may have no choice but to put some prices up.” However, Mr Cox predicted “the average amount spent on a funeral in the UK is probably coming to it will come down significantly over the next few years”. This was in part due to the rise of direct cremation – where a family has a simple cremation with no ceremonial elements – spurred on by David Bowie’s own in 2016. Despite direct cremations costing as little as £250, Mr Cox believes the popularity is instead because many now see “a gloomy Victorian church full of people dressed in black and sobbing” as “pretty grim”, and would rather celebrate their loved one’s life with a more personal, family affair. While the large funeral directors can contend with one another to offer competitive prices in these new funeral markets, keeping prices lower overall, smaller independents may struggle to offer similar rates. As such, “there may well be some rises in the sector” ahead, and some may be forced out of business. Mr Cox warned: “The financial pressure on the sector is going to grow, and people are going to have to innovate or die.” He expects will give families more control over funerals in years to come, but the cost pressures could lead to a regional reduction in services offered by community funeral directors closing shop. Meanwhile, remote funeral arranging was “coming to the fore”, promising a further reduction in high-street premises. Mr Cox added that options were available for a do-it-yourself funeral ceremony which could cost as little as £2,000, but not having a director to take charge “is not everyone’s cup of tea”.