The bathroom is an environment where rust thrives due to the combination of metal and oxygen with water or air. The moisture causes a chemical reaction which forms rust. It can be extremely stubborn on bathroom radiators, especially when left for long periods of time. While I clean the front of my radiator often, it can be hard to see and clean the back and underneath sections. Not only can rust form, towel radiators can also be a breeding ground for bacteria and germs. After I saw rust had started to build-up on the front of my radiators once again, I decided to look for a product to use which could tackle it. The Pink Stuff paste, which is a staple in my cleaning cupboard, claims to tackle all sorts of problems. READ MORE: When to deadhead lupins to 'prolong the display' The 99p product can be used on saucepans, glass, tiles, garden furniture and rust. It can also be used on sinks, cooker tops and barbecues. Due to its versatility, I decided to use it to clean my towel radiator. I took a small scoop of the paste onto a Minky Antibacterial Cleaning Pad and started rubbing it across the radiator, targeting the rust specifically. DON'T MISS:Sarah Beeny shares ‘common pitfalls’ people make when renovating [COMMENT]Pests: ‘Natural deterrents’ to get rid of slugs and snails [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘best’ way to clean ‘grim’ discoloured pillows [EXPLAINER] The rust on the front sections melted away within seconds. It also made the panels super shiny and look brand new. The more stubborn rust on the back of the radiator took a little more time and effort to remove but it did eventually come off. Nonetheless, it was super easy to do and the whole towel radiator took less than five minutes. I was shocked at the results, seeing as The Pink Stuff has been in my cleaning cupboard for years. Stardrops, the brand behind the miracle pink paste, said: “It’s formulation has been developed to provide high performance without the need for harsh chemicals.” It can be purchased at various different stores such as Aldi, Asda, B&M, Savers, Home Bargains and Poundland. The M Cloth Antibacterial Bathroom Cleaning Pad is dual sided for powerful and effective cleaning in the bathroom. I picked it up in B&M for around £2.99. According to Minky, it is great for cleaning baths, showers, tiles and sinks. It can also be used to buff and shine stainless steel, chrome and mirrors. What’s more, it has antibacterial protection. The Pink Stuff paste can be quite messy to work with so the dual sided made it much easier to clean. I also tried using a microfibre cloth but it left streaky marks on the stainless steel.