Chelsea's players are urging Thomas Tuchel to launch a summer move for Everton forward Richarlison, who has also been linked with Arsenal and Tottenham in recent weeks, according to reports. The Blues are said to be in the market for a new striker to succeed the outgoing Romelu Lukaku, who is poised to rejoin Inter Milan on a temporary basis over the coming days. The Belgian marksman is set to undergo a medical in Italy next week but will need to be replaced by Chelsea if the west Londoners are to mount a renewed Premier League title challenge over the course of next season. Richarlison is among the names to have been linked with the Blues over the last few months and has already emerged as the popular choice in Chelsea's dressing room, according to The Sun.It is claimed that senior Blues stars are urging Tuchel to move for the Everton ace, who is reportedly keen to leave Goodison Park in search of a fresh challenge before the new campaign gets underway. His characteristic aggression and tenacity are seen as decisive factors in the minds of some Chelsea players, who are said to be convinced that he would be the right fit to succeed Lukaku at the top of the pitch next season.Richarlison has already informed Everton boss Frank Lampard of his desire to seek a move elsewhere in the not-too-distant future and is believed to have been valued at around £50million by the Toffees. It remains to be seen whether Chelsea would be prepared to meet Richarlison's asking price, though, with Tuchel also looking to sign at least one new defender before the end of the summer transfer window. JUST IN: Gabriel Jesus to Arsenal could be 'done in hours' The Brazilian forward managed to bag 11 goals in the Premier League for Everton last season and would surely offer an upgrade on Lukaku based on current form if he joins Chelsea over the coming weeks. However, the Blues could face stiff competition from the likes of Arsenal and Tottenham, with the latter having reportedly opened preliminary talks with Richarlison's representatives earlier this month.Everton's asking price could also spell trouble for Chelsea, who may be reluctant to spend big after wasting close to £100m on the services of Lukaku a year ago. Harry Redknapp has already suggested that a cut-price move could be inevitable, though, as Lampard looks to boost his transfer budget in order to rebuild his playing squad on Merseyside. "He [Richarlison] has got ability, there is no doubt about that," Redknapp told talkSPORT when quizzed on the possibility of the Everton forward being shipped out this summer."He can drive you mad though at times when you see him diving about, and whatever he gets up to. He can certainly play, though, and scores, and he has managed to get assists."But if Frank has no money to spend, he is going to have to sell. Sometimes you have to sell your best player to try and get two or three in, he [Lampard] needs to strengthen that team." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here