Phillip Schofield, 59, has revealed that he and wife Stephanie Lowe, who still have great fondness and respect for each other, have "not discussed" getting divorced. Meanwhile he told This Morning co-star Holly Willoughby that he is in no hurry to start dating a man, in spite of Graham Norton's cheeky quips about the possibility of a "secret boyfriend". During lockdown, when he posted an Instagram photo and described himself and a male companion taking a walk, the rumour mill started turning instantly. However he was quick to shut down suggestions of a romance, telling fans: "That's what they call family friends who you've known for 20 years and who come round to check if you're OK." On an episode of the How To Wow podcast, he told Chris Evans that he didn't know if or when he would remove his wedding ring, rationalising: "I am still married to Steph." He added: "It is not in my nature to hurt people and so I have to reconcile myself with the fact that I have done that... I tried very hard not to. READ NOW: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning "I also say, is it possible to come out and not hurt your wife? No, of course it isn't. My greatest concern is that she is okay." Thus far he has not publicly announced a new relationship and has suggested that he is not yet ready to date. That didn't stop fellow showbiz star Graham Norton, 57, from mischievously joking about the "secret boyfriend" that Phillip might have "squirrelled away". "Would I date him? I’m not sure," Graham chuckled mysteriously to Chris on the aforementioned podcast after the topic of gay celebrity dating came up. Affectionately abbreviating his fellow showbiz star's name, he added: "I imagine Pip has some secret boyfriend squirrelled away somewhere. "I don't know why I'm calling him Pip!" But Graham retracted his quip shortly afterwards. When Chris pressed the issue of whether "Pip" had a partner, he clarified: "No, not that I’m aware of!" The conversation turned more serious when he contemplated what the This Morning star may have been feeling before he let the world know his sexuality.  "To keep that secret, what that does to you... it’s so strange," Graham lamented, adding that it had been difficult enough for him to keep his gay identity quiet as a "child". Despite being a successful TV host, Graham elaborated that he still has to "constantly" come out to people to this day. "I’m kind of as gay and as famous as you can get and even now I’ll still be in the back of a cab and the cab driver will make some comment about... women wearing flimsy dresses or short skirts or low-cut tops," he explained. "As a gay man in the back of that taxi, you’ve got to make a decision. “'Will I come out to this man? Or will I smile and nod and hope this conversation changes?'” He added: "I think it’s on a need-to-know basis and I guess Phillip Schofield got to a point where he felt people needed to know." However Graham praised the fact that those around him had been "immediately accepting" of his sexuality - and similarly, Phil said he was met with an outpouring of support when he came out live on air with friend and co-host Holly Willoughby. He had been married to Stephanie for 27 years. Fortunately, she has been supportive, as have the two grown-up daughters, Molly and Ruby, that the pair share.