Many said the moment was the highlight of the four-day weekend, as the Queen appeared with members of the Royal family following the Jubilee pageant. Her Majesty wore green, completing four generations of her family. But it may not have happened at all, were it not for a call from her son.  The 96-year-old was reportedly feeling unwell in the hours leading up to her appearance. According to a source quoted in the Daily Mail, the Queen “only decided that she would go to London about three hours before the balcony appearance”. They added: “She was not feeling brilliant but the Prince of Wales had called her and told her she really ought to come if she could. “He told her there were so many people desperate to see her and he convinced her to come.” As a result, the Queen travelled from Windsor to London to be present for the incredible moment. She was reportedly left “tearful and overwhelmed with emotion” during the grand finale of the Platinum Jubilee, according to a Royal source.  It is said the Queen was taken aback and amazed by the huge number of people who travelled to see her, and had tears in her eyes even before she stepped out onto the balcony. The appearance was carefully choreographed. The Prince of Wales was placed to the Queen’s right, while the Duke of Cambridge, together with his eldest son Prince George, were to her left. This provided a fantastic image of the next three generations of Royals. But it may be the last time Royal fans witness anything like it again. Her Majesty will now gradually use more virtual appointments, rather than appearing in person, it is suggested.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's Jubilee plans ruined as Sussexes failed get snap [REVEAL] The Queen is not understood to be taking a long summer break in Scotland. Craigowan Lodge, a stone cottage on the Balmoral Estate, has been renovated with mobility aids including a stair lift to help her. Her Majesty issued a personal letter of thanks after the outpouring of support during the Platinum Jubilee. She said: “While I may not have attended every event in person, my heart has been with you all. “I remain committed to serving you to the best of my ability, supported by my family.” 