On day two of Royal Ascot, the 33-year-old granddaughter of the Queen stunned royal watchers in a cream dress and a stylish navy and white hat. Alongside Edo, 38, she arrived in a carriage procession with Princess Alexandra, the monarch's first cousin, and the Countess Mountbatten of Burma, Penelope Knatchbull. Eagle-eyed fans promptly noticed the seats chosen by Beatrice and Edo. It's believed the Queen and her closest family members tend to sit on the forward-facing bench of the carriage as it provides a better view of the crowds and the racecourse. From there, they also grant photographers the best perspective for their shots. This time, however, the couple went against tradition and took the backwards-facing seats – possibly, as a kind gesture to Her Majesty's cousin and close friend. Royal Family LIVE: Outrageous claim Kate and William fed up with Meghan While Beatrice and Edo entered the Ascot enclosure in the third carriage of the royal procession, the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall and Vice Admiral Sir Tony Johnstone-Burt, Master of the Household, were in the first. There was an empty seat in Prince Charles and wife Camilla's carriage, which was said to be a nod to the Queen, who was absent, to ensure she be there in spirit. ITV commentator Ed Chamberlain said: "I'm just assuming that the seat is left empty as a mark of respect because Her Majesty The Queen is not here today. "Let's hope she comes tomorrow, tomorrow is the day of the Gold Cup. "But the Duchess of Cornwall and Prince Charles are very much at the forefront again." The Queen did not attend the launch of Royal Ascot nor the second day of the race. Her absence might be linked to the episodic mobility issues she has been experiencing since last fall and that led her to pull out from several Platinum Jubilee celebrations earlier this month. But while the heir to the throne and Camilla have been deputising for the 96-year-old monarch, her love for the annual festival could be felt through the words she penned for its programme. She wrote: "After the challenges of recent times, this year's royal meeting provides a long-awaited opportunity for supporters of racing from all over the world to come together for five days of outstanding sport." DON'T MISSRoyal Family tree: Is Queen Elizabeth II related to King Henry VIII? [ANALYSIS]Americans rally around Meghan and Harry over family rift [REPORT]Queen and Prince Louis win hearts as nation's favourite Jubilee royals [INSIGHT] She added: "Once again, it is thrilling that horses from around the globe have travelled to Royal Ascot to compete at the highest level. "I have been most grateful for the continued kindness shown to me by the racing community." There is still hope Her Majesty might make an appearance on Thursday, Gold Cup day, when she traditionally presents the trophy to the big-race winner and has an odds-on shot running with her horse Reach For The Moon in one of the races. The Queen has had 24 Royal Ascot winners throughout her 70 years on the throne but a 25th — she also has chances on Thursday with Tactical, her last winner in 2020, and Saga — would be a big cause for celebration within the Firm. Reach For The Moon, trained by Frankie Dettori and John Gosden, is the first horse visitors meet when they go into the yard at Clarehaven Stables. Missing from the procession lineup on Tuesday and Wednesday were the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, who usually make an appearance riding as guests of honour before the race kick-off. It is likely they will miss out on Thursday, too.