Speaking to Sky News in Washington, outside the Supreme Court, a pro choice campaigner said she was “heartbroken” by the decision to overturn the Roe vs Wade decision that had, up until now, recognized a woman's constitutional right to an abortion and legalised it nationwide. The activist said the decision would cause serious harm to women and claimed certain lawmakers would try to “criminalise the women that transport” those wanting abortions, further blocking the possibility of help for those in need.    The Sky News correspondent said: “Many pro choice campaigners like yourself are concerned about the fact that this could drive women underground to get abortions, that this could result in what is called back alley prodcures. “Are you concerned about this, that this puts women’s health at risk?” The pro choice campaigner said: “100 percent that is exactly what is going to happen. I know that there are already plans for the underground. “The lawmakers are trying to even criminalise the women that transport the women that need the procedure.    “So they are trying to criminalise it all. You can’t get them out of the state. You can’t get them in. That’s what they want. “Back alley abortions will definitely start up again and more women will die. They’ll go into sepsis and they’ll die from botched abortions.” She said earlier: “It’s been a while coming and we expected it, but I am still heartbroken for all the women this is going to affect. “And for all the women in marginalised communities, especially black communities, that will die because of this decision today.” READ MORE: Joe Biden warns US on brink of 'mini revolution' if ruling overturned [REVEAL]   Roe v. Wade recognised the right to personal privacy under the U.S. Constitution protects a woman's ability to terminate her pregnancy. The Supreme Court in a 1992 ruling called Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Casey reaffirmed abortion rights and prohibited laws imposing an "undue burden" on abortion access. But the Supreme Court, in a 6-3 ruling powered by its conservative majority, upheld a Republican-backed Mississippi law that bans abortion after 15 weeks. The vote was 5-4 to overturn Roe, with Chief Justice John Roberts writing separately to say he would have upheld the Mississippi law but not taken the additional step of erasing the precedent altogether. DON'T MISS: EU panics over return of Trump in 3 years after threat on abortions [REPORT] Roe v Wade: Has SCOTUS repealed Roe v Wade? What leaked document means [INSIGHT] Furious US Senator slams Supreme Court anti-abortion ruling [REPORT]   By erasing abortion as a constitutional right, the ruling restores the ability of states to pass laws prohibiting it. Twenty-six states are seen as either certain or likely now to ban abortion. Mississippi is among 13 states already with so-called trigger laws designed to ban abortion if Roe v. Wade were to be overturned. The court's three liberal justices - Stephen Breyer, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan - issued a jointly authored dissent. "Whatever the exact scope of the coming laws, one result of today's decision is certain: the curtailment of women's rights, and of their status as free and equal citizens," they wrote. They added that as a result of Friday's ruling, "from the very moment of fertilisation, a woman has no rights to speak of. A state can force her to bring a pregnancy to term, even at the steepest personal and familial costs.” READ NEXT: U.S. Supreme Court potential shock move on abortion sparks protestsSupreme court backs terrifying new Texas abortion lawsWhat is Roe v Wade? Trump hints at Supreme Court case overturnActivists raise $900,000 and pressure Senator in Supreme Court VotePiers Morgan slams Michelle Obama for avoiding word 'women'  