Despite already having a plethora of talented forwards in his squad, Jurgen Klopp is eying up another player to add to his Liverpool ranks. The German is reportedly monitoring Marco Asensio’s situation at Real Madrid in the belief that he could get the forward’s career back on track. After it was revealed that Sadio Mane was set to push for an exit from Anfield this summer, the Reds have acted quickly to bring in an apt replacement. They splashed the cash on Darwin Nunez from Benfica on a long-term contract, with the belief that he will lead the Liverpool line for many years to come. But Takumi Minamino and Divock Origi have also left the Merseyside outfit, and with Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino out of contract in 2023, Klopp appears wary that he may need reinforcements. According to The Mirror, the former Borussia Dortmund boss is keeping tabs on Asensio – who is out of contract at Madrid next summer – and believes that he would be able to help him ‘realise his potential’. The Spaniard is valued at £35million by Los Blancos and attracting interest from Tottenham and AC Milan. His time at Madrid hasn’t lived up to expectations after arriving as a teenager, though he did make 31 appearances for the Santiago Bernabeu outfit last season. JUST IN: Glazers face fresh Man Utd anger with protest at Ten Hag's first game Asensio is also thought to be fond of the idea of a new challenge, and having never played in the Premier League before, a move to Liverpool would presumably be considered one. But the situation at Anfield appears to have changed quickly, as transfer journalist Fabrizio Romano claimed it would be ‘difficult’ to see the deal taking place. Asked about Asensio to Liverpool, he told wettfreunde: “I think that would be really difficult. It could maybe be something for the end of the transfer window, in case Liverpool decide to change their position. But at the moment they say internally that they are happy with the squad they have. JUST IN: Glazers face fresh Man Utd anger with protest at Ten Hag's first game “It could depend on the impact of the young players who signed them. For example, Fabio Carvalho, who was fantastic in the league at Fulham and who is believed to be ready for the first team to play at the highest level at Liverpool. "Of course, while we're preparing, we'll have to wait and see how it develops and everything else. Nothing is in sight for Marco Asensio as Liverpool are very happy with Darwin, Carvalho and Ramsay. They are very happy with their transfer window. They are already thinking about new contract extensions. They plan for the future and not just for the present." Fabio Carvalho was also purchased by the Reds earlier this summer, having failed to make the move from Fulham in the January transfer window. The Portuguese prospect lit up the Championship last season with 10 goals and eight assists in 36 appearances and should prove a versatile option for Klopp – though he may be pushed down the pecking order at Anfield if Asensio does sign.