Tottenham Hotspur have contacted RB Leipzig over the potential signing of Josko Gvardiol as Antonio Conte searches for a left-sided centre-back to add to his summer overhaul. Conte has already made five signings in his two transfer windows as Tottenham head coach, and he wants three more before the start of the 2022-23 season. Spurs have recruited goalkeeper Fraser Forster and left-wing-back Ivan Perisic on free transfers and completed a £25million deal for Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Yves Bissouma. Conte is understood to want a right-wing-back, centre-back and forward to complete his summer haul. The north London club are in progressing talks with Middlesbrough over right-back Djed Spence, who wants to join after a successful loan spell at Nottingham Forest last season. Raphinha and Richarlison feature prominently in links to attackers, while Alessandro Bastoni, Pau Torres and Gvardiol are among Conte's centre-half targets. And according to Nabil Djellit, Tottenham have now launched their pursuit of the latter by approaching Leipzig with an enquiry. However, the Bundesliga won't feel pressured to cash in on Gvardiol, considering he signed a contract until 2026 when joining for £17m from Dinamo Zagreb last summer. JUST IN: Mo Salah made 'a threat' to Liverpool as Real Madrid circle The 20-year-old, capped 10 times for Croatia, emerged as one of Europe's most exciting young defenders in his first season in Germany. He made 46 appearances for Leipzig last term, featuring in all six of their Champions League group stage games against Manchester City, Paris Saint-Germain and Club Brugge. He already boasts significant experience in European football, playing in the Europa League for Zagreb and Leipzig. And Conte will be confident he can improve and bring balance to his three-at-the-back system next season alongside Cristian Romero and Eric Dier. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag and John Murtough make Man Utd transfer decision Gvardiol is understood to be valued at around £42m, which would likely make him one of Tottenham's most expensive signings of the transfer window. But his current quality and undeniable potential could make him seem like a worthy investment early in Conte's rebuild, and he would surely be interested in linking up with the Italian coach in the Champions League. Depending on Conte's eagerness to recruit Gvardiol, he could very well be the fourth signing of a hectic summer transfer window. And if he is the next to arrive through the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium door, the Premier League-winning coach's side could be starting to look like one capable of challenging themselves. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here