Jane Mcdonald appeared on a recent episode of James Martin's Saturday Morning where she spoke to the ITV chef about everything from her music career to her Channel 5 travel shows. The cruise ship singer also teased her upcoming performance for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. "So tell us about the tour then because you're about to hit the road," James asked. "It starts off with a big celebration in Scarborough." "Scarborough is the Queen's Jubilee," Jane beamed. "Yorkshire's Queen's Jubilee. "I love Yorkshire, I just love it and I was lucky that I got to spend quite a lot of time up in Yorkshire when I was doing the Yorkshire programme and this lovely gig came up. "They said, 'Would you like to do the Queen's Jubilee at Scarborough Arena? Which part of yes do you not get here?' READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Kim Tate murders Will Taylor over deadly secret "I think it's a time in history that we should all be celebrating and it's going to be spectacular." Jane went on to explain that the Jubilee performance was the start of her tour and then she would be, "off on the road". "I am going to Rhodes, I am going to Greece first," she continued as James replied: "Of course you are." She added that during her trip abroad she had four performances lined up with her band. "Then we'll come back and we're straight into rehearsal for the Jubilee, which honestly is gonna be amazing," Jane told James. "So this is this is touring all over the UK," the chef asked as his guest replied: "Absolutely all over the UK. "So we've got Blackpool, Wimbledon, Scotland, Wales, so it's a big tour" The TV chef went on to ask Jane about how her career started and why she wanted to become a singer. DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom's Alexander Dreymon admits he wasn't 'devastated' [INSIGHT]Hunniford in savage Meghan swipe upon Jubilee return [VIDEO]Adil Ray laughs as he mocks Meghan Markle's Jubilee snub [REACTION] Despite having a successful TV career, the 59-year-old admitted music is what made her. "For those people who don't know what got you spotted in the first place?" James asked. "It was working on a cruise ship," Jane simply replied as she recalled how she landed the job. "My friend came and she said, 'You should come on board'. I was doing the club circuit for so long and you know, it's like everything else and I just thought, 'I want to do something different'. "And then my mate, Vicky came and said, 'I'm doing a cruise, why don't you come on that?' "And I went straight away for three weeks and then I got back and it just so happened that the BBC were on at the same time as I was doing my show." "But it all could have gone so horribly wrong," she admitted. James was quick to point out that it didn't go wrong because she has had a successful career travelling the world. James Martin's Saturday Kitchen airs on Saturday at 9.25am on ITV.