Stephen Pound believes Boris Johnson "won’t lead Tories into next election" with the former Labour MP party confident that party gate and rising inflation will eventually bring down the Prime Minister's leadership. Mr Johnson is reeling over the dramatic resignation of Government ethics adviser Lord Geidt.   Mr Pound told GB News: "You and I probably thought the Partygate had finished, but I mean, Lord Geidt's letter I mean, if you see Boris Johnson's response, no, yours faithfully and just Boris Johnson, pretty brutal." He added: "Something has gone seriously and profoundly wrong. "I think we're in the endgame. "I think we're in the Twilight of the Gods or whatever."  The former Labour MP continued: "Because inflation is rolling like a boulder down the hill. "The cost of borrowing is going to increase massively that will then affect people's credit. "It will affect the purchasing power and it's going to have a real problem. "I think, that Boris Johnson should actually be considering what he's going to do when he's no longer Prime Minister.  "Because, you know, he's not going to lead the Tories at the next election. "They're going to lose the two by-elections on Thursday, he is going to be replaced and he's got no money, you know, he's famously fiscally incontinent." It comes as Tory candidates for two upcoming by-elections have been struggling to defend the reputation of their party and that of the Prime Minister. Helen Hurford, the Conservative candidate for Tiverton and Honiton in Devon, twice declined to say that Mr Johnson is honest during an interview with the Guardian, according to the newspaper. DON'T MISS:Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION]Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS]Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION]  Ms Hurford, who is defending the Tory stronghold after Neil Parish resigned as an MP for the area over watching pornography in the Commons, instead said "Boris Johnson thinks he's honest". This comes after Nadeem Ahmed, the party's candidate for Wakefield in West Yorkshire, compared trust in the Tories following the resignation of disgraced former MP for the constituency, Imran Ahmad Khan, to faith in GPs despite the crimes of mass murderer Harold Shipman. Ms Hurford said that as a former primary school headteacher she is "very trustworthy", but when asked if Mr Johnson is equally trustworthy she declined to answer directly, saying: "I will be giving my loyalty to somebody who has been given a third mandate by the party. This has happened. We need to move on." When asked the same question again, Ms Hurford, who is currently deputy mayor on Honiton Town Council, said: "I think Boris thinks that he is an honest person. How I conduct myself is how I conduct myself, and I think you are trying to catch me out here."