Netflix's Stranger Things has taken the world by storm once again, after the release of the long-awaited fourth season. Actor Charlie Heaton who played Jonathan Byers reflected on making the instalment and paid tribute to Argyle star Eduardo Franco.  Jonathan Byers (played by Charlie Heaton) was first introduced in season one as the introverted and sensitive high-schooler. Throughout the first instalment, he was bullied and considered weak by Steve Harrington (Joe Keery). At home, the teenager was struggling to cope with his mother Joyce Byers (Winona Ryder), whose sanity was tested after her youngest son Will Byers’ (Noah Schnapp) disappearance. Unaware his brother had been abducted and forced into the Upside Down, Jonathan blamed himself for not being home, although he was working late. READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show After Will was eventually found, his family and circle of friends became embroiled to uncover their town’s terrifying supernatural forces. At the end of season three, a protective Joyce had enough and decided to relocate her family, with Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown). This came after the tragic and presumed death of her longtime friend Jim Hopper (David Harbour). He was considered to be dead after Joyce was forced to close the gate to the Upside Down with Hopper still inside.  When season four landed on screens last week, it was revealed the Byers had relocated to California from Hawkins, Indiana. In the first few episodes, fans were introduced to Argyle (Eduardo Franco), who had befriended Jonathan. Alongside his new pizza parlour working friend the two were the quintessential 80s weed smokers. In an interview with GQ, Heaton reflected on working with Franco and revealed they had a blast while filming.  DON'T MISS...Dermot O'Leary takes swipe at Anton Du Beke over ticket sales [INSIGHT]Stranger Things season 4 smashes Bridgerton’s Netflix records [INSIGHT]Stranger Things plot hole: How did Kali survive the lab massacre? [BLUNDER] The two would often go out to eat, in Albuquerque, where they were filming for season four. Speaking on his new friendship with Franco, Heaton shared: “He’s a f*****g cool dude in and out of the job, we had a good bromance going on. “What he’s looking for is just doing the craft and having fun and loving what you do, which is exactly what I want to do with my life.” With viewers seeing a newer and less refined side of Jonathan, the actor shared his season four storyline will focus on his long-distance relationship with Nancy (Natalia Dyer) who was in Hawkins.  He said: “We find him in a place of questioning himself and his relationship, you want the people to be invested in them.” As the two actors are also dating in real life, Heaton admitted: “Sometimes it blurs into one. “Me and Natalia have been together for a long time, so you’ve even got to separate it yourself sometimes,” Heaton concluded. Thankfully, fans will soon get to see more of Jonathan when Stranger Things returns to screens with part two of season four. Stranger Things is available on Netflix. 