Fans have been loving the 1990s prequel story of Kanan Stark (played by Mekai Curtis) in Power Book III: Raising Kanan. The first series on Starz was a hit so it didn't come as too much of a surprise when it was announced there would be more to come. One character in particular that viewers have loved watching on screen is Kanan's drug queenpin mum Raquel Thomas (Patina Miller). WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Power Book III: Raising Kanan.Kanan Stark was one of, if not the main villain in the original Power drama as he sought to get his revenge against James "Ghost" St Patrick (Omari Hardwick) for his part in putting him behind bars. So when creator Courtney Kemp and executive producer Curtis "50 Cent" Jackson revealed there would be a Kanan Stark prequel, fans couldn't have been more excited. As the drama continued on Starz, it was clear to see that his mum Raq was a massive influence as she was already a major player in the drug trade around Queenstown. When he was just a teen, Raq even persuaded her son to try and kill Detective Malcolm Howard (Omar Epps), who is secretly Kanan's dad. READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen Actress Patina Miller guest-starred in an episode of the Power podcast The Crew Has It, hosted by Ghost stars Michael Rainey Jr and Gianni Paolo. When Paolo mentioned the idea of a spin-off focusing on Raq's past, Miller insisted that "she needs it". “There’s so much to unpack," Miller continued. "From her running with who she was running with at 15, being caught up with an undercover cop, dealing with two of the top kingpins, being up under them, and then learning all she needs to know from them, and then doing her own thing, being the woman in charge." Rainey Jr piped up stating, "That would be interesting as f**k," before joking that the prequel could be called Raising Raq. “Yeah, Raising Raq, baby! Come on, Sascha [Penn, Raising Kanan creator]," Miller laughed. There have been no serious talks or public announcements made regarding the possibility of a prequel for Kanan's mum. For now at least, it seems like Kemp and her team of writers are focusing on their first four spin-offs before planning any others. DON'T MISS...Andrew Neil claims GB News could have 'killed me'  [EXPLAINER]Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe opens up on filming ’traumatic’ scene [FILMING]Power season 7: Will there be another series of Power? [UPDATE] Raising Kanan fans have had a mixed reaction to the idea of Raq getting her own show. StacksFifthAvenue commented on Reddit: "Yeah, there are some interesting plot points that could be seen in a Thomas Family Power Book. "All in all, getting to see Raq in her early 20’s, Melvin in his mid 20’s, Def Con, Malcolm, Eric and all them running around in the mid-late 70’s and early 80’s would be fun." But not everyone was loving the prospect of yet another Power spin-off. Reddit user xDohvakhinx said: "Think about how stupid that sounds. They’re gonna do a spin-off to a spin-off show." While RyvsWorld sarcastically added: "Let’s just give every character ever their own book. That’ll do it." (sic) Given the drama's growing popularity though, it doesn't seem improbable that the writers may eventually want to go down this path. For the time being though, viewers have the second season of Raising Kanan to look forward to later this year. The Power franchise is available to watch on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.