Newcastle are reportedly eyeing a move for Porto star Pepe as a deal for Hugo Ekitike continues to stall. Magpies boss Eddie Howe is keen to bring in a striker as he continues to boost his squad ahead of the upcoming campaign. The Saudi Arabia-owned club have already flexed their financial muscle with deals to sign Nick Pope and Matt Targett, with Sven Botman set to follow. Having successfully transformed his defence, Howe is now concentrating on adding more goals to his team. His first target was Ekitike, but despite having agreed a fee with Reims earlier this month, a deal still has not been completed. That has led to Howe turning towards alternative options, with Porto star Pepe one of them. He has only spent a year at Porto, helping them to win the Portuguese title last season, scoring six goals and notching six assists. His performances have now drawn the eye of the Magpies, though according to Globo they have failed with an opening bid of £30million. READ MORE: Newcastle's exciting XI with four more signings to push for Europe Instead, Porto are seeking a fee closer to £52m, with his contract containing a release clause of £60.5m. The two clubs are said to be continuing to negotiate, with the Dragons hoping to keep him for longer before selling him on for an increased fee. Porto only signed Pepe for £12m last summer, with Gremio earning 12.5 per cent of any future transfer fee. So far, Newcastle are the only club to submit an official bid for the 25-year-old, with Arsenal also thought to be interested. DON'T MISS: Newcastle willing to make 'monster offer' for Arsenal, Man Utd target (NEWS)Newcastle submit offer for 'top target' Diaby amid Saint-Maximin fears (TRANSFERS)Newcastle close to agreeing Sven Botman transfer with Lillle (INSIGHT) Howe is seeking to boost his forward options, having been hit by a series of injuries in attacking areas last season that left his squad depleted. While Callum Wilson is likely yo keep his place as Newcastle's first-choice striker, the Englishman has been ruled out for significant periods across his career. Rather than be a direct back-up for Wilson, Pepe is likely to fulfill a variety of roles in the forward areas. He played across the forward line for Porto last season and now appears set for a move to the Premier League.