The warning comes after a spate of Britons took to Twitter this week to report calls from fraudsters pretending to be from HMRC. Fraudsters claim there has been a problem with someone’s National Insurance number in a bid to steal personal details. Britons have been taking to Twitter this week to complain about another HMRC scam that is doing the rounds. The scammers have been telling people that there is a problem with their National Insurance number and it is about to be suspended. HMRC has responded and advised people to “stop” and “challenge” whether it is indeed a scam as they would never call people. An HMRC spokesperson said: “Never let yourself be rushed.” READ MORE: Patient with cancer had to fight DWP for money to survive The spokesperson added: “If someone contacts you saying they’re HMRC, wanting you to urgently transfer money or give personal information, be on your guard. “HMRC will also never ring up threatening arrest. “Only criminals do that.” Scams come in many forms and there are a number of HMRC scams currently doing the rounds. DON'T MISS:State pension age: Britons could miss free prescriptions [WARNING]Rishi Sunak to give pensioners extra £850 [UPDATE]Retired before 2016? You could get extra £14.48 per week [INSIGHT]   While some threaten immediate arrest for tax evasion, others claim someone’s National Insurance number has been compromised. In some circumstances, scammers try a different tactic, attempting to steal people’s details by offering a tax rebate. In the 12 months leading up to April 2022, nearly 277,000 people contacted HMRC about suspicious phone calls, text messages and emails. Tax Credits customers who need to renew their annual claims before July 31, are being warned to look out for messages and phone calls purporting to be from HMRC. Myrtle Lloyd, HMRC’s director general for customer services, said: "We’re urging all of our customers to be really careful if they are contacted out of the blue by someone asking for money or bank details. “There are a lot of scams out there where fraudsters are calling, texting or emailing customers claiming to be from HMRC. “If you have any doubts, we suggest you don’t reply directly, and contact us straight away. “Search GOV.UK for our ‘scams checklist’ and to find out ‘how to report tax scams’." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea HMRC recently issued three tips to help people spot a scam: