Westworld has been missing from our screens for the past two years, so fans have been eager to see the drama make a comeback. Season four will be making its debut on Sky Atlantic and HBO, depending on where you are in the world. The sci-fi series is expected to return with a bang following the dramatic series three finale with a familiar face also coming back for more.  Westworld season four is going to be made up of a total of eight episodes, the same as series three. These two seasons are shorter than the first outings of the dystopian drama which contained 10 instalments each. Neither the creators nor the cast of Westworld have explained why the later seasons are shorter. Exactly when viewers will be able to catch up on what's been happening in the futuristic show varies. READ MORE: CSI Vegas season 2: Why is William Peterson leaving? Series four of Westworld premieres on Sunday, June 26 at 9pm EST (Eastern Standard Time) on HBO in America. One new episode is then going to be released every week in the same timeslot on the network. Instalments are also going to debut weekly on the streaming service HBO Max at the same time and will be ready to watch at the click of a button for subscribers. It is a slightly different story for UK fans as HBO and HBO Max are not available beyond the States.  Instead, UK viewers can watch the series four premiere the following day, Monday, June 27, at 9pm on Sky Atlantic. NOW streaming service will be the British equivalent of HBO Max where the episodes will also be available to delve into. It is believed that there aren't going to be any scheduled breaks between episodes airing. This means that season four's grand finale will air on Sunday, August 14, on HBO in America and the next day on Sky Atlantic in the UK. DON'T MISS...'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen [ROYAL]Westworld season 4, episode 1 cast: How stars in HBO series? [CAST]Westworld season 4 release time: When will the Sky drama return? [RELEASE TIME] A synopsis for the debut instalment hasn't come out just yet but the titles of each episode have been released: Episode 1 - The Auguries Episode 2 - Well Enough Alone Episode 3 - Annees Folles Episode 4 - Generation Loss Episode 5 - Zhuangzi Episode 6 - Fidelity Episode 7 - Metanola Episode 8 - Que Sera, Sera  Speaking to The Hollywood Reporter, Caleb Nichols actor Aaron Paul teased what is to be expected in season four. He said: “I can’t wait for people to see what this season is all about “They always go so much bigger as the seasons go on. "Yeah, they definitely put me through it. That is certain. But it was done in a beautiful way, and I loved doing it.” Westworld season 4 premieres on Sunday, June 26, on HBO and HBO Max in America and Monday, June 27 on Sky Atlantic and NOW in the UK.