Forecasters are predicting the clement weather will come to an end in the south of England as soon as this afternoon, with a scattering of showers across other parts of the UK. London could see some heavy rain on Saturday, as the likes of Queen, Duran Duran and Elbow take to the stage as part of the Party at the Palace concert. A band of rain pushing up from the English Channel promises to bring wet weather across the final two days of the bank holiday weekend. However, this is expected only to reach as far as Yorkshire. Temperatures will also be cooler than the balmy warmth that members of the household guards were greeted with yesterday (Thursday). Netweather data suggests highs of 20 degrees in Scotland on Saturday, and 19 degrees on Sunday. READ MORE: Met Office weather warning: Thunder and lightning storms to batter UK The Met Office predicts that temperatures could reach 21 degrees in some parts of west Scotland by 4pm on Sunday. It said that temperatures could peak as high as 25 degrees today (Friday) in parts of the south, but noted that “this will likely be the warmest day” of the weekend for the region. Rebekah Sherwin, deputy chief meteorologist at the Met Office, said that after an “unsettled start” to the long weekend, “a plume of warm air, currently across the continent, then pushes north over the UK through the weekend. “There remains some uncertainty on how far north it will stretch but southern areas are likely to see a spell of showers on Saturday and Sunday, which could turn heavy and thundery at times. “However, there will also be some breaks in the cloud even here, and northern areas are most likely to stay fine and dry.” She added: “Northern Ireland, Scotland and northern England look like they’ll see the driest conditions from Saturday onwards, most likely enjoying some prolonged periods of sunshine.” The Met Office also said there was “still a good deal of uncertainty” about the weather beyond today, meaning the worst of the rain could miss those making the most of the Platinum Jubilee. However, southern parts of the UK could face even worse weather than first anticipated. DON'T MISSQueen’s outstanding ‘most currencies’ world record [INSIGHT]Lily of the valley: How to grow Queen Elizabeth II's favourite plant [ANALYSIS]Lady Louise Windsor health: Royal's ‘profound’ battle with eye problem [VIDEO] It has since placed a yellow weather warning over London and the south of England on Saturday morning, expecting thunderstorms and possible flooding. Jo Farrow, a senior forecaster at Netweather, said there was “the threat of heavy, even thundery downpours in the south” over the weekend. She predicted: “For most of Britain, the weather stays fine and bright but there will still be a scattering of showers this afternoon. “Not as many as in recent days but still, slow-moving and heavy so worth checking the radar.” Ms Farrow added that the downpours are expected to reach over Wales and up to Lancashire by Friday lunchtime, before spreading to Cumbria. The UK will see “a fine morning with warm sunshine” on Saturday, but this will not last for long due to the spread of heavy rains. She said: “London could see a downpour but there is low confidence around this.” Southern England could see highs of 23 degrees today with sunny spells. Temperatures will remain in the high teens or low twenties across the country over the weekend, with “strong sunshine at times” – so it may be worth packing a parka with your picnic blanket.