Salads, dips and fresh green herbs are staple ingredients throughout summer, and potato salad is the easiest way to pack them all into one dish. The classic mix is incredibly easy to make at home too, and requires just a few ingredients to create a basic version of this popular lunch-time meal. Spicing up your homemade potato salad is easy to do with Riverford Organic Farmers expertly crafted recipe, and this is how to make it yourself. One of the best things about potato salad is that you can add almost anything into the mix for a deeper flavour. From spring onions and fresh chives to tangy capers and sweet gherkins, there’s plenty of flavoursome items which can take your salad dish to the next level. This Riverford Farmers recipe uses an irresistible combination of capers, gherkins and mustard vinaigrette to “cut through” the creaminess of the dish, and is the perfect component to any summer meal. READ MORE: How to make the Queen's favourite tipple to celebrate the Jubilee This creamy yet sharp potato salad serves six people, though it can be multiplied to cater for large groups. To make the potato salad, you will need: It'll take just 30 minutes to make this flavoursome salad from start to finish, and is easy to whip up in a hurry at home. Start by cooking the potatoes in boiling salted water until tender and drain the water away. Cut the potatoes into quarters while they are still hot, throwing them into a large, clean bowl where they will be mixed with the dressing. Add the vinegar, oil and a generous serving of salt and pepper. DON'T MISS:Mary Berry shares 'quick and easy' banana bread [INSIGHT]Oreo no-bake cheesecake: Pro's secret for the perfect crumbly base [REVEAL]Queen honoured with life-sized cake in 'stunning' tribute [ANALYSIS] Combine the potatoes with the oily dressing until they are coated and move onto the rest of the mixture,In a separate bowl, add the remaining ingredients and stir well to combine the flavours. At this point, you can also add in any extra ingredients. Fresh spring onions, shallots, chopped parsley, tarragon and chives will all work well in this recipe. Vegetables which work well in this dish include: Pour the coated potatoes into the sauce mixture and stir until well-seasoned. Your potato salad will be ready to serve straight away, and will keep for around three days in the fridge. This dish is incredibly versatile and many of the ingredients can be swapped depending on what you have in the kitchen. New potatoes can be substituted for chopped up jacket potatoes, and the boiled egg can be removed completely.