The news came shortly after the Bank of England raised interest rates to 1.25 percent from one percent earlier today (June 16). Savers will see 0.25 percent automatically added to their savings rates from July but it’s bad news for people with a tracker mortgage.  While an increase in interest rates isn’t great news for people with a tracker mortgage, there was a glimmer of hope for savers today. Higher interest rates mean more interest earned on savings if banks are quick to pass on the Bank of England increases. One bank that has acted quickly is Santander, today announcing changes to its in-credit interest rate on 1I2I3, Select and Private current accounts. It has also announced increases in rates to its savings and mortgage products, following the Monetary Policy Committee decision to increase the Bank of England base rate by 0.25 to 1.25 percent. READ MORE: Lloyds Bank issues scam warning as fraudsters concoct new scams Santander savings products that are linked to the Bank of England base rate will increase by 0.25 percent, effective from July 4. The products linked to the base rate are the Rate for Life and Good for Life savings accounts. Although Santander’s 1I2I3, Select and Private current accounts are not linked to the base rate it has confirmed the in-credit interest rate will increase from 0.50 percent AER on balances up to £20,000 to 0.75 percent AER from June 20, 2022. The increase in the in-credit interest rate means customers will be able to earn up to £150 per year in interest, plus up to three percent cashback on household bills for a £4 monthly fee.  DON'T MISS'Strong impact on savers!' Bank of England raises interest rates [ALERT]State pension could be slashed long term due to a key July change [WARNING]Martin Lewis shares the 'best thing' to do with inheritance money [INSIGHT] Santander saving rates will remain at 2.50 percent for the 123 Regular eSaver and 3.00 percent for the 123 Mini. Meanwhile, all Santander tracker mortgage products linked to the base rate will increase by 0.25 percent from the beginning of July. This includes the Santander Follow-on Rate (FoR) which will increase to 4.50 percent. At the same time, all Alliance & Leicester mortgage products linked to the base rate will increase by 0.25 percent from the beginning of August. Savings rates are beginning to creep up again after the Bank of England increased interest rates by 0.25 percentage points in May and June. Currently, Santander’s 123 Regular e-Saver offers an attractive rate of 2.5 percent interest but this is only for the first 12 months. At the end of the 12 month period, savers will have a maximum balance of £2,400 a year plus £48 in interest. To qualify for this interest rate, customers only need £1 to open an account. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea As the cost of living crisis continues to dominate the headlines and energy bills continue to soar, cashback on bills could pique people’s interest. Santander customers receive up to three percent cashback on selected household bills, capped at £5 in each cashback tier each month. They can also benefit from an additional 15 percent cashback on offers at certain retailers including Coop, Morrisons and Costa. To qualify, all people need to do is go to their Santander app to switch these offers on.