Iced tea is refreshing yet sweet, and offers a small dose of caffeine to keep you energised throughout the day. While this fruity drink is easy to get hold of in ready-made bottles, it can taste even nicer when freshly brewed in the comfort of your own kitchen. There are endless possibilities when it comes to flavouring homemade iced tea, but what’s the best recipe for a basic drink? Here’s a simple lemon iced tea recipe to try at home, as well as two bonus flavourings for an added twist. Iced tea can be flavoured with almost any fruit, though its most popular flavouring uses fresh lemons. Making this traditional drink requires just a few ingredients and minimal effort - just start by gathering a bag of fresh lemons, some honey and plenty of black tea bags. The key to making flavoursome iced tea is to make it fresh rather than preparing it in bulk. The following recipe will make around four glasses of iced tea. READ MORE: BBQ food ideas: 'Bring extra flavour' with genius and easy tip  Boil a full kettle of water and pour it into a large, heat-proof glass container. Add six tea bags for every kettle of water used and stir gently. You can add more teabags if you prefer a stronger brew, it all depends on your personal taste. Use a vegetable peeler to peel off the zest of one lemon, avoiding as much of the white pith as possible. Leave the zested water to seep for five minutes, being careful not to leave it for too long to stop it from becoming overly bitter. At this point, you should remove the teabags and zest and leave the liquid to cool completely. For sweetened iced tea, add one quarter of a cup of honey to one cup of hot water and stir until the sticky substance has dissolved. Leave the mixture to cool before adding it to the freshly brewed tea. Fill a large pitcher or jug with ice cubes and a sliced lemon. Pour the cooled mixture over the ice and stir well. Enjoy the sweet, refreshing citrus tea, adding more honey to taste. DON'T MISS:BBC Good Food’s 8-page guide to celebrating Summer pullout [INSIGHT]'Freshest' cucumber kiwi and spicy charred pineapple margarita recipe [REVEAL]When to harvest garlic - key signs that it’s time to pick [ANALYSIS]  Peaches and raspberries also work well in iced tea, offering a sweet twist to the classic lemon flavour. For the fruit to really come through, use Rooibos tea bags instead of black tea. You will also need honey, water, four ripe peaches and one cup of fresh raspberries for this recipe. To make this, brew the tea bags and water in the same quantities as the lemon iced tea (six tea bags for every kettle's worth of water). Leave the liquid to cool and dissolve some honey into more hot water to naturally sweeten the drink. Combine and leave to cool before pouring over your ice-filled pitcher. To infuse the tea with peach and raspberries, slice the peaches and lightly crush the raspberries before adding them to the pitcher. Pour the tea and stir well, leaving the mixture to infuse for around two hours in the fridge before serving. Mojito-inspired iced tea This refreshing minty drink is inspired by a summer classic - the mojito cocktail. While this popular drink is usually served with rum, this iced tea alternative is alcohol-free and can be enjoyed by anyone. For this cocktail-inspired tea, you will need: Using a vegetable peeler, peel the zest of one lime being careful not to get bitter white rind. Add the lime zest and tea bags to hot water and stir, then leave to steep for five minutes. Remove the tea bags and the zest and allow the tea to cool completely. For sweetened iced tea, add hot water to sugar and stir until the honey is completely dissolved before leaving to cool down. In a pitcher combine ice, lime slices and mint and pour the sweet tea mixture over the ice. Stir thoroughly and leave for two hours in the fridge to infuse before serving. How to make peach and raspberry iced teaPeaches and raspberries also work well in iced tea, offering a sweet twist to the classic lemon flavour.For the fruit to really come through, use Rooibos tea bags instead of black tea.You will also need honey, water, four ripe peaches and one cup of fresh raspberries for this recipe.To make this, brew the tea bags and water in the same quantities as the lemon iced tea (six tea bags for every kettle's worth of water).Leave the liquid to cool and dissolve some honey into more hot water to naturally sweeten the drink.Combine and leave to cool before pouring over your ice-filled pitcher.To infuse the tea with peach and raspberries, slice the peaches and lightly crush the raspberries before adding them to the pitcher.Pour the tea and stir well, leaving the mixture to infuse for around two hours in the fridge before serving. 