Britons living with certain medical conditions may be able to claim this cash boost which could prove vital amid rising bills. As the cost of living crisis continues, people are reminded to see what help is available for them. Living with conditions such as arthritis could make someone eligible for for an extra £369 each month via Attendance Allowance. Attendance Allowance is a benefit payment which is managed and handed out by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). It is designed to help Britons of state pension age and older cover their costs if they have a disability severe enough that they need someone to help look after them. It can help people stay independent in their own home for longer.Claimants do not need to have someone caring for them in order to apply. Successful claimants could receive £61.85 per week if they need help during the day or at night. READ MORE: 'Racked in fear' - Man 'cried his eyes out' after hackers stole £18,000 in devious scam  People can also claim if they need help or supervision throughout the day or night and have a mental health condition, learning difficulties or a sensory condition - if they are deaf or visually impaired. The full list of categories where someone might be able to claim Attendance Allowance are: Someone can spend the money however they chose and it could help them stay independent in your own home for longer. This might include: Attendance Allowance isn't means-tested so it doesn't matter what other money people have coming in or how much they have in savings either - there's no limit. It is also tax-free and they will be exempt from the Benefit Cap so someone can’t have money taken away from any other benefits. To make a claim, Britons will need to complete the application form online, over the phone, or through the post. More details can be found at the Government website. Britons should apply for Attendance Allowance if they have a disability or illness and need help or supervision throughout the day or at times during the night - even if they don’t currently get that help. This might include: Additionally, if someone has difficulties with personal tasks, for example if they take a long time to complete, they experience pain or they need physical help, like a chair to lean on. Britons won’t be able to get Attendance Allowance if they already get PIP, or DLA to pay for their care.