Good Morning Britain viewers were left concerned when Susanna Reid was replaced by Ranvir Singh on Monday's instalment of the ITV show. The 51-year-old, who has acted as the main presenter since Piers Morgan's infamous exit, usually hosts the news programme from Monday to Thursday. Richard Madeley appeared on the latest instalment of the programme with Ranvir and gave no explanation as to why Susanna was not there.However, an ITV spokesperson told Express.co.uk that Susanna had booked time off.A statement issued by the broadcaster read: "Susanna is on a pre-planned week off this week and is due to be back on screen on Monday, June 27." READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint Many Good Morning Britain viewers flocked to Twitter as they were concerned about why Susanna was missing from the show. Annie asked: "Is Susanna on her [holidays] today #gmb?" John Henry Horne added: "No beautiful Susanna Reid this Monday morning, she is usually on presenting with Richard. "I truly hope she is okay, she is missed by a lot of us GMB viewers." George Singh said: "Where is Susanna this morning? I just hope she’s okay - she's so fabulous. Sensational, lovely Susanna Reid."  Matthew Silk asked: "Where is @susannareid100 is she okay?" Eddie remarked: "No @Kevin_Maguire on @GMB and no @susannareid100. I think I will stick with the BBC this morning." A concerned Kath Wilson said: "Okay...Where's Reid? Double checked, it's Monday, don't think it's school hols yet. Ranvir's great, not that but is Susanna okay? It's definitely Monday not Friday isn't it or have I slept through the week, missed my birthday and probably [been] sacked?! (sic) Susanna's absence comes a week after Richard announced he would be taking a "lengthy break" from Good Morning Britain over the summer. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley lashes out over rail strikes in GMB row [VIDEO]GMB viewers demand Richard Madeley be removed over Rwanda question [MUST SEE]Dan Walker says Piers Morgan 'overstepped the mark' in rivalry [LATEST] He told Sunday Brunch viewers last weekend he was on a "short contract" with ITV. The 66-year-old explained to hosts Simon Rimmer and Tim Lovejoy: "Since Piers left, as you know, his chair has been a kind of rotating gig and all sorts of presenters have come in and done it. "It is true that of late I've kind of risen to the top of that pile I suppose. "But I don't know for how long as I'm on quite a short contract."  Richard admitted to Channel 4 viewers: "I don't know what's going to happen." He revealed he is going to France and then will be back "quite a lot" in the autumn. "But as for next year I have no idea and that's fine for me," he added. "I'm not chasing it, you know." Good Morning Britain airs on weekdays at 6pm on ITV. 