Organisers of the French Open have been criticised for making Rafael Nadal vs Novak Djokovic an 8.45pm start with Jamie Murray among the critics after the game finished at 1.15am in Paris. The two played out an absorbing quarter-final at Roland Garros on Wednesday night. Nadal looked likely to be taken a fifth set against the Serb but fought back to win 6-2 4-6 6-2 7-6 (7-4) in one of the most memorable tennis matches in recent years. Having been 5-2 down in the fourth set at Roland Garros, a grandstand finish was expected via a deciding fifth set before Nadal's heroics. But the winning point did not come until 1.15am local time. And Murray, brother of Andy, criticised the tournament for such a late start, with both Nadal and Djokovic since also saying they felt the match started too late. "Impressive scheduling of the Rafa Novak epic," Murray tweeted. "8.45pm start time for a best of 5 set match involving two of the three greatest players ever to pick up a racket. Oh tennis, stop doing it to yourself." The tie saw Nadal advance to the semi-finals, with the Spaniard expected to win his 14th French Open if he advances past Alexander Zverev in the semi-finals. A win would also put him on a record 22 Grand Slams, two ahead of next best Djokovic and Roger Federer on 20, giving him some breathing space as he looks to go down as the best tennis player of all time. And the Serb was gracious in defeat against Nadal, who he claimed was 'the better player'. “I gave my best,” Djokovic told reporters. “I know I could have played better. I’m proud of fighting and staying till the last shot. “I lost to a better player today. Had my chances. Didn’t use them. That’s it. You know, over four hours’ battle, and I have to accept this defeat. “He was a better player I think in important moments." Djokovic's next Grand Slam will be Wimbledon, which starts in just under a month's time. Having won three of the last four men's singles titles, Djokovic will look to move back to just one Grand Slam behind Nadal should the Spaniard prevail at the French Open.