Prime Minister Boris Johnson and French President Emmanuel Macron strolled into their bi-lateral talks with arms around each other. Mr Macron was seen grinning as he posed for cameras with his blazer casually swung over his shoulder. "This is the reunion of a year on now," Boris Johnson said while putting his am around President Macron's shoulder. "The word Brexit wasn't mentioned," a French official said, adding that the two had decided to focus on Ukraine and the consequences of the war. A Downing Street spokesperson added: "They agreed this is a critical moment for the course of the conflict, and there is an opportunity to turn the tide in the war." A French official said Macron had brought up the subject of the European Political Community. Macron last month suggested creating a European political community that would create a new structure, allowing closer cooperation with countries seeking EU membership, even suggesting Britain could be part of it. The official said Johnson had shown a lot of enthusiasm for the idea, saying he had previously suggested such an initiative. Downing Street pushed back against any suggestion the UK would return to pre-Brexit free movement of people. "As far as I'm aware of, the Prime Minister hasn't had any formal details put to him on that.     "It would be fair to say that there's no plans to change our position with regard to freedom of movement, control of our borders, that's not going to change." The pair did not, however, discuss the ongoing Channel migrant crisis. Asked why, the Prime Minister's official spokesman said: "There are very significant issues of geopolitical concern to discuss, not least the crisis in Ukraine. "They have talked about those issues previously and I'm sure they will again. "But, obviously, on the eve of the G7, that's pretty much, I'm sure, at the forefront of both of their minds." The seven world leaders from the UK, Germany, France, Italy, Japan, Canada, and the United States have a packed agenda with the Ukraine war, climate change, hunger, poverty and health on top of the agenda. Leaders have convened in the five-star hotel Schloss Elmau in Southern Bavaria, Germany, under the motto of "Progress towards an equitable world." More precisely, the G7 world leaders are discussing a price cap on Russian oil, deferral of climate change commitments, a potential famine in Africa and the further supply of weapons to Ukraine.   Ahead of the summit, Boris Johnson warned the West not to show war fatigue in their support for Ukraine, as the conflict is dragging on amid continued Russian attacks and advances in the eastern Donbas region. "Realistically there is going to be fatigue in populations and politicians," Mr Johnson warned, adding NATO and the G7 have been solid so far. The main objective of the three-day summit will be to take stock of the impact the economic sanctions are having on Putin’s war machine and how to better target Russia’s economy. US President Joe Biden has already announced a ban on imports of Russian gold. In a tweet, he said: "Together, the G7 will announce that we will ban the import of Russian gold, a major export that rakes in tens of billions of dollars for Russia." READ MORE: Carrie Johnson channels Kate Middleton in white suit for day one of G7  So far, Western allies have imposed a total of six rounds of sanctions designed to crush Russia’s economy. Among the most prominent sanctions are an embargo on Russian oil and extensive export controls. "U.K., U.S., Japan and Canada will lead G7 to ban import of Russian gold, the country’s biggest non-energy export," the UK Government confirmed in a statement. Russia used to be part of then G8 but was excluded in 2014 for its takeover of Crimea, Ukraine. Eight years later, Vladimir Putin unilaterally decided to invade the whole of Ukraine but failed in conquering parts of the north and east of the country. He is now concentrating his war effort in the eastern Donbas region, a territory that has seen fighting rage on since 2014. DON'T MISS:Cooper hints at Lib Dem Labour tactical ploy to oust Tories [REPORT]Red tape cut to clear the way for Motor Neurone Disease research [REPORT]We cannot afford an orgy of acrimony - EXPRESS COMMENT [COMMENT] The G7 Summit comes as Russian troops are making gains in the eastern Donbas region and about to gain full control of the Russian-backed separatist Luhansk province. After months of fighting, the strategic city of Severodonetsk has fallen under Russian occupation, local officials confirmed. Russian troops have also intensified their attacks on Ukraine's capital Kyiv in an attempt to "intimidate" Ukraine, Kyiv Mayor Vilaliy Klitschko said. Boris Johnson and Emmanuel Macron agree the conflict is at a critical stage, with an "opportunity to turn the tide in the war," according to Downing Street. READ NEXT:Have Your Say: Should Boris Johnson serve three terms?“He is bullish”: Johnson defiant of critics as he refuses to changeBritain in move to export Ukrainian grain out to the world'Road to nowhere!' EU Ambassador shuts down Boris Brexit plan'Not on course for victory!' Lammy's Labour celebrations shut down