 With thousands of drivers expected to drive on holiday this summer, they are being warned that they could be fined based on the vehicle they drive. British drivers travelling to France this summer are advised that driving without a French Crit’Air sticker can seem them fined.  The Crit’Air vignettes were launched in January 2017 as the French Government wanted to reduce emissions in major cities. The “clean air” windscreen stickers are a legal requirement in some cities and identify a vehicle’s emissions levels and, in some cases, restrict access to improve air quality. The vignettes cost just €4.51 (£3.85) including postage per vehicle and failure to have one can lead to an on-the-spot fine of up to €135 (£115). Vehicles which are deemed to be the least polluting like electric and hydrogen cars are afforded preferential parking and traffic conditions. READ MORE: Will petrol prices keep rising? UK ‘facing a perfect storm’  All eligible vehicles need to display a Crit’Air vignette on their windscreen to be able to drive and park in restricted traffic zones, such as permanent low-emissions zones and emergency low-emissions zones, according to the RAC. In areas which use this system, certain vehicles can be refused entry based on the Crit’Air sticker - either all the time or on certain days when pollution levels are dangerously high. There are six categories in the Crit’Air system which range from green as the cleanest vehicle through to dark grey for the most polluting vehicles. The system can be compared to Clean Air Zones and the London ULEZ which charge drivers to travel inside certain areas based on the emissions output of the vehicle. DON'T MISSCost of charging an EV is increasing quicker than price of petrol [INSIGHT]'This is madness': Drivers slam EU for 2035 petrol and diesel car ban [SHOCKING]Is this the end for diesel? Record fuel prices putting drivers off [WARNING]  Generally, Euro 4 is the standard for petrol vehicles, while Euro 6 is the benchmark for diesel-powered vehicles. Zero-emission vehicles are given green stickers, while purple stickers are given to fuel and rechargeable hybrid vehicles. Yellow stickers cover Euro 5 and Euro 6, with Euro 4 vehicles will be given orange vignettes. All eligible vehicles need to display a Crit’Air vignette on their windscreen to be able to drive and park in restricted traffic zones, such as permanent low-emissions zones and emergency low-emissions zones.  But, not all vehicles are eligible for the stickers - including cars registered before January 1997 and motorbikes and scooters registered before June 2000 which cannot be driven at all where restrictions apply. France has three permanent low emission zones, known as ZFEs, which restrict access to certain vehicles based on the emission status. These operate in 11 major cities which include Paris, Marseille, Nice, Toulouse and Strasbourg. When driving in Paris, any cars below a Euro 4 emissions standard can be fined €68 (£58) while trucks can be fined €135 (£115).  It is believed that these fines will gradually be tightened to further reduce emissions in major cities. In addition to these, emergency low emission zones (ZPAs) exist which are temporary restrictions imposed on certain vehicles. These exist in several cities and are implemented during certain conditions, including heatwaves.