Nick Kyrgios didn't take long in his second-round match against Filip Krajinovic to start speaking out against the umpire. The Aussie was at the centre of controversy in his first-round match against Paul Jubb after growing annoyed at members of the crowd, as a well as one of the line judges. He needed all five sets to get past the Brit to set up a second-round clash against No 26 seed Krajinovic. Kyrgios won the only encounter between the pair on the ATP Tour back in 2015 in Portugal. And Court 2 was packed to see Kyrgios in action with the Aussie having a strong chance of a deep run at Wimbledon. He got off to a strong start with Krajinovic struggling to cope with Kyrgios' strong serve, and the 27-year-old quickly had two break points on his opponent's serve. Krajinovic eventually hit wide to hand Kyrgios the early break with the umpire calling game. But the umpire then announced a challenge to the bemusement of Kyrgios. "You already called game," he said. "You can't challenge that." Krajinovic was challenging whether Kyrgios' forehand just before he won the point landed in. But the ball was in and the Aussie secured his first break of serve to start the match. Krajinovic continued to struggle on Kyrgios' serve throughout the first set with the 27-year-old dominating a one-sided affair. Kyrgios ended up not dropping a single point on his serve in the first set before breaking his opponent to take a 1-0 lead after just 30 minutes. Following his match against Jubb, Kyrgios explained why he was growing irate throughout the clash. "A lot of disrespect was being thrown today from the crowds," he said. "I'm just starting to think that it's normal when it's really not. "You know, I didn't say anything to the crowd until they started just every time I came down to the far end, people just going. It's just I don't know if it's normal or not." When asked to share details on what was said to him, Kyrgios added: "Just pure disrespect, just anything. "Like someone just yelled out I was s*** in the crowd today. Is that normal? No. But I just don't understand why it's happening over and over again." 