Former Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal has given the Red Devils further reason to sign Frenkie de Jong after the Barcelona midfielder “excelled” in the Netherlands’ 4-1 thumping of Belgium on Friday. United have been strongly linked with De Jong, with some reports suggesting that talks over a deal have already begun. De Jong played the full Nations League fixture as the Dutch beat their near neighbours for the first time in 25 years. He did not manage to get on the scoresheet but impressed head coach Van Gaal. A brace by former United winger Memphis Depay and goals by Steven Bergwijn and Denzel Dumphries secured a big win for Van Gaal’s side. Chelsea outcast Michy Batshuayi scored for Belgium, while fellow Blues striker Romelu Lukaku appeared to suffer an injury. Despite the three scorers, Van Gaal raved about De Jong’s performance in midfield. It will hand United further ammunition to sign the former Ajax ace. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo hints at Man Utd transfer decision Van Gaal told journalists: "It is always a victory for the collective, but there are people who can excel in the collective which is of course great. There are always stars in certain matches, but in this one, Frenkie de Jong and Steven Bergwijn - that was incredible how those two played." De Jong also impressed team-mate, with Liverpool defender Virgil van Dijk insisting that the midfielder is consistently excellent. Van Dijk said: “Bergwijn was incredible, [Steven] Berghuis too. Memphis was excellent. Frenkie, well, he always plays good in my eyes.” Incoming United boss Erik ten Hag is reportedly desperate to sign De Jong and talks have apparently been progressing. It is unclear whether Barca want to sell the player who they signed from Ajax in 2019. DON'T MISS...Liverpool star Van Dijk gives verdict on Man Utd target De JongCristiano Ronaldo hints at Man Utd transfer decisionMan Utd can raise another £82m through player sales as two more for sale United will apparently need to pay around £72m for the Dutchman, who Ten Hag worked alongside at Ajax. That could deplete a budget that needs to go towards a major overhaul at Old Trafford. The club has a squad that has become stale and seriously underperformed last season. United finished sixth and their 58 points was their worst tally in the Premier League era. Work towards those major changes has already begun with the confirmation of four key departures. Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard, Edinson Cavani and Juan Mata will all leave when their contracts expire at the end of June. United have been linked with several transfers given that they appear to need players across all outfield areas. De Jong has been earmarked as a potential new midfielder, while United are also keen to sign a striker.