Kate, Duchess of Cambridge is known to be incredibly close to her parents Carole and Michael Middleton, so it made perfect sense that she paid tribute to them at her Westminster Abbey wedding in 2011. Lots of attention was paid to Kate's gorgeous Alexander McQueen dress on the big day, but the outfits of Kate's four bridesmaids also carried a special hidden meaning. Prince William's cousin Lady Louise Windsor, Lady Margarita Armstrong-Jones, Eliza Lopes and Grace van Cutsem were all bridesmaids at Kate and William's wedding, and they wore white dresses with cream sashes for the service. The bridesmaids' outfits were topped off with elegant flower crowns made from ivy and a royal wedding floral favourite, Lily of the Valley. According to HELLO!, these flower crowns were modelled on the flower wreath Carole Middleton wore at her own wedding in 1980. Kate was rumoured to have wanted to wear a similarly whimsical flower wreath herself on her big day, just like her mum did. READ MORE: Lilibet and Archie tipped to receive title from Prince Charles  But she clearly couldn't say no to the Queen's kind offer of borrowing a tiara from her personal collection, and she was swayed by the elegant and understated Cartier Halo Tiara instead. Previously worn by the Queen Mother, the Cartier Halo Tiara has been in the Queen's possession since she was 18. The diadem is regarded as a perfect 'starter' tiara, making it a fitting choice for a future Queen Consort upon becoming a member of the Royal Family. While a lot of the focus of Kate's wedding was on her joining the Firm, she made sure her parents and siblings were front and centre for the happy occasion too.  There was clearly no one she would rather spend the eve of her wedding with than her mum and sister, so she spent her last night as a single lady with them at the Goring Hotel in London. When the big day arrived, Michael got the honour of walking his daughter and Duchess-to-be down the aisle. Pippa Middleton was also on hand to help her big sister with her train in her capacity as Maid of Honour as she walked into Westminster Abbey. Pippa also wore a stunning McQueen gown designed by Sarah Burton which perfectly complimented Kate's elegant gown.  DON'T MISS:Kate and William bringing Royal Family 'slap bang into modern times' [ANALYSIS]Kate and William share exciting new plan for children [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: 'Meghan the tyrant!' French take aim at Duchess [LIVE] There were also some subtler tributes to the Middleton family on the big day, such as the bride's wedding jewellery. During the service, Kate wore a pair of Robinson Pelham earrings with acorn motifs, which were specially created to reflect the Middleton family's crest. The Royal Collection Trust described the earrings' design as "stylised oak leaves with a pear-shaped diamond set drop and pave set diamond acorn suspended in the centre". Michael and his son James Middleton also wore acorn tie pins, while Pippa Middleton also sported a pair of new earrings from the beloved jeweller. 