The 84-year-old appeared alongside his daughter, radio presenter Zoe Ball and her son to give their views on the week's television. As they tuned into the likes of Love Island and Fifty Shades of Grey, Channel 4 viewers were ecstatic to see him and quickly took to social media to state the TV personality had "made" their night. At one point, Johnny and his daughter and grandson were watching Love Island. "Would you go on Love Island, grandad?" Asked Zoe's son, Woody Cook. "Erm, I might find it exhausting at my age, to be honest," he replied. He went on: "Because I wouldn't like to leave anybody out." READ MORE: Bargain Hunt’s Roo Irvine opens up on ‘heart-breaking change in family Zoe and Woody burst out laughing at his comments, and viewers also found him hilarious. Later, as the Gogglebox cast watched 2015 film Fifty Shades of Grey, Zoe was mortified as she stated: "Oh my God, I'm going to watch this with my dad!" Meanwhile, fans couldn't contain their excitement at seeing an iconic favourite on their screens. Twitter user @hotel_bastardos wrote: "@C4Gogglebox JOHNNY BALL!!! You've made my night."  @joodles1322 commented: "Jonny Ball on #Gogglebox WHAT A COMPLETE LEDGE." @frosted_north penned: "The ever-amazing Johnny Ball is on Gogglebox. I shall go to bed happy today." "The Hero that is Johnny Ball is on Goggle Box! And he looks Brilliant," @Iainsatthepub added. @RaymondSouthorn shared: "The legend Johnny Ball is on with Zoe and Woody! #Gogglebox." DON'T MISS... One Question viewers blast Claudia Winkleman's new gameshow [REACTION]Antiques Roadshow expert stumped by value of dagger linked to king [VIDEO]Doctors star details new film role away from BBC soap [EXCLUSIVE] @Carlosreddevil posted: "So not only is Johnny Ball still alive but he’s also f***ing funny #Gogglebox." (sic) Johnny hosted several children’s shows throughout the 1970s and 1980s, including Think of a Number and Think Again. He presented mainly educational shows involving popular science and technology. He also worked behind the camera, writing jokes for shows such as Crackerjack. Johnny remains the oldest Strictly Come Dancing contestant in the show's history, having taken part in 2012 at the age of 74. Zoe hosted spin-off show It Takes Two at the time, a role she held until 2021 when she decided to move on and dancer Janette Manrara took over. While Zoe and Woody have appeared on Celebrity Gogglebox before, it was Johnny's debut appearance on the reality show. Celebrity Gogglebox continues on Friday at 9pm on Channel 4.