Long Lost Family is back on ITV tonight and it follows Roy, who had a happy childhood with his Jamaican dad and British mum. But as a young man, he discovered his mum wasn’t actually his birth mother. Express.co.uk spoke to Roy about his journey as he attempted to track down the woman who gave birth to him on the TV show. Roy grew up with his Jamaican dad, Eccleston, and his British mum, Joan. He had a happy upbringing, but when signing papers to join the Navy, he needed his birth certificate. This was the time his father told him Joan was not actually his birth mother. He explained a lady called Janet had given birth to him, and Eccleston had been in a relationship with her as a young man. He did not want to give Roy up, but Joan's parents were concerned about a young, interracial couple raising a child. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast host worries fans after rush to hospital Joan had been living with her parents during a time when social attitudes were very different. Eccleston was adamant his son would not go to someone else and he raised him along with Joan. When he first found out Joan was not his birth mother, he said he felt a sense of shock. He added: "I had no inkling that anything was wrong and certainly this lady I called my mum, I had no reason to believe she wasn't my mum." Roy said he did not want to start looking for Janet until Joan was no longer with him, out of "respect" for the woman who raised him. Sadly this meant he was too late as he discovered his birth mother had died just months after he started his search. Joan died in 2013 and it took a long time for Roy to start his search. He explained: "I'm very upset that when I did start my search, I left it too late. "From my mum's passing to searching for my birth mother, there was a six-year gap. "I could have potentially tried during that time but I didn't because of respect." DON'T MISS...Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe details ‘horrible day’ on setLong Lost Family viewers surprised by 'complicated' twistLong Lost Family viewers in tears as youngest foundling revisits birth His discovery was a bittersweet one as he found out, with the help of Long Lost Family, he had two siblings - Jo and Dan. Roy added: "Yes I have now found I have siblings and we are in contact every day. "But the real person I wanted to get to know and have a relationship with wasn't here anymore. "And what made it all the more painful was she passed away in April 2019. "I started my search in July 2019 so I missed her by months." One thing he did take away from meeting his siblings is the fact they always knew about him. Jo and Dan explained their mother had felt pressure from her parents and did indeed regret giving Roy up. They have always known about him, and remember Janet speaking about his birthday every year. Roy said: "I was really shocked because part of what I wanted to know was whether she actually thought of me. "And to find out that she had spoken to my brother and sister and they have always known about me, it was a weird feeling."   Roy praised the Long Lost Family team and Davina McCall for their support throughout the process. He said: "It was quite a surreal feeling to be honest, on my side of the search I had Davina. "Having somebody so high profile and well known, I felt quite honoured. "I have made contact with her a couple of times as well, she's a lovely woman, very down to earth. "The support that has been given prior to, during and continuing from the team is second to none. "I cannot thank them enough from the bottom of my heart for everything they have done to get me to this point in my life. "Without them, I tried and failed and I wouldn't have got any further."  Long Lost Family airs on ITV at 9pm. 