Queen Elizabeth II's 70th year on the throne has gifted Britons a long bank holiday weekend, which commences tomorrow. June 2 to 5 will combine two bank holidays, the spring and all-new Platinum Jubilee break, allowing people to make the most of the recent summery weather. At the same time, the Queen's celebrations will ramp up to full throttle, treating people to a host of sky-bound displays many will want to watch. The Platinum Jubilee will come with several flyovers celebrating the Queen, with events scheduled for each day of the bank holiday weekend. The first will accompany Trooping the Colour on June 2 at around 1pm, with the RAF set to conduct a flypast over Buckingham Palace. The route will take participating planes in a broad arc around the southeast, veering Southwold, Suffolk, and several areas en route to London before they disperse. READ MORE: ‘Confusing' to see the Queen in muted colours Those living under its path can watch by looking up, and everyone else should be able to watch the flypast on TV. BBC One usually carries a dedicated broadcast of Trooping the Colour, and other channels such as ITV and Sky News will likely do the same. None of these channels have yet announced when their coverage will begin however. People hoping to spot the fan favourite Red Arrows in person will have one more opportunity on June 2. The acrobatic planes will appear once again in the evening during the Midlands air Festival. They will conduct a second display after appearing at the Jubilee flypast, but festival runners have not released a precise schedule yet. The festival runs from June 2 to June 4 and only plans an in-person event, with adult single-day adult tickets costing £27.50, two-day tickets costing ​£49.00 and three-day tickets £69.00. The English Rivera airshow is a three-day event running from June 4 to June 5. The airshow is one of the few which have already released timings for its events. Showrunners have also promised a range of aircraft making an appearance, including the Red Arrows. They will appear in the skies above Devon on the evening of June 4, closing out the first day at 5pm. The planes return for a second display first thing on Sunday around 12pm, with their presence on both days bookending flyovers from Chinook helicopters, parachuters, Spitfires and other air acrobats. The airshow is a primarily public event, with tickets costing around £15 each. Airshow organisers have previously streamed parts of the show live but have not announced whether or not they will do so in 2022.