Almost three million people (2.7 million) are losing out on billions of pounds in Council Tax support according to charity Turn2Us. That adds up to a staggering £938 per person. While Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced all households in bands A to D would receive a Council Tax rebate of £150 back in February, millions of Britons could be missing out on other Council Tax help. Depending on someone’s circumstances, people could see their council tax bills reduced by as much as 100 percent. At the same time, around half a million British households could be paying too much Council Tax because they are in the wrong tax band. They may even be able to get their claim backdated which would be particularly useful right now with the cost of living crisis getting worse. READ MORE: Attendance Allowance: 56 health conditions that could mean you get £4k Reductions could be anywhere between 25 and 100 percent depending on someone’s living arrangements, income and personal circumstances. Britons who live on their own could get 25 percent off their bill depending on their income and savings. However, it’s not just single adults who might qualify - households with one adult living with them who is "disregarded” could also be eligible for financial help. Ten groups of people are disregarded from paying Council Tax bills. DON'T MISS:State pension age: Britons could miss free prescriptions  [ALERT]Martin Lewis shares the 'best thing' to do with inheritance money [INSIGHT]Urgent scam warning - Devastating new fraud could cost you thousands [WARNING] Britons are usually disregarded from Council Tax if they are: Britons should get in touch with their local council if they think they would qualify for a council tax reduction. Meanwhile, some 80 percent of British households are eligible for a Council Tax rebate of £150 to help them pay soaring energy bills. People who live in bands E to H can still get help paying their energy bills but they will have to apply via the Household Support Fund’s discretionary scheme. Rishi Sunak invested an extra £500million bringing the total funds available to £1.5billion but it’s up to individual councils how they distribute the money. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea More than 100 councils across the UK still haven’t confirmed when they will be paying these rebates. Although they have until September to issue the refunds, many Britons will be hoping to receive the money before then. Those who pay their council tax by direct debit will receive it sooner than others, if they haven’t received it already. It should be paid as a separate rebate rather than a discount on someone’s Council Tax bill.