Elton John, 75, worried fans after he was pictured in a wheelchair as he arrived at Leipzig Airport for a show in Germany. However, the I'm Still Standing hitmaker has taken to Instagram to shut down claims he looked "frail", saying he is in "top health" and was only offered the wheelchair due to the "extremely long walk" to get to the plane. Elton took to Instagram today to share three snaps from his worldwide Farewell Yellow Brick World Tour. In view of his 4 million followers, he penned: "I want to thank all my fans for reaching out to ask about my health, after the tabloids ran a silly story about my 'looking frail' in a wheelchair. "The true story is that I’m in top health, loving my shows and playing and singing at my very best. "I give 100% every night and never want to disappoint, especially after everyone has waited so long to get back to seeing shows. READ MORE: Camille Vasquez named star of trial by fans as Johnny Depp wins case "Your response to every show has been phenomenal and I’m loving every minute of it." The singer then went on to explain why he was pictured in a wheelchair this week. He continued: "After another rousing 2.5 hour show, we arrived at Leipzig airport just before curfew, to find part of the airport had closed. "It was an extremely long walk to get to the plane, so my team kindly laid on a wheelchair so I could rest my hip after doing the show. That’s all folks. "Last night was another blockbuster show in Bern and I’m looking forward to seeing everyone at this weekend’s sold-out show in Milan. "Thanks for all your kind words of support!" Many social media users took to the comments to share their joy over the good news about Elton's health as well as share their excitement for his upcoming shows. Susmurphy said: "Bless you, Elton! Long May you rock! Love you madly…" DON'T MISS... Jane Seymour, 71, showcases curves in figure-hugging red swimsuit [PICS] Penny Lancaster admits she's 'nervous' for husband Rod Stewart [INSIGHT] Gary Lineker slammed for jibe about Johnny Depp and Amber Heard trial [OPINION] Karinapaulaoliv added: "Oh thank God for your health!!! We love you very much! "Take care of yourself! And you are simply the best! Thank you! God bless you forever!!" Rocketmaxshow commented: "Thank goodness for that. Keep on rocking and inspiring us." Elton's comments come after he was pictured in a blue Gucci tracksuit, while he was wheeled to the plane in a wheelchair. This sparked concern after the superstar recently took a break from his tour after a hip injury which forced him to postpone his tour dates but the musician is back in good health. He also had to use a wheelchair back in 2019 after he suffered a sprained ankle. Along with continuing his European tour later this month, Elton is due to star alongside Queen and Diana Ross for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee concert in a pre-recorded performance. He is also due to perform later this month at Hyde Park for his own show with many special guests including Rina Sawayama, Gabriels, Let’s Eat Grandma, Berwyn, Thomas Headon, Tom A Smith and Juanita Euka.