Battery technology firm Britishvolt is currently constructing Britain’s first gigafactory in Blyth, Northumberland, after raising £1.7billion in funding. Once finished, it will produce over 300,000 electric battery packs a year, with a total capacity of over 38 GWh by the end of the decade. As carmakers around the world gradually switch their fleets to electric vehicles, the establishment of a major battery manufacturing facility in the UK could revive Britain’s automotive industry.  Speaking to Express.co.uk, Orral Nadjari, the CEO of Britishvolt, hailed Brexit as one of the reasons for his company’s success. While many major companies began leaving the UK after Brexit, Mr Nadjari was confident in backing Britain. He said: "Things like Brexit, recessions, inflation – these are cycles. "Decades ago we voted to be part of the EU, and now we have voted to leave. It is not for Britishvolt to judge which is right. "But what we do see when we look back on these trends is Her Majesty's Government always manages to reinvent itself. "There's a reason why the pound is one of the strongest currencies in the world, it's called the Sterling.” Mr Nadjari noted that while foreign investment in the UK was plummeting, Britishvolt saw a major opportunity. He said: "When it comes to Brexit, Britishvolt was founded in 2019 and Isobel Sheldon (the company's Chief Strategy Officer) was hired in 2020 – before we had the Trade and Cooperation Agreement with the EU. "At that point in time, everyone was leaving the UK. You could see the foreign investment numbers plummeted. "Britishvolt decided to stay and was a contributor in 2021 and became a major contributor in 2021. READ MORE: Musk primed for UK investment via Britain's first gigafactory  "We are now leading that electrification technology in the UK.” Most recently, it was reported that Elon Musk was primed to invest in the UK as Britishvolt is looking to produce batteries similar to the ones used by Tesla. Earlier this month, it was also reported that Tesla would be using denser “4680 format” cells to power all of their future electric vehicles — including the angular-looking Cybertruck. Britishvolt is also looking to focus on high-performance vehicles such as those manufactured by Aston Martin and Lotus — both of whom have signed up as future customers. Mr Nadjari continued: "Brexit, for us, has allowed us to be the one (in the UK), rather than being one of many in Europe. DON'T MISS: Shark mystery solved as fearsome Megalodon's harrowing diet unveiled... [REPORT] Titanic mystery blown open as passengers ‘doubled sinking speed’ [REVEAL] Russia's plans are now 'doomed' as Putin 'awakens sleeping giant' [INSIGHT]