A recent Government poll revealed that six in 10 GPs now work a three-day week and a third of all family doctors want to retire within five years, citing a better work-life balance as the main reason – hardly surprising when they’re on an average wage of £100,000 a year. “All of us deserve comfort and pleasure in our lives,” said the junior doctor who proposed the strike action on Monday, revealing that this is a lifestyle request they hope will be funded by the apparently neverending generosity of the hardpressed taxpayer. Already our National Insurance tax has gone up this year to supposedly provide £12billion extra money to help the NHS recover from Covid, but how much will get swallowed up in wage increases? If the doctors get their way, very little will find its way into frontline equipment and supplies. New Labour prime minister Tony Blair started the ball rolling by throwing taxpayers’ money at the NHS with little improvement. In 1997, he gave £1billion to the NHS. Yet within months, waiting lists had soared by 14 percent. Under New Labour, GPs got a 26 percent pay increase plus more generous pensions and a reduction in hours – but still performance did not improve. In fact, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) noted that NHS staff productivity fell between 2001 and 2005. Its report in 2004 said that just £35 out of every additional £100 spent had produced real improvements in the previous two years. Instead, £56 of that money had fuelled inflation within the NHS (the remaining £9 had been lost through falling productivity), with it reputedly claimed that “hospital staff car parks often looked like top-end vehicle showrooms”.  Medics might say their pay has fallen 30 per cent since 2008, but they have already benefited from years of generous pay rises, with many now taking home over £100,000 a year for shorter working weeks. No one doubts that NHS staff put in heroic work during the pandemic, but the fact remains that waiting lists have rocketed in the wake of Covid – up to a record high of 6.5 million patients needing hospital treatment. And far fewer of the sick are able to see their GPs for routine appointments, often resorting to needless visits to A&Es. In that light it seems absurd to demand that taxpayers cough up even more money for a service many experience as being far less good than it used to be. All of us working in the private sector would love to have the security of automatic public sector wage increases and pensions, but we don’t, and find it increasingly wearing to be asked to fork out even more of our earnings for those cushioned from economic turmoil by working for the state. Boris Johnson and his Government must stand firm on this latest demand or else the whole nation will suffer from the subsequent wage-price spiral, just as we did in the 1970s.  Perhaps the most undeserved claim for money though comes from Bank of England staff now demanding an inflation-busting pay rise. They must be having a laugh, because if they went on strike – no one would notice their loss of “expertise”. This is the team of highly educated civil servants who at near zero for the best part of a decade, fuelling a rise in house prices that means most young people can only dream of buying their first home, and then, following the end of lockdown and an entirely foreseeable increase in demand, did not get ahead of the inflationary curve we now all face. In fact , if anything, they deserve a cut in wages based on their hapless performance, especially as their own boss has called on everyone to exhibit more restraint on pay demands. What an irony it is that the very institution whose job it is to deal with inflation should wish to be protected against their own inability to predict or prevent it. Rewarding failure would never be so flagrant. All eyes are on the Prime Minister and the Chancellor to exert the same strength of purpose Margaret Thatcher showed when she faced down public sector unions in order to protect us from the scourge of uncontrolled price rises. Especially after many of them have benefited from the years of profligacy unleashed by Tony Blair and New Labour. 