Turkey will now be known as Türkiye, which will be adopted by the United Nations this week. President Recep Tayyip Erdogan is understood to be embarrassed by their country's association with the ground feeding festive bird and the Cambridge English Dictionary's definition saying the meaning of the word is "something that fails" or is "a stupid or silly person".  Turkey's foreign minister Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu wrote a letter to the United Nations with the request. Anadolu Agency said Stephane Dujarric, spokesperson to UN secretary general António Guterres, confirmed receipt of the and said the name change had become effective “from the moment” the letter was received. Mr Cavusoglu told Anadolu Agency: “Together with our Directorate of Communications, we have been successful in preparing a good ground for this.  “We have made it possible for the UN and other international organisations, countries to see this change to using ‘Türkiye’." President Erdogan previously said in December: "Türkiye is the best representation and expression of the Turkish people's culture, civilization, and values." Selim Koru from the Foreign Policy Research Institute told BBC News: "The association with the bird genuinely annoys Erdogan and the people around him.  READ MORE: Turkey's feared drones obliterating Russian troops in Ukraine   "Their claim is that Türkiye conveys Turkey's eternal spirit more than the English word." Exported products will now feature "Made in Türkiye" instead of "Made in Turkey" and a tourism campaign launched in January featured the catch-phrase "Hello Türkiye". Turkey’s English-language state broadcaster TRT World said Googling “Turkey” brings up a “a muddled set of images, articles, and dictionary definitions that conflate the country with Meleagris – otherwise known as the turkey, a large bird native to North America – which is famous for being served on Christmas menus or Thanksgiving dinners".  DON'T MISSTurkey ramps up fight against NATO expansion bids in warning to EU [INFO]Erdogan outlines ‘valued project’ with Zelensky [INSIGHT]Turkey throws spanner in works as it rejects Finland-Sweden NATO bid [REVEALED] It said: “Flip through the Cambridge Dictionary and ‘turkey’ is defined as ‘something that fails badly’ or ‘a stupid or silly person’.” They said the country prefers to be called Türkiye, in “keeping with the country’s aims of determining how others should identify it”. Türkiye is pronounced Tur-key-yay. Turkey has been known by its current name since around 750AD.