The hot summer weather can cause unusually swollen feet and ankles when fluid builds up around the tissue. While the problem will usually go away once your body has cooled down, the puffy appearance and swollen feeling can be uncomfortable and embarrassing to deal with in the sweltering heat. Luckily there are several easy ways to reduce your chances of experiencing swollen feet this summer - but what are they? Express.co.uk spoke to Lifesum’s lead nutritionist Signe Svanfeldt to find out. Swollen feet and ankles have several causes, including being pregnant, overweight, taking certain medications or having an injury - but it can happen to anyone in the hot weather. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Signe Svanfeldt, lead nutritionist at Lifesum said: “Swollen feet and ankles due to hot weather is usually called heat edema, which is fluid ‘trapped’ in tissues which causes the swelling. “Being swollen for a short period of time is likely not to cause any major health implications, but if you experience swelling for a long period of time it can be due to other reasons such as an underlying disease. In this case, it might be worth contacting your health care professional.” READ MORE: Heatwave warning: Triple-whammy of blistering sun to blast UK There are plenty of natural remedies that can prevent swollen limbs in the hot weather, and it’s as simple as changing the way you eat and drink. Miss Svanfeldt said: “Even though the swollen feet are due to fluids that build up, drinking a sufficient amount of water can help prevent swelling.” Not only is hydration crucial to replenish lost fluids through sweating, but it is also important to control the salt levels in your blood. Foot and Ankle specialists, Care Plus explained not drinking enough water can make the concentration of salt in your blood rise, which makes your body retain any water you drink, contributing to swelling. Aim for at least eight to 10 glasses of plain water a day and consider using a water tracker to ensure you’re getting enough in your daily diet. While many Britons reach for a refreshing alcoholic beverage on a hot day, it could be contributing to swelling in your feet and ankles. According to Miss Svandfeldt, drinking an excessive amount of alcohol can increase the likelihood of swelling in other parts of the body too, including the face, hands and fingers. Keeping your body cool is the simplest way to prevent and reduce swelling. Stick to shaded areas outdoors and try to stay in well-ventilated spaces while at home or work. Blasting your legs with a cold shower or soaking your feet in a bucket of cold water will help to regulate your body temperature if you’re struggling on a hot day. DON'T MISS:Hair loss: 'Hair-care' habits ‘responsible’ for permanent hair loss [REVEAL]Supplements: Excess vitamin B12 could result in a 'strange sensation' [INSIGHT]High cholesterol symptoms: Six 'physical' signs in your feet - CDC [ANALYSIS] Elevation is one of the best ways to 'drain' excess fluid trapped in the tissues around your feet and ankle. Care Plus recommended elevating your feet and legs higher than your heart, about three or four times a day for 30 minutes at a time. Being overweight increases the risk of swollen feet or ankles and a long list of many other health problems. Eating a healthy diet with plenty of nutrient-rich foods, including vegetables, fruits, whole grains and legumes, in line with your energy requirement, can help to maintain or reach a healthy weight. Miss Svandfeldt said: “If you’re unsure about how much energy is sufficient for you, the Lifesum app can help you to calculate your energy needs to ensure that you reach and stick to your daily requirements.” Excessive salt should be avoided in the hot weather to keep you hydrated, but also to reduce puffiness in your hands, feet and ankles. As salt binds water, reducing your intake of salt and salty foods in your diet is crucial to avoid this unpleasant warm-weather condition. Keeping an eye on what you eat and drink isn’t the only way to keep swelling at bay. In fact, activity is just as important. Miss Svandfeldt said: “Sitting for a long period of time can increase the risk of swollen feet and ankles. "This can also occur if you’re standing still for a period of time, so increase the amount of movement in your daily life to increase the blood flow.”