Strictly Come Dancing star James Jordan rushed to Susanna Reid's defence yesterday after a troll aimed an attack with incorrect grammar. The 44-year-old urged him to "at least pretend" to be educated. The drama had begun after @stemuffy had told Susanna: "Your shit at your job." (sic) Not to be defeated, she hit back by retorting: "You're pretty rubbish at spelling, but there we go." As some of her 878,000 followers stepped in to support her, James Jordan led the pack by addressing the tweeter personally. Using a tears of laughter emoji, he exclaimed: "If “you’re” going to troll someone at least try and pretend “you’re” educated." READ NOW: Kirstie Allsopp blasts commentator for 'clearly loathing' Royal Family He added: "But - we all know trolls are generally thick as shit, point proven." Then he told Susanna: "You're great by the way." The troll seemed to have been silenced - but readers had mixed feelings about the way the person had been spoken to. @jo31070 implored: "Please take this down, you don't know if this person has a learning disability. "Thought better of you. Why not rise above it?" However @HellsBellsy was suspending her sympathy, retorting: "Learning disabilities don't excuse you from being a twat and abusing someone online...." @gennard_emma agreed, echoing: "If he is going to judge others and be rude then he has to expect the same treatment back. "If you can't take it then don't dish it out." DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan reacts as ‘Aunty Meghan’ tweet sparks 'woke fan' fury [DEBATE] Zoe Ball blamed for 'painful' Jubilee version of Sweet Caroline [INSIGHT] Prince Charles 'segregated' Harry and Meghan claims Fern Britton [LATEST]  After hearing that the comments were considered "disrespectful" to those who "struggle with spelling", she exclaimed: "Can't believe some people are actually sticking up for an internet troll and judging the victim instead." @MarcHasNoFilter advised: "[Trolls] also see being blocked as a badge of honour. Mute them instead. "They can still hurl abuse at you, but you won’t see it and they’ll just be ranting into the wind, totally oblivious." "Well done on standing up for yourself!" chimed in @craig_p1. @edentracey replied: "It really makes your day when someone with such a comprehensive command of spelling and grammar decides to criticise someone at the top of their game." "Great response Susanna. People in the media like yourself are so good at saying a lot in very few words," added @PavichMichael. Susanna clearly has a large amount of fans, in spite of the occasional troll. It was recently announced that she is leading the nominees at the National Reality TV Awards.