The future of the James Bond franchise is currently uncertain. Amazon currently owns the rights to the series, and the next actor to portray 007, after Daniel Craig, has not yet been announced. The official reveal of the new MI6 spy will likely come by the end of the year, but until then, the odds hold the best chance of predicting which actor will be donning the tuxedo next. And things are beginning to look very good for Tom Hardy. Hardy has become a fan favourite in the ongoing Bond odds since No Time To Die was released in 2021. The Venom and Inception star has a strong fanbase who reckon he'll be the perfect actor to replace Craig in the near future. However, in recent years, he has admitted he would "not" talk about the possibility of taking the role, for fear of losing it. That doesn't seem to be happening, though. Ladbrokes have recently given the star incredible 6/1 odds on becoming the next Bond, James Bond. Hardy's improving odds mean he is on the up-and-up to take down the current leaders in the bets. Just ahead of him is the wonderful Henry Cavill, who has 4/1 from the betting agent. The Superman actor would be a perfect fit for Bond, but he has a lot of commitments at the moment. The most prominent of which is his role as Geralt of Rivia in Netflix's fantasy show The Witcher. However, Cavill is likely working hard behind the scenes to secure the Bond role, as the star likely has a lot to prove - considering he was turned down once before. READ MORE: Next James Bond frontrunner thinks new 007 ‘must be true to Fleming’ Cavill went head-to-head against Craig in 2005 for the role of Bond in the 2006 movie Casino Royale. Unfortunately for the British heartthrob, he was told he was "too chubby" for the character. He explained that, at the time, he "did not know how to train or diet". Alas, it was not meant for him to become the next 007. But his second-place spot in the odds bodes well for him. That was, until, another Netflix hunk got involved in the betting. DON'T MISS...Black Adam trailer: James Bond's Pierce Brosnan stars with The Rock [NEWS]Sean Connery and Michael Caine were appalled by racism on film set [INFO]Biggest collection of James Bond memorabilia to sell for £3million [INSIGHT] Regé-Jean Page is top of the Bond odds at the moment. The 34-year-old is best known for playing the Duke of Hastings in the period drama Bridgerton. The British-Zimbabwean actor is currently leading the pack with an impressive 5/2 on claiming the Bond role. Ladbrokes' Alex Apati said of the current odds: "It's looking, at best, like a three-horse race to replace Daniel Craig right now. Regé-Jean Page, Henry Cavill and Tom Hardy have all headed the betting at some stage over the past year or so, and the latest odds suggest the 007 gig will go to one of them." But Page himself is not so sure he will claim the Bond role. Page said in a recent interview that he thinks being considered for Bond is like a "merit badge". He said: "If you are British and you do anything of repute, them people take notice and start saying the "B" word. I think that's fairly normal." He added: "It's more of a procedural thing and I'm flattered to be in the category of Brits that people have noticed but it's nothing more or less that that." The James Bond films are available on Amazon Prime Video now.