Rachel Riley, 36, has taken to Twitter to respond to a claim made by a former Countdown winner about the Channel 4 game show. Mathematician Junaid Mubeen spoke out on his experience in the programme during a conversation with presenter Rosamund Urwin on the podcast Intelligence Squared. Rosamund took to the social media platform earlier today to announce a new instalment featuring Junaid. She also apologised in advance to Rachel for Junaid’s claim that Countdown “paints a false picture” of mathematicians. Rosamund tweeted: “My new @intelligence2 podcast is with @fjmubeen - mathematician and Countdown winner - who explains why Google’s chatbot isn’t really sentient, the problems of AI and why Countdown (sorry @RachelRileyRR!) paints a false picture of what mathematicians do.” Reposting the tweet in view of her 691,500 followers, Rachel admitted she would agree in advance with the former contestant. She wrote: “Blast from the past for Countdown fans, I’m sure I’d agree in advance with Junaid!” Rachel recently surprised Countdown fans as she debuted a brand new temporary role. The presenter took over the radio airwaves as she stepped in for Angellica Bell, 46, on Scala Radio. Rachel took to Twitter to announce the exciting news last month in a candid video filmed from her new workplace. She urged fans to tune in as she gave her followers an insight into the job. Rachel began: "Hi... look at me, I'm in an actual radio station. "This weekend I'll be hosting my very own radio show on Scala Radio. Angelica Bell is off so I'm stepping into her chair." She panned the camera to her seat, as she continued: "There it is. It's not a very exciting chair but it is very exciting music. DON'T MISSDavid Beckham slams Victoria's bad habit after he gets on her nerves [LATEST]Alex Scott sparks complaints from Soccer Aid viewers with daring dress [PICTURES]Kate Garraway left 'fretful' as husband Derek 'in and out of hospital' [INSIGHT] "If you're into classical music with a modern twist, or pop and rock songs reimagined, or even show tunes, then this is the show for you. "I will be here for weekend brunch. Today, Saturday, tomorrow, Sunday, 10am until 1pm." She captioned the clip: "I’m on the radio!! @ScalaRadio today and tomorrow 10am - 1pm and the tunes are *gorgeous*. "It’s worth turning in for an instrumental version of Bowie’s Life on Mars all on its own - come join us!" She later retweeted a post from the official Scala Radio account, which read: "@RachelRileyRR is sitting in for @angellicabell this weekend from 10am with the perfect soundtrack to kick start your weekend, including a new #DonneTriplePlay!" Social media users rushed to reply to Rachel’s tweet to congratulate her on her temporary new gig. Kyle wrote: "Amazing. I'll be tuning in." Sam remarked: "I hope you really enjoy it."