This year’s Epsom Derby falls on the weekend celebrating the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, and is one of the monarch’s favourite events. However, the Queen herself will not be in attendance and will instead be represented by Princess Anne. There will be seven races held across Saturday afternoon, with the Queen tuning in from the comfort of Windsor Castle. The annual Epsom Derby typically sees around 100,000 spectators thanks to the accompanying Epsom Fair - making it one of the biggest sporting events in the UK. Today’s races will be taking place on wet ground, after a morning of rain and grey skies, with riders hoping for some reprieve from the rain this afternoon. The Cazoo Derby this year will be run in honour of nine-time Derby winner Lester Piggott. The racing legend died last week at the age of 86. Whether you're watching the Derby from home or the pub, here's the full timetable of races. Read More: Queen's love of horses captured in unseen footage ahead of Epsom Derby Epsom Derby full schedule 2pm - Cazoo Handicap 2.35pm - Princess Elizabeth Stakes (Group 3) 3.10pm - Cazoo Diomed Stakes (Group 3) 3.45pm - Simpex Express 'Dash' Handicap 4.30pm - Epsom Derby (Group 1) 5.15pm - World Pool Northern Dancer Handicap 5.50pm - RA Tokyo Trophy Handicap Coverage will begin from 12.40 on ITV1. You can stream live via the ITV hub or watch via channel 103 on Sky, Freeview, Freesat and Virgin Media. Today's Epsom Derby has a prize pot of £1.5 million, with money spread out among other winning jockeys. This year's purse has risen from £1.2 million in 2021. The winner will take home a staggering £850,000, and even sixth place nets a prize of up to £20,000. The Queen was due to have a horse participate in the penultimate race today, however, it has been pulled. Just Fine was slated to race in the World Pool Northern Dancer Handicap but was not declared. The Queen has been very successful in her years of entering horses with more than 1,800 winners. Her horses don purple, gold and red silks and in 35 years have won more than £8 million in prize money. The Queen once said of horse racing: “My philosophy about racing is simple, I enjoy breeding a horse that is faster than other people’s."