Kate Garraway was one of several national treasures who joined the Time of Our Lives parade during Sunday’s Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Pageant. The spectacle paid tribute to historic moments in British culture over the past seven decades. However, speaking about the occasion on Good Morning Britain, Kate admitted she lost her shoe during the celebrations. She explained: “We were told to wear sensible shoes because there was a lot of walking. “But there was a moment when we first arrived which by the way can I just say a personal moment of jubilation for me because there was a big sign that said National Treasures and we got to walk through it. “We all gathered together and Sir Cliff Richard was there and I thought, ‘I’ve got my old trainers on, I’m embarrassed.'” “So you chucked one away,” Susanna quipped. Read more: Kate Garraway praises sense of hope from Jubilee Kate continued: “I changed and then dropped it.” The GMB presenter and Arlene Phillips spoke to hosts Richard Madeley and Susanna Reid. Discussing the historic moment, Kate said: “There was a lot of people waving and just saying ‘hello’. “There was amazing feeling of party ad we were very lucky Arlene and I to be part of the official Buckingham Palace one. “But I feel there was that sense of, if you were watching at home or having your own street party that it’s just a wonderful thing. This a piece of history.” Kate and Arlene were just two of the celebrities leading the star-studded pageant. Kate Moss, Patsy Kensit, Sir Cliff and Naomi Campbell were seen waving to fans from open-top buses, with each one representing a decade of the Queen’s reign. Sir Cliff joined Bonnie Langford, Gloria Hunniford and other stars celebrating the 1950s. DON'T MISSLevin blasts Meghan and Harry's Jubilee stint 'Help Netflix career' [INSIGHT]Katherine Jenkins was left in tears by the Queen gesture [VIDEO]Adil Ray explodes at Levin in Sussexes defence ‘What about Andrew!’  [INTERVIEW] The Platinum Jubilee concert held on Saturday night saw stars of stage and screen perform to honour the Queen. Duran Duran and Queen were just some of the acts who played while Diana Ross closed the concert. Sir Cliff, who performed at the Queen’s Diamond Jubilee in 2012 was not one of the acts on stage. He admitted to Sky News he was disappointed not to have been invited to perform. Sir Cliff said: “And you did that in 2012, I remember that very well, at the Diamond Jubilee. Do you remember that moment? “I do yes, it was terrific. The one thing I will say now, is the show that I saw last night was probably the best produced show ever done for the Queen. “They must have spent millions on the lighting and it was just fantastic and I found myself slightly envious that I hadn't been invited to sing because I would have loved just one picture in front of the palace lit like that.” Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.