Everton's capture of Burnley defender James Tarkowski is 'done', according to reports, with the star set to leave Turf Moor in the coming weeks. However, the deal will not formally be announced until his current contract runs out at the end of the month. Tarkowski has impressed at Burnley over the years, becoming an England international and marshalling a typically defensive Clarets outfit to survival several times. He was unable to do so again this season however, with relegation becoming a harsh reality on the final day of the season with defeat to Newcastle confirming the club's worst fears. Everton have since swooped in to sign Tarkowski due to his Burnley contract expiring at the end of June, with a medical passed and personal teams reportedly agreed with the defender. But despite everything being agreed in principle, Tarkowski won't be announced as the latest addition to Frank Lampard's side until his contract comes to an end say the Liverpool Echo. Burnley have already announced that the centre-half will leave on a free transfer in the summer after releasing their retained list last week. Relegation or not, it was expected that Tarkowski would move on to a team of a higher reputation after being snubbed by England manager Gareth Southgate in recent years despite strong performances. Despite impressing under Sean Dyche in recent years, the 29-year-old was overlooked in favour of Tyrone Mings and Conor Coady as England's back-up centre-backs. And Oldham-born Tarkowski will be hoping that a move to Goodison Park will bring about a return to the Three Lions squad that he last competed in way back in 2017. Lampard - who was reportedly a fan of Tarkowski in his time at Chelsea - is looking to shore up a defence that was leaky last season. Yerry Mina's injury woes are a huge issue for the Everton boss, and Tarkowski's Premier League experience alongside his free agent status made a move a no brainer for Lampard. The defender announced his departure from Turf Moor on Instagram upon the release of Burnley's retained list. "An incredible 6 1/2 years comes to an end. I’ve loved every minute of playing for this fantastic football club," Tarkowski said last week. "So grateful for the opportunity I was given to join and live my dream of playing in the Premier League. Going to miss all the brothers I’ve gained over the years, what a pleasure it has been. "I hope to see this club back where it belongs in the near future. I’ll be back at Turf Moor cheering on the Clarets at every opportunity I get. Thanks for everything." Everton have also been linked with moves for Matheus Nunes and Rodrigo Becao, although forward Richarlison has been linked with a move to Tottenham.