Ukraine is often called the breadbasket of Europe because it is one of the world’s biggest grain exporters. With its ports blocked by Russian ships, millions of tonnes of grain is not being shipped around the world and there are fears there could soon be food shortages in countries which rely on it. The Kremlin denies accusations of stealing Ukrainian grain and said Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky is to blame. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov was in Turkey on Wednesday when a Ukrainian journalist confronted him over the matter. Muslim Umerov asked Mr Lavrov what goods Russia was stealing from Ukraine and where they were being sold. Russia's Foreign Minister smiled and said: “We are not obstructing the grain. In order for it to leave the ports, Mr Zelensky must give the order, that’s all.” READ MORE: Ukraine wipes out THREE Russian ammunition depots in 24 hours Turkey, a NATO member, is working with Russia on joint efforts to find a solution to Ukraine’s blockaded ports. It has been a mediator between Kyiv and Moscow during the war, hosting officials from both countries in March’s failed peace talks. But Ukraine said it won’t de-mine the Black Sea around the port city of Odesa due to the threat of being attacked by Russian ships. Vasyl Bodnar, Ukraine’s ambassador to Turkey, said Russia is taking the grain from occupied Crimea and being sold for profit. Interfax reported on Wednesday Ukrainian grain is being shipped by Russia to the Middle East. It cites an interview with Yevgeny Balitsky, the interim military-civilian administration of occupied Zaporizhzhya, given to the Rossiya 24 television channel. Mr Balitsky said: “We are sending grain through Russia, and primary contracts are signed with Turkey. The first trains have departed through Crimea for the Middle East.” DON'T MISS:'F**k off!' Tory MP erupts at unrepentant anti-Brexit campaigner [REACTION]Boris Johnson in brutal swipe at Macron's Ukraine compromise plea [INSIGHT]Brexit POLL: Has Boris Johnson ‘got Brexit done’? [POLL] The United States also believes Russia is stealing Ukraine’s grain and selling it for profit. Secretary of State Antony Blinken explained at a conference on food security that Russia is exploiting the resources in occupied Ukrainian territory. He said: “There are credible reports… that Russia is pilfering Ukraine’s grain exports to sell for its own profit.” The UK is calling for an investigation into the issue to be carried out immediately. There have also been pictures shared by Maxar Technologies appearing to show Ukrainian grain being loaded onto Russian ships in Crimea. The United Nations is attempting to negotiate a deal with Ukraine and Russia to allow the grain to be exported from blockaded ports. Russia is asking for financial sanctions to be lifted as part of the deal. Unless the problem is solved soon, the crisis could have a huge impact on some of the world’s poorest countries which rely on Ukrainian grain. In Africa, 44 percent of imported wheat between 2018 and 2020 came from Russia and Ukraine according to UN data. This amounts to around $1.4 billion from Ukraine. Senegal’s President Macky Sall, who is Chairman of the African Union, told journalists that countries in the continent find themselves in a tricky situation. Sanctions against Russia and Ukraine’s blockaded ports are causing African countries to get hold of fewer food supplies. He said: “The fact that this crisis brought the cessation of exports from Ukraine, but also from Russia because of sanctions, we have found ourselves in between these two. “It’s of absolute necessity that they (Western governments) help to facilitate the export of Ukrainian grains, but also that Russia is able to export fertilisers, food products, but mainly cereals.”