AS Roma manager Jose Mourinho has emerged as a shock candidate to replace Mauricio Pochettino at Paris Saint-Germain next season. PSG are understood to be 'seriously considering' replacing Pochettino with the former Champions League winner as part of a major backroom shake-up. According to talkSPORT, the Ligue 1 champions have identified Mourinho as a prime candidate to become their next manager ahead of Pochettino's inevitable dismissal. Changes in the dugout are expected as part of a major revamp behind the scenes in line with Kylian Mbappe's groundbreaking new contract. Last month, Mbappe snubbed Real Madrid to become the best-paid player in football history on a three-year deal. As part of his agreement with PSG, the 23-year-old was handed incredible incentives, including the right to have a say in all football decisions the club makes. He was supposedly a driving force behind Leonardo's exit as sporting director after endorsing incoming replacement Luis Campos. And Mbappe is understood to have also contributed to Nasser Al Khelaifi's decision to sack Pochettino after another disappointing Champions League campaign. JUST IN: Man Utd urged to close out De Jong deal as Van Gaal makes claim  Campos is still close with Mourinho after they worked together at Real Madrid, and the former's Parc des Princes arrival has seemingly reignited past links with the Portuguese coach. PSG believe the former Chelsea, Manchester United and Tottenham Hotspur boss will bolster their chances of a long-desired Champions League title. Mourinho is the first manager in history to lift all three European honours - the Champions League, Europa League, and most recently, the newly-introduced Europa Conference League with Roma just weeks ago. He has won all five of his European finals as a manager, and Campos' initial role of identifying PSG's new manager has put him in pole position. Mourinho is an extremely popular figure at Roma after guiding the Serie A giants to their first trophy in 14 years. And while his desire to join Campos at PSG is currently unknown, the opportunity to potentially add another Champions League medal to his collection could be too enticing to turn down. Pochettino's sacking appears harsh after he lifted his first Ligue 1 title with the club by a comfortable margin last season. However, it's a brutal indicator that the Champions League is by far PSG's priority, given the sheer financial backing their Qatari ownership has injected since taking over. If Mourinho is chosen as the Argentine's successor, it would be the second time he's been replaced by him in a few years after his Tottenham exit. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.