There is a limit to diversity: are you going to say that all shows, whether in theatres, festivals or nightclubs, have got to have a diverse audience? The people who live in Great Britain are of varying colours, beliefs and backgrounds: we will decide where we want to go and some of us may not fancy Glastonbury. I don't and I can't imagine what attracts people to go and spend a few days in mud. It may be that the performers don't always reflect that diversity. Even Glasto organiser Emily Eavis said recently that having grime star Stormzy as the first solo black headliner in 2019 was "a little bit late, maybe". But if you want to go to any music festival it's up to you - whatever your skin colour. Even bald people like me occasionally go to festivals. I went to one in Maidstone the other day and it was great. I was on a train heading to London for my monthly consultation with my oncologist about my kidney cancer when I got talking to the ticket inspector, a lovely man. He doesn't want the rail strike this week, but the union hasn't give him much choice. He also didn't think the union negotiated very well. The rail unions need to be made to realise this behaviour is unacceptable, especially for people like me who have important medical needs and cannot get to appointments in any other way. Ops and treatments have been postponed and we have enough problems: the economy is crashing and people need to get to work. It is time for somebody to deal with the unions. If only we could summon Margaret Thatcher. As for the union leaders themselves, if you try to bring us to our knees you won't win. Why have we not left the European Court of Human Rights? It's getting in the way of running our country and stopping us from deterring illegal migrants from paying human traffickers who herd them into rubber dinghies. The majority of people would agree that human rights in the UK are among the highest in the world. But that doesn't mean we have infinite resources for people who are not here legally. The illegal migrants coming across the Channel could be put straight on a plane to Rwanda. It wouldn't take long before people stopped coming here, so these flights would soon become a limited expense. If we are determined to control our borders, we need to do something about it now. It got pretty hot last week. And before anyone starts moaning about global warming, I remember many summers in my youth when temperatures soared at this time of year. Actually, I have nothing against the greenies, but I was very amused by the argument about men having to cover up when they're out to avoid skin cancer. Some women put the opposing argument: if men can go around without their shirts on, then why can't women? It's fine to wear whatever you want on the beach, in your garden or even lying in the park. Why women's chests are so much more exciting than men's is a discussion for another time. But male or female, I don't particularly want to see those of us who may be overweight or with scars or with bodies that are not particularly attractive naked anywhere. Some people just don't seem to understand how disgusting their naked bodies may seem to other folk. So let's call a halt to public nudity - unless the person is very attractive, of course. I had my old friend Theo Paphitis of Dragons' Den, Question Time and much else, on my show last week. He came in for a 20-minute interview and stayed three hours to answer phone calls. But he's slightly changed my mind about our Prime Minister. He's concerned Boris Johnson has not got the foresight to push through changes the country needs, with the cost-of-living crisis and the economy spinning out of control. Somebody needs to make radical changes without worrying if they will make you popular - what politicians of all political shades worry about most. Theo is also concerned about a Labour/Lib Dem pact to win the next election. Perhaps what we actually need are more people like him, with a background in business, running the country. After all, Theo has headed firms from undies to homeware and stationery and been chairman of Millwall FC. At the very least, they should be asked to be government advisers. In the wake of Brexit and the ludicrous rules we still have to operate under, they could be a breath of fresh air. A pensioner motorist has been hit with penalties of £1,887 after being videoed in Wales last year passing too close to a cyclist while overtaking. What's going on? When a cyclist cuts you up on the inside about three inches from your car are you still liable? Let's face it, most cyclists are a nightmare on the roads. Bicycles are from a bygone era, which is where they should be kept, but if people insist on riding an outdated mode of transport, they should at least have a number that is recognisable to the police and CCTV cameras. And they should also carry insurance - as should riders of (mostly still illegal) electric scooters. Better still, ban them for good and enforce it. But if, as it now seems, most metropolitan mayors want to bring their cities to a standstill, you guys carry on as you are. The head teacher at Burgess Hill Girls' School in West Sussex is removing the term "girls" and "daughters" and calling her students "pupils". Just what is going on? It is a private single-sex school. But she is using gender-neutral language. The head, Liz Laybourn, says that in the past "you would never have had the gender options we talk about today" and that "teachers have a duty to listen to the beliefs of youngsters" and "wanting to transition genders will not be a passing fad". But though I have the greatest respect for people who feel they are in the wrong body, the transgender issue affects a minority of people. Yet it seems, in cases like this, to be being given far too much attention.