This week, Coronation Street's Maria (paid by Samia Longchambon) will face the dark side of social media and online trolls as her political campaign receives some negative attention. When a rap video surfaces of her latest campaign, she is worried about her image and how it will affect her recycling plans and ends up shouting at Max Turner (Paddy Bever). Max is known to have a bad temper, and viewers have seen the lengths he will go to when he wants. How far will Max go to prove to Maria not to mess with him? Express.co.uk heard from Samia to learn more. During tonight's episode of the ITV soap, Maria attempts to move on from the rap video that was made about her online. As she turns up to work, Max teases her about the clip and the fact that the bin men have gone on strike due to her campaign. After turning up to work and being informed her first job had been cancelled, Max then adds to her stress and makes a joke about the bin men going on strike. She snaps at the teen but is soon informed by David Platt (Jack P Shepherd) that it was regarding something they had been talking about beforehand. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun fans slam pair for rejecting 'dream' Danni find Maria apologises to Max, but he isn't impressed with how he has been spoken to before storming out of the shop to school. Will Max get his revenge on Maria after being humiliated in front of his dad? Dealing with the video and the strike, Max is the last thing Maria needs, which could see her keep her distance from the troubled teen. Maria actress Samia recently spoke to Express.co.uk and other press about the altercation with Max and teases a grudge being held on his end. She explained: "I think it makes them a bit paranoid that everybody's just laughing at her, and that's why she thought Max was laughing at her. "She does snap at him, but she apologises, but we're not sure if Max is gonna hold a grudge with that one." Could Max be cooking up a plan to destroy Maria's political future even further? When speaking on how the week's events are going to affect Maria, Samia added: "I think it knocks confidence massively. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street fans 'work out' Sonya's identity in Nicky DNA twist [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Toyah Battersby heartbroken as Spider return [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Audrey Roberts to face deadly exit  [MORE] "Her heart is in the right place with it all going back from last year and why she initially went into being a counsellor and everything. "So it does, it does knock her confidence, and she sort of feels like everybody's just laughing at her, really. "And then kind of why is she trying to fight this fight if people aren't taking it seriously?" Tonight, Maria is also set to find out her son Liam Connor (Charlie Wrenshall) has seen a deepfake video which was made of her and gets into a fight in school. Gary Windass (Mikey North) and Maria are shaken by how alike the person in the video is to Maria and begin to question whether she should continue her campaign. However, not wanting to let the trolls get to her, she decides to go ahead with her press conference to explain her recycling plans. Things turn from bad to worse after Gary gets into an altercation with one of the refuse workers and accuses him of making the deep fake video of Maria. Will this be the end of her political journey as she begins to rethink her priorities? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.