Toyah (played by Georgia Taylor) couldn't believe the love of her life, Imran (Charlie De Melo), was killed as a result of a car crash they were both involved in earlier this week on Coronation Street. The character spent most of the episode worrying about whether she would get to see Alfie again, knowing full well Abi Franklin (Sally Carman) could regain custody of her son. However, it seems she should have spent more time worrying about her own future as the police turned up at the end of the latest instalment of the ITV soap to interrogate her as they believe she could have something to do with the tragedy. Since waking up in the hospital, Toyah has had a very sparse memory about what happened in the lead up to and subsequent drama after the car crash. Originally, she directed the police in Abi and Kevin Webster's (Michael Le Vell) direction as she thought they could have tampered with the breaks on the car. Both characters were arrested and questioned by the authorities but when the analysis came back from forensics, they were let go as there was nothing wrong with the vehicle. This led the detectives to investigate a new angle, being the possibility Toyah could have had something to do with the crash. They believed she discovered the truth about how her husband had set Abi up before the crash, meaning she had the motive to want to kill him. READ MORE: Vera's Aiden Healy confirms 'break' from series The detective turned up to interview Toyah as she was asked to remember what happened, she told them: "Sorry, my mind keeps drifting." Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) was trying to avoid her sister being blamed for Imran's death, telling the officer: "She's not up to this." "And yet, against medical advice, she is discharging herself," the detective replied, with Leanne adding: "To rest at home, yes." "Look, I have already told that other police officer everything I can remember," Toyah said as she finally spoke up for herself. However, the detective wasn't giving up as she added: "Yes, I am aware of that but I would just like to ask how you and Imran were before the accident." "Do you remember talking with Imran before the accident?" the police officer asked, with Toyah acknowledging they did speak. "Can you remember what you were talking about?" the detective asked, with the injured character confirming she couldn't. "Nothing important? Nothing major?" the detective continued as she tried to continue with this line of inquiry, with Toyah as the guilty party. Having had enough, an angry Leanne asked: "Where are you going with this?" The police officer seemed to ignore Leanne as she proceeded to ask: "Were you arguing at the time of the accident? Fighting? Rowing?" DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Harriet Bibby on 'important' storyline [COMMENT]Corrie star Adam Rickitt's wife Katy bids farewell to ITV colleague [COMMENT]Corrie's Simon Gregson reacts to 'awful' acting claim [COMMENT] "She has just said she can't remember," Leanne exclaimed, with the officer applying the pressure as she added: "You and Imran were arguing before the accident, weren't you?" "No," Toyah finally said, with Leanne still on the defensive as she asked: "Arguing about what?" "We have information to suggest you might have been fighting are you were driving," the detective explained to the injured character. "Well, you're wrong," Toyah remarked, feeling quite irate that she was being blamed for a death she didn't seemingly cause. "What's this got to do with the accident?" Leanne asked, with the detective proceeding to say why Toyah was being questioned. "The breaks on the car were working fine. You were speeding along and you made no attempt to apply the breaks, leading to the death of Mr Habeeb," the detective confirmed. Just before the credits rolled, Toyah looked apprehensive, knowing full well her future as a free woman could be in jeopardy. In the coming weeks, it is likely the police will continue their investigations and Toyah will be their prime suspect. If they and the courts believe she is guilty of causing Imran's death, she could be sentenced to time in prison for her actions. This would lead to Toyah's exit from the show as it is likely she would be looking at a fair few years living behind bars. The actress who plays Toyah, Georgia, has recently spoken about wanting her character to change and being behind Imran's death would certainly change her direction. Speaking on ITV's Lorraine, the soap star said: "I feel there have been times recently when she's potentially been a little bit of a pushover. "And I've been reading the scripts going, 'Oh come on! Bring a bit of that Battersby backbone back.' "However, I do understand that she's had a rough few years, and this longing to be a mother has kind of overtaken everything else and potentially that sometimes clouds her judgement a bit. "So I think that's impacted on a lot of the decisions she's made," she added but will she be leaving the show very soon? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.