For sunseekers who love nothing more than a blazing hot day, it looks like temperatures will soar to 30C or just below across three days in the first week of the month. Senior meteorologist at British Weather Services, Jim Dale, told Express.co.uk the end of June will feel somewhat colder than it has earlier in the month. But by the weekend things will start to change, and the mercury will begin to heat up in anticipation of a sizzling week ahead. Mr Dale said: “The situation will be improving on Sunday (July 3) and warming up again into the following week with high temperatures of 30C in south east England based on current trends.”  WX Charts, an interactive weather forecasting map, shows exactly how hot the country will get over the next fortnight. It marks two days where 30C highs will be reached and several days where the humidity will still see temperatures sitting in the high 20s. As Mr Dale said, it shows Sunday, July 3 looking far more pleasant, with 25C predicted throughout the day. By Monday, July 4 the south east will see a slight increase to 27C and by Wednesday, July 6 it will reach 29C in central London, Sussex and Kent, dropping to 28C in Hertfordshire, Essex and Cambridgeshire.  It will be Thursday, July 7 when temperatures first peak at 30C inland, with 29C predicted for Essex and 27C highs in the Midlands and Manchester. In Essex, Kent and Sussex, 30C highs will stick around into Friday, July 8 too. When it comes to the second weekend of July, temperatures will start to slowly decline with 28C and 26C temperatures being the hottest for the country. But this slight cooling off period will come to an abrupt end as temperatures are set to hit 29C to 30C again on Tuesday, July 12.  READ MORE: BBC Weather: Carol Kirkwood forecasts 'heavy persistent' rain The Met Office’s long range forecast for the south east says temperatures are expected to sit slightly below normal in the north during the first 10 days of the month. But they will be above normal in the south. The long range forecast for the remainder of the month added: “There is a good chance of more settled conditions prevailing through the middle and later parts of July, although some northern areas may see spells of rain or showers at times, especially early in the period. “These spells could extend across the country at times, but in general the south will see the best of the settled conditions.  DON'T MISS:When will Remoaners admit that Brexit is working? asks CAROLE MALONE [COMMENT]Brexit revenge! EU punishes British scientists who refused to quit UK [REACTION]Brexit border tech fix hailed by Irish firm - 'Surprised was dismissed!' [INSIGHT] “Temperatures are likely to be close to or a little above average initially but trending towards widely warm conditions later, especially across the south. The frequency of high temperatures could see the country’s first proper heatwave recorded this summer. It takes high temperatures, usually in the late 20s, to stick around for three days or more for the Met Office to officially class it as a heatwave. Earlier this month, a heat spike saw temperatures top 32.7C for a day - which meant that it could not be classified as an official heatwave. 