Brigitte Macron was seen with her husband, French President Emmanuel Macron, last week as the two attended the G7 summit in Germany. Brigitte arrived at the summit’s welcoming ceremony wearing a stylish all-beige ensemble. She also donned a sporty outfit to go Nordic walking with the other partners of the G7 leaders. Wearing a pair of slim, sporty-looking jeans, a blouse, and a pair of white trainers, Brigitte looked as if she was no stranger to a little hiking. The French First Lady has a healthy lifestyle and it is thanks to her diet and fitness regime that she is so slim. What is her diet like? According to Guillaume Gomez, former head chef at the Elysée, Emmanuel and Brigitte are very traditional when it comes to food. READ MORE: Fitness: How to 'increase fat burning' in a heatwave - expert advice They usually asked Guillaume to serve them French country cooking, such as fruit and vegetables produced from less than 100km from Paris, as well as herbs from the Elysée’s gardens. He cooked the couple’s meals using copper saucepans that had been in the kitchen when Napoleon was France’s leader, in the early 1800s. Cordon bleu was one dish he cooked often, which is said to be one of the President’s favourite dishes. Guillaume also revealed that Brigitte asks for 10 fruit and vegetables a day for herself, and “no junk food” for her husband. DON'T MISS: 5p hack to remove stubborn stains from clothes in 10mins - no washing [EXCLUSIVE]Food storage hack: How to keep celery crunchy for 4 weeks [GUIDE]Cornwall Airbnb superhost says people snubbing holiday lets [COMMENT] Dietician Paul Mee shared what she believes are the other foods Brigitte eats and avoids. “I doubt she is eating lots of refined carbs and processed food,” she told the Independent. “The French are particularly good at portion control. “They are renowned for eating slowly and modestly, and they’re very respectful of food and courses. READ MORE: Woman lost incredible 16 stone after being 'treated like an animal' “It’s likely she is eating lots of salad, then lean protein like fish.” With the quantity of fruit, veg, and fish Brigitte seems to be consuming, it appears that she follows the Mediterranean diet, which consists of these ingredients. According to top nutrition expert Dr Michael Mosley, the Mediterranean diet is “one of the healthiest diets in the world”. It also includes a lot of olive oil, wholegrains, lentils, legumes, healthy fats, potatoes, nuts, and fatty fish. Exercise is just as important as diet to stay slim and healthy. Personal trainer Pat Henry suggested Brigitte’s slender frame is thanks to a combination of Pilates and symmetrical exercises. “She doesn't use heavy weights as they could bulk up the bum or legs,” he explained. “Doing 15-20 reps of light weights helps to tone. Pilates was originally designed for dancers to elongate their muscles. “Pilates on its own won’t tone, but will definitely give long, lean muscles.” Brigitte shows off her slim legs often – she isn’t afraid to don short skirts no matter what her age. Speaking about the French First Lady to L’Express in 2017, art director Delphine de Canecaude called her a “mega wonderwoman”. She added: “She’s rock’n’roll. Not for a second does she say, ‘I’m 64, so I cannot wear short skirts’. Twelve-inch heels, sleeveless dresses, leather trousers, she dares to wear everything.”