Nick Kyrgios has slammed Bernard Tomic while suggesting he may get in the ring with his fellow tennis star in the future. The two Australians haven't always seen eye to eye and they engaged in a bitter war of words on social media earlier this week.  After being labelled by the world number 76 as 'the most hated athlete in Australia', the 29-year-old made a proposal to the Australian Open doubles champion. "At the end of the day, talk is cheap," Tomic told the Sydney Morning Herald. "I'm ready to make it 2-0 whenever you want. Put your money where your mouth is. Let the public decide who is better. I'll beat you anywhere, any place. If not, shut your mouth and go back to playing doubles." The 29-year-old then changed the arena of their battle to the boxing ring, demanding that they 'sort this out as men'. Kyrgios put the boxing match challenge on the backburner before proceeding to slam Tomic further. "He's not very good anymore, he's not relevant anymore, and he's obviously got money issues,” Kyrgios told the Courier Mail. JUST IN: 'End gun violence' - Coco Gauff signs camera lens pleading for peace after French Open win “For someone who actually tried to stand up for him before and tried to help him out, like my family's helped him out before, I paid for his flights back home from Shanghai because he had no money. So for him to come out and attack is extremely disrespectful I think. When he's challenging me for boxing matches - like first of all, I don't know who's going to put up $1 million for him because he's dead broke. “Second of all, I have bigger fish to fry at the moment. I'm trying to get ready for Wimbledon. US Open. I've got off court contracts, tournaments still pay me to show up. And I don't think that's happening for him at the moment. But maybe one day, I would love to challenge him in there. I feel like I've got him on fitness.” Kyrgios, who lost his only meeting with Tomic at the Kooyong classic 6-3 6-4 in 2019, initially told the former world number 17 they can settle their score on the ATP tour. Now the big serving Aussie is happy to settle their differences over a hot drink and claims he feels sorry for the 2011 Wimbledon quarter-finalist. “He's got a lot of struggles right now, and I feel for him. He's someone that had an extremely brutal upbringing and there's no denying that. But I feel like he lives in the past now, it's time to take ownership of your life, show some accountability," he added. “I know he's got the inspiration from Jake Paul, but that's not him. If someone calls me out, I will obviously respond. But at the same time, I know that he's got some deep-rooted issues and I feel sorry for him. “We can literally talk it out of a coffee, I'm not afraid of feelings, figuring stuff out and having a man-to-man conversation. But intellectually, he's probably not the most switched on bloke.” 