Silverstone bosses are suing the contractors who relaid the famous Formula 1 track for £8 million, after seven-time world champion Lewis Hamilton labelled the work the ‘worst job ever’. The circuit - which hosts the British Grand Prix - was re-done in 2018 at a cost of £2 million. The work has since been slammed, with contractors Aggregate Industries accused of leaving it bumpy, easily waterlogged and ‘breaking up’ in some parts of the track. In the year after the re-lay the circuit was slammed after five crashes during the 2018 British MotoGP. As a result, Spanish star Tito Rabat was one of the five drivers involved, brutally breaking his leg in three places whilst out competing on the wet circuit in qualifying four years ago. The injury-ridden race led to the FIM - motorcycling’s governing body - revoking Silverstone’s licence, also casting doubt on the track’s Formula 1 future. After losing the licence the famed track has reportedly lost £3.5 million in earnings, according to court papers. Following the initial job, Silverstone chiefs were then forced to have the track relaid once more ahead of the 2019 British Grand Prix. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton responds to FIA president after Mercedes star criticised over activism  According to the court writ, the British track brought in Tarmac Trading Ltd to re-do the job which set Silverstone back a further £3.7million. The track chiefs are suining Aggregate Industries for the cancelled MotoGP, the second resurfacing and for loss of profits. The total tallies in an eye-watering £7,933,124 including legal costs. The 2022 Formula 1 Grand Prix at Silverstone is now less than a month away, and Mercedes man Hamilton is hoping the problems endured with his car throughout the 2022 campaign are fixed for his homecoming race. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton and George Russell disagree about Mercedes' chances at Azerbaijan GPLewis Hamilton named honorary citizen of Brazil after vote for Mercedes star approvedLewis Hamilton offered Mercedes hope after star's British Grand Prix demand to team   The Englishman said: “Every race is an opportunity for us to test something new, so we have something every weekend. It doesn’t always work, and the bumps still cause us a bit of havoc. But I mean, Silverstone is a while away. Was it, two more races away? So I’m really, really hoping and praying by then at least we’ve got it under control, but I really don’t know whether we will or not. I’m hopeful.” 