Royal author Norman Baker has slammed the cost of the monarchy and singled out Prince Charles and Camilla over the couple's travel spending. The Royal Family's spending has come into sharp focus after accounts for 2020-2021 were made public, sparking a debate over whether the British monarchy offers "value for money" to taxpayers. "£100 million spent on the Royal Family for the first time ever," noted Sky News's Kay Burley. She continued: "Many will say that they are still very good value for money. What would you say? Mr Baker replied: "Well, it's actually far more than £100 million because you have to add in the 200 million of the security, often minor royals no one's ever heard of. "You have to add in the tax breaks which are only available to the Royal Family, such as Prince Charles claiming his private estate as he calls it is exempt from corporation tax and exemption from inheritance tax.   "Add all those matters up and you can come to a huge amount of money and you also compare it with other European monarchies, which is a fair thing to do, you know the Swedish monarchy, the Spanish monarchy is coming up between about five and 10 million pounds a year." He continued: "As indeed did ours, go back to 2011 and the civil list was 7.9 million only for the Royal Family. "We now have £83.6 million a year, and of course, as you correctly identify well even more than that's been spent this year from the reserve. "The reserves of course also come from the public purse" The royal author added: "You look at some of the waste that takes place, you reported some n your in your report today on Sky but you know one of the items on the travel budget I noticed last night was £16,000 pounds for a flight a private flight to the charter jet from Glasgow to London for Charles and Camilla. "I mean, why can't they take the train!" Royal accounts have also shown the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's flights for their controversial Caribbean tour cost the taxpayer more than £226,000. The total travel bill for the monarchy's official duties, funded by the taxpayer through the Sovereign Grant, came to £4.5 million in 2021-2022. The amount rose by £1.3 million - or around 41% - from the previous financial year as the royals once again began to embark on overseas tours amid the lifting of Covid restrictions. The Prince of Wales's charter flight to Barbados to mark the country's transition to a republic, and his staff's scheduled air travel for the event, came to more than £138,000. William and Kate's trip in March to Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas, during which the couple were heavily criticised for images that smacked of "colonialism", saw the pair travel by charter jet, and their staff by scheduled flights for a planning trip, at a cost of £226,383. It was the most expensive official royal tour of 2021-22. 