Harry Kane scored an 88th-minute penalty which he won himself to rescue a draw for England against Germany. The hosts went ahead five minutes after half-time through a Jonas Hofmann strike. Express Sport reporter Matthew Dunn takes a look at how each England player fared in Munich... ENGLAND (4-2-3-1) PICKFORD 5 Having dealt level-headedly with an awkward night’s work he pushes one into his own net. The despair! WALKER 6 May not have offered anything going forward, but it is so reassuring having him on that right side. STONES 5 Struggled with the mobility of Germany’s attacking play and was beaten all ends up for the Germany goal. MAGUIRE 4 The summer cannot come soon enough for him to recharge his batteries. Just looks clumsy and out of sorts. TRIPPIER 6 Another of those that Southgate will turn to against the best teams - the problems were in the middle.  PHILLIPS 5 Unlucky to get caught accidentally by Nico Schlotterbeck’s knee in the thigh early and could not continue. RICE 7 There were sublime moments with clever passes and times when he got himself boxed in. Still learning fast SAKA 7 Produced a strong save from Neuer and flashed one just wide - he continues to enjoy international football. MOUNT 6 Worked really hard to unsettle the German defence but in possession things did not seem to come off. STERLING 6 Obviously had hamstring issues but there were moments of world class and we just need more of them   KANE 6 Missed a glaring chance at the far post in the first half and seemed to be lacking a tiny bit of spark until he won and converted the late penalty.  SUBS: BELLINGHAM 6 (for Phillips 14) GREALISH 6 (for Mount 72) BOWEN (for Saka 80) GERMANY (3–4-2-1): Neuer 7; Schlotterbeck 6, Rudiger 7, Klostermann 6; Hofmann 8 (Gnabry 65), Kimmich 6, Gundogan 8  (Sane 83), Raum 6; Muller 7 (Goretzka 76), Musiala 7 (Werner 65); Havertz 7. Subs: Stach, Kehrer, Nmecha, Trapp, Sule, Henrichs, Brandt, Baumann. MAN OF THE MATCH: Jonas Hofmann - always a threat REFEREE: Carlos Del Cerro Grande (ESP) 