Well, not the actual episode (though SW’s plots have gone a bit wonky of late, do you not agree? Always far-fetched, now far-flung). No, I am talking about the continuity announcement before the opening titles rolled. I quote it here verbatim. “Now, Silent Witness. Some strong language, some violent scenes, and some scenes that viewers may find upsetting from the start.” Well, that certainly provoked some strong language from me. Here is the gist of what I bellowed (expletives deleted).  “FOR ****’S SAKE, IT’S SILENT WITNESS! IT’S SET IN A ******* PATH LAB, FOR GOD’S SAKE! IT’S USUALLY GOT AT LEAST THREE MURDERS FOLLOWED BY GORY POST-MORTEMS! CUT-UP CADAVERS LEFT, RIGHT AND CENTRE! BLOOD, BONE AND GRISTLE! AND YES, PEOPLE SWEAR – IT’S POST-WATERSHED!” And so on. We viewers settling down to watch Emilia Fox wield her scalpel with intent do not think we are about to see an episode of The Woodentops. Why must we be infantilised, patronised and treated as if, basically, we are a bit thick? It is all part of the modish “trigger warning” culture, of course. It started a couple of years ago and now it is running out of control. For example, trigger warnings are now all over TV news like a rash – particularly BBC news, for some reason. An aunty-ish decree, I suppose.  On-the-spot reports from a Ukraine battlefield or bombed-out block of flats now routinely carry earnest alerts from the caring newsreader that we might get upset at what we are about to see. Guys, we get it. It is a war zone. They are not known as things of beauty. TV coverage of the Vietnam War, the Falklands, even the more recent Iraq conflicts, never used to be sprinkled with these ludicrous forewarnings. Viewers were presumed to have some intelligence. Now we are treated like naïve, gormless idiots. Trigger warning of the week, though, was not on the telly. It was issued by dons at the University of East Anglia, worried that English students would find studying the legend of St George and the Dragon “upsetting and offensive.” Undergraduates have been told: “This literary text tells the story of St George and his martyrdom and contains descriptions of torture and violence leading to his death. It also contains instances of discriminatory language, particularly with reference to ethnicity and religion. “If you have any concerns about any of the content… please feel free to discuss with your seminar tutor.” As my Daily Express colleague, former MP Ann Widdecombe, pithily put it: “Quite honestly, if students do not know that in medieval times they were quite violent and had very different attitudes towards race, then they are not fit to be at university.” Quite. But it is the very idea that a young, supposedly intelligent adult could actually be upset by reading The Legend Of St George (a poem written by 15th-century monk and poet John Lydgate) that makes me so depressed. Never mind snowflakes. Such students are more like damp patches.  I honestly do not know what I think about plans to electronically tag some refugees as soon as they arrive in this country. Is this really how we want to welcome asylum seekers? Some of those landing aboard small boats from France or tumbling out of the backs of lorries will be ankle-tagged under a 12-month pilot scheme. The Home Office has said that it will examine whether electronic monitoring “can help maintain regular contact with migrants and help process their claims.” Yeah, right. It is the last part of the official statement that rings true to me, referring to “collecting data on how many people abscond from immigration bail.”  That is what this is really about – tracking down the runaways who do not think that they are going to be granted asylum, so they do a bunk and disappear into the crowd. And I get that we need to find these people, they could be dangerous. But many will not be, and effectively criminalising them before they have even had a chance to make their case leaves a nasty taste in my mouth. It feels un-British, somehow; presuming guilt before innocence. Is that not precisely the kind of thing they are fleeing from?  Naomie Harris, Miss Moneypenny to Daniel Craig’s 007, currently stars in The Man Who Fell To Earth (originally the David Bowie movie) on Paramount Plus. Naomie joined us on Good Morning Britain this week and said that before breaking into films, she was a fashion designer. She was brought up by her mother – Naomie never knew her father, until a few years ago when she made contact. They are now close and making up for lost time. But guess what she discovered (to her utter astonishment) her dad does for a living? He is a fashion designer. They say that the apple never falls far from the tree... 