Scotland would lose its hand over its sovereignty to the European Union if Nicola Sturgeon were to deliver on her promise of leaving the United Kingdom to then re-join the European Union, GB News’ Mark Dolan has warned. His warning comes as Nicola Sturgeon made a fresh case for independence for Scotland, as she is grappling with Boris Johnson’s resistance. Only Boris Johnson through a section 30 order of the Scotland Act can hand her the authority to hold a new independence referendum.  Speaking to GB News’ viewers, he said: "The golden promise of Scottish independence is EU membership. And I’ll give it to Nicola – not literally, family show – but I would grant her that a majority of Scots indeed voted to remain in the EU. However, the SNP wants sovereignty only to hand it over to Brussels shows how irrational and incoherent this plan is. "No control of their currency, as they would have to take the euro. Control of their borders with Schengen. No control over their courts. Plus, huge monthly payments for the privilege of membership. It all doesn’t add up. "Talk about jumping out of the frying pan into the fire. And the last time I checked, the EU isn’t great with small countries. Exhibited Greece who was skewed like a kebab, Angela Merkel and France. "What happens to democracy if Scotland leaves? With Labour support at an all-time low and with the brief Tory renaissance, you’re looking at single-party rule under Emperor Sturgeon for decades. "An independent Scotland would be poorer, more divided and, of course, more woke."  "How do you solve a problem like Nicola?", Mark Dolan asked. "There she is. Perhaps, you call her bluff. Scotland's commander-in-chief emperor Sturgeon has renewed her commitment this week to take Scotland out of the United Kingdom. "And whether it’s Alex Salmond back in the day or Nicola Sturgeon now, deep down I’m not sure these characters really believe in independence. "You certainly wouldn’t if you looked at the economic consequences. And Sturgeon is not a stupid woman. I suspect that Sturgeon and her ilk are a bit like the Anglican bishops who don’t believe in God but have to keep waving the cross to keep the congregation happy.” READ MORE: Ian Blackford facing quit calls after SNP MPs back shamed politician Scotland has failed to hold an independence referendum since 2014 due to Westminster’s refusal to allow one. Mr Dolan continued: "There is no economic, political, diplomatic, military or cultural benefits from the nation of Scotland leaving the UK. It’s a lose-lose situation. "If you thought Brexit was a bit bumpy, just get your head around how Brussels police the border between England and Scotland in the event of an independent Scotland joining the EU. "And would the EU even take Scotland given Scotland’s debt to income ratio and the message it would send to other break-away states like Catalonia in Spain?" DON'T MISS:BBC host accuses SNP of betraying its own voters for indyref2 push [REPORT]Scotland is broke - schools, NHS, drugs all going to pot under SNP [REPORT]Sturgeon's independence hopes brutally crushed [REPORT] "The case for Scottish independence raises more questions than a Gary Barlow tax return. "Firstly, which currency could Emperor Sturgeon use? The SNP glibly assumes it would be the pound. Well, the treasury will have something to say about that. "Who will defend Scotland in the unimaginable scenario of a foreign attack, particularly that Nicola wants to get rid of nukes, this tartan pacifist that she is, is committed to getting rid of tridents, exposing Scotland at a time when monsters like Putin are around paging Eastern Europe. "And when China circles a sharpened pencil around a map of Taiwan", Mr Dolan warned.