Manchester United’s deal for Christian Eriksen is far from guaranteed. As well as Erik ten Hag’s side, the likes of Leicester, Everton, Brighton and Tottenham are also keen on the Denmark international - while Brentford haven’t given up hope of keeping him. So, with this deal difficult for the Red Devils to broker, Express Sport will now take a look at four ways the Premier League giants can convince the 30-year-old into moving to Old Trafford. United, unlike rivals Tottenham, don’t have Champions League football to offer the Denmark international. That’s because they finished sixth in the Premier League table last time out, toiling under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. But United can persuade Eriksen into joining by pledging it will only be one year outside of the competition. The 30-year-old himself has admitted that while he’d like to play in the Champions League, it won’t be the deciding factor with regards to his next move. And that certainly bodes well for the Red Devils, who will be strutting their stuff in the Europa League instead. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer United will always be regarded as a successful club due to the titles won under the likes of Sir Matt Busby and Sir Alex Ferguson. But, right now, they’re a sleeping giant having failed to win a single trophy since 2017. However, while United’s plight could deter some players from joining, it could also have the opposite effect. At Old Trafford, Eriksen would be playing for arguably the biggest club in the country - and he’d have the opportunity to re-awaken a sleeping giant in the process, too. That could appeal, especially as he’d be able to grow and enhance his reputation by playing under Ten Hag in Manchester. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links United are determined to learn from the mistakes of the past. But, while that’s the case, the Red Devils still have enough money in the pot to turn the heads of the world’s best players. Eriksen would earn substantially less at Brighton, Everton and Leicester in comparison to at Old Trafford. And even Tottenham may not go as high as their rivals, with Spurs notorious for sticking to an extremely tight budget under the guidance of Daniel Levy. United can use their cash to get Eriksen in the door - but that’s only if money really matters to the playmaker. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Cristiano Ronaldo is a gargantuan figure in football, even if he’s approaching the twilight years of his career at the age of 37. And the chance to play alongside the Portugal international may potentially be too good for Eriksen to turn down. The veteran penned a touching letter to the Dane when he suffered a cardiac arrest at the European Championships last year, saying: "Our thoughts and prayers are with Christian Eriksen and his family. The world of football stands together hoping for good news. “I’m counting on finding you soon back on the pitch, Chris.” And that sort of gesture won’t be forgotten in a hurry. It could even convince Eriksen into moving to United this summer. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Alex McLeish thinks United should sign Eriksen this summer, saying: “For me, it’s a no-brainer. If they can get Christian, take him in a heartbeat. “I still feel that United are nickel and diming a little bit. With the manager, there have been some players Man United have been linked with that I think: ‘No’. “I just cannot see progress for Man United in that respect when I see some of the names linked with them. “This is what Ten Hag will find is the most difficult part of his career and life, recruitment. “If he and the recruitment guys don’t recruit the guys that can take Man United to another level then I’m sorry, it’s going to be the same old, same old. “We’ve seen it for the last five, six years, or let me go back even further, since Sir Alex (Ferguson).”