Victoria Beckham has spoken openly about her recent fashion choices and explained she is comfortable enough in her own skin to take more risks with her outfits. David Beckham's wife is attempting to get back into a miniskirt she wore at least a decade ago when she was in her 30s. The former Spice Girl doesn't appear to factor in age when it comes to fashion and shared the aim is to make it not look retro but current. The fashion powerhouse has admittedly "lived in denim for the past two years" which she regularly teams with men's shirts or scarf neck tie blouses. The singer said while she enjoys the "smart and relaxed" look she is ready for a change. The mum-of-four opened up about her new decision as she confessed to being unafraid to make more racy fashion choices. READ MORE: Naomi Campbell, 52, puts on risqué braless display in unbuttoned shirt Victoria said: “But now I’m ready to strut my stuff. I’m dying to wear minis [skirts], but how do I do that in a way that feels fresh and relevant?" The fashion designer talked through her Victoria Beckham collection and has since opted to sport miniskirts with a blazer jacket for the time being. She added: "I really like challenging myself with what I wear. I never want to play it completely safe." The former pop star issued some words of advice if people opt out of going braless. Victoria told The Telegraph: "Get some fabulous underwear and show it off.” Elsewhere, the mum-of-four recently took to social media with a photo of her son Cruz Beckham wearing a pair of her PVC plastic pants. The star asked her son if she was “cool yet” in the caption of the post. She even teased a potential menswear line for the future. DON'T MISS... Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen vows to wear 'inappropriate clothing'[LATEST]Monty Don in woeful farewell before Gardeners' World is pulled off air[TV]Kate Bush's final appearance unveiled amid Stranger Things success[ADMISSION] Victoria shared some snaps of her son proudly wearing her PVC pants. "He loves his VB pants so much he took them to the fashion steps," the designer told her followers when captioning a shot from Cruz's at-home photoshoot. Menswear?!" Victoria went on to jokingly tease. After her son gushed over her design on her Instagram page, Posh Spice went on to ask: "Does this make me cool Cruz?!?" In an earlier post, Victoria posed in a spacious bathroom wearing her skin-tight red trousers along with a figure-hugging purple jumper. She said that the plastic pants had “struck again”. “The plastic pants strike again so it called for a bathroom selfie [laughing-face emojis] #sexpants," the mum-of-four captioned the image. Cruz was among the thousands to like his mum’s photo and admire her update. He quipped: “Uno I had to cop a pair.”