Over a decade on since A Dance with Dragons was released and George RR Martin is still plugging away at the next book in A Song of Ice and Fire, The Winds of Winter. The 73-year-old admitted he made a lot of progress during the pandemic, but is still yet to deliver the novel. Now the Game of Thrones creator has shared a long-awaited update on his blog, along with news of all his recent travels, having only left his home once since January 2020. Martin titled his new post this week, “Good Stuff, Bad Stuff, Strange Stuff” and started off by writing: “So much going on everywhere, it is hard to keep up.   Some random thoughts.” Having attended the memorial service of Wild Cards writer John Miller, the A Song of Ice and Fire writer mentioned: “I wish he had written more. He had been working on a novel called BLACK TRAIN COMING even longer than I have been working on THE WINDS OF WINTER. It would be great if one of his writer friends finishes it for him.” On The Winds of Winter itself, Martin teased at the end: “WINDS, you say? Yes, still working. Finally finished a clutch of Cersei chapters that were giving me fits. Now I am wrestling with Jaime and Brienne.” By the sounds of it, the author is working through some difficult chapters and admitted: “The work proceeds, though not as fast as many of you would like. That’s all for now." He also gave an update on the upcoming Game of Thrones prequel House of the Dragon, which arrives on HBO Max and Sky in late August, and clarified it is faithful to Fire and Blood. Martin shared: “HOUSE OF THE DRAGON? Glad you asked. I’ve now watched rough cuts of nine of the ten episodes, and I continue to be impressed. I cannot speak to the SFX, many of which are not in yet, but the look of it is great, and the acting, the directing, and writing are first rate. And yes, for all you book fans, it IS my story. Sure, there are some changes from FIRE & BLOOD — we could not present three alternative versions of every major event, not and keep our sanity — but I think Ryan Condal and his writers made good choices. Even some improvements.  Heresy, I know, but being the author, I am allowed to say so).” DON'T MISSWinds of Winter progress: George RR Martin teases gigantic new book [WINDS]Winds of Winter progress: George RR Martin ‘I'm working b****y hard’ [GRRM]Winds of Winter theory: Jon Snow resurrected by Melisandre [JON SNOW] Martin added: “For years, as some of you may recall, I have been saying the TV version of Shae, as portrayed by Sibel Kekilli, was a deeper, richer, and more nuanced characters than the Shae in my novels. In a similar vein, I am vastly impressed by the show’s version of King Viserys, played by Paddy Considine, who gives the character a tragic majesty that my book Viserys never quite achieved. Kudos to Paddy, Ryan and his writers, and Miguel and the other directors. (There are a lot of great performances in HOUSE OF THE DRAGON — or HOT D, as I hear some are calling it. You may never have heard of some of our actors, but I think you will learn to love them, just as you did with the cast of GAME OF THRONES).” SOURCE