With the cost of petrol and diesel not showing any signs of slowing down, drivers across the UK have been urged to fuel their cars in certain places where the prices are likely to be the cheapest. And, with the cost of filling up an average 55-litre family car reaching over £100, vehicle owners will very likely attempt anything to save money. According to the latest RAC Fuel Watch, motorists are expected to pay 182.16p for a litre of petrol and 188.82p for a litre of diesel. If that wasn’t enough, experts are predicting that the prices will continue to rise. However, there are places where motorists can pay much less for fuel. These, most often, include supermarket forecourts. READ MORE: Petrol stations reveal the ‘shocking’ amount of money they make Research showed that not only are those petrol stations the cheapest, but drivers can also save on average 4p per litre on fuel compared to other garages. UK supermarket giants such as Asda, Tesco, Sainsbury’s and Morrisons say they are always competing to offer the best forecourt deals. However, the prices can vary drastically from region to region. Sometimes fuel can be cheaper in more rural locations. DON'T MISS Best hybrid car to go for if drivers want to save on fuel [REVEAL] Cyclist only gets a warning after jumping a red light [SHOCKING] Elderly driver has car stolen twice in 24 hours on his birthday [INSIGHT] According to the RAC, local retail dynamics play a big part in this. While big supermarket chains might offer the cheapest deals, they are also responsible for driving prices up due to the competition. However, the RAC added that while delivery costs tend not to play too large a part in the overall pump price, excessive distances from fuel terminals can also have a significant effect on prices in rural locations. Money-saving expert Martin Lewis has previously told motorists how they can find the cheapest fuel in their area. Mr Lewis explained to car owners that there are several websites that compare the prices of fuel in any given area. Writing on Twitter, the expert said: "Find the nearest cheapest petrol station near you... Petrolprices.com." All drivers need to do is enter their postcode. They can then see the nearest petrol station to their address with prices of both diesel and petrol outlined. Car owners using the website will have to sign up with their details. Signing up, however, is not required if drivers use the company’s app. Some people were sceptical about providing their details to access the information on the website. One user wrote underneath Mr Lewis’ post: "Why do I need to give my information and sign up?" The expert replied: "Because they want to build a database in return for letting you access theirs!"