Former leader William Hague, now wearing the mantle of elder statesman, urged the Prime Minister to take an “honourable exit”. History was also invoked against Johnson. The result of the ballot, critics noted eagerly, was worse for him than that for Margaret Thatcher in 1990, when she was ousted within a couple of days, for Theresa May in 2018, who lingered on for six more agonising months, and in 1995 for John Major who was subsequently defeated in Labour’s landslide. But, as so often before, Johnson refused to follow the script. Showing not the slightest indication that he was about to quit, he argued he had been given a “decisive” endorsement by his Parliamentary Party. Now he would get on with his job of delivering for Britain. The Prime Minister seemed to have been invigorated rather than shaken by the vote, as Downing Street promised a series of new policies, including NHS reform, an extension of the right to buy for housing association tenants and a crackdown on irresponsible strikes in the public services. In the same energetic spirit, he gave a powerful performance at Prime Minister’s Questions yesterday, outscoring his Labour opponent Sir Keir Starmer. Conservative MPs, who had been contemplating his demise on Monday, now cheered him loudly, while not a single resignation has materialised. Johnson now appears to be in a much stronger position than he was at the start of the week. The truth is that his detractors have indulged in wishful thinking in their desperation to see his fall. They have not only misread the situation but also made false comparisons with the past. Theresa May and John Major received proportionately more support in their respective ballots, but Johnson is far more secure in Parliament because, unlike them, he has a large Commons majority, thanks to his own dynamic campaign in the 2019 General Election. Johnson has a united Cabinet behind him, in direct contrast to Mrs Thatcher, whose own ministers turned against her after the 1990 leadership vote. Nor is there an obvious rival against Johnson, as Mrs Thatcher faced in Michael Heseltine. Johnson is further helped by the fact that there are no great ideological differences tearing apart the Conservatives today, whereas the premierships of Thatcher, Major and May were undermined by splits over Europe. The central issue this week has been the Prime Minister’s own character. But, for all his glaring flaws, like his capacity for chaos and self-destruction, his vivid personality can be a huge asset for the Tories when channelled in the right direction. No other British politician could have delivered Brexit, presided over the vaccine programme or shown such global leadership over the Ukrainian war. Indeed, President Zelensky openly expressed his delight at Johnson’s victory in the ballot. Beyond gripes about his style, the Tory rebels have no unifying theme. Drawn from all parts of the party, they are a ramshackle bunch without a leader or a programme, united only by a spasmodic, incoherent mood of discontent. Boris is further bolstered by the weakness of his Labour opponents, who still do not come across as a credible alternative Government. One opinion poll put them just four points ahead of the Tories, even after all the recent turmoil. History can provide comfort to Johnson. In 1931 Stanley Baldwin, confronted by internal dissent and a hostile press campaign, was on the verge of resignation as Tory leader, only to change his mind and fight on. He did not eventually bow out until 1937, having served a third spell as Prime Minister. The greatest of them all, Winston Churchill, survived two fraught confidence votes in the Commons during 1942 when the war was going badly. He only left Downing Street for the last time in 1955. Today, Johnson has a host of obstacles in the road ahead. They include by-elections at Wakefield and Tiverton, as well as the investigation by the Committee of Privileges into Partygate. More serious is the worrying state of the economy. But Boris has consistently proved to be both a winner and a survivor. After this week, he may do so again.