Arsenal are set to spend over £70million on their next two signings after Mikel Arteta gave the green light to two deals. Reports claim both Gabriel Jesus and Lisandro Martinez are top targets and the Gunners are looking to strike agreements as early as next week. Arsenal have made one signing so far this summer in Brazilian winger Marquinhos. USA goalkeeper Matt Turner is also set to be officially announced by the club in the coming days. Fabio Vieira will also become an Arsenal player after undergoing his medical on Friday ahead of an initial £30million move. But Arteta's business is not finished there. Manchester City striker Jesus has been a priority target since the back end of last season. Arsenal have seen a bid of around £35m turned down by City, who are holding out for closer to £50m. READ MORE: Ronaldo has ‘approved’ Man Utd signing but now the Glazers need to act  They have also had an offer rejected for Ajax defender Martinez. The Dutch side are hoping to get £30m for the Argentina international. The Mail says Arsenal will go back in for both Jesus and Martinez in the coming days and are hoping to secure deals next week. The report says Martinez is attracted by the idea of being a part of Arteta's project at the Emirates. The 24-year-old can play at either centre-back or left-back. He would likely provide cover and competition for Gabriel Magalhaes and Kieran Tierney in their respective positions. Meanwhile, Jesus would likely become the first-choice striker if he were to complete a move. Alexandre Lacazette left the club at the end of his contract and rejoined Lyon. DON'T MISSLionel Messi 'impressed' by Man Utd youngster who Erik ten Hag is ready to give big roleChelsea plot Barcelona revenge as Blues eye exciting talent 'ready to quit club'Tottenham in 'pole position' to solve first of two final Conte transfer wishes  Eddie Nketiah has ended speculation over his future by signing a new long-term contract. But he would likely remain as second-choice forward behind Jesus. Nketiah will wear the No 14 shirt from next season and technical director Edu was delighted to get a deal over the line. He said: “The foundations of this squad are built on young talent and in particular those who have come through our Academy system. "Eddie was released by another club as a young man but has always shown he has the attitude as well as the ability to become a top player. The fact he’s signed a new contract is an important part of our squad planning for next season and we’re all delighted.”  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here