Emma Raducanu has explained that she suffered a "freak" injury that forced her to retire just 33 minutes into her Nottingham Open first-round match against Viktorija Golubic. The British No 1 is now in doubt for Wimbledon which is just three weeks away, and couldn't confirm whether or not she would recover in time for her home Grand Slam tournament. Raducanu has revealed that she suffered a "freak" injury as early as the very first game of her Rothesay Open match against Golubic, which ultimately led to her retirement. The world No 11 said she started feeling pain "on the side of my body, maybe around my rib" at the beginning of the contest after arriving in Nottingham injury-free and ready to compete. The second seed was broken in the first game before breaking back and holding for a 2-1 lead, when she took a medical time out at the first changeover. And she received treatment twice more before retiring 3-4 down to the Swiss player after just 33 minutes. Now, Raducanu has refused to commit to Wimbledon as she admitted she had no idea what the injury could be. "I need to get a scan. I'm not going to Google doctor myself, so I'll get it checked out," she told reporters after her return to the Nottingham Open ended early. "The first game an absolute freak, I think I pulled something, I am not really sure what exactly happened." JUST IN: Andy Murray off to winning start at Stuttgart Open With no idea on what the injury could be, the British No 1 was unable to comment on whether it would affect her chances of playing Wimbledon in three weeks' time. Raducanu is also set to play next week's Rothesay Classic in Birmingham but could be forced to pull out and recover in time for a homecoming at the All England Club. Raducanu already had her return in Nottingham, where she made her WTA Tour debut exactly a year ago while ranked outside of the world's top 300 and lost to compatriot Harriet Dart in straight sets. She then received a last-minute wildcard into Wimbledon where she became the youngest British woman to reach the round-of-16 in the Open Era on her Grand Slam debut. But she sounded hopeful that the sudden injury could just be a short-term issue that would cause her problems for "a few days", explaining: "The first game an absolute freak, I think I pulled something, I am not really sure what exactly happened." DON'T MISSNadal puts pressure back on Djokovic after pulling ahead in Slam raceRafael Nadal makes Daniil Medvedev Russia claim amid Wimbledon banRafael Nadal addresses Federer and Djokovic Grand Slam battle  The US Open champion said she didn't want to retire in the very first game but ultimately had to because "it could have just seized up and gone into spasm and then it is really bad for a few days". "I was thinking ‘I don’t know how I am going to do this’. But if you do something in the first game people will be like ‘Well why did you walk on to the court’. I definitely tried to get through it but in the second game I called the physio on and at the first changeover she was trying to do some work but even from there she told me it was going to be really difficult to continue." 