Gardens across the country are filled with colour at the moment, as the warmer temperatures encourage summer flowers to bloom. However, an expert has warned green-thumbed Britons may want to rethink where they plant bulbs, as this could be detrimental to the health of their garden. William Mitchell of Sutton Manor Nursery said it is extremely important not to place plants "in the wrong spot". He explained: "Again this is something that your casual most likely will never even think about. "However, it can be extremely important for a perfectly healthy plant. "When thinking about where exactly you should place your plant, you should always know the exact needs of the plant." READ MORE: How to clean windows and leave them 'sparkling' Crowding too many plants into beds and borders could see disease rip through your beautiful display. Mr Mitchell said: "It can be very bad for the plants if they are placed too close to each other. "Much like humans, plants do not like to be too cramped and crowded. "They need air circulating them and room for them to spread their branches and their roots as they grow. "Crowding plants together can also help the spread of diseases and therefore spreading them out helps stop the spread of unwanted diseases." DON'T MISSLawn tips: How to to ‘thicken’ lawns and ‘crowd out weeds’ [INSIGHT]Lawn: ‘Key’ to a ‘good quality sword’ and ‘healthy’ lawn [COMMENT]Get rid of slugs and snails with clever food hack ‘They hate it!' [EXPLAINER] Before planting any bulbs in your garden, it is essential you research and understand the specific care requirements of your plants. Mr Mitchell said: "If your plant needs shade then placing it in an area of your garden that is always in full sun during the summer months may not be very good for the health of the plant. "For it to grow exactly how it should, then it should be placed in an area that receives a lot of shade and best suits its needs." How far apart flowers and plants should be spaced depends on the variety and how large they are expected to grow. According to James Kole, an account manager at Level Green Landscaping, proper spacing for flowers "varies, based on the type of flower, potential impact and your patience." For annual flowers, the expert recommends planting them on an eight to 12-inch centre planting pattern. He explained: "That allows room for plants to spread, and they’ll look better and better as summer goes on." For perennials, though, the expert warns each plant has very different spacing needs. He explained: "When you space plants, you measure from centre to centre of the pots. "Proper plant spacing depends on the type of plant."