Three American presenters, led by the show’s host Charles Latibeaudiere, discussed Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's visit to the UK for the Jubilee. One reporter said the whole ordeal made the royals look like a “very unhappy broken family”, while another said that he wondered if the death of the Queen could lead to the family “falling apart”.    One of the reporters said: “[Meghan and Harry] wanted to show up to show support for Harry’s grandmother, right, but ultimately I think it just makes it look worse than if they just had not shown up at all. “They come, they sit on opposite sides of the church, and then they leave immediately afterwards despite the fact the celebrations went on for another three days. “They were actually landing back in Santa Barbara when the main party was still going on. “The whole thing makes it look like it has done all along, which is a very unhappy broken family.”    TMZ host Charles Latibeaudiere said: “And not once, by the way, was Harry photographed anywhere near William or his father. His co-host said: “Never, not once. It makes me wonder - obviously the Queen is in her 90s -  what happens when she’s not here anymore. This family is just going to fall apart and that’s sad.” Prince Harry and Meghan Markle decided against attending a reception for the Royal Family at Guildhall last Friday following the thanksgiving service at St Paul’s Cathedral. They opted, instead, to head back to Frogmore Cottage, later celebrating their youngest daughter Lilibet’s first birthday at Windsor Castle alongside the Queen. READ THIS: Meghan and Harry spotted with same gift given to Kate and WIlliam [REVEAL]  The family did not attend any more royal events after the thanksgiving service; Lilibet’s birthday party with the Queen was not part of the Jubilee and was carried out behind closed doors. They then flew back to Santa Barbara before the Platinum Jubilee Pageant had finished on Sunday. The pair had not returned to the UK for a long period since they announced they would step down from their Royal Family roles in March 2020. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry tipped for Megxit U-turn – Firm 'going to need him back' [REVEAL]Harry and Meghan unlikely to make 'frequent visits' to UK [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan expected royals to 'drop everything for them'  [REPORT]    Prince Harry had briefly reunited with the Queen following the death of Prince Philip last April, but he left after two days. And Meghan Markle had not returned at the time under advice from her doctors due to the advanced state of her pregnancy at the time. The couple's son Archie Harrison had not been in the UK since November 2019, when the Duke and Duchess of Sussex whisked him off to Canada for a six-week family break.