Manchester United and Tottenham are ready to lock horns over the signing of Newcastle and AC Milan target Sven Botman, according to reports. The two Premier League clubs are hot in pursuit of a left-footed centre-back this summer and the Dutch international ticks all boxes, particularly given he already has Champions League experience at the age of just 22. A central defender remains Spurs' priority and Fabio Paratici is now beginning to up the ante for a new centre-back for Antonio Conte. There have been discussions over a deal for Inter Milan's Alessandro Bastoni, who is at the top of the club's shortlist but so far, the indications are that he will stay at the San Siro. According to Italian transfer expert Gianluca Di Marzio, Spurs and United have now entered the fray for Botman, who can leave Lille this summer. Newcastle have been tracking Botman since the completion of their Saudi-backed takeover but so far, a move has failed to materialise. READ MORE: Tottenham 'in Pau Torres swap deal talks' with Villarreal after Man Utd transfer hesitance Two bids were rejected by the reigning Ligue 1 champions in January before the defender then looked set to join AC Milan. But a deal has stalled due to Milan's takeover and now there is a window of opportunity for the likes of Manchester United and Tottenham to pounce. Botman wants to play Champions League football, which is likely to hand Spurs an advantage over United. That said, the arrival of compatriot Erik ten Hag at Old Trafford, could potentially swing the balance in United's favour. READ MOREMan Utd can pay £2m more for better signing if Ajax star Jurrien Timber snubs transferBenfica respond to Man Utd 'swap deal offer for Darwin Nunez' with counter proposalLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting Spurs are operating with a back-three and the idea behind a summer transfer deal is to find an upgrade on Ben Davies, who will still be of importance to Conte. Bastoni is still the club's preferred choice but a move looks far from straightforward after the Italian international outlined his desire to remain with Inter Milan for pre-season. He told Rai Sport: “I have two years of my contract with Inter, so I am relaxed. The club hasn’t told me anything. “I am just waiting to go on vacation after this and then start pre-season with Inter." His comments could prompt Tottenham to firm up their interest in other targets, including Botman and Villarreal's Pau Torres. Once again, he is a player of interest to both Spurs and Manchester United, who seem to have an acquired taste for the Spain international defender. Both continued to be linked with the 25-year-old, who can leave the La Liga club for around £45m this summer. Tottenham will feel they have all the power when it comes to pipping United to potential targets after they secured fourth ahead of Arsenal. The Red Devils can only offer Europa League football this season.