NBC’s hit thrilling series The Blacklist came to an emotional end in May with the departure of two beloved characters. As fans await the premiere for the show’s 10th season, many believe it could mean the end of the series.  The Blacklist took the world by storm after it first landed on screens in 2013 and fans remained hooked as they tuned in to its weekly episodes. Throughout the series, viewers followed the life of Raymond ‘Red’ Reddington (played by James Spader) as he handed himself over to the police with a plea for his freedom. Although he was a wanted fugitive, he agreed to work with the police and help them capture other deadly criminals, with his knowledge. As a result, the FBI task force travelled across the world and encountered life-threatening dangers in the name of justice. READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint As well as the recent departures, the show has seen some major shake-ups including the death of the beloved FBI agent Liz Keen (Megan Boone). With her death finally solved, fans can look forward to another instalment of the task force working to reign down on criminals. Spader confirmed the show’s renewal when he starred as a guest on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon. The actor revealed: “We just got picked up just this afternoon. “Everyone was hustling around to try and do it, so we could announce it on the show.” While fans celebrated the news of the upcoming season, many questioned if it would be the last of the series. With Boone’s departure and the recent exit of both Amir Arison and Laura Sohn, the Task Force will look different with the possible addition of a new agent. However, after the showrunner and creator Jon Bokenkamp announced he was leaving after the season eight finale, fans were left worried about the future of the show. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star details moment he decided to quit acting [INSIGHT] The Blacklist plot hole: Fans spot factual error with Norfolk Naval [BLUNDER] The Blacklist continuity error: Red and Dembe scene had helmet blunder [BLUNDER] Many fans voiced their concerns about this on Twitter, including @AlexaSpasic23 who wrote: “I am thinking that Season 10 will be the final season.” Following the announcement of its renewal, @Tyblake02 wrote: “I’m happy but let’s end this after season 10.” @BumblyB8 added: “YAY! I do feel like it’s time to start wrapping it up, but 1,5 seasons to do it is great. They continued: “They’ve got time to finish the story and resolve the plot lines in a really good way.” Another fan @GreenGenii agreed: “I watch it because of James Spader, but it's time to wrap it up.” They added: “The story was about Liz & Red's relationship but that ended before we learned the truth about their relationship, until that's resolved it won't be as satisfying.” Fans will know for definite when The Blacklist will finally return to screens for season 10 in 2023. The Blacklist is available in the US on NBC. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 