It's a sight we see on a daily basis, but can you spot when there's something amiss with the Union Flag? To celebrate the Platinum Jubilee, one leading textiles firm has posted a brand new brainteaser involving the Union Jack. The Platinum Jubilee brainteaser tasks players with spotting which flag has an extra stripe. It sounds easy, but roughly 65% of people aren't able to solve it. Take a look at the image below. Can you spot the flag with an extra stripe? Posted by Prestigious Textiles, the fabric is available for the June bank holiday celebrations, inspiring themed tablecloths, bunting, cushions and accessories for parties. Indeed, only 12% of people in the UK are said to have found the extra stripe within 10 minutes, while nearly a quarter (23%) solved the puzzle in under 30 minutes. "After creating the brainteasers for some fun on social media, we’ve found that the difficulty level has turned it into a real talking point!" explains Nicola Brumfitt of Prestigious Textiles. "We hope people can challenge their friends to find the added stripe as quickly as possible and that the Union Jack design inspires hosts to create the ultimate setting for the Jubilee." If you have decided to give up, you can see the answer to the puzzle further down the page. In need of a clue? Look towards the right side of the image. If you're loking to get into the spirit of the Platinum Jubilee, then this If you're looking for a sweet treat to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee, then maybe you should try the official Platinum Pudding. A Lemon Swiss Roll and Amaretti Trifle was recently awarded the title of Platinum Pudding for the upcoming celebration. With a judging panel featuring the likes of Mary Berry, 31-year-old copywriter Jemma Melvin's dessert was picked above a four-nations pudding, a Victoria sponge Bundt cake, and a passionfruit and thyme frangipane tart. The dish will become part of British food history, following in the footsteps of the classic Victoria Sponge, and popular sandwich filling Coronation Chicken. The recipe includes lemon curd Swiss roll, luscious lemon custard, chunky mandarin coulis and lashings of fresh whipped cream.