The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been slammed for choosing to fly back to their home in California on a fuel-guzzling private plane. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are believed to have departed their UK residence of Frogmore Cottage on Sunday afternoon, before the Jubilee Pageant began The decision has been criticised by commentators who suggest the travel decision was somewhat hypocritical given frequent “lecturing” by Prince Harry and Meghan Markle around environmental concerns.    Speaking on his Channel 5 show, Jeremy Vine said: “I’m just thinking that maybe they don’t care what anybody thinks of them.” He added: “You probably can’t take EasyJet to California, but to get in standard class and sit in row F wouldn’t be that difficult for them would it?” Broadcaster Iain Dale replied: “Well, I don’t mind if they sit in seat 1A, I mean I would expect a member of the royal family to be in first class. “Otherwise, what’s the point in being a member of the royal family if you can’t fly first class. “It’s just when we’re constantly lectured by the two of them on how we should live our lives and take care of the planet and all the rest of it.”    The Duke and Duchess are reported to have travelled on a Bombardier Global 6000 plane, an “ultra-long-range” aircraft with 13 seats. According to private jet sales platform AVBuyer, the Global 6000 model can cost up to $64 million. The 11-hour journey is estimated to have emitted around 60 tonnes of carbon dioxide into the air, according to calculations using Private Business Jets data. By comparison, the emissions calculator of Flight Free suggested an economy passenger on a larger flight from London to Santa Barbara would have a carbon footprint of only 3.2 metric tonnes. Read more: Femi hits out at criticism of Harry and Meghan over private jet use   The decision to fly privately is likely to be labelled as a consequence of the security concerns that the Duke and Duchess outlined prior to their visit to the UK. However, the carbon footprint of their travel plans appears to conflict with the couple’s commitment to sustainability and environmental protection. Prince Harry is the founder and executive patron of Travelyst, a not-for-profit organisation that promotes sustainable travel decisions. A statement by the organisation explained: “The Coalition’s mission is to make it easier for travellers and travel providers to make sustainable choices.” Don't miss:Lorraine addresses Queen photograph 'ban' for first Lilibet meeting [REVEAL]Meghan and Harry release emotional statement over Lilibet [REPORT]Mike Tindall 'steps to fore' amid calls for bigger royal role [INSIGHT] In May, Prince Harry appeared in a bizarre promotional skit for Travelyst to encourage sustainable travel decisions. A mission statement on the Travelyst online platform said: “We believe tourism can, and must, play a key role in achieving a sustainable future for our world; so we’re convening the key players, and catalysing the necessary action, to change the impact of travel, for good.” The organisation appears to promote tourism that is respectful and considerate of the environmental consequences of transport and encourages tourists to consider the carbon impact of their travel. The commentators were, therefore,  understandably outraged at Prince Harry’s decision to fly by luxurious private jet despite promoting a message of carbon consciousness within travel.   