National rail strikes are set to hit most major lines on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday, alongside a London Underground strike which will take place on Tuesday. As a result, disruption is anticipated on all services throughout the week on non-strike days due to a reduction in staff. National Rail is urging passengers to only travel by train if essential. The strike action is being organised by the Rail Maritime and Transport Workers (RMT) union, which has warned it will "intensify" its campaign if members are not offered a suitable deal. Last-minute talks between unions and rail bosses are still ongoing, but strike action is likely, according to Conservative MP Simon Clarke. Speaking to BBC Breakfast, the Treasury Minister said: "We absolutely don't want them to go ahead, I recognise this is going to cause misery for millions of people and I am profoundly sorry about that." However, he noted there was "no point giving false hope" that strike action would be axed before Tuesday. Following the announcement that the RMT members will be striking on June 21, 23 and 25, the rail industry has introduced a temporary timetable. In a statement, National Rail said: "There will be a very limited service running on the rail network so please only travel by train if necessary. If you do travel, expect severe disruption and plan ahead." Network Rail has created a map that shows every route impacted by the strike action, including those with limited and no service across the three strike days. You can view the map on the National Rail website here. READ MORE: Tube strike schedule: All you need to know about industrial action Avanti West Coast In a statement, Avanti West Coast said: "Due to strike action by the RMT union, we’ll be operating a significantly reduced timetable on Tuesday 21 June, Thursday 23 June and Saturday 25 June. "This means fewer trains will run and some stations and destinations will have no service on the strike days. Our services will also start later and end much earlier." To reduce disruption, the operator is suspending sales of tickets for the three strike dates. Avanti West Coast added: "Once each day's timetable is confirmed and we know which trains are running, some Advance fares will be back on sale." c2c In a statement, c2c said: "We expect significant disruption on these dates and those in between. "We are advising our passengers to only travel if it is essential, work from home if you can and to plan ahead if you do intend to travel." On the c2c route, there will be a reduced service from 7.30am until 6.30pm, equating to less than a third of normal service levels. This will consist of: Timetables can be found on the c2c website. Caledonian Sleeper Although Caledonian Sleeper staff are not participating in the strike action, it does have a significant impact on their operations and services. This means that Caledonian Sleeper has had to cancel all services from Monday 20 June to Friday 24 June inclusive. Chiltern Railways In a statement, Chiltern Railways said: "On strike days there will be extremely limited availability of staff and as such we will not be able to operate services on most routes. There will be no replacement buses or alternative travel provided. "Unfortunately, as we will not be able to position our fleet how we normally would, the significant impact of the strike will also be felt on non-strike days." No Chiltern Railways services will operate from June 21 to 25 inclusive north of Banbury, or to and from Oxford. Services will finish earlier on Monday 20 June and will start later on Sunday, June 26. DON'T MISSStrike chaos worsens as teachers and doctors threaten to join [REPORT]RAF Duxford horror as WW2 plane CRASHES after 'nose-dive' [INSIGHT]Train strike dates: When is travel chaos expected to hit? All 13 lines [EXPLAINER] CrossCountry CrossCountry is set to run a limited service on days affected by strike action and is asking customers to consider altering their travel plans to avoid strike days. The hours of operation across the network will also be reduced to between 7.30am and 6.30pm on strike days to ensure essential rail freight services can operate. The following routes will have limited service in place between 7.30am and 6.30pm on strike days: East Midlands Railway East Midlands Railway will be "operating a significantly reduced service" on strike days. There will also be a reduced service on days between strikes, particularly on Wednesday, Friday and Sunday. This includes the first trains of the morning being significantly later than normal. Services will run between 7.30am and 6.30pm only. Elizabeth Line Given that the Elizabeth Line crosses through some national rail operated lines, and will also be impacted by Tuesday's Tube strike, some disruption throughout the week is anticipated. Transport for London (TfL) has “strongly encouraged” people not to travel on London Underground on June 21. On June 22, there will be a reduced service on the Elizabeth Line and disruption is expected. Between Thursday, June 23 and Sunday, June 26, there is expected to be reduced service and disruption on the Elizabeth Line. Gatwick Express Gatwick Express has warned passengers that although the strike action does not involve their staff, it will "severely affect" all journeys between Tuesday, June 21 and Sunday, June 26. In a statement, the company said: "Please only travel if your journey is absolutely necessary, and expect severe disruption." Grand Central On the RMT union national strike days (Tuesday 21 June, Thursday 23 June and Saturday 25 June) Grand Central plans to run a limited service on both their routes. Reservations are compulsory on those days and customers without reservations will not be permitted to board. On the days either side of strike days, there may be some alterations to the first and last trains. Otherwise Grand Central plans to operate the full timetable. Great Northern Although Great Northern colleagues are not involved in strikes, the action will "severely affect" services. Between Tuesday and Sunday customers are asked to only travel if their journey is absolutely necessary. "Severe disruption" is expected. Great Western Railway A significantly reduced temporary timetable will be in place on strike days. This will operate between 7.30am and 6.30pm. On non-strike days, no services will run before 7am. In a statement, the rail company said: "GWR will operate as many trains as possible during the strike action however, most train services will be affected on the days announced." Greater Anglia / Stansted Express Greater Anglia is advising people to only travel if absolutely necessary on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. Passengers should expect severe disruption, plan their journeys ahead and find alternative ways of travelling if they can. Services running will only operate from 7.30am, with the last trains finishing their journeys by 6.30pm. Heathrow Express Heathrow Express will be operating a reduced service on the strike dates. Travelling on the days between strikes will also be affected. A full list of train services running is available here. Hull Trains Hull Trains will only be operating between Doncaster and London Kings Cross on 21, 23 and 25 June. Those services will only be able to operate between 7.30am and 6.30pm. Sales of Advance tickets for the strike dates have been suspended in order to minimise the number of people disrupted. The days either side of industrial action are also likely to be affected. LNER On strike action days, LNER will be running around 38 percent of their usual trains and they are likely to be very busy. If you can avoid travelling over this period, the rail company recommends doing so. London Northwestern Railway This will have a considerable impact on the number of trains that London Northwestern Railway are able to run. A very limited train service will run on the strike dates between 7.30am and 6.30pm only. The London Northwestern Railway advice to customers is to only travel during this time if your journey is essential and you have no other means of transport available. If you do travel, expect severe disruption and plan ahead. London Overground London Overground services will only run between 7.30am and 6.30pm on strike days. Further disruption is expected throughout the week. Lumo While Lumo colleagues were not balloted as part of the RMT national campaign and are not included in plans for any strike action, the industrial action announced will involve Network Rail staff who operate signalling systems and other Train Operating Companies colleagues who manage facilities at stations. As a result, Lumo will be running an amended timetable on strike days. Merseyrail Although Merseyrail staff are not taking part in this industrial action, it will involve Network Rail staff who operate the signalling systems and provide crucial maintenance which allows services to run safely. There will be no rail replacement buses on strike days and passengers are advised to make alternative travel arrangements. Due to the industrial action lasting 24 hours, there will also be knock-on effects on the day after each industrial action date except for Sunday 26 June. On Wednesday, June 22 and Friday, June 24 limited rail replacement buses will run until 7am and trains will be reintroduced from 7am. Northern On strike days, Northern will only be able to run on the following routes: There will be no replacement buses or alternative travel provided. ScotRail ScotRail will only be able to operate the following services between 7.30am and 6.30pm on 21, 23, and 25 June: Southeastern Only 35 out of the 180 stations owned by southeastern will be open. No rail replacement buses will serve stations that are closed. Passengers may be unable to board trains at stations where a limited service is running, especially at locations such as Ashford and Ebbsfleet. The last trains back from London will be much earlier than usual, so there is a risk that not everyone will be able to make their return journey. Services in between strike days are expected to be severely disrupted, especially in the mornings until midday. No services will run before 7.30am. Southern Although GTR colleagues are not on strike, this national action will severely affect all journeys on Southern, Gatwick Express, Thameslink and Great Northern between Tuesday, June 21 and Sunday, June 26. Passengers are advised to only travel if "absolutely necessary" and to "expect disruption". South Western Railway / Island line SWT is set to run "a dramatically reduced timetable" with "significant parts of the network closed". On Strike days, South Western Railway will only run on the following routes: Trains will not run on other routes. TransPennine Express The following stations will be completely closed with no services calling there on strike days: A very limited service will be running on the following routes on Tuesday 21, Thursday 23 and Saturday, June 25: There will also be significant disruption on days between strike action (Wednesday 22 and Friday, June 24) and customers are asked to plan carefully and to check timetables before travelling. West Midlands Railway This will have a considerable impact on the number of trains that West Midlands Railway is able to run. A very limited train service will run on the strike dates between 7.30am and 6.30pm only. Due to the knock-on impact of the strike, a very limited service will also be running on Wednesday, June 22 and Friday, June 24.