According to The Kyiv Independent, Russian forces are considering introducing the extreme measure in order to maintain control. Writing on Twitter the English Language Ukrainian publication quoted Governor Oleksandr Starukh.  They said: "Oleksandr Starukh said that Russian forces are attempting to suppress local resistance with the introduction of the death penalty. "’Ukrainian guerillas will continue to resist,’ he said." Earlier this month Mr Starukh told Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky during his visit to the region that 60 percent of the region was occupied by Russian troops. Zaporizhzhia Oblast was one of the first regions attacked by Russia at the start of Moscow's invasion in late February.  The city of Berdyansk was captured on February 26 followed by Melitopol on March 1. Enerhodar where the Zaporizhzhia Nuclear Power Station is located was captured a few days later. A Russian attack on the Nuclear Power station on March 3 almost led to a catastrophic incident. The plant is still operational, despite being under Russian control. READ MORE: Putin crisis as major Russian oil field erupts in FLAMES  It comes as there are increasing reports of partisan activity throughout the region. According to The New York Times, the partisans have a number of roles "from helping direct attacks on enemy forces in coordination with the Ukrainian military to posting leaflets on street corners to demoralise the occupiers." "They can be men pushing potato carts, or farmers, or a grandmother with a cellphone." Former soldiers are also involved in the partisan movement but whatever their background their goal is simple to "make sure the enemy never feels safe." DON'T MISS: Putin's intense exchange after Lukashenko ‘got under his skin’  [REVEAL] Putin warned as Russian warship enters Denmark's waters [INSIGHT] Putin humiliated as Ukraine captures deadly weapons [SPOTLIGHT] Their role as scouts can be crucial "both in southern Ukraine where Russia has captured territory, and in the east where Ukraine finds itself outgunned and fighting to hold onto its land." Serhii Kuzan, head of the Ukrainian Center for Security and Cooperation think tank, told The Guardian that the role of the partisans was to ensure Russian troops were uncomfortable. He said: "The idea is for the occupier to always feel the presence of the partisans and for them never to feel safe. "Recently, the partisan forces in Kharkiv, Zaporizhzhia, and Kherson regions carried out a coordinated sticker and flyer campaign against the so-called Russian world." According to The Economist, Melitopol "is the unofficial capital of Ukraine's resistance." 