Daniil Medvedev congratulated Tim van Rijthoven for 'destroying' him in straight sets with a hugely impressive performance in the final at Den Bosch on Sunday afternoon. Medvedev went into the match as the overwhelming favourite but was comfortably beaten by the Dutchman, who clinched his first career ATP title on home soil after beating the likes of Taylor Fritz and Felix Auger-Aliassime on his way to the final. Van Rijthoven sent down four aces and won 84 per cent of his first-service points to secure victory in one hour and five minutes at the expense of Medvedev, who was very much off the boil for the vast majority of the contest. He was classy in defeat, though, and even poked fun at himself as he congratulated Van Rijthoven in his post-match interview on Tennis TV."First of all, congrats Tim," began Medvedev. "Amazing week, first time in an ATP tournament and straight away you destroy the No 2 in the world in straight sets in the final!"So I think it must be a good feeling. I don't know how it feels, but it must be a good feeling. An amazing match today, keep it going. JUST IN: Roger Federer lauds 'gigantic' Rafael Nadal and provides injury update "I remember you from juniors, you have the talent so now you need to make more matches like this and more tournaments like this! Congrats to you and your team."Van Rijthoven raced into a 2-0 lead in the first set before the match was stopped in the third game after Medvedev suffered a nose bleed. The Russian ultimately managed to recover but failed to pull himself back into the set, with Van Rijthoven eventually coming out on top with a 6-4 triumph. He went on to claim victory by winning the second set as a result of his impeccable service game, leaving Medvedev unable to hit back in spite of his best efforts. Van Rijthoven responded to his opponent's classy message with a fond verdict of his own, insisting that he was honoured to share a court with one of the biggest names in tennis at present."I’d like to show huge respect to Daniil," he said. "You’re a great player, I’ve watched you on TV many times, and now to play you myself, that was already a dream."Playing against you was amazing and it was an honour to share the court with you, and you are for sure going to win many more titles. I’ll see you hopefully in the future many more times on the court." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE