Stranger Things season four is on Netflix and fans are eagerly awaiting the final two episodes of the TV series. The part one finale revealed the identity of the evil Vecna (played by Jamie Campbell Bower), who lured vulnerable victims to their deaths. Just before they died, his victims could see a grandfather clock, but what does it mean? Stranger Things season four is darker and scarier than ever before, with Vecna claiming the lives of many Hawkins residents. Max Mayfield (Sadie Sink) found herself under his spell as she continued to mourn the death of her brother Billy (Dacre Montgomery). Her symptoms included headaches and nightmares, and she started experiencing hallucinations. Like the victims before her, Max could hear a ticking clock and she followed the sound. Vecna would appear just as they noticed a grandfather clock in front of them, and he would warn them they have one more day to live. READ MORE: Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown’s gobsmacked by Eleven change The Duffer Brothers, who created the series, said of victim Chrissy Cunningham's death (Grace Van Dien): "She shouldn't have looked at the clock but she unfortunately did." Often in dreams, clocks represent the past catching up with someone. In Max's case, she has many regrets about her brother's death and how she was unable to save him. Vecna brings each victim's hidden trauma back to the surface. As viewers will also come to learn, the clock links to the true identity of Vecna. Creel House features a grandfather clock and viewers discovered how Henry Creel (Raphael Luce) hated the concept of time. He could not stand the way humans used it to control nature and wanted to take power away. There is a chance Vecna is using the clock as a bridge to the Upside Down, which has no concept of time. It is not just the grandfather clock that has caught the attention of viewers this season. Some fans have suggested school counsellor Ms Kelly (Regina Ting Chen) is linked to Vecna after spotting a clue involving clocks. DON'T MISS... Stranger Things plot hole: How did Kali survive the lab massacre? [INSIGHT] Stranger Things: Who is Tammy Thompson in Stranger Things? [EXPLAINER] Millie Bobby Brown boyfriend: Who is the Stranger Things star dating? [INSIGHT] They have noticed Ms Kelly wearing a necklace which appears to be a clock inside a key. While Max visits her counsellor, viewers can also hear clocks ticking in the background. Viewers believe this means Ms Kelly could be working with Vecna as an accomplice. She may be the one who is scouting out his victims as everyone she has offered support to so far has ended up dead. Some fans have even suggested Vecna shape-shifts into Ms Kelly to conceal his true identity. Viewers have taken to Twitter to express their fear over the grandfather clock symbolism. Jackson Hayes said: "Quite fortunate that I don’t have a grandfather clock in my home. #StrangerThings" @LaurahhhGrace said: "Rewatching #StrangerThings from season one and so far I have heard the chime of the grandfather clock three times so far in the background. Was this just an Easter egg the whole time!!?" Shawn Dildine added: "Well, now I’ll never have a grandfather clock in my house. Thanks #StrangerThings." CC shared: "Dude I can’t even look at a grandfather clock without feeling panicked. Thanks #StrangerThings."  Stranger Things season 4 returns to Netflix on July 1.