Spectators should arrive prepared with umbrellas and waterproof jackets to the opening games as intermittent showers are expected. The Championships are starting today, June 27, with the Gentlemen’s and Ladies’ Singles first round. Around 42,000 people are expected to flock to Wimbledon each day this year as the venue returns to full capacity after the pandemic. But even before the first matches get underway, organisers have delayed play on 15 courts due to rain which started coming down at 11.40am.  Both Centre Court and Court One have cover, but play will not commence in these areas until later on today. Bosses expected the games to resume from 12.30pm. Those braving the long queues to get on-the-day tickets have been standing in the first batch of showers, with some reportedly waiting in line for 48 hours. Hundreds of fans also began lining up before 10am, when the south west London gates were due to open.   While light showers are causing a few early issues on day one, more prolonged downpours are predicted later this week. The Met Office is forecasting light showers from 10am on Wednesday, June 29 and again on Thursday, June 30 - but this time they will be lasting for longer periods. Rain will lash Wimbledon and parts of the south east and Greater London from 1pm to 4pm, according to the experts. Interactive weather maps also show there may be a very small rain cloud over Wimbledon and other parts of London on Friday, but this has not been confirmed.  READ MORE: Wimbledon postponed: Rain forces play to be suspended on outside court A Met Office forecast brands the later part of the week as “unsettled” in its outlook for Wimbledon and the south east. It says: “Cloudier Wednesday as a slow-moving band of showery rain pushes east. “More unsettled Thursday with showers, perhaps turning heavy and thundery early on.” But things may be set to improve on Friday with drier, brighter and warmer temperatures.  DON'T MISS:'Can't tax country out of recession' Tory MP sends warning to Rishi [REACTION]Have Your Say: Should Boris Johnson serve three terms? [GET INVOLVED]Boris Johnson: 'I won't have psychological transformation' [INSIGHT] BBC weather forecaster Carol Kirkwood also spoke about the rain over Wimbledon and where these predictions are coming from. Speaking on BBC, she said: “The weather front in the west will push eastwards”, resulting in some “heavy and persistent rain” with temperatures ranging between six and 12C degrees. On today’s weather, she added: “Showers will make it to the east. That’s what we could see at Wimbledon, then they move away and then later on in the day, another front coming in across the northwest of Scotland and Northern Ireland will introduce some thicker cloud and some more rain. “In between, however, there will be some sunshine.” 