Many travellers already face long queues as they attempt to check in or pass through airport security, and can’t be certain their plane will take off at the end of it all. Now, some people hoping to take a long-awaited summer holiday abroad will be forced to wait yet another year. Gatwick’s decision appears driven by an understanding the current service is not good enough. The airport, it seems, has chosen to limit flights to a number it can handle in a professional manner. In some ways, this is laudable. But Gatwick’s solution will cause enormous disappointment and inconvenience to many thousands of families and individuals. Problems at airports across the UK are linked to staff shortages. As the economy has re-opened after lockdowns, demand for a wide range of goods and services has returned to normal, or in some cases above normal, faster than many businesses are able fully to resume operations. In particular, it’s taking time to replace staff who lost their jobs or chose to quit during the pandemic. This is why business minister Paul Scully suggests existing employees could work longer hours. His proposal may help in the short term and could provide those working overtime with a welcome income boost. But airports and airlines must commit themselves to recruiting and training the extra staff they need, and ensure people can enjoy the holidays they deserve. It’s shocking to learn that millions of state pension recipients have been underpaid for up to 30 years. But what is almost beyond belief is that the Department for Work and Pensions has known about this for years, and neglected to tell anyone. The sums involved may be a few pennies a week, but that can amount to a significant amount over the decades. Even once the Government finds a way to repay the cash, there will clearly be some people who are no longer alive to receive what they are owed. In addition, anyone who struggled financially during the past 30 years will take little comfort in receiving a payment today. Nonetheless, the Government must sort this out as soon as possible. Sir Paul McCartney once imagined life as a retired 64-year-old, doing the garden while his wife knits a sweater by the fireside. Life worked out very differently. Macca’s just finished a tour of the US, and headlines Glastonbury next week. If you didn’t know, you’d never guess he’s 80 years old today. Happy birthday, Sir Paul.