Prince Charles, 73, will reportedly replace his mother the Queen at the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham next month. Her Majesty, 96, who is continuing to experience mobility problems following the Platinum Jubilee, has pulled out of the opening ceremony, according to newspaper reports. If Charles takes the place of the Queen for the sporting event it would mark the latest in a string of occasions which have seen the Prince of Wales carrying out the duties of the monarch. One particularly poignant moment came in May, when the heir apparent filled in for his mother at the state opening of Parliament, where he read the Queen’s speech in the House of Lords. Her Majesty’s handover of engagements to her son is evidence of the gradual handover taking place as Charles prepares to be King. Amid the current changes taking place in the Royal Family, Express.co.uk has looked at the official procedures around Charles’ succeeding the Queen, including his travel plans. Professor Vernon Bogdanor – from King’s College London’s Centre for British Politics and Government – laid out some of the events that will take place following the Queen’s death. The British constitutional expert revealed how, after the Accession Council meets to proclaim Charles as the new King, the royal will then go on a tour of the UK. JUST IN: 'Excessive pressure' Prince Harry tipped for Megxit U-turn – Firm 'going to need him back' He said: “The meeting of the Accession Council is as soon as possible, which confirms the new King. “He then swears to protect the Church of Scotland. That derives from the Acts of Union with Scotland in 1707. “And he will no doubt, although it is not required, make a speech at the Council and then no doubt in the media that evening. “I think he intends then to visit parts of the country, particularly Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland and will put forward his approach to constitutional monarchy.” The expert also explained how there is no break in the monarchy when a Sovereign dies, meaning that Charles will become King immediately. Mr Bogdanor said: “Immediately. The royal standard is never lowered once the Queen is dead, because the monarchy continues. He is automatically King. “It is confirmed at the Accession Council and then at the Coronation, but there is no statutory requirement for a coronation. “Edward VIII never had one, but Charles becomes King immediately.” The situation was the same for the Queen, who came to the throne upon the death of her father King George VI in 1952. Mr Bogdanor described the death of the previous monarch and how the country “closed down” as the public grieved. DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle and Harry 'were 50 minutes late' not to be 'lumped with never-was' royals [LATEST]Princess Alexandra given 'significant' honour from Queen while Margaret brutally snubbed [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should Princess Anne be considered for Queen? [ANALYSIS] Discussing similar events for the Queen, he said: “There will be a period of mourning but it is difficult to know how long for because it is so long since the last time a monarch died in 1952. “Then, the country more or less closed down for about a week. “Of course, there was a much more deferential atmosphere then. “Live programmes on the radio and the television disappeared. Theatres closed for a day or two and cinemas and so on. “I don’t know whether that will happen this time. I’m just not privy to that.” He added: “I imagine it would be a grand funeral and the Queen would then lie at Westminster Hall for some time and people pass by. “A huge number filed past the Queen Mother in 2002. “It will be a hugely emotional occasion because hardly anyone alive today can remember any other Sovereign.”