When seven out of 10 people want VAT axed this cannot be dismissed as the desire of dedicated “petrolheads”. The Government has taken welcome steps to help people heat their homes but it is vital that running a car does not become too expensive for ordinary families. Throughout swathes of the country, a car is simply vital to get to work, take the children to school, attend health appointments and do the supermarket shop. But when it costs around £100 to fill up a vehicle there is the real danger that people’s already stretched finances will finally snap. Yes, the Treasury would take a hit if it scrapped VAT on fuel but it will also lose billions if the punishing costs of running a car force people to radically cut back on other expenditure. A dynamic economy needs a mobile population with disposable income. According to the RAC Foundation, duty, VAT and environmental taxes/fees now account for 47.47 per cent of the price of petrol at the pump. When the UK has among the most expensive fuel costs in Europe, it is clear we are at a competitive disadvantage. The polling by Redfield and Wilton Strategies found just 8 per cent of the public are opposed to cutting VAT to zero. The citizens of this country understand the Chancellor needs to balance the nation’s books and they are fully aware of the environmental costs of fossil fuel use, but they are also worried about the cost of living crisis and the challenge it has become to fill up with fuel. Urgent attention is required at the top of Government. The economy must not be allowed to splutter to a stop.  The Jubilee celebrations should leave the Queen in no doubt that she is an exceptional monarch who is not just respected but loved by a diverse nation. Whether at Trooping the Colour, street parties, last night’s Buckingham Palace pop concert or the magnificent thanksgiving service at St Paul’s Cathedral, people seized the chance to celebrate Her Majesty’s unmatched contribution to our country for the past seven decades. It is a shame she was unable to attend all the events she would have doubtless wanted to take part in, but her splendid presence has been felt on every occasion. The Queen brings out the best in people by exemplifying Britain’s finest values. Her wisdom, constancy, dignity and sheer style glow as bright as ever, and these celebrations demonstrate she will always have a place in our hearts. 