Manchester United’s pursuit of Frenkie de Jong could be inadvertently aided by Pep Guardiola if he allows one of Barcelona’s top targets to leave Manchester City, according to reports in the Spanish media. Barca are only willing to sell the £72million-rated De Jong to the Red Devils if they acquire a replacement - and have apparently targeted Bernardo Silva as a priority. New United boss Erik ten Hag will complete a major overhaul of the squad this summer. Former interim head coach Ralf Rangnick predicted that the Old Trafford outfit could need up to 10 players. Midfield is an area of strong concern, especially after the departures of Paul Pogba, Nemanja Matic, Juan Mata and Jesse Lingard. The quartet will officially leave United when their contracts expire on June 30. Ten Hag is expected to sign at least a couple of midfielders and has targeted Barca ace De Jong. United are thought to have long been in talks with the Netherlands international, who played under Ten Hag at Ajax. JUST IN: Liverpool warned not to pay over £50m for Nunez due to 'big step up However, Barca will only sanction a transfer if they can sign an adequate midfield replacement. According to Spanish publication Mundo Deportivo, boss Xavi Hernandez is interested in signing City star Silva in a move that could see the Premier League champions help their local rivals. The Portugal international was linked with a transfer last summer but one did not materialise. He ended up being important as City fought off competition from Liverpool to win the top-flight, starting 33 league games. It is unclear if Guardiola will allow Silva, though - especially if he is aware that the transfer would indirectly strengthen United. The 27-year-old playmaker would also likely need replacing at the Etihad Stadium given how prominent a role he played in their success last term. DON'T MISS...Man Utd ‘make first official bid’ for Frenkie de Jong with £17m bonusChelsea’s stance on Milan Skriniar could wreck Man Utd and Spurs plansMan Utd 'rebuff' Tottenham's Marcus Rashford approach De Jong has been valued by Barca at around £72m, according to wide-ranging reports. That could make a deal difficult for United as they do not have an unlimited budget. The 25-year-old appeared 32 times in La Liga and was a key midfield player for Xavi, making the Spanish football icon uncertain over whether he is willing to relinquish the former Ajax man. Ten Hag is familiar with De Jong’s talent having used him frequently at the Eredivisie side. De Jong featured in 59 games under the 52-year-old before being allowed to leave for Barca in the summer of 2019. He played a key role in Ajax’s incredible run to the Champions League semi-final that year, capturing the attention of the La Liga side. He could now reunite with Ten Hag if United can come to an agreement with Barca. A transfer would see the Red Devils complete the first piece of their summer overhaul.