According to the NHS, swollen hands – medically referred to as oedema – is caused by a build-up of fluid, which can be brought on via a myriad of reasons. For instance, staying in the same position for too long – such as taking long-haul flights – could contribute to the development of oedema. Oedema could also be caused by an overconsumption of salty foods; people should aim for less than 6g daily. Some medication may lead to swollen hands, such as blood pressure medication, antidepressants, and steroids. In addition, a sudden change in weather, a skin allergy, a blood clot, or psoriatic arthritis could all lead to oedema. Whatever the cause, the treatment for the condition is the same and involves good hydration. In addition to drinking plenty of water, gentle exercise – such as walking – can help to improve blood flow. READ MORE: Monkeypox: UKHSA orders 20,000 additional doses of smallpox vaccine as cases rise in UK Furthermore, it's advisable to raise the swollen area when (and if) possible. If the hands are affected (as oedema can affect many limbs), then the NHS advise to "put your hands in a bath of warm water". Next, place the hands in cold water to help encourage the fluid to move away from the area. Oedema is not usually anything to worry about, as the condition should go away on its own. DON'T MISSLionel Richie health: Star on his mystery illness [INSIGHT] Bacteria in showerheads can cause pneumonia [ADVICE]Tom Hanks health: Star on managing diabetes [TIPS]  king of confirmed cases by country: If the swelling does not subside, however, or it seemingly is getting worse, it's advisable to contact your doctor. Book an appointment as soon as possible so that your doctor can begin the process of underpinning the underlying cause. If the swelling is severe, painful, or starts very suddenly, you are required to call NHS 111. Do contact emergency services on 999 if you feel short of breath or are struggling to breathe. The NHS added that a call to 999 is also warranted if your chest feels tight, heavy or painful. What's behind Prince Charles' sausage-like fingers? The royal seems to be in good health, even if his fingers do raise some eyebrows. If salt is the reason, for example, the prince would benefit from cutting down on salty foods. A diet high in salt can raise blood pressure, increasing the risk of heart disease and stroke. High-salt foods include: Also check nutrition labels and opt for low-salt options when it comes to sandwiches, sausages, pizza, crisps, and pasta sauces. Eating too much salt everyday can raise your blood pressure reading, which is unlikely to have any outward warning signs. You can, however, keep track of your health by doing regular blood pressure checks. A reading of 140/90mmHg is a health threat – an ideal blood pressure reading should be between 90/60mmHg and 120/80mmHg.