The fierce storm is currently making its way through Bermuda after battering Florida in the US. Met Office Deputy Chief Meteorologist Adam Thornhill said that, while it will have “lost much of its strength” by the time it reaches our shores, Storm Alex “will bring some unseasonably strong winds across the UK”. These conditions will come into effect largely on Thursday and Friday. Conditions before then are not expected to remain completely stable, too. Low pressure in the North Sea today is set to produce a risk of rain and cloudy weather in the northeast of England. There will also be a “scattering” of rainfall in other parts of the country, according to the BBC. But temperatures also will in many areas breach the low 20s. Reports suggest Cardiff and Birmingham are due a maximum temperature of 21 degrees Celsius while London could peak at 22 degrees. Low pressure from the Atlantic will, into Wednesday morning, produce some fairly heavy rain. The latest BBC Weather for the Week Ahead report notes that, as this moves north through the country, “heavy and thundery” rain will likely be experienced in Wales and southwest England as well as “near-gale force” winds. READ MORE: Farage slams Tories as Boris Johnson avoids leadership loss Jim Dale from the British Weather Services said that as the week progresses, the remnants of Storm Alex will start to make an impact. He told Express.co.uk: “The gusty winds are for northwest Scotland on Friday and into Saturday because of ex-Hurricane Alex.” Mr Dale noted that gusts in these parts could reach up to 50 mph, but stressed that “they will be used to that so no problems”. DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] Mr Dale said that, bar from some strong gusts and thundery conditions, “the weather is essentially tranquil”. He added there will be “no great shakes”. There are currently no weather warnings from the Met Office for the week ahead.