The Lincoln Lawyer season two is on everyone's minds as the legal drama has resonated with plenty of Netflix viewers. The TV series follows a defence attorney in Los Angeles who works out of a chauffeur-driven Lincoln Navigator. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the show's future. The legal crime drama first arrived in May 2022 and it went straight to the top of the streaming platform's top 10. Fans enjoyed watching attorney Mickey Haller (played by Manuel Garcia-Rulfo) work on the case of a man accused of killing his wife and her boyfriend. On June 14, Netflix officially renewed the series for a second season, which will be made up of 10 episodes. The new episodes will be based on the fourth book in the Lincoln Lawyer book series by Michael Connelly, titled The Fifth Witness. READ MORE: Channel 5 issues statement on Our Yorkshire Farm future after split An official release date is yet to be announced but Express.co.uk will keep viewers up to date. Most of the original cast are expected to return for the second outing and there should be some new faces. As the new season will focus on a new case, there is a whole host of new possibilities. The synopsis for the book on which the second season is based says: "In tough times, crime is one of the few things that still pays, but even criminals are having to make cutbacks. "So for defence lawyer Mickey Haller, most of his new business is not about keeping people out of jail; it's about keeping a roof over their heads as the foreclosure business is booming. "Lisa Trammel has been a client of Mickey's for eight months, and so far he's stopped the bank from taking her house. "But now the bank's CEO has been found beaten to death - and Lisa is about to be indicted for murder." Dailyn Rodriguez, known for working on Queen of the South, has come on board as co-showrunner and executive producer. The series has made the top 10 chart in 90 countries with 260.53 million hours viewed as of June 5. DON'T MISS... Below Deck Sailing Yacht: Fans praise Chef Marcos after his exit [DISCUSSION] Lincoln Lawyer season 2 bags Queen of the South showrunner [INSIGHT] Becki Newton husband: Who is Lincoln Lawyer Lorna star married to? [EXPLAINER] The was originally developed for CBS in 2019 but it was passed over to Netflix. The streamer redeveloped the show and recast the role of Mickey Haller with series lead Garcia-Rulfo. Fans have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on the series so far. Glen Bolton said: "Mickey Haller could easily join Jack Bauer and Marty Bird as favourite characters…A big call - really enjoyed season 1 of #thelincolnlawyer…Bring on season 2!" Timi Okoya added: "#TheLincolnLawyer is a really good show. The last three episodes were particularly gripping. "Legal shows are often brilliant, no surprise here. Looking forward to season two!" Catherine Gonzales shared: "It took a few episodes to get into it, but I’m enjoying #TheLincolnLawyer series. "Glad it’s been green-lit for season two! #whattowatch"  The Lincoln Lawyer season 1 is on Netflix now.