Kathy, a pensioner, offered the Chancellor four suggestions she thought might help ease the crisis for the elderly. Meanwhile, a full-time carer laid bare the effects of the cost of living crisis, saying that they were “just trying to survive”.  Since the end of last year, the coronavirus pandemic has caused shortages and supply chain issues, which have put an inflationary pressure on prices. Energy prices – which had already soared by over 200 percent in Europe – have been impacted further by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and divestment from Russian fossil fuels. Despite some limited relief for household costs, the Government has been criticised for not doing enough to stop the cost of living reaching unaffordable levels. In late May, Mr Sunak announced a £21billion package of measures to help the worst off in the costs crisis, including a £400 rebate on energy bills and a £650 one-off payment to the eight million poorest homes in the UK.  READ MORE: Have Your Say: Should Rishi stop the state pension age rise to 70? Included in the measures was a £300 payment to the eight million pensioners also receiving the winter fuel payment. The Chancellor’s costs policies are to be partly funded by a temporary 25 percent levy on fossil fuel producers’ profits, which are enjoying massive returns due to the soaring prices. Today (Thursday), the Bank of England raised interest rates once again, from one percent to 1.25 percent, after dropping them to a historic low during the pandemic. It is one mechanism by which inflation can be reined in, as it increases the cost of borrowing – encouraging people to spend less and save more.  However, it means that bills such as mortgages are likely to rise by as much as £25 a month more for a standard tracker mortgage. Kathy said: “As pensioners on a fixed income, of course, we are worried and dreading the winter months ahead.” She suggested the Government could place a lower cap on fuel prices, as France did in January when it made EDF limit wholesale price rises to four percent for the year. Kathy also said the Government should temporarily scrap climate levies on fuel, lower VAT and stop an increase in standing charges, which have been increased by the regulator massively for electricity bills.  DON'T MISS:Boris Johnson rebels: Two ways the PM could still be ousted [INSIGHT]US says it will NOT end UK trade talks over Brexit row [UPDATE]Voters ‘fed up’ with waiting for politician whose fit to lead [REACTION] Kathy said she was “really disappointed” in the Government. Meanwhile, Julie, a carer for her husband, said she was also worried about the upcoming winter as the two “only get benefits". She said: “I don’t know how I will afford heating and food come winter. I cut back on everything already. “This is not living; it’s just trying to survive.”  The cost of living crisis is expected to hit the disabled and impaired harder, as they require greater costs depending on the equipment they need. Disabled charity Scope estimates the extra costs faced by disabled people are on average around £583 a month. Ricky Towler, owner of a mobility scooter and chair company, said: “With the increased cost of living for those with disabilities, the additional financial support being offered may not be enough for many families with a disabled person in their household.”  When asked to comment, a Treasury spokesperson said: “We know that people are struggling with rising prices and worried about the months ahead. That’s why we’ve stepped in to ease the burden, helping eight million of the most vulnerable British families through at least £1,200 of direct payments this year - and giving every household £400 to help pay their energy bills. “As part of our £37bn support package we’re also saving the typical employee over £330 a year through the imminent National Insurance tax cut, are allowing Universal Credit claimants to keep £1,000 more of what they earn and have made the biggest cut to all fuel duty rates ever.”