Users raised the alarm on the social media platform about a reportedly planned confrontation at Burgess Park in Camberwell, south London, on Thursday, June 2. One person posted: "So apparently the Hunger Games are gonna be held at Burgess Park on 2nd of June. Who rolling?" "Guys don’t go Burgess Park on June the second as there is going to be a war with two gangs with guns, knives and acid... I am scared myself as I live close." The reports have been linked to post code wars between rival gangs. Threats of violence will supposedly be carried out at a funfair at the park, according to MyLondon. Other warnings shared by TikTok users, some of whom are school age, include threats of acid attacks and stabbings.  One video warning is captioned "rob or be robbed". Superintendent Dan Ivey, head of neighbourhood policing for Lambeth and Southwark, said: "Police are aware of information circulating on various social media channels regarding possible violence in the Burgess Park area of SE5 on Thursday, 2 June. "This has been fed into our local policing plan which covers the entire bank holiday weekend and a visible policing presence will be seen in Burgess Park, and other key areas across Lambeth and Southwark over the course of the weekend. "Our priority is to ensure our communities can celebrate the Jubilee weekend in safe and secure environment.   READ MORE ABOUT TURKEY'S DRONES 'OBLITERATING' RUSSIAN TROOPS "Anyone intent on committing criminal activity will be identified and dealt with appropriately." Youth mentor Patrick Campbell warned parents about the upcoming violence, advising them to keep their kids at home. He said: "Please everyone, tell your family (especially young ones) to AVOID burgess park on June 2. "If you have teenagers at home, you may have already heard of the 'post-code war' that had been planned for that day.  DON'T MISS: Gran received devastating diagnosis after ignoring NHS check ups [REVEALED] Jubilee fury explodes as ex-Labour MP fumes at 'gross' celebrations [REPORT] Prince Andrew living 'high life' during visits to Queen at Windsor [LATEST] "Young people are being encouraged to turn up with knives, imitation guns, machete, etc. "If you have the TikTok app, search 'burgess park 2nd June', and you will be shocked the things being spread around.  "I have searched on TikTok myself and I am truly shocked with what I have seen." Community workers, charities and church leaders have been called upon to share the warning with the aim of getting "vulnerable children" to avoid attending the funfair. London's Metropolitan Police said in a statement: "Police are aware of information circulating on various social media channels regarding possible violence in the Burgess Park area of SE5 on Thursday, 2 June.  "This has been fed into our local policing plan which covers the entire bank holiday weekend and a visible policing presence will be seen in Burgess Park, and other key areas across Lambeth and Southwark over the course of the weekend. "Our priority is to ensure our communities can celebrate the Jubilee weekend in [a] safe and secure environment." 