It is the second major Platinum Jubilee event Her Majesty has been forced to cancel due to her ongoing mobility problems. Writing on Twitter, ITV News Royal Editor Chris Ship said: "BREAKING: Buckingham Palace has just announced the Queen will NOT be attending the Epsom Derby on Saturday. It’s the second #platinumjubilee event in a row that she has been forced to cancel because of her discomfort/mobility."  The Queen normally attends the Epsom Derby annually and is said to be planning on watching the event on television at Windsor Castle instead. The news comes on the second day of Her Majesty's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, with reports of the Queen feeling "tired".  The Queen had a "lovely" time at Thursday's Platinum Jubilee celebrations but found the day "very tiring", the Duchess of Cambridge is said to have told an attendee at a Guildhall reception. Gill Smallwood from Bolton spoke with Kate on Friday after a service of thanksgiving at the nearby St Paul's Cathedral. Ms Smallwood said she had asked Kate how the Queen was doing. She told the PA news agency: "She (Kate) said, 'yes, she was fine, it was just very tiring yesterday, and she (the Queen) had had a lovely, lovely time'." She said Kate told her that Princes George and Louis and Princess Charlotte also "had a lovely time" at Thursday's celebrations, during which all three Cambridge children appeared on the Buckingham Palace balcony for a flypast. Ms Smallwood, chief executive of domestic violence charity Fortalice, was made an MBE in the New Year honours. Rebecca English, Royal Editor at the Daily Mail, wrote on Twitter: "CONFIRMED. Her Majesty will not attend the Epsom Derby tomorrow but is expected to watch it on television at Windsor Castle. The Princess Royal is expected to attend, representing her mother." READ MORE: Kate and Meghan caught in VERY frosty reunion seated metres apart  The 96-year-old pulled out of the Jubilee thanksgiving service this morning after experiencing "discomfort" during Thursday's events. Until the pandemic, the Queen had only missed Derby Day twice during her reign. The Queen has previously spoke of mobility problems, with the palace confirming ahead of the Jubilee that the monarch would consider the events she felt able to attend during the four-day celebration. The Princess Royal - one of the Queen's horses - is expected to officially represent the Queen at the Epsom Derby tomorrow. DON'T MISS:Sturgeon praises Queen as SNP MP attends anti-monarchy conference [INSIGHT]Ukraine: ‘Sending your soldiers to die!’ Putin faces mutiny [COMMENT]Terror of Putin's men intercepted in radio call after counter shelling [PICTURES] Derby Day will see the Queen's 70 years on the throne celebrated by 40 retired and current jockeys who have ridden for the monarch, and will form a guard of honour. The jockeys will dress in purple, gold and red racing silks, with the Queen's stand said to be being renamed to the Queen Elizabeth II Stand. Her Majesty's hopes of winning the Derby ended earlier as her only runner was pulled out of a race. Another of her horses Reach For The Moon, who was among the favourites, and two others were withdrawn earlier in May.