Kate Middleton turned heads at the Royal Variety Performance in 2014 wearing a black floor-length lace gown. And while of course the Duchess of Cambridge is a style icon in her own right, was this a look she copied from Meghan Markle? Kate's dress was the Diane von Furstenberg's Zarita dress. It's a full length black lace gown with a fitted bodice and sweeping fluted hem. It perfectly cinched in the Duchess' tiny waist. The most notable aspect of the gorgeous gown was the sheer sleeves with black lace applique in flower patterns. READ MORE: Meghan Markle says 'goodbye to royal rules' with controversial look Kate paired the dress with a sparkly black and silver clutch bag. She opted for statement diamond drop earrings. As is typical of the traditional royal, Kate went for nude nail polish. The Duchess went for classic makeup, a sweep of blush, pink lip and a smokey eye. Kate wore the same dress to a friend's wedding at Chelsea Old Church in West London a month later, in December. She paired it with another black clutch, and kept herself warm with a red and green checkered shawl. It is a firm favourite of the Duchess as she wore it again in 2017 to a gala dinner celebrating the Anna Freud Centre’s latest project. This time she paired it with an enchanting funky silver bangle. But while the Duchess did look radiant in her lace number, she was not the first royal to rock the style. In her pre-royal days, Meghan Markle wore a shorter version of Kate's Zarita dress. As well as being shorter, the now Duchess of Sussex also opted to wear the dress in navy. Attending the USA Network in 2012, Meghan paired the chic dress with nude sandals. As for accessories, she went for a boho style gold bangle.  Unsurprisingly, both Kate's and Meghan's dresses appear to be sold out. Of course, royal fans took to social media to discuss the two looks. @lesclefdelavie said: "Kate all the way." @mayazbom said: "Meghan for me ... love her beauty." @queenashd added: "They both look absolutely stunning! Proud of both of them." @margo.jill said: "They both wear it well. The same dress can bring a different style to each who wears it."