Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp could be searching for a Sadio Mane replacement this summer if the Senegal ace joins Bayern Munich. And Klopp reportedly likes Chelsea forward Christian Pulisic. Mane has enjoyed a sensational career at Liverpool since moving to Anfield from Southampton in 2016. During his time in the north west, the 30-year-old has lifted the Champions League, Premier League and Club World Cup trophies. And in the most recent campaign he helped Klopp’s team win the Carabao Cup and FA Cup. But Mane appears to be on his way out of Anfield after six years, with reports suggesting he is on the brink of signing a three-year contract with Bayern. And that means Klopp might decide to bring in a new forward to ensure his attack can remain prolific. According to the Daily Mail, Pulisic is someone Klopp admires. But no deal is likely at his current valuation. Transfermarkt currently values the USA international at over £40million. So Klopp could attempt to thrash out a cut-price deal with Chelsea for the ace. But if that doesn’t work, it appears he will turn his attentions elsewhere. READ MORE: Gareth Bale confirms Real Madrid transfer exit in classy statement  Chelsea signed Pulisic from Borussia Dortmund in 2019 as they shelled out a staggering £58m to land their man. And he has shown his prodigious talents at times, banging in 25 goals and providing 19 assists during his 115 games for the club. Pulisic hit the ground running after arriving at Stamford Bridge and was a regular starter under former boss Frank Lampard. And his finest performance in a Blues shirt arguably came in October 2019 as he scored a Premier League hat-trick against Burnley. DON'T MISS Manchester United open talks with Barcelona for Frenkie de Jong dealArsenal 'to complete first summer signing in next 10 days'Liverpool star Mohamed Salah 'wants Premier League transfer'    But the 23-year-old has been struck by a series of injuries during his time in west London and has struggled to muster a regular starting place under Thomas Tuchel. And the former Bundesliga star could be open to a move to Merseyside. Klopp is a manager who is able to get the most out of his forwards. And Pulisic might decide he wants to play under the German next season. But he would have to battle with the likes of Luis Diaz, Mohamed Salah and Fabio Carvalho for a regular starting place. Pulisic, who has also been linked with Juventus, has admitted he just wants to be on the pitch as much as possible. “Of course, I want to get more playing time,” the ace revealed this week. “I want to be on the field as much as I can and be the sharpest I can be and fit as well. I think I still got a lot of games, but it’s always something that I’m working at and trying to be regular at club level.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here