The Duchess of Cambridge's younger sister Pippa married James Matthews at St Mark's Church, in Berkshire, in 2017. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were dating at that time but there were no pictures of the couple together yet. Meghan was reportedly uninvited at the last minute to the ceremony. Royal experts explained that Carole Middleton feared Meghan would "overshadow the main event". For that same reason, the Duchess of Cambridge decided not to be a bridesmaid or maid of honour to keep the attention on the bride. READ MORE: Keep bread fresh for 3 weeks with simple food storage hack Royal author Judy Wade explained Kate made this decision to not "upstage her sister". Although Meghan didn't attend the religious ceremony in Berkshire and Harry arrived at the church on her own, reports suggest she was later invited to the reception. After the ceremony at St Mark's Church, guests enjoyed a glamorous reception and evening party. The reception's menu included mini haggis, deer carpaccio, langoustine claws and asparagus with Hollandaise sauce. What do you think? Join the debate in the comments section below  The evening party featured a light show and games for the guests. However, following Pippa's request, guests were not allowed to sit together. Pippa decided to change the traditional wedding seating rule. The new and unique seating plan meant couples couldn't sit with one another. READ MORE: Queen Maxima of the Netherlands wows in chic dress and huge headband Therefore, it is thought Meghan Markle and Prince Harry didn't sit together for dinner and the same happened to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. The guests reportedly loved the idea and no one seemed to mind. Kate's sister wanted to make sure all the guests spent time together and got to know each other at the event. A source explained that was the wedding "Pippa and James dreamed of". "They said all along they wanted it to be a private family wedding at home in the beautiful countryside with their closest friends and family," the source told People. Pippa looked beautiful at her wedding wearing a Giles Deacon dress and a handmade Maidenhair Fern tiara. Pippa and Mathew have two children: Arthur and Grace. Kate Middleton's sister is currently pregnant and expecting her third child.