Susanna Reid is known for presenting Good Morning Britain alongside Richard Madeley on ITV. The much-loved breakfast show host was missing from Monday's instalment and she also failed to appear on today's instalment. What has happened to Susanna and when will she return? GMB viewers were scratching their heads when they realised Richard Madeley would not be hosting the show alongside his usual partner, Susanna. Instead, Ranvir Singh stepped in to host Monday and Tuesday's instalments of the show. Susanna usually leads the breakfast news and current affairs programme from Monday to Thursday each week. However, ITV told Express.co.uk the host was on a pre-planned week off, which had not been mentioned on air. READ MORE: Andrew Neil claims GB News could have 'killed me' They said in a statement: "Susanna is on a pre-planned week off this week and is due to be back on screen on Monday, June 27." With this in mind, fans of the presenter will have to wait until next week to see Susanna again. The star is on Instagram but she is yet to tell fans what she has been up to on her holidays. Fans took to Twitter to share their thoughts on the star's absence, with Annie1971 saying: "Is Susanna on her Jollie's today #gmb." George Singh said: "Where is Susanna this morning? I just hope she’s okay - she's so fabulous. Sensational, lovely Susanna Reid." A Life Is A Life added: "Where's @susannareid100, please? And can we have @MartinSLewis, @adilray or @campbellclaret back? Yesterday's show felt like GB News." Viewers are hoping Susanna will offer some insight into how she spent her week off on social media. On this morning's show, Richard Madeley shut down claims Prince William could modernise the monarchy. DON'T MISS... Susanna Reid absent from GMB as ITV confirm return dateSusanna Reid shares 'excellent' weight loss tip from Tyson Fury Madeley shuts down claims Prince William can modernise monarchy Royal commentator Emily Andrews and historian Tessa Dunlop appeared to discuss the Duke of Cambridge's 40th birthday. Emily, who suggested Prince William could update the Royal Family, was asked by Richard: "How can he shake up the Royal Family given that he's not going to be the king for ages?"I mean Charles is going to take the throne when the Queen finally exits and he is going to be there for a good while I think as he is a heart man."It's going to be decades before William can do anything so this is all a bit empty isn't it?" The presenter also found himself in a heated debate with National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers (RMT) boss Mick Lynch. Their interview took a turn after Richard asked whether the unionist was a Marxist. Richard asked: "Are you a Marxist? Because if you are a Marxist you are into revolution and into bringing down capitalism. So are you or aren't you?"Mick replied: "Richard you do come up with the most remarkable twaddle sometimes, I have got to say." Good Morning Britain airs on weekdays on ITV from 6am. 