The eleventh-hour ruling by an anonymous judge that overrode the decision of the highest courts in the land was an affront to our democracy.Actually, it's more than that. It's a danger to it. If any judge is ruling on a UK case it must be a UK judge. End of.  We left the EU because we wanted to take back control of our borders and enforce our own laws. But this week proved we can't. It showed that the European Council, which has become as bloated, bureaucratic and up itself as Brussels, can tell us what to do with people who arrive here illegally. Of course, we have to protect people's human rights but we cannot be told what those rights are by a faceless judge in Strasbourg. Interesting to note that before Covid the ECHR had a waiting list of 10,000 cases, 1,500 of which had waited 10 years for a hearing. Yet this week they waved this through at warp speed. Justice Secretary Dominic Raab says he now wants to rush through a new British Bill of Rights which would allow us to ignore future injunctions from the ECHR. Well, that's what needs to happen if we're ever going to stop these migrant crossings. This week hundreds more arrived, large numbers of whom were fit young men aged between 18 and 40. And buoyed by this week's decision, migrants are now saying they'll refuse to board any plane bound for Rwanda. Clearly they believe they have an automatic right to stay here. They don't.That's something to be decided by OUR laws.  It is beyond farce now that not one single migrant who'd been earmarked for those four-star hotels in Rwanda complete with doctors, chefs, interpreters and a volleyball court didn't go - thanks to a bunch of greedy, snout-in-thetrough lawyers who pretend to be this country's moral compass but who are in fact claiming millions in legal aid on the backs of these migrants. And they're making the traffickers even richer. They're also trying to foist their political beliefs on to us while unpicking laws made by our elected representatives. And ask yourselves - do they really want to put the traffickers out of business? If they did, the multi-millions in legal aid would stop. The Human Rights legislation that allowed those migrants to get off that plane was the clause that said they were at "imminent risk of irreparable harm". What tosh. They were going to a luxury hotel for God's sake. And let's not forget that while Leftwing hypocrites scream about "inhumanity", it was Tony Blair in 2004 who wanted to send refugees from Somalia to Tanzania for processing and told the Commons he saw no problem. But it's the hypocrisy of the EU that's so much worse because it actually finances detention centres in Libya in order to stop migrants crossing into member states. International aid agencies have evidence that these centres are hellholes where detainees are thrown into cramped cells where many are tortured, children are raped by guards and men and women are sold into slavery. Yet the EU has the brass neck to scream about us sending people to a four-star hotel in Rwanda.  Boris Johnson, Priti Patel and Raab need to stick with this policy. Because not only do the British people want them to (the gobby Leftists are loud but they're not the majority) but also because it IS humane. And those who say it isn't are those who want an open door policy here - no borders at all. Britain can be proud of its record on migrants and refugees. And sending people to a safe, thriving country, now called the Singapore of Africa, is a damn sight more humane than those vile detention centres the EU pays for.  There have been lots of lovely Ascot photos this week of women posing in their feathered, flowery finery. But none has looked as beautiful as Bowelbabe Dame Deborah James. And I'm not saying that because she's dying or because I'm trying to patronise her. I'm saying it because she literally WAS the most beautiful woman on Ladies' Day in her gorgeous polka dot dress and huge straw hat. And unlike the other women there (no offence intended) she wasn't at the racecourse to parade herself or show off, or because Ascot was THE place to be seen. The reason she touched my heart is because she was there to grab every last morsel of life, of fun, of laughter. Deborah has more spirit than is decent for anyone human being to have and she has used her all-too-short life to give us a happy, uplifting masterclass on how to die. I don't even know her but I'm so bloody proud of her. Goodness only knows what her family must feel.  Sir Keir Starmer has been told by his Party that he's boring and has to be more dynamic, which is a bit like telling Alan Partridge to stop being a nerd. It's just not possible. But in an effort to be more "vigorous", he made (yet another) Boris slamming speech this week but tried to trendy it up with references to Love Island, which I'm pretty sure he's never watched and probably had to be told what it was. Either way, he sounded even sillier and more boring than usual (the verbal equivalent of Dad Dancing). Worse, he patronised the very people he's trying to lure back to Labour. Gillian Anderson said this week: "I'm constantly in gratitude, being as ancient as I am, for continuing to play characters that get to have sex on window sills." It's a pretty graphic way to evaluate a career but we all get exactly what she means. She's one lucky girl!  So an NHS boss says next week's rail strikes will kill people because doctors and nurses won't get to work and patients who've waited months for urgent appointments and ops won't be able to get to them. And Labour's reaction to that - a big fat nothing because they're cock-a-hoop about the strikes hurting Boris. They don't give a stuff about the real victims here because they're terrified of upsetting the unions who pay tens of thousands of pounds into party coffers. So it's stuff the zero hours workers, stuff the docs and nurses and stuff the sick people who won't get their ops. Labour's only interest here is self-interest. Shame on the lot of them! The Scottish NHS said on its website this week that eunuchs should be recognised as a formal gender identity. What? They thought they'd recognise the barbaric practice of castration which for centuries was used to abuse young men? Clearly the woke moron(s) behind this have no idea what a eunuch is but thought they'd try to look "progressive". A eunuch is "a man who has been castrated and employed to guard the women's living areas at an oriental court". I'm wondering how many of those they thought would be knocking around in Scotland's 5.4 million population? Lenny Henry has hauled himself, yet again, on to the woke "all black people are victims" bandwagon to tell us that the Glastonbury music fesival is too white. "I'm always surprised by the lack of brown and black faces at festivals," he says. "I think 'Wow that's still very much a dominant culture thing'." No, it isn't you idiot. It's black and brown people exercising their right not to buy a ticket to Glastonbury. No one stops them going. They just don't want to. And bearing in mind only three percent of the population is black and 6.9 percent Asian there's bound to be fewer of them in the crowd. Henry (the unfunniest "comic" on the planet) is the one with the "colour" problem here. Let's not forget he's the man who sneered about white celebrities helping raise money for Comic Relief. He's also the man who, when he was starting his career, took the mickey out of black people when he appeared on The Black AndWhite Minstrel Show and did mortifying impressions of Trevor McDonald. What he's doing here is trying to create a race issue when there isn't one. It's hateful, it's divisive and it's full-on race baiting. And he's not fooling anyone by pretending otherwise