Earlier this month, the BBC gave extensive coverage to the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebration which took place over four days. Viewers tuned in to watch Queen Elizabeth II and the Royal Family wave to the crowds from the balcony of Buckingham Palace for Trooping the Colour. They also watched Meghan Markle and Prince Harry make their return as they attended the Jubilee St Paul's service. However, according to the broadcaster's official complaints report, some viewers were unhappy with the Jubilee coverage. The BBC stated they received complaints from "people who felt our coverage of the Platinum Jubilee was biased in favour of the monarchy and failed to reflect a republican viewpoint". Releasing a statement on its website, the BBC responded to the complaints, explaining the Jubilee "reflected the historic nature" of the Monarchy. The statement began: "Our coverage of the Platinum Jubilee reflected the historic nature of this event, the interest it generated across the country and around the world, and the different events taking place to mark the occasion. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jacob Gallagher's linked to Nicola King's attacker "We know the Jubilee meant different things to different people. "We appreciate that the Jubilee celebrations weren’t of interest to everyone and that not everyone is a supporter of the monarchy; this is something we acknowledged and explored in our reporting over the Jubilee weekend. "However, as this was a celebration, our coverage inevitably had a positive tone, and in this context, we believe it was duly impartial," the statement from the broadcaster concluded. At the time of the four-day celebration, BBC viewers took to social media to share their thoughts about the coverage. On Friday, June 3, some viewers were angered by the amount of camera coverage the Duke and Duchess received when they attended St Paul's Cathedral. On the day, Meghan Markle, who was dressed in a white outfit and matching hat, joined her husband Prince Harry as they entered the church. Despite receiving cheers from the crowds, some BBC viewers became frustrated by the amount of coverage the couple received throughout the service. Gary Simpson fumed at the time: "For goodness sake, can we not even hear a bible reading without the camera zooming in on Harry & Meghan? #PlatinumJubilee #BBCNews." DON'T MISS...Gardeners' World's Adam Frost opens up on new role away from BBC [INSIGHT]Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe opens up on filming ’traumatic’ scene [VIDEO]Brenda Blethyn admits she'd turn down Vera role today [NEWS] Andrew tweeted: "@BBC STOP FOCUSING your cameras on #MeghanMarkle she deserves no more publicity especially public money funded is as the #BBC." While Simon raged: "Lovely service for her majesty, shame today will turn into the Harry & Meghan show they should have stayed away." (sic) The final day of the Platinum Jubilee concluded with a concert titled Party at the Palace. The event saw performances from the likes of Sir Rod Stewart, Diversity and Diana Ross. Elton John, who couldn't be there in person, also wowed the crowds with a hologram performance. However, it seems viewers were also unhappy with the concert, with many airing their views at the time. Some picked issue with the fact Diana Ross closed the show. While others were unimpressed by the fact Rod Stewart sang Sweet Caroline, instead of one of his own hits.