A majority of Uxbridge constituents say there is no going back for Boris Johnson who survived Monday’s no-confidence vote that saw an unexpected rebellion of 148 Conservative MPs turn against the prime minister and cast a ballot to oust him. In an opening address to the cabinet meeting today, Mr Johnson said the vote was "very important" because it means the Government could now "draw a line" under Partygate, adding: "We are going to get on with the massive agenda that we were elected to deliver in 2019."  But Partygate has stuck in most of his Uxbridge constituents’ craw who predict his upcoming collapse. Speaking to GB News, an elderly man in Uxbridge said: "I think it’s very doubtful that he can survive this. I really don’t. Because he – you know – there’s too many voting against him to be a credible leader anymore. The party is over. It is disunited at the moment." In agreement, a middle-aged woman said Mr Johnson has given up on the country by taking part in lockdown-breaking parties at Downing Street at the height of the pandemic. She said: "I think he let the country down. And at the time that everyone who stayed at home, and they were trying to protect each other by isolating themselves, he was partying.  "And a lot of people, they say vaccination and everything but that’s not all. He just let people down completely because he was encouraging people not to go out but at the same time, he was partying. It’s just unbelievable", she added. While Mr Johnson did “some good things for the country” early in his term, a passer-by said, he later committed serious mistakes that will cost him the election. The middle-aged man said: “In the beginning, he was doing some good things but now he has made a lot of mistakes and I think this lockdown party was the last mistake. For me, he should be – what’s the word – dismissed, or should be removed. But they have their vote to stay. I think he’ll stay for longer or in the election, probably he will not win the next election.” READ MORE: Naga Munchetty says public want to ‘move on’ following confidence vote When asked whether Boris Johnson still had his vote, an elderly man insisted: "Always. Always. If they try and get him out, I will not vote at all. I won’t vote for LibDems, Green party, Labour – definitely not Labour anyway – or even Tories then. No. "They have a mandate to get rid of somebody they don’t like. It’s all about like and dislike”, he said, later conceding: "All right, he does stretch the truth a bit." Boris Johnson was delivered a hammer blow in Monday’s confidence vote but was quick to pivot attention away with "a massive agenda" for change. DON'T MISS: The 3 desperate tax cuts Boris could make to save his leadership [REPORT]Britons split over potential return of imperial measures [REPORT]Vallance twists knife in Boris as pressure mounts on PM [REPORT] He reportedly told his cabinet that "It is a huge, huge thing that we are all part off, to really transform infrastructure, skills and technology, uniting and levelling up across the country, unleashing potential across the UK." Even in case of defeat, Boris Johnson would have stayed on as MP for South Ruislip and Uxbridge, the latter being a Conservative stronghold. Referring to the confidence vote, Mr Johnson said: "It was a very important day because we are able now to draw a line under the issues that our opponents want to talk about and we are able to get on talking about the issues, what the issues that I think the people want."