Those in power at Liverpool are not overly confident of being able to sign Jude Bellingham in the not-too-distant future due to the player's likely wage demands, according to reports. Bellingham has been linked with a potential move to the Premier League for some time and is thought to have no shortage of interest in his services, with Liverpool said to be among the sides tracking his development at Borussia Dortmund. The Reds were reportedly weighing up the idea of signing a new midfielder earlier this summer but changed their plans in order to land Darwin Nunez, who joined the club in a big-money move from Benfica last week. It seems as though Liverpool could aim to bring Bellingham to Anfield in a year's time but may be forced to miss out due to his expected wage demands, according to The National.It is claimed that Liverpool considered the possibility of launching a bid for Aurelien Tchouameni prior to his recent move to Real Madrid, who are said to be paying him a salary in the region of £300,000 per week. The six-time European champions are now expected to wait until next summer in their efforts to reinforce their midfield ranks with the addition of Bellingham or another young playmaker.Liverpool are said to be planning to chase a young player with an impressive athletic profile, which suggests that Bellingham could emerge as a priority target in the not-too-distant future. However, while a huge transfer fee would not pose an issue for the Reds, they would be reluctant to meet any excessive wage demands in order to snap him up. JUST IN: Leeds 'preparing for Phillips departure' and have lined up replacement The wealth of interest in Bellingham's signature is also said to have dented Liverpool's hopes of landing him, with the Reds thought to be internally 'pessimistic' over the possibility of a deal. They are said to have a number of other irons in the fire, though, and could turn to one of their alternative targets when they finally go in search of a new midfielder at the end of next season.It remains to be seen whether Liverpool will eventually decide to firm up their interest in Bellingham, who has emerged as one of Europe's most talented young players over the last few years. Former Premier League striker Noel Whelan recently insisted that a move for Bellingham next summer would be worth the wait for Liverpool rather than settling for a lesser target over the coming weeks and months. "It’s known that Borussia Dortmund don’t let two stars go in one season, that’s not how they operate," Whelan told Football Insider. "I think they’ve got enough in midfield to see one more season out and then get the player they want."I don’t see any point of getting a third-choice, fourth-choice stand-by when you know you are building a squad with the likes of [Luis] Diaz and [Darwin] Nunez that have come into the first-team.“Now you need that next big player for five, six years to take the place of a Fabinho, a [James] Milner or a [Jordan] Henderson. You’ve got to bring in your number one target. For me, that’s worth waiting for in Jude Bellingham." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here