Max Verstappen has defended Nelson Piquet after the Brazilian world champion made an apparent racist remark about Lewis Hamilton. The Dutchman has claimed Piquet, who is the father of his girlfriend Kelly Piquet, is “definitely not a racist” and was a “really nice guy”.  However, he criticised the three-time champion’s choice of words which the reigning champion branded as “offensive”. He said: “I’ve spent a bit of time with Nelson - more than the average person in general - and he’s definitely not a racist. He’s actually a really nice and relaxed guy. "The wording which was used - even though there are different kinds of cultures and it’s probably something they said when they were younger - was not correct. He knows that himself. I don’t think he needs me to tell him what is right and what isn’t. “Let it be a lesson for the future not to use that word because it’s very offensive. READ MORE: Ecclestone insists Hamilton 'should be happy' after Piquet apology  "It can be interpreted in two ways and people pick up on the bad side and of course it gets really blown out of proportion. People label him as a racist now which I don’t think he is, but I fully agree of course you cannot use these words.” Earlier today, Verstappen appeared to defend Hamilton, adding it was "not correct to use these words". Piquet has since apologised for the remarks made about Hamilton on a Brazilian podcast interview back in November. The former Williams and Brabham driver claimed the phrase was used “colloquially” as a word for ‘guy’ or ‘person’ instead of racist connotations. He claimed the remark was “never intended to offend” but admitted the word was “ill-thought-out”. However, F1 has taken immediate action, banning the three-time champion from the paddock. DON'T MISSNelson Piquet not welcome at F1 races as Damon Hill hits out  [INSIGHT]Piquet told damage is done despite apology for Hamilton scandal [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton responds to 'irrelevant' Ecclestone and Piquet [COMMENT] Today, the BRDC also took a tough stance, banning him for the British Grand Prix and revoking his membership. However, Verstappen does not agree with the move, claiming Piquet should not be stopped from being involved in the sport. He explained: “I think it’s better to open a conversation than to ban people. You are not helping the situation by doing that. It’s not helping what you are trying to enforce … it’s better to chat. “I don’t think he should be banned from the paddock - especially as he’s a three-time world champion.”