Dr Ashenden, a Priest of the Chuch of England and author of the Catholic Herald, discussed the Archbishop's plea for forgiveness with journalist Colin Brazier. Since Prince Andrew settled out of court with Virginia Giuffre earlier this year, on no admission of liability, some Britons have been speculating if the Duke of York will return to his Royal duties within the institution. Dr Ashenden took a hard line on the plea, stating that the Archbishop's judgement is 'very poor.' The Church of England Priest then went on to discuss why Prince Andrew had been sidelined due to his incompetence.  Mr Brazier said: "I think you take quite a hard line on this, tell us what you do think of this?" Mr Ashenden told GB News: "Well I'm afraid I do take a hard line, not because I don't think forgiveness is very important, because I think the judgment of the Archbishop is very poor. "It's almost as poor as Prince Andrews was, and there are two issues, one is Andrews... The reason he's been sidelined is for incompetence not because he's hurt any of our feelings. "But he refused to take the advice of his advisers and went... Took a public stand, and failed to show the sensitivity and any sense of what he had done with his association. "And so he's been sidelined for incompetence, at a time of great sensitivity. Mr Ashenden made reference to Prince Andrew's friendship with Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell, both have now been convicted for recruiting and grooming young girls. JUST IN: Platinum Jubilee flypast aircraft: Every plane you could spot from Typhoons to Spitfires     Mr Ashenden added: "The Archbishop has made it worse I think by bringing the matter back into the public space and tension. "When no good can come from it, and by telling us that we all have to be more forgiving towards Andrew, I think is a category error. "We're perfectly entitled to say Andrew has made mistakes and because of these mistakes he needs to take a backseat. "You would forgive someone if they have wounded you personally, not because they've made a bad judgement professionally. "And the Archbishop I don't think s in a position to tell the people of this country, that they have a moral duty to exercise forgiveness towards Andrew. "You know, we don't owe him forgiveness in terms of our judgement for the way in which he's exercised his role as a member of the Royal household."  READ MORE: Sky News host rages at Australia PM demanding Queen ousted 'Should be grateful!'      The Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby claimed Prince Andrew was trying to "make amends." The Archbishop said: "There's a difference between consequences and forgiveness. "I think for all of us, one of the ways that we celebrate when we come together, is in learning to be a more open and forgiving society." As the Queen's Jubilee is taking place this week, the comments have brought Prince Andrew back into the public spotlight.  DON’T MISS: Olaf Scholz loses grip in EU as Eastern Europe turns away over Ukraine war policies Meghan and Harry's feud to mar Jubilee return as Sussexes will lock down in royal fortress Russia cuts off gas supply to Shell as millions of Britons to feel Putin's energy wrath     Many Royal experts had been speculating if Prince Andrew would make an appearance on Jubilee day, on the Palace balcony. But it has been confirmed by Palace officials that the Duke of York will not be included on the Royal balcony. A spokesperson from Buckingham Palace said: "After careful consideration, the Queen has decided this year's traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday, June 2 will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the royal family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen." And a Palace source said: "Other family members will be invited to events. We've always made that clear and they are likely to be public events." 