The transiting Capricorn Moon during the day offers the perfect time to let go of inhibiting thought patterns, in time for the driven and innovative Aquarius Moon tonight to help us move ahead. Synthesize your learnings and use them to forge a new path into the second half of the year, but try not to succumb to the shadow side of Aquarius. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for June 16. The Sun will form a stabilising trine to Saturn early this morning before squaring Neptune slightly later on. Cafe Astrology said: “While we may have accepted and understood our responsibilities early today, we question our purpose, goals, or sense of duty as the morning advances. “If we’ve lacked inspiration or motivation, we can feel it more acutely now. We may be dealing with some disorganisation, impracticality, or a temporary energy drain.” This planetary transit will challenge you on your thought process - do your inspirations align with your plans and goals?  READ MORE: Paul O'Grady urged to move house after finding 'cursed' item in garden  These revelations might put you in a position where you’ll need to confront certain areas of your life you may be comfortable with but don’t serve as much of a purpose for idealised future endeavours. During this period “there can be problems feeling motivated” until we find ways to “incorporate more spirit into our lives” according to Cafe Astrology. Venus will align with the true North Node of the Moon, which can move us closer to connecting with those who can help boost us towards our objectives, goals, or any other self-improvement affairs. Cafe Astrology said: “We are more concerned with harmonising than usual and tend to be agreeable and cooperative. We might make fortunate connections now.”  This could help position you in the best possible place to meet tonight’s Aquarius Moon head-on. Aquarius likes to move with purpose and while the Moon transits this sign, you might feel more inclined to adopt this energy. This means new and beneficial connections can play an important role in the intentions you might set tonight. The eccentric energy that comes with an Aquarius Moon can inspire a free-spirited sense, heightened emotional intelligence, and an increased desire to make a change.  DON'T MISS:How to keep conservatories cool: 5 best ways from an expert [EXPLAINED]NASA launches 'priority' plan to investigate strange Moon domes [INSIGHT]Strawberry Moon spiritual meaning: Inside history and superstitions [ANALYSIS]    Emerald Astrology said the sign is: “Ruled by the planet Uranus in modern astrology, Saturn in traditional astrology, and Jupiter in esoteric astrology. “Uranus rules rebellion and originality, Saturn rules foundation and society, and Jupiter rules expansion and higher intelligence.” Merging all of these aspects together brings enhanced perception, spontaneity and an attraction to the unusual. This makes for a perfect time to act on any philanthropic intentions and make progressive change.  However, be mindful of the shadow side that transiting in this sign can shroud you with. Aquarius's shadow side can leave you feeling cold, unsympathetic, narrow-minded, prideful, and harshly critical. So, if you feel like you’re drifting into this more negative mindset, acknowledge your thoughts and talk to those around you about it. Two heads are better than one and additional perspectives can sometimes be invaluable when it comes to attempts to move ahead. 