The football world was shaken last week when news emerged that Chelsea owner Todd Boehly had met with super-agent Jorge Mendes and Manchester United superstar Cristiano Ronaldo was on the agenda. However, United's strong stance on Ronaldo's unavailability had ended that story before it had barely started. Despite Ronaldo's likely Old Trafford stay, he was just part of discussions between Boehly and Mendes, with other players undoubtedly mentioned. So, Express Sport scans through Mendes' client book to identify four names Chelsea could be interested in signing this summer. With Barcelona opting against making Adama Traore's loan switch permanent, the flying Spaniard looks set to return to Wolves this summer. However, his January exit makes it seem he is ready for a new challenge or Bruno Lage doesn't fit him in his plans. Chelsea could offer him an escape route as they search for new wingers. Adam could also provide cover for Reece James at right-wing-back, with Cesar Azpilicueta's future still up in the air and the club captain more suited at centre-back regardless. JUST IN: Newcastle eye Porto star Pepe as Ekitike backup but fail in £30m bid Marcos Alonso is eyeing a return to Spain this summer, potentially leaving Thomas Tuchel without a left-wing-back to compete with Ben Chilwell once he returns from injury. Callum Hudson-Odoi slotted in at times last season, but the youngster's natural position would suit him as one of Tuchel's two wide forwards. Rayan Ait-Nouri has impressed since joining Wolves, who are understood to value him at £45million. Whether Chelsea would be willing to pay that for a 21-year-old unlikely to start over Chilwell remains to be seen. READ MORE: Raheem Sterling makes Chelsea transfer decision as Blues 'prepare bid' Joao Felix recently confirmed he was happy at Atletico Madrid, despite struggling for consistency since his £114m switch in 2019. However, his agent is reportedly feeling out potential suitors after Diego Simeone made it clear he wasn't in his plans next season. If those claims are to be believed, it would've made sense if Mendes met Boehly to bring up Felix's potential availability. Especially with Chelsea eyeing as many as three attacking signings this summer. Rafael Leao is coming off an excellent campaign, and it wouldn't be surprising if he had suitors, including Chelsea. The 22-year-old forward can play centrally and on the left, registering 14 goals and 11 assists to help AC Milan lift the Serie A title last season. Chelsea could be eyeing Leao in case their pursuit of Manchester City's Raheem Sterling collapses. He would also act as a worthy replacement for Romelu Lukaku ahead of his return to Inter Milan on a season-long loan. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here