Drinking water is widely proven to be beneficial for pretty much anything. And when it comes to weight loss, it's one of the first things doctors recommend to their patients. First, it helps burn more calories and it is 100 percent calorie-free. Water can even suppress a person's appetite if consumed before meals and when feeling peckish throughout the day, therefore curbing the need to snack. It is also a good way to help cut back on sugary beverages. "The first tip I usually recommend to anyone whether it's patients or people I come across is to increase your water intake," explained Dr Cedrina Calder. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "The vast majority of people do not get adequate water intake throughout the day. "Drinking more water helps because that has been shown to increase your metabolism. "It will also help to give off extra water weight that you may be carrying around, too." Staying hydrated is critical if a person is trying to lose weight because it helps the body function effectively and promotes better overall health. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "And just in general it keeps you hydrated," Dr Calder added. "It's needed for all different processes that your body does." Currently, the Eatwell Guide recommends drinking six to eight cups or glasses of fluid a day. This can include water, lower-fat milk and sugar-free drinks, including tea and coffee. The NHS provides handy tips for those who don't like the taste of plain water, and often substitute cravings with sugary drinks solely for the flavour. Many people are unaware how many hidden calories are in drinks and these are all included in a person's daily calorie intake. It's common knowledge that eating over the amount of calories a person burns a day will eventually lead to weight gain over a period of time. The NHS suggests trying sparkling water or adding a slice of lemon or lime to a drink. Or heat the water and infuse a tea bag, some coffee or a slice of lemon. No-added-sugar squash or fruit juice is also great for adding a touch of flavour to drinks.