Donny Osmond, 64, has claimed he was issued a warning by his boss to not return to a Broadway show if he repeated a mistake he made on-stage. In a new interview, the Puppy Love hitmaker, 64, explained that during a Broadway performance of Beauty and the Beast, he broke the "fourth wall rule."  Donny said that his boss warned him back-stage that if he ever did it again, he should not “come back”.  The singer said that a fan in the audience screamed his name and when he responded he broke the "fourth wall."  He said: “I probably shouldn’t disclose this.  “But during the run of Beauty and the Beast, this fan out in the audience said: ‘I love you Donny!’ READ MORE: Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo “Everybody starts laughing - and I’m in character. “There’s a fourth wall. I broke the fourth wall. I shouted back: ‘I love you too!’” he added. He said that he actively left the stage and went to hug the audience member, while everyone laughed and clapped. Speaking to Kevin Pollak on his Broadway World show, the star said that there was something else that he shouldn’t disclose. The stage actor said that after the show was over, the company manager walked up to him and said: ‘Mr. Osmond, if you ever jump out into the audience again like that, don’t come back.’ Donny explained he initially thought his manager was joking, but  he insisted he was just having some fun. The singer starred as Gaston in Disney's Beauty and the Beast in 2007. Donny admitted that his wife “hated the kissing scene” in the performance. DONT MISS: Catherine Zeta-Jones causes a stir over being 'serenaded' by Bono (PHOTOS)Richard Osman breaks silence on replacing Anne Robinson on Countdown (NEWS)Amber Heard 'cleaned up' after Johnny Depp ‘lost control of his bowels (LATEST) However, he said she “enjoyed” it when Belle turned around and slapped him. Yesterday, Donny penned a tribute to his father who served during World War II. He took to Twitter to honour his father who died at the age of 90. With his 205,900 followers, he shared a picture of his dad looking smart in his uniform. He captioned the post: “We should honour the men and women who gave the ultimate sacrifice while serving in all branches of the U.S. military. “Let's take a moment today and be grateful for those who helped preserve our freedoms. “My father was one of the fortunate few who didn't lose his life during the war while stationed in England. “But he did put himself in harm's way many times so we could have a safer life. “I'm grateful to be able to call Sergeant Osmond my father. I miss him dearly," he ended his post.