Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema has admitted he studied Cristiano Ronaldo’s game when the two played together at the Bernabeu, but will not be able to repeat his former team-mate's achievements. Benzema and Ronaldo played together for nine years as the pair won four Champions League and two La Liga titles together in that period. Since Ronaldo left for Juventus and then back to Manchester United, Benzema has stepped up in Madrid and is the leading candidate for this year’s Ballon d’Or, having scored 44 goals in 46 games and led his side to both Champions League and La Liga titles. The 34-year-old returned to the France setup ahead of Euro 2020, and on international duty with his country has revealed how he used to study Ronaldo’s game. "When I watched him, I tried to understand everything he did,” Benzema told Onze Mondial. “The goals, the shots, the passes and the ball-control. I dissected everything about Ronaldo. That's why I can say it's impossible to achieve the same." When asked about his Ballon d’Or prospects, the French striker replied: "I'm having a great season, I think [I can win it]. I was present during many important matches, I managed differences. All this makes people recognise my performance and, then, I was consistent throughout the season." Benzema was awarded the Onze d’Or 2022 prize by the outlet, and when asked if he would have voted for himself, said: “Yes, of course, because I love my game, I love what I do on the pitch. I play the football that I always wanted to play. “The way I play on the pitch represents my vision of football. For example, if I saw another player doing what I do on a pitch, I would vote for them. I'm having a great season, I think. I was present during many important matches, I managed differences. All this makes people recognize my performance. And then, I was consistent throughout the season.” Despite Benzema’s complimentary words on his former team-mate, Ronaldo was snubbed by the players he currently shares a dressing room with as he was not voted Manchester United Players’ Player of the Season, despite being nominated for the PFA Player of the Award. Instead, Spanish goalkeeper David De Gea received the honour from his fellow players. Ronaldo will hope to claim the award from his goalkeeper next season under new manager Erik ten Hag, and the Portuguese striker claims to be excited to work with the former Ajax boss. “I am still very happy to be here and I believe that Manchester United will be where they belong,” he said. “Sometimes it takes time but I still believe. “I know he [ten Hag] did a fantastic job for Ajax and that he is an experienced coach. But we need to give him time. I hope we have success of course because if we have success all of Manchester are going to have success as well. So I wish him the best. We are happy and excited not only as the players but the supporters as well.”