Darwin Nunez has been warned that he may only play half of Liverpool’s games next season as Jurgen Klopp’s side close in on a deal to sign the Benfica striker. Former Manchester City defender Nedum Onouha believes that Nunez could get rotated at Anfield as he tipped Pep Guardiola's incoming forward Erling Haaland to outscore the Uruguayan next season. Nunez is reportedly due to fly to England on Monday to conduct a medical and complete a deal that could become Liverpool’s record transfer. Onouha worries that he may only play half of the Reds’ games next season though. When asked by ESPN who he thinks will score the most goals next season out of Nunez and Haaland, Onouha replied: "I’m going to go with Erling Haaland. That’s purely because I think he’ll play more games. If Nunez signs he might start half the season for Liverpool, maybe. So that’s why I am going to go for Haaland." Haaland scored 22 goals in 24 Bundesliga games last season, and in all competitions for Borussia Dortmund he struck 29 times in 30 appearances. Nunez, in comparison, got 26 Liga Portugal goals in 28 games, and also scored twice in the Champions League including in both games against Liverpool. After notching twice in Benfica’s quarter-final tie against the Reds, Klopp said: "Extremely good-looking boy, eh? And a decent player as well! Really good, really good, you have to say. "Physically strong, quick, plus calm around his finish. When he finished the goal off, he was really calm. Good, really, really good. How we say in these situations, if he stays healthy, it's a big career ahead of him." Answering questions from ESPN's Twitter followers, Onouha was asked whether there was a chance Haaland may start alongside fellow City incoming forward Julian Alvarez next season in a 3-5-2 shape. “There’s always potential,” the 35-year-old former defender admitted. “But I can’t see Pep [Guardiola] playing 3-5-2 with bombing full-backs. There might be a system that is attacking but he hasn’t really favoured that one too much. “I think it would be good to see Alvarez get a chance to play, because he is almost like the forgotten man because he was signed so long ago, whereas everything is like Haaland, Haaland, Haaland. “I think there is going to be a lot of competition for places up there, but we will see how they do and the fact is they didn’t sign him [Alvarez] for one year, so maybe they are playing the long game with them.” City are set to take their look at Alvarez up-close this season after joining from River Plate in January, with the 22-year-old remaining in Argentina for the first half of 2022.