The most recent 54 percent energy price cap increase has made households across the UK conscious about their energy use with online behaviour mirroring this as Google searches for ‘how to save energy at home UK’ increasing by 300 percent, and the number of people searching for how to ‘check the EPC rating of a property’ up by 250 percent. London based Estate Agents Douglas & Gordon have shared five key tips that will help bill payers save money on their energy bills this year. To save the most amount of money the property experts suggested homeowners upgrade their boiler. They said: “Many older boilers have very low-efficiency ratings. “Given their importance for heating your home, an inefficient boiler can significantly affect your annual energy bill. “Upgrading from a G-grade boiler can save a house as much as £300 on their yearly energy bill, amounting to a significant saving over time.” Having a new boiler installed in homes ensure that it is running to its maximum efficiency. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ way to remove yellow toilet seat stains If a boiler is running to its maximum efficiency it means that it will be using less fuel to heat the home. This will help to keep your heating bills to a minimum as the more energy efficient a boiler is the more that can be potentially saved from your heating bills. What’s more, upgrading to a modern energy efficient boiler makes a property more attractive to potential buyers. An easy fix to cut down on energy bills is also to avoid leaving appliances on standby. The experts said: “It’s easy to use energy without realising it, no more so than by leaving appliances on standby. DON'T MISS: How to give lawns the ‘best chance to flourish’ - step-by-step guide [EXPERT]Use ‘pinching’ trick to get ‘the best results’ from your tomato plants [TIPS]Princess Eugenie will stay in Nottingham Cottage as UK base - inside [INSIGHT] “While it might seem like leaving an appliance on without operating it won’t use much energy, turning off plugs when not in use can save you significant amounts per year. “British Gas estimates you can save £147 a year by turning off appliances.” People are spending £2.2billion a year by leaving on devices such as microwaves, televisions and games consoles when they are not being used - which is about two months' worth of electricity charges for the average home. Research by British Gas has found the most expensive standard household device to keep on standby for a year is a television at £24.61, followed by a set-top box from a provider such as Sky or Virgin Media for £23.10. British Gas energy expert Marc Robson said: “With household costs on the rise, there are some actions we can take to reduce our energy usage at home which will really help the bank balance and the environment. “Almost a third of total heating costs in the home are wasted through the roof and the walls and with vampire appliances, this figure is almost half of our electricity bills on wasted energy. “Just switching some of these off can really help save straight away and those with a smart meter will be able to see the impact of this in real time. “Turn it down or turn it off is a great motto for fighting the vampires.” The property experts have suggested a “rule for saving on energy”. They said: “Although it might seem counter-intuitive, paying more to pay less is often the rule for saving on energy. “It’s not worth replacing a perfectly functioning appliance, but when you buy a replacement seeking out an appliance with at least an A rating will save you a lot of money in the long run.” To help homeowners keep control of where their money and energy is being spent, it is suggested that they install a smart metre. The experts explained: “Smart meters allow you to control where heating in your home is being used so that you’re not unnecessarily using heating in areas no one is in. “They are also controllable remotely, which is handy on cold days when you don’t want to wait for the heating to come on when you get inside.” Another option to save on energy bills is to install double glazing as an “excellent” investment. The experts said: “Double glazing is an excellent way of making sure your property retains as much heat as possible in the colder months, meaning you don’t have to recourse to excessive heating as often. “Again, it’s an investment with upfront costs, but you’ll reap the benefits when it comes to paying energy bills.”