When patches of hair fall out, the stem cell that made them generally remain alive. This, scientists have discovered, enables new growth further down the line. But when follicles scar over, hair can no longer protrude from the scalp. Unfortunately, some of the habits we adopt to improve the appearance of our hair could cause scarring that prevents its regrowth. In Alopecia Areata, the immune system launches an attack on the hair follicles, causing locks to shed in great numbers. Often, this leaves patches of baldness that can be reversed with appropriate treatment. However, if alopecia advances to the scarring phases - known as scarring alopecia - the results can be permanent. The health platform Rich Feel explains: “Destruction of slow-cycling hair follicle stem cells is thought to be the main cause of scarring alopecia. READ MORE: ‘Women in grip of a hair loss pandemic’ - expert tips to take control of hair loss “The stem cells are responsible for the regrowth of the lower hair follicle during normal telogen-anagen cycling. “Hair-care habits that include excessive use of hot combs, relaxants and excessive traction can also be responsible for scarring alopecia, especially in women.” According to the Australasian College of dermatologists, hot comb alopecia - also known as central centrifugal cicatricial alopecia (CCCA) - starts in the centre of the scale and expands over time. Although the destruction of hair follicles cannot be reversed, the onset of hair loss can be prevented. The intake of several vitamins is encouraged to prevent hair, but their over-consumption can be damaging. Diets that lack vitamin A, for example, can cause hair shedding, but ingesting an excess of the vitamin could deliver similar results. Selenium is involved in creating and keeping hair healthy, but too much of it can cause nausea, skin rashes, and problems relating to the nervous system. In fact, in some reports detailing an outbreak of acute selenium toxicity, 72 percent of sufferers were affected by hair loss. The key metal, along with vitamin E, has long been associated with hair shedding when taken in excess. Researchers at the University of Surrey suggest overconsumption of these nutrients may create too many antioxidant enzymes. This surplus could prompt the body to attack its own cells, including those found in the hair follicles, which could cause hair to fall out in tufts.