The 46th President penned a guest essay in the New York Times on Tuesday which revealed Washington will assist Kyiv by providing significant weapons and ammunition. A $700million (£555.81million) weapons package, which will be formally unveiled later today, is expected to include helicopters, Javelin anti-tank weapon systems, tactical vehicles, spare parts and more. The POTUS said: "That’s why I’ve decided that we will provide the Ukrainians with more advanced rocket systems and munitions that will enable them to more precisely strike key targets on the battlefield in Ukraine." The news comes after Mr Biden appeared to set at ease tensions between Washington and Moscow over the deployment of American-made long-range missiles. However, Mr Biden told reporters on Monday: "We are not going to send to Ukraine rocket systems that can strike into Russia." The multiple-launch rocket systems can have a range of up to 185miles. JUST IN: US Treasury Secretary admits she was 'wrong' about threat of inflation and economic shocks Russia's Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said on Friday that supplying weapons capable of hitting Russia would be a "serious step towards unacceptable escalation". But Dmytro Kuleba, a Ukrainian Foreign Minister, urged Washington to fulfil its "promise" and supply longer-range missiles. He said: "Every day of someone sitting in Washington, Berlin, Paris and other capitals, and considering whether they should or should not do something, costs us lives and territories." However, the US has received assurances from Ukraine that they will not fire rockets into Russia. DON'T MISS: MH370: Engineer who came ‘closer than anyone’ to solving mystery [REVEAL] Ukraine LIVE: Putin chemical plant strike fills city with toxic fumes [INSIDE] Disillusioned Russian soldier threatens general with cooked grenade [SPOTLIGHT] In his essay, Biden added: "We are not encouraging or enabling Ukraine to strike beyond its borders. "We do not want to prolong the war just to inflict pain on Russia."