Spider (played by Martin Hancock) returns to Coronation Street this week and is immediately reunited with his former fellow protestor, Toyah (Georgia Taylor). The latter has recently been charged with killing her husband, Imran Habeeb (Charlie De Melo), by causing a car crash which led to his subsequent exit from the ITV soap. As she spends more time with Spider in upcoming scenes, Toyah is taken back to her days as a rebel but it could all be part of a bigger revenge plan against her as it seems her former boyfriend wants justice for Imran's death. The drama begins next week as Spider is getting settled living back in Weatherfield but it seems his activist ways have not left him. He informs Toyah, who he is living with, that some other activists are wanting to occupy the Nuttall’s Brewery as the location for their next protest. Although she is still on bail, Toyah wants to get involved with the protest but Spider exerts his concern she could land in trouble. Despite all this, Toyah explains there is a way she can prove herself advantageous as she knows a way she can get hold of the keys to the brewery. In fact, she knows there is set behind the desk at the bistro, where her sister, Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) is a shareholder. READ MORE: Lesley Dunlop age: How old is Emmerdale's Brenda Walker star? When the keys mysteriously vanish, it's not long before the part-owner of the bistro, Debbie Webster (Sue Devaney), points the finger of blame at Toyah. Not believing her sister could have done something like this, Leanne jumps to her defence and tells Debbie Toyah would never do something like this. However, later in the week, Toyah confesses her sins as she tells her sibling she was the one who took the keys to the brewery. Leanne is left furious and wondering whether Spider is a bad influence on her sister, telling Toyah she could get in serious trouble. It seems things couldn't get any worse for Toyah but she meets up with her mother-in-law, Saira Habeeb (Kim Vithana). Having not seen each other since Imran's funeral, the tension is clear between the pair as Toyah asked her mother-in-law if she can keep some of her husband's ashes at home. She is dealt a devastating blow when Saira confirms she has already buried her son and she knows Toyah is back in cahoots with her activist ex, Spider. As Saira accuses her daughter-in-law of being a murderer, it is clear things could really not get any worse for the character. Unfortunately, she might not realise Spider was hoping to get his former girlfriend into as much trouble as possible. This is because he could have known Imran from years ago as the lawyer could have acted as Spider's legal defence when he faced jail time following a protest. DON'T MISS...Katie McGlynn details ‘bittersweet’ moment she landed Corrie role [COMMENT]Alan Halsall weight loss: Secrets behind Corrie star's transformation [ANALYSIS]Sally Carman posts sexy swimsuit snap after battling illness [PICTURES] Although there isn't a family link between the two men, Spider could have looked up to Imran as he was able to offer him freedom. Spider would have told Imran he would have made it up to him one day but after the lawyer died, it seems the activist was too late. However, reading the news and hearing how Toyah was the deceased's wife who was being investigated over his death, the activist could have concocted a plan. Helping Imran from beyond the grave, he could see it as his responsibility to get Toyah put behind bars for a very long time. It could be his hope Toyah stealing the keys to the brewery for a protest which isn't going to happen would be enough. When the police ask Spider if Toyah's version of events are true, he could shrug it off as a fantasy his ex-girlfriend has curated. As she realises she has been betrayed, will Toyah learn the link Spider had to her late husband and will she end up in jail for a long time? The actor who plays Spider, Martin, has spoken about his return to the show in an interview with Express.co.uk and other media. Martin explained: "I've always said if I was asked I would come back. I've gone and done other things. You'd be amazed at the places Corrie touches in the world. "Towards Christmas last year Georgia put a photo up of us when we were very young, a Toyah and Spider photo of us arm in arm when we were very young." "It went into a few of the papers and my mother-in-law who is the oracle of all things Corrie rang up and said: 'Ere duck, you're in the papers,'" he continued. "I looked at it and I got all sentimental and then my wife said you've always said you'd go back and you're not getting any younger so pull your finger out and have a word with your agent. "So I had a word with my agent who had a word with Corrie and there was a bit of toing and froing and here I am. "Part of me is Spider, obviously. So I've always carried a bit of that militancy with me but not to the same extent as he has. "I'm Spider-lite. In that aspect, it's quite easy to step back in but at the same time it's a bit odd," he explained but could Spider really betray Toyah? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.