When the Moon transits in Pisces, the air can feel soft, dreamy and impalpable however, today’s Sun-Pluto quincunx might leave you feeling slight disorientated. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for June 19. Being the 12th and final sign of the Zodiac, Pisces brings a quality that no other sign exhibits. Pisces “holds everything that has come before”, meaning while the Moon transits in this energy, sensitivity is rife. You’ll be more emotionally in tune, and slightly more empathetic than usual. The Moon School said: “We feel more deeply. You may be more easily influenced by others, finding it hard to prioritise yourself because 'you' cease to exist in isolation. “As one of the most empathic and soft-hearted of all the signs, the Moon in Pisces makes it near-impossible not to feel into what other people have going on below the surface.”  READ MORE: Supermoon horoscope: What to expect from Tuesday’s Full Moon  However, despite the healing, empathetic energy it promotes, it’s important to remember your own needs and not offer unending support to everyone who asks for it today. The Moon School said: “Pisces has a big heart, but it doesn’t always encourage the art of fair exchange. “If you’re a healer or service provider, be extra vigilant under this Moon.” Empathy is a gift, but not to your own detriment.  The Sun will form a quincunx to Pluto this morning, which can complicate decision-making. Cafe Astrology said: “An adjustment may be necessary before we can feel that we’re moving forward. “There may be a power shift or a setback that has us feeling temporarily out of sorts or powerless, prompting us to make changes.” This might cause a build-up of pressure, which might lead to more neurotic, destructive behaviour.  DON'T MISS: ‘Two key methods’ to ‘control’ and stop the spread of tomato blight [EXPLAINED]Science breakthrough: Trove of black holes found in dwarf galaxies [INSIGHT]Are garden gnomes bad luck in your home? Where to place [ANALYSIS]    Therefore, Cafe Astrology advises you might need to “let something go” to get ahead with your own psychological growth. Mercury and Jupiter are heading toward a sextile, which is due to form early tomorrow. This planetary alignment will help “open your mind” to “seek a positive focal point” as the day goes on, which is much welcomed after the morning’s Sun-Pluto quincunx. You might feel a rush of creative energy when communicative Mercury and expansive Jupiter connect this evening, making it a great time to focus on any artistic projects if you have any during this period. Make the most of the dreamy Pisces energy before the Moon moves into fierce Aries in its next transit. 