The woman said her neighbours are a large family who own five to six cars between them - regularly leaving them parked across her driveway. She told how she had begged them to stop blocking her in but without any success. That led to her calling a tow truck in frustration, although she said it was the last thing she wanted to do. The woman told her story on a Reddit thread asking if she was an "a**hole" for having taken action. She explained: “I live in a really cramped development that has an access road between two rows of homes. “The road runs behind one set of homes and in front of another set. I live in the back row of homes. READ MORE: TAX THEM! Electric cars cause 'more pollution' than petrol and diesel The woman said that for a while things improved, but that a party involved several cars being parked across her drive, leading her to leave a note of complaint. She said: “They had a party a few weeks ago and blocked the road. “Again I emailed the owner and left a note with them basically saying, next time they will be towed. “For about two weeks now they have been parking one of their cars and blocking two garages. Not entirely blocking, but enough so that the people that use those garages, can’t park in their garage and it basically shuts the road down with a snowball effect.” She concluded by writing: “So this morning they were parked there again and I finally called the tow truck. “I could hear and see them very frustrated this morning as they had somewhere to go, but I feel like I have warned them so many times that it’s justified at this point. “I’d prefer nobody get towed ever, but they don’t seem to care about being neighborly.” In the UK there is no legal right for anyone to allow you space when parking near a driveway. Homeowners are not able to save their space with anything like a traffic cone either. Doing so can be classed as an obstruction of the road and is against the law. If your street uses permits, anyone with the right permit can park anywhere in the relevant zone. There's also no law on how long someone can park in the same space for, unless police think the car has been abandoned.