King Henry VIII was famous for having six wives during his tumultuous 36 years on the throne. Of all his marriages, the Tudor monarch’s union with Anne Boleyn was among the most passionate. However, the couple’s whirlwind romance ended in tragedy when Anne was executed by Henry in 1536 after allegedly conspiring against the King and sleeping with his courtiers. Many historians believe Henry’s wily chief minister Thomas Cromwell played a role in her downfall. “His health was not great. And I don't think he was able to perform all the time, which was really, really a problem for him. “His whole image was, ‘Look how virile I am’. So, all of a sudden, he hears – whether he believed it immediately or not – she's dallying with the younger men in court. “That didn't sit well. That and some other orchestrations led him to sign her death warrant.” Before Anne was put to death at the Tower of London, she was found guilty of several charges. One of these allegations levelled at her included that she was found to have had sexual relationships with five courtiers, including her brother, Lord Rochford, George Boleyn. Another of the men Anne was said to have been involved with was Sir Henry Norris, the ‘groom of the stool’, who helped the King go to the toilet and was one of his close allies. As well as allegedly sleeping with these men, Anne was also found guilty of plotting with them to kill her husband. The crimes of England’s Queen stretched from the year she tied the knot with Henry in 1533 until her trial. Despite Henry’s brutal treatment of Anne, the King found it relatively easy to turn his attention to other matters, according to Ms Vasoli. She said: “Henry, I think, was also a great compartmentaliser. In other words, bad stuff was going on, but he had people to take care of that. DON'T MISS: Queen kept ‘wonderful’ secret from family over the Platinum Jubilee weekend [LATEST]Queen 'deserves dignity' for rest of her reign: 'Don't think we'll see much of her' [INSIGHT]Queen and Prince Louis win hearts as nation's favourite Jubilee royals [ANALYSIS] “So, he would just turn his head to something more pleasant. “And at that time, he had Jane Seymour on the hook and he was getting ready to marry her.” She added: “The execution took place. Henry was not there. He didn't see it. He didn't pay any attention to it. “He was off with Jane. And then, days later he got married to her. “So, off he went on what he thought was going to be his merry way.” ‘Anne Boleyn's Letter from the Tower: A New Assessment’ was written by Sandra Vasoli and published by MadeGlobal Publishing in 2015. It is available here.