Many Britons are dreaming of sun, sand and sea this summer. But which countries are catching the UK’s attention? Staysure found the top spots. READ MORE: Jet2 passenger in tears after being left stranded as flight axed Spain topped the list as the most popular summer holiday destination for British tourists in 2022. This includes the stunning islands in the Balearics and the Canaries, demonstrating that Britons want sun this year. Spain also topped the list of favourite holiday destinations in 2019, before the pandemic. As well as the islands, many Britons flock to Costa Blanca and the Costa del Sol or the buzzing city of Barcelona. Turkey took the second position this year while it was only the sixth most popular destination in 2019. It could be a great choice for Britons looking for a budget holiday this year as it’s one of the cheapest spots. Research from Post Office Travel Money found that Marmaris in Turkey was the cheapest holiday resort this year. The family-friendly holiday destination also has a buzzing nightlife scene to keep the adults happy. taly was the third most popular holiday destination for Britons in 2022 and was the fourth most popular before the pandemic. While Italy’s beaches draw plenty of tourists, many Britons choose to holiday in one of the country’s romantic cities. Rome, Florence and Venice are all popular while the Amalfi Coast or Sicily have some of the country’s best beaches. This year, the USA made the top five most popular holiday destinations. After a travel ban, Britons can now travel stateside again and many are eager to go. Ryan Howsam, CEO and Founder of Staysure said: "These statistics are really promising. “It’s great that people are keen to get back to travelling and are looking to try new summer holiday destinations this year. “Whilst they are obviously delighted to be enjoying the first restriction-free holiday season in two years, travel insurance is high up on their list of priorities. “Staysure looked after its customers during the pandemic and adapted to work through it, so it’s great to see that travel confidence is again building and more people are seeking a tailored policy with us, so they and their families can enjoy their summer holiday knowing they’re protected.”