The Duke of Cambridge is likely to soon step into his father’s shoes as the Prince of Wales, and as a result will assume the responsibilities expected of the direct heir to the throne. However, there remain many more personal causes close to the Prince’s heart which he will be able to dedicate more time to. Royal expert Victoria Arbiter stated: “While others might argue age is just a number, the ushering in of a new decade inevitably allows for a moment of reflection; a chance to look back at all that's been achieved and an opportunity to positively embrace all that's to come. “In William's case, the next 10 years promise to be his most significant yet.” Born on June 21 1982 at St Mary’s Hospital in Paddington, the first child of Prince Charles and Princess Diana, the young Prince was breaking boundaries even as a newborn. He was the first child in the immediate line of succession to the throne to be born outside the home and also the first royal baby to accompany his parents on an international tour.  When his father becomes King, William will inherit the Duchy of Cornwall and is reportedly already making plans to harness the powers of the estate for good. The Telegraph reported that plans are in an “investigative stage” for the estate’s buildings to be used to help those less fortunate, with a royal source confirming: “The Duke is interested in finding ways to help alleviate the homelessness situation in any way he can.” His passion to help the homeless has been fuelled in part by his late mother, who made sure that her sons always knew how privileged they were. In 1993 she took William and his younger brother Prince Harry to visit a homeless shelter run by The Passage and William has continued to work with them as an adult.  READ MORE: Carrie Johnson wears white dress and horses on her hat for Royal Ascot He was named Royal Patron of the charity in February 2019 and volunteered there on three separate occasions before Christmas, preparing donation bags and hot meals for those in emergency accommodation. Speaking at an engagement on behalf of the charity in 2016, the Duke said: “The visits I made as a child to this place left a deep and lasting impression upon me about how important it is to ensure that everyone in our society, especially the poorest, are treated with dignity and kindness and are given the opportunities to fulfil their potential in life.” William’s first official patronage was also for a homeless charity, Centrepoint, which he was given back in September 2005. Princess Diana was also Patron of Centrepoint from 1992 until her death in 1997.  DON'T MISS:Boris blasted by Brussels over hated Brexit deal [LATEST]Brexiteer says UK doesn't want lessons on human rights from EU [ANALYSIS]Police seal off huge area of Liverpool after 'double stabbing' [BREAKING] In November 2008 the Prince gave a speech at a celebration marking the charity’s 40th anniversary, saying: “I feel very closely linked to Centrepoint. “It is a charity with which both my mother and father became passionately involved. “Indeed, it was while my mother was Patron that Harry and I had our first contact with Centrepoint. “Our visits with our mother ignited a deep and growing interest for the great work the charity does for the homeless.” He said in 2019 that he had already begun to talk to his three children about homelessness and the importance of helping those in need. 