During the Platinum Jubilee Pageant parade Princess Charlotte was seen turning towards her younger brother Prince Louis in the attempt to stop him as he was waving energetically at the public. The 4-year-old prince was seen making a variety of facial expressions while sitting in the royal box during the Sunday’s parade in tribute to the Queen’s 70-year reign. During the parade, Prince Louis was spotted covering his face with his hands as well as making a face at his mother, the Duchess of Cambridge, and sucking his thumb. The youngest brother was sitting between Prince George and Princess Charlotte, along with their grandparents Prince Charles and Duchess of Cornwall Camilla. During the parade, Prince Louis was seen moving around and heading next to his mother who was sitting next to Princess Charlotte. As Prince Louis started waving at the public and the parade, Princess Charlotte appeared to turn towards her brother and scold him in the attempt to stop him. After standing on his chair and appearing to throw a cushion, the Duchess of Cambridge was seen taking him outside. When Prince Louis returned to attend the parade, the 4-year-old son of the Prince William and Kate Middleton approached his grandfather Prince Charles and sat on his laps. The video, gone viral on Twitter, was commented with the caption: “Princess Charlotte had enough!” A Twitter user reacted to the clip and wrote: “She’s so cute”. READ MORE: Harry faced 'painful 19 minutes' as 'reality of new life sinks in' “Another classic big sister move”, another user wrote. “Big sisters love to tell little brother to calm down!”. The Platinum Jubilee Pageant parade, which marked the last day of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, went through Whitehall, before taking a turn at Trafalgar Square and through Admiralty Arch. At the end of the parade, the Queen closed the Jubilee festivities with a balcony appearance. DON'T MISS: Take THAT Sturgeon: Huge crowds wave Union flags in Scotland for Queen [WATCH]Fury over tube strikes as HUGE paypacket revealed [LISTEN]POLL: Should EU be ashamed for ignoring Queen's Jubilee? [INSIGHT] In a written message, the Queen said: “I have been humbled and deeply touched that so many people have taken to the streets to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee”. Her Majesty said she remained “committed to serving you to the best of my ability, supported by my family. “When it comes to how to mark 70 years as your Queen, there is no guidebook to follow. It really is a first. But I have been humbled and deeply touched that so many people have taken to the streets to celebrate my Platinum Jubilee”, wrote the Queen.