Sky is handing out £100 to anyone who buys its custom-designed Sky Glass television this month. The satellite firm will bundle a pre-paid Mastercard with £100 to spend anywhere you want. Sky Glass – a custom-designed 4K QLED TV with everything you need to stream live channels, on-demand boxsets, Netflix and other streaming platforms – launched last year and starts from £13 a month for a 43-inch model. The £100 giveaway is easily one of the best Sky TV deals available ...but you'll need to act quickly as this money-saving offer expires June 26. This freebie is included with all Sky Glass screen sizes (43-inch, 55-inch and 66-inch) and you'll be able to choose from a variety of colours options. Sky Glass is available in Dusky Pink, Racing Green or Ocean Blue as well as more standard colours like Ceramic White and Anthracite Black. Additional customisation options are offered too, with Sky letting you match the colour of the fascia for the built-in Dolby Atmos soundbar or choosing a different colour to make your Sky Glass your own. For anyone that signs up, the pre-paid Mastercard will be sent out up to 45 days after purchase and you'll be able to use it at virtually any place that accepts Mastercard.  There are a few exceptions though - you can't use the card at ATMs to withdraw cash, at petrol stations, for credit card payments, overdrafts, credit agreements, overdrafts, memberships or direct debit payments. If you're not already aware, Sky Glass is the first ever 4K TV released by the Sky Q makers. Unlike a regular Sky TV set-up, you won't need to worry about having a satellite dish fitted to the side of your home or having to call out an engineer for installation. That's because Sky Glass offers a built-in Sky TV experience that's delivered over a broadband connection, making for an easy plug-and-play set-up. Like with Sky Q, Sky Glass will let you pause and rewind live telly as well as access a range of apps. You can do this with the Sky Glass remote that lets you control all the action on your telly with the sound of your voice.  One big difference between Sky Glass - the world's first carbon neutral TV - and Sky Q is the telly doesn't have a built-in hard drive. So you can't set up series links to record shows but anything that's previously aired on channels such as BBC, ITV, Channel 4 and Sky Atlantic is stored via cloud services. So if you miss the most recent episode of your favourite show you will be able to easily access it. If you have multiple people in your house that want to access Sky TV you can also order a Sky Stream puck that lets you access Sky TV on more screens. A £10 monthly subscription is required while Sky Stream pucks cost £50 each. When Sky Glass first launched Express.co.uk were lucky enough to get our hands on it to put it through its paces. If you want to know our verdict then make sure you read our full Sky Glass review. 