The broadcaster talked about Prince Harry's return to the UK alongside Meghan Markle as the Queen's Platinum Jubilee festivities kick off. As he reflected on the royal brothers reuniting, Nick said it can "sadly take a funeral" for some family members to reunite after a falling out. As Dermot O'Leary and Alison Hammond discussed the highly-anticipated return on This Morning, Nick also said it should be seen by the public as "a positive thing".  "Harry and Meghan vowed to keep the UK appearances simple," Dermot explained. "Harry and Meghan will land in the UK today ahead of the Jubilee celebrations. "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex how vowed to keep their appearance strictly limited not to overshadow the Queen. "I mean, the fact we are even talking about this, the appetite is there, right?" READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show "Let's be honest about this," radio host Nick, 63, commented. "Most families have rows, a lot of your viewers now sadly will have had bust-ups within their own families with loved ones. "Sometimes it takes a wedding, sometimes, sadly, it might even take a funeral to start bringing factions, for want of a better word, together. "If this is the moment where quite rightly the Queen can actually set eyes on her two great-grandchildren, why can that not be seen as a positive?  "The fact it might take a Platinum Jubilee? Well, that's not a problem. "The fact that we might now move on and turn the page, I think a lot of people find very welcome." Alison replied: "I'd like to see them all on the balcony, just you know as family. "Let's just get on the balcony and do our thing, I wish we could just unite as a country. That would be really really nice." DON'T MISS... EastEnders icon opens up on pain of June Brown’s death [LATEST]Carol Kirkwood shares details of three meetings with Queen [VIDEO]BBC Breakfast viewers blast 'car crash' Dominic Raab interview [REACTION] She added: "Talking about the Queen, apparently there was an emergency landing with a plane they were on, it was going to land and apparently there was an electrical storm. "But apparently she was absolutely unfazed. She had an emergency stop but you know what? She was fine." It comes as the nation prepares to celebrate ahead of the first Bank Holiday tomorrow which will mark the start of the jubilee celebrations. There was speculation about whether Harry and Meghan would miss the milestone event, but it was announced recently they would be making an appearance. In a shock move, the pair made the decision to step down as senior working royals in 2020. They now live in the US with their two young children, Archie and Lilibet, who will turn one over the Jubilee weekend. The This Morning debate came as guests speculated over Harry and William's reportedly rocky relationship. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.