Former BBC Breakfast presenter Dan Walker announced he was leaving the broadcaster back in March to pursue new opportunities on Channel 5. Since his departure last month, BBC bosses have reportedly been battling it out to find an adequate replacement for Dan. Now a BBC source has "confirmed" the staff have been left feeling uneasy as bosses seemed to make a "hasty" decision to make Jon Kay a permanent replacement. The deadline for applications for Dan's job closed on May 24, and interviews have been underway with no official replacement having been announced. However, according to a BBC source who exclusively spoke to the Daily Star, the staff had been left feeling "awkward" surrounding the decision. They admitted: "Much as everyone thinks Jon Kay is the heir apparent for Dan's job, there has been some uneasiness that the 'header' picture for the official BBC Breakfast Twitter account has been changed in the last few days (while the process is still ongoing) to include Jon as one of the four main stars. "It's perhaps fair enough as he has been part of the 'family' for months, but some of those within the BBC are still vying for the job and feel it's now already been decided." READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen They added some candidates thinks bosses could have "waited a few more weeks" before changing promo material. The source continued: "There is a bit of awkwardness that the bosses have put Jon in this situation. "He is well-liked, but there's a feeling they've been a bit hasty and now it looks like a done deal before the process has even got going. "Jon Kay is very popular in the newsroom, but the process to replace Dan is still ongoing with a few weeks left, apparently." According to reports, interviews for the role are yet to take place and there has been a "huge number of applicants". The BBC confirmed to Express.co.uk they are still looking for Dan's replacement, which will be announced in due course. The speculation comes as the BBC Breakfast official Twitter header picture includes Naga Munchetty, Charlie Stayt, Sally Nugent and Jon Kay. Jon has been part of the breakfast team since 2020 and would often fill in for Dan or co-star Charlie Stayt when they were unavailable. DON'T MISS...Bargain Hunt’s Caroline shares £2 item which sold for thousands [INSIGHT]'What right does she have?' Fergie's support for Prince Andrew slammed [LATST]Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen lands new project  [MORE] He has been presenting alongside Sally since Dan's departure on May 17, leaving viewers unsure as to whether he would take up the position on the red sofa permanently. On Tuesday, June 7, Dan debuted his new job on Channel 5 and which saw a massive success as viewing figures were boosted by 70 percent. Speaking about his decision to leave the BBC for Channel 5, Dan told Radio Times: "I'm not going to go to Channel 5, look around and go, 'Ha ha – BBC, look at what you could have had.' “That's not in my mind at all because I still want to work at the BBC. I just love a new challenge, and Channel 5 came along at just the right time for me." His debut on Channel 5 was met with praise from his breakfast viewers who had tuned in to see how he did. @Shel66817148 tweeted: "Woot woot and you are BACK! So nice to see you again mate. Good luck." @1011cheryl commented: "Excellent! Good luck, what a day to start!" @ChrisTwaddle joked: "Seeing @mrdanwalker on T.V. at 5.00pm instead of 6.00am is a massive head wobble!" (sic) BBC Breakfast airs everyday from 6am on BBC One.