Netflix’s all-new reality series Snowflake Mountain landed on screens this week and took viewers by storm after it saw 10 contestants attempt to survive the wilderness. As fans tuned in, many took to social media with complaints about the conditions provided for the spoiled millennials.  Snowflake Mountain focused on a group of young adults who were thrust into the wilderness to learn independence and survival skills. They were sent into the survival retreat by friends and family who believed it was time they learnt how to stand on their own two feet. Over the course of the eight-part series, they would be forced to learn vital life skills without their parents, friends, home comforts and internet. While the series promised entertainment, many viewers were left disappointed after they noticed the show went easy on the contestants. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret As the series progressed, the youngsters would be forced to face new challenges, which included lessons on how to skin a deer and how to make a fire. They also had to swim across the lake to collect a bag of food, to gain a chance of winning the $50,000 cash prize. This series was a huge surprise for the young adults as they assumed they were going on a show about partying, however, it was a complete set-up organised by their family. As a result, many of them hadn’t packed appropriately for the harsh weather and terrains they would soon experience.  Despite the eventual hardship the contestants would come across, viewers took to Twitter to blast the show for the living conditions provided. @Isisgra wrote: “The hilarious thing about [Snowflake Mountain] is that these kids are basically glamping…they have makeshift cabins, beds, showers, a bathroom, and ready made food, LOL what hardship.” A second viewer @Kingof_Munster tweeted: “Snowflake mountain is a glamping trip, I mean a really good glamping trip with adventure games and they treat it like an ordeal, I want that as a holiday.” @SereinaCambell added: “Hard to take [Snowflake Mountain] at all seriously when they're supposed to be learning hardship and survival but in the first episode, there's bottles of alcohol all over their picnic table in their camp.” DON'T MISS...Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe details ‘horrible day’ on set [INSIGHT]Where is Snowflake Mountain filmed? [INSIGHT] Snowflake Mountain cast: Who is in the cast? [INSIGHT] @HakunsanLad fumed: “So these kids get a great trip into the wilderness with tents, food and alcohol provided and hate it. Until the $50,000 is mentioned.” Although a number of fans felt as though the series could have been tougher on the contestants, others thought the show was great. Many viewers were left impressed and were highly entertained after watching the young adults face unthinkable challenges. This included @brotherb34r, who tweeted: ”Snowflake Mountain is entertaining.  “As a Gen Xer that grew up in the woods, it's nice to see these young folks learning vital survival and social skills,” they continued. @Savvymaynard shared: “They need more shows like Snowflake Mountain cause I love watching little spoiled ass brats not get their way.” While a majority of the contestants and the survival experts were American, the group were transported to the Lake District in the UK where the show was filmed. Netflix confirmed exclusively to Express.co.uk Snowflake Mountain was shot near Lake Windermere at the end of May and into early June 2021. Snowflake Mountain is available on Netflix. 