Missiles have struck the capital, Kyiv; civilians have been targeted and, once again, Putin has shown he cares not one jot about being accused of committing war crimes. This modern-day monster will stop at nothing to seize control of a neighbouring sovereign state – and if he senses any division among countries opposed to his barbarity he will exploit it every way he can. That’s why it’s imperative that leaders of the G7 summit gathered in Germany should stand firm – and, to his credit, President Biden stressed exactly that yesterday. Boris Johnson is right when he says that the war is at a critical point; and leaders must listen to President Zelensky when he talks about the conflict entering a “morally and emotionally difficult stage”. That’s precisely the reason Nato needs to step up its military support for Ukraine and why the West must not flinch from imposing further sanctions against Russia. Any sign of weakness will only prolong the bloodshed. A princely problem Prince Charles has done nothing illegal. Any money he received from the former prime minister of Qatar was not a personal gift, and Clarence House says the cash (estimated to be as much as £3million) was passed immediately on to the Prince of Wales Charitable Fund via Coutts bank. But stories of the prince accepting suitcases stuffed with Qatari money at a time when the Metropolitan Police and Charity Commission are investigating an alleged “cash-for-access” culture at Clarence House are immensely unhelpful. Charles, 73, is heir to the throne and one day will follow in the august footsteps of his mother, whose conduct over the years has been beyond reproach. It is inconceivable that Her Majesty would ever accept gifts of cash in a similar fashion to that which came to light at the weekend involving her oldest son. We urge the prince to prove that he, too, is beyond reproach. Game, set and Pimms Wimbledon starts today – and the crowds will be back in force just as they were before the pandemic. Sir Andy Murray has confirmed that he will play following some recovery from his various injuries and Emma Raducanu says she is fit enough to challenge for the women’s trophy. It will be a tall order for both of them but, clearly, there are several other British players for whom this could be a promising Wimbledon. And, as ever, the tournament itself will be an undisputed winner. So roll out the strawberries, pour the Pimms – and let play begin.