We are unlikely to ever see its like again and the milestone for the nation as well as our 96-year-old monarch prompted a reflective mood at Windsor Castle and in Westminster last night. In a characteristically short but touching message to the nation and Commonwealth, the Queen highlighted seventy years of achievement. But she also sent a message to her people, making a distinct point to look forward to a bright future for Britain as millions prepared to party in her honour over the next four days. The Queen thanked her people for their support and welcomed the prospect of communities coming together to create happy memories for those taking part in more than 200,000 street parties and other jubilee events in bunting-festooned neighbourhoods across the UK. In her brief message, she said: “Thank you to everyone who has been involved in convening communities, families, neighbours and friends to mark my Platinum Jubilee, in the United Kingdom and across the Commonwealth. I know that many happy memories will be created at these festive occasions. “I continue to be inspired by the goodwill shown to me, and hope that the coming days will provide an opportunity to reflect on all that has been achieved during the last 70 years, as we look to the future with confidence and enthusiasm.” Buckingham Palace unveiled a new official Jubilee photographic portrait of her to mark the occasion last night. It showed the monarch looking contented and happy at Windsor Castle, the royal residence she has made her permanent home since the COVID-19 pandemic. She was pictured by photographer Ranald Mackechnie sitting on a cushioned window seat in the Victoria Vestibule - part of her private apartments - with the 952-year-old castle’s famous Round Tower visible in the distance. The Queen was wearing a dusky dove blue Angela Kelly coat of wool Charmelaine embellished with pearl and diamante trim around the neckline and cascading down the front for the photo session on May 25 with Mackechnie, a Canterbury-based portrait photographer. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 **  He has worked with the Queen before, notably taking an historic image of four generations of the Royal Family featuring the monarch, Prince Charles, the Duke of Cambridge, and Prince George for a set of stamps in 2016. Up to a billion people around the world are expected to watch some of the celebrations on television over the four-day bank holiday weekend. They kick off this morning with the Queen’s Official Birthday Parade, Trooping the Colour, a military spectacle at Horse Guards Parade involving more than 1,500 troops and 350 horses from the Household Division. The Queen, who is pacing herself, will not take part in the ceremony but will come out on to the Buckingham Palace balcony to take the salute from the returning troops and later to watch a fly past. Her disgraced son Prince Andrew will not be there, an absence that for all the grief he has caused the Queen will sting. But there will be a big turn out from her family at the parade ground, where Prince Charles, supported by the Duke of Cambridge and Princess Anne and all on horseback, will play major roles, watched by thousands. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, still estranged from the Cambridges and other members of the family after a rift stretching back several years, will be at the Trooping, watching the ceremony with a large contingent of royals in the Major General’s office, once used by the Duke of Wellington, overlooking Horse Guards.  Harry and Meghan, who are also expected to attend a national service of thanksgiving for the Queen’s reign at St Paul’s Cathedral tomorrow (Friday) have not been invited to take part in the traditional royal carriage procession to Trooping but may return with the rest of the family to the palace after the ceremony today. But their trip across the Atlantic will raise hope of some sort of peace and will give the Queen a chance to meet her grandaughter for the first time. Members of the Royal Family who will travel to Trooping in the traditional carriage procession include the Duchess of Cornwall, Duchess of Cambridge, Earl and Countess of Wessex and their children Lady Louise Windsor and Viscount Severn. The Duke and Duchess of Gloucester and Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence will also arrive at Horse Guards Parade in a horse-drawn carriage. Lord Snowdon and his sister Lady Sarah Chatto, the children of the Queen’s late sister Princess Margaret, have been invited to the event with their families and will join the monarch’s grandchildren and possibly some of her great grandchildren to watch. This evening, more than 3,000 beacons, a British tradition, will be set ablaze across the UK and the Commonwealth. Palace officials announced yesterday that the Queen will lead the lighting of the Principal Platinum Jubilee Beacon at Windsor Castle. She will take part in a special dual ceremony with the Duke of Cambridge, who will represent her at the principal beacon in central London, a lighting installation involving the Queen’s Green Canopy Tree of Trees sculpture at Buckingham Palace.  There will be no ceremonial journey in a carriage to the service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral for the Queen tomorrow. But she is currently expected to attend. Aides believe she is likely to miss the Derby at Epsom on Saturday, choosing instead to spend time with her family at Windsor, where Harry and Meghan will be celebrating their daughter Lilibet’s first birthday. In the evening, the BBC’s Party at the Palace - set on three stages in front of Buckingham Palace - will entertain a live crowd of 22,000 people and a television audience of millions. The line-up includes Diana Ross, Queen + Adam Lambert, Sir Elton John, Sir Rod Stewart, Alicia Keys, Nile Rodgers, Andrea Bocelli, Duran Duran, Bond composer Hans Zimmer, Ella Eyre, Craig David, Mabel, Elbow and George Ezra. Charles and William are expected to deliver public tributes at the concert to the Queen, who is due to be watching on television from Windsor.  On Sunday, millions will gather for patriotic street parties, picnics and barbecues, with more than 85,000 Big Jubilee Lunches held across the UK. The finale is the Jubilee Pageant through the streets of London, with a cast of 6,000 performers and close to 200 celebrities joining the carnival procession. The Queen hopes to make a final appearance on the Buckingham Palace balcony to round off the weekend to see Ed Sheeran singing the national anthem with a choir made up of Britain’s “national treasures”. Government ministers hailed the celebrations as a chance for the country to come together and take stock. Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries told BBC Radio 4’s World At One programme: “Our monarchy is special in the UK, we must not forget that, and I think the future looks great and the Commonwealth is stronger than it has ever been and I believe so is the monarchy.” She said the jubilee celebrations provided an opportunity for people to “relax a bit and have some fun” after “a terrible two years with Covid. She added: “I see a nation of people who have been through Covid and have been through what was a dreadful time for all of us and I see a nation that is healing and looking forwards.”  Princess Eugenie has paid a moving personal tribute to her “grannie” the Queen on the eve of the monarch’s historic Platinum Jubilee celebrations, writes Laura Elston. Eugenie, writing in The Spectator, said she hoped her one-year-old son August would grow to have the Queen’s “patience, her calmness and her kindness while always being able to laugh at himself and keep a twinkle in his eye”. She described the nation’s longest-reigning monarch as having transcended time and been “a constant rock for so many”. Reflecting on her “own special little family” with the arrival of August, who was born in February last year, Eugenie said: “I think of my grannie and what she has stood for, for so many people and for our family during these 70 years. “I’d love Augie to have her patience, her calmness and her kindness, while always being able to laugh at himself and keep a twinkle in his eye.”  In the piece entitled “My pride in Grannie”, the princess said: “Seventy years is really quite something, isn’t it? “The Jubilee stands as a testimony to a woman who has transcended time and has been that constant rock for so many when the world can feel so fragile.” Of the Queen’s “We meet again” televised address in lockdown during the pandemic, Eugenie said the message connected the nation in the belief that everything would be OK once again. She recalled seeing the Queen and her “grandpa” the Duke of Edinburgh standing, waving and smiling for eight hours in the rain during the Diamond Jubilee celebrations in 2012, “keeping the family and the nation moving forward” as they had done for decades. 