Chrishell Stause is best known for her long-running stint on the smash-hit Netflix property series, which showcases some of America’s most glamorous properties alongside the constant drama of the infamous Oppenheim Group. Now, the Selling Sunset star is taking on a new TV challenge in the next season of ITV2’s Celebrity Karaoke Club. Actress and real estate agent Chrishell will be taking on the likes of drag queen A'Whora and Dancing on Ice pro Matt Evers in the celebrity competition. Ahead of her first appearance, she has revealed more about her experience with vocal cord nodules which has made her performances extra challenging. Until now, she has enjoyed karaoke from the sidelines but is finally ready to take to the stage alongside her famous competitors. Unfortunately, Chrishell was the first to confess she wasn’t too impressed by her performances on the series. READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show “It was terrible because I openly admit I am not a singer, which will be obvious,” she revealed. Even so, the Selling Sunset star still managed to embrace the spirit of the series and ensure her setlist was as entertaining as possible for the viewers at home. She told ITV: “But the goal was to have fun and entertain and I think I did that well a couple (of) times so I was happy about it overall. I had a blast!” Celebrity Karaoke Club ultimately comes down to the performers putting on the best show possible, as the only prize is the glory of being crowned karaoke champion. Previous winners include Scarlett Moffatt and AJ Odudu, while Trinity The Tuck won last year’s Drag Edition. However, there is still an element of competition as each celebrity performer will also act as a judge and vote on the strongest and weakest singer after each round. The two lowest-ranking celebs will then be up for elimination in a Karaoke Clash, the winner of whom is chosen by the remaining contestants. Despite the show’s light tone, Chrishell admitted she still felt the pressure when it came time to perform. DON'T MISS:Obi-Wan Kenobi: Ewan McGregor defends Moses Ingram [VIDEO]Big Bang Theory's Kaley Cuoco shares sad Flight Attendant update [LATEST]Stranger Things season 4: Major plot hole from comics explained [PLOT HOLE] When asked if she felt nervous before her performances, she confirmed: “Extremely! “If it wasn’t being filmed and there was no such thing as the internet, I wouldn’t really have been nervous. “In a group of friends it’s fun to goof around, but knowing cameras were there adds some nerves to the mix.” Chrishell has also teased her first performance for the series, a rendition of Taylor Swift's pop ballad We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together. She admitted: “To be honest because I was just trying to figure out songs that I would suck less at and that one is fun and doesn’t go very high. There wasn’t a hidden meaning to choosing that song.” Although she was cautious to start with, Chrishell has confirmed she’ll be taking up karaoke more often after competing in the series. She teased: “I actually have a new karaoke go-to song now that no one would expect, so when the occasion arises I will be ready! “I have a set up at the house and may throw a karaoke-themed watch party for fun.” After rediscovering her joy of singing, could viewers expect to see more singing sessions from the Oppenheimers when the sixth season of Selling Sunset finally rolls around? Celebrity Karaoke Club starts Monday, June 6, at 10:35pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub.