Mark Labbett, 56, has stunned fans over the past couple of years with his incredible weight loss transformation, dropping a whopping 10 stone. In six months, The Chase star lost four inches off his chest and six inches off his belly, leaving ITV viewers in awe of his success. But how did he do it? Known as "The Beast" on the popular quiz show, Mark credited several factors that "came together nicely" to help him slim right down. When he made his first TV debut, Mark weighed a whopping 29 stone at his heaviest, which was back in 2003. Now, he’s now the “smallest” he’s been in the last thirty years, having shed 63kg (10 stone). Back in December, Mark appeared on The Pet Show in the UK, and revealed his Golden Retriever Baloo, helped him to get into a regular exercise routine. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake “My wife promised me that when we first got him she would take care of everything – feeding him, walking him, and so on,” Mark said. “That lasted about two weeks before she decided ‘Actually Mark, look at your belly – you need the exercise!' "I was walking him around the fields, taking me places... I think he's helped a lot, simply because I'm doing more activity." Not only that, but his four-year-old son Lawrence, also played his part. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Speaking on Loose Women, he said: "The principal thing has been running around after a hyperactive three-year-old in lockdown when the nursery was shut. “I found at the end of the evening instead of going to the fridge for late-night snacking, all I could do was collapse on the bed." He went on to detail his new diet and how he changed his unhealthy habits. Mark explained: "I’m on a high protein diet, so eating an awful lot of meat and lean meat. "As much as I love chips and other carbs, I’m having quite a bit less than I used to. “And it’s sort of became a virtuous cycle, I’m not feeling that hungry, so you eat less, so you lose weight, so you’re not as hungry.” He told the panel that he lost weight "gradually", and noticed his success when he went clothes shopping. "I dropped Xs off my size, from 5XL to 4XL, and it looks like the next time I go shopping I'll be able to squeeze into XL pants," he beamed. "Small things but important things." In January, the TV quizzer shared a photo of himself looking slim as fans gushed over all his hard work. The Instagram post, caption read: "Down to 52 inch chest from 60. "So was 5XL, now 2XL. "Still a lot of work to do."