Eamonn Holmes, 62, took to the red sofa on this evening's The One Show to promote his new Saturday morning show Farm to Feast: Best Menu Wins. However, his introduction did not go to plan, after he interrupted host Alex Jones, 45, as she opened up the show. Alex was joined by McFly's Harry Judd for presenting this evening's programme, which had Eamonn and Judi Love on the red sofa. The pair were doing their usual opening to the show, discussing the weather and topics, before they finally introduced the show guests. Alex showed webcams of Bognor Regis, Ballycastle, Llangrannog and Loch Ness to show the warm weather around the country. As she paused for breath, Eamonn whose microphone was not turned on, quipped: "I've been to Ballycastle, many many years ago. That's where we went on holiday." READ MORE: Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak As he continued to speak, his microphone was turned on and the camera panned to him and Judi. Shocked, Alex interrupted the GB News presenter: "By the way, Eamonn Holmes is here" The studio burst into hysterics as the camera panned back to the pair on the sofa, with the veteran broadcaster waving to the camera. Alex then got on with the introduction, but this did not stop her from making another jibe at Eamonn. As the introduction wrapped up, The One Show host made sure to make another quip at the presenter. She smirked: "Well, we know now who is on the sofa tonight! "Please welcome Eamonn [Holmes] and Judi Love!" The rest of the show ran smoothly, but Eamonn then could not help himself but make a dig at his wife Ruth Langsford. DON'T MISS... Nick Knowles, 59, and girlfriend Katie Dadzie, 32, loved-up at Ascot [ASCOT] Tom Cruise, 59, shows off his ripped arms in tight shirt [PICS] Martin Kemp and wife Shirlie's warning to son Roman unveiled [GOGGLEBOX] Alex asked him about his cooking show which celebrates amateur cooks and award-winning produce from across Northern Ireland. She said: "Viewers will be in for a treat when a new cookery show hits our screens for this show which is presented by the one and only Eamonn. "It's already gone down a storm in Northern Ireland and now the whole country gets to watch it." Eamonn then confessed a home truth about his wife and Loose Women host, shocking the studio. He then revealed: "Ruth is very jealous of me doing these things, I mean when I was asked to do Celebrity Masterchef she just said: "You couldn't do that, I am the cook, why didn't they ask me?' "I told her, 'Well, it's because you're not as famous as me.'" The cast started laughing at Eamonn's remarks about his other half. He added: "She scared me as she told me baking is a complete science." The One Show airs weekdays on BBC One at 7pm.