The news came as joint Russian-Chinese strategic bomber patrols were conducted at the same time as the Quad summit in Japan. Although China has yet to openly condemn Russia over the war in Ukraine, Beijing has called for a peaceful solution to the conflict.  Tension has now become apparent between the two powers as analysts take to social media over the hesitation displayed by Beijing in escalating the displays of circling Japanese ships during the exercise. Danil Bochkov, a Russia-China expert said on Twitter: “The display of Russia-China strategic bombers, capable of carrying nuclear weapons, was a counterpunch to Quad summit in Japan. “But a source knowledgeable with international relations hinted that Russia wanted to go further and simultaneously conduct surface operations.” Japanese media confirmed the story by saying: “The Chinese side hesitated to conduct activities that were too flashy, such as circling around Japan with ships.”  Reports suggest Russian officials wanted to take the message of force further, conducting joint surface operations as well as aerial manoeuvres. What the Russian side had in mind is believed to have been a high-profile military demonstration similar to the one it conducted jointly with China in October, when a total of 10 Chinese and Russian naval vessels almost circumnavigated the Japanese archipelago. Instead, Beijing instructed its military to solely conduct aerial exercises, suggesting China is slowly shifting its friendship with Russia further apart. Although China has called for peace in Ukraine, Beijing has also condemned international economic sanctions on Russia imposed since the start of the war. As a major trading partner with Moscow, the war is having an adverse impact on the Chinese economy as direct trade and global insecurity take their toll on China.  READ MORE:'China communists strangling free speech IN BRITAIN' With an upcoming Chinese Communist Party congress coming up in August, President Xi Jinping is looking to stabilise relations with both Russia and the United States. With Russia becoming more isolated, China is keen to remain a global player on all fronts. Yet, many experts fear China could become emboldened in its attempts to reclaim Taiwan following the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Last week, China stated it full supported Moscow’s right to “security and sovereignty” over eastern Ukraine, hinting Beijing may feel the same towards Taiwan. Prior to the war on Ukraine, it was China that sought closer military ties with Russia, in particular under the government of Donald Trump. It is now Russia that is enthusiastic, wanting to win over China and to punish Japan for joining the international sanctions regime.  DON'T MISS:Putin sent warning: UK's 'three-year secret' finally unveiled [REPORT]Ukraine power shift: Russian forces depleted by 96% [REVEAL]Biden to turn up heat on Putin with $1billion arms package [INSIGHT] China has also shown diplomacy is an important factor as demonstrated in the joint meeting of Defence Ministers in Singapore. Although the language was open and frank, the fact the two powers sat at the same table is an important diplomatic message. Aside from the Defence Minister meeting, on Monday, China's top diplomat Politburo Member Yang Jiechi, held talks with US national security advisor Jake Sullivan in Luxembourg. Many will now be watching bilateral ties between Moscow and Beijing.It will provide important clues about the future of China's relations with Japan and the US. For more stories like this, follow Express.co.uk Defence and Security Correspondent James Lee on Twitter @JamesLee_DE According to one media outlet in India, ties are now highly tipped towards Beijing calling the shots. The Punjab News Express said: “Xi Jinping aims to preserve the Sino-Russian partnership while maintaining ties with the West. “But Beijing's balancing act will become harder to sustain as the war continues. “The balance of power within the bilateral relationship has tilted sharply towards Beijing. “Russia is more reliant on China than ever. “The long-term outlook for the relationship is unpromising.” 