Manchester United should be one of many clubs looking to capitalise on Inter Milan's financial situation as the Italian giants prepare to consider two major sales this summer to balance the books. Much like last summer, the Nerazzurri need to raise some cash in order to ease their struggles off the field while exits will also help Inter bolster their transfer budget. With that in mind, Express Sport analyses four players United should consider moving for this transfer window... Denzel Dumfries There are already concrete links between United and Dumfries, who is a player well known to Erik ten Hag from his time in the Eredivisie with Sparta Rotterdam and Ajax's rivals PSV Eindhoven. The relentless right wing-back has been a credible replacement for Archaf Hakimi following his move to Paris Saint-Germain last summer but after just one season at the San Siro, Dumfries could be moved on. United are in the market for a new right-back and would be willing to consider offers for Aaron Wan-Bissaka. Dumfries ticks plenty of boxes given that he's a good age (26), has Champions League and international experience. Furthermore, he also has impressive attacking impetus and is a player that likes to pop up in the final third with goals and assists. That's what United have been lacking at full-back but the only downside would be that Dumfries favours a wing-back role, over playing in a back-four. Still, given he could be available for under £25m, it's an option worth considering. Lautaro Martinez Martinez would be a game-changing option in attack and United are in need of attacking reinforcements to ease the pressure on Cristiano Ronaldo. The Argentine is thought to be happy in Milan though and he would also cost a pretty penny. United would have to table a sizeable offer for Inter to consider a sale but Martinez's ruthlessness in front of goal could make it all worth it. He would represent a statement of intent that would fire a warning to United's fellow top-four rivals. A deal could well be the perfect way to mark the start of a new era at Old Trafford under Ten Hag. READ MOREManchester United boss Erik ten Hag 'interested' in surprise left-field Brighton transferMan Utd 'make £40m transfer offer for Antony' with agreement anticipated 'very soon'What Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told Frenkie de Jong to spark dramatic transfer U-turn  Nicolo Barella Barella is probably out of reach given his importance to Inter but he is a fine alternative to Frenkie de Jong if Barcelona continue to play hardball. The Italian midfield technician would bring a welcomed injection of quality in the middle of the park, something United have been starved of since the days of Michael Carrick. His ability to dictate play and pick locks in defences is worth its weight in gold. United are really lacking a midfielder that can dictate from deep and Barella could prove to be the perfect partner in crime for Bruno Fernandes. The 25-year-old is unlikely to cost huge money and a bid of £50m may represent an appetising proposal for Inter in their quest to raise funds, although it's clear he is key to Simone Inzaghi's system and team. DON'T MISS: Taylor's Tuesday Transfers: Tottenham's Spence bid, Everton eye Chelsea deal, Arsenal fury  Milan Skriniar Finally, if United want to add another centre-back to their ranks this summer then Skriniar is among the best options in world football. He has proven himself as a warrior at the back for Inter and has been marshalling their defence at the top level for several seasons now. The Slovakian international is a cut above Harry Maguire, although he does favour playing in a back-three much like team-mate Dumfries. PSG are trying to sign him and it's understood he is one of the players Inter are keen to offload to raise the cash required to balance the books. Skriniar would cost around £50m, a figure seemingly in United's reach given their links to the likes of Pau Torres. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here