 President Volodymyr Zelensky announced the book on Tuesday as part of his vow to hold Russian troops to account and to get justice for their victims and fellow Ukrainians. The book will be a system to gather and organise the evidence of war crimes committed by Russia.   Prosecutors in Ukraine revealed that they have registered over 12,000 alleged war crimes which contain over 600 suspects from the beginning of the conflict in February. In a video address, President Zelensky said: “Next week, a special publication is to be launched - ‘The Book of Executioners’. “An information system to collect confirmation of data about war criminals, criminals from the Russian army.”   The President said that this new element would enable him to keep his vow to hold Russian servicemen accountable who have committed atrocities such as rapes, murders and looting in Ukraine. Mr Zelensky said: “These are concrete facts about concrete individuals guilty of concrete cruel crimes against Ukrainians.” The suburb of Bucha in Kyiv’s Oblast suffered some of the most infamous war crimes that have been reported during this conflict. READ MORE: Scale of Boris betrayal laid bare in stunning map – 90 rebels kept quiet   It is where investigators discovered evidence of mass executions as mass graves were revealed when the area was re-captured from the Russians by Ukrainian forces. The Kremlin has labelled the images which emerged from Bucha as “fabrications” from Ukrainian leaders as part of their propaganda against Russian forces. Russia has maintained that it has made a continued effort to avoid targeting civilians during its operations in Ukraine. Meanwhile, two Brits have been captured by Russian forces in Ukraine and have appeared in court in Russian-occupied and controlled territory. DON'T MISS: Roger Gale warns Boris Johnson to face 'significant traps ahead' [REACTION]The 3 desperate tax cuts Boris could make to save his leadership [EXPLAINER]Raab rages at plotters as Boris to focus on 'bread and butter issues' [WATCH]   Aiden Aslin, 28, from Nottinghamshire and Shaun Pinner, 48, from Bedfordshire are being held in the so-called Donetsk People’s republic and are being charged for being mercenaries. The two men had lived in Ukraine since 2018 and had been serving for a long time in the Ukrainian military. The families of the men have insisted that they were members of Ukraine’s military, however, concerns have been raised that the court which isn’t internationally recognised may pass the death penalty if they are convicted. The two men have also been accused of undergoing training to perform terrorist activities and of a violent appropriation of power. Justice Secretary Dominic Raab told LBC Radio: “I don’t know all the details, but of course we would expect the laws of armed conflict to be respected, and we will make sure that we will make all the representations.” 