Jamal passed away back in February of this year aged just 31. Shortly after the news of his death it was announced that he suffered from a condition known professionally as cardiac arrhythmia. Today, posting an update to her Instagram, Edwards gave more insight into the precise causes of Jamal’s abnormal heart beat condition. The statement read: “Since I last spoke, I have sadly learned that the cause of Jamal’s devastating passing was due to cardiac arrhythmia caused by having taken recreational drugs. Since finding out this news I have been in a state of shock and I’m still trying to process it.” Through her heartbreak, Edwards vowed to help drive the conversation about the dangers of taking recreational drugs and the “devastating consequences” they can cause. The star, who described her son as having a “zest for life” continued to say that his death is proof that it could happen to anyone, before elaborating to say that recreational drugs are unpredictable. She added: “We can only hope that this will encourage others to think wisely when faced with similar situations in the future. “His passing has shown that any one bad decision on any one occasion can lead to devastating consequences." Using strong and heartfelt words, the 53-year-old continued to say: “It takes just one bad reaction to destroy lives. I would do anything to have my son back but that is just not possible.  READ MORE: High cholesterol: Cramp in five areas of the body can signal a build-up in the arteries  The Mayo Clinic explains that a healthy heart has a normal resting heart rate of 60 to 100 beats a minute. It is controlled by a natural pacemaker known as the sinus node, located in the right upper chamber. However, when beating irregularly, this natural pacemaker fails to work. There are various factors that can put individuals at risk of developing a arrhythmia, some of which include: One study in particular from Azad Ghuran and Jim Nolan explored the connection between cardiac complications and recreational drug use. They found that in addition to effects on the central nervous system, drugs can “induce profound changes in the heart”. Specifically, the use of cocaine, amphetamine, and ecstasy can cause “adverse cardiovascular changes”, which interrupt the electrical stability of the heart.  Their research stated: “Cocaine possesses class one antiarrhythmic properties (blocks sodium channels) and can impair cardiac conduction (the network of nodes, cells and signals that controls your heartbeat).” In addition, drugs like cocaine can cause the prolongation of the QT interval, which is the time it takes for the electrical system to fire an impulse through the ventricles, or for the heart muscle to contract and then recover. This then leads to a type of arrhythmia known as bradyarrhythmias, which unlike AF, causes the heart to beat slower than normal. Overall, research from Ghuran and Nolan concluded the following: “The abuse of illegal drugs has the potential to cause major acute changes in cardiovascular function and irreversible damage to the heart. An awareness of the life-threatening cardiovascular effects, along with early diagnosis and intervention, is often the key to successful treatment.”  In addition to cardiac problems, recreational drug use can have disastrous effects on many areas of the body and can lead to a number of life-threatening diseases such as heart disease, stroke, cancer or mental health conditions. Similarly to the heart, drugs interfere with the way neurons send, receive and process signals located in the brain. Again drugs like cocaine are able to use neurons to release abnormally large amounts of natural neurotransmitters or prevent the normal recycling of these brain chemicals by interfering with transporters. This then amplifies or disrupts the normal communication between neurons causing adverse symptoms. As part of her goal to try and help young people in memory of Jamal, Edwards and her family have set up the Jamal Edwards Self Belief Trust, which aims to “help those in need, placing a special emphasis on the mental wellbeing of its service users". 