While the Royal Family celebrates the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee a cavalcade of cars will be ferrying the senior members around London, most of which run on petrol or diesel. But not so for Prince Charles’ classic blue 1970 Aston Martin, which some time ago was converted to run on something very different. A keen environmentalist, Prince Charles has driven the car himself to many official engagements but the amount of fuel the engine guzzled was a huge concern for him, reported MyLondon. As a passionate advocate for climate change, organic farming and global warming, Prince Charles devised a clever plan to make his much-loved vehicle more eco-friendly. He had the car converted to run on bioethanol made from wine and cheese back in 2008. Engineers at Aston Martin discovered that their cars could run on surplus white wine mixed with whey and urged the Prince not to switch from the fuel. READ MORE: TAX THEM! Electric cars cause 'more pollution' than petrol and diesel The stunning car continues to be used by the Prince today after it was gifted to him by the Queen for his 21st birthday back in 1969. Prince Charles said: "The engineers at Aston said, 'Oh, it’ll ruin the whole thing.’ “I said, 'Well I won’t drive it then,' so they got on with it and now they admit that it runs better and is more powerful on that fuel than it is on petrol... and also, it smells delicious as you’re driving along." The car was also used by Prince William and Kate Middleton to drive away from Buckingham Palace to Clarence House after their 2011 wedding. The back licence plate was swapped out for one that read ‘Just Wed’ and various helium balloons were tied on at the back. DON'T MISSDriver‘s car completely covered in cling film [SHOCKING]Low Emission Zones launching today - Polluting vehicles to be banned [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of staggering fines for not wearing sunglasses [WARNING] But this wasn’t the only time that Prince Charles eyed up improving royal transport. In 2007, it was reported that the Queen’s royal train was trialled to run on vegetable oil. Prince Charles explained: "It took me a long time to battle to get them to run it on used cooking oil." He continued: "Which actually, in the end, worked quite well." But the maintenance workers might have quibbled with that, he admitted, adding: "They say it clogs up the engine or something." Prince Charles has dedicated huge amounts of effort to speak about the environment- largely through his beliefs in the importance of organic farming. He even launched his own sustainable market initiative, Terra Carta, in 2020. Prince William praised his father's dedication to the environment when he launched his Earthshot Prize Awards last year. The Queen also took the opportunity to congratulate the pair in her Cop26 speech. Making reference to the late Prince Philip's dedication to the environment, Her Majesty said: "It is a source of great pride to me that the leading role my husband played in encouraging people to protect our fragile planet, lives on through the work of our eldest son Charles and his eldest son William. “I could not be more proud of them."