Political commentator Marina Purkiss accused the Government of wasting money. Writing on Twitter, she said: "Cannot get over the spaffing of shed loads of local Govt money on Jubilee celebrations at this time …like looking in your wallet, seeing your last tenner and spending it on a novelty keyring." Another Twitter user, @Amackayj agreed, writing: "It's like looking in your kid's wallet and spending the last tenner on cigarettes". A third, Helen added: "Some odd little jubilee signs (about plate size) have appeared on lampposts in our village today. "Why? What’s the point? Waste of money." TonyT called it "criminal waste", writing: "Worse, at least the key ring would be useful. "The money is just getting spaffed up the wall. Criminal waste." Giacomo called it "obscene", while Russell Brookman joked: "Imagine if there was a cost of living crisis going on at same time". However, Paul Marks defended the celebrations, saying: "It is the one thing that Brits love though - street parties, flag waving, dressing up. "Brings out families and lots of fun had!" READ MORE: Jubilee fury explodes as ex-Labour MP fumes at 'gross' celebrations Another, Stevie Mac hit out at Ms Purkiss, joking: "Well you're a barrel of laughs ain't ya. "Moaning about the celebrations, but I bet you and your fellow moaners will be taking a long weekend won't you. "You really think you speak for the nation. God save the queen. "Hope you wear a union jack this weekend Marina". DON'T MISS: 'Don't give a f*** about Jubilee' Calls for 'Scottish republic' grow [REACTION] Meghan and Harry given olive branch with 'surprise balcony appearance' [REVEAL] Boost for Queen ahead of Jubilee as majority of Britons back monarchy [INSIGHT] Meanwhile, Tommymac591 questioned why Glasgow has not done more to commemorate the milestone, calling it "absolutely embarrassing". He wrote: "It is absolutely disgraceful that the SNP and Glasgow City Council have not planned or organised anything to commemorate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. "Scotland is still part of the United Kingdom with the Queen as our head of state and it is absolutely embarrassing." This comes as the country gears up to celebrate the Queen's 70 years on the throne. More than 200,000 lunches are expected to be held this Sunday to commemorate the milestone. A total of 85,000 people have registered an interest in holding a lunch, significantly more than the 64,000 that registered an interest in doing the same for the Diamond Jubilee ten years ago. Many more last-minute bids are expected to be lodged in the days leading up to the weekend.