Manchester United are prepared for Anthony Martial to remain at the club beyond this summer due to a lack of interest in his services. And such an outcome could prove costly to Erik ten Hag's hopes of bolstering his attacking options ahead of his maiden season as manager. According to the MEN, 'nobody is breaking the door down' to sign Martial after scoring just two goals for United before enduring a lacklustre four-month loan spell at Sevilla last season. Ten Hag has sanctioned the 26-year-old's sale if a suitable offer arrives, indicating he doesn't fit into his plans. After reclaiming the No 9 shirt and netting 23 goals in the 2019-20 season, his best at United, Martial has scored just eight times for the club across the subsequent two campaigns. He now could be United's fourth-choice left-winger behind Jadon Sancho, Marcus Rashford and Anthony Elanga. However, Ten Hag is understood to have accepted that he may have to integrate Martial into his thinking if he doesn't garner any interest. But the Frenchman would likely also prefer to permanently depart to give himself a chance of featuring in Didier Deschamps' World Cup squad later this year. JUST IN: Man Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen with two clubs in driving seat Martial's attitude has often come under fire in recent years at United, and issues flared again after Ralf Rangnick claimed he asked to stay at home for January's trip to Aston Villa - which he quickly denied. During his loan in Spain, he confirmed he requested to leave for regular minutes, something he's unlikely to receive next term. In March, he said: "I asked United to leave because I wanted to play. I still have a contract, but they know what I want, so we will see at the end of the season. When [Rangnick] arrived, my objective was to leave. I told him I wanted to leave, and that's it." READ MORE: Man Utd and Tottenham set for Torres transfer battle Martial should return to United for pre-season on Monday along with the other players who weren't called up for international duty this month. He will meet Ten Hag for the first time at the Carrington training complex and will have the opportunity to make a positive early impression. The report adds that there is more optimism surrounding Marcus Rashford following his nightmare campaign, with the 24-year-old 'raring to go'. There is widespread hope of a resurgence under Ten Hag involving the return of the player producing world-class numbers for most of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's tenure. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here