Izzie Balmer has been giving her expertise on BBC shows like Antiques Road Trip since 2019 and most recently joined the team on Bargain Hunt. She quickly became a fan favourite, with many enjoying the unique items she often finds during the episodes. However, the jewellery expert has recently given a look into her life outside of her career on the BBC series via her social media channels. Izzie often shares a lot of her life on her Instagram page and keeps her fans updated on what she gets up to when she isn't on their screens. She recently posted an image which saw her holding a violin alongside three other musicians, with the caption: "Had a fabulous time playing with my quartet at a wedding this afternoon. "Naturally, any photographs have to be in descending height order." Many fans were surprised by Izzie's career outside of the BBC shows, with user @malcomhince commenting: "Wow, you are one very talented lady." READ MORE: Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting Instagram user and Bargain Hunt fan @salechris praised: "Exceptional elegance Izzie." @botters_baggies19 exclaimed: "What a talented young lady you are, Izzie, and you look stunning." @donjonsav asked: "Have you thought of recording some small segment and posting on Instagram, Izzie, we'd love to hear you." @david_palmer189 agreed: "Nice. Would like to hear you play one day. Multi-talented Izzie." (sic) Not only did she stun fans with her musical talent, but she also recently shared her love of beekeeping. Taking to her Instagram once again, she posted an image dressed in a full beekeeper's protective suit. She captioned the image: "I'm ready for you bees," later admitting she'd love to have her own beehive one day. Izzie recently joined the team on Bargain Hunt and caused a frenzy among fans after they had been calling for her arrival. DON'T MISS...Izzie Balmer: Where does Antiques Road Trip expert live? [INSIGHT]Antiques Road Trip expert Tim Medhurst ’chuffed’ with profit [LATEST]Antiques Road Trip's Izzie gasps as bench makes huge profit [WATCH] Bargain Hunt teased on their official Twitter account: “On tomorrow's brand new episode of #BBCBargainHunt, we also have a brand new EXPERT making their debut on the show! “Well known in the antiques world, who is this mystery expert? “Take your guesses below, and the answer will be revealed later today!” Whilst being a fan favourite among viewers of Antiques Road Trip and Bargain Hunt, Izzie has never shied away from the fact she never felt prepared for her role in the antique industry. Izzie's first job was standing in for Charles Hanson on Bargain Hunt in 2016, to which she explained she didn't have much time to prepare. “I suddenly got a phone call from Charles five minutes before the auction was due to start at 10am,” she told Great British Life. "There were no other auctioneers available, it had to be me. I had to auction the Bargain Hunt lots in front of the cameras. “I hadn’t had a chance to see the items coming up for auction or think about how to describe them. I was completely unprepared!" Bargain Hunt airs weekdays on BBC One from 12.15pm.