On Thursday night Question Time returned to screens after a short break and the panel was made up of Tory MP Chris Philip, Labour's Wes Streeting, Lib Dem MP Layla Moran, former minister Rory Stewart and Tom Harwood from GB News. The 45-year-old Tory MP was responding to an audience member’s question about the Government’s short-term plans to address the rising fuel prices in the country.  As Mr Philp began to speak and said: “It’s a real issue. No question about it. It is affecting countries around the world. “The USA, Germany, France are suffering just as we are suffering as well. I think there are two things-first there are these immediate issues, and what we can do in the medium or long-term measures. “We have cut fuel duty by 5p.” However, before he could finish the sentence, the audience exploded in laughter to which the Conservative MP said: “Let me finish.”   He continued: “The Chancellor a couple of weeks ago announced a £15billion package that for the people on the lower third of incomes, that’s about 8 million households around the country, are going to get an extra £1200 in the coming months. “That breaks down to £650 in July and I think again in October. £400 as an energy rebate and that’s a grant you haven’t got to pay it back now - in October. And the £150 council tax rebate.” The price of petrol saw its biggest daily jump in 17 years on Tuesday with a rise of more than 2p a litre. The RAC motoring group said the average cost of filling a typical family car with petrol was now £99.40 and could exceed £100 as soon as Thursday. READ MORE: Boris' reset ALREADY unravelling - told to brace for 'brutal' summer  Soaring fuel prices have been driven by the war in Ukraine and moves to reduce Europe's dependence on Russian oil. With food and energy bills also surging, many households are under pressure. The average price of petrol rose to 180.73p per litre on Tuesday, the RAC said. Meanwhile, the average price of diesel rose by almost 1.5p to another record high of 186.57p per litre, making the cost of filling a 55-litre family car £102.61. In March, the Government announced a 5p per litre cut to fuel duty to help reduce costs for motorists. DON'T MISS: Royal Family watched and ‘supported’ Eurovision Song ContestQuestion Time: Fury as just ONE woman on panelLavrov fumes at journalist over grain theft claim Chancellor Rishi Sunak implemented the 5p per litre cut in fuel duty in March to reduce the price of fuel for motorists. On Wednesday, the Prime Minister's official spokesman said the Government was “not confident” this was happening at all petrol stations. He said the Government was “continuing to look at all possible options” and “transparency may have an important role to play” in ensuring the cut is passed on. It comes after a Government source told the BBC a plan to name and shame petrol stations that fail to do so is “still in the works”. The Government says any increases in VAT receipts it gets from rising fuel prices are likely to be largely offset by reduced household spending and VAT on other items. 