Dick Strawbridge and Angel Adoree have been living in the heart of France in a 19th Century chateau for the past seven years, renovating and revamping the once derelict building. The Channel 4 series not only follows their DIY journey but their family life as well. However, not everyone who is part of the Strawbridge clan is featured in the heartwarming docu-series. Prior to tying the knot with Angel, Dick was married to Bridget Strawbridge Howard for almost three decades. They divorced in 2010 but already had son James and daughter Charlotte Strawbridge together, the latter who is now 35 years old. Charlotte is married to a man called Andy who have one daughter together. Little is known about their family life as they tend to keep out of the spotlight. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Audrey Roberts to face deadly exit Charlotte followed her creative passions, working as an artist, photographer and musician. She released her first album entitled Breathed A Song back in 2009. Charlotte is a skilled painter who especially loves painting nature and wildlife. Her dad Dick recently promoted some of her artwork on his social media. Dick retweeted a kind message which had been sent by a follower who had purchased a piece of her art. The message said: "I bought this one – absolutely delighted – your daughter is very talented!", and Dick replied: "We have to agree!!" Last month, the 62-year-old asked his fans to take a look at some of Charlotte's latest creations. He said: "After lots of hard work my very clever daughter Charlotte has some gorgeous new products online. "Go and have a look and let her know what you like and what you think! "Could be the solution to any pressies you need to get or why not spoil yourself?? #prouddad." DON'T MISS...Clint Eastwood health: Star's proven anti-anxiety trick [HEALTH]BBC Breakfast host worries fans after rush to hospital [REACTION]Escape to the Chateau's Dick and Angel on item unavailable in France [EXPLAINER] Charlotte has also gushed over her famous dad, taking to Instagram to mark Fathers' Day last week. She shared an old picture of herself and Dick on a boat when she was little. Charlotte wrote: "Happy Father’s Day to my completely amazing, unconditionally loving and ridiculously patient and supportive dad! "I know a lot of people think they have the best dad ever, but I really do. "Love you, thank you for being my dad @strawbridge.dick". Charlotte is the second eldest of Dick's children with James Strawbridge the oldest at 38. James is a professional chef as well as a sustainable living expert and presenter. Dick also has children with Angel, their eight-year-old son Arthur and seven-year-old daughter Dorothy. Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on All4.