Martin Lewis, 50, has taken to Twitter to share details about his struggles with a "swollen face" after his dental surgery on Friday, sparking concern amongst fans of the Money Saving Expert founder. This comes as his wife Lara Lewington, 43, admitted she has been wearing "heavy make-up" to cover up scarring from her electric scooter accident. Martin took to Twitter this morning in view of his 1.5 million followers to share a worrying update. He penned: "Ahhh day 4. I Woke up with an even more swollen face than before (after my dental surgery Friday). (sic) "Somewhat worried I accidentally took polyjuice potion and the effects haven't worn off yet!" Many social media users rushed to the comments to express their concern for the This Morning star, sharing their ideas to help. READ MORE: 'Horrendous!' Bake Off's Paul Hollywood on marriage breakdown scrutiny Mudonmymulberry said: "Definitely get some antibiotics before the pain kicks in!" BigSister added: "Get it checked, Martin. If the surgery was invasive, there may be an infection. It happened to me once." NinjaThyroid commented: "That doesn't sound good Martin. You should get it checked out!" Martin, noticing the outpouring of support, replied to his original message thanking his fans for expressing their "concern". He wrote: "Thanks for all the concerned comments about getting it checked. "Don't worry I'm in contact with the surgeon and was warned swelling would peak on day 3 and could last 10 days. "All is going well, just frustrating!" Martin's health update comes just days after his wife, Lara Lewington, opened up earlier this month about her electric scooter accident which left her with a "stitched-up face". Lara shared a painful-looking selfie, with large red cuts on her head, lip and nose. DON'T MISS... 'Never understood people obsessed with money', says Beatles' star's ex [INSIGHT] Davina McCall flaunts bikini body as she shares ‘diary post’ of trip [PICS] Lisa Snowdon says George Clooney was 'wild' but won't dish on sex life [COMMENT] She captioned the photo in view of her 52,700 Twitter followers: "As an extremely clumsy person, always wobbly on two wheels, the electric scooter ride was never going to be a good idea. "After being cleaned up and stitched up, six days later I’m healing well, and I'm grateful it wasn’t worse. Back on @BBCClick & @PackedLunchC4 this week, cuts ‘n all!" (sic) Lara has tried to not let the accident get in the way of her plans, even attending the Platinum Jubilee Pageant with her husband shortly after. She also posted a selfie last week, with no scarring visible, leaving fans to comment on her appearance. Lara stunned in a fresh-freshed snap which she shared last Wednesday to her Twitter followers. She wrote: "Dinner @britishmuseum, what a venue and what a night. A brilliant get together of the @foundersforum crowd. "Met a lot of doctors (could’ve done with them a few weeks ago - although only a couple are any good at medical treatment), tech founders, and generally interesting folk." Instagram uer Mel.clark.1293 commented: "Beautiful lady and polite. And check you. No scars. Xx." Lara replied: "Thank you, some very heavy make-up has unbelievably managed to cover them!" Lara has been married to Martin Lewis since 2009 and the couple share one daughter together.