The star, who appeared in several children’s entertainment shows including Multi-Coloured Swap Shop and Cheggers Plays Pop continued his successful career into the 2000s having starred on numerous reality television shows like Celebrity Big Brother, Celebrity Masterchef and Dancing On Ice. His death was unexpected, and thousands across the public and world of showbiz paid their respects after the announcement by his family. It was reported at the time that Chegwin predicted his own death, after revealing he was worried following a string of other celebrities dying, but soon it emerged that the star was suffering from an incurable lung condition. Described as “a loving husband, father, son, brother, uncle and friend” by his family, it was also made clear in a statement that Chegwin was looked after by a Hospice in his last weeks of life. The NHS describes Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) as a condition in which the lungs become scarred, making breathing increasingly difficult. When breaking down the three words individually, Asthma + Lung UK explain that idiopathic means no known cause. Pulmonary means it affects the lungs and fibrosis refers to the name of the scar tissue in the lungs. Initial injury to the lungs may stem from conditions such as acid reflux, or lifestyle factors such as smoking and breathing in dust from wood, metal or stone. Although no one specific cause has been determined, IPF has also been linked to viruses such as herpes, hepatitis C and the Epstein-Barr virus.  READ MORE: Dementia: Scientists identify vitamin deficiency that may cause decline - millions at risk  “And I thought, that’s very odd. So I thought, I’ve got to get some nicotine in somehow, so I went and bought some Nicorette chewing gum. And so I was chewing the gum and trying to smoke at the same time, and then, God, it got worse and I can’t tell you I’ve never been so frightened. “And it was like a set of bellows - I could only get them open, like, a third, if that. So I went to the doctor and they, um, gave me some drugs and stuff… “We went for an X-ray, er, coz [sic] he was a bit concerned. Um, but when the X-ray came back, he turned round and said, er, ‘Come and have a look at this’. I felt like a kid. “Everything on an X-ray that’s white is solid matter. And the whole of my lungs were solid.”  When asked by Louis Theroux how many he smoked at the height of his habit Chegwin replied “60 a day” with there never being a moment where he was without a cigarette in his mouth. Although some may ignore symptoms at first, the NHS recommends seeking the help of a GP if you or someone you know has been struggling with a cough for more than three weeks. Any of the above symptoms are not normal and should not be ignored. Asthma + Lung UK note that when a doctor listens to the chest of an individual with IPF it may sound like velcro opening. Once diagnosed there is no cure for IPF, but there are several treatments that can help to relieve symptoms and slow down the disease's progression. For those that still smoke, one of the main measures is to quit, along with making sure they eat healthily and exercise regularly.  There are currently two drugs that can be prescribed to slow down the rate of scar tissue developing in the lungs: These drugs can only be prescribed to people whose lung function is within a set range. If their lung function is outside of that range, they might only be able to access treatment by taking part in clinical trials. For those whose IPF gets worse in spite of treatment, a few people might have the option of having a lung transplant. Transplants are rare – according to the NHS Annual Activity Report, 91 lung transplants were carried out in the UK in 2020-21, although this statistic was affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. Alternatively, doctors may discuss pulmonary rehabilitation to help with symptoms connected with breathlessness and oxygen therapy to help maintain oxygen levels to other organs. 