Conservative pundit Calvin Robinson has slapped down Nicola Sturgeon's plans for a second Scottish independence vote saying Britons are growing increasingly "fed up" with the SNP's demands for a new vote. Ms Sturgeon has outlined plans to hold a second vote on Scottish independence on October 19, 2023. Mr Robinson told GB News: So the thing is if she does manage to get away with it, and I hope she doesn't, but if she does, they should put in the legislation that this is it, there are no more. "Because I think if she gets an indyref2 which she will lose, she would ask for indyref. "It will go on and on until she gets the result that she wants. "Perhaps actually, we should look at a whole UK-wide referendum that let everyone vote on it." He added: "I mean, I'm a union as myself, I'd love to see Scotland remain in the UK, but I think there are a lot of English people that are getting fed up with this question being asked." Ms Sturgeon has contrasted her desire for a "lawful" second vote on Scottish independence with the Prime Minister "breaking the law" by reneging on the Northern Ireland Protocol. The Scottish First Minister said this highlights the "difference" between herself and Boris Johnson "on the big matters of the constitution". The comments came the day after Ms Sturgeon outlined plans to hold a second vote on Scottish independence on October 19, 2023.  With the UK Government refusing to grant consent for such a ballot to be held, Ms Sturgeon is asking Supreme Court judges to rule if Holyrood can hold a referendum without the backing of Westminster. In a statement at Holyrood on Tuesday, the SNP leader insisted "now is the time for independence" as she outlined her plans to MSPs. Mr Johnson, however, argued the UK is "able to have a stronger economy and a stronger country together". Meanwhile, Ms Sturgeon agreed with the Prime Minister when he said Russian President Vladimir Putin would not have started the "crazy, macho" war in Ukraine if he were a woman. DON'T MISSThe three NATO countries that could attack Russia first in WW3 [MAPPED]Putin in pictures: From young spy to 'puffy-faced' President [GALLERY]Woman's terror as home bombed for second time in Putin strike [REPORT] Speaking after the G7 summit in Bavaria, Mr Johnson told German broadcaster ZDF: "If Putin was a woman, which he obviously isn't, but if he were, I really don't think he would've embarked on a crazy, macho war of invasion and violence in the way that he has. "If you want a perfect example of toxic masculinity, it's what he's doing in Ukraine." Asked about the PM's comments, Ms Sturgeon told ITV's Good Morning Britain that "Putin is a war criminal and a warmonger", adding "toxic masculinity is very much part and parcel of that, so I agree with that". She continued: "I also do perhaps unusually agree with Boris Johnson that the world would be a better place if there more women in positions of leaders. Not that women don't make mistakes but I do think women tend to bring perhaps a bit more common sense and emotional intelligence and more of a reasoned approach to decisions."