Beth Dutton (played by Kelly Reilly) was in for a rude awakening when she tried to stand against her father, John (Kevin Costner) near the end of Yellowstone’s gripping fourth season. With fans left unsure if their relationship can be fully healed when the Paramount Network drama continues later in the year, main cast member Kelly has revealed her biggest takeaways from the brutal confrontation. Shrewd Yellowstone banker Beth was finally taken down a peg after her verbal jousting session with John. After realising her father had slept with animal rights activist Summer Higgins (Piper Perabo), Beth rages at John for fraternising with an enemy opposed to their way of life. Later, she sells out Summer to the police by tipping them off about her activist group’s airport protest, and her arrest slaps her with a 15-year prison sentence. John is furious when he realises Beth was responsible for Summer’s incarceration, and his daughter is distraught when he threatens to kick her out of the house. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Chas Dingle in heartbreaking baby adoption twist “That scene was heartbreaking for me,” Kelly recalled. “Beth doesn’t often come up against her father.” Their shouting match and subsequent conversation in the penultimate episode of season four, No Such Thing as Fair, was one of the first major confrontations between the two Duttons. To make their falling out even more devastating, John had just overseen his daughter’s marriage to on-off partner, ranch manager Rip Wheeler (Cole Hauser) earlier in the season. Kelly continued to TV Line: “She’s very obedient with him. So to have him say he’s disappointed in her… “She never thought she’d hear that from him. She’d rather have been punched.” Thankfully, their row didn’t turn physical, although John does threaten to throw their dining table through the wall. Hopefully, Beth can learn from her mistake and convince her father he can trust her again during the upcoming fifth season, which will premiere in November. However, the season finale suggests most of her time will be occupied by ensuring her adopted brother Jamie (Wes Bentley) is kept at bay, as well as her war with Caroline Warner (Jacki Weaver) and Market Equities. DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul season 6: Real reason behind midseason death exposed [INSIGHT]The Boys season 3 theory: The Deep turns against Homelander [THEORY]Stranger Things creators admit ‘regret’ over major death [INTERVIEW] Although Beth’s actions in Yellowstone’s latest season once again solidified her as one of the most divisive characters in the series, Kelly still tries to approach her performance from a place of understanding. “When you have a role that means so much to you, you want people to understand her,” she explained. “So I’m always trying to connect to the part of Beth that isn’t just brutal. In this specific scene, it wasn’t a big reach to find that [vulnerability]. “Knowing that this would be like a knife to her heart, I wanted the audience to feel that.” Beth has certainly been left more vulnerable than ever now she doesn’t have her father’s support to lean on when the ranch’s enemies make their next move. Thankfully, fans won’t have too long to wait before the next chapter of the Dutton drama plays out, as the cast and crew all returned to filming for season five last month. Plus, the Yellowstone saga will continue to expand, with the 6666 spin-off and 1932 prequel starring Helen Mirren and Harrison Ford currently in the works at Paramount. Yellowstone season 5 premieres on the Paramount Network in the USA on Sunday, November 13. Seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Peacock in the USA now. Yellowstone seasons 1-3 will be available to stream on Paramount+ in the UK when the service launches later this year.