BBC commentator Todd Woodbridge has accused Wimbledon of aiding lower-ranked players during coverage of Nick Kyrgios’ first round match with Paul Jubb. As the Australian ranted about the grass being too wet, Woodbridge thought that he was correct and that making the surface too pristine only aids the lower-skilled players. Kyrgios said “stop watering the grass” as Brit Jubb went 2-1 up in the fourth set, to which the commentator agreed with the 27-year-old. “He is reiterating my point, it’s confirmed my point which makes me feel good. That’s the point about making them so perfect takes the nuance out of grass court tennis," Woodbridge said. “Where you have to adjust, you get the odd propping bounce, the one that shoots through into the shin. The great movers and the great ball strikers have that ability to pick the ball up. The ones that don’t, they have made it easier for the less skilled [players].” Kyrgios struggled against the Brit but ultimately came out as the 7-5 victor in that set, but not before bemoaning the surface. "I don't know what they've done here but stop watering the grass,'' Krygios said. “Stop making it slow, please. It's so slow. There's not supposed to be rallies on grass. Stop making it so slow. My God.” JUST IN: Raducanu told four key things to do to challenge Swiatek at Wimbledon The Australian’s match was full of controversy, he launched into a rant at the umpire and called someone in the crowd a “snitch”. "You can't f***ing decide to talk to me in the middle of the point when I'm about to do a backhand, It can't be happening bro," he told the umpire. "They can watch the tennis but speaking and shouting out in the middle of the point, like why? I don't know where it was.” In the next changeover, Kyrgios spoke to the official again. He said: "Has one person today come to see her speak? Why is she doing that? DON'T MISSMatteo Berrettini withdrawal helps Rafa Nadal and two others in crisisEmma Raducanu's opponent fires Wimbledon crowd warningAndy Murray 'strange' and 'shocking' tactic called out by Tim Henman "Not one person in the stadium has come to watch her do anything. I know you've [the umpire] got fans but she's got none. What, she just selfishly walks to you in the middle of the game because she's a snitch? Come on now." Kyrgios slammed his racket in rage due to the crowd speaking during points, and also ranted about racial slurs. "You should just remove them from the crowd,” the Australian continued. "So pure disrespect from a spectator to an athlete is acceptable at Wimbledon? But you don't accept a hat with two logos? When's the line? "That's acceptable, racism is acceptable so when does it stop? So where's the line? It's been happening for years. If they were making racial slurs to him [Jubb] I would say the same thing."