Penny Lancaster has taken to Instagram to admit that she's "nervous" for her rocker husband Rod Stewart ahead of his performance at the Queen's Platinum Jubilee concert. The Maggie May hitmaker, 77, is set to perform on Saturday along with a slew of famous faces in celebration of the monarch's 70 years on the throne. In view of her 155,000 followers, the star addressed Rod's upcoming performance. Penny wrote: "Excitement and nervous for Saturday night #partyatthepalace." She shared a snap of her rocker beau standing in front of the gates of Buckingham Palace while she stood behind him as part of a group. Rod looked dapper in a pair of tight-fitting black jeans and a red and blue checked jacket, white shirt and scarf tied around his neck. Meanwhile, Penny stunned in a printed, black maxi dress which she paired with a blak coat. READ MORE: Amber Heard reportedly plans to appeal verdict after losing Depp trial  She wore her blonde tresses pulled back away from her face as she grinned for the snap. Fans took to the comments to reassure the model that her beau would take the stage by storm. Instagram user tonysargent38 penned: "Nerves? He’ll smash it! Unfortunate placement of face mask though lol!" referring to Rod holding his mask. It comes as Rod took to his Instagram stories to share a clip of himself and his backing singers and dancers rehearsing in front of the Queen's home. The star left onlookers stunned as she attended the dress rehearsal in front of the famous landmark. Towards the end of the clip, Rod removed his face mask to give the camera a cheeky grin. Addressing the Jubilee concert, Rod said: "Queen Elizabeth has given incredible service to the United Kingdom over the last 70 years and I’m delighted to be able to join her in celebrating her Platinum Jubilee with the Party At The Palace. "She has demonstrated to the world what a special person she is and how lucky we are to have her. This will be a momentous occasion," he added. DON'T MISS... Simon Cowell clutches fiancée Lauren Silverman's hand as they exit BGT [INSIGHT]Jane Seymour, 71, showcases curves in figure-hugging red swimsuit [ANALYSIS]Tamzin Outhwaite, 51, showcases incredible figure in black bikini [UPDATE] The I Don't Want To Talk About It hitmaker is just one of the celebrities who will be performing at the landmark concert. Queen + Adam Lambert are set to open BBC's Platinum Party At The Palace concert on Saturday evening. It comes 20 years after Brian May performed God Save The Queen on the roof of Buckingham Palace to mark the Golden Jubilee in 2002. Other stars set to perform include Duran Duran, composer Hans Zimmer, Ella Eyre, Craig David, George Ezra and Elbow. Elton John is also set to make an appearance at the concert, just days after he was spotted in a wheelchair after taking a break in his tour due to health issues. The icon touched down at Leipzig Airport in a wheelchair while wearing one of his signature Gucci tracksuits. After postponing some tour dates, it's set to continue later this month. Three years ago the star told how he was using a wheelchair after spraining an ankle.