Footage shows the RAF C130 Hercules Jigsaw-1 and Jigsaw-2 travelling above Conwy and Llandudno, North Wales. It is believed the RAF was conducting a routine training exercise from its base in Carterton, Oxfordshire. Roll check training like this makes sure crews are "ready and able to deploy on global operations", reports North Wales Live. The RAF said there was a continuing requirement for UK Armed Forces to operate successfully in the low-level environment, as low flying was a skill that could only be perfected and maintained through rigorous training and continuous practice in a realistic environment. It added that low flying skills were used to protect the nation, to assist in peace-keeping and to provide humanitarian support, both on operational deployments overseas and in the UK. An RAF spokesman said: "Both, RAF C130 Hercules Jigsaw-1 and Jigsaw-2 from RAF Brize Norton were completing routine essential roll check training in Wales, such training ensures our crews remain ready and able to deploy on global operations. "Both flights encountered low level flying technics helping to ensure the pilots are able and ready if needed within a serious situation. "RAF Brize Norton would like to apologize to anyone disturbance caused within the essential flight training."  The Hercules is the RAF’s primary tactical transport aircraft and in its current C.Mk 4 and C.Mk 5 versions of the C-130J-30 and C-130J, respectively, has been the backbone of UK operational tactical mobility tasks since it was brought into service in 1999. It specialises in flying in countries or regions where there is a threat to aircraft; its performance, tactics and defensive systems make it the ideal platform for such tasks. The aircraft is highly flexible, with the ability to airdrop a variety of stores and paratroopers, and operate from using a runway or other landing areas. The Hercules can also be refuelled air-to-air, while the Air Survival Rescue Apparatus may be mounted in the cabin for search and rescue missions, enabling the Hercules to airdrop life rafts and emergency supplies. 