Kate, 40, coolly styled it out in a polka dot dress in sizzling temperatures of 90F (32C) as Her Majesty tuned into day four from nearby Windsor Castle. The Duchess had to hold on to her black woven hat at several points after a lively breeze threatened to send it flying. But she was as on point as always in a £1,970 black and white Alessandra Rich number. The dress featured a high neck with fluttering ruffle detailing, a belted waistline and long sleeves. Kate slipped on a pair of coffee-brown pointed-toe high heels, accessorised with a clasped chocolate-hued clutch bag for all her sun-soaked race day essentials. Her delightfully dotty ensemble caused the grandstands at the Berkshire course to erupt when the mum-of-three and husband Prince William, 39, paraded down the track in a carriage on the event’s penultimate day. The dashing Duke of Cambridge wore traditional black tails, a grey waistcoat, top hat, white shirt and blue tie. The pair, who last attended before the pandemic in 2019, left the royal box to award the Commonwealth Cup to jockey Christophe Soumillon after his winning ride on Perfect Power. Meanwhile, Carrie Johnson, the Prime Minister’s wife, watched the runners and riders in exquisite fashion with her friends. The 34-year-old wore her eco credentials in a rented Emilia Wickstead cream dress. The mum of two teamed the elegant midi frock with beige high heels and a matching hat featuring jockeys and horses embellished on to white feathers. Racegoers were able to ditch the famously strict dress code – with men removing jackets, hats and ties – once the Royal procession ended. A Royal Ascot spokesman said: “This is all to do with the consideration of safety and guests were able to bring in soft drinks and water to stay hydrated and comfortable.” The nearly 70,000 punters were also reminded to stay cool with announcements urging people to “drink plenty of water”. Glitzy hats and fascinators helped give a little relief from the rays and some racegoers brought their own fans. Katie Farrell and family had pink hand-held devices, bought after spotting them on TV. Ms Farrell, 47, said: “We saw them on Lorraine Kelly’s show got them to combat the heatwave. It’s my first time with my girls and soon to be daughter-in-law. We’re here for the fun and champagne.”