Royal Correspondent and journalist Camilla Tominey suggested that the Duke of York wouldn't make public appearances any time soon after he called for his HRH status to be reinstated. Andrew was set to appear at the Garter Day service in Windsor but will not be appearing publicly, Buckingham Palace has confirmed. Camilla claimed that the royal would need to prove to the public he deserved to be in the public eye once again. She told This Morning presenters Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield that Andrew needed to "give the public a reason to trust you again". Camilla began: "Is it a good idea for him to be front and centre or at least even if he doesn't try to be front and centre, the press will make him prominent in any major royal event. "I think it is too soon and although he has not been found guilty in a court of law, he has been found guilty in a court of public opinion for making a grotesque error of judgement in befriending Jeffrey Epstein and dragging out this infernal case and it has damaged himself and everything has a consequence. "I just think we need a bit more time, lie low, do good things in private, give the public a reason to trust you again." READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series The Duke of York faced sexual assault allegations from Virginia Giuffre and has vehemently denied any wrongdoing. Prince Andrew and Ms Giuffre reached an out of court settlement earlier this year withouth any admission of guilt on his part. Buckingham Palace has confirmed the Duke of York will not be appearing in public at the Garter Day service in Windsor. However, he will attend a private lunch and ceremony investing new members of the Order of the Garter. It has been reported that the decision for Andrew not to take part in the service publicly on the Garter Day was a "family decision". A Buckingham Palace spokesman said: “The Duke of York will attend the investiture and lunch today but will not be part of the procession or service.” The Queen is said to have made the final decision on the matter. It was reported on Monday that Andrew was ready to "rebuild his life" after stepping back from royal duties to fight his case against Virginia Giuffre. A senior palace source told the Sunday Times: "Clearly at some point soon, thought will have to be given to how to support the duke as, away from the public gaze, he seeks to slowly rebuild his life in a different direction. DON'T MISS...Andrew pushing to be reinstated as Colonel of the Grenadier Guards [LATEST]'Entitled' Andrew slammed as expert calls for role to be stripped [INSIGHT]POLL: Are William and Charles right to block Andrew from Order? [POLL] "There is also recognition that the task of starting to support him as he begins to rebuild his life will be the first step on a long road and one that should not be played out every day in the glare of the public spotlight" The Garter Day was meant to be Andrew's first public outing since his appearance at his father's memorial service in March. He was set to appear at Queen Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee celebrations but had to miss the service of thanksgiving due to testing positive for COVID-19. The Duke has also reportedly asked the Queen to be reinstated as Colonel of the Grenadier Guards alongside his push to return to royal duties. According to The Times, Andrew has been lobbying the monarch for his status as a blood prince to be restored along with the title of His Royal Highness. He has also been pushing for his daughters Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie to be made working royals. A source said: “The colonelcy of the Grenadier Guards was his most coveted title and he wants it back. Having remained a Counsellor of State, he also believes he should be included at royal and state events. “Most importantly for him is his status as an HRH and ‘Prince of the Blood’ and he feels that should be reinstated and his position recognised and respected.” This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.