The price of petrol at UK forecourts has now hit 182.31p a litre, according to RAC data. This means the cost of filling up a 55-litre family car has exceeded £100 for the first time. Some motorway forecourts are already selling petrol above £2 a litre - but the RAC has warned this is likely to be the price nationwide "by the summer", reports The Mirror. On Wednesday, when petrol prices were 180.73p a litre, RAC fuel spokesperson Simon Williams said: "A full tank of unleaded has now shot up to £99.40, moving us ever closer to the milestone £100 petrol fill-up." He added: "With analysts predicting that oil will average $135 US dollars a barrel for the rest of this year, drivers need to brace themselves for average fuel prices rocketing to £2 a litre. "[This] would mean a fill-up would rise to an unbelievable £110." Diesel has increased by 1.48p since Wednesday to yet another record high at 188.05p a litre. While there is not much you can do about rising prices, there are some steps you can take to make your car more fuel-efficient. The lighter your car, the less fuel it will use. It is all to do with how much effort is needed for your vehicle to accelerate. The easiest way to declutter your car is to empty the boot, clean out any rubbish and remove roof racks. Checking your tyre pressure is an important part of owning any vehicle - but it can also improve your fuel consumption too. If your tyre pressure is too low, your wheels will be dragging on the ground and you will use more fuel. Overinflated tyres are also bad for fuel-efficiency. Being heavy on the accelerator is one of the biggest guzzlers of fuel - so go gently when you need to speed up. You should always try to drive in the highest possible gear for your vehicle while keeping within the speed limit to achieve the best miles per gallon. It is a good idea to keep a constant and similar speed when you are on a long, flat road - so for example, a motorway. But if you are on a bumpy road with lots of turns, you could end up using more fuel if you leave cruise control on. This is because your car is slower to react to changes on the road. Switching on the air conditioning can increase fuel consumption, as this uses more energy. The only exception is if you are driving at higher speeds, when it is better to use the AC and keep your windows up. For lower speed, roll your windows down and keep the air conditioning off.