Reverend Richard Coles admitted he used to see the Royal Family as something which “enshrined inequality”. But when he met Princess Anne at a fundraising event, he soon changed his mind. The broadcaster revealed people might be surprised to learn how few clergymen of the Church of England actually support the monarchy. He explained that many argue monarchies are “human institutions” which “deny the equal dignity of all people made in the image of God”. When Reverend Richard was first ordained, that was also his belief. But he was “converted” one day, not by a “blinding epiphany” or a “compelling argument” but a simple gesture from Princess Anne. She was the patron of an appeal Reverend Richard had been involved with, and she turned up at a fundraising event. Her presence gave the cause an enormous boost, allowing them to meet their target. Before the Princess arrived, the appeal had struggled to get off its feet - and so Richard was delighted. The priest went on to explain his two reasons for supporting the monarchy. “The first is that it is, to use a word in vogue, relatable,” he wrote in The Guardian. “The historic identities of our countries, their politics and cultures, are encoded in the lives of these people, and in their stories we locate our own.” He continued: “The second is the advantage of having a head of state who is not a party political creature.” Reverend Richard called it “immensely reassuring” that the Queen is politically neutral. He added that the Royal Family could also be “our best defence against the rise of tyrants”. Earlier this year, Richard announced he was retiring from the Church of England. He explained his reasoning was that churches were becoming more conservative and fundamentalist, meaning gay people like him were made to feel “unwelcome”. Richard went on to compare the support received by Jake Daniels, the Blackpool FC footballer who recently publicly came out as gay, with the reception inside Anglicanism. He explained: “You’d think football would be very resistant, but it’s changing. “And yet the Church of England – an organisation committed to celebrating love and decency and dignity – finds itself unable to do so when people are of the same sex. “It’s depressing, ” he added to Radio Times.