Manchester United will switch their focus to a move for Ajax winger Antony once they have reinforced their midfield ranks with the addition of Barcelona playmaker Frenkie de Jong, according to reports. The Red Devils are yet to rubber-stamp any summer signings but are said to be working hard behind closed doors to make things happen in advance of the new Premier League campaign. A move for De Jong has reportedly been in the works for some time but a deal now looks close to being agreed, with talks continuing between United and Barcelona in order to finally reach a full agreement. The 13-time Premier League champions are already looking into the future, though, and have decided to prioritise a move for Antony as soon as De Jong is in the building, according to The Times.It is said that Erik ten Hag is desperate to improve United's forward line as well as the strength of their midfield and will step up the chase for Antony's services when De Jong is eventually snapped up from Barcelona. Antony is believed to be a priority target for those in power at Old Trafford after excelling under Ten Hag's guidance at Ajax over the course of last season.United reportedly entered preliminary talks with the Dutch giants earlier this month but are yet to tempt them with a suitable offer in spite of their interest in Antony's signature. It remains to be seen whether the Red Devils will ultimately be priced out of the move, though, with Ajax said to be demanding around £70million in order to let go of their prized asset. JUST IN: Chelsea flop Lukaku slammed in 'intelligent' rant before Inter move Antony has reportedly asked Ajax to listen to any offers that are made for him over the coming weeks, which suggests that he would be open to the idea of sealing a move elsewhere this summer. United are not the only club in the hunt for the Brazil international but are believed to be the frontrunners at this stage, with Ten Hag eager to bring his former player with him to Manchester before the on-pitch action gets back underway in early August.The Ajax man is one of several players who have previously worked under Ten Hag to have been linked with United in recent months alongside the likes of De Jong, Matthijs de Ligt and Jurrien Timber. The former has made no secret of his admiration for Ten Hag and spoke highly of his ability to improve players on the training ground when quizzed on the United manager's best qualities earlier this year. "Every player under his guidance becomes a better footballer through his training," Antony told Dutch newspaper De Telegraaf. "Since my arrival, he has given me a lot of confidence and believed in what I can do, I am grateful to him for that."I respect him very much. Ten Hag wants to do everything to make their team play well. He has many qualities, he knows how to improve the players he coaches." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here