The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge had a leading role during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The couple took part in several engagements including their appearance alongside the Queen at the Buckingham Palace balcony. Moving forward, they have a series of royal duties to attend to, one of which could see the future King and Queen travelling to the US. According to Newsweek, Prince William is set to present The Earthshot Prize awards that will take place in the US this year. That duty could see William and Kate heading to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's stomping ground. The prize awards a grant of £1 million to five winners every year for 10 years until 2030. The £50 million fund aims to support the expansion of innovative projects focused on protecting the environment and tackling the climate crisis. The 2021 ceremony took place at Alexandra Palace, in North London. Kate and William’s busy schedule also includes their move as the couple prepares to relocate to Adelaide Cottage, a mere ten-minute walk from the Queen’s Windsor Castle residence. Another high-profile event which is likely to keep Kate and William on their feet are the Birmingham 2022 Commonwealth Games. The Commonwealth Games is an Olympics-style tournament for countries of the Commonwealth, predominantly former British colonies. The event will commence on July 28 and conclude on August 8. Although it is not announced yet, it is likely Kate and William will attend and perhaps host the event. The Queen herself has already pulled out of the sporting event. The royal couple could also be included in conversations ahead of the release of Prince Harry’s memoir, which is due towards the end of the year. The Duke of Sussex visited the UK along with Meghan Markle and their children during the Jubilee celebrations. But speculations spiked about the two brothers’ relationship, with a royal expert claiming they didn’t spend any private time together at all. Even if Harry does not take aim at William, the memoir may still make uncomfortable reading for William. Finally, the Sunday Times recently reported Kate and William also have a new press secretary, who is due to start working for them shortly. Lee Thompson, a former British triathlete, moves to Kensington Palace from NBC Universal, where he was vice-president of global communications and strategic partnerships.