Mrs Hinch fans often share their own cleaning advice on dedicated social media pages, including how to remove yellow pillow stains. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Ciffy Kay wrote: “How do I get yellow stains out of my pillows? I’ve tried everything.” Pillows often turn yellow due to sweat and oils seeping through the bedding and protector onto the pillow itself. Hair products, skincare products and make-up can also cause yellow marks on pillows. Britons may find they see more yellowing during summer months when it is warm weather. Taking to the comments, Pauline Buxton wrote: “Spray with Elbow Grease and then soak before washing.” READ MORE: Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow Henrietta Fox said: “Elbow Grease all the way, best way.” Dionne Maria wrote: “I’ve tried Elbow Grease and it works wonders.” The cleaning spray claims to be formulated to remove grease and oil in all situations. It is ideal for removing grease spots from fabrics and porous materials. DON'T MISS:Queen of Clean shares top tips for keeping your house cool [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ way to brighten clothing and bedding [INSIGHT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer faces damp nightmare [VIDEO] The cleaning spray has been raved about for years by cleaning enthusiasts, including Mrs Hinch herself. Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended using baking soda to try and tackle the stains. Megan Hambidge said: “I place them in the bath along with laundry detergent and leave to soak for a little bit. “Make sure the water is hot and you can use stain remover if needed, I also add in some baking soda, turns out perfectly.” Fiona Maxwell added: “Sprinkle baking soda on and then gently vacuum it up. Wash your pillows in the bath or sink with detergent, any will do the job. “I use Aldi’s Almat ones, pillows always turn out perfectly.” Baking soda is a great natural cleaning product which can be used around the home. It can help to soak up dampness caused by sweat as well as remove any odours. What’s more, it can also be used to clean mattresses. According to Dreams, unwashed pillows can contain up to 16 species of fungi. The experts said pillows should be washed at a minimum of 60 degrees celsius. This job should be done at least twice a year. Dreams’ experts said: “Like sheets, dry them quickly and thoroughly. “However, as up to a third of the weight of your pillow can be made up of dead skin, bugs, dust mites and more, washing them after hot weather can be beneficial."