This is mostly a result of a global energy crisis, the end of the pandemic, ongoing conflict in Ukraine, and the vast gulf between future clean energy aspirations and the reality of the fossil fuel economy today. But the UK finds itself more exposed than we might, unprepared, and doing nothing useful to meet the challenge, despite sitting on some of the largest reserves of gas and oil in Europe.  The only short to medium term solution to the affordability challenge is increasing supplies of both, either domestically or through imports. The former creates jobs, growth, and taxes; the latter means we pay those taxes abroad and get to choose between Russia, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Iraq as our preferred trade allies. Germany has spent the last two decades testing the wisdom of that approach and is now indirectly funding Russian war crimes to stave off the collapse of Europe’s industrial heartlands. When facing a similar challenge at the start of WW2, and pre-North Sea, the UK imported the ‘roughnecks of Sherwood forest’ from America to drill hundreds of wells, in secret, across the country to create a domestic supply that couldn’t be torpedoed by U-boats. Today’s reaction could not be more different. Rather than encourage drilling in the North Sea, our politicians have slapped a windfall tax on new investment. Rather than lift a moratorium on fracking and streamlining planning constraints and consents, they’ve offered a review as to whether occasional earth tremors you can’t feel are a reason to maintain it. Three applications for new wells this week crossed the desk of the Secretary of State for Levelling Up. Two were rejected, one based on an unattractive fence, the third, after a three-year delay including challenges on loss of amenity to a gypsy camp and disturbance to a wedding barn, was approved. But only it would seem by promising to use any gas discovered as feedstock for hydrogen generation experiments. This is profoundly unserious. The UK’s regulatory regime already makes it far too difficult to build anything anywhere. We incentivise nimbyism by under-rewarding local communities for tolerating new development.   This government in particular panders to Net Zero headbangers and gives them ever greater space to disrupt and delay legal business ventures that could help. Ministers like and retweet demands for special treatment by low carbon lobbyists peddling expensive non-solutions, dimly unaware their job is to consider trade-offs and support competition rather than pick winners. There is no sense of urgency. The only positive reaction to higher prices is to borrow money to help the most vulnerable, but this does nothing to reduce costs or help the rest of us. Every level of government, from parish councillors to ministers are failing to take the energy crisis seriously. They’re counting carbon atoms in 2050 while the public are counting the holes in their pockets today. We will all pay the price. A serious rethink is required. 