Liverpool insiders are not yet resigned to losing Mohamed Salah next summer, despite reports claiming he will be leaving the club. Salah, who has been one of the best players in the Premier League since moving to Merseyside in 2017, has refused to put pen-to-paper on a new contract with the Reds until now and has been tipped to turn his back on the club at the end of next season. Liverpool’s prolific frontline was broken apart at the end of last week when Bayern Munich secured a deal to sign Senegal international Sadio Mane one year before his contract was due to expire. And the Reds could also lose Salah in 12 months’ time as club and player have reached an impasse in contract negotiations. But, according to the Liverpool Echo, club insiders have insisted they have no expectation regarding Salah’s future one way or the other. Despite the uncertainly surrounding Salah’s future, Liverpool bosses have been impressed by how the player has conducted himself recently. The Egypt international’s demeanour around the club has remained exactly the same as it has always been and he has not been affected by the noise around his contract situation. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has five defenders on transfer shortlist    Liverpool will be desperate to tie the former Chelsea player down to a new deal as soon as they possibly can. At the age of 30, the ace could well maintain his world-class form for another two or three years. But the longer his future remains unresolved, the more opportunity rival clubs will have to attempt to turn his head. Reds boss Jurgen Klopp can’t be accused of resting of his laurels, however, and has already acted to bolster his attack in recent weeks. The German persuaded club chiefs to shell out an initial £64million to sign goalscoring prodigy Darwin Nunez from Benfica last week after they had already acquired teenage sensation Fabio Carvalho from Fulham. And the duo could ease Liverpool’s concerns if Salah does ultimately decide to move on. DON'T MISS Tottenham 'trying' to hijack Gabriel Jesus bid as Arsenal 'hold talks' Arsenal told to buy alternative Prem star despite Gabriel Jesus belief Arteta told he has already made Arsenal 'statement' before Jesus deal  Salah was an instant revelation after moving to Anfield as he bagged 44 goals in his debut campaign at the club. And he was rewarded with a new contract just one year after his arrival as he penned a deal worth £200,000-a-week. But he could now earn much more than that if he signed for a rival club. Klopp, meanwhile, has already revealed that he is relaxed about Salah’s contract negotiations. “I'm happy with it because there's nothing new to say - that's good,” the German explained in April. “The decisive parties are talking to each other and that's all I need.” Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 