Fans were waiting for the Duchess of Sussex to release a statement, but have been left disappointed after she appeared to ignore the matter. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have released a number of statements in the past through their Archewell Foundation’s website.  Earlier this year, the pair released a statement in support of Ukraine after Russia invaded on February 22. On Friday, the US Supreme Court overturned Roe v Wade in a 6-3 decision which could see millions of women lose the right to have an abortion. The ruling, described as a "constitutional earthquake", could see abortion outlawed in at least 24 states. Writing on Twitter, one user, responding to an article outlining charity events held by the Sussexes, penned: “Please… show me all the charity events held by Archewell. Show me what the great humanitarian Meghan Markle has done about Roe v Wade?”   In an article on Geo News, the publication questioned why the pair have decided not to speak out about the ruling. They wrote: "One of the reasons they have kept silence may be because they don't want to invite the wrath of the royal family. "But their fans think that they might not have publicly spoken against the ruling, they would express their thoughts about the issue in one of their future interactions with the media." Speaking to Sky News in Washington, outside the Supreme Court, a pro choice campaigner said she was “heartbroken” by the decision to overturn the Roe vs Wade decision that had, up until now, recognized a woman's constitutional right to an abortion and legalised it nationwide. The activist said the decision would cause serious harm to women and claimed certain lawmakers would try to “criminalise the women that transport” those wanting abortions, further blocking the possibility of help for those in need.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's California nicknames revealed as close friend The royal couple recently returned to the US after celebrating the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee where they were seen for the first time as a couple since stepping down as senior members of the royal family in March 2020. Fans are hoping the pair might speak out about the matter in future interactions with the media. A number of celebrities across the world have spoken out about the court ruling online, including the likes of Jennifer Aniston, Kim Kardashian, Justin Bieber, Dua Lipa, and Bella Hadid. The court ruling has seen a number of protests in the United States. By erasing abortion as a constitutional right, the ruling restores the ability of states to pass laws prohibiting it.  DON'T MISS:Freddie Mercury's 'terrible' battle with fellow music legend [INSIGHT]Amanda Owen confirms sudden split from grumpy husband Clive [COMMENT]Paul McCartney splits Glastonbury fans with Johnny Depp video [PICTURES]  26 states are seen as either certain or likely now to ban abortion. Mississippi is among 13 states already with so-called trigger laws designed to ban abortion if Roe v. Wade were to be overturned. The court's three liberal justices - Stephen Breyer, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan - issued a jointly authored dissent. "Whatever the exact scope of the coming laws, one result of today's decision is certain: the curtailment of women's rights, and of their status as free and equal citizens," they wrote. They added that as a result of Friday's ruling, "from the very moment of fertilisation, a woman has no rights to speak of. A state can force her to bring a pregnancy to term, even at the steepest personal and familial costs.” Archewell Foundations has been contacted for comment. 