Britain celebrated the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee with four days of festivities last weekend. Some 15 million people are thought to have attended community events to mark the Queen’s unprecedented 70-year reign. In order to host a street party communities were required to formally apply for a road closure — but neighbours could host a party on private land without permission. A Government source told The Daily Telegraph last week: "People cannot unilaterally close roads down, the council needs around six weeks' notice. "If people can't close their road because they've left it too late, they can plan a 'street meet' which would keep the road open but can be organised on private land." Some local authorities issued warnings to residents against putting up street party decorations, while other councils, including Essex’s Rochford District Council, Portsmouth City Council, Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole Council, actually banning bunting from being hung from lampposts and telegraph poles. One Conservative MP, Richard Holden, called for councils to stop preventing Jubilee celebrations, and said: “The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee marks a unique moment in our nation’s history that families in cities, towns and villages across Britain are looking forward to joining together in celebrating. “The idea that bolshy bureaucrats are tying people up in red tape to prevent these celebrations is contemptible. “Councils should immediately clear the way to let these historic national celebrations go ahead so that friends and families can celebrate together this weekend.” Ahead of the Jubilee celebrations Express.co.uk readers were asked whether they thought Prime Minister Boris Johnson should intervene. In a poll that ran from 10am on Wednesday, June 1, to 1pm on Tuesday, June 7,  Express.co.uk asked: “Should Boris stop councils banning street parties?” Overall, 5,076 people responded and the vast majority – 71 percent (3,595 people) – answered “yes”, Mr Johnson should stop councils banning street parties. A further 27 percent (1,395 people) said “no” while just two percent (86 people) said they did not know either way. In the dozens of comments left below the accompanying article readers shared their views on street parties and the banning of Jubilee festivities. One reader, username  gTIME, said: “Yes. Having a street party for a major event like the Jubilee is wholly acceptable.” And username Allyoops said: “Any council that tries to ban street parties should be closed down.” While username changingtimes said: “Local councils have to deal with all the fallout of having street parties (closed roads, etc).” DON'T MISS:Harry 'deeply unhappy' at Jubilee as Duke realises 'how much he misses this life' [VIDEO]Rod Stewart 'disappointed' by Harry and Meghan's treatment of Queen [INSIGHT]'Absolutely shameless' Sturgeon sparks fury after she's spotted in Royal Box at concert [REACTION] In a separate poll that ran from 9am on Monday, May 30, to 1pm on Tuesday, June 7, Express.co.uk asked: “Are you having a Platinum Jubilee party?” In total, 3,927 people cast their votes and readers were divided with 56 percent (2,199 people) answering “no” while 43 percent (1,670 people) said “yes”. In addition, one percent (58 people) said they did not know. One reader, username FallingLeaves said: “Our village is non-stop celebrating for the full four days , bring it on!” However, others were less enthusiastic about celebrating the Jubilee with username Dr Evil commenting: “Waste of time and money.” And username Coldste said: “Nope, got better things to spend my limited income on.”