A report from the Climate Action Tracker (CAT) stated that a global “gold rush” is taking place with governments looking for new fossil fuel production. The report also targeted driving patterns, saying that almost no Government supports behavioural change. With most major powers looking to cut ties with Russia after the invasion of Ukraine, many are looking elsewhere to get vital oil and gas. It argues that immediate and low-cost options to reduce energy demand and therefore the need for Russian fossil fuels would be available. This would include encouraging slower driving by introducing or lowering speed limits and restricting car access to cities. So far only New Zealand, Italy, Germany, Italy and the US state of California have introduced new incentives for public transport. READ MORE: Will petrol prices keep rising? UK ‘facing a perfect storm’ Ben Richardson, CEO of SulNOx Group Plc, said that more needed to be done to decarbonise fossil fuels. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he added: “This warning from CAT is further evidence of what we have been saying for some time - fossil fuels will continue to play a major part in providing the world’s energy needs for years, even decades, to come. “It is vital, therefore, that alongside investment in alternative fuels, governments and organisations also need to be looking at how they can reduce the impact of burning fossil fuels. “At SulNOx Group we are proud to be pioneering technology that can change the business climate and the political climate. DON'T MISSCost of charging an EV is increasing quicker than price of petrol [INSIGHT]'This is madness': Drivers slam EU for 2035 petrol and diesel car ban [SHOCKING]Is this the end for diesel? Record fuel prices putting drivers off [WARNING] "We are proud to be taking action on climate. “What we now need to see is an acknowledgement that fossil fuels aren’t going to go away any time soon and a commitment to doing something about it.” The CAT report, which analysed Government responses to the Russian invasion, also warned nations not to reduce taxes for petrol and diesel or car commuting. It states that high petrol and diesel prices increase the competitiveness of alternative modes of transport, making them more attractive to consumers. These subsidies would be better targeted to support the lower socio-economic sections of society who cannot afford the high prices. As examples, it listed Japan, South Korea, New Zealand, Canada and most European countries reducing petrol prices through tax cuts or fixed price limits. Chancellor Rishi Sunak unveiled a cut of five pence per litre on the rate of fuel duty in March, which many criticised for not doing enough. Just over three months later, both petrol and diesel are currently at their peak price of 183.16p per litre for petrol and 188.82p per litre for diesel. The study points to a report published earlier this year by the International Energy Agency which outlined a 10-point plan to cut oil use. This included incentivising slower driving using speed limits and “car-free Sundays”. It is estimated that reducing speed limits on motorways by at least 10km/h would save around 290,000 barrels of oil per day for cars and an additional 140,000 barrels per day from trucks. Around 37 percent of the global end use emissions originate from the transport sector. The German Government discussed introducing speed limits on its famous Autobahn which currently does not have them, although this measure has so far not been approved. This has been used as a way to cut oil use before, with the United States introducing a speed limit of 55mph in response to the 1973 oil crisis.