Last month, Rishi Sunak announced a wave of new financial support to combat the rise in inflation and energy bills which is exacerbating the country’s cost of living crisis. One of the support packages was an extra £650 payment for those in receipt of means-tested benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Among the qualifying DWP benefits for this extra payment are Universal Credit, income support and Pension Credit. However, new analysis by Quilter suggests that up to a million pensioners are likely to miss out on the £650 extra in support due to not claiming Pension Credit. Research carried out by Age UK last year found that nearly a million pensioners are entitled to, but are not in receipt of, the DWP benefit. Pension Credit awards extra money to those of state pension age who are on low income to help with their living costs. The DWP has made a conscious effort to get those eligible for the benefits scheme as it could provide households with an essential financial top-up during the cost of living crisis. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum Jon Greer, head of retirement policy at Quilter, praised Mr Sunak’s latest wave of support but warned that more needs to be done to get pensioners on existing benefits. Mr Greer explained: “While this is a much needed helping hand, according to Age UK nearly a million pensioner households are entitled to but do not receive normal Pension Credits and so could miss out on the additional £650 payment. “DWP figures from February 2022 show that there were 72,000 fewer recipients of normal Pension Credits against the previous year and nearly two thirds (65 percent) of people getting Pension Credit were women. “This is in part down to the raising of the state pension age and the introduction of new state pension in April 2016, among other factors.” Furthermore, the pension expert outlined why some older Britons may not be claiming Pension Credit when it's in their best interest to do so. He added: “There are numerous reasons why pensioners don’t claim their credits including a lack of awareness, feeling like they would not qualify and simply feeling that they do not want to take up the benefit because of a negative attitude to asking for help or feeling like a burden to the state. “However, the message is clear: if you don’t claim the credit, you won’t get the help and the Government needs to look at how they can publicise it effectively to qualifying pensioners. “Even Sunak in his speech recognised that people would still fall through the cracks and not benefit from this policy even if eligible.” On a wider scale, the retirement expert noted that pensioners are already being hit hardest by the cost of living crisis as state pension payments have not risen in line with inflation. “There is at least a little light at the end of the tunnel for pensioners who heavily rely on the state pension, as once the triple lock is reinstated next year pensioner income will be uprated to match the unique inflationary environment, we are living in,” Mr Greer said. “However, until then, pensioners are suffering one of the worst disparities in their income versus the inflation rate ever. “As the cold weather draws in after the summer and the huge rises in energy prices really start to bite, times will no doubt be incredibly tough for everyone, and this one off payment is laudable move from the Government.” Outside of the extra £650 payment, Rishi Sunak also confirmed an additional £300 exclusively for pensioners to mitigate the damage of the current financial crisis. Furthermore, older households will be able to claim a discount of up to £400 on their energy bills later in the year. Claimants of Pension Credit will be able to top up their weekly income to £182.60 if they are single. In comparison, pensioners in receipt of Pension Credit will be able to hike their joint weekly income to £278.70 if they have a partner.