 Despite being the Queen’s great-grandchildren, three-year-old Archie and one-year-old Lilibet do not have any royal titles.  Meghan Markle and Prince Harry decided that their children would simply be known by their surname Mountbatten-Windsor, wishing for them to have morality in their lives. As the son of a Duke, when he was born in 2019, Archie was eligible to hold one of Harry’s subsidiary titles and be named the Earl of Dumbarton, and Lilibet was similarly eligible to be styled as Lady Lilibet. Archie will likely become the Duke of Sussex when his father dies, something that is an automatic in royal discourse. Last month, royal historian Marlene Koenig explained in an interview with Express.co.uk: “When Harry dies, Archie succeeds as the Duke of Sussex. “That is automatic because the peerage was created for Harry and his male heirs. But by the time this happens Archie, who should be styled as Earl of Dumbarton, will be well-established as an American. “There’s nothing preventing him from inheriting a peerage. But that does not mean he would use the title. The Earl of Wharncliffe lives in Maine but he does use the peerage in everyday life.” Archie can choose not to take his Harry’s Dukedom and he can renounce the peerage under the 1963 Peerage Act. Ms Koenig said: “He would have to do it within a year of succeeding. But it’s only for life, not for his male heirs. In fact, his son could still use the courtesy.” When Prince Charles becomes King, Archie and Lilibet would be eligible to become Prince and Princess — as they are grandchildren of the monarch — under the 1917 Letters Patent issued by King George V. However, since Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn do not have these titles at present it is thought Archie and Lilibet would not be granted such titles in the future either. CAN'T SEE THE ABOVE POLL? CLICK HERE Ms Koenig explained: “Lili Is the daughter of a Duke so she is entitled to be styled as Lady Lilibet but as we know her parents have eschewed the courtesy titles. “It is very unlikely that Harry's children will ever be an HRH and a Prince or Princess. They are being raised in the US. “The precedent has already been set by Prince Edward's children who are styled as children of an Earl. “It is also likely Charles will have a new Letters Patent that further limits who is HRH and royal and who is not.” So, what do YOU think? Should Archie and Lilibet be given royal titles? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.