Disability benefit recipients have been promised £150 support for the cost of living crisis by Rishi Sunak. Those claiming Attendance Allowance are part of the millions that are set to receive the payment so when can they expect it? The cost of living support package is aimed at providing targeted support for those on low income, pensioners and disabled Britons. Exactly how much someone receives will depend on whether they receive means-tested benefits and disability benefits. The following benefits are eligible for the £150 support: Britons must have been receiving their qualifying benefit on May 25, 2022 to be eligible. Those that get a disability benefit from the Ministry of Defence and another from the DWP will only receive the cost of living payment from the DWP. The payment is expected to be made from September 2022. Britons should not need to apply for this support as it is expected to be automatically delivered to them. Those claiming Attendance Allowance will get a one-off sum of £150 in September. Pensioner households will receive an extra £300 this year to help them cover the rising cost of energy this winter. Attendance Allowance is one of the most underclaimed DWP benefits with 3.4 million Britons missing out. This DWP benefit is available to pensioners who have an illness or disability that affects their everyday lives and is worth over £4,000 a year. Attendance Allowance helps Britons of state pension age and older with extra costs if they have a physical or mental disability or illness severe enough that makes it hard for them to look after themselves. It does not cover mobility needs. It can help people stay independent in their own home for longer. Britons should apply for Attendance Allowance if they have a disability or illness and need help or supervision throughout the day or at times during the night - even if they don’t currently get that help. This might include: Additionally, if someone has difficulties with personal tasks, for example if they take a long time to complete, they experience pain or they need physical help, like a chair to lean on. Attendance Allowance isn’t just for people with a physical disability or illness. People can also claim if they need help or supervision throughout the day or night and have a mental health condition, learning difficulties or a sensory condition - if they are deaf or visually impaired. State pensioners may be able to receive an extra £369.60 every four weeks via Attendance Allowance. There are many conditions that can provide Attendance Allowance support. Britons are encouraged to check out the official eligibility guidance on the GOV.UK website.