Research has found serious concerns about drivers over the age of 75 and their ability to survive car crashes. The study by the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety (IIHS) in the US showed drivers 75 and older are about 4 times as likely to die as middle-aged drivers when they’re involved in a side-impact crash and about 3 times as likely to die in a frontal crash. The studies showed that drivers in their 70s and 80s are driving more miles and crashing less often than in past decades. But age-related fragility still makes older drivers less likely to survive crashes than other demographics. Older drivers also tend to drive cars for longer and stick with them, meaning they often don’t have the latest safety equipment built in. The first study compared the vehicles driven by 1.5 million drivers involved in crashes aged 35-54 and 70 and older from 2014-18. READ MORE: BMW and Mercedes owners warned of car theft as police issue appeal The second surveyed 900 drivers in those age groups about the factors that influenced their most recent vehicle purchase. Jessica Cicchino, IIHS vice president of research and a co-author of both studies, said: “Persuading older drivers to take another look at the vehicles they’re driving could reduce crash fatalities substantially. “One big challenge is that, for those on a fixed income, cost often overrides other concerns.” The study found that drivers in their 70s and older were significantly more likely to be driving vehicles that were at least 16 years old than drivers ages 35-54. The older drivers were also substantially less likely to be driving vehicles less than three years old. By comparing the average fatality risk for the vehicles driven by drivers age 70 and older and drivers ages 35-54, the researchers determined that crash fatalities could be reduced by three percent for drivers 70 and older and five percent for drivers 80 and older if they drove vehicles with the same safety profile as their middle-aged counterparts. Based on the crash data for 2019, that would translate to about 90 lives saved a year in the US alone. Ms Cicchino added: “All these vehicle characteristics have big impacts on crash survival rates, and older drivers are more often driving the least-safe vehicles by every parametre. “This only gets worse as their age increases, since many older adults stick with a single ‘retirement vehicle’ for the remainder of their driving years.” When choosing their current vehicle, drivers 70 and older were less likely than middle-aged drivers to have required ESC, blind spot monitoring, side or curtain airbags, and forward collision warning or automatic emergency braking (AEB). Only about a quarter of older drivers said they required AEB, compared with 40 percent of middle-aged drivers, for example. In addition, about 10 percent of older drivers said that safety ratings are not at all important, compared with four percent of middle-aged drivers, and fewer older than middle-aged drivers ranked safety ratings as extremely important in their purchase decision. Ms Cicchino added: “The older drivers who participated in the survey didn’t appear to understand the value of today’s vehicle safety features. “At the same time, they perceive less need to replace their older vehicles because they don’t drive many miles per year and think of low mileage as synonymous with overall vehicle safety.” Older drivers were also found to be more likely to drive smaller cars, giving them less chance in an accident. Along with vehicle design and safety features, vehicle size and weight are important factors in crash survival, since the occupants of smaller vehicles are exposed to greater forces in collisions with larger ones.