Nick Kyrgios has hit out at Wimbledon organisers over having to play best-of-five-sets in the doubles draw. The Australian will play doubles at the Championships this month alongside Thanasi Kokkinakis but is unhappy about the potential of five-set matches, saying no player wants to play them and no fan wants to watch them. Kyrgios and doubles partner Kokkinakis won the Australian Open in January and are set to partner up again for Wimbledon ahead of next week’s opener. But their success earlier this year came in a tournament that only requires doubles players to play best-of-three-set matches. The 27-year-old, who is also playing in the singles draw, says he is ‘dreading’ having to play five sets in the doubles. “I am not really looking forward to playing best-of-five-set doubles. I think it is the stupidest thing ever,” Kyrgios slammed in his pre-tournament press conference. “I don't know why it is best of five sets. No-one wants to play best-of-five-set doubles, no one wants to watch best-of-five-set doubles. JUST IN: Djokovic backed to 'bury demons' and beat Nadal to Wimbledon title “So I am excited, but I am also dreading the fact that if it is one set all I am going to have to be playing three more sets of doubles. "That's why I haven't played it before. It doesn't make sense, because I have always gone pretty well here in singles so I am not on my off day playing potentially five sets of doubles.” Kyrgios has entered the singles draw at the All England Club and faces British No.8 Paul Jubb in his first match. The 22-year-old Jubb has been given a wildcard for the tournament. DON'T MISS...Rafael Nadal's uncle Toni makes Novak Djokovic plea to TsitsipasDjokovic backed to 'bury demons' and beat Nadal to Wimbledon titleMurray issues rejection of Saudi Arabia and outlines previous snub Having broken onto the world stage after reaching the quarter-final of Wimbledon in 2014, Kyrgios believes he has made top 10 players ‘look ordinary’ this year and hopes to go far in the tournament. He famously defeated Rafael Nadal during his 2014 run and recently overcame world.6 Stefanos Tsitsipas at the Halle Open, proving he can still mix it with the best. “I've played top 10 players in the world this year and made them look pretty ordinary,” Krgios amusingly boasted. “I know where my game's at. I know if I'm feeling confident, I'm playing well, I'm able to just light it up kind of whenever I want. “I know if I'm serving well and I'm playing well, I can beat anyone. I have pretty much beaten everyone in the draw before.”