Queen Elizabeth did not attend all of the Platinum Jubilee events, due to experiencing some “discomfort” after Trooping the Colour according to a palace spokesperson. On Sunday, the monarch did not attend the majority of the pageant. She also was not in attendance at the Service of Thanksgiving on Friday, nor at the Party at the Palace concert on Saturday.  However, she did surprise the crowds gathered in the Mall outside Buckingham Palace by appearing on the balcony. The Queen stood beside Prince Charles, Camilla, Prince William, Kate Middleton and their three children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Her Majesty was wearing a lovely bright green outfit for the occasion. But what brooch was Queen Elizabeth wearing?  Jewellery expert Maxwell Stone from Steven Stone told Express.co.uk: “Created by Garrard for Queen Victoria in the 1850s, there’s a lot of history to the Queen’s bow brooch. “Part of a set of three, Queen Victoria commissioned the trio to be created using a selection of diamonds that she already owned. “After her death, they were left to the royal collection, meaning that they’ll be passed down from monarch to monarch in the years to come,” the expert claimed. When did it become a part of the current Queen’s collection?   Mr Stone added: “Given to the Queen on her coronation in 1952, the diamond bow brooches have a huge amount of sentimental value. “The Queen also wore this particular brooch as part of her Diamond Jubilee celebrations in 2012. “Therefore, it’s incredibly fitting that she wore it during her final Platinum Jubilee appearance. “Encrusted in three carats of diamonds, I’d estimate the brooch to be worth around £120,000.”  Queen Victoria had the three bow brooches created using a selection of diamonds she already owned. All the jewels that had once belonged to her grandmother, Queen Charlotte, were awarded to her cousin, the King of Hanover. She lost numerous pieces, including a set of three diamond bow brooches. Queen Victoria wanted to recreate them in her honour.  After Queen Victoria's death, they were left to the royal collection. Now in the hands of Queen Elizabeth, she prefers to wear them as separate pieces, rather than as a trio. Before Sunday’s appearance, the Queen wore one of them as part of her Diamond Jubilee. This was on June 13, 2012, on a visit to Nottingham with the Duchess of Cambridge. 