Christian Eriksen is reportedly still yet to make a decision on his immediate future ahead of his expiring contract with Brentford at the end of June - with former club Tottenham and Manchester United still keen to sign him as a free agent. The Dane, 30, joined the Bees in January having been released by Inter Milan with rules in Italy stating that players cannot compete with implanted defibrillators. Eriksen has one fitted after he suffered a cardiac arrest at Euro 2020. He subsequently joined the west London outfit, though there were many doubts over whether he would be able to compete at the top level after six months out. But his performances helped steer Brentford to a comfortable 13th-placed finish, 11 points above the drop zone, and showed he can still cut it in the Premier League. With his contract up at the end of June, many clubs have expressed an interest in taking him on a long-term deal after his superb outings in west London. And according to Fabrizio Romano, the midfielder is set to take his time on deciding a new club with four Premier League clubs interested, including Tottenham and United. Romano states that Leicester reportedly held talks with Eriksen's representatives in April, with a month still to go in the season. The Foxes have been rivalled by United and Spurs, who have also explored the potential of signing the playmaker over the course of the last two weeks. Brentford are the fourth option, having submitted the offer of a new contract to Eriksen's team, but they are still waiting on an answer from the Dane. The former Ajax midfielder has not yet rejected the idea of staying with Thomas Frank's side despite rumours that he had turned down an offer, although he is thought to be biding his time as he chooses the best option. Leicester are supposedly pessimistic about their chances of signing the 30-year-old, despite manager Brendan Rodgers' fondness of the midfielder. Much could rely on Eriksen's loyalty to Tottenham and Brentford in a final decision, whilst he trained with Erik ten Hag at Ajax on his road to recovery from the unfortunate incident at Euro 2020 just over a year ago. However, it remains to be seen what he and his agent believe to be the best offer just yet. Eriksen admitted he had offers from other clubs with his contract expected to run out on June 30. He said: “I have different offers and options, which we are considering, and then we make a decision. I would love to play Champions League football again. I know how much fun it is, but it isn’t essential for me. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here