The Duke and Duchess of Sussex travelled from the US to Britain for the bank holiday weekend. But Cele Otnes, Professor Emeritus of Business Administration at University of Illinois, said Harry and Meghan, who were absent from many of the celebrations, were "essentially a non-story". The co-author of Royal Fever claimed the couple's low-key visit, which saw them relegated to second-row seats, is unlikely to have pleased Netflix. Prof Otnes said the royals are likely to have been cautious about their interactions with the Sussexes amid reports they are filming an "at-home" series and with Harry's upcoming tell-all memoir due out later this year. The expert told Express.co.uk: "Of course, it's hard to know whether the very back-burner role the Sussexes played was by design, but it did seem ironic that with all the talk of security concerns, Meghan was not shy about rolling the car window down and waving to engage the public. "In truth, I think they were essentially a non-story at the Jubilee, which was likely the Firm's goal, but unlikely the goal of Netflix. "And being a non-story is unlikely the goal of any brand, including the Sussexes'. "The Royal Family is likely treating most of their interactions with Harry and Meghan with caution if not suspicion. "So long the Netflix contract requires lots of content about Brand Sussex, that's probably prudent on the Royal Family's part. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's permanent UK return questioned after behaviour "In addition, there's the fact that Harry is writing a book. "It will be interesting to see the consequences [or] fallout from that action, and what the Sussexes' roles will be in further family and cultural rituals. "I think the message was sent with a bullet that if you want to be distanced from or even out of the Firm, the Royal Family is happy to honour that request, and help that goal along." DON'T MISSQueen taking Harry's titles was Meghan's 'most painful' moment [INSIGHT]Have Your Say: Should Harry and Meghan visit the UK more? [COMMENT]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's UK return made them 'look worse' [VIDEO] Harry and Meghan, who signed a lucrative deal with Netflix after quitting as working royals and moving to California in 2020, returned to the UK for the Jubilee. However, they did not attend many of the festivities over the four-day weekend. Harry and Meghan made their first public appearance alongside the Windsors since they stepped down as senior royals two years ago at the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. But their relegated seats behind working royals were a telling sign of their change in status. Royal sources were said to be wary of any Netflix involvement at the Jubilee. The Telegraph reported ahead of the occasion that the streaming giant's camera crews would be "moved on" if they set up to film the Sussexes from public areas. Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for the Sussexes and Netflix for comment. 