The One Show, which usually airs at 7pm between Monday and Friday will not air on BBC One tonight. Instead, viewers can tune in to watch the programme, fronted by Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas, on BBC Two at the usual time slot of 7pm. The reason for the move is that BBC has dedicated its coverage to the opening day of Wimbledon 2022 on BBC One. At 7pm on BBC One, viewers can tune in to watch further live coverage of the opening day from the All England Club. The coverage will feature the first round of the men's and ladies' singles competitions. The One Show hasn't updated their Twitter followers about the change, although, on Friday they tweeted about what will be on Monday's show. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun fans slam pair for rejecting 'dream' Danni find In view of their 94,000 followers, the show tweeted: "On Monday we’ll be speaking to travel expert Simon Calder and consumer champ Matt Allwright. "They’ll be answering all your travel questions, so whether you have concerns over cancelled flights or queries about how and when you should book your holidays, please get in touch." EastEnders has also been affected by the schedule shake-up. The BBC soap will also air on BBC Two after The One Show at 7.30pm. Monday night's instalment will see Kat Slater (played by Jessie Wallace) and Sharon (Letitia Dean) prepare for the grand opening of Peggy's, and despite being sacked, Sam Mitchell (Kim Metcalfe) orders the staff around. Elsewhere, Ash (Gurlaine Kaur Garcha) refuses to give in to Suki's (Balvinder Sopal) order to work at the new GP surgery. And after talking to Dotty (Molly Conlin), Bernie (Clair Norris) tells Rainie (Tanya Franks) she can have Roland but must leave Stuart (Ricky Champ). While Kim (Tameka Empson) forces a reluctant Howie (Delroy Atkinson) to perform as a grime act at Lily's party. DON'T MISS...Suzie Fletcher children: Does The Repair Shop star have any children? [CAST]James Martin defends butter obsession in candid family admission [VIDEO]'It's real' JB Gill speaks out on Jeremy Clarkson’s farming struggles [INSIGHT] The shake-up in the TV schedule is because the BBC is dedicating its coverage to Wimbledon. On Monday, viewers can watch the live coverage of the opening day. As is tradition, defending men's champion Novak Djokovic is scheduled to get the Centre Court schedule underway. The Serbian has won the last three stagings of the event and has claimed the title six times in total. He won three of the four Grand Slam titles last year but is still looking for his first this year. Novak's return comes after he controversially missed the Australian Open after a dispute with the Australian authorities over COVID-19 guidelines. He then went on to lose against Rafael Nadal in the quarter-finals of the French Open. UK's Emma Radacanu will also be taking the centre stage in the tournament. The One Show airs at 7pm on BBC Two.