Cooking with the Stars is returning for a second outing and a new bunch of eight celebrity contestants will be matched up with a chef mentor teaching them how to cook an array of dishes. The celebrities will be going head-to-head in the kitchen to see who will fail to impress and who will cook up a storm. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the cast of Cooking with the Stars 2022. Maura Higgins rose to fame on Love Island when she came in fourth place with her boyfriend at the time Curtis Pritchard. She went on to take part in season 12 of Dancing on Ice and came in sixth with her skating partner Alexander Demetriou. Since then, the Irish TV personality has appeared on This Morning and hosts make-up show Glow Up: Ireland. She will be partnered up with the son of legendary chef Rick Stein, Jack Stein. He competed in the first 18 seasons before stepping into judge Bruno Tonioli's shoes behind the desk. Du Beke has recently been announced as Tonioli's permanent replacement as a Strictly judge.   Doctor and TV presenter Dr Ranj Singh is regularly featured on This Morning and various other daytime shows. He took part in season 16 of Strictly Come Dancing when he was paired up with professional dancer Janette Manrara and came in 10th place. Singh has also been on Celebrity Catchphrase, Would I Lie to You? and Richard Osman's House of Games. He will be mentored in Cooking with the Stars by chef Clodagh McKenna. Better known to many as The Governess, Anne Hegerty stars in the ITV quiz show The Chase, as well as its spin-off, Beat The Chasers. When she isn't on the Bradley Walsh-led series, Anne takes part in quizzes competitively, having appeared on Brain of Britain, Mastermind and Fifteen to One. She was in season 18 of I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! when she came in seventh place. In this upcoming series, Anne will be partnered with chef Jean-Christophe Novelli. Woody Cook, who will be mentored by Mike Reid, is the son of DJ Fatboy Slim and presenter Zoe Ball who made his first TV appearance on season two of The Circle. He will be following in his dad's footsteps as he is due to perform as a DJ at Glastonbury this year. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Adam Barlow to become Toyah's next victim [THEORY]The Chase's Darragh Ennis misses BAFTAs win after contracting Covid [HEALTH]James Martin's Saturday Morning fans ‘switch off’ as they slam guest [REACTION] TV personality Josie Gibson became famous after winning season 11 of Big Brother back in 2010. She has had various presenting gigs on This Morning, The Wright Stuff and Loose Women just to name a few. Josie is going to be taught by chef Tony Singh MBE. Former middle distance athlete Dame Kelly Holmes won a number of medals throughout her thriving career. She won the bronze in the 800m at the 2000 Sydney Olympics and gold in the 800m and 1,500m at the Athens Olympics four years later. Kelly, who will be partnered with Ronnie Murray in Cooking with the Stars, founded the Dame Kelly Holmes Trust to support young athletes and help disadvantaged young people across the UK. Comedian Joe Wilkinson starred as Jeffrey in season one and three of Sex Education and as postman Pat in After Life on Netflix. He has regularly featured on 8 Out of 10 Cats Does Countdown since 2012 and took part in season two of Taskmaster, coming in last place. Wilkinson, who will be mentored by Judy Joo, was named star baker in The Great British Bake Off Stand Up to Cancer. Cooking with the Stars season 2 premieres on Tuesday, June 7, at 7pm on ITV.