Kate Middleton is expected to appear at the Wimbledon tennis courts this week for the annual Championships. The Duchess of Cambridge makes headlines for the gorgeous outfits that she wears to the yearly event. But avid royal fans may have noticed Kate has also worn a green and purple bow to Wimbledon over the years.  What is the hidden meaning behind the accessory? The royal's go-to Wimbledon accessory is a symbol of royal patronage. This was gifted to her by the Queen. In 2020, the Duchess of Cambridge joined Sir Andy Murray for a video call with pupils from Bond Primary School in Mitcham, South London.  READ MORE: Meghan's 'firm' gesture to Harry - 'Signals of anxiety' This was to mark what would have been Wimbledon finals weekend. The royal donned a £665 silk dress printed with tennis players, as well as a small purple and green bow pinned to her lapel. This is a favourite of the Duchess, who has worn the brooch several times over the years. The All England Croquet Club was founded in July 1868 and the Duchess took over the role of patron in 2016 from the Queen.  Her Majesty had held the position for 64 years. The green and purple bow is worn by members of the Committee of Management during the Fortnight – the Main Board of the AELTC and representatives of the LTA. It signifies their responsibilities as the Committee governing the tournament. The Patron has always traditionally been given a Committee bow in recognition of her role.  READ MORE: Kate and William's Windsor move 'rushed' after Harry's interview This is why the Duchess has chosen to wear it when visiting the Championships. Other individuals also given an honorary Committee bow are the Chief Executive. The present colours of dark green and purple were introduced in 1909. This is because the club's previous colours, blue, yellow, red and green, were too similar to those of the Royal Marines.  Avid tennis fan Kate first wore the accessory in 2017, donning a white dress, with a vibrant floral print. The following year she wore the pin with a bright yellow £575 Dolce & Gabbana dress, completing her look with her trusty ‘Sicily’ handbag, nude court shoes and delicate gold jewellery. In 2019, the royal donned the bow on two separate occasions, wearing a chic baby blue textured £1,210 Emilia Wickstead gown with elegant capped sleeves, a square neckline and flared skirt and a green bespoke green D&G midi dress, estimated to have cost £2,150. Last year in 2021, Kate could be seen wearing the bow alongside her green A-line dress by Emilia Wickstead. 