Sadio Mane has all but admitted that he is willing to end his Liverpool career because of the people of his homeland. The Senegal international has been linked with a transfer away. Mane has admitted that he is willing to leave Liverpool for the sake of Senegal after being queried about a summer transfer. The striker has just one year on his contract and has no plans to renew. It puts the Reds in a sticky predicament - they could either sell their star man this summer or risk losing him for nothing next year. It is the same situation that saw Georginio Wijnaldum depart for Paris Saint-Germain last June. But Mane has taken his wishes to leave Liverpool as soon as possible a step further by publicly stating that he would follow the wishes of the people from his homeland. When told that the majority of Senegalese people want him to depart Anfield, he admitted he is willing to oblige. "I don't really have any feelings for this club anymore," Mane extraordinarily admitted, before being told that '60 to 70 per cent' of Senegalese people want him out of Liverpool. "I will do what they want," the forward replied. Bayern Munich are the frontrunners for the former Southampton star, who is joined by Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino in their last year of their contracts at Liverpool. Robert Lewandowski is pushing for his own departure and the German giants reckon that Mane is the ideal replacement. But the Reds are not willing to let him go cheaply and have slapped £42.5million price tag on his head. That might be out of Bayern's price range as they expect and move for Lewandowski to hardly break the bank. Bayern would prefer to partner the two up front to fulfil Julian Nagelsmann's preferred tactical set-up. However, the Poland international is desperate to move to Barcelona. Any departure from Mane at Anfield will sting Jurgen Klopp's formidable attack but the signing of Luis Diaz might somewhat alleviate a mammoth blow. Nevertheless, the 30-year-old was in top form towards the end of the season. After winning the African Cup of Nations, Mane only seemed to get better having scored 13 of his 23 goals last campaign after lifting the the trophy. That was also helped by the fact that Klopp moved him to a more natural striker role as a No. 9, which he adapted to expertly.