On Monday, BBC viewers tuned in to watch the third instalment of Sherwood. David Morrissey stars as the lead detective, Ian St Clair, as he tries to solve two murders in a small town of Nottinghamshire. The six-part drama looks at the murder cases which at the time, sparked a massive manhunt. However, midway through the episode, viewers became distracted when Stephen Tompkinson made an appearance. Some commented on how his hair was the star of the show, while others compared him to Sir Billy Connolly. Stephen plays the character of Warnock, a former miner and friend of murder victim Gary (played by Alun Armstrong). At the time, viewers were quick to take to social media to share their thoughts on the actor's transformation. READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint Duncan Gates penned: "Stephen Tompkinson is a more convincing Billy Connolly than I'd have expected." User @MrPaulRobinson wrote: "Stephen Tompkinson's hair is the breakout star of this episode #sherwood." While Matthew Grey added: "Ooh is that Stephen Tompkinson in #Sherwood? Good look, Ian McKellen skills, rich end-of-sentence harmonisation." (sic) "That is some hair/tash combo on Stephen Tompkinson. #Sherwood," Mick commented. (sic) Georgina Jane Petty said: "Stephen Tompkinson almost unrecognisable #Sherwood." Stuart T Taylor also likened the star to Sir Billy Connolly, he tweeted: "If Stephen Tompkinson can do a Glasgow accent, that's the Billy Connolly biopic sorted #Sherwood." Viewer Andrew simply noticed that the actor looked rather "different". While Ian St Clair tried to solve the murder of Warnock's pal, the detective was also faced with another mysterious killing. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star details moment he decided to quit acting  [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' baby Thomas DNA twist  [REACTION]GMB viewers demand Richard Madeley be removed over Rwanda question [VIDEO] Joanne Froggatt's character, Sarah Vincent, ended up getting killed by her father-in-law, Andy Fisher (Adeel Akhtar). However, when Andy's son, Neel Fisher (Bally Gill) discovered his wife, his father was on hand to comfort him. Although, as the episode came to an end, Andy was seen running into the distance in a panic. He ended up jumping out of the car he was travelling in with Neel, and almost got struck by a truck,   The creator of the BBC drama, who grew up in the village of Annesley Woodhouse, opened up to Express.co.uk and other press about why he wanted to tell such an important story. “I wanted to find a story to tell in my hometown for a very long time and I'm impossibly proud to grow up and come from where I come from in North Nottinghamshire,” James Graham explained. “I felt a huge privilege and responsibility to try and give voice to the kind of people and the characters that I grew up with and the issues that still compound us every day and I wanted to just briefly acknowledge that. “As many of you know, this is inspired by some real things that happened, and I felt sometimes overwhelmed by the responsibility of that because I take it incredibly seriously.”  Sherwood returns on Tuesday at 9pm on BBC One.