Cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch is also known for sharing her lifestyle and gardening hacks. The influencer, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, often shares gardening, cleaning and DIY content on her Instagram account which has more than 4.5 million followers. Now, fans of hers have created their own groups dedicated to sharing cleaning and gardening tips. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Gardening Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to “kill” weeds between her patio slabs. Julie Lucas wrote: “Any ideas for killing weeds on patio slabs?” The post was inundated with comments from Mrs Hinch fans suggesting their top tip for removing these plants. Weeds are a common nuisance to most gardeners and it's easy to resort to chemical killers to eradicate these hardy nutrient-stealers. READ MORE: How to remove weeds from patios and pavers - ‘quick and easy’ methods However, there is an easy and effective way to rid gardens of weeds without chemicals. According to garden enthusiasts all that’s needed is boiling water. Gill Cardwell Jones said: “Boil your kettle and while it's still bubbling pour over the weeds and they'll never come back, my gardener told me that and it works great. “Obviously don't do it to weeds on your grass though.” DON'T MISS: I used a 13p fruit to remove stubborn limescale from my bathroom tap [INSIGHT]‘Very important step’ for painting rooms to make job ‘much easier’ [EXPERT]How to clean ‘greasy’ wooden blinds using tumble dryer sheets [TIPS] Victoria Jewell commented: “I just boil the kettle and pour it on - kills them straight away.” Jackson Brown replied: “I was told to pour boiling water on them. I used it and it's brilliant, so effective. “Does the job and quickly. Just don't get it on the grass as it burns it.” Helen Dawson suggested: “Pour boiling water as closely to the weeds as you can so it can get to the roots.” READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 29p way to fix ‘rough’ and ‘crunchy’ towels The heat collapses the plant’s cell structure and within days, you’ll start to see it start to shrivel and die. If you’re using this method on the lawn, take the opportunity to plant new seeds on top after the weeds have been removed because they’ll find it harder to re-sprout through thick and healthy grass. It is best to only use the boiling water hack on patios and paving rather than on lawns or between plants. The boiling water may also scald other plants nearby and kill them off too. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using salt to get rid of the weeds. Some suggested using salt on its own while others suggested using it with vinegar or diluted with water. Irene Ducros said: “Salt, just salt. It does the job, I’ve been using for years now. Nothing else seems to work.” Alison Peat commented: “I use salt and dilute it in boiling water.”