Fred Sirieix feels so strongly about the importance of vaccinations that he's co-launching a campaign, Beware of The Bugs, advising the public on how to avoid travel health risks. "Life is difficult enough as it is without creating a problem for yourself because you don't want to get vaccinated," he exclaimed. "I think it's crazy - really, really crazy," he revealed of the anti-vaccine attitude. "Medicine has [made] so much progress since [Louis] Pasteur [French chemist] invented the vaccine for rabies," he continued. Meanwhile, Fred has been vaccinated against everything from typhoid to yellow fever in his time. "I had a look through the list of which ones were recommended and I did all of them - every single one of them," he declared. READ NOW: Elton John ‘booed by crowd’ at farewell tour after Newcastle quip "[I did vaccines] for the specific countries that I visited, because depending on where you go, you don't need to worry about it." The new campaign aims to place all of the information travellers need in one location - something which Fred would have loved to have had available to him in the past. "When I was a younger traveller, at the time there wasn't a website like bewareofthebugs.com where you can get all the information that you need," he explained. "I remember being quite young in my 20s and finding out the information for myself." With vaccinations out of the way, there seems to be no limit to Fred's appetite for travel. The nation has seen him drive around the globe with celebrity chefs Gordon Ramsay and Gino D'Acampo for Gordon, Gino and Fred's Road Trip episodes, which have made unmissable TV viewing. However, Fred has shared with us some secrets about his favourite travel locations that he didn't disclose during the ITV shows. For example, his favourite destination to visit for culinary pleasure, besides his native France, is Taiwan. DON'T MISS: Dame Deborah James' fearless efforts as she plans out final days [LATEST] Dame Deborah James in farewell to brother but warns 'don't come back' [PHOTOS] Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux [INSIGHT]  "I love the food there - absolutely delicious Chinese food," he swooned. "Where else have I been that I really enjoyed? America as well - it's more of a mixture, a melting pot of cuisine depending on where you go. "If you're in LA or San Francisco or New York, gastronomy is very different." Fred admitted that his road trip through the USA was perhaps the fondest memory he has of filming with Gordon and Gino. The show's episodes have displayed plenty of action for the trio, with Gordon's volatile temper seeing him described as a "big baby". Fred has also spoken on fierce fights between himself and Gordon over even the most "trivial things" such as whether a burger is finely salted enough. However, he insists that the trio have "good friendships" with each other. Fred's travel campaign, aimed at encouraging the public to get all the information they need about safeguarding their health before hitting the road, can be found at bewareofthebugs.com