Several roads have been cordoned off while officers deal with the incident. Merseyside Police officials are currently in attendance at Queen Square and Williamson Square, according to the Liverpool Echo. "It's quite fresh and in the early stages of the investigation so we can't confirm much yet but there are patrols attending the incident. "We've been made aware of two people who may have been stabbed." The conditions of the victims are not currently known. She wrote on in a post on Twitter: “A Deliveroo rider told me he saw two men fighting in the street here this evening before the stabbing took place.” Another man told her that he saw two men on the floor with a group of around 12-15 people crowded around them. They were, he added, taken to hospital in separate ambulances. READ MORE: Britons on the street debate UK’s involvement in Ukraine war Miss Hadfield also reported that busses are still in operation at Queen Square “apart from at stands 11 and 12”. These are both included in the police cordon. DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] The police have since released a statement on this evening's events. A spokesperson said: "We are appealing for information following an incident in Queen Square, Liverpool City Centre, this evening, Friday June 17. "At around 7.35pm we received a report that two men had been stabbed following an altercation outside Yates’ Wine Lodge, near to the bus station. "Emergency services attended and both men were taken to hospital to be treated for stab wounds.  "The suspect, described as black male, of slim build and wearing a dark jacket, is reported to have made off on foot in the direction of Lime Street station. "An investigation has been launched to locate the suspect and officers remain at the scene at Queen Square while extensive CCTV, witness and forensic enquiries are carried out. "Anyone who witnessed the incident or with any information, is asked to contact police."  Detective Inspector Gavin Mulcahy said: “We are in the very early stages of an investigation into a stabbing this evening which has left two men seriously injured. “We simply will not tolerate such violence in our city centre and I want to reassure everyone that we don’t believe there is any wider threat to people out and about in the city centre following this incident. “Our officers are working tirelessly to find the person responsible and bring them to justice and police will remain at the scene this evening to carry out enquires and provide reassurance. “The area around Queen Square bus station would have been extremely busy at the time of the incident with people coming into town or travelling home. “If you saw anything or anyone suspicious in the area this evening, or if you captured anything on dashcam or other devices, then please tell us.  “In this early stage of an investigation such as this, all information, however insignificant it may seem, could provide vital to our investigation. “Don’t assume that someone else will tell us about what could be vital evidence – contact us and tell us what you know, either directly or anonymously. “We will never stand by and allow people to carry knives and threaten the safety of themselves and others. “With the public’s help, we can make Merseyside a safer place and I appeal to anyone who has any information on the incident this evening to contact police.” 