The Duke and Duchess of Sussex skipped out on both the Platinum Jubilee Party, the pageant and the Epsom Derby over the bank holiday extravaganza. Instead, the couple made only one public appearance, at the thanksgiving service held at St Paul’s Cathedral on Friday. They also visited the Queen last so she could meet her great-grandchild and namesake Lilibet, who she had not yet seen, as well as releasing a picture of the one-year-old. As they arrived at the church, Roya Nikkah, the Sunday Times’ royal editor, claimed that “the Queen was absolutely determined that they should be here. “By the sounds of it, they have [had] a very warm reception.” Despite receiving a round of cheers from royal watchers camped outside the London landmark, the Duke and Duchess were seemingly relegated to the second row during the service. READ MORE: Queen 'would have loved' to see Harry and William's children play Speaking on The Royal Beat talk show, Hugo Vickers, a royal biographer, commented: “I think everybody behaved well in public and it makes it easier to behave well in private.” It was the first public appearance in the UK since the couple and their family moved to America in March 2020. Mr Vickers claimed Prince Harry “must have gone back [home] feeling very depressed at what he has given up”. He added the Duke handed back his title as Captain General of the Royal Marines when he stepped down as a full-time royal. At the Jubilee pageant, “the Royal Marines were out in force”, which would have been an uncomfortable reminder of what he once had, Mr Vickers said. Only working royals were invited onto the Buckingham Palace balcony – widely seen as a way of avoiding awkward questions about the couple, as well as Prince Andrew. Royal journalist Katie Nicholl said: “And why did they leave the Royal Family? They left because they weren’t in the front row. They left because they didn’t have centre-stage seats. “I believe that’s why they weren't there.” DON'T MISS: Prince Andrew seen for first time since having Covid [PICTURES] 'Squad depth!' Lady Louise leads royals who could see roles changed [ANALYSIS] Kate's reaction to Meghan Markle exposed as Duchesses reunited [REVEAL] Speaking to True Royalty TV, Duncan Larcombe, another royal biographer, said: “Those four days will haunt Prince Harry for the rest of his life. “They [The Duke and Duchess of Sussex] were relegated to sitting behind the Duke of Gloucester [at the Thanksgiving service]. “They didn't take part in any way, shape or form visibly at the Trooping of the Colour [… Harry] will be fuming about the way he and his family were treated.” Angela Levin, a royal author and broadcaster who spent a year with Prince Harry, claimed he was “largely ignored” during the four-day celebrations. Referencing the thanksgiving service, Ms Levin told the Sun: “The thing that really stood out for me on that day was Harry's anger – he wears his emotions on his face and he looked absolutely furious.”