The Union Jack is currently a staple across the UK, with shops and businesses hanging them out of windows and streets lined to mark the Platinum Jubilee. But with its presence, comes a controversial debate over whether or not the Union Jack has links to patriotism and even Nazi Germany.  One woman, who wishes to remain anonymous, shared her views on the Union Jack. She said: “Whilst it [the flag] has been a symbol of hope for so many since its first creation, it has been a symbol of fear for the same amount of people. “International atrocities have been committed under the name of this flag, it flew when the British Empire expanded through genocide, slavery and theft. This flag also flew to symbolise the crushing power that Britain had and still tries to practice today.” She went on to claim that the flag leaves her feeling “very unsafe”, adding: “I know that these flags are being put around for the Platinum Jubilee, but the reality is their presence taps into deep fears for POC (people of colour).  “We learn from a young age that if you’re suddenly confronted by an area full of Union Flags and/or St George’s cross flags, that means the far-right are in town, so we need to get out of the area stat.” When asked about the links to Nazi Germany, she said: “Everyone’s seen the photos from Nazi Germany where flags are hanging off anywhere that has a ledge. This kind of over-the-top power posturing that borders on the excessive is a technique utilised by many nations, such as in the past nations like Nazi Germany.” During Hitler’s time in power, the Swastika flag was draped in streets and shop windows. The flag has become one of the most potent hate symbols in the world, with many petitioning for a ban on owning Nazi Germany flags.  READ MORE: Armed police storm London high street after major incident Broadcaster India Willoughby took to Twitter on May 23 and wrote: “When the Queen dies, [I] wouldn’t be surprised if Boris appoints himself Fuhrer and assumes total control. That’s how close I think Britain is to Nazi Germany.” After facing a backlash, India responded to the reaction by adding: “I belong to a section of society where laws are being passed, protections removed. Relentlessly demonised every day. “You don’t notice because it doesn’t [affect] you. This is a Gov that has put itself above the law, taken over supposedly independent institutions, does away with critical media, and is scrapping the Human Rights Act. I think you all need to wake up and smell the coffee!” Ms Willoughby, who is the first transgender co-host on Loose Women, was criticised following her tweets, with a row erupting on the social media site.  DON'T MISS:Putin MOCKS Queen's Jubilee celebrations as 'opulent' [COMMENT]Putin given bleak warning as Russian tanks blown up one-by-one [PICTURES]Kremlin 'mistaken' after ordering 'immediate' Ukrainian surrender [INSIGHT] Darren Grimes, a British activist, said: “OUR flag represents OUR values, OUR institutions, OUR democracy, OUR way of life and OUR United Kingdom. Those values are sod all like those of Nazi Germany and anyone who says otherwise has a pathological loathing of their own nation and ought to seek immediate help.” Another account compared the display of flags to a display of Swastikas, describing it as “strongly reminiscent of this”. He added: “Our royals actually are Germans and until 1917 what is now called the House of Windsor was called the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. So perhaps it’s not so much of a surprise to find the jubilee being celebrated in this way. “It looks plain silly to me. It’s invariably true that peoples who feel compelled to advertise their patriotism have the least to be proud of.” 