Arsenal will have a 21-year-old senior France international coming into their squad for next season. On the face of it, that looks extremely exciting, but it could be good news in more ways than one. William Saliba is a familiar name to many but is yet to play a single match for the Gunners since his £27million arrival in 2019. However, the defender has committed his immediate future to the Gunners in a boost to Mikel Arteta. Saliba will almost be like a new signing for Arteta. The French defensive resources are well stocked so earning not only a call-up but also his first caps for France speaks volumes for how much he has impressed on loan at Marseille. Arteta found a successful partnership with Gabriel and Ben White last season. But Saliba is set to provide strong competition for their starting spots next term. READ MORE: Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's Eriksen move, Dembele to Chelsea update, Sterling's showdown  In an interview with Telefoot, Saliba says he will return to Arsenal and wants to show his true potential. He said: "I belong to Arsenal, I still have two years left. I will be back with Arsenal. "I have played zero matches and I still want to show them my true face and have the chance to play for these fans and this great club." That in itself is good news for Arteta, even though the power was always with the north London club as the player's contract does not expire until 2024. However, in another boost, Saliba will not have to take up a place in Arsenal's 25-man Premier League squad for next season. All top-flight teams have to name 25 players, only 17 of which can be overseas and eight homegrown. DON'T MISSGareth Southgate blames England loss on Hungary star and responds to boos [INTERVIEW]Christian Eriksen should seal Tottenham return due to Man Utd transfer warning [OPINION]Liverpool 'prepared to sacrifice 10-goal attacker' in swap deal for Leeds star Raphinha [GOSSIP]  Saliba only turned 21 in March and therefore can be registered as a under-21 player as per Premier League rules for next term. From the 2023/24 campaign, Saliba will no longer be eligible to be an under-21 player. But, in further good news for Arsenal, he will be classed as homegrown. To be considered homegrown, players need to be registered with a club for a period of three seasons before his 21st birthday, and Saliba fits that criteria despite not playing a match for the Gunners. That could prove to be a masterstroke decision from Arsenal, dating back to before Arteta's reign at the club, allowing an extra spot for a foreign player. If Saliba establishes himself as a key member of the first-team squad, he will continue to be a homegrown player throughout his time in north London.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here