Loose Women's Kaye Adams, Sunetra Sarker, Jane Moore and Kelly Bryant all hosted the Jubilee Special on Friday afternoon. When discussing the ongoing celebrations happening across the country, talk turned to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle returning to the UK. Whilst Kaye Adams felt that bygones should be bygones, Jane Moore had other ideas. Kaye Adams kicked off the conversation and began: "Jubilee celebrations are continuing across the country, and everyone's eyes, of course, are on today's services at St Paul's. "Harry and Meghan are publicly reuniting with Kate and William for the first time, Jane, I took your recommendation last night and watched the BBC, Elizabeth the Unseen Queen. "And I was getting romantic about the whole thing and seeing the home movies and stuff, and I was thinking about Harry and Meghan, alone in a hotel room. "I thought, you know what, I think they should really patch it up, obviously, we cannot control what goes on behind closed doors. READ MORE: Rod Stewart admits Penny has ‘thing’ for Prince Charles "I think the country should patch it up, the whole Harry and Meghan thing has got so out of control, so here they are, they are back on British soil. "I think we should have a royal reset, are you with me?" she asked. Sunetra pondered: "What does that look like? What does a royal reset look like?" "It's got so... Harry and Meghan and analysing their every move, and people knowing so very little about them. "I don't have a view on them, when I say I don't care about them, it's not in a mean way, it's just not a big deal for me, but I think it got all scratchy and nasty and unpleasant and I think we should say water under the bridge and let them try again." Jane chimed in with her opinion of the pair returning to the UK and their relationship with Kate and William, adding: "I think as long as they get the same memo. "Because it's not like they haven't had their say about their life back here, so I think as long as they get the same memo. "I would hazard a guess that behind the scenes, there has already been a massive reset, and you say about that documentary. DON'T MISS...Hunniford in savage Meghan swipe upon Jubilee return [INSIGHT]Royal biographer shuts down Linda Robson in Meghan and Harry probe [LATEST]Brenda Edwards speaks out on touching tribute to late son  [WATCH] "You suddenly realise the royals behind the scenes have a life that none of us knows about, it looked charming, fun, dancing, all of the things that we don't see the Queen doing. "So I think behind the scenes they are completely fine now, but I think that because they did do quite a lot of interviews and outspoken things about life in Britain and how they didn't like it anymore. "The British public do still feel quite aggrieved, and I think, well, if you don't want us, we don't want you," she laughed. The Platinum Jubilee celebrations kicked off on Thursday afternoon and saw Queen Elizabeth II celebrate her 70 years on the throne. She made her second appearance of the day at Windsor Castle as she triggered the lighting of the principal Jubilee beacon. At the same time, thousands of beacons were lit in villages, towns and cities across the UK to honour the Queen's 70-year reign. Although traditionally, the principal beacon would be set on fire, this year, it took the form of a near-70ft light installation. Loose Women airs weekdays from 12:30pm on ITV.