The plant turns out to be an unlikely candidate for the next health fad. In recent years, posts have been shared online about how dandelions can cure cancer. USA Today even found one outlandish Instagram post purporting that “dandelion root may kill 98 percent of cancer cells within 48 hours”. However, to date, there is no comprehensive evidence that dandelion root can definitely cure cancer patients. Yet, there have been some promising findings about the plants health properties. There are a few encouraging studies suggesting that dandelion root extract has anti-cancer properties, although overall research is scant on the topic. In some breakthrough studies, the dandelion extract was found to reduce the growth of cancer cells in different organ systems. One four-week study on rats found that the dandelion root extract could limit the growth and spread of cancer cells. And there are various test-tube studies linking it to slow cancer growth in the liver, colon, and stomach.  READ MORE: Arthritis breakthrough: Research may have found a way to treat and even reverse arthritis  Yet, experts agree that the plant has other, less controversial health benefits.“Dandelions are loaded with vitamins A and K,” explains nutrition expert Jeff Taraday from breakingmuscle.com. He said: “Consuming vitamin A can help to improve vision in dim light, and it boosts the human body’s immune system “Vitamin K is much needed for the body when it comes to clotting the blood to heal wounds.  “There is also evidence that demonstrates vitamin K to be helpful for keeping bones healthy.” Research has suggested that the antioxidant properties of dandelion, among other things, can protect bone health. It does this by protecting against oxidative stress.  The dandelion leaves, roots, and flowers can be eaten, according to the Cleveland Clinic. Alone, dandelion leaves can have a “slight bitterness in taste” says Taraday. But combined with other lighter tasting greens such as spinach and chard they become “more palatable”.He explains: “Dandelion greens work well as an extra boost in green juices.“If the bitterness is too much to handle, simply squeeze some lemon juice on them or include lemon in your juice; it’ll cut the bitterness and help increase iron absorption.” For those that want to test out the dandelion root, it can be purchased as a supplement and in some cases is dried up and made into a tea. 