Alexander Zverev looks set to miss Wimbledon as the first timeline for his recovery from the horror injury he picked up at the French Open has emerged. The world No 3 went down during his semi-final against Rafael Nadal, crying out in pain and requiring a wheelchair to leave the court. He re-emerged on crutches to officially retire the match and has since confirmed that early medical checks showed he had “torn several ligaments”. Zverev was set to be the top seed at Wimbledon as he will rise to a career-high world No 2 next Monday, sitting behind Daniil Medvedev who will return to the top spot. And with Russians banned from The Championships this year, the second-ranked German was in pole position to be the top seed at a Major for the first time in his career. But it appears the 25-year-old won’t be able to recover in time for the grass-court Grand Slam, as an early timeline for his comeback published by L’Equipe claims Zverev will be out of action for six to eight weeks, meaning he will miss Wimbledon. The current world No 3 is reportedly hoping to be back in August ahead of the US Open, where he could get some warm-up tournaments under his belt at the Masters 1000 events in Canada and Cincinnati. Zverev has already withdrawn from one of the grass-court warm-up events in his home country next week as a result of his injury. JUST IN: Britain to host Billie Jean King Cup Finals after Raducanu glory  The German will be unable to play the ATP 500 event in Halle next week, with tournament director Ralf Weber saying: “Of course we would have liked to have seen him play in Halle but now it is important that he gets well again soon.” Zverev had enjoyed great success at the tournament, beating Roger Federer back in 2016 when he was aged just 19. Zverev revealed he had already returned home and started treatment in an Instagram story, showing the 25-year-old relaxing with his dogs while having a boot on his right foot. It comes after the 19-time title winner shared an update on his condition before flying to Germany. DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu fiercely defended by world No 5 Maria SakkariNadal fears surge as expert casts doubt over 'extreme' treatment planFederer has three tennis records Nadal and Djokovic may never match   “I am now on my way back home. Based on the first medical checks, it looks like I have torn several lateral ligaments in my right foot," he wrote in an Instagram post on Saturday. "I will be flying to Germany on Monday to make further examinations and to determine the best and quickest way for me to recover." 