Harry Kane has provided a glittering endorsement of England teammate Tammy Abraham amid links to Tottenham Hotspur's north London rivals Arsenal. Mikel Arteta is eyeing a marquee striker signing this summer, and Abraham's impressive exploits at AS Roma have garnered serious attention. After leaving Chelsea last summer, the 24-year-old netted 27 goals in 53 games in all competitions in his first season under Jose Mourinho at Roma. It ended with him lifting the inaugural Europa Conference League last month, and Arteta is reportedly eyeing a move for him. Ahead of England's Nations League defeat to Hungary on Saturday, Kane heaped praise on Abraham after his 'fantastic season'. And amid Premier League return links, Kane has placed his international teammate among other 'great English strikers' in the nation's top flight. He said: "I think that Tammy is a great player. He's had a fantastic season at club level, he's still learning and has experience to gain, but every time he comes here, he works hard and trains hard. He wants to impress the manager, he wants to score goals, and of course, it's great to have competition in every position. JUST IN: Leeds' Raphinha speaks out on future amid Barcelona transfer links "In the Premier League, we have some great English strikers who are scoring goals on a regular basis. Tammy is doing that for Roma as well, so he's a great player, and I'm sure he'll want to keep improving [and] keep working hard. That's what he'll try and do in this camp and going back to club level as well." Despite the speculation surrounding his future, Abraham seems settled in Italy and has credited the Roma fans as a prime reason he's 'more than happy' at the club. However, the former Chelsea star refused to rule out a return to his home country in the future. READ MORE: Mohamed Salah 'made Barcelona promise' as 2023 plan emerges for star "I would say I'm more than happy here," Abraham admitted. "Just the experience here, I had the experience of just the derby game. Derby games, of course, are big, but here they filled the roads weeks before the game. That's all they were talking about. "We had another game before it. They [the fans] weren't even talking about that game. They were saying, 'We have to beat Lazio'. Just the rivalry, the atmosphere in the stadium, just everything is incredible. So I'm happy here. You never know what the future holds, you can't write the future, but as far as it is, I'm satisfied." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.