Jennie Bond said she thought the monarch “will take a leaf out of her mother’s book”, after the Queen Mother also made use of a mobility cart. It comes after the 96-year-old pulled out of today’s (Friday) thanksgiving service at St Paul’s Cathedral after experiencing discomfort standing on the balcony of Buckingham Palace twice yesterday. The Queen has been known to have adopted a walking stick since the pandemic, a sign of her advancing years. Recently, other working royals have taken on more responsibilities, to lighten the load of the nonagenarian sovereign. Yesterday’s Trooping of the Colour – which kicked off Platinum Jubilee celebrations – was led by Prince William, and Prince Charles, Camilla and Kate will be officially representing the Queen at other events. Her Majesty still found the strength to take to the balcony twice to survey her troops and watch a spectacular 70-aircraft flypast, before lighting one of several beacons lit around the UK last night. READ MORE: Britons urge proud Queen to use wheelchair for Jubiliee – 'no shame!' According to actor and royal friend Christopher Biggins, the Queen has already been using a wheelchair in private, which was why she had cancelled events. However, he told GB News in March that she did not want to be seen because “she’s very proud. “She’s our greatest ever monarch. It’s so very sad and I hope she is able to make her anniversary celebrations.” Speaking to OK magazine this week, Ms Bond, a veteran BBC royal correspondent, said: “We have to be very careful not to say that the Queen doesn’t want to be seen in a wheelchair, because quite rightly people who are in wheelchairs will be very offended by that. “I think the Queen will come to embrace the idea of a wheelchair and that will be a huge help to her. “She’s embraced her cane now and I think she will take a leaf out of her mother’s book.” She added: “The Queen mother was rather reluctant to be seen to be frail in any way, but eventually they got a little mobility cart, like a golf buggy, and she resisted the idea until they painted it in her racing colours. “Once they had her racing colours on, she really took to it. She used it at the races, and at public events like her birthday.” DON'T MISSQueen’s outstanding ‘most currencies’ world record [INSIGHT]Lily of the valley: How to grow Queen Elizabeth II's favourite plant [ANALYSIS]Lady Louise Windsor health: Royal's ‘profound’ battle with eye problem [VIDEO]  Pictures from royal visits in 1961 show the Queen Mother in a wheelchair after what a newspaper clipping at the time described as a “mishap at Windsor Castle”. Even so, she was “determined” to be present for the christening of the Northern Star liner. She was also pictured visiting a school in a wheelchair that year, helped on by a student. However, it may be that the Queen is never seen in public in a wheelchair. Earlier this year, a series of cancelled appearances led to speculation about the Queen’s health, including her decision not to attend the Commonwealth Service at Westminster Abbey for the first time in a decade. Buckingham Palace released a statement insisting it was due to her own comfort. But others have suggested it's more to do with preserving a certain image of the monarch that drove the decision. Reference was made to a notable appearance of Princess Margaret at the Queen Mother’s 101 birthday in 2001, who after suffering a series of strokes was wheelchair-bound. A palace source previously told the Mirror that it was “a haunting image and not one the Queen remembers fondly”. A source who remembered the event told the Mail: “The optics were terrible. It was supposed to be about the Queen Mother but all anyone saw was a sadly declining Princess Margaret.”