Peaky Blinders came to a close with its sixth and final series earlier this year and yet, fans still have questions from throughout the drama's nine-year run. The BBC series saw gang member Isaiah Jesus portrayed by a new star when it returned for season five in 2019 with actor Jordan Bolger being replaced. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the change in casting. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Peaky Blinders. Irish actor Daryl McCormack was first seen in Peaky Blinders as Isaiah Jesus at the start of season five three years ago. Before this, he was probably best known for playing Luke Mackenzie in A Very English Scandal opposite Hugh Grant. Some of his other parts have been in ITV's Cleaning Up with Sheridan Smith and the drama Fair City. He also took to the stage for the West End show The Lieutenant of Irishmore with actor Aiden Turner. READ MORE: Bargain Hunt’s Roo Irvine opens up on ‘heart-breaking change in family McCormack's presence in Peaky Blinders as Isaiah didn't go unnoticed though by fans, leading many to query what happened to the former star Jordan Bolger. It was revealed at the time that he left the show after the fourth season due to clashing film commitments. He had signed up for The CW's sci-fi series The 100 as new character Miles Ezekiel Shaw. However, Peaky Blinders and The 100's filming schedules were at a similar time which meant he could no longer play Isiah. Bolger took to Twitter in July 2018 to announce he was leaving Peaky Blinders. He wrote: “Disappointingly it seems production aren’t able to work round my other commitments so as it stands I won’t be returning. "Peaky/Isaiah has been a big part of my life, a great experience and I’ve met some amazing people but this one is out of my control.” It wasn't until the following year that Bolger's replacement was revealed. DON'T MISS...Outlander: Why was Gemma Fray replaced as Brianna Fraser? [EXPLAINER]Emmerdale theory: Angelica King helping Nicola's attackers in twist [THEORY]Peaky Blinders: Who betrayed Tommy Shelby in Mosley assassination? [SPOILERS] The official Peaky Blinders Twitter and Facebook accounts made the announcement in August 2019. A picture showed McCormack dressed as the character Isiah, pointing a gun. The caption read: "Daryl McCormack joins the cast as Isaiah Jesus in #PeakyBlinders Series 5. "Starts Sunday 25th August at 9pm on @bbcone. @DarylMcCormack.” While a second added: “Honestly can’t wait to see how he portrays Isaiah but I know he’s gonna smash it.” (sic) Peaky Blinders is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.