Around 3,500 members of the Communication Workers Union (CWU) intend to walk out on Saturday. The walk out will be held at Crown Post Offices - the larger branches, often seen on high streets. Those in administration and supply chain networks plan to do the same on Monday. These follow industrial action earlier this month. The union said Post Office management is insisting on going ahead with a pay freeze for 2021-22. They add this will be followed only with a “marginally improved” pay offer for 2022. CWU assistant secretary Andy Furey said: “Our members do not want to be in this situation, but they won’t accept humiliation either. “Our members worked hard to deliver an excellent annual profit for the company – affordability isn’t management’s problem here. “Frankly, their degrading excuse for an offer has only hardened members, who won’t tolerate a collapse in their living standards. “We thank the public for their understanding and support, and we urge Post Office to get round the table and thrash out a real settlement that treats key worker heroes with the respect they deserve.”  A Post Office spokesperson said: “We want to assure our customers that the vast majority of our branches are unaffected by CWU strike action on Saturday. “There are 114 branches, typically in city centres, that are directly managed by Post Office. “Over two thirds would normally only be open between 9am and 12.30pm on a Saturday. We apologise to any customers who are inconvenienced by a closure.” This comes as tube workers, specifically members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union, also intend to strike this Monday for 24 hours. On Wednesday union leaders demanded face-to-face talks with London Mayor Sadiq Khan to avert the strike. The union is protesting over job cuts and a “looming threat” to pensions. RMT General Secretary Mick Lynch said: “We are demanding a direct face to face meeting with Mayor Sadiq Khan to sort this mess out. READ MORE: Armed police storm London high street after major incident [REVEAL]   “There's no point in our union continuing to sit opposite management representatives who have neither the inclination nor the authority to negotiate a settlement, when the power lies with the Mayor. “The Mayor of London has tax-raising powers. Just four banks made a profit of £34billion last year and are set to pay out over £4billion in bonuses to London traders. A windfall tax on those profits would more than adequately fund London's transport network. “Mayor Khan must choose either the take on the Tory Government and demand a just funding deal for Londoners or attack loyal Tube workers who keep the capital moving day in day out.” “Action short of a strike” will also be taking place across the next month, and could see station staff refuse to work overtime or rest days from Friday June 3 to Sunday July 10. TfL chiefs have warned some services may be affected by this and say short-notice station closures are possible. 