The young adult drama starring former Disney Channel star Sky Katz has become a surprise hit for Netflix, and fans already can’t wait for season two. While Surviving Summer’s continuation has yet to be confirmed, main cast member Kai Lewins has taken to Instagram with a special message for the hundreds of viewers who have made the series so successful. Ari Gibson star Kai has thanked co-star Liliana Bowery and her mother Alisa for organising an unofficial premiere for Surviving Summer. The Australian-produced series released to solid reviews at the start of June, and has already built up a strong fanbase. At present, the series still hasn’t been renewed for a second season, but demand from fans could change that in the coming weeks. In his latest Instagram post, Ari uploaded a number of snaps from the event featuring his friends and co-stars. READ MORE: Jane McDonald sparks frenzy with 'exciting' career announcement “A massive thank you to the powerhouses @lillianabowrey and @alisabowrey for organising the unofficial premiere of Surviving Summer,” he wrote. “Held at the @thomassurfboards factory, it was the first time I got to watch the show with others around. “The energy of the groms (and their parents) in the crowd made me fully realise we’d created something truly special. “Since release, the worldwide support for this show has been monumental. I am unbelievably blessed to be a part of it.” He signed off by crediting photographers Walk and See Media and thanking the “entire cast and crew of Surviving Summer”. Kai’s post also received several heartwarming comments from his Surviving Summer co-stars. Chris Alosio replied: “Love you big dawg. Grind don't stop.” “LOVE YOU,” Lilliana Bowrey exclaimed. And Savannah La Rain said: “Love you very much Kai.” DON'T MISS:The Last Kingdom’s King Edward star ‘sent into a spiral’ [INTERVIEW]Succession’s Gerri star admits Brian Cox is ‘terrifying’ [INSIGHT]Stranger Things theory: Vecna kills Eleven in foreshadowing clue [THEORY] “I love you Ari Bear,” Cantona Stewart replied. “Save some lefts for me down south.” The sleeper hit starred Sky Katz as rebellious teen Summer Torres, who moves to a surfing village on the coast of Australia when her mum lands a new job in the Middle East. While the moody New York skater initially pushes back against her new home, she eventually falls in love with Shorehaven and seems destined to go back following the first season’s ambiguous ending. On potential for a second season, Sky told Express.co.uk: “Listen, I hope so.” “It’ll be a bit before that’s determined, but we’re all crossing our fingers.” And Liliana added on Instagram: "I don’t know if there will be a second season as yet (it’s only been 6 days since release). “But if the world keeps watching and loving the show surely there’s a high chance there will be one right?!” For now, though, fans will just have to keep streaming the sun-soaked surfing series in the hopes Netflix sits up and pays attention to demands for more from Summer and her new friends. Surviving Summer is available to stream on Netflix.