Daley Blind says he'd like “unbelievable” Ajax team-mate Jurrien Timber to stay for another year amid transfer interest from Manchester United. Timber is one of United’s priority targets in the summer transfer window but is yet to make up his mind over a move to Old Trafford.   United are expected to be busy when the window opens on July 1 with manager Erik ten Hag wanting to bring in at least six new players. Ten Hag wants to bring Timber with him from Ajax, where the 20-year-old defender has established himself as one of the best young players in Europe. Ajax have put a £36million price tag on the youngster to ward off interest from United but he is yet to make a final decision on his future. His club and international team-mate – and former United defender – Blind was asked about Timber following the Netherlands’ 4-1 win over Belgium on Friday. "He is wise enough to make his own choices," he said. "I don’t need to explain what kind of talent and player he is. How important he is to us. What he shows from the start though is unbelievable. Of course, as a teammate, I hope he stays for another year. I cannot influence that. I can only say that Ajax must do its best to keep him."  JUST IN: Ousmane Dembele to Chelsea 'taking off' as Boehly closes in on signing According to The Mirror, Timber is having doubts about following Ten Hag to United. Timber is keen to secure his place in the Netherlands’ squad for the Qatar World Cup at the end of the year and is concerned a transfer might disrupt his playing time. Gini Wijnaldum has been axed from Louis van Gaal’s squad due to a lack of football at Paris Saint-Germain and Timber is reportedly minded to stay put at Ajax this summer. De Telegraaf says he is leaning towards snubbing United’s approach.  DON'T MISS Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag tipped to cause Southgate major headache Sir Alex Ferguson health: Man Utd star on toll of brain aneurysm Cristiano Ronaldo eyes Man Utd trophy target with Erik ten Hag New Ajax manager Alfred Schreuder has spoken with Timber and the possibility of getting a new contract has been mentioned in Amsterdam. Ajax will reportedly meet with his representatives soon to talk about extending his deal and increasing his wages. The Dutchman’s contract currently expires in 2024, but the Eredivisie champions are keen to protect his value. Timber made 38 appearances across the league and Champions League last season and chipped in with three goals and two assists. Ten Hag has Harry Maguire, Raphael Varane, Victor Lindelof and Eric Bailly in his United squad for next season but is keen to sign a new defender. Central midfield is another area of priority, with Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard, Juan Mata and Nemanja Matic all leaving at the end of the month. 