Manchester United haven’t ruled out a ‘quick’ deal for Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong, according to reports. It’s been known for some time now that the Netherlands international is Erik ten Hag’s top target at Old Trafford. But negotiations remain ongoing and no end to the saga currently looks in sight. Manchester United want to sign De Jong to compensate for the midfield departures of Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba, who are likely to play for Roma and Juventus respectively next season. But, at the current moment in time, no agreement with Barcelona has been reached. Ten Hag has made it known behind the scenes at Old Trafford that he sees De Jong as being the talisman of his project at the club. With no deal yet to be struck, however, there have been fears that the saga could end up dragging on all summer. Now, though, the Manchester Evening News say it’s still possible that United will be able to strike a ‘quick deal’ for the 25-year-old. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer It’s claimed that sources at the club haven’t ruled out that outcome if all parties can come to an agreement. Barcelona chief Joan Laporta has previously suggested the Catalan titans need to get their finances in check by the end of June, saying last month: “We were in a very tight financial situation and that is the priority now. “We have clearly worked very hard this year. “If we can sort out the club’s finances before June 30, and I think we will, then we will be able to undertake all the operations we have planned.” And those comments suggest United still have hope of signing De Jong this month. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links Barcelona are hoping to register Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie, who have left Chelsea and AC Milan respectively. And they’re also keen on landing Robert Lewandowski and Bernardo Silva amid uncertainty over their futures at Bayern Munich and Manchester City. If United are to recruit De Jong, he’ll likely go straight into the club’s midfield. He could then be deployed alongside Donny van de Beek, who he previously played with at Ajax. And the duo may then act as a foil for Bruno Fernandes, with the Portugal international likely to be a key asset for Ten Hag. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz If De Jong does move to England, he’ll become the ninth player to play for both United and their La Liga rivals. Henrik Larsson, Mark Hughes, Laurent Blanc, Jordi Cruyff, Gerard Pique, Victor Valdes, Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Alexis Sanchez have turned out for both teams over the years. And whether United are able to conclude a deal within the next few weeks remains to be seen. He’s not the only midfielder being linked with a move to Old Trafford, either. There’s been talk of a bid for Ruben Neves, even though Wolves would want around £100million to part ways with their prized asset. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Chelsea’s N’Golo Kante has also been the subject of rumours as his contract at Stamford Bridge winds down. Meanwhile, Ryan Gravenberch has revealed he turned down interest from Ten Hag and United before choosing to join Bayern Munich. “Manchester United is a very big and nice club,” he stated. “But I already had such a good feeling at Bayern and I had them given my word.” Gravenberch is now poised to play at Bayern, who could also lose Lewandowski to Barcelona before the transfer window shuts.