Keeping your bath mat clean and free from mould is important for sanitary purposes as well as aesthetic ones. Mould is a fungus which thrives in warm, damp environments around the home, which is why it is so common in bathrooms. Bath mats are designed to absorb water when you are getting out of the tub or shower. However, if they are constantly wet, it creates a perfect environment for mould spores to form. A build-up of mould can be dangerous, especially for people with respiratory conditions. Moulds produce allergens, irritants and, sometimes, toxic substances. According to the NHS: "Inhaling or touching mould spores may cause an allergic reaction, such as sneezing, a runny nose, red eyes and skin rash. Moulds can also cause asthma attacks." According to cleaning experts from SF Gate: "Prevention and maintenance are key in deterring harmful mould growth from occurring in the first place." READ MORE: Cleaning tips: Correct way to clean toilet limescale - avoid 2p trick Given how often your bath mat is in contact with water, mould can become inevitable at some point. However, keeping on top of how often you clean your bathmat, as well as allowing it ample time to dry off properly, can keep spores from spreading. SF Gate said: "Be proactive in preventing the growth of mould by washing and drying bath mats at least once a week or more." You should also hang your bath mat after use in order for it to dry. A well-ventilated bathroom is essential for deterring mould. SF Gate added: "If your bathroom rug smells, purchase a bath mat made from cork, wood or bamboo instead. "These are more resistant to mould growth for easier maintenance and less frequent washings." DON'T MISSHow to clean kettle limescale with natural ingredients [EXPLAINER]How to get rid of fruit flies fast: Three easy traps to make at home [INSIGHT]House prices: Just one major UK city has falling house prices [REPORT] Some bath mats are machine washable, which means you can simply throw them in on a hot cycle alongside some towels every few weeks. Other types of bath mats, particularly those with rubber backing or a high-shag surface, may need to be hand-washed. If your bath mat is machine washable, set your washing machine to a gentle cycle and the water temperature to a warm or hot setting. This will work to kill any existing mould, mildew or bacteria on the bath mat. Make sure to allow your bath mat time to fully dry after a wash. This can be done either in a tumble dryer or simply by hanging your mat. SF Gate said: "Let it drip dry if the mat has a rubber backing to prevent cracking or peeling." If your bath mat needs to be hand-washed, you can use laundry detergent and white vinegar to tackle any mouldy areas. Place the bath mat in the sink, bath or a large bucket of water. Make sure to protect your hands by wearing rubber gloves during the cleaning process. Pour a small capful of detergent into the water and scrub the bath mat using a soft-bristled brush on both the front and the back. You can apply white vinegar to sanitise and clean any mould spots. Due to its high percentage of acetic acid, white vinegar can be used as a natural antifungal and antibacterial cleaning agent. Make sure to allow your bath mat plenty of time to dry off before returning it to the bathroom.