Twitter wokesters I trust you will be organising a pile-on as we speak because frankly it is hard to figure any other interpretation of Sir Keir's Jabba the Hutt jibe thrown, as it was, in the Prime Minister's well-upholstered direction.  Jabba the Hutt, for readers under the age of 50, is described on Wikpedia as a fat slug like creature who is either the galaxy's most powerful gangster or a minor antagonist, depending which line you read. And in that context, again depending on the line you prefer, the barb may have had some merit. But the reference is 39-years-old (Return of the Jedi - 1983) and if Sir Keir was looking for a metaphor to bring a hitherto unexpected exciting street edge to Prime Minster's Questions (and help confound those meanies calling him teeth-grindingly boring), Jabba wasn't it.Indeed at today's PMQs it rather felt like Sir Keir's advisers had shaken up a bag of metaphors and picked them out at random to insert into Labour leader's PMQ's spiel.So Boris was one minute Jabba the Hutt (and indeed playing Jedi mind games) then by turns he was "an ostrich with his head in the sand" and even a Love Island contestant with a high "ick" factor.Love Island, for readers over the age of 50, is described by Wikipedia as "a dating reality show". We are told: "It features a group of single contestants who live together in a specially constructed villa that is isolated from the outside world." Oddly this is almost word for word how Wiki describes the House of Commons.Anyway, in the plus box for Sir Keir after his disastrous showing at last week's PMQs (which should have been a ritual slaughter given we had a disgraced Prime Minister clinging to power by his finger tips) the Labour leader seemed to have distinctly more lead in his pencil today.Indeed Boris noted the same, even going so far to suggest it had been put there by Kier's deputy leader Angela Rayner.He chirruped: "No matter how much welly his deputy leader might ask him to provide... that welly is still on the left foot!"Yes, tortuous metaphors it turns out are not the sole preserve of the left.Sir Keir, wisely for once, largely tried to stick to a single issue and hammer it home as best he could - that issue being encapsulated in the repeated question: "Britain is set for lower growth than every major economy except Russia, why?"But Boris simply countered with an entirely contradictory claim apparently backed by IMF and OECD figures that Britain was about to boom.You pays your money...  Elephant in the room? The migrant plan that dare not speak its name - Rwanda. Despite this dominating every news agenda and indeed every pub conversation right now there was barely a mention.Another clue, were any more needed, that neither side of the house seems entirely comfortable with the plan. The Tories because of it's sledgehammer to crack a nut feeling and Labour because they simply have no better idea to tackle the awfulness of people trafficking.For my money though the highpoint of this afternoon's PMQ shenanigans was a low key observation from Edward Timpson (Con Eddisbury) that 25 percent of eligible pensioners were not claiming Pension Credits.They're worth, incidentally, £3,300 quid. So get claiming.Gosh! Who knew listening to Prime Minister's Questions could ever actually be a profitable enterprise.