Later this month, a documentary depicting the life of Diana, Princess of Wales will be released and will be told through archive footage of the Royal Family. In August, it will be 25 years since Princess Diana tragically died in a car crash. However, speaking in a new interview with Lorraine Kelly, filmmaker Ed spoke about why he wanted to make the film. And when asked whether he hopes Prince William and Prince Harry will watch it, he insisted to the host that the film about their mother is "well-balanced". Ed began by explaining that the story of Princess Diana has been told many times before, but they mainly focussed on the breakdown of her marriage to Prince Charles. "Our sense was that a lot of the films today have been kind of quite interior," he said. "They're often trying consciously to get inside her head and to try to understand her psyche, possibly to understand the breakdown of her marriage. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun fans slam pair for rejecting 'dream' Danni find  "And that's all very interesting, but inevitably [it] involves a degree of speculation. "And the bit of this story that is a bit of a puzzle and that I found most interesting, that hasn't yet been explored and I don't think it has much detail is... what does this story say about all of us? "So the whole point of this film is really through the archive-only approach and by not using interviews and by not using retrospective analysis. "It is to, kind of, force us to look ourselves to turn the camera back on to all of us and hopefully to ask ourselves some really difficult questions about, yes, our relationship to Diana but also our relationship with the Monarchy." Ed explained the most interesting part was to explore what role the public played in the lead up to Princess Diana's death. He told Lorraine that the film is not about blame, as he continued: "It's about me as it is about anyone else." The director added: "We all want the fairytale and lots of people want the fairytale but there's a cost added, but at whose expense?" The host replied: "It's like they're [the Royal Family] not real and for entertainment. DON'T MISS...Suzie Fletcher children: Does The Repair Shop star have any children? [CAST]James Martin defends butter obsession in candid family admission [VIDEO]'It's real' JB Gill speaks out on Jeremy Clarkson’s farming struggles [INSIGHT] "I watched hundreds and hundreds of hours of footage and when you watch Diana's life story, her public life, you realise that for most people, it was almost like a natural soap opera." Ed said he never saw the Royal Family as characters, admitting: "It has forced me to be more sympathetic towards them, what they're going through and the challenges that they face, but they're not perfect." Turning her attention to Prince Harry and Prince William, who were 12 and 15 when their mum died, Lorraine asked Ed what they will make of the documentary. "What do you think they'll think of it? Because I think they would even come to an understanding of their mother in some way and more fo the public's reaction to their mother," Lorraine said. "I hope they feel that we have been fair and balanced," Ed admitted. "Whenever we take a story like this on... I understand the sensitivities involved and the responsibility I take on very seriously and I hope they feel we have been fair and balanced. "We haven't come to this with any agenda, that's not to say we haven't formed a point of view by really getting into this story and understanding it. "But the point of view is we all need to force us to look at ourselves." Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV.