Two-time major champion Sandy Lyle feels Rory McIlroy will need to act "like a boxer" this week in trying to navigate the tricky conditions at The Country Club in Brookline in his bid to win the US Open. McIlroy is arguably the most in-form golfer on the PGA Tour at the moment with four top-eight finishes in his last five tournaments. He set the world alight with his final round at The Masters back in April, carding an incredible round of eight-under par. McIlroy was also in the hunt at the PGA Championship, only for Justin Thomas to pip him at the end. But it all came together last weekend in his defence of the Canadian Open title he won 12 months prior. Sunday's battle with Justin Thomas and Tony Finau was captivating with all three golfing superstars playing at the top of their game. Despite two bogeys on the 13th and 16th, McIlroy still finished with a round of 62 to win the tournament heading into the US Open this week. There seems to be a buoyed nature from McIlroy throughout 2022 and it's reflecting in his golf game at the moment. JUST IN: Rory McIlroy hits out at 'selfish' stars over LIV defection  The US Open is often seen as one of the hardest challenges in golf and The Country Club will test everybody this weekend. And Lyle, champion golfer of the year in 1985, believes McIlroy's best chance will be to take things slow in the opening round. "I watched quite a bit of the golf and Rory was doing what we often expect him to do in knocking the pin out and making some putts," he told Express Sport. "That's what he was doing. He was making putts and he looked very happy. If you're shooting eight-under and only winning by two shots "I think that was as bigg an enjoyment he's had playing with another guy in Justin Thomas who was playing every bit as well, and Finau, who was hanging in there. For him to come through that, that was a huge momentum, body-building, mind-building situation for him to follow for the US Open. DON'T MISS  "I think he'll have his sights really high this week. Golf is not one of these things that has a guarantee. It can turn around in a sixpence and kick you in the teeth if things don't go right in the first few holes. "Rory is going to play very cagey golf and get comfortable. Like a boxer, you don't go in there flying in the first few minutes. You genuinely just feel around your opponent and then take the course on as time goes on." McIlroy is grouped with 2021 Masters champion Hideki Matsuyama and Olympic gold medallist Xander Schauffele with the trio teeing off at 12.40pm BST on Thursday and starting on hole 10. The second round will see them all tee-off later in the evening on Friday at 6.25pm BST, starting on hole one. Sandy Lyle is supporting The 150th Open Championship Claret Jug Tour, in partnership with HSBC UK. For more information of where the trophy will be visit TheOpen.com, and follow @TheOpen and @HSBC_UK on social.