Since making their decision to step down as senior royals in 2020, Prince Harry and Meghan have settled in the US, with the Duke previously stating that America "feels like home". Speaking on TalkTv, journalist Afua Hagan slated the US by stating that the country has "enough problems" without "taking on our Royal Family". Ms Hagan claimed that for some people "hating on Meghan Markle is a sport". She added: "They have uniforms, they have leaks and they get points every week in a country where you have repealed essential rights for women. "In a country where you won't ban guns and guns kills more children every year than cancer." She continued: "You are doing polls about Meghan and Harry, America has enough problems without having to take on our Royal Family. READ MORE: Kate and William issue rare personal message in deeply emotional tribute to Deborah James "It's not a thing." Ms Hagan added: "People will read into everything that Meghan and Harry do because they need a hate figure. "[and] they've picked Meghan and Harry as the hate figure." She concluded: "These polls don't mean anything, it's just ludicrous." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Must make difference!' Meghan finally breaks silence on 'anger' at US The Sussexes announced their decision to step down from royal life on their official Instagram account in January 2020. The couple posted a picture of the two of them, along with a statement in the caption. The statement noted that the decision had been made "after many months of reflection and internal discussions". They stated they had chosen "to make a transition" in order to "carve out a progressive new role within this institution". Although they intended to step down, they declared they would still "fully support Her Majesty The Queen" DON'T MISS Following their exit, the couple now reside in California with their two children, Archie and Lilibet. Their son Archie was born in the UK, whilst their daughter, who recently celebrated her first birthday, was born in the US. READ NEXT: