F1 chiefs could be set to revoke Nelson Piquet’s access to the paddock after the three-time world champion used a racist term to describe Lewis Hamilton during an interview. Piquet twice referred to the Briton as "the neguinho" as he discussed Hamilton’s collision with Max Verstappen at last year’s Silverstone Grand Prix.   Mercedes ace Hamilton collided with his Red Bull rival during the opening lap of the British Grand Prix last July as Verstappen went veering off the track at high speed at the infamous Copse corner. And Hamilton subsequently went on to win the race. During an interview with Motorsport Talk’s Ricardo Oliveira in Portuguese last November, Piquet suggested that Hamilton was at fault for the collision. The video of the interview was then broadcast by Brazilian media, with the comments drawing attention on Monday evening. “The neguinho put the car in the wrong way and didn't let [the other driver swerve],” Piquet said. “The neguinho put the car in the wrong way on the corner - it's because you don't know the curve. It's a very high curve - there is no way to pass two cars and there's no way you can put the car aside. He did [Verstappen] dirty. His luck was that only the other one was gone.” READ MORE: F1 news LIVE: Lewis Hamilton 'racially abused', Horner and Wolff row, British GP latest   The comments have caused outrage across the sport. And, according to PA, Piquet could be banned from the paddock if he doesn’t issue a public apology to Hamilton. After the comments came to light, Hamilton released a message in Portuguese - Piquet's native language - which translated as: “Let's focus on changing the mindset.” And he then released a follow-up statement which read: “It’s more than language. These archaic mindsets need to change and have no place in our sport. I’ve been surrounded by these attitudes and targeted my whole life. There has been plenty of time to learn. Time has come for action.” DON'T MISS Lewis Hamilton reacts after Nelson Piquet's racial slur on Mercedes star Mercedes chief will 'cry' if Hamilton wins British GP as he prays for Verstappen 'stumble' Mercedes release statement after Nelson Piquet's racist comment on Lewis Hamilton    And Mercedes released a statement as well: “We condemn in the strongest terms any use of racist or discriminatory language of any kind,” it read. “Lewis has spearheaded our sport's efforts to combat racism, and he is a true champion of diversity on and off track. Together, we share a vision for a diverse and inclusive motorsport, and this incident underlines the fundamental importance of continuing to strive for a brighter future.” Meanwhile, the FIA also condemned the language Piquet used. “The FIA strongly condemns any racist or discriminatory language and behaviour, which have no place in sport or wider society. We express our solidarity with Lewis Hamilton and fully support his commitment to equality, diversity and inclusion in motor sport.” Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 