According to Prostate Cancer UK, more than 47,500 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer every year, equating to roughly 129 men each day. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Professor Hashim Ahmed, consultant urological surgeon at Cromwell Hospital said: "Prostate cancer is the most common type of cancer amongst men in the UK and mainly affects those over the age of 50. “In many cases, prostate cancer doesn’t cause any symptoms. "Problems with urinating can often be one of the first signs that something is wrong, especially if the cancer is pressing on or growing near the urethra. “It is really important that men speak to their GP as soon as possible if they notice any changes to their urine – or any other symptoms.” He added: "If you’re displaying these symptoms, don’t panic. "These can all be caused by other problems and many are just temporary symptoms. "All the same, it’s still a good idea to speak to your GP about any concerns you may have as soon as possible, so they can investigate further.” READ MORE: 'That hurt!' David Tennant's wife Georgia on surviving cancer Needing to urinate more frequently, often at night According to Professor Ahmed, needing to go to the toilet more often than usual could be an early warning sign of prostate cancer. He told Express.co.uk: “You’ll know what’s normal to you but, if you start needing to urinate more often during the day, get a sudden urge to go or needing to get up during the night it can be a sign that your prostate has enlarged or of something else that is wrong such as a UTI.” Difficulty starting to urinate As well as needing the toilet more often, some men may find they are straining when they begin to urinate. Professor Ahmed explained: “As well as needing to urinate more often, men tend to find that when they get to the toilet, they have problems starting to urinate. "This may be because the enlarged prostate or tumour is blocking the urine flowing through to the urethra.” DON'T MISSJoanna Lumley health: Star's health tip that helps her avoid illness [REVEALED]Dementia: The 'difficulty' when using a kettle that may be a sign [COMMENT]Coronavirus: What are the chances of an outbreak this summer? [INTERVIEW] A weak flow of urine A slow or weak urinary stream can be a sign of pressure on the urethra. Professor Ahmed said: “A weak flow of urine can happen if the cancer is pressing on the urethra, meaning not all the urine in the bladder is able to pass. "It may also mean that your bladder doesn’t feel empty and you need to go more frequently.” Difficulty stopping urination Dr Amend explained: “Similarly to finding it difficult to start urinating, men might also find it difficult to stop urinating once they’ve started, or may find they dribble urine after they’ve finished peeing.” Feeling unable to fully empty your bladder As with many other symptoms, a feeling of not being able to fully empty your bladder can be associated with swelling or a growth. Professor Ahmed explained: "This may be caused because the tumour or enlarged prostate is blocking the urine flowing through the urethra.” Blood in the urine Blood in the urine is a major warning sign which should never be ignored, though it is important to note this is not always a symptom of cancer. Dr Ahead said: “Blood in the urine or semen can be a key sign that something is wrong. "Even if it is only a small amount of blood, it is really important that this is checked by your GP as soon as possible.”