Tim Allen, 69, was the voiceover of Toy Story's main character Buzz Lightyear in the four Disney films. For the new spin-off, Buzz is played by Chris Evans, and Tim criticised the new film in a recent interview. Tim voiced Buzz alongside Tom Hanks who voiced the cowboy Woody in the legendary films. The 1995 film scooped an incredible $373 million at the box office and is known as one of the most loved animated movies of all time. The spin-off, Lightyear, was not met with the same success, only making $51.7 million in North America on its first weekend in theaters. Speaking about the film on American show Extra, Tim said: "It's a wonderful story, it just doesn't seem to have any connection to the toy. READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning "It has no relationship to Buzz. "We talked about this many years ago…but the brass that did the first four movies is not this. It's a whole new team that really had nothing to do with the first movies. "I've stayed out of this." In the new film, Hollywood's Chris Evans voices the Buzz character, with many speculating Tim's absence from the new movie to be due to his strong political views. The actor has been quoted saying that he "liked that Donald Trump p****d people off" as well as calling himself a "politically, kind of an anarchist". The new Lightyear movie follows the origins of how the astronaut Buzz became Buzz Lightyear, before he was immortalised in a toy belonging to Andy. Not all agreed with Tim's replacement, with actress Patricia Heaton taking to Twitter to share her anger at the situation. She wrote on June 14: "Saw the trailer for Buzz Lightyear and all I can say is Disney/Pixar made a HUGE mistake in not casting my pal @ofctimallen. DON'T MISS... R Kelly sentenced to 30 years in prison for sex abuse crimes [LATEST] Loose Women’s Denise Welch sparks frenzy in busty red swimsuit snap [LOOSE WOMEN] Ashley Roberts puts on boozy display at Wimbledon 2022 [WIMBLEDON] "Tim Allen in the role that he originated, the role that he owns. "Tim IS Buzz! Why would they completely castrate this iconic, beloved character?" Her anger did not end there as she sent a separate tweet explaining her reasoning the following day. She penned: "Ok so the current Buzz Lightyear movie is an origin story - but the reason the character became so beloved is because of what @ofctimallen created. "Why remove the one element that makes us want to see it? #stupidHollywooddecisions." In a recent interview, Chris admitted he was intimidated to be taking on the role from Tim. He said: "[Tim Allen] is Buzz Lightyear to me too – I grew up on these movies. "So, you certainly want to use it as a template...And he did such a good job, I would be a fool to not absorb some of the choices. "But at the same time you have to kind of make some kind of fresh track in the snow."