Principality Building Society has upped the rate on its Online ISA by 0.3 percent, to 1.3 percent. The news comes after the Bank of England increased the base rate from one percent to 1.25 percent. An account can be opened with just £1 and customers can make as many deposits as they want. Eleanor Williams, finance expert at Moneyfacts.co.uk, said: “Savers who are looking for a flexible account and who wish to utilise their ISA allowance may well be tempted by this deal as it allows unlimited deposits. “This account improves its position in our top tables following the update, however, savvy investors may want to schedule in a review, as the bonus portion of the rate expires after 12 months and the rate paid will then reduce. “Overall, the account earns an Excellent Moneyfacts product rating.” READ MORE: Inheritance warning as Britons shell out £100,000 unnecessarily The rate includes a bonus rate of 0.4 percent, which is in effect only for the first 12 months. Savers can transfer funds in cash or from stocks and shares ISAs. The Online ISA can be opened and managed online, and can be closed at any time. Applicants opening a new account must be 16 or over. DON'T MISSInflation rises to 9.1 percent in staggering blow for pensioners [LATEST]Triple lock to provide boost but pensioners urged to get £3,300 [INSIGHT]Pension warning as you could wipe 11 years of income off your savings [ANALYSIS] Interest is calculated daily and is paid each year on April 6. Savers with £100 or more in the account will get notice of any reduction in interest rates at least 14 days before the changes come into effect. Account holders can pay in from £1 to £20,000 each year, up to a total of £250,000. The Bank of England decided to increase the base rate as inflation reached a 40-year high of nine percent. READ MORE: Dave Ramsey suggests how widow who 'can't afford to eat' can get by The central bank has warned that inflation could reach 11 percent by the end of the year. The Bank of England said: “We will take the actions necessary to bring inflation down to two percent. This is the target the Government has set us. “Precisely where interest rates will go depends on what happens in the economy and what we think will happen to the rate of inflation over the next few years. “So we can’t say now exactly how high they will go. But they are not likely to reach the very high levels that some people experienced in the past.” Earlier this week, Money Saving Expert founder Martin Lewis gave a round up this week of the best rates on savings accounts at the moment. For the most basic easy access savings accounts, the top rate is Virgin Money’s M Plus, at 1.56 percent, he said. This applies to balances up to £25,000, with a 0.75 percent rate on any amount above this limit. Savers switching from another bank can also get loyalty points for 12 bottles of wine. Mr Lewis also recommended the Chase saver account, at 1.5 percent.