Over 60s in England could be left waiting years until they are entitled to the freebie benefit, if a proposal were to come into force. Currently, those who are living in England are able to qualify for free medication on the NHS once they reach turn 60. However, the Government has outlined plans to align eligibility for free prescriptions with the state pension age. The state pension age in the UK is currently 66, however this is set to change in the upcoming years. This means that millions of people, who would have otherwise been entitled to free prescriptions, would have to wait longer if the plans come into effect. However residents in Scotland and Wales are able to claim free prescriptions via the NHS no matter what age they are. The two options presented by the Department of Health in a public consultation focussed on the implementation of this change. READ MORE: 'A threat!' Pensioner left ‘to scrabble' for cash after energy firm introduced rule change “The above options would have varying impacts for people who need NHS prescriptions, and could raise additional revenue for the NHS.” As the cost of living crisis continues, the possible rule change could mean millions more people paying for their prescriptions which would only put a further financial squeeze on their lives. Britons with certain conditions are urged to claim their free prescriptions as this could save in the long term. The qualifying factors for free prescriptions: Alternatively one of the main ways people save money on prescriptions is by purchasing a prepayment certificate or a PPC that is otherwise known. Those who need regular medication it may opt to save by buying the certificate, which covers prescriptions for a period of time. Once someone is in receipt of this concession, all of their prescriptions are covered under it. An individual who claims two rounds of medication a month could receive a discount which would save them £100 a year. This discount is accessible via the NHS prescriptions website and people have the option to pay by card or direct debit. Savers can choose to purchase a prepayment certificate for three months or 12 months, depending on their circumstances. A Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson said: “Around 90 percent of community prescription items in England are free of charge, and people don’t pay if they are on a low income, over 60, or have certain medical conditions. “The upper age exemption has not changed since 1995 and that is why we have consulted on restoring the link with the state pension age. We are considering the responses carefully and will respond in due course.”