Simon Cowell has come under fire for his choice of act to join the Britain's Got Talent final as a wildcard. The final airs on ITV later this evening and it will see the remaining 10 acts, plus the judges' wildcard, take to the stage. Viewers were not happy with the decision, accusing Simon of making contradictory comments. Throughout the week, two acts from each semi-final were awarded a place in tonight's show. They will all be in with a chance of winning a £250,000 cash prize, plus a place at this year's Royal Variety Performance. On Friday Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly announced the judges will be bringing one act back for a second chance. Viewers were keen to know who it would be as head judge Simon had dropped a number of hints through his feedback. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans baffled as actor's BGT audition gets 'axed' Ahead of the live show, the BGT Twitter account revealed the wildcard was Amber and The Dancing Collies. The dancing dogs impressed the audience and Amber had choreographed a spectacular Pirates of the Caribbean-themed routine. When she did not win a place in the final, fans took to social media to say she had been "robbed". The BGT announcement said: "The Judges have decided, and our #BGT 2022 WILDCARD is...Amber and The Dancing Collies. "Let's remind ourselves of their paw-tastic Semi-Final performance." The post included a link to a video of their pirate-themed act, but viewers were not happy. @sammierose3103 said: "So Simon said ALL week he'd choose Immi as a wildcard and then this happens... absolute bull. "This show is absolute rubbish now. If Loren or Axel wins, I won't be watching it again." @LoveisLove_2020 said: "Really and where is Immi Davis?? The dog act was very poor but then I guess it's no competition for the professional singer that is fixed to win it this year." @Greenizzyy shared: "Obviously to help the pro singer win as Simon expressed that he didn't like the act. DON'T MISS... 'Politics getting in the way' BGT viewers slam judges' semi-final vote [DISCUSSION] Simon Cowell defends Britain's Got Talent's Loren Allred in 'fix' row [VIDEO] David Williams orders Simon Cowell to ‘go home’ after BGT act jibe [VIDEO] "What a joke, the final is so boring and predictable. "Immi should of gotten that wildcard, new judges please. SO Appalling." [Sic] @abbs_2106 concluded: "What the hell??? The judges complained about her performance but somehow brought her back? "Although there was many with flawless performances that haven't been given a wild card?" [Sic] However, there were some fans who were thrilled to see Amber and her furry friends returning. @stonecoldsaa said: "Superb choice. Was an amazing act. Being able to train dogs to do this is something else. "All the people who are moaning try training your dogs and see how hard it is." @CharlieWebb8 added: "I’m so thrilled that Amber and The Dancing Collies are this year’s WILDCARD!! "They should have initially been out through! So pleased for her and the dogs, she works so hard to put on a fabulous performance." Simon addressed the decision during the live final, saying they were the "most obvious" choice and could go as far as winning the show. Amber will be joined by the other finalists including Maxwell Thorpe, Jamie Leahey, Aneeshwar Kunchala, 5 Star Boys, Tom Ball, Eva Abley, Axel Blake, Ben Nickless, Flintz & T4ylor and Loren Allred.  The Britain's Got Talent final airs on ITV tonight at 7.30pm