As rail strikes across the nation throw the transport network into the worst chaos caused by union action in over 30 years, additional strikes in the coming months threaten to bring a summer of discontent for the UK. Rail staff have walked out in response to an ongoing dispute concerning employee pay alongside working conditions and job security. Further trade unions, including those representing the education and health sectors, have threatened to ballot members for strike action in the weeks ahead if similar workplace concerns are not resolved within their respective industries. Disgruntled members of the population have called for an urgent shift in the Conservative Government policy in favour of a return to former prime minister Margaret Thatcher's policy of exerting control over trade unions in order to minimise economic disruption.    Speaking to LBC, one frustrated caller gave his analysis of the strikes as millions across the country are left to suffer the consequences of the walkout. “I hear Mr Lynch and I hear what he says about the nuts and bolts of his various grievances and all the rest of it. “But, he doesn’t mention one thing and, to be fair to him, there's no reason why he should - he doesn’t mention the national interest. “The interest of those who rely upon his services to get to work, to get to hospital appointments, to go to funerals, to get on holiday, and so on. “I’m afraid, with great regret, I’ve come to the view that the national interest overrides the interests of his members.”   The caller asserted that the national interest of the public should supersede the union preference for strike action, although he determined it was not the trade unions who should face blame for the disruption, it was the inaction of the Government. He continued: “I’m not blaming him, he is there to represent his members. Having said that, employers can’t have it all their own way either. “The only way I can see as a way forward in these big industries, as they’ve got a great industrial muscle which they can flex because they’re not subject to commercial influences in the way that private firms are, is to have some form of arbitration service where there are disputes and a binding judgment is made. “Mr Lynch made a very bleak reference to the fact that he’s going to be part of a wider movement and we’re going to see a lot more of this. “I don’t doubt it and I don’t doubt we’re going to have many more strikes on the railways.” Read more: ‘Not a pay rise’: Teaching staff defend rail unions in strike chaos  The caller added: “Our rather lacklustre minister who is trying to sound so reasonable, frankly, seems to be spineless to me. “The only one who stood up to these people was Margaret Thatcher, what a pity we don’t have a Margaret Thatcher now.” Those angered by the strike action have called for a return to Ms Thatcher’s famed approach to trade unions as the former Conservative Prime Minister viewed union action as a definitive obstacle to economic growth. In a notable 1984 speech, Ms Thatcher described trade union leaders as “the enemy within, which is more difficult to fight and more dangerous to liberty.” Don't miss: 'This as a failure of your leadership’ host savages Network Rail Chief [REPORT]‘They walked out' Shapps blasts RMT and Labour stunt  [INSIGHT]POLL: Do you support unions in rail strikes bringing UK to a halt? [POLL] General Secretary of the RMT union Mick Lynch has encouraged other workers' unions to unite alongside rail staff to increase pressure on the Government as negotiations to resolve the dispute have, so far, proved unsuccessful. Speaking to Sky News on the first day of rail strikes, Mr Lynch said: “What I would say to trade union leaders and trade union activists is we need to coordinate and synchronise our campaigning so that we can rebalance the inequalities in our society. “I think I’m knocking at an open door on that because the trade union leaders across the TUC and across Britain are telling me that they want to join this campaign.” Paul Nowak, Deputy General Secretary for the Trade Union Congress said: “This government has the power to play an active role in helping to end disputes but it would rather escalate tensions and pick a fight with unions.”  