Cleaning our homes can be a time-consuming task, and one area which may often be neglected is the window, with curtains, blinds, windowsills and the windows themselves needing cleaning often. Most people have blinds in their home, whether they’re wooden, plastic or metal ones. However, over time they can become caked in grease and dust so they often need regular cleaning, especially for those who have blinds in their kitchen. Luckily Mrs Hinch fans have shared their go-to tips for cleaning wooden blinds and it only costs 2p. Mrs Hinch rose to fame after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain over 4.5 million followers on Instagram. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to clean her kitchen wooden blinds that had become caked in a “layer of wax”. Denise Hatfield said: “What can I use to clean my kitchen wooden blinds? It feels like a layer of wax on top.” READ MORE: How to boost property value by £28,000 and sell home ‘more swiftly’ Blinds that are splattered with grease, such as in a kitchen, will require a bit more cleaning than blinds that are simply dusty. While you can spot clean or even wash curtains in the washing machine, blinds can be a tad trickier to clean. With interlocking slats, wooden blinds can easily build up dirt, dust and grease over weeks and even days. Often we don’t realise just how dirty these surfaces are until we clean them, and the results can be shocking. DON'T MISS: Houseplant pests: ‘Effective’ spice trick to deter pests from plants [EXPERT]‘Best time of year’ to fertilise your lawn - ‘boosts the condition’ [INSIGHT]How to remove weeds from patios and pavers - ‘quick and easy’ methods [TIPS] According to Mrs Hinch fans, cleaning blinds can be made “easy” using a “genius” laundry product. Sammie Bradshaw said: “Cleaning my blinds used to take me forever, but since using a damp tumble dryer sheet it has made the task so much easier. Honestly it’s genius, it just attracts the dirt and dust.” Michelle Watters replied: “I used a tumble dryer sheet to clean each slat and it takes me seconds to remove the grease.” Hollie Ruby commented: “I use tumble dryer sheets slightly damp - the smell is amazing and cleans well too.” READ MORE: ‘The best way’ to clean ‘smelly’ washing machines in ‘four easy steps’ Haley Clark wrote: “I use tumble dryer sheets for mine as they’re amazing for cleaning blinds and help keep dust and dirt away for longer.” Using tumble dryer sheets on blinds can help to reduce static, meaning the dust will be attracted to the sheet. They can be picked up from Wilko for £1 for a pack of 50. This works out as 2p per sheet. Tumble dryer sheets can also be purchased from other local supermarkets such as Sainsbury’s and Tesco. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested simply using soapy water paired with a microfibre cloth. Sophie Claire Grayson advised: “Warm soapy water and microfibre cloth, start at the top and work down.” Wendy Taylor replied: “Sophie Claire Grayson that’s exactly what I use, they come up a treat.” Susan Herman commented: “I use washing up liquid in warm water, does the job brilliantly as it dissolves the grease.”