Roger Moore was as charming off-screen as he was on, regaling friends and audiences alike with wry and often self-deprecating anecdotes. However, he was unusually blunt about actor Hervé Villechaize who played iconic Bond villain Nick Nack in The Man With The Golden Gun, which is back on TV screens later today. Moore was speaking at a special event at London's South Bank centre in 2016, less than a year before he died, when he shocked the audience with his memories of the outrageous behaviour of his co-star. In a staggering evocation of the bygone days of promiscuity and sexism, Moore added that he asked Villechaize how many women he had slept during the film shoot in the Far East. Moore said: "He told me 35. I told him that did not count as he paid for them, but he said, 'Sometimes when I pay they refuse.'" The 89-year-old recalled watching Villechaize, who was 3ft 11ins tall, in action: "When we were in Hong Kong he would find girls in girly clubs and go with a flashlight, 'You, you, not you.'" After everything he saw and heard about, Moore did not mince words with his co-star: "He was a very small man, and he used to touch me and I used to say, 'Don't touch me. You are diseased.' "I wasn't being cruel about his size, it was just that he was a sex maniac. He had a lust for ladies, unnatural." Moore was 89 at the time of his show at the Southbank Centre but sadly Villechaize did not enjoy a long and prosperous life full of anecdotes. After almost two decades in the limelight his life had a tragic ending. DON'T MISSSean Connery's furious admission on final film appearanceJames Bond: Roger Moore made Jane Seymour cry filming Live and Let DieDean Martin and Jerry Lewis refused to speak on 'painful' final movie Villechaize was also a talented artist who had exhibited at the Museum of Paris at just 18. He moved to Hollywood to pursue dreams of being an actor but had been living in his car and working as a rat-catcher in Los Angeles before he landed the part of Scaramanga's servant in The Man With The Golden Gun. Christopher Lee later said that the period while they were filming was the happiest time in Villechaize's life. Villechaize's life came to a tragic end when he shot himself in the garden of his Hollywood home in 1993, aged 50. He left a suicide note which read: "I love everybody. Nobody is to blame for this." Although he was in a loving relationship at the time, his partner revealed the diminutive star had been battling physical and emotional demons. It was not Villechaize's first attempt to end his life. His girlfriend Kathy Self later opened up about his struggles. As well as the decline of his career, Self described how the actor had been suffering from constant chronic pain due to the stresses his normal-sized organs were putting on his small body. THE MAN WITH THE GOLDEN GUN IS ON ITV AT 5PM