Although Meghan Markle and Prince Harry made their much-awaited appearance in the UK over the weekend, the couple were not as talked about as one royal: Prince William. The Duke of Cambridge seemed to stand out during the Jubilee celebrations, with many royal fans discussing and analysing his every move. A new study has revealed that Prince William was the most talked about royal following the Jubilee weekend. Looking at four popular members of the Royal Family, betting website JeffBet analysed Google Trends data to see which royal caused searches to explode the most. Out of Kate Middleton, Meghan Markle, Prince Harry, and Prince William, the latter was the most talked about royal. More people had searched Prince William’s name in Google than anyone else’s, according to JeffBet’s research. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'draws strength' from 'pitch perfect' Meghan Markle The Duke of Cambridge saw a 586 percent increase in worldwide searches over the weekend, which was five times more than the average number of searches for the royal. The interest in Prince William peaked hours after he delivered a speech during the Party at the Palace on Saturday, June 4. The Duke honoured his grandmother and her seven decades on the throne. He also encouraged the audience to “take better care of the world” and “protect and restore our planet”. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry ‘presented’ Lilibet to the world in ‘un-royal’ manner [BODY LANGUAGE]Weight loss: Doctor shares ideal eating window to boost weight loss [VIDEO]Menopausal skincare: How to reduce redness and manage hot flushes [EXPERT] But how did Prince William compare with the other royals? Prince Harry was the second most talked about of the four major royals, seeing a 140 percent increase in searches after he and his wife Meghan Markle attended the official celebrations. Although the couple decided not to attend Saturday’s Party at the Palace outside Buckingham Palace, Prince Harry still attended other celebrations over the weekend. It seemed that Harry and Meghan had stayed in Frogmore Cottage, where they lodge whenever they are in the UK, to celebrate their daughter Lilibet’s first birthday. Kate Middleton was the third most talked about royal, with Google searches for her increasing 133 percent just hours after attending Sunday’s celebrations. The Duchess caused much discussion on social media and elsewhere following her appearance in a berry-pink Stella McCartney dress. Kate opted for the long-sleeved, draped gown to attend the Jubilee Pageant alongside her husband and their children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis. The Duchess paired the dress with large silver earrings and was seen sitting next to Louis as he delighted the nation with his entertaining facial expressions. Meghan Markle’s appearance at the Jubilee celebrations on Thursday, June 2, sparked a huge surge in interest in the Duchess. Her attendance to the Trooping the Colour was the first time Meghan had been seen in the UK in two years. For the occasion, the Duchess donned a navy-blue dress and a Stephen Jones Millinery Granville hat with a navy-blue ribbon. Meghan appeared again for the National Service of Thanksgiving for the Queen’s reign at St. Paul’s Cathedral on Friday, June 3, wearing a bespoke Dior white belted coat and a matching Dior hat. Searches for the Duchess increased by 96 percent following the weekend. A spokesperson from JeffBet said: “The celebrations over the past Jubilee weekend saw worldwide explosions in interest of the younger generation of the Royal Family, proving just how impressionable they are, even during events honouring the Queen’s 70 years of service. “The Royal Family is immensely popular in the UK, but this past weekend's celebrations have seen enormous amounts of excitement and engagement from all over the world where people want to celebrate such an honourable and unforgettable Queen.”