Mrs Hinch fans often take to social media to ask for cleaning advice. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips group on Facebook, Samantha Lilly asked for advice when it came to her toilet. She said: “Can someone help me please? What can I do and use to clean toilets?” The cleaning fan shared a photo of the toilet which showed limescale marks around the rim and at the bottom. Limescale is a huge problem for many who live in a hard water area. When hard water evaporates, calcium and magnesium combine to form limescale. It often builds up in kettles, boilers, pipework as well as around taps and in the toilet. More than 185 Mrs Hinch fans took to the comments to share their tips. READ MORE: Pests: ‘Natural deterrents’ to get rid of slugs and snails Rose Griffiths said: “Use a bottle of cola. I saw it on a television show the other night. “It has something to do with the citric acid in the bottle. So cheap too if it does work.” Sue Gray wrote: “Cola works.” Millie Cow commented: “I use cans of cola from Lidl. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share ‘best’ way to clean ‘grim’ discoloured pillows [COMMENT]Microwave vs oven: Which appliance costs more to run? [VIDEO]DIY couple transform dated kitchen for just £200 - saving thousands [PICTURES] “Use two because they are quite small but only like £1 for six cans, looks brand new.” It was recommended to leave the cola in the toilet for at least a couple of hours, ideally overnight to allow it to work. Mrs Hinch fans then said to scrub using a toilet brush and the limescale marks should come off. Cola is also thought to remove grease and odours. Some Mrs Hinch recommended Harpic Power Plus in the black bottle. Sharon Heselton wrote: “Black Harpic! Soak it overnight while scrubbing every hour.” Karen Marie said: “Use black Harpic and a brush.” Harpic Power Plus can be picked up from supermarkets as well as retailers such as B&M. It retails for around £1 and claims to remove tough stains from toilets using its unique power. Diane Jarratt said: “I use Viakal.” Viakal claims to remove the toughest of limescale, soap scum and water marks from taps and showers. The spray can be picked up for as little as 99p from supermarkets as well as stores like B&M and Home Bargains.