Max Verstappen has warned Lewis Hamilton and Charles Leclerc that he has ‘unfinished business’ at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix after a run of bad results at the circuit. Verstappen was on course to win the race last year before a late puncture saw him crash out towards the end of the race. It was the Dutchman’s third retirement from four starts at the Baku circuit as his terrible run continues. He has only crossed the line once, to finish fourth, meaning he has never secured a win or podium there. But, Verstappen warned he has ‘unfinished business’ as he vows to right the wrongs of 12 months ago. He said: “I’m looking forward to returning to Baku, we have some unfinished business there after last year. “It’s a tricky track with big braking zones and a tight run-off, finding the best set-up for the car will be difficult in terms of making sure we get the correct wing level. It will also be interesting to see if we can make our one lap performance better for qualifying as we’ve been lacking a little. READ MORE: Red Bull think they’ve fixed Verstappen issue after 'painful lessons' MAX VERSTAPPEN “It’s great that Checo has signed a contract extension with the team, it’s nice to have the continuity and I get on really well with him." In comparison, Hamilton has had better success with one win and a second-place finish to his name. However, the seven-time champion also had a race to forget last season after blowing his chance to score big points. Hamilton messed up the restart after Verstappen’s crash, going straight on at turn one to blow his chance of a win or at least a podium. The incident dropped him outside the top 10 and he came through to score no points in 15th place. However, Verstappen’s biggest threat this weekend is Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc who lies just nine points behind him in the world championship. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen called a 'cop-out' over F1 and Indycar safety concerns [INSIGHT]Red Bull's Pierre Gasly advice as F1 ace waits for Max Verstappen shot [ANALYSIS]Hamilton feud with Verstappen continues as sponsor make 'correction' [COMMENT] The pressure is now on Ferrari with the Monegasque not winning since the Australian Grand Prix back in April. Leclerc also has demons he will want to get the better of this weekend. The Ferrari star looked on course for pole at the 2019 race before crashing out in Q3, scuppering his chances of securing a first career win. He has also never scored a podium at the Baku circuit with fourth last year his best result.