Meghan Markle and Prince Harry reunited with the Royal Family in public for the first time since Megxit during the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations but their seating was very telling of their new royal status. During the Service of Thanksgiving in St Paul's Cathedral, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex found themselves seated in the second row far on the other side of the aisle from Kate and Prince William. The Daily Mail's Diary Editor Richard Eden has since claimed this was to enforce the line of procession and avoid the brothers being photographed together. Speaking to Palace Confidential on Mailplus, Mr Eden said: "There was a procession to leave the cathedral and it meant that Harry and Meghan were far behind. "They had to wait for everyone else in their row to leave first so they couldn’t be photographed, they weren’t in the same shots as Prince Charles or the Cambridges." Royal correspondent and author Victoria Murphy added: "It’s hard not to look at it as a sign, if not the distance between the brothers – that physical distance between them in that seating plan. "The whole weekend we haven’t had a picture of William and Harry in the same picture, apart from the wide shots in the cathedral. READ MORE: Kate blows a kiss for cheeky Prince Louis after his Jubilee antics "I think given that you had this weekend as an opportunity for the family to show unity and for everyone to show togetherness. "I think it is quite telling that clearly William and Harry did not consciously at any point make an effort to be seen side by side to be seen in the same frame." Working royals filled the front-row chairs, meaning there was no place there for Harry and Meghan in the prime positions. They no longer use their HRH styles and the event was their first public appearance alongside the Windsors since they stepped down as senior royals two years ago amid the Megxit storm. They did however make a solo procession, holding each other's hand, down the nave of St Paul's Cathedral, after the rest of the mass of more than 40 royals and before future king Charles and the Cambridges. They were personally escorted by Lieutenant Colonel Sir Alexander Matheson of Matheson, the Queen's Senior Gentleman Usher. With little happening at grand choreographed royal occasions by chance, it appeared to be a recognition of Harry's place as sixth in line and a former spare to the heir and of the way things used to be. Meghan, in an elegant Dior trench coat and matching hat, smiled as she walked through the church, while Harry bit his lip at times, while also nodding greetings to members of the congregation. DON'T MISS William told how to approach Harry to avoid further 'embarrassment' [VIDEO]Meghan Makle and Harry 'were 50 minutes late' not to be 'lumped' [INSIGHT]Kate and William caught in 'photo battle' with Meghan and Harry [ANALYSIS] There was no obvious interaction shown on the television camera between Harry and his brother William, who have long faced a rift, nor the duke and Charles who have also had a troubled relationship, or between Meghan and Kate. Just over a year ago, Harry and Meghan accused an unnamed member of the royal family, not the Queen nor the Duke of Edinburgh, of racism and painted the monarchy as an uncaring institution in their controversial Oprah interview. Kate was publicly singled out by Meghan for allegedly making her cry in the run-up to her wedding. Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall meanwhile greeted William and Kate by blowing them a kiss as they met at the West Entrance.