Jeremy Clarkson, 62, has quipped at Sir Lenny Henry, 63, after he said he is “always surprised” by the lack of black people in the audience at Glastonbury. The comedian made the comments as he called for more diversity in the creative industries. He said: “It’s interesting to watch Glastonbury and look at the audience and not see any black people there.  “I’m always surprised by the lack of black and brown faces at festivals.  “I think, ‘Wow, that’s still very much a dominant culture thing’,” he told Radio Times.Lenny’s comments sparked confusion for the Clarkson’s Farm star as he questioned what exactly he meant. READ MORE:Nick Knowles, 59, and girlfriend Katie Dadzie, 32, loved-up at Ascot Jeremy wrote in his new column: “What is he saying? That there is some kind of vetting in place?“That organiser Michael Eavis is secretly sitting in his office at night weeding out applicants who he thinks might be black?”Continuing in The Sun, Jeremy ruled that this “seems unlikely”.Instead, he proposed: “Maybe it’s because most black people don’t fancy living in a muddy tent for three days while a public-school twerp called Tarquin vomits on them.” It comes after Michael’s daughter, Emily Eavis, said Stormzy’s headline performance came “late”.Stormzy performed on the iconic Pyramid Stage in 2019 and was the festival's first black solo British headliner.Speaking in a new BBC Two documentary, Emily said: “He was representing the black community in a very predominately white festival.“Obviously that's a really important moment for us, but it's also a little bit late maybe. DON'T MISSJames Martin in rare outing with secretive girlfriend Louise Davies[LATEST]Carol Vorderman, 61, puts on busty display in tight-fitting dress[PICTURES]Kelvin Fletcher and wife Liz delight fans with unexpected news[INSIGHT] "We should have probably done it before."Glastonbury 2022 will celebrate the festival’s 50th anniversary after being delayed by the Covid pandemic. Somerset’s Worthy Farm will see performances from Sir Paul McCartney, Kendrick Lamar and Billie Eilish.Live sets will be broadcast on BBC iPlayer and BBC Sounds throughout the festival.It will kick off on Wednesday 22 and go on until Sunday 26 June.