Lewis Hamilton has received a message of support from Manchester United defender Raphael Varane after three-time F1 world champion Nelson Piquet used a racist term to describe the Mercedes ace during an interview. Piquet made his comments last November as he spoke about Hamilton’s clash with Max Verstappen at the Silverstone Grand Prix. And they were broadcast by Brazilian media on Monday night.  “There is no place for racism in any sport, industry or walk of life,” Varane wrote on Twitter in support of Hamilton. “Lewis, continue to shine the great light that you do. I stand with you.” The France international’s post had been liked over 11,000 times and retweeted by over 1,000 people in less than 45 minutes as sports fans across the world came together to show their support for Hamilton. And there have also been suggestions Piquet could now been banned from the F1 paddock unless he publicly apologises to Hamilton. “The neguinho put the car in the wrong way and didn't let [the other driver swerve],” Piquet said in Portuguese during an interview with Motorsport Talk’s Ricardo Oliveira. “The neguinho put the car in the wrong way on the corner - it's because you don't know the curve. READ MORE: F1 news LIVE: Lewis Hamilton 'racially abused', Horner and Wolff row, British GP latest  “It's a very high curve - there is no way to pass two cars and there's no way you can put the car aside. He did [Verstappen] dirty. His luck was that only the other one was gone.” The comments caused outrage across the sport as Formula One, the FIA and Mercedes all released to condemn them. “Discriminatory or racist language is unacceptable in any form and has no part in society,” read the F1 statement. “Lewis is an incredible ambassador for our sport and deserves respect. His tireless efforts to increase diversity and inclusion are a lesson to many and something we are committed to at F1.” DON'T MISS Lewis Hamilton reacts after Nelson Piquet's racial slur on Mercedes star Mercedes chief will 'cry' if Hamilton wins British GP as he prays for Verstappen 'stumble' Mercedes release statement after Nelson Piquet's racist comment on Lewis Hamilton    And the FIA wrote: “The FIA strongly condemns any racist or discriminatory language and behaviour, which have no place in sport or wider society. We express our solidarity with Lewis Hamilton and fully support his commitment to equality, diversity and inclusion in motor sport.” Meanwhile, Mercedes said: “We condemn in the strongest terms any use of racist or discriminatory language of any kind,” it read. “Lewis has spearheaded our sport's efforts to combat racism, and he is a true champion of diversity on and off track. Together, we share a vision for a diverse and inclusive motorsport, and this incident underlines the fundamental importance of continuing to strive for a brighter future.” Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here