Prince Harry, 37 and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, 40, welcomed their daughter Lilibet "Lili" Diana Mountbatten-Windsor to the world on June 4, 2021. The royal little one has been kept out of the limelight since her birth, but has travelled with her parents to the UK for the first time in her short life to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Lilibet is the Queen’s 11th great-grandchild, and will likely meet for the first time in person this week. The youngster will also celebrate her first birthday on Saturday, bang in the middle of the royal celebrations. It’s unknown whether a party will be thrown for the young royal, but she is likely to spend time with her great grandmother across the weekend. Meghan and Harry chose the name for their daughter out of respect for the Queen, they said at the time - but what exactly does Lilibet mean? READ MORE: Harry and Meghan to christen Lilibet tomorrow with the Queen The name is a touching nod to the Queen, and was used as a nickname for the monarch in her early years. The nickname was coined when then-Princess Elizabeth was just a toddler and couldn't pronounce her own name properly. Her grandfather King George V would affectionately call her Lilibet, imitating her attempts to say her name. It has since stuck and came to be used by close relatives, and the Queen even still uses for herself. For example, the Queen will often sign personal notes for family members with her Lilibet nickname. She signed a note to her late husband Prince Philip, which was placed on top of his coffin. The monarch did the same at the funerals of her mother and sister, Princess Margaret, when they died more than 20 years ago. DON'T MISS‘You’re probably getting billions back’: Jubilee to boost UK economy [INSIGHT]Gyles Brandreth reflects on Meghan last royal engagement with Queen [ANALYSIS]Harry and Meghan spotted gently "shushing" a group [REPORT] At the time the name was announced, many thought the couple had blindsided the Queen in taking such a special name. But this has since been quashed, with the Sussexes saying they sought permission to use the unique name from the monarch. A Sussex spokesperson said at the time: "During that conversation, he (Harry) shared their hope of naming their daughter Lilibet in her honour. "Had she not been supportive, they would not have used the name."  Prince Harry has repeatedly expressed his respect and love for his grandmother, even after stepping down from frontline royal life. The decision to use the name came after considerable turmoil in the relationship with his father, with Prince Harry previously speaking of his upbringing. He said: “I don’t think we should be pointing the finger or blaming anybody, but certainly when it comes to parenting, if I’ve experienced some form of pain or suffering because of the pain or suffering that perhaps my father or my parents had suffered, I’m going to make sure I break that cycle so that I don’t pass it on, basically. “It’s a lot of genetic pain and suffering that gets passed on anyway so we as parents should be doing the most we can to try and say ‘you know what, that happened to me, I’m going to make sure that doesn’t happen to you’.”He added: “It’s hard to do but for me it comes down to awareness. "I never saw it, I never knew about it, and then suddenly I started to piece it together and go ‘OK, so this is where he went to school, this is what happened, I know this about his life, I also know that is connected to his parents so that means he’s treated me the way he was treated, so how can I change that for my own kids?’ “And here I am, I moved my whole family to the US, that wasn’t the plan but sometimes you’ve got make decisions and put your family first and put your mental health first.”