Western leaders will meet in Madrid from Tuesday, June 28 to Thursday, June 30 for what many are expecting to be the most significant of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) in recent decades. It comes months after Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and is expected to be focused on bolstering NATO’s military support in eastern Europe and reaffirming support for Ukraine. Leaders from the 30 members of Nato, including the US, Canada, the UK, Germany and Denmark, will be in attendance. Today, First Lady Jill Biden joined Spain’s Queen Letizia on visits to local charities; the two women spent time with several Ukrainian refugee families who were taken in by Spain. They were accompanied by the First Lady’s granddaughters — Maisy, 21, and Finnegan, 22. The Queen gave warm hugs to Maisy and Finnegan and chatted with them during their family jaunt to Spain. Letizia has two daughters of her own — 16-year-old Princess Leonor and 15-year-old Infanta Sofia — and astonishing footage shows the Queen’s awkward relationship with their grandmother, Queen Sofía. During the Spanish royals’ annual Easter break in Majorca in 2018, Queen Sofía, 83, put her arms around her two granddaughters as they posed for photographs at Palma Cathedral. Queen Letizia, 49, then stepped in front of the three, a move interpreted as an attempt to block the picture. Queen Sofía resisted her daughter-in-law’s challenge by shuffling back and forth and clutching onto Leonor and Infanta Sofia even tighter. Letizia reached out to brush her eldest daughter’s hair from her face and, at the same time, appeared to push her mother-in-law’s arm away from Leonor. Queen Sofía put her arm back around her granddaughter, but after a brief exchange of words, Leonor removed Sofía’s hand from her shoulder. Seemingly, in an effort to calm things down, King Felipe VI, 54, stepped in and squeezed his wife’s shoulder. Several Spanish papers branded the incident a fight, with the island daily Diario de Mallorca saying: “As is obvious from the footage, the situation was most uncomfortable for King Felipe VI, who tried to mediate as his father looked on with great surprise.” Respected Spanish daily El Mundo said: “For the first time in four years, Juan Carlos joined the rest of the Spanish Royal Family for the celebration of the last day of Easter. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry's titles spark 'removal discussion' amid royals [INSIGHT]Kate and William 'don't want to be seen cosying up to Harry' - claim [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle 'hoped to reconcile with Kate' for children to bond [VIDEO] “However, the perfect harmony they demonstrated at the doors of Palma Cathedral appears not to have been so, certainly at one particular moment.” Crown Princess Marie-Chantal of Greece, the wife of Queen Sofía’s nephew Crown Prince Pavlos, weighed in on Twitter: “No grandmother deserves that type of treatment!” However, a spokesperson for the Royal Family later released a statement soon after the incident explaining why Queen Letizia was blocking the photographer from snapping photos. The spokesperson said Letizia “is very committed to taking care of her daughters, with the protection of their image, she worries who takes photos of them, she worries where they come from, who approaches them. It’s a very motherly reaction,” adding: “It’s not a serious issue, nothing has happened.” El País newspaper said relations between Queen Letizia and Queen Sofía had started to deteriorate following the births of Leonor and Infanta Sofía. In November 2003, when King Felipe’s engagement to Letizia Ortiz was announced, the then-reigning Queen Sofía took her future daughter-in-law under her wing. However, that later changed when Queen Sofía felt that her visits to see her young granddaughters were no longer welcome. At the same time, Letizia’s mother, Paloma Rocasolano, began spending more time at the Zarzuela Palace, where the royals live. The change in the Crown in 2014, which saw former King Juan Carlos’ abdication and his son, King Felipe’s accession to the throne, established a significant change of power within the Royal Family. In 2020, Juan Carlos left Spain for the Middle East after he was linked to an inquiry into alleged corruption. But three investigations against the 84-year-old were dropped in March, allowing him to return to his home country for the first time in two years. Juan Carlos was planning to return again this month on June 10, but postponed for "private reasons." Meanwhile, Queen Sofía stayed in Spain at Zarzuela Palace in Madrid and continued her institutional activities.