The mini-heatwave which has dominated the south of the UK this week will reach its peak later today, according to the latest BBC weather forecast. BBC weather presenter Sarah Keith-Lucas warned Britons to expect strong levels of UV and pollen today due to the heatwave. Temperatures are expected to reach at least 34C in London today, which would be the UK's hottest day of the year so far. Thursday's temperatures in the UK were higher than those recorded on Greek islands and other summer getaways. However, the temperatures are not expected to break the all-time June record, which was a high of 35.6C at Southampton Mayflower Park in June 1976. Ms Keith-Lucas said that the rare scorching temperatures are also being recorded in Europe. She noted: "And if you think it is hot here, France reached 40C yesterday and that is the earliest in the year that France has ever reached that temperature. JUST IN: Log burner warning as owners told to DITCH home staple  "Paris is forecasting up to 40C again tomorrow. "We are not expecting temperatures that high here but London could see highs of 33C or 34C." While London and the rest of the south of England and Wales will experience the "peak of the heatwave," Ms Keith-Lucas added: "It is certainly not the same everywhere. "We have a different picture in the north. For Scotland and Northern Ireland, it is cooler and fresher and rain is sinking south. "Temperatures in the north are generally in the mid-teens."   The mini-heatwave in the south will be short-lived, according to Ms Keith-Lucas, who warned that Saturday will bring "some heavy rain and thunder to Wales and the south-west of England". Temperatures could drop as much as 15C between Friday and Sunday in London. She told BBC Breakfast viewers: "On Sunday we are all in that cooler and fresher with a northerly breeze "Temperatures across the country will be between 13C in the north and 19C in the south." DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Do it! Lavrov goads UK to 'force Russia to knees' [LIVE BLOG]Shocking footage shows firefighters at scene of terrifying bush blaze [VIDEO]Blow for borrowers will only add to prices pain [EXPRESS COMMENT]  Earlier this week, the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) and Met Office issued a level three heat-health alert for London, the south-east and east of England, with the alert remaining in place until midnight on Saturday. Agostinho Sousa, head of extreme events and health protection at the UKHSA, said: "During periods of hot weather, it is especially important to keep checking on those who are most vulnerable, such as older people and those with heart or lung conditions." Dr Mark McCarthy, head of the Met Office's National Climate Information Centre, added: "Reaching 34C during June is a rare, but not unprecedented, event in the historical climate records for the UK. "But if it should happen this week it would be notable that it would have occurred on three days during the last six Junes." 