Goodwood Festival of Speed is an annual hill climb featuring historic motor racing vehicles held in the grounds of Goodwood House, West Sussex. The event will begin tomorrow, June 23, and last until Sunday, June 26. The latest BMW M model will be unveiled on the track at 10am tomorrow. Set to be seen on the hill climb in the “First Glance” category every day of the festival, the new BMW is called the BMW M3 Touring. According to BMW, the new M3 Touring takes “the combination of racing-oriented performance and everyday practicality to the extreme”. It has a six-cylinder M TwinPower turbo engine, widened axles, large front air intakes, and four exhaust tailpipes. READ MORE: Motorists advised to use fuel-saving trick when at the petrol station The M3 Touring’s test drives took place on the Nürburgring Nordschleife, the high-speed oval in Nardo, the Sachsenring in Germany, and the Tyrolean Alps. With this new model, BMW ended up with “the creation of a premium mid-range class estate car that has never before provided so much driving fun and precision, nor offered more functional utility in a thoroughbred sports car”, according to the company. Product Manager Hagen Franke shared what makes the M3 Touring stand out, saying: “Like no other car, the new BMW M3 Touring will represent the fascination of superior driving dynamics and practicability and the larger space on offer in an estate car concept in a very competitive segment. “In doing so, it will, typically for a BMW M3, be nothing less than the benchmark for driving dynamics in a vehicle with five seats, five doors and greatly increased stowage space.” DON'T MISS: Local council issues £4million worth of fines to motorists in a year [INSIGHT] Driver fined £2,340 for driving in clean air zone [SHOCKING] Tourist has car submerged by sea amid urgent coastguard warning [WARNING] Project Head Robert Pilsl added: “First and foremost, it’s a BMW M3 – with all the qualities of driving dynamics and characteristics that have represented this model series for several generations. “This is supplemented by the typical BMW, flexibly usable Touring concept characteristics. But it will definitely be more a racehorse than a workhorse.” As for the user value, Robert noted that you can, surprisingly, fit plenty of objects into the boot of the car. He said: “A few crates of drinks, a grille and other party utensils. “Sports stuff, equipment like a mountain bike, surf board, skis. Kids, including a pram and about 30 balloons. If necessary even a washing machine.” The best thing about the new model for Robert is “the driver’s seat”, while Hagen said “it would probably be the rear end with the wider wheel housings”. Speaking of the driver, Hagen explained that the M3 Touring is for “anyone who likes dynamic, autonomous driving on highways and motorways or just the everyday joy of taming the urban jungle”. “In short, for everyone for whom there isn’t quite enough space available in the BMW M3 Sedan and the seating position in the X3 M is too high,” he added. The new M3 Touring is based on the M3 xDrive Competition saloon and has the same 0.3-litre straight-six engine, automatic gearbox and all-wheel-drive system. The big grilles on the car’s front remain, as well as the gloss black roof rails. The side profile sees the biggest change and it has a more practical estate body. An alternative to the Audi RS4 Avant and Mercedes-AMG C63 estate, the model will be available to order from September 2022, with prices starting at £80,550. Production is set to start in November 2022.