The UK has been locked in talks with the EU over the deal, which Boris Johnson agreed to in order to avoid a hard border in Ireland. The legislation allowed Northern Ireland to remain within the EU's single market for goods. However, this has been widely criticised for effectively creating a border in the Irish Sea between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK - something which Mr Johnson assured voters would only happen “over [his] dead body” in 2020.  Liz Truss is now preparing the UK’s retaliation, with new legislation set to be unveiled today in which the Government is expected to unilaterally override parts of the Protocol. The border has led to delays, supermarket shortages and increased costs for businesses in Northern Ireland. Northern Ireland secretary Brandon Lewis has warned the bloc is offering solutions which would be "worse than the situation we've got today", leading Britons to slam the institution. Express.co.uk user Brexit4ThePeopleForever14 said the EU “will never get over the fact we left”, accusing the bloc of being “bitter” that the UK is “forging ahead”. The user also said: “I’m not a Boris fan but he needs to rectify the situation and that means getting this legislation through Parliament.” MissingEUAlready2 said: “The last thing the EU wants is a solution to the NI problem. “It is perfectly happy to continue having a foothold in the UK interfering in how and what goods can move within its sovereign shores.” The user later added: “The EU is so inflexible that it point blank refuses to even take a look at the technical solutions put forward by the UK. In which case, stuff the EU.” Another user said: “The EU will not dare a damaging trade war, they may make a symbolic gesture of some sorts to save some face, but they have lost this one.” Mr Lewis said of the situation: "What [the EU] has been saying consistently across the media and have been reported as saying is that they're offering flexibilities. "Well, they're not. What the EU are offering is some flexibility based on a fully-implemented protocol. "That would be, actually, worse than the situation we've got today. READ MORE: BBC's Katya Adler exposes ploy EU will use to stop new Brexit Bill [REVEAL] "So I do think they’ve been disingenuous in suggesting they’re being flexible when in fact they’ve not shown the flexibility that is needed for the people of Northern Ireland." Ms Truss’ planned legislation would grant ministers the power to suspend checks on goods travelling between Great Britain and Northern Ireland - one of the key issues with the Protocol. The impact of the new legislation would reportedly be even more far-reaching than the triggering of Article 16, which would still require checks on some goods travelling between Great Britain and Northern Ireland. The plans have faced criticism, with some saying that they would be in breach of international law, but Mr Lewis has insisted that the Government's plans are "lawful" and "correct".  DON'T MISS: Brexit POLL: Would Brexit would be more successful with a new PM? [REVEAL]'Where is good news in Brexit?' Andrew Neil challenges David Davis [INSIGHT] Brexit trade war warning: Every option EU has over Boris' bill [ANALYSIS] Some Express.co.uk users, however, said the situation was “embarrassing” for Mr Johnson, and that the Government ran the risk of making the UK a “laughing stock”. RTindell said: “The EU don't need to offer solutions. They already have their deal. If the UK don't like the arrangements, why did they sign up to them? Fredregard added: “How embarrassing Johnson will have to break international law to get out of a deal his Government proposed and voted for.” Meanwhile, Westsussex warned: “The desperate political gymnastics being carried out for the British Government now in order to justify breaking an international agreement will make us look like a laughing stock in the world.” 