Liverpool will not have to pay Southampton any of the fee they receive for Sadio Mane this summer, reports say. Mane looks set to depart Anfield but former club Saints did not have a sell-on percentage in a future transfer. The Senegal forward's contract at Liverpool expires at the end of next season. But he looks likely to be on his way out of the club this summer. The Telegraph reports that Mane has never asked for an extension to his contract as he pushes for a move away. Bayern Munich are heavy favourites to sign the 30-year-old. Liverpool paid an initial £31million for Mane to sign him from Southampton in 2016. And the same report says the Reds are likely to earn a profit on that deal. READ MORE: Tottenham 'weighing up' Allan Saint-Maximin bid as Fabio Paratici pushes for deal  Liverpool paid Saints a further £2.5m in add-ons but there was no sell-on clause inserted in the transfer negotiations six years ago. So the Merseysiders will receive every penny of the transfer fee Mane leaves for this summer. Southampton received £375,000 for every 30 starts Mane made for Liverpool, up until his 120th start for the club. The south coast club were also paid £250,000 for every season Mane netted 12 goals or more in the Premier League, up until four campaigns. Mane helped Liverpool win two domestic cups this season and was the club's second-leading goalscorer in all competitions. He has scored 120 goals in 269 career appearances for the Reds, with his final outing looking set to have been the Champions League final loss to Real Madrid last month. DON'T MISSLeeds set two conditions for Raphinha transfer with Barcelona in 'advanced talks' [RUMOUR]Tottenham target Alessandro Bastoni's agent hints where client will play next season [QUOTESTransfer news LIVE: Man Utd make Nunez swap deal offer, £34m Arsenal swoop, Newcastle bid [BLOG]  Mane spoke ahead of that match in Paris, claiming he would announce a decision over his future after the full-time whistle. However, he did not talk to the media following the 1-0 defeat to Carlo Ancelotti's side. However, he did talk while on international duty this week, where he claimed he wanted to leave Liverpool because that was what the majority of Senegal fans wanted him to do. Mane said: “Like everyone else, I’m on social media and I see the comments. "Isn’t it between 60 to 70 per cent of Senegalese that want me to leave Liverpool? I will do what they want. We will see soon! Don’t be in a hurry because we’ll see this together.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here