Ever since his arrival at Manchester United, Bruno Fernandes has wanted the No 8 shirt. And, with Juan Mata primed to depart, all signs now point to the Portugal international being granted his wish. His former team-mate is leaving Old Trafford behind for a new challenge after his contract expired. On Thursday, it was confirmed that Mata would be leaving United. The Spain international has been at the club ever since arriving from Chelsea back in the January transfer window of 2014, when David Moyes was manager. In a statement confirming his departure, United said: "Thank you for dedicating eight years of your career to United, Juan. Everyone at the club wishes you all the best for the future." But while Mata’s United exit is sad for the player, it will give Fernandes a boost. The No 8 shirt is now free for the first time since the Portugal international arrived at the club over two years ago. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings When he moved from Sporting Lisbon, he took the No 18 jersey previously worn by Ashley Young. Young had departed to join Inter Milan, having been at the club ever since Sir Alex Ferguson’s time in the dugout. Fernandes explained that decision by saying: “There are a lot of reasons for the No 18. "It’s a number I like. “The last three years I have played as No 8 because it’s the number my father had as a player and my birthday and it’s the number I like. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag "Number 18 is also the birthday of my wife and another reason is, when I grew up, I saw Paul Scholes playing in it and for me having this shirt and this number of an amazing player is something I will enjoy. “I know I have a lot of responsibility.” However, last year, Fernandes revealed he wanted the No 8 jersey. When it was announced Mata would be staying put, he sent the Spaniard a message that read: “I guess I’ll have to wait for the number 8 another year.” Now, it’s feasible Fernandes will get his way. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz But, if he does end up switching numbers, he’ll have to make sure he does the jersey justice. Mata, despite not always being a starter, was key as United won the FA Cup, Europa League and Carabao Cup in previous years. And other occupants have also tasted success. Before Mata, Anderson donned the jersey. And though he didn’t always live up to expectations, he still won four Premier League titles at Old Trafford. Wayne Rooney wore the No 8 when he first joined from Everton in 2004, propelling United to the league title and EFL Cup before switching to No 10. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Nicky Butt was a huge asset to United when he had the shirt, gaining six league winners’ medals. Mata, meanwhile, has sent a classy message to United fans after it was announced he’d be leaving. "From here, from the middle of the pitch at Old Trafford, at night. I'm alone. Actually, this feels like a dream," he said in a video message. "I wanted to say thank you very much to all of you for your support over the years and especially during the difficult times that we lived together. "I will never forget you. Thank you very much. All the best from the bottom of my heart and goodbye."