Julie (played by Katy Cavanagh) was the long-lost sister of Eileen Grimshaw (Sue Cleaver) who lived on Coronation Street from 2008 to 2015. During her years on the ITV soap, the character took centre stage in some huge storylines, including discovering who her birth father was and her relationship with Brian Packham (Peter Gunn). However, in the coming weeks, she could be brought in as part of her former lover's exit as a hint was dropped by Cathy Matthews (Melanie Hill) in the latest episode. Cathy spoke about Julie with Jenny Connor (Sally Ann Matthews), Daisy Midgeley (Charlotte Jordan) and Evelyn Plummer (Maureen Lipman) in the Rovers Return. With the beloved resident already feeling as if her romance with Brian was on the rocks after his miserable attempt at a proposal, she said: "To be honest, I don't even know what he's with me. "I found these letters, he'd been writing to Julie Carp. It was a while back when all of that trolling stuff was going on." As her trio of neighbours tried to reassure her nothing was going on, she snapped back: "Answer me this, why is he even writing to her at all? "He's obviously missed her and in fact, he said so. She even asked him if he'd ever thought of them getting back together." READ MORE: 'Thanks for asking' Charlie Stayt responds to BBC Breakfast exit probe "I don't know what he replied, it was the last letter I found," Cathy explained, with Daisy adding: "What a cliffhanger." Furious with the fact Brian could be in love with his former partner, Cathy said: "It's not a cliffhanger, Daisy. "This is my life, you know, Just like with Roy, I could never replace Hayley, could I. I always felt second best, the same thing happening over again." "I don't think it is," Jenny remarked, with Evelyn asking her neighbour: "Have you spoken to him about these letters?" "Not yet, I'm not sure if I want to know the answer," she replied and with the news confirmed Cathy will be leaving the show, the door is open for Julie to return. The last time Julie was seen on the cobbles, she was leaving with Brian to begin a new life together in the caravan they had bought. Unfortunately, after falling out over the caravan, they ended up splitting up and as Brian returned to Weatherfield, his lover stayed in Wales. With the pair having exchanged letters in recent months, he could write another one to explain he has parted ways with Cathy. Knowing this could be the time for them to reunite, Julie could hotfoot it up to Manchester to be with him. As they talk about how much they have missed one another and how Brian had been looking forward to starting a new life in Cornwall, she would agree to go with him. DON'T MISS...Sue Cleaver weight loss: Soap star dropped 3st without strict diet [ANALYSIS]Ken Morley: Star recalls the first sign of prostate cancer [COMMENT]Coronation Street star Alex Bain in hospital update after injury [COMMENT] Having grown tired of being on her own, she could want to live out the rest of her days with the man she has always loved. She would be on the cobbles for a couple of weeks, which would give her enough time to catch up with her sister Eileen. Julie would also catch up with the crew at the Underworld Factory, where she used to work before moving away seven years ago. Will she be the same character fans loved and adored or will viewers see a new, developed version of the beloved resident? At the time of Julie's departure, the actress who played her, Katy, explained why she was stepping down. Katy revealed: "I have decided it's time to take a break from the cobbles and pursue other projects and opportunities. "I have loved every minute in the world of Julie Carp and I'm not ruling out a return to the Street in the future. "However, I am looking forward to a new challenge and a pair of flat shoes," she said in a statement, therefore hinting she would always make a comeback. This could be the perfect time for her to return as a number of former characters are making their comebacks to the show this year. Fans of the programme are also keen to see the beloved cobbles resident back, taking to Twitter to share their eagerness. Karen wrote: "I'm reading Cathy's leaving #Corrie so can we please have yours truly Julie back for Brian?" Doreen added on the social media platform: "Julie mention! Bring back Julie - she and Mary would be great mates! #Corrie." Sophie commented: "Starting a petition to bring back Julie Carp #Corrie." Hilda remarked following a scene in last year's episodes: "Who was that with Eileen on the sideboard? Please don't tell me they're recasting Julie Carp? Nobody could fill that cardigan! #Corrie." Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.