Haas Formula 1 boss Guenther Steiner has fired back at suggestions he is dividing his own team by publicly attacking faltering driver Mick Schumacher. The German has not only struggled to find form and compete with teammate Kevin Magnussen, but he has suffered a number of expensive high-speed crashes. Schumacher is yet to score a point this season while he has struggled for consistency. His crashes have proved to be particularly frustrating, with Steiner’s patience beginning to run out as the American team have been forced to face the bill following such incidents. Schumacher has been involved in two major collisions this season after he smashed his car in Saudi Arabia and Monte-Carlo. The German also collided with compatriot Sebastian Vettel at the inaugural Miami Grand Prix, while he is yet to secure a single point during the first 28 races of his F1 career. His Monaco Grand Prix ended prematurely after the 23-year-old clipped a barrier on entry to the Swimming Pool Section and fortunately avoided serious injury after slamming into the wall. He followed up the result by qualifying dead last in Azerbaijan, where he finished P14 out of 15 cars that finished the race. Steiner reacted to the crashes by warning Schumacher about his immediate future in F1, with Sky Deutschland pundit Ralf - who is Mick’s uncle - criticising the approach. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff agreed with Schumacher and questioned Steiner’s tactics, but the Haas chief doubled down after being quoted in Bild as saying ‘Sky is trying to divide’ his team. READ MORE: Max Verstappen shares Charles Leclerc Ferrari worry despite Baku win “I am what I am and you won't change me either,” Steiner told Sky Deutschland at Baku. “Stronger guys are needed. “But I keep saying that we're not as bad or as inhuman as people want to make us out to be. I'm trying to keep the pressure off Mick as well. “This division of the team from the outside is not good for Mick. But we are speaking together properly and positively. “We want Mick to be successful. It's up to us how we do it. We don't need advice. “I need Mick, Mick needs us. There's a lot of pressure from outside with every word turned around and twisted. But if we don't work together, we can't get there.” Steiner admitted Schumacher is talented enough to compete in F1, but he is conscious of the fact he is yet to secure any points. However, the German - whose father Michael won seven F1 world titles in his illustrious career - believes some of the blame lies with Haas. He said: “We know that our car hasn't been further developed. Many other cars have been, so that doesn't help us.” DON'T MISSFerrari driver Charles Leclerc 'hurt' after Azerbaijan GP DNFFerrari suffer more misery as Carlos Sainz out of Azerbaijan GPHaas boss hints Schumacher will be axed if he suffers another F1 crash The 23-year-old ended his Azerbaijan Grand Prix by declaring he was frustrated about qualifying last and fighting at the back throughout the race. “I’m annoyed,” Schumacher told Sky Deutschland. “Simply because the whole situation is a bit stupid. “The car is simply better than last place.” Schumacher will soon have to figure out his future plans, as the German is part of Ferrari’s young driver programme. He is a reserve driver for the Scuderia, and the possibility of him one day donning the iconic red overalls for the Italian motorsport giants has been long-touted. However, Ferrari are enjoying their partnership of Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz while Schumacher is struggling. The 22-race F1 2022 campaign continues with the Canadian Grand Prix around the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve on June 19.