Will Kirk was on the ITV show to chat about how he is preparing to be a father for the first time and The Repair Shop. However, Lorraine was keen to learn more about the furniture restorer and probed him about what he gets up to in his spare time. She left the TV star briefly taken aback as she shared a photo of him fencing and asked about his hobby. Lorraine remarked: “Now look, you’re very busy as you said but is it right that you do fencing? And I don’t mean mending fences. “I mean the actual, there you are look,” the host continued as a photo of Will in his sports gear flashed up on screen. “Where did you get that?” Will asked the host, clearly taken by surprise. Lorraine replied: “Well, we have our ways. Do you find this a real stress buster?” READ MORE: Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting “Yes, I mean I’ve been fencing for about 15 years now,” Will explained as the host gasped: “Have you?” The Repair Shop expert continued: “Yeah, it’s a great stress reliever and it’s just sort of nice to keep fit and nice to have a sports or hobby or something like that. “You really have to focus your mind on what you’re doing so if you’re stressed out with work you can just put it all to one side and focus on that task.” Lorraine asked: “Are you good?” as Will laughed: “Well… I’m not bad.” The furniture restoration expert went on to invite Lorraine to his fencing classes which she seemed keen on doing. In the same interview, Will revealed he and wife Polly are expecting a baby girl in July. Lorraine said: “Congratulations! You're going to be a dad! When is it all happening?” “In July. I had an antenatal class last night, changing nappies,” Will replied. DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop’s Jay Blades exposes key rule experts must abide by [INSIGHT]Jay Blades children: How many children does The Repair Shop star have? [UPDATE]The Repair Shop's Platinum Jubilee special sparks backlash [REACTION] He went on to shared: “We're having a girl. We have a name, but we'll wait until she's there." Lorraine agreed: “You know, that's so right, because we did that until we had a few names. “And then you see the little one and you go, 'Oh yeah, she's definitely a Rosie'. Isn't it exciting though?" Will went on to share his excitement, declaring: “I'm definitely ready. “I'm feeling so broody at the moment. I just can't wait." “Will you be making the cot?” Lorraine asked but Will laughed: “Everyone asks me about the cot. “I think I'll leave that to the experts, but I have started making some wooden animals for her nursery." Lorraine airs weekdays on ITV at 9am.