The toll of diabetes is rising faster than anticipated, outpacing every projection made in the past decade. Lifestyle and sedentary behaviour increase susceptibility to type 2 diabetes. Where these factors are the cause, the condition can be reversed, but early detection is critical to this. As high blood sugar levels damage the retina, pressure and pain may afflict the eyes. Diabetes results from an inability to produce insulin, or respond to the hormone efficiently. The outcome of this is a dysfunction of high blood sugar levels, which need to be treated meticulously to prevent bodily damage. Failure to do so could result in the need for amputation, blindness and in severe cases, death. Fortunately, the nerve sensitivity of the eyes makes ocular blood sugar damage difficult to ignore. READ MORE: Type 2 diabetes: Craving three types of food can signal the 'highest' blood sugar levels When high blood sugar levels damage the retina’s blood vessel, this results in the creation of abnormal new ones. If these blood vessels grow inside the eye’s iris, it can cause an increase in pressure and eventually lead to neovascular glaucoma. Stacy Wiegman, licensed pharmacist at PharmD, said: “Diabetes can cause eye problems.“Pain or pressure in one or both of your eyes could be a sign of damage to the retinas. “Blurry or double vision, dark spots or blank areas and trouble seeing out of the corners of your eyes are other symptoms to watch for." The high blood sugar levels associated with diabetes, sometimes coupled with hypertension, can cause blood vessels in the eyes to swell and weaken. Sometimes, this causes a leak into the vitreous, added the expert. She continued: “This can keep light from reaching the retina.“Those damaged blood vessels may also develop scar tissue that could eventually pull the retina aware from the back of the eyes, potentially dangerous problems called retinal detachments. “You can immunise your risks of eye problems by keeping your diabetes under control.” Dedicating time and effort to reversing diabetes can hold promise where lifestyle is the cause. Figures show up to 90 percent of cases result from an unhealthy diet and lifestyle. What's more, the strongest evidence to date suggests type 2 diabetes can be put into remission by weight loss.