Despite attending several events over the Platinum Jubilee weekend and visiting Gibraltar with Prince Edward, the celebrations still aren't over for Sophie, Countess of Wessex, who fulfilled another engagement today (June 11) in Windsor. Sophie was a vision in a suitably floral dress as she opened the Royal Windsor Flower Show in Windsor Great Park to celebrate the Queen's reign. During her outing in Windsor today, Sophie had the honour of cutting the ribbon, and was pictured slicing into a large three-tier cake covered in flowers and the royal coat of arms. Sophie was not the only high-profile guest in attendance, as the Royal Windsor Rose and Horticultural Society (RWRHS) honorary president Alan Titchmarsh was also on the guest list. The event celebrated both the Queen's Platinum Jubilee and the RWRHS' own milestone 130th anniversary. Sophie mingled with society trustees and received her very own posy, and she got to take a tour around the Queen's Platinum Jubilee Garden. READ MORE: Royal mystery over Kate Middleton's plastered thumb  The garden was designed by Alan Williams of Landform Consultants, and his work has previously been displayed at the prestigious gardening fixture, the RHS Chelsea Flower Show. A children's competition to create a mini garden "fit for the Queen" also concluded with Sophie giving out the prizes today. The very best entry will have the honour of gracing the Queen's breakfast table. The RWRHS charity was established by the Queen's great-great-grandmother Queen Victoria in 1892, and has been supported by six generations of British monarchs over the decades.  Sophie's attendance at today's event was further evidence of the Queen's trust in her as a working royal. Sophie has taken a high-profile role during the Jubilee celebrations this year. Sophie and Edward recently returned from a royal trip to Gibraltar, where they met locals and watched the Queen's Birthday Parade. In a message dedicated to Gibraltar, the Queen said she was "delighted" the Earl and Countess would be visiting on her behalf. The monarch wrote: "Over the years, I have watched Gibraltar prosper as a multi-cultural and multi-faith community, proud of its rich history while dynamic and forward looking.  DON'T MISS:The three key royals who aren't part of the Queen's exclusive Order [INSIGHT]Sophie Wessex 'demoted' to waitress by Queen's chaplain [ANALYSIS]'I'm impressed!' Sophie Wessex stuns in outfit 'to die for' [PICTURES] "In my Platinum Jubilee year, I am delighted that my son and daughter-in-law have the opportunity to visit Gibraltar again and I am pleased that they will represent me at my Birthday Parade in Casemates Square, taking the salute of the Royal Gibraltar Regiment to whom Prince Edward presented new colours at Windsor earlier this year." Last Thursday, Sophie was also present for Trooping the Colour in London as one of the select group of royals invited to join the Queen on the Buckingham Palace balcony. Sophie also attended the Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday alongside her husband and their children, Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn. The family were pictured enjoying the Platinum Party at the Palace on Saturday night. On Sunday, the Wessexes joined in with a Big Jubilee Lunch along The Long Walk in Windsor to celebrate the Queen's incredible reign. 