June is known as National Rose Month because it is when roses look their best. They can also be planted during the month of June, with blooms lasting up to two weeks. Experts at plant fertiliser brand Phostrogen® explained: “There are an estimated 150 varieties of roses out there to choose from, each one as beautiful as the next. The first step to growing a beautiful rose garden is to select which type of roses you want.” There are some species famous for their scent, such as the St Ethelburga, The Generous Gardener, Lady Emma Hamilton and Compassion. Others are known for their repeat flowering, such as The Times, Super Fairy or Lady Shallot. The experts said to consider where they will be growing and how much sunlight they will be getting. They added: “When it comes to choosing the perfect spot for your rose garden, remember that almost all species thrive in full sun. READ MORE: Use banana peel trick to ‘provide an advantage’ to roses “If possible, somewhere that enjoys six to eight hours of good sun a day is ideal, but try and protect them from harsh winds, which may damage the stems. “Roses need plenty of room to grow and don’t like to share their soil, so ensure you plant them with plenty of space to grow and move. “Space your roses plant approximately one metre away from other plants and around half a metre or more away from other roses to allow them space to grow.” Roses can be used in a number of ways in the garden, including along borders. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fan shares 65p trick to unblock drains in 10 minutes [COMMENT]Windsor: The £1m property, the doer-upper & the average home [PICTURES]Use banana peel trick to ‘provide an advantage’ to roses [INSIGHT] They can also be used along walkways or to frame front doors. Maintaining roses by pruning them is important to help promote healthy growth and “encourage” flowering “year-after-year”. According to the experts at Phostrogen®, the best time to prune is usually late winter, just before active growing begins. They said: “The aim is to remove any dead wood and create good air flow to the whole plant, cutting downwards away from the bud so that water does not collect there. “Roses are susceptible to a host of diseases such as mildew, black-spot, and aphids, so pruning can help prevent the spread of disease throughout the growing season. “If you spot the signs of an infection it’s important to act fast. “Simply remove any infected leaves and branches using sharp, sterilised secateurs to prevent further spread of disease to the healthy areas of the plant.” Gardeners who have roses can also use a disease control spray. When it comes to looking after roses, the experts said they are a “very thirsty” species and require regular watering. They added: “Whether planted in pots or in borders, soil must be kept moist, but be careful not to allow it to become waterlogged. “Established roses tend to appreciate a generous water once a week, while newly planted roses will need watering more regularly. “Roses are not only thirsty, but they’re hungry too. How else could they get to be so full of beauty and fragrance, after all? “While they require minimal maintenance, they do need a good feed, so ensure you use a specialist fertiliser when you water them.”