The International Consortium of British Pensioners has estimated there are over one million pensioners now living outside of the UK. Motivations for moving abroad can vary widely, but many will choose to spend their later years in a different country. Moving abroad does not necessarily cut a person’s ties with the UK, and they may wish to visit again. This could be for a holiday, or to see family or friends, which is not uncommon. However, now Britons moving abroad are considered expats, there are changes they should bear in mind. The NHS is described as a residency-based system. READ MORE: Pensioner, 80, loses £33,000 to conman’s scam tactics - ‘let down’ It means non-UK residents, including UK nationals who move abroad on a permanent basis will lose their entitlement to free NHS healthcare. The Government explains: “Being ordinarily resident is not dependent upon nationality, payment of UK taxes, National Insurance contributions, being registered with a GP, having an NHS number or owning property in the UK.” This applies to the vast majority of pensioners who are expats, meaning they may have to adjust their expectations. Those who are not ordinarily resident in the UK may need to pay for NHS hospital treatment. DON'T MISSBritons set to have mortgage debt by 65 - 'dream is over' [INSIGHT]Pensioners ‘at risk’ of cold homes as energy costs soar [EXPLAINED]How you could become an asset ‘millionaire’ using your ISA [EXCLUSIVE] If so, they will be charged at 150 percent of the national NHS rate, it should be noted. To be considered ordinarily resident, a person must be living in the UK on a lawful and properly settled basis for the time being. People visiting England for less than six months are therefore encouraged to ensure they are covered for healthcare. This can be done through personal medical insurance during someone’s visit. Those visiting England for more than six months will need to pay what is called the immigration health surcharge, unless they are exempt. There are, however, some services carried out in NHS hospitals which are free to everyone. This includes A&E services but not including emergency treatment if admitted to hospital. Similarly, most family planning services are covered, as well as treatment for most infectious diseases. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The Government states these exemptions are in place to “protect the most vulnerable in society, and for key services essential to public health”. However, these regulations only apply in England. Accessing healthcare in other parts of the UK could be different as devolved governments have jurisdiction over health. As a result, those travelling to Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales are encouraged to look into the rules for these areas to find out more.