The 16-year-old Princess of Asturias attends the International Baccalaureate at UWC Atlantic College in Wales. Her first year at the school ended today and she will be on holiday until early September. In autumn, she is expected to return to Britain to resume her second year of study at the Welsh boarding school. As it is considered a private activity, the Spanish Royal House has not confirmed when the teenager will return to Madrid. After finishing secondary school last year at the public school Santa María de los Rosales, the heiress to the throne continued her education at the UWC Atlantic College. Some 360 students aged between 16 and 19 from more than 80 countries study at the institution. The Spanish newspaper 20 minutos reported that in her first year, the Princess shared a room with three girls of different nationalities, as the United World Schools network to which the school belongs promotes multicultural education. The royal house has preserved the Princess's privacy and has only distributed photographs of the day she joined the Welsh school. Moreover, the Spanish royal family has avoided sharing information on the grades she has obtained or the subjects she has studied. On her return to Spain, Leonor de Borbón, who will turn 17 on October 31, is only scheduled to attend the Princess of Girona Foundation event, which this year will once again be held in Barcelona. The Princess is also expected to spend a few days' holidays in Palma with her parents and her sister between the end of July and the beginning of August. Since her departure for Wales, the Princess has returned to Spain on three occasions, coinciding with the holiday breaks at the boarding school. In October, she took part in the Princess of Asturias Awards ceremony in Oviedo, while in December she did not make any appearances. In April, she visited the centre for Ukrainian refugees in Pozuelo de Alarcón in Madrid with her family. A few days later, she was at a high school in Leganés for a conference on the safe use of the Internet, the last occasion on which she was seen in public. In between, and although it was not an official activity, the Princess attended with her parents and sister the 70th birthday of Paloma Rocasolano, her maternal grandmother, who celebrated in Madrid with the family of Queen Letizia. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega