Newcastle are preparing a 'monster offer' to sign Victor Osimhen ahead of the summer transfer window, according to reports. Osimhen has attracted plenty of interest among clubs around Europe for his displays at Napoli over the past two seasons. The Nigerian forward has scored 28 goals in the last 24 months since arriving in Italy from Lille in 2020. And his form in Italy last season has led to speculation of a big-money move this summer. Arsenal had been touted as a possible destination with the Gunners desperate to bring in a superstar signing up front. But the Gunners have reportedly been put off by Napoli's £85million asking price. That could open the door for Newcastle to swoop in, with Calciomercato claiming the Magpies have been 'wooing' the forward for 'some time'. The report suggests that Osimhen's preference would be to play in the Premier League. JUST IN: Newcastle 'still on the prowl' with £51m fee no issue for Saudi owners  And Newcastle are said to be planning to make a 'monster offer' in the very near future. It is claimed that Napoli won't drop below their £85m asking price, which may test Newcastle's new owners. Bayern Munich are also said to have 'made a call' to Napoli enquiring about Osimhen's availability. The Bundesliga outfit will be on the lookout for a replacement for Robert Lewandowski this summer. DON'T MISS  But their main attention appears to be on signing Sadio Mane from Liverpool, who has shown his ability to play through the middle for Jurgen Klopp's side. Osimhen still has three years remaining on his contract at Napoli and the Italian side are showing no rush to sell their star forward. Napoli are already set to lose Dries Mertens this summer with the 35-year-old set to become a free agent. And Lorenzo Insigne is also leaving to join MLS side Toronto FC to make him the highest-paid player in the league's history. Losing both Insigne and Mertens will leave Napoli light of options up top, although Khvicha Kvaratskhelia has arrived as an early signing this summer. For Newcastle, they're desperate to make a huge splash in the transfer market to climb back up the table and begin competing with the elite clubs.