Tottenham boss Antonio Conte is reportedly plotting to prise both Anthony Gordon and Richarlison away from Everton in a surprise double swoop. Spurs had previously been linked with a move for Richarlison, who is also being tracked by Chelsea, but Conte is now also planning to make a move for Gordon. Conte has been a busy man in the transfer market and has already concluded deals to bring Ivan Perisic, Fraser Forster and Yves Bissouma to the club in recent weeks, with more new faces expected to follow before the 2022/23 campaign kicks off in August. The Italian is known to be in the market for attacking reinforcements and has been credited with an interest in Richarlison, but a new report from Sky Sports has now claimed that Spurs are putting together a package to try and persuade Everton to part ways with the Brazilian striker and his teammate, Gordon. The Toffees are 'braced' for a combined bid for the duo, who both played key roles in the final weeks of the season to ensure that Everton retained their Premier League status. READ MORE: Chelsea chief Petr Cech the latest to quit club after 'Lukaku dispute' While Richarlison has been one of Everton's main men for some time, Gordon has evolved into a key player at Goodison Park over the past 12 months and thrived under the guidance of Frank Lampard, who took over at the club back at the end of January. The exciting winger bagged four goals and laid on two across 35 Premier League games last term, but it his electric pace and direct style that caught the eye last term as he caused endless problems for opposing teams down the flanks. It remains to be seen if Everton would be willing to part with Gordon, although Richarlison is expected to leave the club this summer. The ex-Watford man joined the Toffees back in 2018 and has hit double figures every season since he arrived on Merseyside. DON'T MISS: Chelsea eyeing Man Utd transfer hijack as Blues ‘hold Antony meeting'What Frenkie de Jong has told his agent about Man Utd moveCristiano Ronaldo 'not going anywhere' as Bayern respond to links Unsurprisingly, Spurs are not the only club courting a move for a proven Premier League goalscorer. The club's London rivals, Chelsea, are another interested party and could move for Richarlison once Romelu Lukaku's return to Inter Milan is confirmed. The Blues are desperate to bring in some attacking reinforcements to bolster Thomas Tuchel's squad this summer after Lukaku's unsuccessful return to the Premier League. Chelsea shelled out a club-record £97.5million to bring the Belgian striker back to the club from Inter Milan last year, but he mustered just eight league goals. As well as keeping tabs on Richarlison's situation at Everton, Tuchel is also an admirer of Raheem Sterling, who could be free to leave Manchester City this summer, and free agent Ousmane Dembele, who he worked with briefly during his time at Borussia Dortmund.