French pipeline operator GRTgaz made the announcement on Friday, but said it had no exact information on the cause of the cut. GRTgaz said in statement: “Since June 15, GRTgaz has noted a halt in the physical flow between France and Germany. “This flow was around 60 gigawatt hours per day at the start of 2022, which is only 10 percent of the capacity of the interconnection point.” The group added that overall flows between the interconnection points in eastern France with Germany plummeted by 60 percent in the first five months of the year compared with 2021 levels. The move comes after Gazprom, Russia’s Kremlin-controlled gas giant, announced it would slash gas deliveries to Germany on June 16, blaming the move on a “delayed return of gas compressor units from repair by Siemens”. While Germany is far more dependent on France for Russian supplies, with the former getting 40 percent of its gas from Russia and the latter 17 percent, GRTgaz has warned that France may have to resort to exceptional measures to limit energy consumption. It said this would be the case if the country was hit with an intense or late wave of cold temperatures. This group warned this might involve activating contracts with industrial groups that have agreed to limit usage in extreme scenarios in return for a fee. But GRTgaz has assure that did not see any risk in gas shortages for this summer in France, adding that the country has been building up stocks for winter. The company said: "In the event of a total stoppage of Russian gas deliveries and a normal winter, France should be able to ensure the supply-demand balance of the French gas system." Berlin has also warned its citizens that it may have to resort to energy rationing as a result of the dip in Russian gas travelling through the Nord Stream 1 pipeline. Vice Chancellor Robert Habeck warned that the supply cut has put Germany in a “serious” situation, adding “every kilowatt hour helps”. But France and Germany are also not the only countries feeling the pinch of a Russian gas squeeze. READ MORE: Putin makes mistake as nuke threat to UK BACKFIRES Eni, the Italian power company, also said that gas flow to Italy had been slashed by up to 15 percent on Wednesday, which reportedly worsened the following day. Slovakia has also seen its supplies cut by 30 percent, while Austrian energy company OMV was reportedly told by Gazprom that it will also be hit with a supply cut. While Gazprom has blamed the delay in the return of the repaired equipment on western sanctions, Mr Habeck has unleashed fury at Putin for cutting off Europe’s gas. He called the move a “political decision” that is a pretext for driving up gas prices. DON'T MISS HS2 archaeologists blown away by ‘stunning’ Anglo-Saxon finds [REPORT] Russian commanders go rogue as humiliating demise exposed [INSIGHT] Ukraine power shift: Russian forces depleted by 96% [REVEAL] Janis Kluge,Senior Associate at the German Institute for International and Security Affairs, is also not convinced by Gazprom’s excuse. He tweeted: “Russia cuts gas supply to Germany, France and Italy, on the day that Scholz, Macron and Draghi are in #Ukraine. Timing is no coincidence, but the underlying strategy is economics: Russia is cutting off gas gradually, thereby maximizing the remaining revenue it can still get. Gazprom is exploiting its market power, using sanctions as an excuse to break its commitments (says German vice-chancellor Habeck). All of this is rational, given that gas relations with the EU have no future. Contracts don't matter at this point, only physics do. “There is probably no good measure against it. I'm sceptical that embargo threats or price caps will get cheap gas flowing. Germany has built itself a trap, and it will simply have to pay the price for not diversifying away from Russia earlier.“