Tory MP Roger Gale has raised concern over the future of the Conservative Party and the fate of Tory rebels after the no-confidence as he will most likely not resign. Mr Johnson has so far ruled out resigning despite revelations over Partygate emerging bit by bit over the last few months. Both former Conservative Prime Minister Theresa May and Margaret Thatcher stepped down when they felt they had lost the conservative party’s confidence. Speaking to Sky News, Mr Gale said: "Mr Johnson will not resign. That’s going to place us all in a tricky position indeed because patently you can’t unvote your vote of no confidence. "He won’t resign. Theresa May honourably resigned. And Margaret Thatcher honourably resigned because they felt they’d lost the confidence of their party. "I have no confidence in the prime minister. I’ve said that very publicly. I can’t unsay that." On the consequences of Boris Johnson staying in power, he said: "I fear we have a divided party. And divided parties don’t win elections. But this, for me, is not about winning the election. "This is about the governance of the United Kingdom. That’s what really matters." Sky News’s TV host Sophy Ridge: "But that would also affect the governance of the United Kingdom if he can’t control his own party." Mr Gale answered: "Yes, and it’s going be very very difficult indeed. But somehow, we’ll have to work through this. We’ll have to see what happens tonight and then the next will have to be considered." "Have you voted?" Ms Ridge asked in reference to tonight’s no-confidence vote. Mr Gale said: "Yes, absolutely. I was the fourth person to vote." "Wow, very keen to get in the queue by all accounts," Ms Ridge answered. When asked why he voted no-confidence, he said besides Partygate, several factors played a role in his decision. READ MORE: Boris snub leaves ‘Brexiteers furious' as expert brands PM a ‘loner’ "I put my letter in, in fact, after the Barnard castle affair. Because I thought the prime minister’s judgment was faulty. I thought then and I think so now.  And I think all the events in between have just strengthened my view. We need another Prime Minister." Sky News' Sophy Ridge pointed out that nobody else in the party has the same record as Boris Johnson of winning big on elections, in reference to the landslide Conservative victory in 2019. "Why on earth would you want to switch horses now?" she asked. Mr Gale answered: "Because he’s not the right person for the job. And I heard this argument over and over again: there isn’t another person. Well actually, we are spoiled for choice. There are at least half a dozen – probably more people who might throw their hat into the ring." DON'T MISS:Boris Johnson 'pledges to slash taxes' if Tory MPs keep him in No.10 [REPORT]Boris' vote of no confidence could see Tories WIPED OUT for 20 years [REPORT]Tory leadership hopeful Mordaunt breaks silence [REPORT] On his bet, Mr Gale cited Deputy Prime Minister Dominique Raab, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace, Trade Minister Penny Mordaunt and Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Select Committee Tom Tugendhat. "I mean, do you want me to go on? And they’re all good people. So, we have got a choice. And if we get to the leadership election, then people will play their cards and we’ll decide who we want to put forward to the party leadership."