Manchester United could unveil Frenkie de Jong at Old Trafford as soon as this weekend as transfer talk with Barcelona enter the final stages, according to reports. The Red Devils have been working tirelessly on a lucrative deal for several, exhausting weeks but it appears the long-running saga could now be about to reach a positive conclusion.  United have been locked in talks with Barcelona over a move for Erik ten Hag's former Ajax maestro ever since the Dutch tactician identified him as the club's top summer transfer target. Ten Hag met with United officials in Amsterdam in the closing stages of his Ajax tenure and decided to launch a charm offensive for the 25-year-old technician. An opening offer worth around £51.3million plus a further £9m in add-ons was initially rejected by the Catalonia giants but there was a willingness to do business. Now there is broad agreement in place between the two European giants, estimated to be worth around £56m. READ MORE: Man Utd to bolster Erik ten Hag transfer budget as '£11m Fulham agreement struck' According to Sky Germany reporter Florian Plettenberg, United could even unveil De Jong at Old Trafford as soon as this weekend. He said: "Update De Jong: Ten Hag wanted him, he will get him! The deal is in the final stages. De Jong is on verge to join #MUFC! Been told that de Jong could be presented at the weekend. But it’s not 100 % safe right now. There are plans to present him in the stadium." De Jong has made it clear on several occasions that he would prefer to remain with Barcelona next season but the club could be forced to sell to ease their financial struggles. Ronald Koeman, who coached De Jong during his time in charge of Barcelona and the Netherlands, recently shared his doubts as to whether the player wanted to move this summer but personal terms are not expected to be a problem. DON'T MISS MORE UNITED GOSSIPCristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signingsMan Utd board 'in talks' over surprise first signing to kickstart Erik ten Hag eraMan Utd to bolster Erik ten Hag transfer budget as '£11m Fulham agreement struck' "The only thing I know is that Frenkie wants to continue at Barca," Koeman told Esport 3 earlier this week. "A couple of days ago he told me he wanted to continue. What I don’t know is if Barca wants to sell him or needs money because he is one of the few players for whom they can get a good amount. For me, De Jong is a great player for Barca." Meanwhile, Barcelona chiefs with Deco on Wednesday to discuss the possibility of hijacking Chelsea's move for Leeds winger Raphinha. In order to do just that, a sale is thought to be necessary and De Jong could be the man to make way. Ten Hag is thought to have turned on the charm in his bid to entice De Jong into a reunion in the Premier League, calling his former player on several occasions to discuss his plans for the Holland international, who he plans to shape his new-look United team around. Manchester City had shown initial interest before agreeing their £45m deal to sign Leeds ace Kalvin Phillips. United, however, are now edging closer to landing their man after also striking a £12m deal with Feyenoord for Tyrell Malacia. The left-back shares the same agent as De Jong as the Red Devils prepare to spark their transfer window into life.