A Russian tanker has been caught on film having a miraculous escape after triggering not one but two anti-tank mines in Ukraine. Drone footage captures the moment the tank strikes the first mine resulting in a massive explosion. The tank appears to survive the first explosion intact before reversing straight onto a second device. A shockwave bounces the vehicle into the air as the exploding mines send a blast in all directions. Once again, the tank appears to emerge from the blast, and later on a crewman is seen standing on top surveying the damage. Then what appears to be a Ukrainian artillery strike lands directly on the tank, finally destroying the vehicle.   The Russian tanker manages to survive the artillery strike and hops off the burning vehicle. It is not clear if any other members of the tank crew survived the attack. Russian troops on Wednesday pressed their assault on a factory city they see as key to controlling a swathe of eastern Ukraine, while the United States said it would supply advanced rockets to Kyiv to help it force Moscow to negotiate an end to the war. Ukraine's General Staff said Russian forces, now 98 days into their invasion, were also pounding targets including key infrastructure in other eastern and southern areas, including the city of Sievierodonetsk, an industrial centre that has been the main focus of Russia's offensive in recent days.   President Joe Biden announced the supply of advanced rocket systems and munitions that could strike with precision at long-range Russian targets as part of a $700 million weapons package expected to be unveiled on Wednesday. "We have moved quickly to send Ukraine a significant amount of weaponry and ammunition so it can fight on the battlefield and be in the strongest possible position at the negotiating table," Biden wrote in an opinion piece in the New York Times. A senior Biden administration official said the new supplies - which come on top of billions of dollars worth of other equipment such as drones and anti-aircraft missiles - included the M142 High Mobility Artillery Rocket System (HIMARS), which Kyiv has said is "crucial" to counter Russian missile attacks. Moscow assessed the new US aid package "extremely negatively," Russia's Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov told state news agency RIA Novosti. DON'T MISS: Putin’s terrifying ‘superweapon’ can be placed ‘in range' of UK [REPORT]How to protect yourself after the deployment of biological weapons Hea [EXPLAINER]‘Own goal’ Too dangerous for Putin to launch a cyberattack [REPORT] Addressing concerns that such weapons could draw the United States into direct conflict, senior administration officials said Ukraine gave assurances the missiles would not be used to strike inside Russia. "These systems will be used by the Ukrainians to repel Russian advances on Ukrainian territory, but they will not be used on targets in Russian territory," one US official said. If Russia captures Sievierodonetsk, and its smaller twin Lysychansk on the higher west bank of the Siverskyi Donets river, it will hold all of Luhansk, a key war aim of President Vladimir Putin's forces. The city has now been largely reduced to rubble, with nearly all critical infrastructure destroyed and 60 percent of residential property damaged beyond repair, regional governor Serhiy Gaidai said on Tuesday. Russian shelling has made it impossible to deliver aid or evacuate people, he added.