After a slow start to the summer transfer window, Manchester United appear to finally be waking up. Agreements with Barcelona and Feyenoord have been reached for Frenkie de Jong and Tyrell Malacia, while interest in the likes of Lisandro Martinez, Christian Eriksen and Antony remains. So Express Sport will now take a look at how Erik ten Hag’s team could look next season if all five players arrive. A year ago, it looked as though David De Gea’s United career was coming to the end. The Spain international had lost his place to Dean Henderson by the end of the 2019/2020 season, even though he was given the responsibility of starting the Europa League final. But De Gea, since then, has bounced back. He was one of the club’s best players last term amid a nightmare campaign under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. And De Gea is now poised to start as Ten Hag’s No 1, with Henderson likely to leave and veteran shot-stopper Tom Heaton also facing an uncertain future. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez United want to sign a new right-back this summer. But with the club focused on other areas of their squad, it’s feasible Diogo Dalot will continue to be deployed in that position next term. United do want a new centre-back, however, with Ajax star Martinez one of the players currently under consideration. As established above, the Red Devils have agreed a fee with Feyenoord when it comes to securing the signing of Malacia. Both the Netherlands international and Martinez could be deployed in a back four, with Dalot and Raphael Varane also starting. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen While United have high hopes Bruno Fernandes can rediscover his best form, it’s possible he’ll find himself on the bench if he’s unable to improve. And Eriksen could then slot in at No 10, with the Denmark international set to make a final decision on a move to Old Trafford imminently. Brentford are also hoping to land the 30-year-old, who spent a brief period at the Community Stadium last season. Behind Eriksen, United would then deploy De Jong - with the Netherlands international likely to join from Barcelona by the end of the week. And they may then partner De Jong with former Ajax team-mate Donny van de Beek, who is set to be given a lifeline by Ten Hag after struggling over the past two years. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team If United do land Antony, it’s expected he’ll play on the right-wing. The club have struggled in that department in recent years, failing to see the best of the likes of Alexis Sanchez, Memphis Depay, Henrikh Mkhitaryan and Angel Di Maria. Down the middle would then go Cristiano Ronaldo, despite the veteran being linked with a move to Chelsea. And, on the left, United will be hoping Jadon Sancho can kick on after an underwhelming first year in English football. Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial, meanwhile, would have to accept places on the bench - which could be damaging given the World Cup in Qatar is creeping increasingly closer. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Speaking recently to fans at a pub, meanwhile, United chief Richard Arnold insisted the club were keen to learn from the mistakes of the past - while also insisting the money was ‘there’ for new recruits. “We spent a billion pounds on players. We have spent more than anyone in Europe,” he said. “I’m not thrilled where we are. It doesn’t sit easy with me and I worry how we get this sorted for the future. “What’s happened is we have [expletive] burned through cash. You can’t go to our training ground and say ‘show me where the £1billion is' because we haven’t spent money well historically. “I’m not here to defend (chairman) Joel (Glazer). He must speak for himself. “But you have taken the time to come here and make your views known - and I respect that. “We’ve blown through an enormous amount of money. For this summer, the money the manager and the director of football (John Murtough) wants is there.”