Manchester United have reportedly outbid Barcelona for Leeds star Raphinha. However, it’s stated that the player’s agent Deco is still working hard to ensure his client moves to the Nou Camp instead of Old Trafford. And it now seems the two European giants are involved in a transfer scrap as they seek to strengthen their respective squads. Manchester United know they need a new forward this summer. Cristiano Ronaldo is approaching the end of his career, Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford haven’t kicked on and Jadon Sancho is yet to live up to expectations following his £73million move from Borussia Dortmund last year. Mason Greenwood remains unavailable, too, while Edinson Cavani has left the club after two years on their books. With that being the case, Sport now say United have moved in with a bid for Leeds’ Raphinha - who scored 11 Premier League goals from 35 appearances in the competition last term. While the amount they’ve offered isn’t specified, it’s claimed it’s actually higher than what Barcelona have offered Leeds. But though United are pushing to land the Brazil international, Barcelona are still frontrunners in the race for his signature. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer Deco, the player’s agent, is working hard behind the scenes in order to ensure his client moves to the Nou Camp rather than Old Trafford. Raphinha is said to be valued at around £55.7million. And whether Barcelona can stump up that amount, especially given their financial situation, is something only time will tell. Raphinha would be a shrewd addition to United and, if he ends up making the move to the Theatre of Dreams, would become the cub’s ninth Brazilian player. Kleberson was a dud after arriving from Atletico Paranaense in the summer transfer window of 2003. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links But Anderson was a popular figure during his time at the club, winning four Premier League titles as well as the Champions League crown in 2008 - having arrived from Porto the previous year. Rodrigo Possebon was tipped for greatness as an academy United youngster yet a serious injury prevented him from fulfilling his potential. Rafael and Fabio Da Silva both had some good moments under Sir Alex Ferguson, while Andreas Pereira was useful for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer at times. And Fred and Alex Telles have both joined in the years since Ferguson retired. As well as Raphinha, United also have interest in other players. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Frenkie de Jong is their top transfer target, though Barcelona are trying to get as much money as possible for their prized asset. In defence, Pau Torres and Jurrien Timber have both been linked amid uncertainty over their futures at Villarreal and Ajax. And, up top, United are admirers of RB Leipzig’s Christopher Nkunku and Ajax’s Antony - as well as Raphinha. Speaking at the start of the month, meanwhile, former United star Paul Parker called on his old side to land Raphinha this summer. "Now, he’s (Raphinha) not a centre-forward, he’s a wide player, he’s creative. He plays off the cuff, he improvises,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "So, I would say that he’s everything that Manchester United are about. When you look at Manchester United wide players, none of them have really done a lot. "Only one player has really made an impact as a wide player, but he is inexperienced and he needs to be working with better quality players, more honest players, more professional senior pros, and that’s (Anthony) Elanga. Sancho showed glimpses. "Rashford, let’s leave Rashford out of this. They haven’t had anything from someone from a wide area who’s gonna be frightening in the forward position. "So, yes I have to say that he (Raphinha) would be a very good signing and the fact that he’s playing in the Premier League is a fact that makes even more sense. They haven’t got to worry about integration. "So, common sense says, if he’s available, when you talk money I think he’s like £35 million. I would say he would be a very, very good signing for Manchester United."