Despite a huge switch toward electric vehicles and many manufacturers saying they will only make EVs after this decade, some carmakers like Ferrari and Lamborghini are clinging to petrol engines and will continue to make high-powered cars that employ them. According to Reuters, at an investor day this month, Ferrari executives did promise a new era, with the first fully electric Ferrari arriving in 2025. But for now, combustion engines remain at the core of what it does. Unlike some rivals, Ferrari has not provided a roadmap for going all electric. Other brands like Bentley and Volvo are both targeting 2030 for the switchover date. According to a source familiar with Ferrari's business plans, a new production line focused on electric vehicles should help increase annual production at its plant in Maranello, Italy, by more than 35 percent to over 15,000 cars by 2025. READ MORE: London councils support huge ULEZ expansion despite impact on drivers That’s 65 cars per day versus 46 currently - delivering higher profit margins in the process. Its line-up could also grow to at least 17 models by 2026 from 12 today. But most new models will still use a combustion engine - including its first SUV, the Purosangue which has a huge V12 under the bonnet. It comes as the European Union has this week agreed to ban the sale of new petrol and diesel cars from 2035, when only zero emission vehicles will be allowed. DON'T MISSDrivers warned as all new EV chargers must be ‘smart' from today [IMPORTANT]Electric cars may pay car tax through 'vehicle tracking technologies' [INSIGHT]European Union agrees to ban sales of petrol and diesel cars by 2035 [SHOCKING] Environment ministers from the European Union’s 27-member states agreed to a range of measures to tackle climate change after lengthy discussions. After 16 hours of negotiations, policymakers agreed to phase out new fossil fuel car sales as of 2035. Ministers supported core parts of the package that the European Commission first proposed last summer, including a law requiring new cars sold in the EU to emit zero CO2 from 2035. That would make it impossible to sell internal-combustion engine cars. The deal makes it likely that the proposal will become EU law. The outcome states: “The Council also agreed to introduce a 100 percent CO2 emissions reduction target by 2035 for new cars and vans.” Lofty goals have been set by the European Union to reduce net emissions by 55 percent from 1990 levels. The European Union is the world’s third-largest emitter of greenhouse gas emissions. Also in the agreement was a requirement to impose CO2 costs on polluting fuels used in transport and buildings, which should launch in 2027. This included a €59billion (£50.8billion) fund to protect low-income citizens from the policy’s costs between 2027 and 2032. Should car makers switch to electric as soon as possible? Have your say below.