Avery Baker (played by Omar Lye-Fook) will turn up and cause trouble in EastEnders much to the annoyance of his brother Mitch Baker (Roger Griffiths). It will be clear from the start the two brothers don’t get along but could his arrival lead to the Taylor clan being torn apart? Perhaps Mitch’s hatred of his brother stems from his past closeness with soulmate Karen Taylor (Lorraine Stanley). In next week’s episodes, Avery arrives in Albert Square and immediately causes a scene. His flash car is spotted by the market traders and it’s not long before he’s upset the locals. Realising his arrival in Walford hasn’t gone as planned, Avery plans a gathering in The Vic and invites everyone along. Meanwhile, Karen encourages a reluctant Mitch to celebrate his birthday. She eventually drags him over to the Walford pub for a drink but the pair are stunned when they see who’s waiting for them. Read more: EastEnders theory: Jean Slater killed in Mo Harris return plot  Avery invites himself over to the Taylor’s but it’s clear Mitch isn’t interested. The estranged brother impresses the rest of the clan while the taxi driver looks on. Later, at The Vic, Mitch snaps at his brother for not being there for him when he needed him. Avery apologises and tells him he wants to make up for lost time. He explains he’s got a job he needs help with but Mitch is sceptical. Mitch discusses the proposition with Karen who encourages him to give his brother a chance. The taxi driver is convinced his brother has an ulterior motive and doesn’t know yet whether he can trust him. Later, Avery arrives with a van of white goods and assures his younger brother everything is above abroad. Mitch agrees to do the job but is furious when he later realises the goods were dodgy. The taxi driver warns his brother to stay away from his family but Avery is undeterred. DON'T MISSEastEnders theory: Lauren Branning returns as Peter seeks revenge [THEORY]EastEnders theory: Kim Fox pregnant but Howie isn't the father [SPOILER]EastEnders theory: Lily Slater in danger after running away [INSIGHT] He turns up at the Taylors and begs his brother to speak to him but before he can he collapses. The family awaits news while Mitch calls Avery’s two sons Finlay (Ashley Byam) and Felix (Matthew Morrison). They soon join the rest of their family in Walford and reveal they have a big admission to make about their father. EastEnders fans will know Mitch and Karen have endured many ups and downs as a couple. The pair recently reunited and their son Keegan Baker (Zack Morris) flying the nest helped cement their relationship further. However, could Karen have been close to Avery in the past and be hiding a huge secret about the father of her children? Mitch was never around to watch Keegan or Chantelle Atkins (Jessica Plumber) grow up. Could Avery have stepped in and helped Karen when Chantelle was a child? EastEnders families are known for hiding explosive secrets and if Avery had concerns about his health he made have told his two sons Finlay and Felix about his suspicions regarding Keegan’s paternity. Could this be the end for the Taylor-Baker clan? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.