Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen has revealed she received a warning from social services about how she was raising her children. She did not specify why, but insisted she wanted them to spend time outdoors without being overly anxious about health and safety all the time. Speaking at the Hay Festival of Literature & Arts, the 47-year-old said: "I don't see myself as a perfect parent. "I got a yellow flag from social services... I believe there is a happy medium whereby you do let the kids climb trees. "Yes, they haven't got harnesses on or hard hats, but I believe there are some lessons to be learned that don't necessarily result in instant death but actually learn your own parameters,” she added, according to The Sun. Amanda has nine children between the ages of five and 21, who she shares with husband Clive, 67. They are Raven, 21, Reuben, 18, Miles, 15, Edith, 13, Violet, 11, Sidney, ten, Annas, eight, Clemmie, six, and Nancy, five. Back in 2018, she was criticised for letting some of her brood drive quad bikes without helmets, and on tractor cabs and trailers without guardrails. Unite member and assistant farmer Matthew Belsey, who also serves on the Health and Safety Executive’s Agriculture Industry Advisory Committee, said at the time: “It’s really disappointing as a union to be working so hard to raise awareness about health and safety in the most dangerous industry in the economy – and then to see such risks and violations popularised on a TV show. “I have children and young grandchildren and, as an experienced farmworker, I would never put them in risky situations like those shown on the programme.” Amanda didn’t comment on the criticism at the time, but she has also been widely praised for allowing her children to develop a keen understanding of the land they live on, spending time outside and helping their parents by mucking in on the farm. Michelle Harrison tweeted: “It's like a breath of fresh air watching these kids how they all muck in appreciate everything not motivated by greed good parenting as well #OurYorkshireFarm”. “Love these lucky, lucky children, blessed with the best childhood anyone could wish for,” added Steve Markham. “A masterclass in parenting. I adore sharing in their adventures.” DON'T MISS...Liz Hurley, 56, celebrates Platinum Jubilee in tiny white bikini [PICS]Zoe Ball blamed for 'painful' Jubilee version of Sweet Caroline [TWITTER]A Place In The Sun's Jonnie Irwin says 'life is pretty upside down' [UPDATE] Dave Phillips gushed: “There is not an ounce of fat on the 9 children in #OurYorkshireFarm and I would suggest they are better educated, and more rounded, than the majority of children in the UK today. Outstanding parenting, well done”. Amanda was also defended by Jeremy Vine on his Channel 5 show on Monday, as he said: “[The children] drive tractors and stuff and I guarantee someone, somewhere has taken exception.” He continued: "I think they’ve probably seen the children playing on a cliff or something. “If you’re the wrong kind of person watching that programme and you see a child of seven helping the sheep give birth to a lamb you might think that shouldn’t be happening and call social services. “I don’t know what the flag means maybe they’ve just watched the programme. “But there’s nothing unsafe here,” he added. “It’s really odd this thing of blowing the whistle on perfectly innocent other people.” Express.co.uk has contacted Amanda for comment.