Liverpool have been told of two Tottenham Hotspur players who could replace Sadio Mane as the Senegalese winger continues to be linked with a move to Bayern Munich. Former Reds goalkeeper David James believes that both Harry Kane and Son Heung-min could replace Mane at Liverpool. He told GGrecon: "Son can do a lot of Liverpool-esque stuff and he’s proved that not just with the goals he’s scored but the assists he’s provided over a period of time. “The question is, would Son want to move? I’m not saying that Harry Kane doesn’t love Tottenham, but you rarely see Son linked with a move away from Spurs and he’s always looked happy there. “Harry Kane and Son would be fitting replacements for Sadio Mané, but if Harry Kane has given any indication that he wants to move then that’s something that Son hasn’t done, so the latter would be a harder transfer to seal. “If Mané’s going then they have to replace him. Going back to my earlier point about Liverpool’s recruitment, I’m sure for any position in that team they’ll know who their targets are, what they’ll cost and all these things, therefore they'll be seeing that Mané could be leaving and know they’ll have to act fast. We’ve spoken about Harry Kane already as a potential replacement, but I’ll just chuck a name in there; you’ve got Patrik Schick who finished second to Robert Lewandowski in the Bundesliga goal standings. He’s a young player who’s got plenty of experience, so he could be an option for Liverpool.” The Czech Republic forward, who scored 24 goals in 27 Bundesliga games last season, has however recently renewed his contract at Bayern Leverkusen until 2027. “Whoever the replacement is, considering the goals Liverpool have scored this season and finishing behind Manchester City by one point again”, the former England goalkeeper added. “Then there has to be an improvement considering Erling Haaland is heading to Man City. “If you’re not going to improve yourselves then what chance do you have? Liverpool lost four games in all competitions this season, so you would argue that means they’re the best team theoretically, but the problem was that there were too many draws that cost them the title in the end. “One win instead of a draw would have given them the advantage they needed. One goal stopped them winning the title, but with Erling Haaland next season at Manchester City, then the difference isn’t going to be just one goal, it may be multiple goals. Liverpool have to make that improvement. It’s doable but the recruitment will have to be spot on again.”