Arsenal are reportedly interested in improving their front line ahead of the new Premier League campaign after narrowly missing out on Champions League football this season - with Leeds star Raphinha said to be a target for the Gunners. Raphinha, 25, joined Leeds in 2020 after impressing at Sporting Lisbon and Rennes over the course of two years. The Brazilian has gone from strength to strength at Elland Road, racking up 17 goals in 65 league games for the Whites, who stayed up on the final day of last season after a flirt with the drop zone. But with the Yorkshire club at the wrong end of the table, Raphinha has been tipped to look for a move away, with Arsenal now reportedly looking at a move for his services. Fabrizio Romano reports that there is 'genuine interest' from the Gunners in the winger, having taken a liking to him in March. Jesse Marsch's side won't take anything less than £50million for the player, and that was the message relayed to Barcelona just days ago. Arsenal are looking to strengthen up front but Barca are equally keen to sign the Brazilian. Mikel Arteta's men may have to move quickly with the Blaugrana highly interested. Marsch explained recently how he believes Raphinha is a "fantastic player" and admits rumours linking him to Barcelona are deserved. "Raphinha is a massive talent and my challenge is, despite all of the talk outside, to have the relationship where we can focus on his development in helping the team while he is here," Marsch told reporters in April. I haven't had a word with him about Deco or Barcelona. It should be out there because [he] is fantastic. "I just want him to become the player I know he can be. Everyone here wants to enjoy the football he can play and of course we want him to stay as long as possible. Fantastic player and very good person." Leeds have already signed Salzburg duo Brenden Aaronson and Rasmus Nissen Kristensen for a combined fee of £35m. They are still expected to make at least two more signings, although those transfers could be be offset with the potential sale of Raphinha.