Calamine lotion has a "soothing, cooling effect" on the skin, the NHS noted, which can help alleviate the discomfort felt from a chickenpox infection – especially for small children who are most likely to get the infection for the very first time. One Twitter user tweeted: "FYI, parents I would advise you stock up on calamine lotion wherever you can find it from now." They added: "Apparently there's a massive chickenpox outbreak and, at the manufacturer level, there is a shortage of Calamine lotion. "We spent two days searching for some in various pharmacies/supermarkets." Another Twitter user wrote: "We now have chickenpox spreading like wildfire, and a shortage of calamine lotion." Another posted: "The amount of parents and grandparents that have asked me for Calamine lotion and chicken pox mouse [sic] stuff. The shortage is annoying." READ MORE: Dementia: Scientists identify vitamin deficiency that may cause decline  The Professor of Paediatric Infection and Immunity added: "The first symptom is usually a high temperature, which settles over the next few days. "About a day after the fever starts, the typical chickenpox rash appears." For the majority of children, chickenpox is nothing more than an inconvenient illness. If born with a poorly functioning immune system, the disease can be "life-threatening". The most common complication of the disease is a secondary bacterial infection. Children, nowadays, can undergo a routine vaccination against chickenpox from around 12 months of age. For adults who have not been exposed to the chickenpox virus during childhood, they are at risk of a more severe experience when infected. How to treat chickenpox While there is no cure for the condition, treatments are available to help alleviate itching and discomfort while the body naturally heals itself. One such treatment method recommended by the NHS, aside from calamine lotion, is to take painkillers. Painkillers can help to reduce any painful sensation while helping to bring down a high temperature. Paracetamol is the "preferred painkiller", as non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) pose a risk of an adverse skin reaction while a person has chickenpox. Hydration is also key and, for youngsters who have the uncomfortable lesions inside of the mouth, then sugar-free ice lollies are recommended. Express.co.uk is currently awaiting a response from the Department of Health as to whether the shortage of Calamine lotion and a rise in chickenpox cases is official.