Teresa Bruce was told she couldn’t board the plane at Alicante due to the size of her hand luggage. Bruce, 63, had been visiting Benidorm with friends. She was left irate and worried as she was unable to access her medication for her diabetes. Teresa said she was in the queue when a member of Ryanair staff approached her to say her hand luggage was “too big” for the flight. The ASDA employee was then told she would have to pay 69 euros (£58) to put the suitcase in the aeroplane’s hold. Teresa said she had travelled with the same case already and she had spent all her money on the holiday. READ MORE: TUI family holiday ruined after raunchy festival - 'drunk like fish' Her friend offered to pay the money but Teresa said she was still left unable to board the Ryanair flight. “I couldn’t understand why I needed to pay for the case when I had flown over from Prestwick with it just five days before. “I need to take a jab every Thursday for my Type 2 diabetes and I didn’t take it with me as it needs to be refrigerated. “I was expecting to get home that day," the Daily Record reported. “I asked to speak to a supervisor and said I was diabetic and had to get home for my medication.” Teresa said she was told that she would have to go back through security to speak to someone but didn’t have time before the flight. Teresa’s friend sent her the money via bank transfer but by then she was told it was too late to board. She claimed: “There were people still waiting to go on the stairs to get to the plane. The flight attendant was determined I wasn’t getting on that plane.” She said she was then left to sleep in the airport overnight alone. Teresa said the experience was “scary”. She said: “To think Ryanair left a female in a foreign country on her own is absolutely shocking.” A Ryanair spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “This passenger’s cabin bag exceeded the dimensions permitted for her flight from Alicante to Prestwick. "As per Ryanair’s T&Cs which were accepted by the passenger at the time of booking, oversized cabin baggage must be placed in the hold of the aircraft for a standard fee. "This passenger initially refused to pay the charge, but later changed her mind and returned to the gate, however boarding for the flight had subsequently closed, and the passenger missed her flight.” Teresa said she had to pay for a flight to Edinburgh the next day as there were no flights to Prestwick for the next three days. Ryanair passengers can all bring a small personal bag which must fit under the seat in front of them. Passengers who pay for extra cabin luggage can bring a 10kg bag of 55x40x22cm.