Dr Ross Perry, a GP and medical director of Cosmedics Skin Clinics, recommended coating the skin in Greek or natural yoghurt to ease the burning. He explained: “Probiotics found in yoghurt can relieve sunburn as they work to restore the skin’s natural barrier and reduce inflammation. Natural and Greek yoghurt can help with sunburn and blistering due to the lactic acid which works as an exfoliant and removes the skin's top layers.” He continued: “In addition, rising temperatures result in blocked sweat glands which can cause inflammation and sensitivity. “Cold natural yoghurt will also help reduce symptoms and soothe skin.” There are several other simple steps that could help in the aftermath of burning. “A cold compress can help to relieve inflammation of sunburn and reduce the pain,” he said.  READ MORE: Supplements warning: Four supplements that may cause ‘potentially fatal’ heart arrhythmias “Don’t keep this on for longer than 20 minutes. “You can use it every hour throughout the day. “It’s best to avoid putting ice packs directly onto skin as you can actually over cool the skin.“Always wrap in a towel first. “Cold tea will also help.   “Allow tea bags to soak for an hour covered until they are cool. “Use a cotton pad to apply onto the affected skin. “Again as tea is rich in antioxidants, particularly green tea it will help treat damaged and irritated skin.” Dr Perry added: “Placing anything cold on to sunburnt skin will help and the same can be said for milk.  “It works as a gentle exfoliant removing the dead skin from the top of the sunburn. it also contains antioxidants which again helps to reduce inflammation.” However, as with all medical conditions, prevention is preferable to finding a cure or solution, “Not wearing SPF and getting burnt will increase the risk of getting skin cancer,” he concluded. “It only takes one sunburn to potentially develop later on.  “It’s super important therefore to apply SPF of at least 30 before heading outside. Try to keep out of the midday sun and seek the shade where possible. “Wear loose cotton clothing, keep eyes protected and wear a wide brimmed hat. “Make sure to keep reapplying SPF every two to three hours if you’re outside all day, more if you’re playing sport or in the water and when applying don’t forget eyelids and around the hairline. “In no way risk getting burnt.” 