In 1982 one of the most wonderful, positive and status-affirming events took place in my family’s life - my mother and father became property owners. They were in their early 50s yet they had never owned anywhere they had lived in before. We were renters. To this day I remember the rent man calling on a Friday and I also remember the odd time I was told: “Eamonn, don’t answer the door if HE knocks.” Once my parents had bought their own place there was none of that. We had lived in our Council house for so long it was offered at a reduced rate under Margaret Thatcher’s Right to Buy Scheme. From memory we were offered it at around £8000 – about half a day’s pay for the modern Premier League superstar and a total giveaway. But even at that paltry sum, my dad still had to get a loan from the Credit Union. To help further, myself and my other working brothers chipped in. Dad didn’t really like that. He wanted to do it on his own - but it wasn’t going to happen without us. I remember thinking at the time why shouldn’t we pay our way? Most of us still lived there, myself included. Even so, dad always said: “I’ll pay you that money back as soon as I get it.” Through no fault of his own he never did. One of the reasons my parents buying their home sticks so vividly in my mind is the spring in the step it gave them. They, and we, felt like “somebody". And my 93-year-old mother still lives in the house to this day. Now with the Government encouraging such things again with its right-to-buy scheme, you’d probably expect me to be applauding. In fact I don’t agree with the policy. I don’t like it one single bit. I can now see we weren’t only sold a house back in the 1980s - we were actually sold a lie. The message that went out loud and clear at the time was that social housing stock would be replenished. We were told people who didn’t own could still have a place that they could call home. Instead, new social housing wasn’t built at the rate it should have been. The result was a housing crisis throughout Britain that should now be classed as an embarrassment to successive Governments. I believe that the housing crisis is as bad now as it has ever been. It’s hard enough for my children to get on the ladder and I dread to think about the challenges which lay ahead for my grandchildren if we don’t get some kind of a grip on this issue. This week Boris Johnson faces two key by-elections in Wakefield and Tiverton. But his recently announced right-to-buy policy, which he was hoping would be a vote winner, is an even bigger lie now than it was the last time round. The lame-duck policy comes at a time when we just don’t have enough places for people to live anywhere in the country right now. We have a population crisis, a cost of living crisis and inflation which is on course to reach 11 percent by the end of the year.   Big cities like London, Birmingham, Manchester, even Belfast and Leeds, have city centre apartment blocks lying empty – owned by investors foreign and millionaire developers. Yet too many people across Great Britain simply have nowhere to call home. It’s so important we solve this crisis. Cities need people in order to function, without them how do we staff schools, hotels, hospitals, airports and restaurants. How do we find bus drivers, postal workers, security staff and delivery drivers ? These folk are either priced out of their gentrified areas or they have no security in the rental market. So as we countdown to the two by-elections, Boris Johnson seems intent to try and buy your vote by exacerbating the housing crisis with a poorly thought through policy. It’s not rocket science. We need more homes. We need more affordable homes. And we need homes for the homeless. That’s why, with Covid finally in our slipstream, we need to build, build, build - not sell, sell, sell. The dignity of knowing that your home, rented or otherwise, is yours for life should be a human right. 