Eamonn Holmes received hospital treatment earlier this month amid his ongoing struggle with chronic back pain. Despite his recent health woes, the GB News breakfast host attended The Rolling Stones in Hyde Park London last weekend and revealed in his exclusive Daily Express column what a “joy” the experience was. The GB News host remarked: “I had never seen [The Rolling Stones] perform before but if this was them beyond their heyday then to see them in their prime must have been unbelievable. “Men in their mid-70s to early 80s were giving everyone Satisfaction. “The energy of Mick Jagger, wow, honestly, it has to be seen to be believed. “Bouncing around that stage, if someone told me it was Harry Styles up there I would have believed them.” Read more: Eamonn Holmes nearly sent flying by Tom Cruise at Rolling Stones gig “Never out of breath yet recently recovered from heart surgery and Covid. Amazing,” he continued. Eamonn noted: “We all need something to inspire us, to keep us young, to give us the will to live life and experience joy. “No one summed this up better than the two ladies in front of me at The Stones concert. “Definitely in their mid-70s but definitely reliving their youth as they bopped to hit after hit.” “As I continue to recover from a recent hospital stay, I can assure you Mick Jagger is better than any medicine,” he shared. Last week, Eamonn’s wife Ruth Langsford addressed her husband’s hospital stay on Lorraine. Lorraine Kelly told the Loose Women host she was glad to see the couple out at Royal Ascot. She said: “So lovely to see you and Eamonn out and about.” DON'T MISSEamonn Holmes slams label of 'British' players 'Raducanu's English!'  [INSIGHT]Young think they know it all but have a LOT to learn EAMONN HOLMES [COLUMN]GB News guest shares fraud warning as Brits set to lose £3bn [INTERVIEW] "How's he doing? I know he's had terrible back problems and all of that. "It must be so difficult and somehow he smiles through it all, he manages to do that." "Well, he was there," Ruth replied. "He still had his stick with him because he's got these discs in his back. “But he was out, he was smiling and it was a beautiful day. We had a great day out, so yeah." "Good," Lorraine remarked. "I'm pleased, I'm very, very pleased." Eamonn suffers from chronic back pain after a dislocated pelvis led to three slipped discs. Last month, the GB News host was forced to take a short break from presenting Breakfast with Eamonn & Isabel after receiving hospital treatment.