Lisandro Martinez is understood to be keen on a transfer to the Premier League this summer as Ajax weigh up Arsenal's improved £34million offer for the Argentina international. The Gunners saw an opening bid in the region of £25m rebuffed by the Dutch champions last week before returning to the table with their fresh proposal and there's hope it could be enough to get a deal over the line. Arsenal are seemingly determined to pip United to the 24-year-old having pressed ahead with a move but Ajax are reluctant to sell. According to Goal, Martinez is awaiting Ajax's response to the bid - which also includes additional bonuses - as he is open to a move to England before the start of the 2022/23 season. It's believed Ajax are keen to push for closer to £45m though, in order to agree to a sale. Should that be the case, Arsenal may be forced to explore other defensive options as there are no guarantees Martinez would be first choice in north London. READ MORE: Arsenal prepare new bids for Raphinha and Lisandro Martinez after Gabriel Jesus agreement The idea is for him to provide competition for Gabriel Magalhaes in Arsenal's left centre-back position at the heart of their defence. Furthermore, Mikel Arteta believes he is also capable of providing cover at both left-back and defensive midfield. Reports also suggest both Arsenal and Manchester United chiefs met with intermediaries acting on behalf of Martinez in London last week. Both clubs outlined their interest in the player but it seems Arsenal were not prepared to wait around. DON'T MISSArsenal discussing personal terms with Gabriel Jesus with Man City fee 'verbally agreed'Arsenal 'respond' after receiving William Saliba transfer proposalLeeds 'identify Arsenal target' as Raphinha replacement as Tottenham ready opening bid Martinez has also caught the eye of Barcelona but the Spanish giants have been hampered by financial struggles off the field. Despite failing to qualify for next season's Champions League, Arsenal are prepared to back Arteta with a significant transfer budget. Gabriel Jesus is undergoing a medical today ahead of his £45m switch from Manchester City. Arsenal are also in the hunt for Raphinha of Leeds, who was the subject of an opening offer from the Gunners last Tuesday. They are expected to return to the table with an improved offer, just as they did with Martinez. Several players could also be heading for the exit door in north London including Bernd Leno, Hector Bellerin and Ainsley Maitland-Niles. Technical director Edu has already promised to deliver more signings after already landing Sao Paulo winger Marquinhos and Fabio Vieira from Porto. “Yes, I am quite excited," he said. "I think we still have some good conversations and positive conversations to be fair. I hope we can give to the fans some good news.”