Royal expert Richard Kay claimed the seating arrangement at St Paul's Cathedral for the service of thanksgiving on Friday was the "public reality of Harry's slide down the royal pecking order". Mr Kay said the Duke and Duchess of Sussex "shuffled instead into a second row with the also-rans of the Royal Family" and waited as the "real stars of the show arrived" with Prince Charles, Camilla, William and Kate taking part in a procession to their front-row seats. Writing in the Daily Mail, the royal expert said: "Nothing illustrated how the Sussexes' exile in California has upended their old world than the manner – and timing – of their arrival at St Paul's. "As non-working royals, they are now very much in the second division. "And although spared the indignity of sharing the coach that brought a clutch of minor royals who similarly do not do official duties, such as Princess Michael of Kent's son Lord Frederick Windsor, they were only just behind them." Mr Kay added: "It was a painful 19 minutes before William and Kate arrived to take their seats. "If the reality of his new life had escaped Prince Harry thus far, it must surely have sunk in then." Harry and Meghan, who have travelled from California for the Queen's Jubilee celebrations, were seated in the second row behind Wessex family and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester. Far across the aisle were the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall and the Cambridges. The Sussexes had to squeeze past Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie and their husbands Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi and Jack Brooksbank, who were already seated, to get to their places. READ MORE: GB News panellist slams Meghan-bashing for going too far Working royals filled the front-row chairs, meaning there was no place there for Harry and Meghan in the prime positions. However, the couple did make a solo procession after the rest of the royals and before Charles and William. The event was their first public appearance alongside the Windsors since Megxit saw them quit royal duties two years ago. There was no obvious interaction shown on the television camera between Harry and his brother William, who have long faced a rift, nor with Charles whom he has also had a troubled relationship with, or between Meghan and Kate. Just over a year ago, the Sussexes made a series of bombshell claims about the Royal Family in their Oprah Winfrey interview, including accusing an unnamed royal of racism. Crowds gathered outside both cheered and booed the Queen's grandson and the former Suits actress. In 2012 for the Diamond Jubilee, Harry had taken pride of place in the front row for service in St Paul's marking the Queen's 60th year on the throne. Much has changed since then, with Harry wedding Meghan in a spectacular royal wedding in 2018, followed by their troubled departure in 2020. The mass gathering of nearly 50 royals including Harry and Meghan was invited to a special celebratory reception at the Guildhall after the service. But the Sussexes, who were thought to have returned to their Frogmore Cottage base, chose not to attend. 