Manchester United fans are growing impatient. While Liverpool, Manchester City, Tottenham and Arsenal have already bolstered their squad, the Red Devils are yet to freshen up their own side. But if Avram Glazer’s recent comments are to be taken seriously, fans can still expect reinforcements in this summer’s transfer window. Manchester United had been in the running to sign Darwin Nunez but, ultimately, walked away from a deal. Their current priority is landing Frenkie de Jong, while Goal report they also want Christian Eriksen, Denzel Dumfries, Christopher Nkunku, Jurrien Timber and Antony. But despite the transfer window now being open, United are yet to take action. Staff are already irked at the flak they’ve been receiving, with the club eager to take their time and ensuring the players they bring in are the right fit for Ten Hag’s project. But Glazer, speaking recently, insisted the club would work hard when it comes to signing new players. “It is a disappointing season,” he said. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer “It’s a disappointing season for everyone and we're going to work hard to make next season a better season.” And he added: “We’ve always spent the money necessary to buy new players.” Glazer’s promise about ‘working hard’ suggests United fans can still expect fresh faces to come. But the onus is certainly on the Americans to make sure that happens. United need to strengthen in many areas of their squad, even if Ten Hag sees potential within the current setup. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links And the six targets they have in mind would all be huge additions, providing the Red Devils can bring them in. United need an upgrade on Aaron Wan-Bissaka, who has apparently been deemed surplus to requirements three years on from his £50million move from Crystal Palace. And Dumfries would be a shrewd signing, especially given his impressive he was at the European Championships last summer. Timber is being eyed to freshen up the club’s centre-back options. And any move for the Ajax star would enhance the chances of Phil Jones, Axel Tuanzebe and Eric Bailly all going elsewhere. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz In midfield, both De Jong and Eriksen would provide some much-needed creativity. Especially after the departures of Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba, who have both departed on free transfers. And, up top, Antony and Nkunku would bring energy to United’s frontline as they look to score more goals next term. Speaking at his unveiling last month, meanwhile, Ten Hag stressed he saw ‘huge potential’ in the current United squad. “I’m still in the process of analysing, to set conclusions,” said the 52-year-old. “I’m looking forward to working with these players. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “The season before, this squad was second in the league, so there is huge potential. “I think if we improve, if we work with them, I think we can get out more than what was the result from this season.” And when quizzed on how long it would take to get United firing again, he said: “What we are thinking about is this is a project. “I know it takes time, but I also know that in this club, and I have the experience with other clubs like Ajax and Bayern Munich, at the top there’s never time. “But we want to win, we want every game, so we go from game to game and then we will see.” Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here