The season 12 finale of CBS’ hit series Blue Bloods set the scene with a major storyline for Erin Reagan (played by Bridget Moynahan). After years of being an assistant district attorney, it looks as though there might not be any career progression despite her huge announcement at the family dinner.  Since the long-running drama first aired in 2010, Blue Bloods has followed the professional and personal lives of the Reagan family. With Frank Reagan (Tom Selleck) at the head as NYC police commissioner, his adult children followed in his footsteps with their own careers in law enforcement. His daughter Erin is an assistant district attorney, his son Danny Reagan (Donnie Wahlberg) is a detective, and his youngest son Jamie Reagan (Will Estes) a police officer. Although they all seem to have established careers, the season 12 finale hinted at a promising promotion for Erin. READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint While her family were gathered for their weekly dinner, Erin was able to open up to her loved ones with a major announcement. She told investigator Anthony Abetemarco (Steve Schirripa): “I didn’t just invite you for dinner just because we’re friends.” She revealed: “I invited you also because I wanted you here when I told my family I’m throwing my hat in the ring for DA.” Her family were pleased with the news, including her father who was particularly chuffed.  Throughout the series, Erin had struggled with the decision to rise to the ranks and become a District Attorney. However, she decided to take the plunge after her father, Frank Reagan, came to blows with the current District Attorney, Kimberly Crawford (Roslyn Ruff). In an interview with Deadline, the showrunner Wade revealed why it was finally the right time for the character to run the race. They shared: “We have played her under four or five DA’s, with whom she often clashed over principles as well as over ways and means. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star details moment he decided to quit acting [INSIGHT] Blue Bloods exit: Why did Amy Carlson leave NBC drama as Linda Reagan? [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods season 13 theory: Jamie Reagan to be made Captain [THEORY] “So, for her character the choice seemed to be: if you think you can do the job, then ask for it or otherwise, sit back down.” He added: “Time’s come for her to ask for it by announcing she’s running for the office.” With a focus on the race, viewers will likely see a new side to Erin as she will be focused on what could be a tough campaign. Wade also hinted Erin could encounter some challenges which could threaten her hopes of becoming District Attorney The showrunner explained: “ A Season 13 would have two tracks for Erin. “Doing the job she has, and challenging herself and being challenged about her fitness for the job she wants. And what she’s willing, and not willing, to do in order to get it. “So plenty of horse-trading, soul-searching, and disruption with the powers that be, her partner Anthony, and especially her family.” Thankfully, Blue Bloods was renewed for an upcoming instalment which is expected to be released later this year. Blue Bloods is available on NBC in the US. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 