Dawn Attewell, registered aesthetics nurse, commented on the skincare routine Queen of Spain, 49, may have for "glowing" skin. According to the nurse, Queen Letizia follows a "consistent" but affordable beauty ritual. Dawn Attewell explained: ‘’You can see Queen Letizia is ageing gracefully and is also naturally beautiful. "Over the years, her face has become naturally slimmer with age, which has emphasised her jawline and given her features a sharper appearance. "Personally, I don’t think she has had anything surgically altered or enhanced. She may have had skin tightening treatments. "Queen Letizia’s glowing complexion shows that she understands the damaging impact of UV rays and takes steps to protect her skin from the sun too." READ MORE: Queen Letizia avoids common practice for 'gloriously shiny' hair  Using SPF on a daily basis is a very easy and affordable way to avoid damaged skin and improve its overall look. According to Parrish Healthcare, sunscreen reduces the signs of ageing, limits the appearance of sunspots, avoids broken blood vessels and reduces the risk of skin cancer. Founder of ESPÉRER SKIN CARE, Dina, agreed and explained Queen Letizia's "slimmer face" and "sharper appearance" can be achieved with "facial massages". This is another affordable way women can sculpt their face for healthier and younger skin.  Queen Letizia "appears to be very consistent with her skincare routine, using hydrators that contain antioxidants and are rich in nutrients". Dina explained: "She regularly visits the spa to have facials relaxing her body and mind as well as toning and sculpting her face using facial oils and facial massage techniques." According to Healthline, facial massages, which involve stimulating pressure points on the face, neck and shoulders, "help promote healthy skin while relaxing your facial muscles". They have a "relaxing and rejuvenating effect, helping you look and feel better," the health site states. Facial massages are recommended to be included in the night skincare routine, using lotions or oils and a face roller. But the monarch's flawless skin is also influenced by what she eats and drinks. The beauty expert explained: "She exercises regularly to de-stress, a stress-free body results in radiant skin as toxins are flushed from the body during workouts. "She practises mindfulness and attends yoga classes. Yoga has been found to enlarge blood vessels which increases blood flow to the skin carrying oxygen and nutrients to the skin. "She does not consume unnecessary sugars, and drinks three litres of water a day. "Keeping her body hydrated while flushing out toxins from the body. "She eats anti-inflammatory foods that are rich in vitamins, she swears by the Perricone Diet which encourages inner health and wellness." In terms of beauty products, Dina said the monarch may use "chemical-free anti-ageing products that contain vitamin C and anti-inflammatories daily, giving her that natural luminosity". Queen Letizia "appears to use clay masks giving her that toned and radiant glow," the beauty expert added.