Manchester United have identified Braga centre-back David Carmo as their back-up option if deals for Jurrien Timber or Pau Torres fail to materialise this summer. New boss Erik ten Hag is keen to bolster his defensive options and is believed to view Timber, with whom he worked at Ajax, as his top target, but 22-year-old Carmo could shake up United's transfer hunt over the coming weeks. Ten Hag is seemingly on a mission to spruce up United's defence after a season that saw them ship more goals than relegated Burnley. Harry Maguire faced plenty of criticism for his wayward performances, and there remain concerns over how he will cope with the new boss' style of play. Links to Timber and Torres have made the most noise so far, but neither move is guaranteed. This week, the former hinted that he would be happy to continue at Ajax, and Villarreal may push to receive every penny of the latter's reported £51million release clause. JUST IN: Gareth Bale confirms Real Madrid transfer exit in classy letter but next move still unsure The Manchester Evening News claim that Carmo's name is now in the mix. The 22-year-old stands at a towering 6ft 5in, and United have already had two rounds of discussions with the defender's camp. The youngster recently spent a year sidelined with a serious ankle injury, but has impressed since his comeback, receiving his first senior call-up to the Portuguese national team last week. Physical and left-footed, Carmo has previously attracted interest from Liverpool and almost headed to Anfield on loan during their injury crisis in 2020/21. DON'T MISS: Arsenal 'to complete first summer signing in next 10 days' but selling club regret deal  There may even be scope for United to sign more than one centre-back given that Eric Bailly, Axel Tuanzebe and Phil Jones could all leave this summer. Ten Hag has already been consulted over the prospect of signing Torres, and reportedly recommended that the club make every effort to sign Timber from Ajax. Timber is able to play at centre-back or right-back, which is seen as a bonus due to Aaron Wan-Bissaka's anticipated exit. While on international duty with the Netherlands, he admitted that he 'doesn't feel like he is done at Ajax', adding: "You can go to a big club, but if you're not going to play there it's better to stay. I am now focusing on the upcoming international matches, then I'll go on holiday. Then I'll have to think about it some more."  Midfield is also thought to be an area of focus for Ten Hag, and United have reportedly opened talks with Barcelona over the signing of Frenkie de Jong. The cash-strapped Catalan side have set the bar at £72m, but the Red Devils boss regards him as a priority target and has promised him a crucial role at Old Trafford. On Tuesday, De Jong publicly stated that Barca had told him 'nothing' and that he would prefer to stay at the Camp Nou, which is where he dreamt of playing as a youngster. That does not appear to have deterred United, however, who are keen to press on with the deal. 