Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a cleaning and lifestyle influencer with more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram. In recent years, she has published several books and has even released her own homeware range at Tesco. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. One of the groups, which has 629,000 members, receives hundreds of tips each day. Facebook user Aine Ni Thiarnaigh asked Mrs Hinch fans in the group: “Best way to clean tile grout in a bathroom?” The social media user’s post was inundated with responses from Mrs Hinch fans. However, the most popular suggestion was to use Astonish. READ MORE: How to stop grass turning yellow - 4 tips to keep lawn Lisa Southall said: “Astonish Mould and Mildew spray. “Careful, it's strong bleach. Spray all over, wait a few minutes and rinse with shower.” Jackie Tattersall responded: “Cif or Astonish Mould and Mildew spray.” Sally Jennings commented: “Astonish Mould and Mildew spray with scrubbing brush from B&M.” Nikki Mccann replied: “Astonish bathroom cleaner. Spray on, leave and it will be white again.” DON'T MISS‘Incredibly easy’ vegetables to grow on a balcony or patio [INSIGHT]‘Valuable’ kitchen essential to give gardens a boost without chemicals [UPDATE]Alan Titchmarsh shares how to avoid ‘mildew and black spot’ on roses [ANALYSIS] Carol Wildish Murfitt said: “Astonish spray with a toothbrush.” Astonish Mould & Mildew Blaster costs £1 from B&M. Astonish Mould & Mildew Blaster is available to buy from Ocado for £1.20. Astonish Mould & Mildew Remover can also be found on Amazon for just 99p. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using HG mould spray, Dettol mould and mildew spray, bleach and The Pink Stuff paste. Kirsty Turner said: “HG mould spray from B&Q. “Spray, leave it on for eight hours (with the window open) then scrub and rinse off. “It’s the only thing that works in my experience.” Sandra Allan wrote: “Dettol mould and mildew. Just spray down all the grout and watch the magic happen.” Kathleen Stapleton commented: “I’ve just done mine yesterday with Cif limescale remover. “Just spray on leave a couple of minutes and it just washes off.” Cathy Simpson Benson replied: “I’ve just bought Kilrock after recommendations on here - not tried it yet but I’m hopeful.” Sandra Ness suggested using “bleach and a toothbrush,” while Sharon Jemma claimed using “Lithofin power clean” does the job. Gill Mailey recommended using “The Pink Stuff paste”, and Patricia Phillips suggested cleaning grout using “Cillit Bang mould remover”.