Local Inverness resident Gavin discussed First Minister Nicola Sturgeon's plans for a second independence referendum with Journalist Lewis Goodall. The Scotsman explained in the first referendum he had previously voted for Scotland to become independent. He went on to claim that now he would vote no on the second referendum, stating he did not believe the current Government is capable of improving the challenges the Scottish people were facing. Scottish citizens along with other countries in the West are currently facing a cost of living crisis and dramatic rises in the price of energy and fuel, which are impacting the most vulnerable in society. Gavin from Inverness went on to discuss why he believed Scotland had been dismantled since 2014, due to poor policy.   Local resident Gavin told BBC Newsnight: "I voted yes then." Mr Goodall said: "And now you would vote no?" Local resident Gavin added: "And now I would vote no." Mr Goodall said: "What has made you change your mind?" JUST IN: Horror scenes as man lays severed head outside court - 'He sat there a few metres away'     Local Resident Gavin said: "Well we've just got to look at what has happened since 2014 and the way the country is being dismantled. "I mean everything is pretty poor same with every policy, it's pretty poor. "And I just don't believe that they are capable of improving what's happening." First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has unveiled her new plan for another Scottish independence vote, and it has been causing a divide in the country. READ MORE:'Maybe a future deal with Putin!' SNP savaged as Sturgeon energy plans ripped apar    Some Scottish citizens are claiming Ms Sturgeon is going to ruin Scottland with her second bid for independence. Many MPs have been discussing the problems Scotland is currently facing with the cost of living crisis and increases in energy bills. Some say the focus should be on those issues and not focused on severing ties with the UK. Ms Sturgeon said: “Westminster is taking a wrecking ball to the idea of the United Kingdom as a voluntary partnership of nations.