Inmarsat's UK “space-based augmentation system” (UKSBAS) will be able to pinpoint locations for aircraft, ships, as well as driverless cars more, providing more accurate positioning data than public GPS services such as those used by smartphones. The system works by adding an additional signal to GPS, a US government-run service.  The extra signal makes it less vulnerable to interference, enabling stunning accuracy brought down to a few centimetres rather than several metres. This comes after the Government had been scrambling to find an alternative to the EU's Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS), known as Galileo, following its departure from the programme when it left the bloc. While the Government did buy a stake in OneWeb in July 2020, investing £364million ($500million) to acquire the company from bankruptcy, this system was designed first-and-foremost as a broadband constellation first and foremost, providing rural 4G, and one day 5G internet signals across the nation. Although it was tipped that this could one day become an alternative to Galileo, the fact that carried out a different function meant that Britain was left without a proper rival to the EU's system. But now, the UKSBAS will be able to play that role as it carries out more similar functions to Galileo. Do you think the UK's new system can rival the EU's? Let us know in the comments below or by clicking here. Todd McDonell, who runs Inmarsat’s Government business outside the US, said that the UKSBAS' signal is set to be monitored before getting tested on planes. Further uses of the technology are set to come into effect by 2024. Mr McDonell said: “The drive for this is going to increase as the world becomes more awakened to the benefits of national accuracy and reliability. “As we move to more autonomous aircraft, ships, land vehicles and so on, the reliability and positional accuracy of navigation systems will go up substantially.” READ MORE: US sends Putin warning with ‘historic’ hypersonic missile test Inmarsat is now working with the Goonhilly Earth Station in Cornwall and software company GMVNSL on the system, funded by the UK Space Agency. The acquisition of this system may also have come at a crucial time, as concerns about the reliance on GPS have soared amid the war in Ukraine. The Kremlin has more than once used jamming technology to interfere with satellites that were providing data to the Ukrainian army. Back in April, a space expert warned the Government that the lack of an alternative to Galileo was threatening to put critical infrastructure at risk. Andy Proctor, a former satellite position, navigation and time-dependant (PNT) Strategy Technical Lead in Cabinet Office, is now director of consultancy firm Rethink PNT. DON'T MISS Energy crisis horror as homeowner quoted £16k to install heat pump [INSIGHT] Energy crisis: Sunak eyes windfall tax U-turn as firms to dodge levy [REPORT] Ukraine sent ‘Robot 17’ weapon to obliterate Russian ships [REVEAL] Submitting evidence to ministers, he warned: “Our critical infrastructure is at risk from the loss of PNT, space-based or otherwise. “We are currently critically dependent upon GPS, the loss of which will have a major impact on capability and economically." He continued: “For 20 or so years there have been calls for action, yet the current status of inaction regarding the PNT strategy puts our systems at increasing risk, especially given the clear and present electronic warfare systems being used in Europe today." But the boosted accuracy that the UKSBAS provides could put those fears to rest. The service is expected to be of particular importance for aircraft during take-off and landing, and for ships that have to navigate through narrow channels. 