Serena Williams has detailed her injury at Wimbledon in 2021 as the main reason for her motivation to win the tournament this year. The American star tore her hamstring in her first-round tie against Belarus' Aliaksandra Sasnovich last year. Williams is set to make her first appearance at a Grand Slam since the incident which saw her record her worst-ever result in SW19 since her debut in 1998. The American star has yet to play a singles match ever since a tearful goodbye to Centre Court in last year's tournament, meaning fans do not expect her to venture far into the latter stages. But with a game against France's Harmony Tan coming up on Tuesday, the 40-year-old has failed to back down and wants to impress once more at the prestigious event. “Yeah, it was a lot of motivation, to be honest,” Williams admitted. “It was always something since the match ended that was always on my mind. So it was a tremendous amount of motivation for that. You never want any match to end like that. It's really unfortunate. But it was definitely something that's always been on the top of my mind.” Many thought Williams had retired from tennis altogether given her reduced profile over the course of the last year. But with her intention to play at Wimbledon being broadcast just weeks ago, the Michigan-born star claimed that was never the case. "I didn't retire. I just needed to heal physically, mentally," she said at the All England Club on Saturday. I had no plans, to be honest. I just didn't know when I would come back. I didn't know how I would come back. "Obviously Wimbledon is such a great place to be, and it just kind of worked out." Centre Court beckons for Williams against the French star Tan, with Williams currently ranking 1,204th in the world heading into the tournament. Having won Wimbledon seven times, the right-handed star will look to make it eight and go level on 24 Grand Slams with Margaret Court, who holds the record. Elsewhere, Polish star Iga Swiatek is the favourite to win in London at the age of just 21. The world No. 1 only made the fourth round last time out.