Civil unrest at Warrington took new form on Friday after two players entered the stands to challenge at least one disgruntled fan. The unsavoury scenes unfolded after the Wire surrendered 40-4 at home to Leeds Rhinos, their fourth straight Super League defeat. The Wolves were booed off the field after conceding eight tries in their biggest loss of the season so far. Warrington now sit 10th in the league table and are currently outside the play-off picture. At least one supporter at Halliwell Jones Stadium is understood to have come down from a corportate box to air his frustrations directly at the players. The fan in question is believed to have started arguing with his fellow Warrington supporters pitchside. It was then that England-capped Ben Currie and Mike Cooper hopped the advertising hoardings and got into a heated exchange with the fan. Wolves coach Daryl Powell understood supporters frustrations because 'everybody wants to see a winning team.' READ MORE Bath Rugby Club measures players' exposure to air pollution using special Dyson backpack  "They [the fans] have the right to vent their frustration, but I don't think they have a right to get physical with anybody, players' families or what," Powell told reporters after the game. "I don't know whether that happened but if it did then it shouldn't. "We can't have that, it's just not on. Players are putting their bodies on the line and they don't get everything right. It's a tough sport out there." DON'T MISS Tom Smith dead: Former Scotland and British and Irish Lions prop dies aged 50 Wales Rugby Union becomes first female sports team sponsored by period underwear brand Gareth Thomas on 'petrifying' ordeal after HIV diagnosis: ‘Thought I’d live a lonely life’  "Wow," wrote Express Sport's Dave Craven in reaction to the sad scenes at Halliwell Jones Stadium. "Ben Currie just jumped into the crowd to make sure an irate Wolves fan was sent back up to his corporate box as Wolves fans start arguing between themselves. Mike Cooper also marching up the steps to help out." Rohan Smith has drastically improved Leeds' fortunes just a few weeks after arriving at their helm. Warrington are hoping for a similar intervention of their own as tensions between the players and some in the stands begin to tell.