The new portrait of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge has produced a very mixed reaction. Some critics have praised the painting claiming that it captures the essence of the couple.  Others have been more critical arguing that it isn't an accurate representation of the Cambridges. Writing in The Daily Mail art critic AN Wilson tore the painting to shreds blasting it as “petulant” and “as dead as a dodo”. He said: “Kate looks like a 'strangely boring doll' as the portrait doesn't show her 'inner magic'. “The real Duchess of Cambridge cheers everyone up with her radiant smile.  “However the figure in this painting is wistful, slightly petulant and actually unrecognisable as Our Kate.” Writing in The Times Rachel Campbell-Johnston slammed the picture for making the couple look like “mannequins”. She said: “Here is a swagger portrait for the modern day monarchy. “They can't look too flashy. They mustn't dress too flamboyantly. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry offered 'big pay deal' for Jubilee interview  “Nor, like the swashbuckling princelings in Van Dyck's portraits of royal predecessors, can they survey their viewers with a sneer of arrogant privilege. “Instead they must stand obediently, in dark suit and lurid satin, stiff as the columns which, picked out from a featureless background, serve both a stylistic (they attenuate the figures) and symbolic (they are pillars of society) purpose. “The couple pose like mannequins made to advertise a modern monarchy.“But if you want to see them in replica you would probably do better to go to Madame Tussauds.” The Telegraph's art critic Alistair Sooke was slightly more positive describing the “flashes of charm” in the portrait. DON'T MISS: Harry and Meghan raise serious eyebrows after Jubilee money offer [REVEAL] Sussex Squad warned Kate will 'continue to rise' after portrait [INSIGHT] Kate Middleton & Crown Princess Mary wow in same dress one year apart [SPOTLIGHT]  He said: “Who has caught their eye? “Someone - perhaps their four-year-old, Prince Louis, who fidgeted so memorably during the Platinum Jubilee - is making the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge smile “With this charming device, the British artist Jamie Coreth introduces a vital note of informality into a picture that could otherwise have been so stiff. “Prince William twinkles benevolently; Catherine appears almost quizzical.” 