As BBC viewers prepared to watch someone's sewing dreams torn at the seams, the judges decided at the end nobody would go home and all four remaining women would be in the final of The Great British Sewing Bee. Although this delighted the contestants, many fans felt the decision was "suspicious" and fumed that the show had "changed the rules" when it suited. After a tough week for the contestants, all four were worried they might be the next person to leave, but Brogan and Man Yee in particular seemed at risk. Annie, Brogan, Debra and Man Yee were tasked with creating some Japanese-inspired outfits for the semi-final week. Judge Esme Young described the pattern challenge, which was to come up with a kimono-styled dress. The judges found some errors with Brogan's design, but Patrick Grant stated it wasn't "a bad attempt". READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jacob Gallagher's linked to Nicola King's attacker Debra was told she needed more of a contrast, while Man Yee's dress received a lot of praise from judges Esme and Patrick Grant. Annie's was called "beautifully sewn" by Patrick, who commented: "The shape of your sleeves is beautiful." He went on: "I can't commend it highly enough." Annie went on to win the challenge, while Debbie came last. The next task was to repair and "beautify" old denim worn items using a Japanese technique called sachiko. Debra and Brogan were both in a precarious position by the end, but Patrick commented Brogan is "the most competent sewer". The made-to-measure challenge saw the sewers coming up with origami-inspired creations. After a difficult last round, it was time for the judges to announce who would be leaving. Annie won garment of the week with her pink origami dress, but this meant bad news was to follow. DON'T MISS... Rowan Atkinson savages iconic Mr Bean role 'Nasty piece of work' [LATEST]Carol Vorderman speaks out on 'no holds barred' return to Channel 4 [VIDEO]Antiques Road Trip expert gobsmacked over huge auction loss 'No!' [VIDEO] Presenter Sara Pascoe remarked: "I hate this bit. The judges have said it's never, ever been this difficult before. "It's such a tough, tough decision, but the person going home is... No one!" As the women gasped, Sara tearfully announced: "You're all in the final!" Patrick explained to viewers that they were unable to choose between Brogan and Man Yee, so made a surprise decision not to pick anyone to leave. But not everyone was pleased with the shock announcement. Twitter user @EilidhNash commented: "What the actual @sewingbee that decision has been obvious to viewers for weeks and when it was the only one available you change the rules!!! #SewingBee." @leleloves72 penned: "I smell nepotism with Brogen because how did she stay? #SewingBee." JaneRoberts added: "Really... #SewingBee .. surely the none origami dress should have left.. Brogan bias…" @simonmunday65 fumed: "Very suspicious, why didn't Brogan go? Clearly the worst of the week. "Never trusted the BBC since they fiddled the result of naming the Blue Peter cat. #SewingBee." However, other fans of the show were happy to see all four women make it to the final. @qlcie shared: "omg so relieved they all made it to the final, would have been sad to see someone go home #SewingBee." "#sewingbee good decision," @SusieVereker added. (sic) The Great British Sewing Bee continues on Wednesday at 9pm on BBC One.