Express.co.uk has learnt that, in the next stage of a deal for postmasters and postmistresses caught up in the shocking Post Office Horizon scandal, they are to be told they will receive damages. Thousands of subpostmasters and mistresses were investigated and wrongly accused of fraud after money disappeared as a result of a computer glitch with the Horizon software between 2000 and 2014. But while many of the victims have received compensation, the original 555 to take legal action were until now left out in the cold. Sources have told Express.co.uk that Post Office minister Paul Scully has negotiated a deal for compensation for the 555 former postmasters who brought the original civil claim against the Post Office. While the final details have not been agreed yet, the different parties have said that those who had been left out of an earlier package will be compensated. A source close to the minister, who has made resolving the issue a personal mission, said: “It was completely unfair that the 555 original complainants were left out but they are a step further to receiving the justice they deserve.” The Court of Appeal heard subpostmasters describe how their lives were "irreparably ruined" as they lost their jobs, homes and marriages after they were prosecuted by the Post Office - which knew the Fujitsu-developed IT system had "faults and bugs from the earliest days of its operation". Lawyers representing 42 former subpostmasters told the hearing evidence of serious defects in the Horizon system was "concealed from the courts, prosecutors and defence", in order to protect the Post Office "at all costs". Then, in 2019, the Post Office agreed to pay damages to those who were caught up in the scandal with an initial payment of £100,000 each. It accepted it had previously "got things wrong in [its] dealings with a number of postmasters” and agreed to pay £58 million in damages. But the claimants received a share of just £12 million, after legal fees were paid. However, because of a time lag the 555 former postmasters who brought the original case were left out and received nothing. The Government is imminently expected to announce that this injustice will be put right. READ MORE: Liz Truss vows crackdown on 'woke' government culture The scandal centred around the Horizon software introduced in 1999 by the Post Office to manage accounts. When money began to disappear thousands of postmasters were accused of stealing it with many even going to prison. Three years ago, 72 convictions were overturned including 39 in a single hearing by a judge. But hundreds of them had lost their livelihoods and suffered trauma. It emerged though that the software was at fault and one of the biggest injustices in British legal history had occurred. After being taken to court by 555 claimants the Post Office paid out compensation in 2019. DON'T MISSSturgeon's blueprint to break up Britain reveals biggest DANGER [INSIGHT]Fuel duty tax cut wanted for millions by Boris - but Rishi won't budge [REVEAL]POLL: Should Sturgeon be allowed IndyRef2 so Scotland can move on? [REACT]