The Lincoln Lawyer has been riding high in the Netflix top 10 since its release on May 13. The show is based on the Michael Connelly novels following the title character. Season one takes its cue from the second novel The Brass Verdict with Manuel Garcia-Rulfo leading the cast as attorney Mickey Haller, who finds his back against the wall. Speaking to Netflix about the decision to start with the second book, author Connelly said: “Well, one reason is that I have a very loyal fan base and so we felt that many of the viewers who would come to the show would have seen the earlier movie. “We wanted to give them something new. In the second book, The Brass Verdict, we find Mickey at a low point and the book is really about him getting his mojo back. [Producer] David E. Kelley believed that was a story people could connect with. “It’s been a tough couple of years in Los Angeles and in the world. In a way, we are all trying to get our mojo back and the story we tell in our first season connects with that in a good way.” The drama sees Haller taking on cases across Los Angeles while working out the back of his Lincoln car. The show features an all-star cast including Scream’s Neve Campbell, Becki Newton, Angus Sampson, Jazz Raycole, and Christopher Gorham. READ MORE: The Lincoln Lawyer cast: Who is in the Netflix series? Actress Newton portrays ones of Haller’s worker, helping go through the documents on his cases. Newton is married to fellow actor Chris Diamantopoulos with the pair said to have met at a New York subway station, according to the Daily Mail. The couple wed in 2005 and have three children together with Newton recently giving birth in 2020. However, the pair are private and keep their children away from the spotlight but have spoken about them in interviews previously, revealing they have taken them to film sets and theatres. Newton revealed on Live Kelly and Ryan in 2018: “At the time they were three and six. So a little young and my husband was doing a show Waitress. I just felt like their first show should be the one dad’s in. “So we went and everything was going totally fine. They were enjoying the singing and seeing dad on stage. “And in the second act there’s a really serious moment, you could hear a pin drop in the audience, and my three-year-old looked up and raised her hand and said, ‘Hi daddy, it’s me Daphne’.” Greek-Canadian actor Diamantopoulos is best known for his roles in Silicon Valley, The Three Stooges, and movie Red Notice. He also starred in True Story and Made for Love, as well as being a successful voice actor and counts credits in American Dad!, Diary of a Wimpy Kid, and The Wonderful World of Mickey Mouse. According to IMDb, he will next be featured in High Heat, Discussion Materials, The Boys in the Boat, and Pantheon, with the latter two currently filming. Diamantopoulos is also slated to be starring in an as-yet-untitled Three Stooges sequel, reprising his role as Moe. Meanwhile, American actress Newton is no stranger to screens and is perhaps best known for her roles as Quinn Garvey in How I Met Your Mother and Amanda Tanen in ABC's Ugly Betty. Lincoln Lawyer reunites Gorham and Newton, who previously worked together on Ugly Betty with the pair even making a skit while working on their new show. DON'T MISS...Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen lands new project [UPDATE]Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser [INSIGHT]Emmerdale theory: Charity Dingle devastated as Noah killed off-screen [ANALYSIS] Speaking about playing Lorna on The Lincoln Lawyer, Newton said: “I think we will find out in future episodes or storylines that she has learned to rely on herself and her grit and her intelligence because in the past she was underestimated, or when she did rely on certain people in an authority position, she perhaps wasn’t treated with the greatest amount of respect. “So I think the one thing Lorna and I have in common is this ability to draw from your own strength and your own power, and trust that even when you’re a fish out of water.” Newton continued to So Many Shows: “Lorna doesn’t look like someone you’d see in a courtroom or a legal office of any kind. I think that’s what makes it so delightful, like what is she doing here? “She doesn’t really care about office-appropriate, she’s going to wear her pantsuit and it doesn’t take away from what she has to offer.” The star added: “I think that’s really what drew me to this character. It’s like she’s not afraid, she’s not self-conscious. She doesn’t have to apologise for anything.” Lincoln Lawyer is streaming on Netflix now