Strictly Come Dancing professional Karen Hauer has tied the knot in secret with her boyfriend Jordan Wyn Jones. The 40-year-old described their nuptials as a “fairytale day”, with her fellow Strictly dancers in tow. Janette Manara and Luba Mushtuck landed an invite to the special day as Karen married fitness buff Jordan, one year since they went public with their romance. The star-studded event took place at Chewton Glen in Hampshire. "It feels like a fairytale day. It felt so special to bring our families and friends together,” Karen told HELLO! "I haven't seen my family for the last two years so it’s really touching to bring them here and be able to share this amazing moment with them." READ MORE: Kirstie Allsopp blasts commentator for 'clearly loathing' Royal Family Karen gave her fans a glimpse into her wedding preparations on Monday evening, enjoying a foot soak as she no doubt got herself ready for a night of dancing. The happy couple made their debut on Instagram back in August 2021, and have since been spotted out and about together, hand in hand, several times. Karen’s social media also features several loved up snaps with her beau, including one recent stunning photo which shows the couple looking into each other’s eyes and beaming. She simply captioned the post: “Him,” alongside a love heart emoji. In another tender snap, Karen and Jordan can be seen in matching white dressing gowns, petting one of their dogs and looking overjoyed. “Happy place,” Karen wrote alongside it. This was Karen’s third time tying the knot, as she was previously married to her former dance partner Matthew Hauer until 2009, and then to fellow Strictly star Kevin Clifton from 2015-2018. Kevin opened up about their split one year later, blaming it partly on the amount of alcohol he consumed at the time. DON'T MISS...Dean Martin made a multimillion fortune over his decades-long career [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan reacts as ‘Aunty Meghan’ tweet sparks 'woke fan' fury [TWITTER] Tom Jones' unusual funeral song choice unveiled on his 82nd birthday [UPDATE]  "I was going out and drinking all the time. I talked to some of the people on Strictly about it,” he told the Daily Mail. “I was constantly stressed out, constantly emotional, constantly sad. It got to a point, and then me and Karen ended up breaking up. “It escalated even more after that. I started drinking more and I was more sad.” Kevin has since found lasting love with Strictly winner Stacey Dooley, while Karen went on to date opera singer David Webb for two years until their split in September 2020. Venezuela-born Karen rose to prominence in the American dance show So You Think You Can Dance. She is the longest-serving female professional dancer on Strictly, most recently paired with Greg Wise for the 2021 series. Karen is currently performing in the Strictly Professionals live tour all over the country, a busy schedule she has called “gruelling”.