Kate Middleton and Prince William privately own Anmer Hall in Norfolk and use Kensington Palace as their home during term time so their children can attend school in London. However, it is understood that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will be moving to Adelaide Cottage on the Windsor estate this summer. Royal experts Roberta Fiorito and Rachel Bowie, who run the podcast Royally Obsessed, spoke about the royal move on their latest podcast.  The hosts said: “They're supposedly moving into Adelaide cottage which is such a downsize. “It's really low-key - just four bedrooms supposedly. “It's supposed to be almost like a little schoolhouse, so it's really unprecedented that they're making this choice.” The home was previously occupied by Peter Townsend, the lover of Princess Margaret during the 1950s whom she was unable to marry due to his divorced status. Adelaide Cottage is a grace and favour property that the Queen can bestow on whomever she wants. The hosts added: “I love the past history of the house, with the Princess Margaret tie in there.” Why has this move by William and Kate caused some controversy? The experts explained: “There is a lot of uproar because Robert Jobson was saying that the Cambridges had £12million worth of renovations done to Kensington Palace 1A to make it family-oriented and livable for them and their kids.  "The promise was that they'd be there for the long haul.” However, Kate and William will keep Kensington Palace as a home, despite it being no longer their primary residence. The hosts commented: “It's right next to Frogmore Cottage, so if Meghan and Harry are there there’s going to be some tension!” Reportedly, this move by the Cambridges is “expected to significantly change the dynamic at Windsor where the Duke of York has the most contact with the Queen,” according to The Telegraph. Prince Andrew currently lives at Royal Lodge on the Windsor estate, whilst the Queen is at the main castle. Kate and William are also expected to be sending their children to school in Windsor, with Lambrook School often being named as a strong contender. It is also reported that the Cambridges will move into Windsor Castle once Prince Charles becomes King. Therefore the move to Adelaide Cottage would make sense now so the children would not have to abruptly change school when that constitutional change happens.