On Wednesday, Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge visited London's Waterloo station to attend the unveiling of a national monument to celebrate the dreams and courage of the Windrush generation. At the unveiling, the Duke gave a speech in which he paid a heartfelt tribute to the Caribbean community. In the speech, the Duke said: "In St Thomas' hospital, we can reflect on the Windrush generation's huge contribution to the NHS. "[The NHS is a] service founded only two weeks after the Empire Wishrush docked in 1948." The 40-year-old added: "Since then, over forty thousand Windrush and Commonwealth nurses and midwives have cared for those in need. "Indeed every part of British life is better for the half a million men and women of the Windrush generation". READ MORE: Prince William 'furious' after Kate 'ridiculed' on frontline of Firm The Cambridges' appearance comes a day after the Duke celebrated his 40th birthday. The statue - which is of a man, woman, and child in their Sunday best standing on top of suitcases - was unveiled at Waterloo Station on Wednesday to mark Windrush Day. The statue was designed by the Jamaican artist and sculptor Basil Watson. Mr Watson said it had been an honour to create the monument. READ MORE: William sparks fury after 'leaking gossip' about 'family fractures' with Harry and Meghan Although not physically in attendance, the Queen paid tribute to the "profound contribution" of the Windrush "pioneers". She described the new national monument as a "fitting thank you" and she said that she hopes the statue will inspire present and future generations. In his speech, William made reference to his and his wife's Caribbean tour, which was met with protests. He said that they had "learnt so much". He added that 'discrimination remains an all too familiar experience for black men and women in Britain in 2022". DON'T MISS In March, the Duke and Duchess completed an 8-day royal tour around the Caribbean. The couple visited three of the Commonwealth realms - Belize, Jamaica, and the Bahamas. Their tour was met with protests, demanding an apology and reparations for Britain’s slaving past. READ NEXT: