Manchester United will reportedly bid for Ruben Neves now that Wolves are on the verge of signing Joao Palhinha. Erik ten Hag knows the club need reinforcements in the middle of the park in order to challenge for the Premier League title. And it appears the Red Devils are upping the ante when it comes to bringing in fresh faces. Manchester United have already confirmed the departures of Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic. And that’s left Ten Hag with just Donny van de Beek, Scott McTominay, Fred, Bruno Fernandes and James Garner as options for the middle of the park. Now, with Wolves closing in on Palhinha, 90min journalist Rob Blanchette has claimed United will bid for Neves. Taking to Twitter, he said: “#MUFC will take advantage of Joao Palhinha's expected arrival at Wolves to trigger their offer for Ruben Neves. “United have scouted Palhinha but won't compete for the player's signature if Wolves agree a price for their Portuguese midfielder.” Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer Neves has been strongly linked with a move to Barcelona. However, they lack the financial muscle to strike a deal at the current moment in time. Barcelona are instead looking at free agents, while they’re also eager to sign Robert Lewandowski from Bayern Munich. United, however, can boost their rivals’ transfer kitty if they’re able to seal a deal for Frenkie de Jong. De Jong previously played under Ten Hag at Ajax, helping the Dutch side reach the semi-finals of the Champions League three years ago. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possibleMan Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten HagPau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links And United are keen on him, as well as Neves. With Pogba and Matic both gone, it’s feasible the Red Devils will pursue both Neves and De Jong as they seek an improved campaign. Yet that will require big money - and whether the Glazers are willing to strike deals for the pair remains to be seen. United were eyeing Neves 12 months ago, when he was expected to leave Wolves behind. But he ended up staying at Molineux, with the Portugal international then taking his game to a new level under Bruno Lage. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz United have had a good record with Portuguese players in the past. Cristiano Ronaldo won the lot during his first spell at Old Trafford after arriving from Sporting Lisbon in 2003. Nani was another hit, with the winger also touching down from Sporting four years later. And United have also seen Bruno Fernandes shine after he arrived from the same team in the January transfer window of 2020. Regarding Neves, former Sunderland and England star Kevin Phillips said earlier this year that the Wolves midfielder would be a good signing for United. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “He’s a quality player,” Phillips told Football Insider. “He’s one of those players that always wants to get on the ball. For me, I think he’s an upgrade on McTominay and Fred. “He’s got better distribution, he’s better on the ball – he’s absolute quality. He can score goals as well. “I remember sitting on the bench at Molineux when Derby played Wolves, he scored that volley – incredible. “He has developed into a top-class Premier League player. From a Wolves point of view, it’ll be gutting. He will have no problems getting into that Man United midfield – he’s fantastic.”