Professor Michael Clarke, a King's College London war studies fellow, claimed there is "no convincing evidence" that Putin is seriously ill, saying the Russian President looks "alright" in media clips. He claimed that Putin is "only a hypochondriac", meaning his doctors are "never far away". But, speaking to Sky News, the analyst also said that Putin has been "known to hit the Botox quite heavily". Botox injections relax the muscles in your face to smooth out lines and wrinkles, such as crow's feet and frown lines. This is not the first time rumours of Putin's Botox usage have emerged. Ten years ago, the Guardian published a report suggesting the Kremlin leader was a regular user of the cosmetic procedure. The rumours first emerged after Putin showed up to a meeting in Kyiv with a large bruise around his eye. His spokesperson denied Botox usage, saying: "It’s probably just how the light fell. The prime minister is tired." But Russia's New Times magazine spoke to four plastic surgeons, who claimed the Russian president had most likely had undergone Botox injections and other cosmetic procedures. Prof Clarke's comments come amid swirling rumours about Putin's health, with many suggesting the 69-year-old is unwell. Last week, it was claimed the Russian leader was given "urgent medical assistance" for an unknown illness. The General SVR Telegram channel, reportedly run by a Kremlin insider, claimed Putin was struck down by a "sharp sickness, weakness and dizziness".  The Russian President is said to have been advised against making "lengthy" public appearances. His symptoms reportedly developed after he stood up from his desk following a 90-minute virtual meeting. Last month, an oligarch with close ties to the Kremlin was recorded claiming that Putin is "very ill with blood cancer". In the recording obtained by US magazine New Lines, said to be from mid-March, the unnamed oligarch discussed Putin’s health. DON'T MISS: Putin's 'mistress' spotted TWICE in one week as health fears grow [REVEAL] Putin 'celebrating' as Boris battles mutiny at home [ANALYSIS] World War 3 alert: China to exploit EU weakness and launch invasion [REPORT] He was also heard saying "we all hope" Putin dies, adding: "He absolutely ruined Russia’s economy, Ukraine’s economy and many other economies — ruined [them] absolutely. "The problem is with his head. "One crazy guy can turn the world upside down." There have also been a number of comments about Putin's "bloated" face. After he appeared at a virtual security council meeting in May, many people pointed out his "strange look".  One comment on his video appearance read: "His face and head look so bloated, especially his cheeks and around the back of his head. "He looks photoshopped onto his body. "It’s clearly him, but what a strange look." Another said: "Either his clothing is too tight around the neck, or he sits in an unfortunate position. "But the layer of skin and fat over his neck looks really uncomfortable."