Robert Lewandowski could enact a peculiar contract loophole that could see him leave Bayern Munich. Doing so would force the German giants into making a move in the transfer window with Chelsea and Liverpool players linked. Wantaway striker Lewandowski could enact the Webster ruling in his contract to force a move away from Bayern Munich. The striker is desperate to leave the Bundesliga this year and join Barcelona. Bayern have tried to keep hold of their talisman against his wishes but they might not even have that power as a result of the Webster ruling. It is a little-used law that allows any player over the age of 28 to terminate their long-term contract. Article 17 of FIFA's Regulations rules that a player who signed a contract before the age of 28 can buy himself out of the contract three years after the deal was signed. With one year left on Lewandowski's terms, he could apply this law to himself and force a transfer away. The German giants have been desperate to keep hold of the striker for another year when his contract will expire amid strong interest from the Nou Camp. The Catalan club have made the Poland international their top target going into the summer. Lewandowski has even gone public in his bid to call time on his Bavarian career. He said: “My story with Bayern has come to an end, I cannot imagine further good cooperation,” he said. “I hope they will not stop me (from leaving) just because they can. A transfer is the best solution for everyone.” It would be a real blow to Bayern Munich, who have already identified a replacement should the Poland international get his wish. Romelu Lukaku and Sadio Mane are the frontrunners to fill the former Borussia Dortmund star's boots. Chelsea are looking at ways to cut ties with Lukaku after just one year despite joining for a club-record transfer. And Liverpool might have to let Mane go as he enters the final year of his contract. Neither will be cheap, though, and splashing huge transfer fees is uncommon from Bayern Munich - though they might have no choice with just Eric Choupo-Moting as their only other striker option. It could spark a transfer merry-go-round in the Premier League with big changes coming to the top clubs.