Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp is seemingly happy to bide his time in his bid to snare Jude Bellingham - despite Jamie Carragher's concerns over the Reds midfield. Liverpool have been linked with a move for FC Porto midfielder Otavio in recent days, but Bellingham is the club's preferred midfield target. After Real Madrid won the race to sign Aurelien Tchouameni earlier this summer, Bellingham has emerged as Klopp's top target - even if the midfielder is not believed to be attainable until next summer at the earliest. After bringing in Darwin Nunez, Fabio Carvalho and Calvin Ramsay, Klopp is happy with his current squad. But former Liverpool man Carragher has already spoken out about his concerns over the Reds midfield earlier this year and believes that Liverpool could do with a fresh face. Speaking back in January after Liverpool's 2-2 draw with Chelsea, Carragher told Sky Sports: “It does feel at times this season where Liverpool are really on the edge of it being too much. Now, whether that’s because the midfield this season are not getting enough pressure on the ball because I think midfield has been a problem for Liverpool this season. “The line is still the same but they’re not getting that pressure in midfield on the ball. But if you’re not getting that pressure you’ve got to drop at times. It’s not, ‘we can’t play high,’ but there are certain situations where Liverpool’s back four have to go back five yards. It happened at West Ham and cost them the game there. READ MORE: Chelsea chief Petr Cech the latest to quit club after 'Lukaku dispute' “That [Pulisic] goal there. What we see now because teams are so high trying to keep that line, Liverpool’s centre-backs always stay in line with each other. You never see them come around the back and cover the other one. The reason Virgil van Dijk can’t get across is because initially he is walking. “He’s not on his toes, he is walking and then the gap between him and Konate is just too big and he’s never going to get there.” Despite Carragher's concerns, a new report from The Athletic has revealed that Klopp is 'happy with what he’s got' and that the club are prepared to bide their time to acquire the right midfield target rather than settling for a 'stop-gap signing' this summer. DON'T MISS: Chelsea eyeing Man Utd transfer hijack as Blues ‘hold Antony meeting'What Frenkie de Jong has told his agent about Man Utd moveCristiano Ronaldo 'not going anywhere' as Bayern respond to links Liverpool rarely get it wrong in the transfer market and their meticulous approach has paid dividends in the past. With Jordan Henderson tied down to a new deal, Naby Keita showing signs of improvement and Thiago Alcantara finally finding his feet in the Premier League, the Reds are well stocked in that department for now and have a sprinkling of talented youngsters who can serve as options to supplement that experienced trio. Much like Liverpool have brought in Nunez and Ibrahima Konate over the past 12 months, Klopp and the club hierarchy will have their designs on acquiring somebody who can spearhead the Reds midfield for the long-term; of the names mentioned so far this summer, Bellingham is by far the most enticing option. Liverpool have more than enough strength in depth to wait for the right transfer target to become available - and doing so shouldn't necessarily be detrimental to their immediate title hopes.