The Countess of Wessex is visiting the Rock along with her husband, Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee with the people of Gibraltar. Prince Edward and Sophie Wessex arrived yesterday in Gibraltar, although with a disruption in their flight since the plane had to make an emergency landing. As the couple took off from the UK to get to Gibraltar, the plane carrying them was forced to make an unscheduled landing due to what was described as a "technical issue." A spokesperson for British Airways said its plane "landed normally" back at Heathrow following a decision by pilots to return after taking off as a precaution. A Buckingham Palace spokesman said: "The Earl and Countess of Wessex's arrival in Gibraltar has been delayed slightly, after their flight was diverted safely back to the UK due to a technical issue." Edward and Sophie were met at Gibraltar International Airport by Governor Sir David Steel and Chief Minister Fabian Picardo. They then received a military welcome at Gibraltar's RAF base, with the Earl inspecting the Guard of Honour formed of the Royal Gibraltar Regiment. His Royal Highness presented the Regiment with their new Colours at Windsor Castle in March, during their time on Guard Duty in London and Windsor. The couple also visited the facilities of the Nautilus Project, an envionmental initiative protecting Gibraltar’s varied marine life. The trip is also set to feature a special Queen's Birthday Parade near the 19th century British-built barracks in Casemates Square on Thursday. The Queen sent a message of gratitude to Gibraltar as the couple arrived at the Rock. Her Majesty said in a message disclosed by Windsor Castle: "Over the years I have watched Gibraltar prosper as a multi-cultural and multi-faith community, proud of its rich history while dynamic and forward-looking." As she wished it "future happiness and prosperity", the monarch said she was "pleased to reaffirm the close ties" between "the Crown and the people of Gibraltar". It comes amid diplomatic tensions over the Wessexes' visit, as Madrid still claims the territory as part of Spain and its future border arrangements are currently the subject of post-Brexit talks between Britain and the European Union. Additional reporting by Teresa Gottein Martinez 