Prince Andrew did not appear at the latest public engagement when senior royals were out in force for Garter Day. The ceremony, procession, and private lunch marked the investiture of new members of the Order of the Garter, which is the Queen’s highest chivalry honour. Prince Andrew, 62, had been expected to attend the annual celebrations after he tested positive for Covid and missed the Platinum Jubilee weekend. But reports claim the Prince of Wales, 73, and the Duke of Cambridge, 39, lobbied the Queen to keep the Duke of York far away from the public eye and media cameras. The move has been supported by the Queen’s subjects in the capital, with civil servant George, from Dagenham, backing the “family decision”. George, 29, told Express.co.uk: "If I were a lead member of the Royal Family, I'd push for him to step back from his duties.” He added: “He's still going to have a great life, but no one likes you mate." Masters student Rachel, 28, agreed, describing how she felt “Prince Andrew did a lot of damage to the reputation of the Royal Family”. She continued: “I think he should be kept away from public life.” She added: “He doesn’t deserve the exposure.” READ MORE: Royal Family: 'Kick in teeth' Meghan 'ready' to turn back on UK Abbey Wood resident Tony, 70, said he felt the Duke attempting to return to royal life showed a “sense of entitlement”, and “clearly the man is anything but virtuous” He told Express.co.uk: “To see that he had tried to worm his way back into public life was the height of hubris on his part.” Prince Harry and Meghan’s biographer, Omid Scobie, then said Prince Andrew was “crushed” and “confused” after the intervention by William and Charles. He was, however, present at the private elements of the day, as a Knight of the Garter. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Outrageous claim Kate & William fed up with Meghan [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry push for reconciliation? [VOTE] William and Charles were ‘right’ to block Andrew from Garter Day [REVEAL] The Sun claimed the Duke was told his absence would be for “his own good” after William and Charles stressed the danger of a “backlash”. A source said: “It was a decision taken by the household for the best interests of the family but also the best interests of the Duke of York.” Mr Scobie added that maintaining Andrew in parts of royal life was “damaging” and “reflects terribly on the family”. A royal source then claimed the two future kings “do not want him to return to public life, full stop”. The source told Vanity Fair: “There are tensions because the Prince of Wales and the Duke of Cambridge want Andrew to be kept away from any public engagements. “They do not want him to return to public life, full stop. “The Jubilee was such a success and they were all overwhelmed by how well everything went. “They want to ride this wave of goodwill, not have Andrew and his scandals overshadowing the good work the rest of the family is doing.” This comes after reports that the Duke had petitioned the monarch for his reinstatement as Colonel of the Grenadier Guards, which had been stripped from him. A source told The Telegraph: “The colonelcy of the Grenadier Guards was his most coveted title and he wants it back. Having remained a Counsellor of State, he also believes he should be included at royal and state events. “Most importantly for him is his status as an HRH and ‘Prince of the Blood’ and he feels that should be reinstated and his position recognised and respected.”