The results, published in the Journal of the American Geriatrics Society, suggest an optimistic outlook could have a positive impact on longevity. In their report they concluded: “Higher optimism was associated with longer lifespan and a greater likelihood of achieving exceptional longevity overall and across racial and ethnic groups. “The contribution of lifestyle to these associations was modest.” They added: “Optimism may promote health and longevity in diverse racial and ethnic groups.” READ MORE: Hair loss: 'Hair-care' habits ‘responsible’ for permanent hair loss On average, optimism was found to extend the lives of participants by, on average, four years. In a statement, the study’s lead author Doctor Hayami Koga said: “A lot of previous work has focused on deficits or risk factors that increase the risks for diseases and premature death. “Our findings suggest that there's value to focusing on positive psychological factors, like optimism, as possible new ways of promoting longevity and healthy aging across diverse groups.” While the results are positive, the researchers said further research was required, but these investigations should investigate whether shorter-lived populations were on average less happy.  Meanwhile, Chinese scientists from the Chinese Academy of Sciences have conducted a breakthrough study. Researchers have developed a technique whereby they have successfully extended the lives of mice through modifying their circulatory system. The scientists revitalised the mice by surgically connecting their circulatory systems to those of younger mice. Published in the journal Cell Stem Cell, the study highlights the impact of young blood on older bodies. Although the potential benefits of younger blood are known, the exact mechanism behind why it helps older organisms has not been discovered. Through this study the mechanisms behind the impact of young blood may have been discovered. It is believed one reason for the rejuvenating impact is the presence of haematopoietic stem and progenitor cells that give rise to other immune and blood cells. Furthermore, scientists discovered that while exposure to young blood can ease the ageing process, exposure to older blood can accelerate it. Lead study author Ma Shuai said in a statement to media: “Most of the previous relevant studies have only demonstrated the phenomena and have not revealed enough about the essential mechanisms.” Researchers wrote of their study: “Our work constitutes a mineable resource for advancing our understanding of ageing-related systemic factors and how they might be targeted to alleviate ageing.” The work opens the door to further investigations into the mechanics of ageing and how it can be slowed or even reversed. Such a future breakthrough could have dramatic benefits and impacts on individual and societal health.