As fans eagerly await the return of NBC’s hit thriller, The Blacklist, many viewers have shared theories on what the instalment could entail. Following the exit of two major characters, it's believed Cynthia Panabaker (played by Deirdre Lovejoy) could return to the Task Force with a major role.  The Blacklist became a major hit with fans after it first landed on screens in 2013. It followed the life of a former US Navy officer turned high-profile criminal Raymond ‘Red’ Reddington (James Spader), who mysteriously handed himself over to the FBI. He informs them of a list of the most dangerous criminals in the world which he had compiled and was willing to give it to them in exchange for his safety. Throughout the series, fans tuned in to see the Task Force take on life-threatening missions as they made their way down the list. READ MORE: Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes' When the season nine finale aired in May, thousands of viewers were left in tears after they were forced to say goodbye to two beloved characters. After revealing the reason for her mysterious headaches was a pregnancy, agent Alina Park (Laura Sohn) decided to take herself off the field. As for Aram Mojtabai (Amir Arison), he announced he was taking some time away when he and his colleagues visited Liz Keen’s (Megan Boone) grave. This was a huge devastation for fans as Aram had been the Task Force’s Strategic and Tactical Technician since the pilot episode.  After two major exits, many fans shared expectations of new characters in season 10, while others anticipated Panabaker’s return. Taking to Reddit, user Pircio wrote: “So with Aram leaving and Alina leaving that means our task force is going to grow. “What I would like to see, is that ‘main justice’ still isn't ok with Harold in charge and appoints Panabaker as at least interim task force leader. “She has to deal with whatever Harold normally does for a bit directly, walk in his shoes a bit, not permanently, just long enough for us to get used to a new face.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Tracy Barlow kills again in Ken Barlow twist [THEORY]Why did Amir Arison leave The Blacklist as Aram Mojtabai? [INSIGHT]The Blacklist blunder: Key error with Scottie Hargrave’s bloody note [BLUNDER] Another viewer Scamperdo agreed: “I'm totally onboard with making Panabaker a series regular and mixing it up with Red regularly.” Reddit user CahrmingImportance65 added: “I think they should write Panabaker in as a regular on the show. She brings something unique and special to the show. I like her character.” While this was a good idea for some, other fans believed Panabaker’s role as the United States Scamperdo added: “Senator could clash with becoming the leader of the Task Force. The user continued: “Panabaker can't serve in two branches of US gov't, but she CAN serve as the head of the Senate oversight committee that is now tasked with approving the budget for each Task Force investigation!” 