Families living near The York Road Tavern, which is in Hall Green, Birmingham, say the change would cause traffic problems and noise pollution. The venue closed several years ago but regulars had hoped it would be transformed into the bustling boozer it once was. ArRahma Muslim Foundation wants to turn it into a mosque and classrooms, reports Birmingham Live. But it admits in its application to Birmingham City Council there "some harm to the historical significance of the asset". It's a claim supported by angry locals, including 27-year-old Chelsea Du Cros. The mum-of-one said: "I've lived near a mosque before and it was a traffic nightmare. The traffic around here is already bad. "There's a nursery and children's centre up the road and I just worry that a mosque will make it even more dangerous for kids when they cross the road." Gemma Dixon, a 24-year-old shop worker, said: "The pub used to put on great reggae nights and discos and I think with the right landlord they could have made it a real success but that'll never happen now." Another resident, who asked not to be named, said: "I am a tolerant person and I’m not against anyone worshipping but I was really hoping The York would reopen as a pub. "Before it closed in 2019 it had served beer before World War Two. "To us it was like the real Peaky Blinders pub. It had lots of history. I’m also worried about the potential for noise. The planning application states that prayers can start at 4.30am. That means cars and talking outside. I know pubs can be loud places but at least most people go home at around 11pm."  Bob Fellows, who used to drink at the pub frequently, said: "I feel unhappy about it, simply because I miss the pub as it was. "They also closed the dog track down a few years ago for housing so there's not much for people to do locally around here anymore. "There's no local pub now. I'm not against it being a mosque but I do feel for the people who live right opposite. "I wonder about the traffic, especially for Friday Prayers when it will be very busy. I just feel it's in the wrong place." A spokesperson for ArRahma Muslim Foundation said: "The site is being converted from a public house to place of worship with ancillary out of school setting education and community facilities. "I can confirm we have purchased the site from the previous owners who had approval for conversion of the site from a pub to a 30-room hotel." Birmingham City Council planning bosses are expected to rule on the mosque plan later this month.  