Coronation Street continues to be an ITV staple and Kevin Webster (played by Michael Le Vell) joined the cast in 1983. Le Vell is a TV actor who is in a relationship with Louise Gibbons. He was, however, previously married for 25 years and Express.co.uk has all you need to know. Michael Turner, better known as Michael Le Vell, is a Coronation Street stalwart who is protective of his family. The mechanic had a turbulent relationship with his wife Sally (Sally Dynevor) and later embarked on a romance with Jenny Bradley (Sally Ann Matthews). In real life, the father-of-two married actress Janette Beverley in October 1986. The pair had featured together on Corrie, with Janette playing Elaine Pollard. They went on to have two children together but separated after 25 years in 2011. READ MORE: Dominic Chinea wife: Who is The Repair Shop star married to? At the time, a source told The Sun they had been "estranged" for a while. After leaving Coronation Street, Janette went on to star in Summer Season, Sharon and Elsie, and Children's Ward. In more recent years she turned to presenting, appearing on Hold Tight! and What's Up Doc? One of her latest TV roles was as a contestant on Gameshow Marathon in 2007. The star, who has battled breast cancer, first met Michael when they were just children. The Corrie actor is now engaged to Louise Gibbons and they started dating in 2014. The Kevin Webster star proposed to Louise in secret back in 2017. Le Vell featured on ITV's This Morning recently to discuss what was in store for his character on the cobbles. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street theory: Cathy Matthews' exit rumbled in Brian twist [THEORY] Coronation Street theory: Abi and Kevin jailed after Imran's death [THEORY]Sally Carman husband: Is Corrie's Abi Franklin star married? [EXPLAINER] He will be celebrating 40 years in the role soon and is still honoured to be part of the show. He said: "You know what? How quick it goes, it doesn't seem like two minutes since I first joined ITV." The star was shown some footage from his first-ever appearance and he agreed he has grown up with the show. He added: "That's the trouble when you start young and you are on the telly. "You are just seen throughout your life...people will be going 'Hasn't he aged?'" He was 18 when he first started on the soap and he is still at the centre of the show's biggest storylines. The actor added: "I have been very fortunate that they do trust us with stories. "It's nice to get that trust and it's nice to know you must be doing something right."  Coronation Street airs on Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 7.30pm on ITV.