Prince Louis was spotted once again happily waving away at performers and pulling faces as he looked at the People's Pageant pass him by from the royal box. The youngest son of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge squirmed around in his seat, turning repeatedly to look at cousin Mia Tindall and her sister Lena. Mia could be seen moving close to the 4-year-old, whispering something in his ear while gripping the back of his seat.  Louis was filmed looking at the smiling girl before dropping a quick kiss on her nose, resulting in Mia giggling away at the affectionate gesture. The young prince could be seen being passed around between the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince Charles in an effort to keep him entertained. Cousins Mia Tindall and Savannah Phillips also joined in to keep Louis' attention on the pageant, chatting with him and pointing at performers as they passed by. But the cheeky royal was spotted repeatedly pulling faces at the crowd as well as at Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge as she attempted to keep him focussed. JUST IN: 'Would have given right arm!' Royalist fury as scores of seats EMPTY for Queen's pageant As he did during his appearance on Buckingham Palace's balcony at Trooping the Colour, Louis covered his eyes and blew out his cheeks as he watched the carnival Pageant. Before temporarily stepping out of the royal box, Mike Tindall could be seen smiling as he cautioned the young boy to behave. Mike gestured and pointed to his eyes that he was keeping watch over him, as Kate chuckled at their interaction. Prince Charles later also helped out, popping Prince Louis onto his knees to bounce him up and down as they looked at the performers. READ MORE: Gold State Coach unveiled! Queen's 12ft fairytale carriage in first appearance for DECADES  The prince had delighted royal fans by stealing the show on the balcony on Thursday after Trooping the Colour. He let out a howl and covered his ears during the flypast, and his "Gan Gan" the Queen sweetly interacted with her great-grandson, leaning down to chat to him and point out the planes. Others in the royal box included Princess Eugenie, who bounced her baby son August on her lap. And his pageant appearance only sparked a further frenzy on social media. DON'T MISS... Diversity steal the show at Platinum Party at the Palace [REVIEW]Duchess Kate gets in to party spirit as she sings along  [PHOTOS]Prince George in stitches with his dad William as he attends concert [VIDEO] @MSPitt2000 said: "I wish they'd had a picture insert in one corner of the screen of Prince Louis' reactions. It would have added a lot to the occasion." @Hello_Lois added: "Prince Louis was deffo told 'RIGHT BEST BEHAVIOUR NOW PLEASE' "Him and Princess Charlotte are absolute characters." @NFGmart commented: "Petition to have them skip Charles, William, George and Charlotte and have a four year old agent of Chaos as the next King.. #PrinceLouis." And @MelTennant said: "The star of the whole weekend has to be prince louis. Having the time of his life to being a right pain in the ass to singing god save the queen word for word. Little hero."