Inheritance tax is commonly loathed by Britons as it is set at 40 percent on the value of an estate above a certain threshold. Regardless of a dislike for the levy, it still must be paid, and fairly promptly after a person dies. Express.co.uk spoke to Rob Gardner, Director of Investment at St James’ Place Wealth Management, who issued a caution on the tax. He said: “Many people don’t realise just how much tax needs to be paid on death. “Often, they can end up paying more to the taxman than they realise. “It’s a very common misconception that when you die, you’ll just leave your house to the kids and that will be enough to sort them out financially. READ MORE: ‘It was my grandfather's!’ Woman ‘in hysterics’ after losing £20,000 “However, that’s just not the case, because the first thing that happens when you die is that any surviving relatives are hit with an inheritance tax bill.” Currently, inheritance tax must be paid by the end of the sixth month after the person dies. However, when a family is grieving and making the necessary plans when a person dies, they can easily be sidetracked and time can pass quickly. Mr Gardner continued: “Even worse news is that they’ll have to pay that huge tax bill within a matter of weeks. DON'T MISSRetired before 2016? You could get extra £14.48 per week [INSIGHT]State pension blunder sees millions receive 'incorrect' amount [UPDATE]WASPI hit back at ‘astonishingly arrogant’ DWP [LATEST] “This means you’ll probably have to sell your family home as quickly as possible, and potentially at a lower price than it’s worth.” Alternatively, Mr Gardner states individuals may have to look for other ways to meet this bill. It could involve having to borrow money, which, of course, incurs interest in and of itself. He continued: “You might not feel particularly wealthy but trust me, when the taxman comes calling, he’s going to be looking at everything, which is why it’s useful to understand your net worth. “He’s going to look at all of your assets, your property, your bank account, your shares, your investments, your jewellery, the contents of your house, your art, everything that you own. “From that total sum (which can be much more than you think) they will subtract your inheritance tax allowance and then your children will have to pay 40 percent tax on anything that’s left over.” It is “only after the taxman has had his cut”, Mr Gardner highlights, that Britons can move on to the next stage of dealing with an estate. This is likely to involve the remaining funds being split up according to the wishes laid out in the individual’s will. However, the expert warned beneficiaries such as children are likely to be left with a lot less than they were expecting. He added: “This means that not only do you leave your children with the emotional trauma, but they’ll also have to sort out your financial affairs. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “They could lose out on a lot of the money that they were counting on for their inheritance.” While the situation appears dire, fortunately, inheritance tax is often viewed as a “voluntary” levy - but only if people plan ahead. This is because there are steps individuals can take to mitigate their tax liabilities. Mr Gardner suggested these be seized with both hands to avoid a significant tax bill. He said: “There are ways to minimise what you pay, for example, by gifting money before you die, donating to charity and setting up trust funds.” Mr Gardner pointed Britons towards the HMRC website where further information is laid out. He described it as a “useful resource” to help individuals find out more about the details of the tax and the implications. This includes information on rules, allowances and how thresholds work.