Food recalls are issued when a product is unsafe to eat, usually because it may contain a foreign object or an ingredient not mentioned on the label. Major British supermarkets have recalled food items this week because of health and safety fears. A product sold in Tesco, Asda, Morrisons, Sainsbury’s, and Waitrose is being withdrawn from shelves due to it being unsafe to eat. Shoppers are urged to return the item to their nearest store for a full refund. Alpro UK Limited is recalling part of a batch of Alpro Rice drink because it contains oats, or gluten, which is not mentioned on the label. This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to oats or gluten. READ MORE: Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow This batch is being taken off the above supermarkets’ shelves immediately, as a precaution. The Alpro Rice Drink is comes in a one-litre pack and the batch code affected is L0902. It has a best before date of December 31, 2022. The Food Standards Agency (FSA) usually publishes every current food recall on its website. Its risk statement for the Alpro Rice Drink read: “This product contains oats (gluten) making it a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to gluten.” DON'T MISS: How to clean windows and leave them 'sparkling' [INSIGHT]‘Do not use salt to kill weeds!' Paving expert condemns gardening hack [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘best’ way to clean ‘grim’ discoloured pillows [ANALYSIS] The FSA went on to give advice to customers, saying: “If you have bought the above product and have an allergy or intolerance to oats or gluten, do not drink it. “Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund. “If you have any queries, please contact the Alpro Careline team on 0333 300 0900 or at Contact.” Alpro UK Limited also stated its advice. The company said: “Customers who still have a product from this batch can return it to the shop. “Anyone with this Alpro Rice drink with a best before date of 31/12/22 may return it to the shop where they bought it for a refund with or without a receipt.” But Alpro wasn’t the only company to recall a product this week. Waitrose has also issued a statement to let its customers know it is recalling a food item. The supermarket is recalling its own brand Two British Hot Smoked Rainbow Trout Fillets because of contamination with Listeria monocytogenes. Symptoms caused by this organism can be similar to flu and include high temperature, muscle ache or pain, chills, feeling or being sick, and diarrhoea. However, in rare cases, the infection can be more severe, causing serious complications, such as meningitis. The trout fillets come in a pack 125g in size and a use by date of June 11, 2022. The FSA advised: “If you have bought the above product do not eat it. Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund.” Waitrose also offered its advice, saying: “Waitrose is recalling the above product as a precautionary measure due to the potential presence of Listeria monocytogenes, which may lead to illness if consumed. “Do not consume, package up item, return the product to your local Waitrose & Partners branch for a refund.” The supermarket added: “Contact: Waitrose Customer Care 0800 188 884, Option 4. “We apologise that it has been necessary to recall this product and for the inconvenience caused.”