The disappointed passenger shared a picture of the sandwich on TikTok and said that she was left “so hungry” on a flight to Marbella. TikTok user “teganinsleyox” shared the image of the onboard sandwich she was given and said she ended up putting crisps inside to fill it out.  The video was captioned: "Jet2 did us dirty with our food on the plane." She explained on her account: "We hadn’t eaten in five hours due to the check-in / security queues, so ended up shoving a tube of Pringles in the bread because we were so hungry." Other TikTok users agreed that the sandwich did look bare with the image clearly showing lettuce but little else. One person wrote: "Surely not this must be a joke?" to which the passenger replied: "I wish it was."  The image of the sandwich led to other TikTok users sharing their bad experiences. A fellow TikToker replied saying: "I ordered a cheese and pickle one on my flight to Greece with Jet2 and there was 1 slither of cheese and the smallest bit of pickle. I’m still sad." Another said: "Once got a cheese and ham toastie was more of a warm sandwich with a Kraft cheese slice." Not everyone felt sympathy, though, over the apparent state of the sandwich.Another TikToker wrote: "Definition of first world problems, you could have brought food to the airport!"  READ MORE: Zara Aleena death: Man, 29, charged with murder and attempted rape A Jet2 spokesperson told BirminghamLive: "We're proud to deliver an award-winning experience from the moment people start their holidays with us, including our in-flight food and drinks. "Our in-flight meals consistently receive great feedback from customers, we’d like to apologise to the customer for any inconvenience caused on this isolated occasion. We will look into this with our supplier." It comes amid holiday cancellation warnings for the popular airline, as well as Easy Jet and TUI. The number of delayed or cancelled flights has led to many holiday cancellations.  DON'T MISS:Brits brace for thundery showers as unsettled weather rumbles [INSIGHT]Camilla lays bare 75th birthday plans [COMMENT]Expert issues monkeypox caution after 'rapid spread in recent weeks' [ANALYSIS] Passengers are being urged to check their flights are still going ahead after weeks of airport chaos following staff shortages..