Russell Kane has given his verdict on Will Smith’s infamous Oscars slap earlier this year. The Steph’s Packed Lunch star admitted he isn’t sure Will’s career will ever get back on track. Will slapped host Chris Rock for making a joke at the expense of his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith. Referencing Jada’s shaved head, Chris quipped that he couldn’t wait to watch her in GI Jane 2. However, Jada didn’t find the joke funny, as she suffers from alopecia and battled insecurity when she decided to shave her hair off. Will marched up on stage and slapped Chris, before later apologising profusely. He was banned from the Oscars for ten years, while Chris opted not to press charges. In an interview with Express.co.uk, Russell agreed that the current state of the government was “beyond parody”. “That’s the problem for the panel shows, it’s harder to make jokes about something that’s funnier than you can be,” he explained. “But on stage during stand up it’s easy peasy, because you can set up a thought, you’ve got a bit of time. “I don’t just literally mean [we should] make fun of the rich and powerful, that’s too ‘student comedy’, I just think you shouldn’t be punching down.” He continued: “That’s what went wrong with Chris Rock’s joke. “Even though what Will Smith did was totally abhorrent and Chris Rock has ended up looking like a total legend, you see a woman with no hair in the front row and your first instinct should be, ‘Let’s not go there, just in case it’s a disease or any illness.’ “That would be my instinct. How can someone with that much experience not err on the side of caution?” DON'T MISS...Former dominatrix Julia Fox watches Madonna in skimpy leather outfit [PICTURES] BBC Breakfast's Carol Kirkwood bids farewell to 'emotional' colleague [TWITTER]Madonna, 63, poses up a storm in busty bodice, but leaves fans worried [LATEST] He added: “That said, once you’ve punched someone in the face, you’ve lost the argument.” Asked how Will’s career could recover, Russell replied: “I don’t know.” He went on: “It will be interesting to see what happens to Will Smith going forward now. “I think that will have done significant damage to what happens to him going forward.” Joking about Will’s upcoming biopic, he added: “They are probably having to film a few more scenes now, Tyson Fury doing the choreography.” Russell partnered with Nextdoor, the online community network, to help encourage people all over the UK to get together with their neighbours and celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee with a Big Jubilee Lunch. To find out Russell’s tips to avoid any awkward interactions when inviting neighbours to your royal celebrations, watch his latest sketch here.