One Twitter user shared side-by-side pictures of Meghan at age one and her daughter Lilibet. Mandie Browne (@MandieBrowne) wrote: "Aww Twins!" A second user, @EvaEvansshine2, agreed, writing: "You're right, other than Harry's red hair she looks like Meghan. She won this round." Maya Be (@la_pinchipessa) added: "Awww. I've never seen that pic of Meghan and Doria. [Thanks] for sharing! "M definitely wins this round." Another, @Dred1300, wrote: "Twinning", while Holymoly24 (@Holymoly24) said: "Like I said she looks like Meghan." But she added: "The skin and hair colour is Harry. Same with Archie." Other users agreed that the young royal also bears similarities to her father, Prince Harry. Shani (@shani58959381) wrote: "Mom's face. Dad's Colour and hair. "Stunning combination." A second, @ZabineLTS, said: "She got both her parents' face... So cute". While iamLanora (@iamlrw) added: "You can see both Harry & Meghan in Lili’s face…". This came after Meghan and Harry shared a picture of Lilibet to mark her first birthday last weekend. It is the first picture the couple has shared of their second child. Young Lilibet, who turned one over the Jubilee weekend, celebrated with a gathering at Frogmore Cottage. DON'T MISS: Eugenie causes royal stir after CROPPING OUT Duchess from Jubilee pic [REVEAL] 'Uneasy' Prince Harry told to put on 'happy face' like Meghan Markle [INSIGHT] Sussexes' wedding baker posts sweet photo of 'Lilibet's birthday cake' [PICTURES] Harry and Meghan had returned to the UK to celebrate the Queen's 70 years on the throne. Royal commentator Omid Scobie said the celebrations consisted of an "intimate backyard picnic". It was a "casual, intimate" celebration, a spokesperson for the Sussexes said. Attendees reportedly included Zara and Mike Tindall's three children, Mia, eight, Lena, three, and Lucas, one. Senior members of the Royal Family sent their best wishes to the Sussex's child, with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge tweeting: "Wishing a very happy birthday to Lilibet, turning one today!" Charles and Camilla shared a similar message, saying: "Wishing Lilibet a very happy 1st birthday today!" The couple said they were "incredibly touched" by the birthday wishes they received for Lilibet.