Mary Mara's co-star Jon Lindstrom has told how he's been left "crushed" after the tragic news of the star's death aged 61. The ER and Criminal Minds actress reportedly drowned after swimming in Cape Vincent, New York, according to police, who confirmed that an investigation into the star's death is ongoing. Following the news, Mary's In Heat co-star Jon took to Twitter to tell how he had been left "crushed" by the news of her death. He told his 32,000 followers: "Crushed to learn of Mary Mara’s untimely passing. "We performed together back in 2008 in Malcolm Danare’s “In Heat” at the Lost Playhouse in LA. "She was plowing through the aftereffects of Chemo. Brave, brilliant, Uber-talented. Earth will be much less-colorful without her. R.I.P," he added. READ MORE:  Amanda Owen details how she deals with heartbreaking loss at Ravenseat In a statement, New York State Police confirmed that the investigation into the star's death is ongoing. They said: "The preliminary investigation suggests the victim drowned while swimming. "The victim's body showed no signs of foul play and was transported to the Jefferson County Medical Examiner's Office pending an autopsy to determine an official cause of death." A statement from her brother-in-law Scott Dailey reportedly told how the star was staying at her sister's summer home when the "apparent swimming accident" occured. Mary's manager Craig Dorfman also confirmed Mary's death in a statement to PEOPLE. He remembered her as "one of her finest actresses" he'd ever met. The talent manager told the publication: "I still remember seeing her onstage in 1992 in Mad Forest off-Broadway. "She was electric, funny, and a true individual. Everyone loved her. She will be missed," he ended his statement. DON'T MISS... ‘Love and miss you’ Devastated John Travolta in fresh heartache [UPDATE]Bruce Willis, 67, puts on brave face in LA outing amid aphasia battle [INSIGHT]Elvis' widow Priscilla, 77, joined by three generations of Presley's [ANALYSIS] Mary was known for her roles on TV series including Law and Order, ER and The Practice. The actress trained at Yale School of Drama before going on to have a colourful career in both theatre and film. Most recently, Mary starred as Selma in General Hospital and as Judith Anderson in Criminal Minds. Her final on screen appearance was in the 2020 film Break Even. Following the role, Mary subsequently retired and moved to Syracuse. Her career impressively spanned three decades. Mary also starred in films including Blue Steel, Love Potion No. 9 and Prom Night. The actress is survived by her stepdaughter Catie Mersola, sister, Martha Mara, her sister Susan Mara and brother-in-law, Scott, and nephew Christopher Dailey.