When cells divide uncontrollably and spread into surrounding tissue, this process is called cancer. It can be hard to thwart cancer but the best weapon you have in your arsenal is early detection. The sooner cancer is picked up, the better the prognosis. However, cancer can be hard to detect in the initial stages because the symptoms are non-specific. Pain is a prime example of this. Many Britons experience pain on a daily basis and it can be hard to distinguish the regular sort from that of cancer. However, an article published in the Official Journal of the National Comprehensive Cancer Network provides clarity. The article states: "Pain, defined as 'a sensory and emotional experience associated with actual or potential tissue damage or described in terms of such damage', is one of the most common symptoms associated with cancer." READ MORE: Lung cancer: Symptoms 'that don’t seem related' to lung cancer - what to spot The article continues: "Cancer pain or cancer-related pain is distinct from pain experienced by patients without malignancies." The term "malignancy" refers to the presence of cancerous cells that have the ability to spread to other sites in the body. The article adds: "Unrelieved pain denies patients comfort and greatly affects their activities, motivation, interactions with family and friends, and overall quality of life." Cancer pain has many different causes and there are different types. DON'T MISSHair loss: Three 'care-hair' habits causing hair loss [ADVICE]Type 2 diabetes: Two fruits causing high blood sugar [TIPS]Peter Kay: Comic's experience with 'complex' disease [INSIGHT] According to Cancer Research UK, most cancer pain is caused by the tumour pressing on bones, nerves or other organs in the body. "Sometimes pain is due to your cancer treatment. For example, some chemotherapy drugs can cause numbness and tingling in your hands and feet," explains the charity. "Or they might cause a burning sensation at the spot where you have the drug injection." It adds: "Radiotherapy can cause skin redness and irritation." It's worth remembering that some pain might have nothing to do with your cancer. You could have the general aches and pains that everyone gets from time to time. Nonetheless, It's important to be aware of any new or worrying symptoms. "Although it's unlikely to be cancer, it's important to speak to a GP so they can investigate. Finding cancer early means it's easier to treat," explains the NHS. The health body continues: "If your GP suspects cancer, they'll refer you to a specialist – usually within two weeks." General signs include: It’s particularly important to look out for cancer symptoms if: