Brandon Hayden, 19, and Amy Salter, 29, were responsible for the 100lb dog, when it pounced on Jack Lis, 10, and mauled him to death. A court heard the defendants were arrested after the "tragic and needless event" on November 8 last year and, today, they were sentenced at Cardiff Crown Court. Salter was jailed for three years while Hayden will serve four years and six months in a young offenders’ institution. Branding Salter "utterly irresponsible", Judge Michael Fitton QC said: "The death was an utterly tragic and needless event, it should never have happened and need never have happened. "Every life this court learns about is itself precious and the value of every life is greater of course to those who knew and lived the individual…For any child to lose their life at the age of 10 is bad enough but the circumstances we have heard and read and the pain expressed in victim personal statement in intense terms the unbearable impact and harm it has done to those who knew and loved Jack. "We have heard powerful and moving accounts from the victim personal statement. It’s impossible to imagine the the full extent of the trauma and pain experienced by Jack and it’s obvious no one would want to find themselves in the position of any member of the family of the deceased or a member of the emergency services who attended the scene and the carnage that presented itself. "The impact of your actions, irresponsibility, and thoughtlessness will live with the family of Jack forever and will way heavily on your conscience for the rest of your life." Both defendants admitted being in charge of a dangerously out of control dog, Wales Online reports.  Hayden also pleaded guilty to five other offences involving Beast. The court heard Hayden became the owner of the dog on November 3 last year after answering an advert on Facebook offering it free to a good home, stating that it had issues with other dogs. Hayden asked Salter if she could look after the dog for a short period. But, in the days that followed, the bulldog was aggressive to people in the community in Caerphilly, south Wales, jumping up at and towards them and biting at least two people, Michael Ball and Sian Sullivan. Ms Sullivan was injured by the dog on November 7, the day before Jack was attacked. Jack suffered catastrophic injuries to his head and neck after Beast, unrestrained, forced him to the floor in the attack at an address in Caerphilly. Beast was shot dead by armed police in an upstairs bedroom. Gareth James QC, prosecuting, said it was not necessary to disclose the full nature of Jack’s horrific injuries to the public in court to avoid "unnecessary distress to those already suffering". But the court did hear an emotional statement from Jack's grief-stricken mother Emma Whitfield. It said: "Jack was my first-born son, he was a first grandchild, a first great-grandchild, and after having my second son, he was a big brother too. He was all these things and so much more. Losing him has left a huge rift in mine and my family’s life. Not only family but friends too. "Friends of his age are grieving in a way that no child should ever have to. Jack’s passing has shaken more than just his friends and family. There is a whole school staff too who seen him through nursery through to the start of his last year of primary. "It’s obvious to say that since the day this happened my life and my family’s life will never be the same again. I’m his mum, and no mum should ever have the last images of their child as being dragged from a house, knowing deep down they’re gone by praying that it isn’t so. No mum should ever have to see paramedics walking away from their son because nothing can be done. "I close my eyes, I see the animal and its teeth. I hear the barking. I have severe panic attacks and I have horrifying flashbacks. Several times a day I am put straight back to that place. I relive the nightmare multiple times. "Before this I was not a nervous person, I was not someone who saw the bad in things and I was not someone who suffered with their mental health. But I am now one of those people. I used to be happy, bubbly, fun. Outside the house I am unable to cope with everyday sounds including sirens, dogs barking and loud bangs like the gunshot I had no choice but to listen to when the animal was destroyed. I have counselling, I have doctor reviews for medication to manage PTSD, caused by all of this."  Salter, who is herself mother of two, had shown "geuine remorse" since the tragedy, the court heard. Jeffrey Jones, defending, said she was tearful, upset, and distressed during her police interview and had expressed remorse for what happened. Since the incident she has not been able to reside at her home and has now moved away from Caerphilly. Ed Mitchard, defending Hayden, said the teen suffered with learning difficulties and lacked emotional maturity. The lawyer added: "Nothing he can say or do can change what happened last year. He knows the death of an entirely innocent young child rests at his door. "He accepts pain, suffering, and sorrow to those that loved Jack Lis is at his door. He will have to deal with that for the rest of his life… He extends unreserved apologies to all those he affected."  