Whether your laundry is looking dull or you're in need of a natural fabric softener, experts say baking soda might be the solution. Although there are numerous chemical-based and bleach-based products available that promise to bring your garments back to life, frequent use can damage your clothes over time. Paula Quazi, sustainable cleaning expert and Smol co-founder told Express.co.uk: "Products containing higher concentrations of harsh chemicals will also damage clothes. "Most stain gels, for instance, simply bleach your clothes clean - instead look for a stain remover that uses enzymes to break down the proteins of common stains." Though using baking soda in every wash isn't the best way to make use of the kitchen cupboard essential, it can help to add a natural "boost" every now and then, according to experts. Also known as bicarbonate of soda, the leavening agent traditionally used in baking, is great for dissolving dirt and grime thanks to its alkaline properties. READ MORE: ‘Do not use salt to kill weeds!' Paving expert condemns gardening hack Speaking to Express.co.uk, Lauren Clark, large appliances expert at AO.com, said: "Baking soda is a great way to eliminate odours, whilst also brightening your colours and whitening your whites. "It can act as a laundry detergent booster and a natural fabric softener all in one." Dean Davies, a professional cleaner at Fantastic Services, added: "Baking soda acts as a natural fabric softener, it can also regulate the pH level of water so that it doesn't become too acidic. "While yes, you can add baking soda to your laundry detergent, it won't do much for your clothes. DON'T MISSHow to get rid of weeds between paving stones - white vinegar mixture [EXPLAINER]How to clean suede without the risk of water damage [INSIGHT]Does white vinegar remove fabric stains? Best ways to use it [REPORT] "It may have a proven effect of neutralising odours and stains, but it won't remove bad stains and deodorise soiled fabrics." However, while there are some perks to baking soda, you should also make sure to use it correctly. Mr Davies pointed out that baking soda is "not as effective as laundry detergents and can discolour pH-sensitive fabrics when used to clean them." Thus, washing your clothes with baking soda alone is not a good idea. Instead, it should be used alongside your regular detergent. Mr Davies also warned that baking soda should not be used alongside white vinegar in your washing machine. Although white vinegar also has its own anecdotal laundry boosting properties, Mr Davies said: "When added together, vinegar and baking soda will neutralise each other as both have different pH levels. "Also, if you add the baking soda to the rinse cycle your clothes will come out rough and stiff."