Manchester City have agreed a deal to sign Kalvin Phillips from Leeds with the England international midfielder now expected to undergo a medical at the Etihad Stadium, according to reports. The 26-year-old has emerged as the Premier League champions' top replacement for Fernandinho following his decision to leave the club after nine years at the end of a rollercoaster, title-winning campaign.  Phillips had been attracting interest from Manchester United before opting against a move to Old Trafford due to his affiliation to Leeds. But now City have pounced to snap up the defensive midfielder, right under the noses of their noisy neighbours. According to The Athletic, City will pay £42million plus £3m in add-ons for Phillips. Furthermore, 18-year-old City midfielder Darko Gyabi could be heading in the other direction to Elland Road in a separate £5m deal. READ MORE: Leeds 'receive mystery £60m Raphinha bid' from English club as Arsenal and Spurs circle He is expected to undergo a medical with Leeds and will be part of Jesse Marsch's first-team set-up. City's hierarchy have moved quickly to wrap up the deal for Pep Guardiola, who has already landed Erling Haaland from Borussia Dortmund. Now City are expected to go after Brighton full-back Marc Cucurella and the Spaniard is keen on the move after just one season at the Amex Stadium. The Seagulls are expected to demand upwards of £45m in order to agree to a deal with City. DON'T MISS THE LATEST TRANSFER GOSSIPMan Utd board 'in talks' over surprise first signing to kickstart Erik ten Hag eraLeeds 'receive mystery £60m Raphinha bid' from English club as Arsenal and Spurs circleCristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signings West Ham and Aston Villa also held interest in Phillips but it was the six-time Premier League winners that moved quickest to get a deal over the line. Everything is now seemingly in place meaning he is free to discuss personal terms and undergo a medical ahead of his switch to Manchester. He will join England team-mates Jack Grealish, Kyle Walker, John Stones and Phil Foden at the Etihad, providing all goes to plan. Leeds are expected to use the money they receive from the deal for Phillips to overhaul their squad. DON'T MISS: Taylor's Transfers - Liverpool clause boost, Arsenal priority deals, Armando Broja view on West Ham offer There is firm interest in RB Leipzig's Tyler Adams, who could now arrive in Yorkshire to play an important role under his former boss Marsch. Marc Roca is already through the door after sealing his £10m switch from Bayern Munich which becomes official on July 1. The Whites could also be in line to sell Raphinha, who has been the subject of an opening offer from Arsenal amid additional interest from Tottenham, Chelsea and Barcelona. In addition to Roca, Leeds have already signed Brenden Aaronson and Rasmus Kristensen from RB Salzburg.