easyJet blamed several issues for the recent chaos; critical staff shortages and air traffic control delays are just a few. easyJet’s CEO said: “Delivering a safe and reliable operation for our customers in this challenging environment is easyJet's highest priority and we are sorry that for some customers we have not been able to deliver the service they have come to expect from us. "While in recent weeks the action we have taken to build in further resilience has seen us continue to operate up to 1,700 flights and carry up to a quarter of a million customers a day, the ongoing challenging operating environment has unfortunately continued to have an impact which has resulted in cancellations. "Coupled with airport caps, we are taking pre-emptive actions to increase resilience over the balance of summer, including a range of further flight consolidations in the affected airports, giving advance notice to customers and we expect the vast majority to be rebooked on alternative flights within 24 hours. READ MORE: Cruise tips: Jane McDonald shares her vital packing advice "We believe this is the right action for us to take so we can deliver for all of our customers over the peak summer period in this challenging environment." easyJet said it believed the issues were a “one-off” this summer and expect “greater resilience” in coming years. British Airways, Wizz Air and TUI have all cancelled flights in recent weeks as the industry struggles to cope with staff shortages. Over the weekend, thousands of passengers were affected by baggage issues at Heathrow. A huge carpet of baggage built up after there were failures in the system at the airport’s busiest terminal - Terminal 2. Heathrow has decided to cancel some flights on Monday following the baggage issues.  Gatwick has introduced a cap on flights in July and August to try to prevent last-minute travel chaos. Passengers with cancelled flights are entitled to an alternative flight on their intended day of travel. This is the case even if the only available flight is on a rival airline to the one they booked with. If a flight is cancelled last minute, passengers could be entitled to cash compensation which will vary based on the length of the journey. Passengers have also been warned about using the train to travel to the airport as train strikes are set to disrupt the UK network. easyJet posted a passenger warning on its website. It said: “Please note that there are major rail strikes planned for 21st, 23rd & 25th June, which will severely affect travel by train in the UK. “Services will be limited between 0730 and 1830 on these dates, and no services will operate outside of these hours. “There will also be a special railway timetable in place across England, Scotland & Wales from Monday 20th June to Sunday 26th June inclusive. “If you’re due to travel on these dates, please make sure you allow extra time to travel to/from UK airports and/or make alternative travel arrangements.”