Former Arsenal forward Kevin Campbell believes there are three reasons Gabriel Jesus "wants to come" to the Gunners this summer. With both Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette leaving within six months of each other, Mikel Arteta is in desperate need of reinforcements in attack. They were light of options throughout the second half of last season with Eddie Nketiah eventually preferred over Lacazette. Goals were hard to come by for Arsenal too with only Bukayo Saka and Emile Smith Rowe managing to score double digits in the Premier League. At least one central striker is needed in this summer's transfer market and Jesus has emerged as the top target. The 26-year-old has just 12 months remaining on his contract at Manchester City and following the arrivals of Julian Alvarez and Erling Haaland, it appears as though the Premier League champions are willing to listen to offers for the Brazilian. He won't come cheap with some reports indicating City want an offer in the region of £50million. Arsenal appear willing to push through a deal and Jesus' agent recently admitted they "like the project" at the Emirates. JUST IN: Arsenal transfer chief Edu has 'massive failing' to be wary of  Jesus also has a history of working with Arteta as the Arsenal boss worked under Pep Guardiola at City for three years before he took the job at the Emirates. Campbell believes that is one of three reasons Jesus would be willing to make the switch to the north London outfit. “Manchester City want good money because he’s young, fit and he’s a Brazil international," Campbell told the Highbury Squad. "You could say he’s world-class. He starts for Brazil. "He’s the best pressing striker out there and that’s what Mikel Arteta needs – he’s one of the key pieces that we need. DON'T MISS  "Jesus can go and play Champions League football. But he wants to come to Arsenal, one because he knows the manager, two because he knows the system and three, which is the most important thing, he wants to be the main man." Jesus has been a regular in attack for Guardiola, although rotation by the City boss saw the striker start just 21 league games last season. And Arsenal know full well the talents Jesus possess after the Brazil international scored and provided an assist in City's 5-0 thrashing of the Gunners in August last year. Arsenal may well pay the price for failing to qualify for next year's Champions League though. The Gunners were pipped to fourth place by rivals Tottenham in the final few games of the season.