Alan Carr was back with his Epic Gameshow this weekend as the comedian presented a reboot of much-loved darts show Bullseye. However, ITV viewers weren’t impressed with the remake as contestants answered questions and played darts for a chance to win big prizes. During Saturday’s quiz, four pairs of “knowers” and “throwers” competed as they took on the questions and the dart boards. The contestants were fighting for a chance to win prizes in the Epic Endgame. Richard Ashdown joined the comedy to help keep the scores. The reboot of the classic gameshow included a new spinning-dartboard for the final round. Read more: One Question viewers blast Claudia Winkleman's new gameshow However, ITV viewers took to Twitter to comment on the changes to the Bullseye format. @TVQuizWorld tweeted: “Generally I really love #EpicGameshow, but they really should have left #Bullseye alone. I don’t enjoy what they’ve done to the format and Alan Carr, who I normally enjoy, is not the right host.” @Brekkietweets remarked: “Thought #Bullseye was the format least suited to #EpicGameshow during it's first series.  And during it's second.  And now during the third. “It just doesn't suit Alan and doesn't suit an hour of primetime on Saturday nights.” “@EpicGameshow I was looking forward to this return but because you do one episode of everything, everybody wins all the time! So boring, no jeopardy (oh and you’ve ruined Bullseye),” @steelcitymum1 added. @ImpartialEyes quipped: “There was nothing epic about the #EpicGameShow it is only the original that was smashing, super, great #Bullseye.” “#EpicGameShow What is the point in recreating a classic if you then change the format?” @Kurt24122254 questioned. @liamjmellor80 wrote: “What’s that rumbling noise I can hear? Oh, it’s just Jim Bowen turning in his grave. #EpicGameShow.” DON'T MISSITV viewers 'switch off' as Alan Carr's Epic Gameshow returns [INSIGHT]Question of Sport viewers slam team line-ups 'Used to be about sport!' [VIDEO]Claudia Winkleman admits she ‘never wanted to do’ quiz show  [INTERVIEW] Next week, Alan hosts an updated version of Strike It Lucky. Three pairs of contestants will navigate across several screens trying to grab prizes while avoiding the classic hotspots. One lucky couple will get the chance to win a trip to Las Vegas in the final. Meanwhile, Alan recently opened up on his “rubbish” year after splitting from his husband Paul Drayton. Discussing his new comedy tour Regional Trinket on What’s On Scotland, Alan said: “I wrote [the show] before COVID. “We had a week to go and it was all written and done. It was about me getting married and Adele getting ordained especially to marry me and Paul. “But then, during COVID, the relationship fell apart, and I was divorced when we came out the other end." The comedian went on to joke he’s quite like to find “a nice Scottish man”. Alan Carr’s Epic Gameshow continues on ITV on Saturday at 7pm.