William and Harry's once-close relationship has been under strain for several years. It has been reported that the tension between the two royals won't be mended quickly as there are no signs of the feud coming to an end. Speaking on the latest Mail Plus' Palace Confidential, royal correspondent Victoria Murphy spoke of the brothers' relationship and their ongoing rift. Host Jo Elvin asked Ms Murphy if there is "any hope of a reunion between these warring brothers". Ms Murphy replied: "It certainly doesn't seem like it's happened so far. "It feels, from everything that we've seen and everything that we've heard, that there is still significant distance between them publicity as we've seen, but also privately". She added: "I think we will just have to see. READ MORE: Kate and William send 'direct message' to Meghan and Harry with latest move "There is a lot of damage done, I think, over the last couple of years, two to three years, and I think that's going to take a lot of time". Speaking of the Jubilee weekend, the royal correspondent continued: "The idea that there would just be a weekend where everything would just be resolved, I think, was always completely naive". Also speaking on the episode, Daily Mail's diary editor Richard Eden discussed how the Cambridges reportedly "turned down" an invitation to the Sussexes' daughter Lilibet's first birthday party, which was held over the Jubilee weekend. He called these reports "ridiculous" as the couple "would have known" that Prince William and Kate were going to be in Wales during that time and "weren't going to be in Windsor, or London". READ MORE: 'Seen it 10 different ways!' Meghan and Harry told to be 'smart' over Netflix deal Speaking previously to 60 Minutes Australia, royal author Tina Brown discussed the brothers' "tense" relationship. Ms Brown said: "There is very little communication between Harry and William right now, very little. "Unfortunately, the wounds of the Oprah [Winfrey] interview were deep, and then, of course, Harry's kept it up since. The royal author also noted that the announcement of Harry's upcoming 'tell-all" memoir "really rattled the family tremendously" and that the anticipation is "sort of, hanging over them now". DON'T MISS Kate and Meghan 'right in step' with royal Jubilee memo [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry caught in Netflix 'mess' after master plan ruined [VIDEO]Meghan and Harry forced to back of procession to prevent photos [INSIGHT] Previously speaking ToDiForDaily's podcast host Kinsey Schofield, royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams stated how he sees "no rift being healed" due to release of Harry's memoir. During an interview with The Sun, royal commentator and author Angela Levin spoke about how Harry once told her that William "was the only person he could trust". She added, in the interview: “The Duke of Cambridge now knows that when Harry talks to any royal, he repeats it on a TV channel in America.”