Long-running ITV series Doc Martin first hit screens back in 2004, following the exploits of the curmudgeonly titular GP Dr Martin Ellingham (played by Martin Clunes) following his move to the sleepy fictional village of Portwenn in the West Country. His misadventures and irascible bedside manner have provided fertile ground for comedy over the years with viewers lapping up the show. But what does the future hold for Doc Martin and its lead star? There’s bad news for Doc Martin fans, the show is sadly coming to an end. Season 10 is confirmed to be the final outing for the nation’s grumpiest doctor with ITV making an announcement back in 2020 when the forthcoming series was commissioned. In a sense, Clunes is leaving Doc Martin but the show will be ending with him rather than going on without its lead. Speaking about the decision to conclude the show, Clunes and writer Philippa Braithwaite said in a joint statement at the time: “We have loved making nine series of Doc Martin. READ MORE: When is Doc Martin back on? All we know so far about season 10 “When we launched the series in 2004, we could never have imagined how much our loyal viewers would take to the grumpy Doc like they have. “The series has avid fans both in the UK and throughout the world and we are thrilled that Doc Martin has topped the ratings every time. “However, after 16 years we now feel that the time has come to say goodbye to Portwenn.” The pair added: “We will be making the 10th and final series in 2021 and we are very much looking forward to returning to Cornwall to film it.” ITV's head of drama Polly Hill said: “I just want to thank Martin and Philippa and everyone involved in Doc Martin, because it’s a brilliant, beautifully made series that has delighted audiences for many years. “I am pleased that we are making series 10, and sad this will be the last, but respect their decision to bring it to a close.” Part of the reason the show is ending is because Clunes and Braithwaite felt many of the storylines had been already done and by continuing they couldn’t guarantee the same quality as before. Filming was due to take place in 2021 but didn’t go ahead, however, Clunes shared an update in January this year saying the crew would be heading to Port Isaac, Cornwall to shoot. DON'T MISS...Where is Doc Martin filmed? [EXPLAINER]Martin Clunes reveals how Sigourney Weaver approached him for role [INSIGHT]Who is in the cast of Doc Martin? [ANALYSIS] Appearing on Steve Wright’s BBC Radio 2 show earlier in the year, he anticipated season 10 of Doc Martin would be hitting screens in the autumn. When the show does return, episodes are likely to be airing on a weekly basis rather than a mass boxset drop. Clunes teased the scripts: "As I'm reading them, the finished drafts, I'm just beaming when I close the last page thinking, 'The people who like this programme are going to really like this episode'." He said the delay in filming had allowed the writers to work further on the scripts and produce some strong plots for audiences to sink their teeth into. The majority of the previous runs have consisted of eight episodes and the 10th series is likely to follow suit with fans also getting a Christmas special. Doc Martin has built up a global fanbase since it first debuted with American audiences. Hollywood star and Alien actress Sigourney Weaver even made an appearance in the show. Over the years, Portwenn has played host to some famous faces including Chris O’Dowd, Miriam Margoyles, and Andrea Riseborough, among others. Additionally, the show has led to various international adaptations in Spain, France, Russia, the Netherlands, the Czech Republic, Germany, and Greece. Doc Martin season 9 airs on ITV tonight at 9pm