Rafael Nadal was in agreement with Novak Djokovic that their French Open quarter-final clash started and finished "too late" after the Spaniard finally booked his place in the semi-finals after 1.15am local time. The seasoned 35-year-old, who is now hunting his record 14th title at Roland-Garros, had asked officials not to play the night session - a request that was snubbed before he battled past the resilient Serbian to win 6-2 4-6 6-2 7-6 (7-4). Nadal and Djokovic have bad memories of the controversial slot after playing out a gruelling semi-final that rumbled on into the early hours in 2021. This time it was no different - despite the match eventually finishing sooner than anticipated - and Nadal once again questioned the motives and importance of night matches. "It is too late, without a doubt," said Nadal who had asked not to play in the night session. "I can't complain because we have two days off now but if you only have one day off, or like [Alexander] Zverev had in Madrid when he had to play the final the next day, then it's a big issue. "I understand the other part of the business, without a doubt, that television pays a lot of money. We need to find a balance." Djokovic was of the same opinion before he praised the quality of Nadal's tennis in the decisive moments of the contest. "I think they are starting too late. But TV decides, that's the world we live in," said Djokovic. "He was just able to take his tennis to another level in those particular moments in the beginning of all sets, except the fourth... "I had my chances but he showed why he's a great champion, staying mentally tough... he deserved it." Nadal now moves onto his last-four clash with third-seed Zverev on Friday, as he targets more history and his 22nd Grand Slam. He continues to show exactly why he is considered an all-time great just a matter of months from potential retirement following a chronic foot problem. Felix Auger-Aliassime had pushed him all the way last Sunday before Nadal once again had to dig deep and show his class amid the heat, as Djokovic continued to fight back. "In the end it has been a very emotional night for me," said an exhausted Nadal. "I'm still playing for nights like today. "But it's just a quarter-finals match? So I didn't win anything. I just give myself a chance to be back on court in two days. Playing another semi-final here in Roland Garros means a lot to me." It was Nadal's fast start that set the tone for an important victory as he took two of his opening four break opportunities to win the opening set inside 50 minutes. Andrey Rublev vs Marin Cilic and Casper Ruud vs Holger Rune make up Wednesday's quarter-final schedule.