The Sleep Foundation says: “Researchers, including nutritionists and sleep experts, have conducted different types of studies to try to discover the best foods for sleep. While this research provides important clues, it’s not conclusive. In general, there’s a lack of direct evidence about specific foods that are good for sleep.”  The Cleveland Clinic says people should avoid high-fat cheeses, chicken wings or deep-fried fish as “these take longer to digest and can keep you awake”. The Sleep Charity says you should avoid eating a big meal and spicy food just before bedtime as it can lead to discomfort and indigestion. It adds that research also found that it brought about a change in body temperature which can confuse the brain, as core temperature naturally dips as bedtime approaches. “Go easy on processed high carb (bread, pasta and rice) that cause energy crashes and fatty foods as the stimulated acid production in the stomach can lead to heartburn and indigestion. Remember that excess eating leaves you sleepy,” it explains. READ MORE: Kate Middleton health: The Duchess' severe allergy - symptoms can start 'within minutes'  The Sleep Charity adds: “Even if you know to avoid coffee and strong tea, you might be sabotaging your sleep with sneakier sources of caffeine, like chocolate.” Everyone needs different amounts of sleep. On average the NHS says adults need seven to nine hours, while children need nine to 13 hours. Toddlers and babies need 12 to 17 hours of sleep, every day. Nonetheless, it says: “There is no correct amount of sleep that everyone must have. Sleep is a natural process that is not directly under our control. “Our bodies take what they need. In the short-term our bodies will adjust the type and quality of sleep to make sure we stay healthy.”  The NHS notes: “Drinks with caffeine and foods that are hard to digest can cause the body to be too alert to sleep.” The health body says you should avoid drinks and hot beverages which contain caffeine. It states: “These drinks can make us feel more awake and can disrupt our sleep. Some drinks which include caffeine and should be avoided close to bed are; tea, coffee, energy drinks and fizzy juice. “If you enjoy a hot drink before bedtime try caffeine–free alternatives such as herbal teas.”  It also suggests: “Try to refrain from having a heavy meal close to bedtime. When food is digested through the night it can cause discomfort and disturb our sleep. “If you feel hungry close to bedtime or during the night when you wake up then have a light snack.” The Mayo Clinic advises that if you don't fall asleep within about 20 minutes of going to bed, leave your bedroom and do something relaxing. “Read or listen to soothing music. Go back to bed when you're tired. Repeat as needed, but continue to maintain your sleep schedule and wake-up time,” the advice reads.  The organisation adds that you should keep your room cool, dark and quiet. It explains: “Exposure to light in the evenings might make it more challenging to fall asleep. “Avoid prolonged use of light-emitting screens just before bedtime. Consider using room-darkening shades, earplugs, a fan or other devices to create an environment that suits your needs.” The NHS says you should see a GP if: 