Prince Andrew was forced to remain out of sight during the Garter Day procession after a "family decision" was taken to limit his appearance to a behind-the-scenes lunch and investiture ceremony. As the Prince of Wales, Duke of Cambridge and other senior royals processed through the grounds of Windsor Castle for a church service commemorating the Order of the Garter, Andrew stayed behind closed doors. Royal expert Russell Myers has since claimed the public is "sick and tired" of Andrew's behaviour. Speaking to Australia's Today show, Mr Myers said: "He has been banned in the first place. "This is the second or third time we're talking about this. "We had him walking his mother up the aisle at Westminster Abbey for Prince Philip's memorial, now we're talking about this. "How many more times is he going to put himself front and centre. READ MORE: Queen 'laying the groundwork' ahead of next reign to smooth transition "It's causing an almighty row both inside and outside the palace because people are a bit sick and tired of it. "People just want him to fade into the background." The occasion laid bare the royal family's problem - what formal role, if any, can Andrew play after his reputation was severely tarnished by his involvement in a civil sexual assault case. And it also exposed the internal struggle between senior members of the royal family and the duke's reported desire to be reinstated as a working royal. Charles and his son William are understood to have lobbied the Queen about Andrew's participation in Garter Day, which features the church service, an investiture for new members of the order and a lunch. A version of the Order of Service for the St George's Chapel service names Andrew as being part of the Garter knights while in another distributed to the public he has been omitted. Joe Little, managing editor of Majesty Magazine, said: "Clearly it was the intention he would be there, as he does feature in one of the lists, so it's not a media invention he was going to be there, until recently that was the intention. "Interesting that the family should need to intervene on something like this and to pull him back but clearly that's what it takes." DON'T MISS Kate and Meghan 'right in step' with royal Jubilee memo [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry caught in Netflix 'mess' after master plan ruined [VIDEO]Meghan and Harry forced to back of procession to prevent photos [INSIGHT] Mr Little speculated the events of Garter Day may cause Andrew to reassess his future and how "impossible" it is for him to return as a working member of the royal family. He said about the move to remove Andrew from public view: "I think the decision they've made is a sensible one, I think they're fully aware of the public's opinion of the Duke of York's conduct and that this is very much a damage limitation exercise on behalf of senior members of his family." The Queen had signalled her support for Andrew - rumoured to be her favourite child - by arriving with him for the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service in March. Andrew provided a steady arm for the Queen as she walked into Westminster Abbey to remember the life of her husband.