Her Majesty released a statement giving her blessing to coincide with Accession Day on February 6. It is the day the monarch remembers her father King George VI, who died on the date at Sandringham in 1952 while she was in Kenya with Prince Philip  In the statement the Queen said that it was her “sincere wish” for the Duchess of Cornwall to take the title in the future. She said: “I would like to express my thanks to you all for your support. “I remain eternally grateful for, and humbled by, the loyalty and affection that you continue to give me. “And when, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes king, I know you will give him and his wife Camilla the same support that you have given me; and it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service.”  The Queen also revealed in the statement that she had inducted Camilla into The Order of the Garter. Although at the time the statement was widely praised the silence from other members of the royal family was noticeable. When speaking to The Daily Mirror's ‘Pod save the Queen’ podcast royal biographer Andrew Morton said that the lack of subsequent comment from The Duke of Cambridge and Duke of Sussex showed they weren't particularly “enamoured” by Camilla. He said: “The Queen has incrementally bought [Camilla's] status higher and higher. READ MORE: Lilibet and Archie tipped to receive title from Prince Charles  “A few years ago she put her in the Privy Council so she could be there when the succession was announced. “Then she was made a member of the Order of the Garter and finally she says that she'd like Camilla to be called Queen Consort. “That has kind of ended the debate because when Prince Charles first married Camilla, the mood music was that she was never going to be called Queen and within a matter of years they were backtracking very quickly. “The fact that neither William nor Harry seem to have sent effusive congratulations to that position does tend to make you feel that it is one of the few things that the two brothers agree on - that being that neither of them are overly enamoured by Queen Camilla. DON'T MISS: Netflix wants Harry and Meghan 'to explain why they were booed'  [REVEAL] Meghan Markle 'hoped to reconcile with Kate' for children to bond   [INSIGHT] Camilla takes leaf out of Meghan Markle's book with podcast appearance [SPOTLIGHT]  “I think they've side-stepped the issue by saying that it is a matter for them but as William will be the direct heir and Harry is sixth in line, they should have weighed in with a few sentences congratulating Camilla on her elevation. “It is what is not said that is where the interesting stuff happens.” Claims that Prince William and Prince Harry have struggled with their relationship with Camilla were discussed by journalist and author Tina Brown earlier this year in her book ‘The Palace Papers: Inside the House of Windsor, the Truth and the Turmoil’. Brown claimed that Harry in particular “can't stand” his father's second wife and “resents” her. Describing their first meeting with Camilla, the author explained that Harry “unnerved her with long silences and smouldering resentful stares”, whereas Prince William remained “guarded”. 