The cost of living crisis threatens to push families in every part of the country into genuine hardship, as groceries bosses warn of food inflation hitting 15 per cent. Borrowers have been pummelled with another rise in interest rates. The Bank of England base rate of 1.25 per cent is the highest since 2009. Mortgage-holders face the miserable task of looking at their budgets to see where they can make savings, and drivers grimace every time they unscrew the fuel cap and take their punishment at the pump. There is no secret lever in Whitehall that Rishi Sunak can pull that will eradicate inflation. We are in for difficult months ahead and, while the Government’s help with fuel and energy costs is very welcome, there is no way it can shield us from the full effects of a global economic storm. People on every continent have been reminded of the paramount importance of managing a country’s finances responsibly. No government or national bank can be afford to be blasé about inflation which has the potential to bring so much pain to so many households. The RMT will be guilty of a gross failure of leadership if rail strikes go ahead next week which could – in the words of the Transport Secretary – end up putting the “jobs of thousands of workers” at risk. Grant Shapps made a direct plea to workers, telling them they risk striking themselves “out of a job”. The people of Britain love their railways and want the men and women who run these vital services to earn a good wage. But the strikes that threaten to close lines next week could prove an act of devastating self-sabotage. When both the network and the wider economy are struggling to escape the legacy of the pandemic, it is lunacy for the RMT to turn its face against reform and inflict needless pain on the country. A three-inch cockroach is the last thing most of us would want to find within the pages of a book – but experts at the National Archives were fascinated to discover such a creature had been trapped in old shipping ledgers for almost 300 years. The documents had not been opened since the days of George II but this six-legged surprise had been perfectly preserved within the pages. What other secrets lurk in the archives at Kew? This cockroach is probably not the only ancient creepy-crawly hidden there, and history has a legendary power to shock.