Some researchers suggest stress could lead to the onset of shingles. The reason for this is because when the body undergoes stress it releases the stress hormone cortisol. Cortisol suppresses the immune system. As a result, prolonged periods of stress can lead to several health issues including insomnia, depression, anxiety, heart disease, weight gain, and shingles. READ MORE: Cancer warning: Three vitamin supplements linked to lung cancer risk Meanwhile, a 2022 review of causational shingles studies found stress could explain why some people develop shingles after experiencing COVID-19. They concluded: “Emotional strain interferes with immune system functioning. “Psychological stress and emotional stress can dampen the body’s defence system, leading to an increased susceptibility to many infections.” While the authors supported the link between stress and shingles, more research is required in order for a conclusive link to be drawn.  No matter how shingles is caused, the condition nevertheless is one that causes great discomfort when it does arise. Symptoms that can appear are:• A tingling or painful feeling in an area of skin• A headache or feeling generally unwell• Rash. The rash in question will appear a few days after the tingling sensations and/or headache. Once the rash appears, it can be anywhere on the body, it will stay on one side of the body. Despite the discomfort, shingles normally clears after around four weeks. However, the NHS warns: “Your skin can be painful for weeks after the rash has gone, but it usually gets better over time.” The important point to note about shingles is while the infection is present it is crucial to stay away from certain groups. These include pregnant women who have not had chickenpox, immunocompromised people, and babies less than one month old. In recent times shingles has been of greater concern to health officials amid patients mistaking shingles for monkeypox and vice versa. While the shingles rash is red, the one caused by monkeypox turns into spots filled with pus. Health officials are warning people to remain vigilant amid the spread of monkeypox as the UK moves closer to 200 confirmed cases.