Davina McCall, 54, always looks ravishing whenever she appears on TV. The Londoner has a fantastic figure and is slim and toned, as well as healthy. This is thanks to her diet and exercise regime. What is it? Davina has opened up about her fitness regime in the past, saying she works out and stays slim because she wants to “stay alive for longer”. Speaking about exercise, the 54-year-old said: “If I feel that I’ve had a slobby couple of weeks and I have put on a bit of weight or I need to tone up, I will lower my calorie intake and exercise may be a tiny bit harder. “[But] for me, working out isn’t just for Christmas and New Year. It’s not just to get in the bikini. It’s to stay alive longer. “I really enjoy the way that it helps my head stay clear of negativity. It’s just a win-win in every sense.” READ MORE: Woman lost incredible 16 stone after being 'treated like an animal' Although Davina has always been slim, in 2018, she lost weight and went from a size 12 to a size 10. She explained at the time: “I’m around 9st 10lbs and I’m in size 10 clothes, which is a size smaller than I was in last year, so it’s great. I’m really, really happy. “I don’t want to lose any more weight now, though. This is exactly where I want to be.” The presenter’s weight loss happened around the same time as she split up with her husband and father to her three children. DON'T MISS: Best way to store bananas - perfectly yellow and edible for 15 days [HACKS]Menopausal skincare: How to reduce redness and manage hot flushes [VIDEO]How Meghan Markle showed ‘the world she was nervous’ [BODY LANGUAGE] Davina lost weight by following a healthy diet, as well as by doing regular exercise. She has previously shared what she does and doesn’t eat, telling Hello! Magazine: “I try not to goad the sugar bear. “I’m not being all holier than thou by cutting out refined sugar, I’m just trying to help myself because once I start, I can’t stop.” For breakfast, Davina said she “would probably have granola and milk”, or “a crumpet” – but she usually waits a few hours before eating. The presenter explained she works out in the morning first and doesn’t eat breakfast until later. She said: “I try not to eat until after I am finished [with my workout] so sometimes I might not eat breakfast until 10am. “I will either have one and a half Warburton’s crumpets – two is too many – with butter.” Her main meal is lunch and is “usually something like pasta, or a courgetti, or eggs with something”, Davina said. As for dinner, Davina explained: “If I'm with the kids I'll probably do some kind of meat and potatoes. “But I might have a salad with some of the meat. Likewise, if I’m doing a roast chicken, they might have chips, but I’ll just have the chicken on a salad with some avocado, or another kind of crunchy vegetable I can find.” The presenter added: “I try to mix it up, because otherwise we all get bored.” Over the years, Davina has released numerous fitness DVDs, and she currently has a fitness Instagram account where she encourages her followers to do regular exercises. As a member of Davina’s Own Your Goals online gym, users can get free access to her virtual fitness classes. The online gym features a range of different classes daily, including pilates, high-intensity workouts, and weightlifting. Davina also participates in these classes herself and posts video proof on the Own Your Goals Instagram account.