Manchester United will have an added incentive to keep transfer fees low for the remainder of the summer if they meet Barcelona's hefty £73million asking price for Frenkie de Jong. As such, new boss Erik ten Hag may have to offer players in part-exchange when dealing with Ajax for targets Antony and Jurrien Timber. With that in mind, Express Sport looks at four stars who could be on the chopping block. Ajax battled through last season with Remko Pasveer and Maarten Stekelenburg vying for minutes between the sticks. With a combined age of almost 80, it would be logical for new boss Alfred Schreuder to bring on some fresh meat to rejuvenate the position. The Dutch giants reportedly tried to sign Henderson in January, and the goalkeeper is desperate for a new challenge having spent the past campaign frozen out thanks to David De Gea's resurgence. A move to Newcastle looked to be on the cards this summer, but the Magpies have since distanced themselves which leaves the door ajar for others to step in. JUST IN: Liverpool to 'agree terms' with second star as Reds look to build on Darwin Nunez capture The Ivorian would have been a major coup for Ajax just a few years ago, but the longer he has been left to collect dust on United's bench, the more his name has faded into obscurity. The 28-year-old has made 20 Premier League appearances over the last three seasons combined, with his game time gradually declining since his first campaign at Old Trafford in 2016/17. But he still has the athleticism to thrive elsewhere, and despite having endured a tough time with the Red Devils, he should theoretically be entering his prime. Proposing the centre-back to Ajax could work well given that Jurrien Timber is rumoured to be eyeing up a move in the other direction, and Bailly could go straight in as his ready-made replacement. DON'T MISS...Tottenham boss Conte 'in talks' for £8.5m bargain he can't pass up onMan City boss Guardiola has 'secret pact' with Bernardo Silva amid Barcelona interestTottenham 'in advanced negotiations' to sign Everton ace Richarlison Ajax's starting left-back, Nicolas Tagliafico, is approaching the final year of his contract and rarely finds himself too far away from rumours suggesting that an exit is on the cards. United could help to rectify that situation by offering Alex Telles as part of a swap deal for either Antony or Timber. The Brazilian has more than enough attacking instinct and left-footed quality to excite the Dutch fans, and his departure from Old Trafford would be no skin off United's nose given that he has been a peripheral figure since joining from Porto in 2020. Furthermore, loan returnee Brandon Williams could immediately be instated as Luke Shaw's back-up option at left-back, taking the pressure off Ten Hag to find a replacement. Incredibly for a player who cost £37.2m just over a year ago, Diallo's recent 13-game stint on loan at Rangers was the most concentrated dose of senior football he has enjoyed in his young career. And he notched three Scottish Premiership goals too, showing the kind of quality that convinced United to take a massive gamble on him after just a handful of games for Atalanta. Despite his positive progress, the 19-year-old may still be just shy of Ten Hag's first-team plans for the season ahead. Ajax could therefore be tempted to take him on loan to help offset Antony's potential exit, in an arrangement that may prove beneficial for all parties.