Michael Le Vell has been in Coronation Street for almost four decades as Kevin Webster and the cobbles truly wouldn't be the same without him. But what do we know about the 57-year-old actor's personal life away from the cameras? Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about actor Michael Le Vell's family life. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Coronation Street. Kevin Webster actor Michael Le Vell was previously married to fellow actress Janette Beverley. It is believed she and Le Vell met on the set of Coronation Street as she portrayed Elaine Pollard in the mid-1980s. The couple were married for 25 years before deciding to go their separate ways and divorce in 2011. But the famous pair remain tied together through their two children. READ MORE: 'Where's Tom Jones?' Viewers torn as Diana Ross closes Jubilee concert Their first child was daughter Amelia Turner who was born in 1993, followed by their son Finlay Turner in 1996. They are now aged 29 and 26-years-old respectively but little to no other details are known about them. In spite of their famous parents, Amelia and Finlay have been able to stay out of the spotlight. Since his first wife, Le Vell has moved on and found the next love of his life. The Corrie star started dating Louise Gibbons back in 2014. He then chose to pop the question in 2017, asking for Gibbon's hand in marriage which she gleefully said yes. No further details have been released regarding their future wedding following the proposal. Much like Le Vell, Kevin Webster is now also onto his second marriage in Coronation Street. DON'T MISS...Adil Ray laughs as he mocks Meghan Markle's Jubilee snub  [REACTION]Coronation Street star Alex Bain in hospital update after injury [CAST]Coronation Street theory: Adam Barlow to become Toyah's next victim [THEORY] Kevin and Sally Metcalfe (Sally Dynevor) were married the second time around for a decade before divorcing once again. The first was caused by his affair with Natalie Horrocks (Denise Welch) and the next by his affair with Tyrone Dobbs' (Alan Halsall) wife Molly (Vicky Binns). Sally is now married to cabbie Tim Metcalfe (Joe Duttine) and Kevin to Abi Franklin (Sally Carman). However, the first few months of their wedded life together have been far from easy. Kevin discovered that Abi had cheated on him with Imran Habeeb (Charlie de Melo) which led to her getting pregnant with Alfie. Imran was given full custody of their son with his new wife Toyah (Georgia Taylor) but in last week's episodes, everything changed. Imran was killed in a car crash so does this now mean that Abi will get custody of her son? Coronation Street continues every Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm on ITV.