Admiral Sir Tony Radakin said Vladimir Putin had sacrificed 25 per cent of Russia’s land forces for tiny gains – and while he may still achieve “tactical successes”, any idea that his war was a triumph was “nonsense”. Ukraine says the Kremlin has lost more than 31,000 troops and Admiral Radakin added that Putin was running out of men and missiles so could not seize all of the country. He said: “This is a dreadful mistake. Russia has strategically lost. Nato is stronger, Finland and Sweden are looking to join.” Russia has had to give up taking most cities and is in a tough tactical fight. Admiral Radakin said Russia is “grinding away”, gaining “a couple of kilometres” a day: “That’s tough for Ukraine, but this is going to be a long fight. Ukraine has shown how courageous it really is. “President Putin has used about 25 per cent of his army’s power to gain a tiny amount of territory and 50,000 people either dead or injured.” Russia is now a “more diminished power” diplomatically and economically, he said. Admiral Radakin said his Ukrainian counterpart General Valerii Zaluzhnyi recognises he is in a “tough battle” in the east. He continued: “They’re courageous people. They’re ingenious people in terms of how they’re taking the fight to the Russians. But they’re also honest people, with saying, actually, they need some help.” He said UK support for the Kyiv regime would continue: “We’re in this for the long haul”. Ukrainian presidential adviser Mykhailo Podolyak has urged the West to help his country achieve “heavy weapons parity” with Russia in the war – calling for more artillery, rocket systems and vehicles. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss yesterday told the Commons: “Russia’s efforts to destroy Ukraine will only lead to it becoming a stronger, more prosperous and more united European nation.” There are growing fears for thousands of civilians trapped by the Russian bombardment of Severodonetsk in east Ukraine. Saviano Abreu, of the UN’s humanitarian affairs office, said: “The lack of water and sanitation is a big worry.”