Two actors from Netflix’s The Chosen One have died, with six crew members left injured as a van carrying them crashed. The vehicle is said to have flipped over on the desert road. According to reports, Raymundo Garduno Cruz and Juan Francisco Gonzalez Aguilar both died from their injuries. The turn-over crash took place on Thursday in Baja California Sur peninsula, according to the Baja California Department of Culture in Mexico. According to the Hollywood Reporter, the crew had been working nearby in the Santa Rosalia area when the tragedy occured. All involved were working on The Chosen, a Brazilian thriller series that began in 2019. The injured victims have not yet been named. Deadline reported the series was being filmed by an unidentified independent production company. They added that officials could give information on whether the incident would affect filming. The Chosen One follows three young doctors, who travel to a village in the Pantanal in Brazil to vaccinate residents against a new mutation of the Zika virus.  They get trapped in a secretive community where residents are devotees of a mysterious leader who has the gift of curing diseases in a supernatural way. Netflix describes: “A 12-year-old boy learns he’s the returned Jesus Christ, destined to save humankind. “Based on the comic book series by Mark Millar and Peter Gross.” The series was officially announced on July 20, 2018. DON'T MISS...Carol Vorderman, 61, puts on busty display in tight-fitting dress [PICTURES] Richard Madeley and Judy Finnigan's row 'worse than if he had affair' [ADMISSION] Ruth Langsford gushes over Dame Deborah James after Ascot meet [TRIBUTE]    Netflix revealed that the production would be inspired by the Mexican series Ninõ Santo, created by Pedro Peirano and Mauricio Katz and based on the original idea of Pablo Cruz. The Brazilian version was then adapted by the couple of writers Raphael Draccon and Carolina Munhóz. Fans have been left horrified by the tragic news. @Biderverse tweeted: "oh my god??? that’s f***ing awful??? my condolences to their families wtf".  @Heisdenbergstew added: "Jesus christ, rest in peace". Trigety wrote: "This is awful. Rest In Piece to the two that passed, and I wish for a full recovery on the injured." "My deepest condolences to the friends and family," typed @Antiant.