Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon announced today the launch of a new campaign for a second independence referendum to leave the UK. In light of the announcement, Scottish comedian Leo Kearse reacted to Nicola Sturgeon’s move and advised the Scottish First Minister to “stop banging on about it and just pull the trigger”. “If you want to go, go!”, he said despite warning leaving the UK could “drag Scotland backwards and ruin the country economically, socially and culturally”. Speaking at GB News, Mr Kearse said: “If you want to go, go. “Stop banging on about it and just pull the trigger. “Go and then you can have your isolated little provincial county because it’s not supported by Britain anymore. “And within six months, the SNP will be priors in Scotland. “They’ll have dragged Scotland backwards. “They’ll have ruined and destroyed Scotland economically, socially, and culturally. “So instead of banging on about it, just do it”. Scotland rejected independence in the referendum held in 2014, which saw 55 percent of voters saying they wanted to remain part of the UK. READ MORE: Boris to unveil Brexit masterplan TODAY but faces bitter row with MPs In a press conference held at Bute House in Edinburgh, she said: “Scotland, like countries across the world, faces significant challenges. “But we also have huge advantages and immense potential. The refreshed case for independence is about how we equip ourselves to navigate the challenges and fulfil that potential, now and in future.” She added: “In their day-to-day lives, people across Scotland are suffering the impacts of the soaring cost of living, low growth and increasing inequality, constrained public finances and the many implications of a Brexit we did not vote for. “These problems have all been made worse or, most obviously in the case of Brexit, directly caused by the fact we are not independent.” DON'T MISS: ‘Dangerously low’ Universal Credit alert as food banks on BRINK [WATCH]Horror as 'suspicious' death of man found on fire at popular park [LISTEN]Brave couple shuns modern life in favour of pre-war Britain lifestyle [INSIGHT] “So at this critical juncture, we face a fundamental question. Do we stay tied to a UK economic model that consigns us to relatively poor economic and social outcomes which are likely to get worse, not better, outside the EU? “Or do we lift our eyes, with hope and optimism, and take inspiration from comparable countries across Europe? “It is time to talk about making Scotland wealthier and fairer. It is time to talk about independence and then make that choice”. In an interview with the BBC, she also claimed that the situation has changed since the first referendum in 2014 and stressed "Had we known in 2014 everything we know now about the path the U.K. would have taken then, I've got no doubt Scotland would have voted yes back then”.