Floyd Mayweather has revealed one former pound-for-pound great has thrown his hat in the ring to face Jake Paul next. Mayweather told assembled media following a press conference on Monday night that Andre Ward had informed him on Sunday that he would like to face Paul in an exhibition bout. The former two-weight world champion, like Mayweather, retired with an undefeated record and has not competed since 2017. But according to Mayweather, he is willing to step back in the ring to face the YouTuber turned professional boxer. “I spoke to Andre Ward,” said Mayweather. “You guys seen us talking on stage, you know, at the International Boxing Hall of Fame. We was talking on stage. You know, Andre Ward was talking to me. And it’s crazy. Andre Ward said he wanted to do, he didn’t mind doing a exhibition against Jake Paul.” Ward and Mayweather were inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame last weekend under the class of 2021. The pair spent a lot of time together at the ceremony in Canastota, New York during which Ward revealed his willingness to fight again in an exhibition setting. MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury demands £500m for retirement U-turn clash with Joshua Ricky Hatton vs Marco Antonio Barrera to be rescheduled Hughie Fury vs Michael Hunter cancelled as Fury falls ill If Ward does return, he will be following in the footsteps of Mayweather who is set to compete in his fourth exhibition bout this September against Japanese mixed martial artist Mikuru Asakura. ‘Money’ Mayweather has previously faced Tenshin Nasukawa, Jake’s brother Logan Paul, and Don Moore in the same capacity. This would not be the first time Ward has expressed interest in fighting again. The former unified super-middleweight and light-heavyweight champion has previously explored possible fights with Oleksandr Usyk and Callum Smith. But the ‘Son of God’ is currently one of ESPN’s lead boxing analysts and doesn’t seem inclined to face top-level opposition anymore.  Potential opponent Paul has competed in one exhibition contest, a white-collar bout against KSI’s brother Deji Olatunji which ended in a fifth-round stoppage victory for the American. However, in his past five fights, Paul has fought as a professional racking up a 5-0 gloved record. Last week he announced that his next fight would take place on August 6 at Madison Square Garden and has been called out by many fighters so far. Among the list of potential next opponents is Eric ‘Butterbean’ Esch, Tommy Fury, Mike Tyson, and Anderson Silva.