Matthew McConaughey is best known for his roles on the big screen, having starred in numerous blockbuster films. However he left many emotional with his speech at the White House as the Uvalde-native pleaded for the US Government to reconsider their current stance on guns and raise the age of those who can purchase weapons to 21 after multiple children and adults were killed in the school shooting. Matthew and his wife Camila Alves, have spent the majority of the last week in his home town of Uvalde with the families of those who tragically lost their children in the Uvalde elementary school massacre on May 24. Speaking about the loss in the community, the Hollywood star hit down on the White House podium in frustration and anger. He showed pictures of the children's artwork and a pair of one girl's green Converse shoes, which had a small heart drawn on the right foot. Matthew explained the trainers helped to identify the girl's body after the shooting. Read More: Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting He raged: "We need responsible gun ownership. "We need background checks. We need to raise the minimum age to purchase an AR15 rifle to 21. "We need a waiting period for those rifles. We need red flag laws and consequences for those who abuse them." Matthew added: "These are reasonable, practical, tactical regulations to our nations, states, communities, schools and homes. In his almost 20-minute speech, he recounted stories and the wishes of the victims' parents. "You know what every one of these parents wanted, what they asked us for?" Matthew asked. "What every parent separately expressed in their own way to Camila and me? That they want their children's dreams to live on. "That they want their children's dreams to continue, to accomplish something after they are gone. They want to make their loss of life matter." DON’T MISS…Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in as Gloria 'absolutely devastated' over Jubilee pageant [LATEST]BBC Breakfast ‘lining up GB News host’ as possible Dan Walker replacement [LATEST]Rod Stewart 'disappointed' by Harry and Meghan's treatment of Queen [LATEST] He didn't say all guns had to be banned but insisted stricter laws need to be enforced and guidance needed to be available. "Responsible gun owners are fed up by the second amendment being abused and hijacked by some deranged individuals," Matthew fumed. The star, who now resides in Austin, Texas when he is not away filming, returned to his hometown three days after the shooting which left the 19 children and two adults dead. Not only was the shooting close to home, but his mother had also worked as a school teacher, making it even more touching for the actor.  He also penned a response to the horrific event in the Austin American-Statesman. It read: "I am a father, the son of a kindergarten teacher, and an American. I was also born in Uvalde, Texas." The Oscar winner continued: "There is no constitutional barrier to gun responsibility. "Keeping firearms out of the hands of dangerous people is not only the responsible thing to do, it is the best way to protect the Second Amendment. We can do both." 