We all enjoy a game of Wordle over our morning cup of tea or coffee, it's just a shame you only get one bite of the cherry to solve those puzzles. Fortunately, the popularity of Wordle has led to multiple clones appearing both online and the various mobile phone app stores. This includes a new multiplayer variant of Wordle, which can be downloaded for iPhone and Android devices right now. Word Fight is a two-player puzzle game, where each player aims to guess the mystery word in as few guesses as possible. "Challenge friends to see who can guess the mystery word the fastest," reads the official description. "Win your games to improve your rating - and see who comes out as the winner in the ultimate Word Fight!" As part of the game, you can challenge friends or strangers in bouts to crown the Word Fight champion. You can see the position of the letters your opponents have guessed correctly, or you can choose to see your opponent's words. It's a fun twist on the already excellent Wordle formula, and one that should go down well with the more competitive among you. You can download Word Fight for free from the iOS App Store and Google Play for Android. As for Wordle, the daily word game has become a worldwide phenomenon that has spawned a thousand clones. The game tasks players with figuring out a five letter word using the process of elimination. If the letter tile turns grey, the letter does not appear in the word you are guessing. If the tile turns yellow, the letter you guessed is in the word, just not in the correct position. If the tile turns green, the letter is in the word and in the right place. The app keeps track of your statistics, showing the number of correct answers you've managed, as well as your winning streak. If you fail to solve the puzzle, then you'll have to wait until the next day for a new Wordle to be released. You'll also lose the winning streak you worked so hard to build up. You can even make the game slightly more challenging, turning on hard mode for increased difficulty. In hard mode, you can't use incorrect letters twice in the same puzzle.