Putin has been at the centre of health rumours for 10 years, according to Professor of Political Science Gerhard Mangott. These include leukaemia, a brain tumour, thyroid cancer, Parkinson's disease and the consequences of a suspected assassination attempt in March. The Russian President was visibly shaking as he presented a medal at the weekend with speculation about his health intensifying since Russia invaded Ukraine on February 24. Professor Mangott said such rumours are above all spread by Western intelligence services with Ukraine's secret service SBU "presumably involved". Kyrylo Budanov, the head of the Main Directorate of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defence of Ukraine, told Ukrainian news outlet Pravda in May that Putin has "several illnesses". He told the outlet: "Yes, we fully confirm this information - that Putin has cancer.  "He has several serious illnesses, one of which is cancer. But it’s not worth hoping that Putin will die tomorrow. "He still has at least a few years left. Whether we like it or not, that’s the truth." Professor Mangott said that the health rumours in general are designed to sow uncertainty and unrest about the "controversial" Russian dictator, whose war in Ukraine is now in its fourth month. The professor, who teaches at Innsbruck's Institute for Political Science, explained that the rumours also prompt questions about Russia's future without Putin at the helm.  READ MORE ABOUT APPLEBY HORSE FAIR REVELLERS DESECRATING A MEMORIAL  He said: "In the midst of a serious crisis, confidence in the future is to be weakened. "For the camp of Putin's opponents, on the other hand, such rumours are small glimmers of hope that the tyrant will soon be no more and that Russia will steer into a new, better future. "But these rumours spread by secret services are of course not only meant to affect the Russian population." The speculation led Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov to play down any suggestion of ill health in a man who has taken pains to project a strongman image to the world.  DON'T MISS: Prince Andrew DEMANDS spotlight as William 'birthright' row deepens [LATEST] Meghan Markle and Prince Harry photo ban bitter pill to swallow' [REVEALED]Putin disaster as fighter jet destroyed 150 troops [REPORT] But high-level meetings between Putin, 69, and world leaders at opposite ends of a six metre-long table have led some to suggest he is ultra-careful about his health in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic. Mr Lavrov told French media outlet TF1: "You know, President Putin appears in public every day. You can see him on the screens, read his speeches, listen to his speeches.  "I don’t think sane people can discern any sort of symptom of disease in this man." Professor Mangott explained that the rumours which circulate in mainstream and social media lack evidence, but intelligence services have an interest in unsettling Russia's political elite, which is dominated by Putin. Russia's leader balances the country's numerous political factions whose members depend upon Putin for their influence and wealth. Professor Mangott, writing in German magazine Focus, continued: "If the ruler were to suddenly pass away, fierce battles would break out in this collective leadership over who should succeed Putin and who will keep or lose which advantages.  "Secret services therefore spread such rumours in order to spread unrest and uncertainty even among the Russian ruling elites. "Fracture lines in the leadership, succession struggles are to be fuelled by this." He conceded that Putin may in fact be terminally ill, concluding that he will "surely die - the only question is when". Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg 