As the cost of living crisis continues and energy bills rise, any extra cash could be vital for people on Universal Credit who are feeling the financial squeeze. New and existing claimants could be due a £156 per week cash boost if they qualify for Personal Independence Payments (PIP). On the Government website it states that people might get an extra amount of Universal Credit if they have a health condition or disability that prevents them from working or preparing for work. Their monthly payment is based on their circumstances, for example their health condition or disability, income and housing costs. The latest figures showed that three million people across the UK are claiming support through PIP with 35 percent of people receiving the highest level of award. What is PIP?PIP is a benefit administered by the Department for Work and Pensions for those over 16 and under state pension age. READ MORE: Dragons' Den: The 'biggest missed opportunity' - business now worth £240million  It is not a means tested benefit, so it doesn’t matter what someone’s income is, how much they have in savings, or whether they’re currently employed. To be eligible for PIP, people must have a health condition or disability where they: People will need an assessment to work out the level of financial help they will receive and their rate will be regularly reviewed to make sure they are getting the right support. PIP is made up of two components: Whether someone gets one or both of these and how much they get depends on how severely their condition affects them. Britons will be paid the following amounts per week depending on their circumstances:Daily livingStandard rate: £61.85Enhanced rate: £92.40 MobilityStandard rate: £24.45Enhanced rate: £64.50 People may get extra money for Universal Credit if a medical professional has said they might have 12 months or less to live. Claimants will be assessed by an independent healthcare professional to help the DWP determine the level of financial support, if any, that someone may need. Face-to-face assessments for health-related benefits, including PIP, are now offered by the DWP alongside telephone, video call and paper-based consultations. People can make a claim for PIP by contacted the DWP. More information can be found of the gov.uk website. Before calling, one will need: