Manchester United legend Gary Pallister has explained how his former club signing Tottenham Hotspur star Harry Kane would solve the problem of Cristiano Ronaldo not having a long-term future at Old Trafford. The Portuguese icon is 37 and despite scoring 18 Premier League goals last season, has just one year left on his contract at Old Trafford and may move elsewhere or even retire at the end of next season. United have been linked strongly with Benfica’s Darwin Nunez as a potential successor to Ronaldo, but appear to be behind Liverpool in the race for the Uruguayan striker and Pallister believes that Kane would “delight” the Old Trafford faithful. “We've been linked with him over the years,” the former United centre-back told Lord Ping. “Last year he didn't arrive at Manchester City. I was watching him against Germany, I think Gareth Southgate hit the nail on the head. “It's not just his goal scoring, his link-up play was exceptional, I saw him at Middlesborough in the FA Cup, I think he's exceptional. “I think he is the full package, whether he thinks there's a project at Tottenham under [Antonio] Conte, I don't know, he certainly wanted to leave last year. “If that kind of quality became available, he's a no-brainer for any club, he's proved it in the Premier League, national level, Europe, he scores goals. “You've got the Ronaldo conundrum, Cristiano can't go on forever, and Kane has at least four or five years left at the very top. If you can bring in someone like him, that would delight the fans as well.” There had been rumours of Ronaldo not suiting incoming manager Erik ten Hag’s style of play, but the Dutch boss has stated his desire to keep the five-time Ballon d’Or winner at the club. Kane was in the middle of last summer’s biggest Premier League transfer saga as he attempted to push through a move to United’s rivals, but Spurs chief Daniel Levy held firm and turned down advances from Pep Guardiola’s side, who have now signed Erling Haaland instead. Bayern Munich have reportedly enquired for the man who recently scored his 50th England goal in the 1-1 draw with Germany, but Kane appears more likely to stay in north London than he did last summer. "There is still a lot of work to do," Kane told Standard Sport. "I think the improvement has definitely been there since the gaffer came in to where we are now. "It shows it can be done in a short space of time, but obviously we will see what happens over the summer and look forward to the next season with a great manager. Hopefully we've learnt a lot since he's been here."