A television licence is needed by households to watch programming as it is being broadcast live. Furthermore, the licence fee is also required to stream live programming from services such as BBC iPlayer. Currently, the cost of the TV licence fee is £159 for a colour television and £79.50 for a black and white one. However, those of pension age may be able to claim a free licence if they meet certain qualifying criteria. Households are eligible for this “freebie” benefit if one of the occupiers is over 75 and in receipt of Pension Credit. Alternatively, if someone’s partner who lives in the same address is 75 or over and claiming Pension Credit, the whole household is eligible. In light of the cost of living crisis, many older households will be looking to see if they can reduce their expenses to address soaring energy and inflation costs. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum Anyone who is 74 or over and receiving the DWP benefit can sign in to their TV Licensing account apply for a free licence. People who believe they are eligible for a free licence but do not currently have one, can call 0300 790 6117. When calling this number, applicants can speak to one of TV Licensing’s advisors to request an application form. As it stands, application phone lines are open between 8.30am and 6.30pm, from Monday to Friday.  Once applications are received, the overall process can take a few weeks for Pension Credit claimants. If any issues arise with the application, TV Licensing will get in touch with applicants to inform them. It should be noted that there are different free licence plans in place for over 75s on the Isle of Man, the Bailiwick of Jersey and the Bailiwick of Guernsey. According to research carried out by Just Group, “freebie” benefits for pensioners such as the free TV licence are worth between £2.08 and £18.03 per week each. Examples of other “freebie” benefits include Winter Fuel Payments, free bus pass and free prescriptions. Stephen Lowe, group communications director at Just Group, shared how important these support schemes are to older people in the UK. Mr Lowe explained: “The social and cultural reference to ‘freebie’ benefits means nearly all over 65s know about them but their financial value is dwarfed by other benefits which are less well known. “The state pension alone will not provide a comfortable standard of living so checking your entitlement for other state benefits should be as much a part of planning for retirement as understanding what your private pension and other savings will provide.” Before claiming the free TV licence, households must also be in receipt of Pension Credit which can be applied for at gov.uk/pension-credit. Claimants can use the online Pension Credit calculator which will give insight into how much they will get. Applicants for Pension Credit can be done online or by calling 0800 99 1234 (opening hours 8.00am - 6.00pm). People who live in Northern Ireland should visit nidirect.gov.uk/pension-credit or call the Northern Ireland Pension Centre on 0808 100 6165.