The prospect of Romelu Lukaku returning to Inter Milan is fast becoming a reality, with the Belgian reportedly set to have a medical next week. Chelsea are prepared to lose a large sum of money following their failed transfer, but they could resolve some of their defensive issues by signing Denzel Dumfries in return. Chelsea are prepared to send Lukaku out on loan next season, with Inter ready to take back the star they sold for £97.5million last summer. Lukaku is that keen to leave London he is even ready to take a pay-cut, and with Chelsea willing to take a hit financially, they're doing their best to negotiate in other areas. One of these areas is defensively, and according to La Gazzetta Dello Sport, Inter will give Chelsea a discount on Dumfries in order to strengthen their grip on Lukaku. Inter value Dumfries at around £40m, but could let him go for less if it means Lukaku makes a return to Italy. And the report also states that the Belgian could be undergoing his medical as early as next week. JUST IN: Tuchel draws up three-man wishlist after Lukaku exit given greenlight Lukaku is eager to leave, and Chelsea are happy to cut ties with the Belgian, but with Inter strapped for cash it's meant that a loan deal is the best possible outcome. To try and raise some of the funds back, Chelsea initially asked for a loan fee of £21m. However, that is considerably more than Inter are willing to pay, and according to GOAL they only offered an initial £7m. Chelsea have halved their asking price and settled at £10m, which doesn't even cover the yearly instalments that they are still paying to Inter for the striker. DON'T MISS It may seem like a deal that's too good to be true for Inter, but there has been a compromise. There has been a lot of interest in the Inter back-line this season, with Ivan Perisic not extending his stay for a move to Tottenham, and Alessandro Bastoni has also been targeted. But Inter are willing to let Dumfries go as part of the deal, and will give Chelsea a discount on the £40m that they value him at. The Dutchman enjoyed a strong season at Inter, and he only signed last summer. After impressing for the Dutch national team, Inter paid £10m to PSV for the right-back and look set to triple that this summer if they settle on a reduced fee with Chelsea. The Dutchman is comfortable as a wing-back on either flank, which could be a huge help to Chelsea. Chelsea have already lost Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen on free deals this summer, and Cesar Azpilicueta could also leave the club. The Blues were rocked last season as both Ben Chilwell and Reece James were out injured, and now they have even less cover to deal with these instances should they arise. Dumfries isn't even enough for Chelsea, as they need a comfortable centre-back to cover for Rudiger's departure, but it's a start. And with James finding success in a right centre-back role towards the end of last season, Dumfries could be their starting wing-back. The signing would offer versatility and options, something that Chelsea didn't have available last season. Whereas Lukaku was consistently on the bench, and looks set to make way.