American President Joe Biden’s wife, Jill, is currently in Madrid, where she yesterday visited the Spanish Association Against Cancer headquarters. This was ahead of the NATO summit, taking place today. Jill visited the Spanish Association Against Cancer headquarters with Queen Letizia, and the two women looked elegant in their outfits. The President’s wife wore a red skirt suit, while Letizia donned a black and white spotty dress. After the visit, Jill was photographed on the streets of Madrid, seemingly out to do a little shopping. The 71-year-old looked ravishing in a summery dress and sandals. READ MORE: Meghan's 'firm' gesture to Harry - 'Signals of anxiety' Jill’s dress was pink and adorned with white and yellow flowers with green leaves. The garment had short sleeves and reached just below Jill’s knees. It was cinched at the waist with a fabric belt that matched the rest of the dress. Jill completed the look with navy-blue espadrille sandals.  As for accessories, she wore silver bangles, a gold wristwatch, and silver dangling earrings. She also made sure to don her dark sunglasses to shield her eyes from the strong Spanish sun. Jill’s bleach blonde locks were combed back in a half-up, half-down do, with her fringe falling over her forehead. Jill is a fan of floral dresses and, therefore, it is no surprise she chose one of her favourite designs for the trip to Madrid. One of her most notable floral dresses was a bodycon number by Italian luxury fashion brand Dolce and Gabbana. The 71-year-old wore the “Cady” floral dress in October 2020 during the last presidential debate between Joe Biden and Donal Trump. Costing $2,195, or £1,790, the dress was light blue with pink and green flowers. It had short sleeves, was made of a tight and stretchy material, and reached just above Jill’s knees. Yesterday, Jill spent the afternoon shopping in Madrid with her granddaughters Finnegan and Maisy. Today, the American First Lady will again join Queen Letizia to visit the Centre for Attention, Reception, and Referral of Ukranian Refugees. This will be before her husband, President Joe Biden, arrives this afternoon for the NATO meeting. He is currently at the G7 summit in Germany.