Ryanair crew strikes in Spain, Portugal and Belgium will see workers protest over pay and working conditions from today. While the airline has claimed that the industrial action will cause “minimal disruption” to its services, schedules are still being affected by the continual travel chaos at airports across the country. So what should you do if your Ryanair flight is cancelled? This is everything you need to know about re-booking or claiming a refund. A number of airlines, including easyJet, British Airways and Ryanair have had to cancel or reschedule flights over a shortage of staff at airports around the UK. If your Ryanair flight is cancelled or rescheduled, it is important to know what to do and what your rights are. The budget airline said: “We deeply regret the inconvenience of flight cancellations and we’ll try our best to minimise the impact of these disruptions. “If your flight is cancelled there are two options available to you to choose from. You can either apply for a refund or change your cancelled flight for free.” READ MORE: Cruise packing tips: 5 items you’re not allowed to take onboard Before applying for a refund or flight change, you will need to confirm that your journey has been cancelled. According to Ryanair, passengers will be notified “as soon as possible” via e-mail and or text message using the phone number entered at the time of booking. More information and updates on flight cancellations can be found on the airline’s website too. This can be done using the ‘live flight info’ link on the Ryanair help page here. As explained by citizen's advice, you have the legal right to get either: To claim a full refund for a cancelled flight, you should go directly through the airline. This can be done online using your MyRyanair account login details. Once you have followed the necessary steps to process the refund, you should expect your payment to be returned in the same form that was used to make the original booking.According to Ryanair, refunds will be processed within five working days. The airline said: “You will be entitled to a full refund of all amounts you have paid to us in connection with that flight, if: “We change the scheduled departure time by at least 5 hours. “This is unacceptable to you. “And we cannot book you on an alternative flight which is acceptable to you." DON'T MISS:Everywhere affected by Ryanair strikes this week [LATEST]Ryanair plane evacuated on runway as passengers complain of smell [INSIGHT]Ryanair emergency as flights nearly collide in Majorca [REVEAL] If your original flight is cancelled, you are entitled to swap your booking for another flight, though this is subject to seat availability. The easiest way to change your flight for free is to use the online system under ‘My Bookings’. To do this, you will need to login using your MyRyanair account details. While changing a flight is easy to do using the online process, there are certain rules you should know about booking onto an alternative journey. When it comes to booking onto an alternative route, Ryanair will first try to accommodate you on the next available flight on the same route. If there are no available flights on the same or next day, the airline will assess flights from/to other airports within the same country. If they are unable to re-book you on an alternative flight on the same or next day, then we will review other transport options. These options include, but are not limited to: Ryanair said: “If you must use the comparable transport options then you may be advised to re-book flights yourself, and then submit your receipts to our customer service department for reimbursement. “However, you must contact us prior to arranging alternative transport so we can try and accommodate you first.”