Nothing beats a fresh, fluffy and clean towel. But washing them can be a tricky task, especially if you have white, or another light colour, as stains can be more visible. Cleaning enthusiasts suggest using a hot setting on your washing machine, lots of detergents, and perhaps a chemical whitener to restore white towels to their former glory. But Lynsey Crombie, aka The Queen of Clean, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the most natural way to clean towels, and how stains can “fade away” without excessive washing. Lynsey recommends washing towels - especially hand towels - after every couple of uses as they pick up bacteria easily and can start to smell. They can all be washed together - bath and hand towels, bath mats, toilet mats. But don’t overload the washing machine drum else the items won’t get an even wash. Lynsey also suggests ditching fabric conditioner, in favour of white vinegar if you want to make the towels super soft. READ MORE: Toilet cleaning: How to remove limescale from toilets using 13p method The cleaning expert explains how the fabric conditioner will take away the absorbency and wear down the fibres in the towel, which can lead to shedding. For anyone with white towels looking to make them bright again, Lynsey said you just need one natural product. “Add in a big scoop of bicarbonate of soda to the drum when washing,” she said. Bicarbonate of soda eliminates odours, whitens your whites, and brightens your colours. DON'T MISS...How Meghan Markle showed ‘the world she was nervous’ [BODY LANGUAGE]Wetherspoons ex-employee on the menu items you should avoid [INSIDER]Best way to store bananas - perfectly yellow and edible for 15 days [HACK] It is also a natural softener and acts as a laundry booster. And what about removing any stains? Lynsey had a simple hack. She said: “Also when drying, I would recommend drying in sunlight as it can help stains fade away.” For extremely tough stains, Lynsey makes a spray solution. She mixes white vinegar, water and a drop of washing up liquid. She also suggests using a toothbrush to rub the stain rather than scrubbing it with a harsh brush. As for Lynsey’s general washing tips, she said: “I do not recommend overloading your drum as your clothes will not wash properly. “If you are a fan of using detergent pods ensure you pop these in before you add your laundry. “Use bicarb to whiten and use white vinegar to disinfect your laundry. “As soon as your washing machine is finished take out your laundry as leaving wet washing in the machine can cause laundry and your machine to smell. “Hang your clothes outside on the Vileda Supadry Hoist as the lines can easily be raised high into the breeze to quickly dry and freshen your laundry.”