BBC Breakfast's Nina Warhurst was forced to miss a charity event on Saturday because she spent five hours in A&E with her son. The presenter shared a snap of her son's arm in a cast as she gave an update on what had happened. In view of her 29,000 followers, Nina penned: "Supposed to be walking 26 miles for @alzheimerssoc today, but life took a different turn. "Five hours in A&E ain’t so bad when the paid staff are attentive, kind & keep you updated. He cried as we LEFT! "Thanks @WythenshaweHosp "(Ps thanks for sponsor I’ll do the miles somehow!)" (sic) READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen Nina later gave an update, sharing snaps of her son's cast covered in stickers. "Tbf walked close to this trying to locate cash, break a note* and escape the A&E car park," she tweeted. "*Thanks @marksandspencer for the compulsory purchase. Real classy." (sic) Worried fans were quick to reply to Nina's tweet, with Felicity Hannah commenting: "Oh no! Hope he’s doing okay x." (sic) Jennifer penned: "Oh poor thing, hope you get some sleep now." While Claire Hamilton added: "Oh no! Lots of love to you all." "Oh no, wishing him a speedy recovery," Michael Lowery tweeted. Tracy replied: "Hope the little fella is so on the mend." DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast viewers hit out over 'obsession' with Glastonbury [REACTION]'It's real' JB Gill speaks out on Jeremy Clarkson’s farming struggles [INSIGHT]Coronation Street fans predict twist for Sean after Frank exposed [SPOILERS] Nina started her career in 2005 as a news desk producer for Russia Today. Between 2007 and 2020 she worked as a reporter at The Guardian before going on to present at Olympic Broadcasting Services. Nina began her BBC career when she started working for BBC North in 2016. She also went on to become BBC Breakfast’s business reporter. However, she occasionally steps in to present the programme if another presenter is absent. Nina has also been a reporter for ITN and Channel 5. Nina, who is married to caterer Ted, often shares pictures of her family life on social media. The couple, who have two boys together first met in Croatia in 2013. The pair went on to tie the knot in March 2014. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.