McLaren driver Daniel Ricciardo appeared be sending a rather clear message when he wrote the letters 'FEA' on his helmet at the Monaco Grand Prix last weekend. However, the Australian has insisted the acronym was "honestly not directed at anyone" specifically. It seemed too big a coincidence the initials—believed to stand for "F*** 'em all"—appeared not long after McLaren boss Zak Brown raised doubts over Ricciardo's future in Woking. The former Red Bull driver has underwhelmed since joining McLaren in 2021, and the void between him and team-mate Lando Norris has increased under this year's new regulations. While Ricciardo is contracted with his current Formula 1 employers until the end of 2023, Brown recently commented there could be avenues to explore an early parting of ways. Many interpreted the driver's ensuing 'FEA' note as a note to his employers, but he shot down those suggestions in Monte Carlo. "I put it on my helmet in 2018 as well," Ricciardo told reporters after Saturday's qualifying in Monaco, nodding to his last year at Red Bull. "I like to use acronyms to pump me up. It’s honestly not directed at anyone, it’s something that I’ve said for a few years, and it just kind of gets me in my happy place. READ MORE Five hilarious Martin Brundle F1 grid walk moments as TV star celebrates birthday  "I think as well, as a driver, you put the helmet on and that’s also very significant of flipping the switch. It’s one of the last things I’ll see when I put the helmet on. So it reminds me to channel in and get into the zone." Ricciardo won the Italian Grand Prix at Monza in September 2021, but that stands out as his only podium finish in 29 race starts since joining McLaren last year. Partner Norris, meanwhile, has had five top-three finishes across the same span, although the 22-year-old is still waiting on his first Grand Prix victory. DON'T MISS Ferrari mentality questioned by F1 legend in Charles Leclerc and Max Verstappen battle George Russell has knocked Lewis Hamilton off his perch - champion is not the 'top dog' FIA axe head executive and appoint Toto Wolff's ex-special advisor amid F1 bosses' fury    Brown also recently remarked McLaren would love to see Ricciardo "much closer to Lando and have a good intra-team battle," citing the former's ongoing struggles with the MCL36's design. A 13th-place finish in Monaco—his fourth straight result outside the top 10—has left Ricciardo 11th in the drivers' standings. The Perth native has assured he "won’t go down without a fight" as he looks to regain a foothold among the F1 hierarchy. Ricciardo's battle for confidence may be complicated by tensions closer to home, however, as he falls under increasing pressure to perform.