This is of course true of the UK and US. Suez, Vietnam, Grenada and Israel to name but a few. Despite this, tensions have never boiled over beyond repair, our two nations have remained staunch allies and the so-called Special Relationship has endured. At the core of this understanding is the mutual acceptance that our alliance defends our interest in a free and open world order. For the first time, however, we face an unprecedented challenge to that relationship as anti-American sentiment grips the UK. Many senior UK politicians who would never dare criticise the barbaric acts committed by the Chinese do not spare a second thought before berating our American allies. Anti-Americanism has become acceptable in Britain. National campaigns have been set up to stop the import of American food. The post-Brexit saga over chlorinated chicken is one example of the mass hysteria peddled by people who should really know better. This is not wholly surprising when it comes from The Guardian but when a public broadcaster like the BBC adopts such a stance it is undignified and hugely damaging. During the Trump administration it was relentless, not just in demonising the Republicans but in mocking American voters for electing him. There is no doubt that today, anti-Americanism is more powerful in the UK than Anglophobia is in the US. It is no secret that the UK and US have had a long and complex relationship. US antipathy to the British Empire and the Commonwealth and its role in pushing the UK into the EEC in the interests of ensuring post-war Western unity against the USSR are two historical examples that have led to serious consequences for the UK – not least our dependence on the EU. However, there is little to be achieved by poring over this. Rather than looking back, we should look forward to the future of the Special Relationship.  A new report by the Centre for Brexit Policy, ‘Defining Britain’s Post-Brexit Role in the World’ launched last week calls on the Government to pursue “a mature UK-US special relationship, one that recognises the indispensability of our alliance… but also one which recognises that both partners have other friends and interests in the world, and that fostering those partnerships actually serves the health of the special relationship by preventing from trying to be the be all and end all of policy.” The paper, written by more than twenty foreign policy experts, politicians and academics from across the globe, is the first deep dive into what an ambitious and open UK foreign policy should do now that we are a free and sovereign nation. It takes apart the myth that the strength of the Special Relationship is dependent on our political leaders. While it is true that personalities are important – Regan and Thatcher, Churchill and Roosevelt – the enduring bonds are built by individuals and businesses not administrations. Look at the way Wall Street and the City work together, how law firms are now trans-Atlantic, how we share popular culture, news and sport. Not to mention the closeness of our defence, intelligence and security. We do not share such a close relationship with any other nation. It isn’t images on our televisions of President Biden and the Prime Minister shaking hands that will achieve a longer and deeper relationship between our two nations, it is having a low tax, small state Britain that will lead to a far stronger Special Relationship by driving further business and trade opportunities between the two nations. Our membership of the EU stopped us from pursuing a free trade agreement with the US – something which has cost consumers and businesses on both sides of the Atlantic dearly. This is something that post-Brexit Britain must put firmly in its sights.  A deal in services would bring huge financial gains and safeguard the UK from falling back into EU submission. It would present a credible alternative to the EU’s vision of “free trade”. Although negotiations may have slowed under the Biden Administration, the November mid-terms may offer an opportunity to expediate this issue if the Republicans take control of the House and Senate. The UK’s exit from the EU was a seismic political event. Britain is finally free to pursue its own foreign policy once again. We should seize the opportunities we have been gifted by Brexit and reinvent ourselves on the global stage. Setting out what we will do to tackle hostile states such as North Korea, Russia, China and Iran is vital. But we must not forget to address how we can further develop relations with our allies. The US is a crucial ally and the British establishment should be reminded that America is a friend, not a dirty word. *Matt Walsh is the CEO of Media Intelligence Partners 