Currently, inflation stands at nine percent in the UK but is forecast to jump to 10 percent sometime later in the year. As a result, households are experiencing a price hike on their groceries and utilities to levels which have not been seen for quite some time. This is having a knock-on effect on savings as people are a lot less likely to put money away if they need it for the here and now. In light of the cost of living crisis, the Bank of England’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) hiked the base rate to one percent. Criticism has been directed at high street banks and building societies for not passing down this rate rise to their customers when it comes to their savings and ISA products. While recent rate hikes from Santander and Nationwide have been welcome, many believe they have come far and few in between. With the continuing increase to the inflation rate, some experts believe inflation is hurting people's ability to save. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum Laura Suter, AJ Bell’s head of personal finance, outlined the extent to which savers are “still losing a lot of money to inflation”. According to the financial excerpts, some savings accounts are only acquiring £15 a year in interest due to the shock of inflation. Ms Suter explained: “Savers are being better rewarded for their efforts – although only marginally – with interest rates rising in April. “With a top-rate easy access account of 1.5 percent at the moment, savers could earn 10 times the interest just for switching. “The reality is that even at 1.5 percent you’re still losing a lot of money to inflation each year. “At current inflation of nine percent that’s a loss of £750 a year in spending power for someone with £10,000 saved.” Furthermore, the financial expert noted that households have had to rely on using credit cards to survive the continuing cost of living crisis. She added: “Brits borrowed another £1.4billion in April to help keep themselves afloat during the cost of living crisis. “It marks the third consecutive month where borrowing has been higher than £1billion. “Another £700million was borrowed on credit cards in April, an 11.6 percent rise in consumer credit – its highest level in more than 16 years, since November 2005. “As a nation we’ve now put more than £3billion on credit cards in the past three months, and another £1.6billion on other forms of credit, including personal loans and car finance.” However, Ms Suter noted that interest rates on credit cards have not risen recently despite previous intervention from the Bank of England. “However, some solace for those having to turn to debt is that interest rates haven’t shot up, despite the Bank of England base rate rising,” she said. “Average interest rates on personal loans and credit cards rose in April but are still below pre-pandemic levels. “In reality, those with the lowest credit ratings will be paying far higher rates for their borrowing.”