Richard Osman has a very simple weight loss tip he's used in the past and it's one of his favourite methods. He revealed all he does is give up one particular item. Writing on his Twitter account, he shared: "Whenever I want to lose weight, the first thing I do is give up Diet Coke." This surprised a number of fans at the time, as many make the switch to Diet Coke when starting a diet because it's zero-sugar. Others agreed with his decision, but can diet fizzy drinks hinder weight loss progress? Research over the years has found artificial sweeteners concentrated in diet beverages may lead to increased hunger and enhance cravings for higher calorie foods. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Experts suggest that drinking diet soda "fools" the body into expecting sugar and therefore changes the way it metabolises those other calories. Because it doesn't contain real sugar or calories, it's instead laden with a lot of additives and artificial ingredients. These "unnatural chemicals" can cause the body to crave more high-calorie and sugar-laden foods. Artificially sweetened drinks may also interfere with weight regulation mechanisms, disturb gut bacteria balance and alter blood sugar regulation, according to Healthline. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] A number of studies into weight loss techniques have shown there is not a link between this and diet fizzy drinks. 51-year-old Richard appears to be leading a healthy lifestyle, however he has said that food was an issue for him in the past. The presenter revealed he suffered with compulsive eating since the age of nine. Speaking on BBC Radio 4's Desert Island Discs, he told host Laverne: "There hasn’t been a day of my life since the age of nine where I haven’t thought about problems with food and how it affects me. And it will be with me for the rest of my life, I know that. "I’m either controlling it or not controlling it at any given time, and these days I control it more often than I don’t." Bouts of compulsive eating can lead to significant weight gain over time, and research has found that eating food that is rich in sugar, salt or fat releases dopamine in the brain, similar to most addictive drugs. These bouts can ultimately lead to changes in the chemicals present in your brain, according to the Food Addiction Institute. People who do compulsively overeat may use food as their only way of coping with negative emotions, and as a result, they often feel that their eating is out of control. "That’s very different from what someone feels after, say, eating a big Thanksgiving meal,” dietician Michelle May made clear. "You might feel full, and you might regret having had that last slice of pie, but you’re not consumed with shame." If you or someone you know is suffering with an eating disorder and needs help and advice, visit Seed's website for more information.