For the first time, the three children of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have taken part in the carriage drive leading up to Horse Guards Parade. Cheers went up from thousands of spectators on The Mall as they caught sight of Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis with proud mother Kate and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall. The children smiled and waved enthusiastically at the crowds of adoring fans, with Prince Louis the youngest in the middle of his older siblings. Prince George and his siblings Charlotte and Louis were also spotted paying their respect to the Colour of the Irish Guards as they mimicked their mother to bow their heads in tribute as they passed the Colour on their way to the Horse Guards parade. At one point, video footage shows the moment Princess Charlotte stopped her little brother Prince Louis from waving enthusiastically. This debut marks an important milestone for George, eight, Charlotte, seven, and Louis, four, as it highlights their parents are slowly but surely introducing them to royal duties. The carriage drive took the adorable royals to Horse Guards Parade, where they joined other members of the Royal Family, including Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, and Prince Harry. Together they watched the parade from the Major General’s Office. Charlotte, George and Louis will later step onto the Buckingham Palace balcony together, joining the Queen and all the full-time working royals supporting her. The little Cambridges' participation in the carriage drive had been rumoured in the past few weeks, with some royal watchers pointing out Prince William had made his debut at this traditional event when he was Prince Louis's age.  READ MORE: Camilla stuns in blue at Trooping the Colour The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have made a few key public appearances over the past few months with their eldest son and daughter. In March, Charlotte and George accompanied Kate and William to Westminster Abbey to attend the memorial service for Prince Philip. The little royals were praised for looking natural as they shook hands and exchanged a few words with the clergymen lined up to welcome the guests prior to the event. In April, the two children also attended the Easter Sunday service at St George's Chapel alongside other members of the Royal Family, including Sophie, Countess of Wessex, Zara Tindall and the Gloucesters. Given his age, Prince Louis has attended fewer major events.  DON'T MISS Trooping the Colour: Met Police scramble to remove protesters [VIDEO]Kate Middleton dazzles in white for Trooping the Colour - 'Stunning' [PICTURES]Sophie Wessex beautiful in pink as she arrives at Buckingham Palace [INFO] During Trooping the Colour 2019, he made his debut on the Palace balcony. In December 2020, he walked down the red carpet at the London Palladium alongside his family and was among the spectators of a special panto performance dedicated to frontline workers. The traditional carriage procession left Buckingham Palace ahead of Trooping the Colour, also known as the Birthday Parade - the start of four days of festivities honouring the Queen. The nation is embracing the special extended bank holiday weekend of pomp, pageantry and star-studded festivities, which will see celebrities and the public gather in their millions in tribute to the monarch. Thousands of wellwishers draped in Union flags, party hats and plastic tiaras flocked to central London for the Trooping spectacle. The young Cambridges and the duchesses' carriage, known as a barouche, was followed by another carrying the Earl and Countess of Wessex and their children Lady Louise Mountbatten Windsor and Viscount Severn. George, Charlotte and Louis smiled and waved enthusiastically as they sat in a row, with Louis the youngest in the middle of his older siblings. The Duke and Duchess of Gloucester and the Princess Royal's husband Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence processed in the final carriage. On horseback at the rear in their uniforms were the Prince of Wales, the Duke of Cambridge and the Princess Royal, resplendent in their military regalia - including their new Platinum Jubilee medals. The Queen, meanwhile, was watching from Buckingham Palace, waiting to take a salute from the balcony accompanied by her cousin the Duke of Kent, Colonel of the Scots Guards, when the Household Cavalry Mounted Regiment and the Guards make their way back from the parade ground.