Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, 74, stepped out in Rwanda today after arriving in the country last night. The royal wore a black and white floral dress that she has worn for many years. She wore it on a trip to Wales in 2021, and also to Royal Ascot that same year.  Camilla wore a powerful pair of sunglasses to tie her outfit together today. She could also be seen wearing her pearl earrings, which she usually clips onto her unpierced ears for royal engagements. For the rest of her accessories, Camilla could be seen wearing her constellation necklace. This could be as we are entering the Cancer season, which is the Duchess' star sign.  The bracelet Camilla can been seen wearing is ger Van Cleef and Arpels bracelet, featuring blue leaf-like charms on a gold bracelet. The 'Vintage Alhambra yellow-gold agate bracelet' sells for a whopping £3,950. She could also be seen wearing her art deco style engagement ring. Charlotte White, head of design at Europe's largest online diamond jeweller 77 Diamonds, previously spoke to Express.co.uk about Camilla’s engagement ring, and its sentimental value.   Charlotte said: "When Prince Charles got down on one knee and asked Camilla to marry him in 2005, he did so with a clean, contemporary, magnificent diamond engagement ring. “More reminiscent of the geometric bold lines favoured by today's young fashionistas, in contrast to, for example, the classic and opulent oval and diamond halo of Princess Diana's sapphire ring, it was passed down to him from the Queen Mother, who was first pictured wearing it in the 1980s. “Although the royal household has never divulged its date of creation or why it was commissioned, they have called it a family heirloom, implying a certain depth of history. “Some speculate that the ring was in fact made to celebrate Queen Elizabeth II's birth in 1926.  “The ring itself is an art-deco piece and features five carats of emerald-cut diamonds. “Emerald cut diamonds are a rectangular shape with cropped corners and also have a step cut, which comprise facets arranged as parallel lines on all four sides, creating what diamond industry insiders call a hall of mirrors effect as the light ripples over the glittering stone." For footwear Camilla wore a pair of nide kitten heel shoes. The Duchess is known to be a lover of kitten heels, previously opening up about the pain high heels would cause her on royal engagements.   Today was a poignant visit for Camilla and Prince Charles. The couple shook hands with survivors during a visit to the Kigali Memorial for Victims of the 1994 Rwandan genocide. Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall visited a church outside the capital Kigali where the remains of victims are buried.