Manchester United have responded to Liverpool's deal with Darwin Nunez by prioritising the signing of a midfielder, according to reports. United are also interested in Nunez but are not willing to battle with Liverpool, and manager Erik ten Hag will instead look to make a midfielder his first signing. Ten Hag has a big job on his hands rebuilding the Red Devils squad this summer. He is aiming to improve in all areas of the pitch at Old Trafford. Benfica star Nunez is attracting strong interest from clubs in Europe after he enjoyed the best season of his career last term. United are interested but The Athletic says Liverpool have struck a deal on personal terms with the player. A fee is yet to be agreed with Benfica but United have noted Liverpool's progress on the deal. ESPN says they do not want to engage in a battle with their rivals and instead will prioritise a midfielder signing. READ MORE: Liverpool sent Harry Kane transfer message after 'insulting' Sadio Mane offer  United have lost Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic at the end of their contracts. Therefore there is a need for adding numbers in the middle of the park. Barcelona's Frenkie de Jong remains a top target and United are still attempting to persuade the Dutchman to sign. Barca are willing to sell De Jong for a fee of around £70million. ESPN says West Ham and England star Declan Rice also remains a target for United but the asking price of over £100m has led the club to pursue De Jong instead. De Jong knows Ten Hag, having played under him at previous club Ajax. United will still look to strengthen up front this summer. Cristiano Ronaldo will turn 38 midway through next season, while Edinson Cavani has left at the end of his contract. DON'T MISSArteta makes Saliba stance clear as hint given over Arsenal role [REPORT]Leeds summer spending to reach £43.5m as Orta 'accelerates' third signing [TRANSFERS]Man Utd boss Ten Hag 'interested' in surprise left-field Brighton transfer [RUMOUR]  However, it appears they look set to allow Liverpool to sign the Uruguay international. ESPN says United were quoted a price of £100m to sign Nunez, which they feel was too much for the 22-year-old. The report adds Liverpool's pursuit of the player will also depend on Benfica reducing their asking price. The Reds are looking to recruit attacking players, with Sadio Mane wanting to leave this summer. Bayern Munich have already seen an offer for Mane rejected. Liverpool want £40m for the Senegal international.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here