Everton have been tipped to sign Chelsea duo Armando Broja and Conor Gallagher this summer - and their manager Frank Lampard is said to be key to the transfer swoop. Lampard spent 13 years as a player at Stamford Bridge, before later returning to the club for an 18-month stint as manager. Broja enjoyed a successful loan spell with Southampton last season and became a regular starter for Ralph Hasenhuttl’s team. The 20-year-old, who born in Slough but has 12 caps for Albania, found the back of the net six times in 32 Premier League appearances. Gallagher, meanwhile, was one of the form players in the Premier League during the early stages of the last campaign after joining Crystal Palace for a year. The 22-year-old was instrumental as the Eagles excelled under Patrick Vieira and he finished the season with eight top-flight goals and three assists to his name. Broja and Gallagher have both returned to Stamford Bridge and will be given an opportunity to impress during pre-season. But Everton are said to be keen to sign them - and journalist Pete O’Rourke believes the pull of Lampard could come into the players’ thinking. READ MORE: Liverpool's new incentive to seal £38.3m transfer as Mane replacement “It might give them an edge [having Lampard],” O’Rourke said to GiveMeSport. “If both of those players were to leave Chelsea, maybe he could persuade them to move to Everton. And they’d be two massive signings if Everton were to get them.” Broja has been linked with a whole host of Premier League clubs, with Southampton said to be keen to sign him permanently, while Arsenal, West Ham, Newcastle, Nottingham Forest, Wolves and Leeds have also reportedly shown an interest. And Gallagher, who made his England debut last November, is reportedly attracting interest from West Ham as well as the Toffees. And Palace also want to sign him on a permanent deal.  If the duo do opt to leave west London in the coming months, they will have to be certain their careers will advance as a result. But they might first be keen to see whether they can stake a claim for a regular first-team place at Chelsea. “They will come back, for sure, because they are our players,” Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel said last month as he discussed the futures of the talented pair. “When we [send] them on loan, we do this for them but also for us - to have better players, more experienced players back. “They are our players and I want to have them in pre-season and in pre-season we will decide what’s going on. It’s heavily linked to them, how they integrate and what they do and what our ideas are for them and what they want to reach.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here