  Jay Blades’ fiancée Lisa Zbozen made an honest admission as she paid a loving tribute to their relationship on Instagram yesterday. The Repair Shop star announced his engagement to Lisa just before Christmas last year.      Lisa, 41, shared a sweet snap of herself and Jay, 52, as she discussed their relationship in view of her 119,000 Instagram followers. The fitness trainer penned: “I just wanted to take a minute to dedicate this post to my love. “The very first time I met him, I said: ‘I’m going to marry that man.’ “Thank you for challenging me to be better everyday.” READ MORE: Elton John ‘booed by crowd’ at farewell tour after Newcastle quip    Lisa continued: “I’m not perfect by a long way, but working together, we make it as perfect as it could be. “I love you completely, Tiny,” she added with a love heart emoji. Friends of the WKOUT founder took to the comments section to share their well wishes. Mistry.ila wrote: “I’m so happy for you! Both of you deserve all the happiness in the world!”      “So happy, you’re happy!!” added Gav Foster. Angela commented: “Said the same of my husband. When you know, you know. “So awesome that you found your person!” Sylvie wrote: “Wow Lisa, seeing you so happy is tremendously awesome. READ MORE... Denise Welch details son Matty’s reaction to her ‘guilt and shame' [INSIGHT] Lorraine Kelly admits struggling to watch Piers Morgan's new show [UPDATE]  Eamonn Holmes admits he annoyed his father over childhood challenge [NEWS]     “He looks a nice man. Congratulations Lisa! All the best always for you…” (sic) Jay revealed he and Lisa had got engaged on Christmas Eve last year. The Repair Shop star told fans at the time: “Good afternoon all. Lunchtime Treat. “It gives me great pleasure to announce that I got engaged to @lisamariezbozen.      “We wanted to share this news with you as we are very happy & hope to bring the same happiness your way. Ring designed by me & made by @rtfj.” Ring creator and The Repair Shop co-star Richard Talman wrote: “It was a real honour to make this engagement ring for another one of my #repairshop family! “Congratulations to Lisa @lisamariezbozen & Jay @jaybladesmbe on your engagement!” Jay was previously married to his ex-wife Jade who he shares three children with. The pair met at university, but he left their family home over six years ago when their marriage broke down.  