 UPDATE 5: In one of the more surprising announcements during the event, Microsoft confirmed that the Persona series will be coming to Xbox. This includes Persona 5 Royal, Persona 4 Golden and Persona 3 Portable. It begins with Persona 5 on October 21. Hideo Kojima also appeared during the event, confirming earlier reports that he will partner with Microsoft to release an unannounced new title. UPDATE 4: The Xbox and Bethesda Showcase shows no signs of slowing down, as Diablo 4 appears during the event. Diablo 4 was given a 2023 release date on Xbox, PC and PlayStation consoles. Blizzard also unveiled a new character class, as the Necromancer joins the line-up. This was followed with a look at stunning Xbox Series X gameplay, and confirmation that cross-platform play will be supported. The Diablo sequel will feature an open-world for players to explore, as well as nearly 150 dungeons and extensive character customisation. Players can take part in random world events, and also create towns by clearing out demons in certain areas. UPDATE 3: Microsoft's blockbuster event continued with hit after hit, including word on the next Ark Survival Evolved game. Ark 2 was announced for 2023, and will be available on Game Pass. Elsewhere, it was announced that the new Forza Horizon 5 Hot Wheels expansion will launch in July, while Scorn is coming in October. Fans were also given a look at Minecraft Legends, which is a Minecraft Dungeons sequel launching next year. UPDATE 2: After announcing a new Forza Motorsport, showing gameplay for Redfall, A Plague Tale: Requiem and Hollow Knight Silksong, the Xbox and Bethesda Showcase continued with a look at Microsoft Flight Simulator, which is getting a new update. To celebrate the series' 40th anniversary, the update adds helicopters, gliders and new aircraft. It will be available this November. Halo Infinite content is also coming to Microsoft Flight Simulator as part of a free update later today. This was followed by the blockbuster announcement that Overwatch 2 is launching in Early Access as a free-to-play title on October 4. New Overwatch characters include Meri, Geiger and The Junker King. UPDATE: The Xbox and Bethesda Showcase opened with a look at Redfall. Backing up Microsoft's earlier comments, the Redfall preview was packed full of gameplay footage, showcasing the team-based first-person shooter action. Viewers were also given a look at some of the special abilities. It concluded with confirmation that Redfall will launch in 2023. Hollow Knight Silksong was up next, as Microsoft showcased actual gameplay footage. In news sure to please Xbox fans, Silksong will be available on Game Pass at launch. High on Life was announced for this October, as Microsoft unveiled gameplay footage for the cartoonish shooter. A plague Tale: Requiem was given a 2022 release date, while Forza Motorsport was announced with a 2023 release date. ORIGINAL: After last week's Summer Games Fest live broadcast and Sony's recent State of Play event, it's Microsoft and Bethesda's turn to wow gamers with a whole host of new announcements and gameplay reveals for Xbox consoles and PC. Taking place at 6pm BST UK time on June 12, the Xbox and Bethesda Showcase will be broadcast live on all of the usual platforms, including Twitch, Facebook, YouTube and Twitter. You can also watch the broadcast right here, by clicking play on the YouTube embed below. The event is expected to last for around 90 minutes, which shouldn't come as too much of a surprise given all of the studios Microsoft has acquired over the past few years. This includes Bethesda, which is expected to showcase at least two of its upcoming games during the event. Most notably this includes Starfield, which is being developed by the team behind games such as Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim and Fallout 4. "In this next generation role-playing game set amongst the stars, create any character you want and explore with unparalleled freedom as you embark on an epic journey to answer humanity’s greatest mystery," reads the official Starfield description. Redfall has also been confirmed for the event, while there's speculation that Deathloop and Ghostwire Tokyo will be handed Xbox release dates. Other games tipped to appear include the new Forza Motorsport title, which will shift the action away from Horizon's open-world and back to real-life and fictional circuits. Hellblade 2 has been a fixture of recent Xbox broadcasts, so there's a very good chance the Ninja Theory action game will make another appearance during the showcase. That's on top of Xbox exclusives like State of Decay 3, not to mention new announcements for Halo Infinite and Forza Horizon 5 DLC. There are even reports that a remastered version of Goldeneye 007 will not only be announced during the event, but will launch shortly after. If you want even more news about the games featured in the Microsoft and Bethesda showcase, an extended edition will be held just a few days later on June 14. "Stay tuned for the Xbox Games Showcase Extended on June 14th at 6pm BST where we will share new trailers, take deeper looks at the news from the Xbox and Bethesda Games Showcase and speak with some of your favourite game creators." Express Online will keep this story updated with the biggest announcements as they happen.