Emmerdale star Natalie Anderson, 40, renewed her wedding vows in a secret ceremony that even her husband, James Shepherd, knew nothing about. James was unaware of the surprise Natalie had prepared for him until the day it was taking place during their idyllic trip to the Maldives. To make the ceremony even more special, it was held just days before the couple’s wedding anniversary. The pair were joined by their nine-year-old son, Freddie, who gave his dad a special letter inviting him to his own vow renewal. The letter read: “I love you and if you'd like to do the same, please meet me at the beach…” Natalie admitted she was surprised James did not find out sooner as she branded the “intimate” ceremony “magical”. She said: “How James didn't know is beyond me, it was so magical and so intimate with it just being the three of us.” The Hollyoaks star added in an interview with Hello! magazine: "It was absolutely perfect and all I dreamt it would be.” The couple re-promised themselves to each other on May 28 ahead of their anniversary on June 6. For the special occasion, Natalie donned a stunning dress by Dutch bridal designer Modeca. She said of the design: “I knew I wanted something that was simple, that I could wear without shoes, that was beachy with a lovely silhouette and just different to my wedding dress.” Natalie married James at a ceremony in Harrogate, North Yorkshire, back on June 6 2008. James and Natalie then welcomed their son Freddie into the world on August 1 2012. Due to her trip, Natalie was forced to miss the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations taking place in the UK over the past weekend. DON'T MISS...James Whale throws Lizzie Cundy off TalkTV for blasting Meghan Markle [LATEST]Piers Morgan's fresh jibe to Gary Lineker at Platinum Jubilee [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis' wife posts update from Jubilee pageant after accident [UPDATE] However, the actress paid tribute to Her Majesty in a heartfelt post shared with her 109,000 Instagram followers. She uploaded a video segment that sees the Queen sitting down for afternoon tea with Paddington Bear. Along with the clip, Natalie wrote a caption commending the Monarch for taking part in the skit, as she admitted she had been unable to contain her emotion. She penned: “1000 of miles away……woke up to this and not gona lie, shed a tear or two. “As Fred said….Mum it’s your two favourites! Very true!! “How absolutely wonderful of our Queen to do this AND she was bloody amazing! Feeling very proud this morning.” (sic) Natalie added: “Thank you Your Majesty looks like it was one hell of a party at the palace! “And thank you @jennifalconer for sharing.#platinumjubilee #queenelizabeth #paddington #hrh #greatbritain”