Prince Charles could be seen singing and bouncing Prince Louis as the young boy kept his eyes focused on the entertainers passing in front of the royal box. The youngest son of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge had only minutes before left the box to have a bit of a walk around as his siblings and cousins enjoyed the performance at the People's Pageant. Grandad Charles showed off his grandfatherly side by joining in efforts by Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge to keep Louis focused, popping him onto his knees and bouncing him to the rhythm of the Caraibic tunes being performed at the time.  Kate was seen stroking Louis's shoulder before he got out of his seat and walked to his left. Prince Louis' eldest cousins Savannah Phillips and Mia Tindall also attempted to keep the 4-year-old royal focussed on the pageant, pointing at performers passing them by and having a chat with him. Mike Tindall also kept his eye on the royal from his second-row seat behind Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, and her youngest son. Mike gestured and pointed to his eyes that he was keeping watch over him, as Kate chuckled at their interaction. JUST IN: 'Would have given right arm!' Royalist fury as scores of seats EMPTY for Queen's pageant The Prince of Wales' official Twitter page shared a snap of the sweet moment Charles shared with his grandson. The caption read: "We hope you’re enjoying watching the #PlatinumJubileePageant as much as we are!" Royal watcher @Carlabela1 said: "hat was a joy to see Prince Charles having fun with Louis." @ElaineL13139414 added: "Such a proud grand papa, little prince Louis is a lucky boy." READ MORE: Queen RETURNS! Monarch makes historic balcony appearance in glorious end to Jubilee Mia Tindall sat on her father Mike's lap at one point in the concert, while Lena Tindall sat on her cousin Savannah Phillips's lap. Meanwhile, the Princess Royal sat and clapped along to Kool & The Gang's Celebration. The prince had delighted royal fans by stealing the show on the balcony on Thursday after Trooping the Colour. All attending members of the Royal Family appeared to be thoroughly enjoying the show, with the Prince of Wales repeatedly potted having a laugh as he chatted with his wife Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall, and sister Princess Anne. DON'T MISS Zara Tindall stuns in £680 floral dress and £189 sunglasses [REVEAL]Princess Charlotte to the rescue as she helps Lena Tindall - VIDEO [SPOTLIGHT]Joan Collins pays tribute to Queen as she shares fondest memory [NEWS]  At the end of the carnival, the Prince of Wales joined the Queen on Buckingham Palace's balcony alongside Camilla as well as Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge with their children. The 96-year-old monarch had withdrawn from several events during the Platinum Jubilee due to "episodic mobility issues". Her Majesty was greeted by huge cheers, trumpets, and a rendition of the national anthem before retreating inside. The cast of "Mamma Mia" then delighted the thrilled crowd with a performance of "Dancing Queen" on a stage outside the palace.