The Outlaws has been away from BBC One for less than a year but series two is already on its way. Following on from the dramatic first season finale, The Outlaws follows what the community service group get up to next. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the cast of The Outlaws. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Outlaws. Greg is the recently divorced lawyer who found himself doing community payback after getting up to no good in a car park. He is played by actor and The Outlaws' co-writer Stephen Merchant who has been in shows such as The Office, Extras, Life's Too Short and Dream Corp LLC. One of his latest roles was a real-life serial killer Stephen Port in the BBC drama Four Lives. Joining the cast of The Outlaws for season two is actress Julia Davis as a character called Rita. Little is known about her character so far, apart from the fact she is the head of human resources at Greg's company. Actress Davis famously played Dawn Sutcliffe in the hit sitcom Gavin and Stacey. She has also been in It's Kevin, Nighty Night, Big Train, Love Actually and A Very British Scandal. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Kim Tate murders Will Taylor over deadly secret  Frank is a small-time crook who has travelled the world but after getting caught passing on counterfeit cheques, he is forced to do community service. Not only that, Frank must move in with his daughter whom he abandoned years ago. Award-winning actor Christopher Walken has appeared in more than 100 films and television shows. Some of his most popular have been The Dogs of War, The Dead Zone, Annie Hall and The Deer Hunter. Myrna has strong left-wing political values and, as a result, is often at loggerheads with the far more right-winged group member John. Actress Clare Perkins is probably best recognised for playing Denise Boulter in Family Affairs and Ava Hartman in EastEnders.     Lady Gabriella Penrose-Howe doesn't fit in with the rest of the crowd and is someone with a chic Clifton apartment, more than one million followers on social media and money to spend however she wishes. But after being arrested for drink-driving and vandalising her ex-boyfriend's car, Gabby is forced to take another look at her life. Actress Eleanor Tomlinson portrayed Demelza for four years in BBC's Poldark, as well as starred in The Nevers, Intergalactic, The White Queen and Jack the Giant Slayer. John has always considered himself a pillar of the community so when he finds himself among criminals, he takes out his disgust on his fellow workers. Actor Darren Boyd has been in series such as Fortitude, The Salisbury Poisonings Killing Eve and won a BAFTA Award for his part in Sky One drama Spy. DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom's Alexander Dreymon admits he wasn't 'devastated' [REACTION]Is Romesh Ranganathan's new series Avoidance based on his real life? [EXPLAINER]Mrs Brown's Boys star shares why 2022 series was cancelled [CAST]   Brought up by an overprotective family, Rani knew little of the real world and was set to attend Oxford University. This was until her shoplifting habit got the better of her and she was caught, much to the shame of her parents. Actress Rhianne Barreto is relatively new to the entertainment industry with just a few credits under her belt. These include Dixi, Hanna, Isolation Stories, ITV's Honour and the film Share.  Ben was accused of shooting Spider in the first series but thanks to help from the other group members, he was let off without further investigation. Actor Gamba Cole has also only appeared in a few films and shows since his career launched in 2013. Some of which include Gone Too Far, Lucky Man, Hanna, His House, The Protégé and A Discovery of Witches. The Outlaws season 2 will premiere on Sunday, June 5, at 9pm on BBC One.  