A plume of hot air from Spain meant some areas of the UK ­sizzled at 90F (32C) and were warmer than Jamaica and the Maldives at 88. Heathrow broke into the 90s on the hottest day of the year so far, while Norwich baked at 88F and Manchester and Cardiff at 80F. But Scotland’s second city Glasgow managed just 56F. Sun worshippers wasted no time in making a beeline for the coast before thunderstorms sweep in from the north west tomorrow. Bournemouth beach in Dorset was packed out with visitors, and there were similar scenes at Brighton, Southend and Blackpool. Conditions hit the right note for revellers at the Isle of Wight music festival and, as the mercury soared, those living and working nearby cooled off in the rooftop pool at Covent Garden’s Oasis Sports Centre in central London. Not to be outdone, Nobby the polar bear took a dip at Yorkshire Wildlife Park in Doncaster. And human paddleboarders Toni and Maxine showed off their skills at Blaenavon, south Wales. Meanwhile, at a comparatively cool Tynemouth beach on Tyneside, at 77F (25C), visitors could pick their spot on peaceful sands. Met Office spokesman Stephen Dixon said the heatwave will hang around for most of the weekend on the south coast. But a cold front will bring a “drop in temperatures” and a “spell of some rain” for central England and Wales today. He said: “The far south coast of England will hold on to the highest temperatures the longest, possibly up to 31 degrees.” There were health warnings for some parts of the country, although conditions were not as alarming as the emergency on the continent. The sweltering spell is being caused by high pressure and roasting 104F air being dragged in from Spain and Mediterranean neighbours Portugal. Spain was heading for its highest June temperatures in four decades ­yesterday, while parts of France banned outdoor events because of the heat. The UK Health Security Agency and the Met Office issued a Level Three Heat-Health alert for London, the East of England and the South East and it remains in place until midnight today. Health chiefs also advised people to check in on their elderly and vulnerable neighbours. Dr Lynn Thomas, medical director for St John Ambulance, said: “We want everyone to enjoy themselves this weekend, but also to take extra care in the warm weather and look after one another. “If you’re out and about in the sunshine, it’s important to make sure you look after yourself by staying hydrated, keeping out of the sun at peak times, and by wearing sunscreen with a minimum SPF 30. “I would also encourage anyone who has elderly relatives and ­neighbours to check in with them, as any increase in temperature can be dangerous.” Caroline Abrahams, charity director at Age UK, added: “With temperatures set to shoot up in many parts of the country, Age UK is urging older people to take some simple precautions, particularly if they have breathing problems or a heart condition. “Older people can be at risk of dehydration and overheating when it gets hot, especially if they live somewhere that is hard to keep cool, so it’s a good idea to let people know if you have any concerns about yourself, especially if you live alone. For the rest of us, ­checking in on older relatives and neighbours is a nice idea. “For example, you may have an extra fan you can lend, and the offer of an ice cream when it is sweltering will usually be appreciated too.” Warnings were also put out for pets as the warm weather could cause them to develop heatstroke, which can be fatal. Alison Thomas, senior veterinary surgeon at the Blue Cross hospital in Victoria, said: “While we enjoy the sunshine and warm weather this week it is important to make sure our pets are kept safe. “They can quickly overheat and sometimes this can be extremely dangerous and even fatal. “Walk your dog at the cooler times of the day, either first thing in the morning or early evening and, if your dog is one that needs a long walk to burn off excess energy, find other ways to stimulate them instead.” The hot spell is predicted to break by Sunday evening, with thunderstorms expected to swoop in tomorrow. But they will bring cooler, fresher, air and provide much-needed relief for some, particularly those who suffer from chest ­conditions such as asthma and allergies like hayfever. The UK’s highest recorded June temperature was 96F at Southampton Mayflower Park in June in 1976, which forecasters do not expect will be surpassed this week. The warmest day ever recorded in the UK was July 25, 2019, when the mercury hit 102F at Cambridge University’s Botanic Garden.