With Conservative MPs to hold a secret ballot on the Prime Minister's future, rebel backbenchers have been sending around a document outlining the reasons to ditch Mr Johnson. It lists 13 reasons to replace him with a new leader. The memo, leaked to Express.co.uk, outlines 13 reasons for a change in the resident of No10. The document claims Mr Johnson is "no longer an electoral asset and, if left in post, will lead the Party to a substantial defeat in 2024". It adds: "The only way to end this misery, earn a hearing from the British public, and restore Conservative fortunes to a point where we can win the next general election, is to remove Boris Johnson as Prime Minister." MPs started sharing the document over the bank holiday weekend while millions of Britons across the country were celebrating the Queen's jubilee. READ MORE ON OUR BORIS JOHNSON LIVE BLOG They fear that if Mr Johnson wins a no confidence vote, he could hold a snap general election "to restore his personal mandate", claiming such a move would "put MPs in marginal seats at risk". Sir Graham Brady, chairman of the 1922 committee of Conservative MPs, confirmed a vote on the party's leader would take place tonight. It comes after at least 54 Tory parliamentarians submitted letters of no confidence in his leadership. As many as 30 MPs have gone public in calling for the Prime Minister to go, with others remaining anonymous. If 180 MPs vote against Mr Johnson in the ballot, he will be booted out of Downing Street. Those eager to see the downfall of the man who delivered Brexit are desperate to make clear their case for getting rid of the leader. DON'T MISS:POLL: Do you think Boris Johnson will win no-confidence vote tonight? [VOTE]BBC host leaves Javid stumbling in defence of Boris after boos [VIDEO]Operation Boot Boris to be launched by Tory rebels [INSIGHT] As the rules currently stand, if Mr Johnson wins a confidence vote, he cannot be challenged again for 12 months. The memo adds: "The damage done to trust in Boris Johnson is such that popular policies are falling flat with the public." It says the Prime Minister, who beat Labour at the 2019 election with a historic 80 seat landslide is now being dubbed the "Conservative Corbyn". "The entire purpose of the Government now appears to be the sustenance of Boris Johnson as Prime Minister," it continues. "MPs are having to defend the indefensible, not for the sake of the party, but for one man." Allies of Mr Johnson are sending round a memo of their own, outlining the reasons why it would be a disaster to get rid of him. A No 10 spokeswoman said: "Tonight is a chance to end months of speculation and allow the Government to draw a line and move on, delivering on the people's priorities. "The PM welcomes the opportunity to make his case to MPs and will remind them that when they're united and focused on the issues that matter to voters there is no more formidable political force."