Tottenham have been handed a boost in their pursuit of Anthony Gordon following reports that the Everton winger is keen to join Antonio Conte's ranks. However, the 21-year-old will not push for a Toffees exit this summer, serving Spurs a blow.  Tottenham have already enjoyed an active transfer window having moved to sign free agents Fraser Forster and Ivan Perisic, in addition to Malian midfielder Yves Bissouma in a £25million deal from Brighton. Conte now appears set to continue his squad shake-up this summer as he plots a double raid of Everton. As well as pushing to sign Brazilian forward Richarlison, Spurs are also understood to have enquired about Toffees' academy graduate Gordon. And the north London club's hopes of landing the England under-21 international to supplement their homegrown quota have been handed a boost following claims from football.london that the young attacker is keen on playing Champions League football under Conte. However, despite his desire to take to the European stage next season, Gordon is thought to be unwilling to force through a move from his hometown club. Concerns over the backlash Everton would receive from selling the youngster, in addition to Richarlison, are also likely to hinder the possibility of a deal being agreed. JUST IN: Tottenham step up Richarlison chase with bold £20m-plus-player bid  Gordon enjoyed a breakout season with Everton last campaign, netting four goals and registering a further three assists across a mightily impressive 40 appearances in all competitions. The Merseyside-born winger was one of few bright sparks in an otherwise torrid season for the Toffees. Elsewhere, talks are understood to be progressing between Tottenham and Gordon's Everton team-mate Richarlison. Spurs have earmarked the 25-year-old as one of their top transfer targets this summer as Conte seeks to add another striker to his ranks. READ MORE: Newcastle eye Porto star Pepe as Ekitike backup but fail in £30m bid  There is a growing belief that the north Londoners will conclude a deal for the forward and see him integrated into the club's pre-season squad over the coming weeks. Richarlison alone is expected to set Spurs back around £50m. Conte was handed a huge boost last month after Tottenham confirmed the club had received a mammoth £150m cash injection from majority shareholder ENIC. According to the Telegraph, club chairman Daniel Levy promised Conte six new players this summer. 