 So-called "Doomsday planes" have hit the headlines in recent months as the war in Ukraine reaches a critical stage. The aircraft can be used as a flying command and control centre in the case of a nuclear war, with some reports suggesting such aircraft can withstand electromagnetic pulses caused by the explosion of a nuclear weapon.   The Russian Air Force and Space Forces will receive two airborne commanding posts based on the Il-96-400M planes, according to Russian government news agency RIA Novosti, citing a source in the country’s defence sector. The project was announced in July last year, but it is understood that work is still yet to begin – it is expected to take between nine and 12 months to complete. The new Il-96-400M aircraft is a modern version of the Il-96 civilian long-haul jetliner. Currently, President Vladimir Putin uses an Il-96 variant for air travel similar to the US Air Force One, currently a highly-bespoke Boeing 747.  The new Russian aircraft will be designed and remodelled in the city of Voronezh, a three-hour drive from Moscow at the Voronezh Aircraft Production Association’s aviation assembly plant, which produces transport planes for civilian and military use. According to further reports by the same news agency, a third unit will also be produced in the near future. The new versions of the aircraft will replace the ageing Il-80 plane, based on the Il-86. Reports emerged in 2020 that parts of the highly classified radio equipment were stolen from one of the Il-80 aircraft. An unemployed Russian civilian was arrested and charged with the crime at the time. The plane’s location at the repair facility was allegedly poorly guarded. Retired Air Force Maj. Gen. Vladimir Popov told Russian daily Moskovsky Komsomolets at the time that thieves were possibly looking for parts containing precious metals.  READ MORE:US 'Doomsday' plane preparing for action Across the Atlantic, the debate surrounding Air Force One is also a hot topic, with US President Joe Biden recently over-ruling a new livery designed by Donald Trump. The plans to cancel the paint scheme came amongst security concerns over the colours. According to reports by the United States Air Force: “Mr Trump’s colour scheme had the planes’ underbelly and engines being painted in a dark blue shade, which could lead to higher temperatures onboard. “The paint job would have required further measures to cool down some parts of the plane, which could make it more expensive.”  DON'T MISS:MoD unveils plan to bolster Royal Navy defence capabilities [REVEAL]Russia makes £79.4bn in first 100 days of war from oil and gas [INSIGHT]Russia forced to use Cold War-era missiles [REPORT]  A senior official working for Mr Biden told Politico: “The Trump paint scheme is not being considered because it could drive additional engineering, time, and cost.” Air Force spokesperson Ann Stefanek said: “Further analysis concluded darker colours, among other factors, on the underside of the VC-25B aircraft, might contribute to temperatures exceeding the current qualification limits of a small number of components”. Mr Trump was highly sceptical over the budget for a new Air Force One, going as far as decreasing the funds available by $1billion. In 2018, the Air Force awarded Boeing a contract worth $3.9billion to manufacture two 747s to replace the current Air Force One aircraft, which are based on the 747-200B and have been used since the 1990s.   In Russia, the Doomsday plane, also known as the “Flying Kremlin” was planned to make its first appearance in over a decade during Russia’s so-called Victory Parade. However, adverse weather conditions on the day saw the flypast over Red Square cancelled. During a training exercise prior to the event, the aircraft was spotted accompanied by MiG 29 fighter jets, the iconic Cold War bomber, the Tu-95 Bear, as well as a Tu-160, White Swan. Both the Tu-95 and the Tu-160 are capable of carrying nuclear warheads, with the White Swan having supersonic flight capabilities. 