She was given a damehood by Prince William for her "tireless campaigning" and has launched a number of initiatives, including a clothing line and a book. In a video message shown on ITV's Lorraine yesterday, she admitted she was "surprised" to be still alive. She said: "I am doing OK, I'm stable. I think stable is a good thing." "I'm taking life slowly. Not on social media too much and just spending time in the garden with my family. A much slower pace of life." "Physically I'm quite tired, but mentally I'm still a campaigner." "I'm still asking people to check their poo. I'm still on it about getting that messaging on loo roll across the country. The No Butts campaign...we want it spread far and wide." Since being diagnosed with cancer in 2016, former headteacher Dame Deborah has kept Instagram followers updated about her treatments to raise awareness about bowel cancer signs. Known as Bowelbabe online, she has raised more than £6.6million for Cancer Research UK, Bowel Cancer UK and the Royal Marsden Cancer Charity through her Bowelbabe fund on JustGiving. The host of BBC podcast You, Me And The Big C added: "I'm taking life day by day and I think just continuing to feel blessed to have another day knowing that my time is limited. "But at the same time, if truth be told, I've already outlived yet again what I was told when I was sent home from the hospital, so I think already even I'm a bit surprised. "But I think it's having that sense of purpose. Getting involved. Continuing with the campaigning is keeping me going. "Obviously, the Bowelbabe fund I'm so proud of, and it's a legacy that I am so proud to leave behind when I am no longer here. "But for the moment I'm here, I'm alive, kicking as much as I possibly can, and sending my love and thank you for all your kind messages." Last month, Dame Deborah announced she had written another book, How To Live When You Could Be Dead, relating what she has learned about a positive mindset when faced with life's biggest challenges. Despite it not being published until August, presales shot the book to number one on Amazon. Royalties will go to Bowelbabe.