Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has been dealt a blow in his bid to strengthen Spurs' defence this summer, according to reports. Former manager Jose Mourinho is giving his counterpart a headache by leading the race to sign Barcelona star Clement Lenglet. The north London outfit have already signed three players so far this window, with Fraser Forster, Ivan Perisic and Yves Bissouma joining the Lilywhites. Having only spent £25million in fees thus far, there is a huge pot to spend with the club having qualified for the Champions League and owners ENIC Sports pumping £150m into the club's coffers. Central defence is a position that requires improvement ahead of a long and gruelling season, with Conte being promised another three signings. But according to Sport, the Italian has been gazumped in his efforts to sign Barcelona defender Clement Lenglet on an option-to-buy-loan, with Mourinho's Roma side prepared to push ahead in a permanent move for the Frenchman. The report states that Barcelona are looking to get rid of the former Sevilla star to raise funds for other positions. Being described as being 'on the exit ramp', Lenglet's future in Spain looks bleak and Tottenham or Roma could offer him a career lifeline. JUST IN: Chelsea poised for shock Cristiano Ronaldo swoop The clubs have both made offers for his services, although Roma are in the driving seat after making a permanent bid to sign the 27-year-old. And their intention to sign the star and relieve Barcelona of his registration will more than suit the Spanish giants as they aim to cut costs due to their financial state. However, the report states that whilst the Roma option would be better for the Blaugrana, the fee involved could give Tottenham a chance to change the structure of the deal given that Serie A sides are not known for throwing money around. Xavi's men want the player gone by the end of the month, giving the club just three days to finalise his departure. And as such, if Roma cannot stump up the fee required for his signature, Tottenham may well swoop in to offer him a route out of La Liga. New man Bissouma waxed lyrical about Conte upon his arrival from Brighton earlier this month. READ MORE: Glazers face fresh Man Utd anger with protest at Ten Hag's first game "We’re going to work really hard to keep the ambition high," Bissouma told Tottenham's official channel. "We have a good group, and a great coach, everyone knows him. I know I can pass this step with him. "I know he will help me more to be what I want to be and try to help the team as well. I'm very happy to play with him."