They help to negotiate the rights of the employees they represent. They could and should encourage a more productive labour force, while asking for employees to share some of that success. I also respect people’s right to strike. It is a basic civil liberty which every modern society should recognise, albeit it should be as a last resort and not on items of critical national infrastructure. Having said all of that, however, the industrial action crippling Britain this week thanks to the RMT, is completely unacceptable. They are holding Boris Johnson’s administration - and by extension the country - to ransom. Have they overplayed their hand, though? Their stance has little public support and I predict it might well destroy them - a reprise of Scargill and the miners in the 1980s. The RMT claims it has been “forced” to strike in order to secure a pay increase for rail staff, to safeguard every job, and also to maintain some of their working practices. By any standards, rail workers are well paid. Many only put in a 35-hour week. Plus, rail workers, even new ones, still enjoy a defined benefit pension scheme, which is almost unheard of in 2022, and totally unaffordable. I doubt anyone in the private sector is still offered this. As for working practices, some are frankly bizarre. Take the ‘walking allowance’, which promises rail staff an agreed number of extra minutes which are added to their breaks to give them time to walk to and from their mess room. Another perk allows some rail workers to restart a scheduled break if a senior colleague says ‘Hello’ to them, because any conversation is classed as ‘work’. To the RMT, it is a necessity. In truth, it is a 1970s nonsense that embarrasses our nation. There is a cartel in parts of the transport network. To be a driver in many areas is only open to “ friends and family”. It is still a closed shop. No industry can be preserved in aspic, nor guarantee no changes to job numbers or working practices. Anyone that does so will go bust. The RMT should be putting forward themselves requests for bonus payments to their members based on punctuality improvements, productivity and friendly smiling staff, not grumpy ones. You can set your watch by the punctuality of Swiss trains for example? Why can we not demand the same? The RMT could have gone on strike one day at a time. Instead they went straight to the nuclear option. They have effectively written off an entire week by staggering three strikes over six days. This is plain bloody-minded. So what is to be done if they carry on? In 1981, President Reagan fired thousands of air-traffic controllers after they went on strike over a pay and conditions dispute and then ignored his demand that they return to work. Reagan also declared a lifetime ban on the rehiring of the strikers by the Federal Aviation Administration. Perhaps the time is fast approaching for Boris Johnson to adopt a similarly robust approach, to adopt a different nuclear option. It could work as follows. The Government would give the nation and all rail staff say four months’ notice, starting now. It would declare Britain’s rail industry - including London Underground, whose staff also went on strike this week – bankrupt – which is the reality. Everyone would be made redundant due to this bankruptcy. Shut the whole system for a week or so like the unions are doing. Then start again. Every worker would of course be able to re-apply to work in a re-booted rail industry, with sensible pay and working practices that are used elsewhere in the world. This time, however, new workers with no previous connection to the industry should also be able to apply for jobs and training, not just “friends and family” for the best jobs. A clean slate would restore this out of touch profession. Everybody’s interests can be aligned. This process would be painful for a couple of months and, I have no doubt, complicated. But it would work. It might even lead to initiatives such as the £2,000 cost of living bonus given by Rolls-Royce to 14,000 staff this week. The time has come to cut out the cancer of union extremism that for too long has cast a shadow over this part of Britain’s infrastructure. The RMT and other rail unions should be put on notice, you have one last chance. Be constructive, or it’s all over. Boris Johnson needs to adopt a zero-tolerance attitude in dealing with this crisis. He needs to act in the best interests of the nation. And he needs to act fast.