Although HBO’s dramatic family drama Succession met its season three finale in December, fans are clamouring for the premiere of its upcoming season. With new episodes currently in the works, actor Matthew Macfadyen shared a disappointing update.   Back in December, viewers were left on the edge of their seats after the series ended on a major cliffhanger, which would only ensure chaos in the family. Throughout the series, the adult children of the Waystar Rayco founder Logan Roy (played by Brian Cox) competed to become the successor of his billion-dollar company. However, season three saw Logan push away any prospects of keeping it in the family as an unlikely source offered him a deal, which he struggled to refuse. As a result, fans were eagerly awaiting the release of season four to see the outcome of Logan’s decision. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent viewers rocked by 10-year-old’s metal audition Tom Wambsgans (Matthew Macfadyen) betrayed his wife Shiv Logan (Sarah Snook) after he offered to buy her father’s company. He did so as a power move, after spending the past two seasons trying to get his father-in-law’s approval. However, this wasn’t the first time, as Tom had tried to impress Roy in the past by agreeing to take his downfall for his crimes. With the chance of being sentenced to jail looming, the actor disclosed: “He’s taking one for the company, but he really can’t deal with it.”  Speaking to Goldderby.com Macfayden described his character as “desperate. It’s pathetic, but kind of sweet.” In an effort to seek approval, he betrayed Shiv and told her siblings about her plans to shut down the sale of Waystar Royco. She had planned to use their holding company’s shares to block the supermajority vote needed for Logan’s sale. As a result, Logan called his ex-wife (Harriet Walter) to renegotiate the divorce deal which dictated how much of the shares their children would receive. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star details moment he decided to quit acting [INSIGHT] Succession’s Gerri star admits Brian Cox is ‘terrifying’ [INSIGHT]Succession's Brian Cox lands major new role away from HBO drama [INSIGHT]  During his interview, the actor stated his character's decision to betray Shiv was more spontaneous than planned. Macfayden blamed it on an “incremental buildup of layer upon layer, an accumulation of hurt and being let down and being belittled.” Tom's backstabbing ways were exposed during the last moments of the finale after Logan gave him a passing yet thankful pat on the shoulder. Speaking on the scene, the actor added: “There’s no heavy stuff or great feeling or emotion, but it’s enormous in the context of the story and the narrative and the drama,”  While in conversation with Goldderby, Macfayden was quizzed about the fate of his character in the upcoming fourth season. To which he responded: “No idea, it’s infuriating because I’m desperate.” Thankfully for fans, all the major characters are expected to make a comeback for the anticipated epic showdown. Its likely season four could premiere in early 2023, as the show’s creator Jesse Armstrong revealed to Variety in May, they were “almost done with the writing”. Succession seasons 1-3 are available to stream on HBO Max in the US and NOW in the UK. 