Back in March, Foo Fighters drummer Taylor Hawkins died at the age of just 50. In the wake of the tragic news, Dave Grohl and the band cancelled their upcoming tour dates and have since announced a special tribute show in his memory. Today the line-up for the London show has been announced with acts for the LA show arriving later today. Foo Fighters will perform at Wembley Stadium on Saturday, September 3 with the likes of Queen’s Brian May and Roger Taylor. The rock legends were good friends with the drummer and had collaborated with him on a number of occasions. Most notably, the guitarist has recently re-released his second solo album Another World, which featured Hawkins on the drums for the song Cyborg. Brian remembered: “He'd never really done a studio session for someone else, so he was wired to the hilt - you could imagine. He's going ‘This is f*****g awesome’. I mean, there is energy spilling out all over Surrey from this guy, incredible! I think he’s well represented on the track – it’s insane, the amount of energy on there.” Queen and Adam Lambert are currently on their UK tour and during their set, Roger takes a moment to pay tribute to his fellow drummer. Other acts joining Foo Fighters and Queen at Wembley will be Chris Chaney, Stewart Copeland, Liam Gallagher, Omar Hakim, Joshua Homme, Chrissie Hynde, Geddy Lee, Alex Lifeson, Mark Ronson, Supergrass, Roger’s son Rufus Taylor, Wolfgang Van Halen and Chevy Metal. Comedian Dave Chappelle will also make a special appearance with more to be announced, including for the LA show at The Kia Forum on September 27. DON'T MISSBrian May shares frustration over Taylor Hawkins death [BRIAN MAY]Brian May praises ‘insane energy’ of Foo Fighters’ Taylor Hawkins [TAYLOR HAWKINS]Foo Fighters announce Taylor Hawkins tribute concerts [TRIBUTE SHOW] Foo Fighters said in a statement: "London! Please welcome the first wave of special guests to join The Taylor Hawkins Tribute Concerts! More to be announced soon. Tickets on sale Friday 17 June at 9am local time. The Taylor Hawkins Tribute Concerts will benefit charities in the UK chosen by the Hawkins family. Beneficiaries and further details will be announced shortly."