  Dame Deborah James has revealed that creating her fundraising collection for In The Style has “kept her going” after the last few days have seen her lacking in energy. The BBC presenter has terminal bowel cancer and is currently receiving end-of-life care.      Deborah, 40, took to social media today to share some photographs with her family, as the women modelled her hope-inspiring designs. Addressing her 901,000 Instagram followers, Deborah wrote: “Always have ‘Rebellious Hope’. “Introducing my 2 limited edition T-shirts available in black & pink on the @inthestyle app & website now for a limited time with 100% of profits going to @bowelbabefund. “My @inthestyle T-shirt and collection have now raised an additional £650,000 so far for @bowelbabefund !!! - I am so so happy and thankful to you all." READ MORE: John Cleese accuses BBC of 'deceptive' and 'dishonest' interview     The You, Me and the Big C presenter continued: “Creating these have really kept me going the last few days and I’m so proud of them. “I talk about this quote a lot ‘Rebellious Hope’ - it’s truly what has got me through the last 5 years and I have been blown away by just how many of you have been supporting and wearing my t-shirt design I’ve designed with @inthestyle…” Early last month, Deborah broke the news to her followers that she did not know how long she had left after a brutal battle with stage four bowel cancer. Speaking about her health struggles as she receives end of life care, Deborah went on to say that things had been “up and down” recently.      “I’ve been up and down over the last couple of days being honest,” she began. “But where I’ve had the strength I’ve been discussing ideas and we have decided to do these 2 final designs at your request and it’s fair to say I absolutely LOVE them!” Deborah reassured her fans. “The black t-shirt is a fitted style with gold foil - I wanted to create a more dressy option and I love it. “Then the most popular request was a pink one so we’ve created this as a ‘standard fit’ style - alongside my original white one which is a more oversize fit. READ MORE... Jennifer Lopez, 52, showcases incredible physique in tiny black bikin [PICTURE] Ronnie Wood fortune: Staggering wealth rocker is amassing for his kids [LATEST] Marilyn Monroe dazzles in pics on what would've been her 96th birthday [INSIGHT]     “Hoping we’ve got something for everyone and they’re available on the @inthestyle app NOW with 100% of profits (A minimum of £7.08 per t-shirt) from the sale of each one will be paid directly to Bowelbabe Fund for Cancer Research UK.” On a more personal note, the journalist continued: “If you want to know how my day is going this is classic! “This was due at 12 to launch and thankful @inthestyle were on it to go live! “I on the other hand was having one of those days (sadly like a lot of my days now). But I’ve only just been able to be awake enough to do this!     “Argh dying is hard you know!! Thank you for your continued support, and kind messages,” she signed off. Deborah gained a huge fanbase back in 2016, when she was diagnosed with stage three bowel cancer at the age of 35. She is married to Sebastien Bowen, and they share two children - 14-year-old Hugo and 12-year-old Eloise.  