Citric acid is a compound originally derived from lemon juice and it can be purchased in boxes from the majority of supermarkets. It can help to target limescale and is sometimes used as a substitute for white vinegar. While it is great at cleaning some surfaces, one expert has shared the surfaces Britons should “steer clear” of. Matthew Harrison, cleaning expert at PriceYourJob, told Express.co.uk: “Citric acid is a remarkable ingredient for those looking to make the switch to natural cleaning methods. “It makes a great non-toxic alternative to bleach, working superbly to remove limescale, de-grease, whiten and disinfect. “When combined with bicarbonate of soda and water, it becomes an all-natural superhero of the cleaning world.” However, citric acid shouldn’t be used on some surfaces. READ MORE: Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow Matthew said: “When citric acid, a compound originally derived from lemon juice, comes into contact with certain surfaces, it can cause deterioration and damage.” The expert said cleaning enthusiasts should “steer clear” from using it on natural stone and marble surfaces. He said this is because it has “corrosive properties”. Matthew added: “The enzymes in citric acid will break down the delicate surface layer of these materials, corroding slowly over time. DON'T MISS:Queen of Clean shares top tips for keeping your house cool [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ way to brighten clothing and bedding [COMMENT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer faces damp nightmare [VIDEO] “It’s also important to avoid using citric acid to clean your wooden flooring.” The cleaning product also should be used to clean furniture or any surfaces protected by wax or sealer. The expert said: “The acid can be detrimental to wood surfaces, causing the protective layer to break down. “This can result in a cloudy appearance and leave the surface susceptible to further damage. “Another surprising surface to avoid when it comes to citric acid is electronic screens.” According to the cleaning expert, electronic screens have a protective layer on them. This helps to prevent smudging and scratches from occurring. However, citric acid can remove this layer. Matthew said: “This leaves your phone, TV, computer or laptop screen susceptible to abrasion from the elements. “When cleaning all these surfaces, it’s best to go with something gentler, such as a microfibre cloth, castile soap and water.” Citric acid can be picked up for around £2 in boxes. It is great for descale kettles as well as removing browning from the toilet. It can also be used on hard water stains, soap scum and to clean washing machines and dishwashers.