Prince Charles has previously been criticised for sometimes getting "too political" with his strategy despite the royal tradition of neutrality. The 73-year-old has never been shy to express his opinions on political matters and according to Jennie Bond, the heir to the throne "wouldn't be able help himself" in a potential debate with Boris Johnson. Speaking on GB News, Ms Bond discussed the Prince of Wales with hosts Isabel Webster and Eamonn Holmes. Mr Holmes said: "The whole idea of royals having opinions, I think Charles is one of those people. "[Charles] would have studied this, he is a thoughtful man, he would have thought this through, he's a caring man". He added: "I don't think he would be frightened to face-off to Boris Johnson. "However, we all know the protocol and know the headlines that it would make". Referring to Charles' speculated comments regarding the Government’s controversial policy for Rwanda, Mr Holmes said: "We don't know if that's true or not, but it's not been denied so it probably is". READ MORE: 'The irony' Prince William causes a stir as he calls out racism after Meghan's Oprah claim Speaking of a meeting with Boris, Eamonn claimed that the Prince of Wales "would have the knowledge" to engage in a debate or conversation with Boris. In response to Eamonn's comment, Ms Bond responded: "Oh, absolutely. "I don't think, actually, Charles would be able to help himself if Mr Johnson decides to bring them up. "I think Charles will engage in that conversation." She claimed that the conversation would be held "in private" but will no doubt "leak out" to the press. READ MORE: Prince Harry left Palace 'absolutely furious' with tell-all interviews' 'bizarre language' In regards to Charles' suspected comments, Ms Bond claimed that she doesn't think Charles would be "too unhappy" that his "appalling policy" comments were leaked. She said: "As you say, it hasn't been denied so [they are] probably true". Ms Bond added: "Charles is the sort of man who in the past refused to go to State Banquets because the Chinese leaders were there. "He is a principal man and he acts on his principles". DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's titles spark 'removal discussion' amid royals [INSIGHT]Kate and William 'don't want to be seen cosying up to Harry' - claim [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle 'hoped to reconcile with Kate' for children to bond [VIDEO] At the time that Charles' suspected comments came to light, a Clarence House spokesman said: “We would not comment on supposed anonymous private conversations with the Prince of Wales, except to restate that he remains politically neutral. Matters of policy are decisions for Government.” Prince Charles and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall arrived in Rwanda on Tuesday evening. He is the first member of the royal family to visit the country. READ NEXT: