Once Elvis Presley became a big-time singer around the world, his fans could not get enough of him. Magazines, TV shows, and journalists of all kinds wanted to interview the star about his work, his life, and his relationships. Even this month, a brand new biopic movie is being released about his life - Elvis. But Priscilla Presley, the star's wife from 1967 to 1973, explained how the star didn't enjoy this as he "never really got into fame". Priscilla met Elvis when he was very popular, but his fame skyrocketed in the years that followed. By the early-1960s he was arguably one of the biggest stars on the planet. But it was not something he handled very well, she admitted. "He just never got into the fame thing," Priscilla explained. "He performed, but if you look back he hardly did any interviews." Elvis did not want to sit and talk about his life or let anyone into what he was getting up to. Priscilla added: "He did what he was supposed to do, but he wasn’t into it." She said: "He was a very private person." Elvis first met his ex-wife when she was just 14-years-old. They grew up together and were married when she was 22-years-old. She recalled having her privacy invaded throughout her entire life after meeting him. READ MORE: Elvis Presley's Las Vegas comeback made Colonel Tom Parker sob And it seems as if it has had a lasting effect on her. Priscilla even confessed she is "still not comfortable" being in the limelight. She remembered: "Memphis was pretty good about protecting [Elvis] and letting us live our lives. But in California though, we’d be lying out by the pool in our backyard and hear the rustling of trees." "Sure enough," she added. "The paparazzi would be hiding behind them." DON'T MISS...Elvis Presley's Las Vegas comeback made Colonel Tom Parker sob [NEWS]Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis refused to speak on 'painful' final movie [INSIGHT]Lisa Marie Presley has ‘my first smile in two years’ with Elvis star [INFO] Priscilla went on: "You’d always be on guard, always looking around. I don’t think you ever get that comfortable being in the limelight. Sure, there are a lot of people who love it, but it still doesn’t seem normal to me." The 77-year-old also spoke about the possibility of Elvis being on social media if he were alive today. She laughed: "I definitely can’t see him on social media!" The star added that it was likely not something he would have been interested in. Priscilla said: "We’ve joked about this before with some of the inner-circle, saying that ‘Elvis would never be on Facebook!’” Instead, she added, he "just wasn't that guy". She went on: "He was so much more into his art and music than being Elvis Presley.” SOURCE