The third-in-line to the throne waved to the crowds gathered around the Queen's London residence as he attended his fifth Trooping the Colour event. Prince George was among the members of the Firm who watched the extraordinary RAF flypast. This year, the flypast saw 70 aircraft take to the skies and fly above Surrey, Berkshire and Kent, among other areas. The eldest son of Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William first appeared on the Palace balcony in 2015, when he was two. The following year, he was joined by his sister Princess Charlotte. In 2019, little Prince Louis debuted on the balcony, aged only one. This year, young Louis looked excited as he watched the flypast, waving and smiling at the planes. The Cambridges' children missed this key gathering in 2020 and 2021, when Trooping the Colour was held in a streamlined fashion at Windsor Castle due to the coronavirus pandemic. Prince George may delight fans with a second balcony appearance on Sunday, when Jubilee events will come to an end. Sources have claimed the Queen is planning to step out again on her residence's balcony following the Platinum Pageant spectacle to showcase the future of the monarchy. George was spotted for the first time earlier today alongside his two siblings, Charlotte and Louis as he arrived at Horse Guards Parade in a carriage.  The young royals were accompanied by their mother, the Duchess of Cambridge and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. The three children waved at onlookers as they processed down the Mall. At one point, middle child Princess Charlotte was spotted stopping Prince Louis from waving, as he attempted to greet royal watchers. Charlotte placed her hand over her brother Prince Louis', as he enthusiastically waved at the crowds. DON'T MISS: Queen facing 'high element of risk' as Meghan to exploit Jubilee [INSIGHT]Sussexes will lockdown in royal fortress during Jubilee return [REVEAL] Meghan Markle warned against 'appalling tactics' at Jubilee [REACTION] Besides George and his siblings, the only other non-working royals on the balcony were Lady Louise Windsor, James, Viscount Severn and Sir Timothy Laurence. This is because the monarch announced last month she only wanted to be joined by full-time working members of the Firm on this occasion. A Palace statement dated May 6 read: "After careful consideration, The Queen has decided this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday, June 2 will be limited to Her Majesty and those Members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of The Queen." This meant that Meghan Markle and Prince Harry were nowhere to be seen on the Buckingham Palace balcony.  However, the Duchess of Sussex was spotted through the Buckingham Palace window, playing with younger members of the Royal Family. In pictures taken through the window, she can be seen playfully telling Savannah Phillips and Mia Tindall to be quiet during the procession. The Duchess of Sussex was spotted in a stunning wide-brimmed white hat and a navy dress.