Liverpool are playing hardball with Bayern Munich after reportedly rejecting the German club’s opening £21million offer for Sadio Mane. The Senegal international has refused to pen a new deal at Anfield and looks set to depart the club this summer. But Liverpool are refusing to name their price tag for the player. Mane has enjoyed a sublime six-year spell on Merseyside since joining the Reds from Southampton in 2016. The forward has become a key part of Jurgen Klopp’s attack and has bagged an incredible 120 goals and 48 assists in his 269 outings for the club. Last season, the ace was in inspired form once again as he found the back of the net 23 times in all competitions as his side reached the Champions League final and narrowly missed out on the Premier League title. But Mane appears to have his heart set on a summer transfer. Bayern have reportedly come to the table with a bid as they attempt to wrestle the 30-year-old away from England. But, according to The Times, Liverpool didn’t even entertain the offer and believe it hugely undervalues the player. And they have refused to provide Bayern with a figure that they are willing to accept. READ MORE: Bayern Munich icon sheds light on Lewandowski and Gnabry situation Munich’s initial bid also includes £4million of add-ons. But the fee hasn’t proved enough to tempt Liverpool into business. And the onus is now on the Bundesliga club to prove how much they want Mane by increasing their offer. Bayern were in fine form once again last season as they won the German title for the 10th season in a row. But they clearly want to bolster their attack ahead of next season and are reportedly happy to pay Mane a higher salary than he earns at Anfield. Mane is out of contract next summer and would be able to leave Anfield for free at the end of next season. So Liverpool chiefs could eventually reluctantly allow the player to move on and at least raise some much-needed money for their own transfer kitty.  News of Bayern’s interest in Mane broke last month ahead of Liverpool’s Champions League final showdown with Real Madrid. But Klopp revealed at the time he “couldn’t care less” about the rumours. “Sadio is in the shape of his life,” said the German. “For sure he’s in brilliant shape and it’s a joy to watch him at the moment in training and in the games. We ask him a lot, football asks him a lot this year, incredible long season, lot of finals and these kind of things so for sure it’s one of the most successful so far for him and for us. The Bayern Munich rumours I couldn’t care less in the moment.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here