Manchester United will only pursue a new attacker if they can find a buyer for Anthony Martial, according to reports. Transfer links with Ajax forward Antony and RB Leipzig's Christopher Nkunku have persisted over the past few weeks, but Erik ten Hag may only be able to pull the trigger if he can raise some cash and make room in the squad. Recruits in other areas of the pitch have fallen by the wayside while United pour all of their efforts into signing midfielder Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona. With La Blaugrana's financial situation still looking bleak, there is a feeling that they will keep trying to drive up the price which has stunted the Red Devils' progress thus far. Pursuing reinforcements in attack has taken a back seat in the meantime. In any case, ESPN claim that United will have to shift Martial this summer before Ten Hag can even start thinking about putting together offers for new forwards. Martial is fresh from a disastrous loan spell with Sevilla, during which he scored once in 12 appearances, and the Spanish outfit opted not to pursue a permanent deal. JUST IN: Man Utd 'make offer for Christian Eriksen' with Dane viewed as Frenkie de Jong alternative Exactly who would come close to matching his reported £240,000-a-week wages could therefore pose a huge obstacle to United's transfer plans this summer. Martial has two more years to run on his Man Utd contract having put pen to paper on a lucrative five-year deal back in 2019. Deals for Nkunku and Antony may slip through the net entirely if no resolution can be found. United did make an exception to their own rule by launching a swoop for Darwin Nunez, but with Liverpool set to unveil the striker, Ten Hag may have to venture into next season with the attackers already at his disposal. READ MORE: Man Utd made mistake eight years ago and could do it again this summer The 52-year-old will, at least, have the considerable firepower of Cristiano Ronaldo. The veteran forward still divides opinion, and questions remain over how he will gel with Ten Hag's tactical philosophy, but he finished third in the race for the Golden Boot last term with an impressive haul of 18 Premier League goals. Anthony Elanga, Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford will also be called upon to support the Portuguese, but the latter struggled for form throughout last campaign and will need to find a new gear to work his way back into the side. If no buyer for Martial can be found, Ten Hag may be forced to try and manufacture a resurgence, which Sevilla chief Jose Maria Cruz de Andres suggests could be possible if the Frenchman finds his rhythm. "Some players are able to adapt themselves immediately into the new team," he told Sport Witness. "Some players need more time. I believe that problem with Anthony Martial was when he was starting to adapt to the coach, to his system, he suffered some injuries. "He was unable to have the continuity that he needed. I believe he was very happy and he thought it was a good opportunity for him [to join Sevilla on loan]. The injuries have been a problem for Martial."