Former National Security Adviser under Donald Trump John Bolton argued that “Biden-Pelosi Democrats never liked Brexit” and see the EU as the “wave of the future”. Their meddling, he said, threatens to undermine Western unity in the face of Russian aggression at a time when Washington needs a "strong UK". Democrats in Washington, particularly US President Joe Biden and Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi, have been critical of attempts by the Government to unilaterally change parts of the hated Northern Ireland Protocol. Washington worries that the move by the UK could threaten stability on the Irish border, despite assurances by Prime Minister Boris Johnson that the UK’s top priority was to preserve the integrity of the Good Friday Agreement. Mr Bolton said: “The truth is that Biden-Pelosi Democrats never liked Brexit. In their world, the EU is still the wave of the future, stemming from Woodrow Wilson’s post-isolationist vision that ‘we are in the great drift of humanity which is to determine the politics of every country in the world’.” Mr Bolton noted that the Biden administration, which is facing problems including soaring inflation and skyrocketing petrol prices at home, was becoming “unstuck”. Ms Pelosi’s tenure as Speaker of the House was in jeopardy with a looming midterm election battle to be fought in November.  Writing for The Telegraph, Mr Bolton added: “America isn’t drifting anywhere, and neither should Britain. And just to make the politics clear, Biden’s administration is coming ever-more unstuck. “With November’s congressional elections looming, Pelosi’s tenure as Speaker is dwindling rapidly, and with it her influence. “By contrast, London has both the momentum and the right, which is why Brussels is increasingly frantic.” Brussels has refused to renegotiate the Northern Ireland Protocol, which has caused problems with trade and created an artificial border with EU checks inside of the UK.  READ MORE: Zelensky's heroes 'hit jackpot' as fleet of Russian armour wiped out While the Government tries to solve the issue by making unilateral decisions to end the impasse with Brussels, politicians in Washington - including Ms Pelosi - have weighed in, even threatening to scupper trade deals with the UK over the dispute more than 3,000 miles away from Washington. Last month Ms Pelosi tweeted: “It is deeply concerning that the United Kingdom now seeks to unilaterally discard the Northern Ireland Protocol, which preserves the important progress and stability forged by the Accords. It continues to enjoy strong bipartisan & bicameral support in the United States Congress. “As I have stated in my conversations with the Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary & Members of the House of Commons, if the United Kingdom chooses to undermine the Good Friday Accords, the Congress cannot & will not support a bilateral free trade agreement with the U.K.” Mr Bolton, however, claims the US has no strategic interests in the dispute and should instead be focusing its attention on presenting a united front against Russian aggression.  DON'T MISS:Ukraine: Putin's 'insidious tactics' fail [LIVE]'This cannot go on!' Priti Patel rages at Rawanda flight block by ECHR [INSIGHT]Just Stop Oil protesters block busy city centre road [REPORT] He said: “Where are the true US national interests here, especially considering the ongoing and increasingly difficult Ukraine war? “What Washington really needs strategically and politically is a strong UK, helping to lead the NATO alliance both in the immediate crisis and longer term, and in reinvigorating the special relationship on a global basis after years of tensions. “With all due respect, Ireland is not a NATO member.” The Government, for its part, has refused to bow to pressure from Washington and, earlier this week, announced new legislation which would see the UK unilaterally change the Protocol and bring Northern Ireland back in line with the rest of the UK. 