William Saliba has revealed he will return to Arsenal this summer to end speculation over his immediate future. The France international wants to show his true ability for the Gunners having yet to play a single match for the club. Saliba joined Arsenal from Saint-Etienne in 2019 for a fee of £27million. However, he has been sent out on three different loan spells since joining. His most recent loan at Marseille was undoubtedly his most successful, seeing him earn a first call-up and first caps for the senior France squad. There has been speculation over Saliba's future throughout this season, with the star previously hinting he would like a longer stay at Marseille. But in a vow to Gunners boss Mikel Arteta, Saliba insists he will be back at the Emirates next season and says he wants to show the fans his real quality. In an interview with French outlet Telefoot, Saliba said: "I belong to Arsenal, I still have two years left. READ MORE: Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's Eriksen move, Dembele to Chelsea update, Sterling's showdown  "I will be back with Arsenal. I have played zero matches and I still want to show them my true face and have the chance to play for these fans and this great club." Speaking last month, Arteta insisted his plan was for Saliba to come back to the club. The Spaniard stood by his stance that letting him leave on loan last summer was the right decision for all parties. Arteta told RMC Sport: "He has to come back. He has the experience and the environment necessary to be competitive with us. "If he had stayed with us this year, with a match of Premier League a week, with Ben White and Gabriel, he wouldn't have had half the playing time he had with Marseille, that's for sure. For his growth and what he can do next season that wouldn't have been good. DON'T MISSNewcastle ready to launch 'monster offer' as Arsenal pull out of £85m transfer race [REPORT]Christian Eriksen should seal Tottenham return due to Man Utd transfer warning [OPINION]Liverpool 'prepared to sacrifice 10-goal attacker' in swap deal for Leeds star Raphinha [GOSSIP]  "William wasn't with us because he wouldn't have had the playing time to gain experience. That's it, there's nothing else." Saliba was happy with his season at Marseille, having helped the French club finish second in Ligue 1 and qualify for the group stage of next season's Champions League. He added: "It's my first full season. I was keen to show who I really am. "It's a very positive assessment and really I'm very happy with my season. I was a little apprehensive [when I signed] because, well, Marseille when you have an eye from the outside, you say: 'Oh yeah, that's good, but it's make or break'. "It's as if I stayed at least 2-3 years, it's really special. Even if I don't come back to Marseille, I'll never forget. Thanks to OM, I spent a great course in my career and it was they who boosted me." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here  