Leeds are lining up a potential move for Sheffield United ace Sander Berge, according to reports. The Whites are considering several possible midfield signings and could face having to replace star player Kalvin Phillips. England ace Phillips is understood to be of interest to Manchester City. The Premier League champions would reportedly need to pay close to £50million for the 26-year-old. Leeds will need a top-quality replacement for Phillips should he depart, especially as they missed the defensive midfielder when he spent a period of last season injured. Phillips’ return towards the end of the campaign coincided with their survival push under Jesse Marsch. The Yorkshire outfit are reportedly keen to sign Marc Roca from Bayern Munich but will still add another midfielder even if the Spaniard completes his move. Give Me Sport claim that one of their targets is Norway international Berge, who is valued at £25m. JUST IN: Neville 'worried' by Man Utd's De Jong saga and wants deals 'ASAP' The 24-year-old was a big-money arrival at Sheffield United midway through their first season back in the Premier League in 2018-19. But he suffered a long-term injury and was limited to just 15 appearances the year after as the Blades were relegated to the Championship. Berge played 31 times in the Championship last term but Sheffield United were beaten by promoted Nottingham Forest in the play-off semi-final. The report continues that Leeds could have a free run at signing the former Genk star, who was warned by Norway boss Stale Solbakken that he needs to return to the Premier League. Solbakken believes that Berge is too good for the second division. He told journalists: “I think it would be good for him to be aware that he does not belong to the Championship now that he has his physique and match fitness back.” DON'T MISS...Premier League fixture release in full: Man Utd, Liverpool learn fateLiverpool boss Klopp gets Premier League fixture wish after criticismLeeds star Phillips sent Man City warning as Guardiola eyes £50m deal Leeds’ interest in Berge comes amid increasing speculation that midfielder Phillips could join Premier League winners Man City this summer. The Three Lions man will command a fee of around £50m, allowing Leeds to replenish their squad after a disappointing campaign. Successive injuries limited Phillips to 20 top-flight appearances last season. Marcelo Bielsa was sacked midway through a disappointing campaign, with new boss Marsch steered the club away from relegation with a final day victory over Brentford. Phillips has long been a target of the Premier League’s top clubs, with Manchester United and Liverpool previously mooted as possible destinations. But it appears that City could win the race to sign the 23-cap international.