Naga Munchetty and Susanna Reid are favourites on BBC Breakfast and Good Morning Britain. Now they have learnt they will go head to head at the 2022 TRIC Awards - and they both reacted happily to the nominations. Naga was in a celebratory mood as the TV star, who also presents on BBC 5 Live, announced the news to her 272,000 followers. "Delighted to see @BBCBreakfast team has been nominated & shortlisted for Multi-Channel News Programme," she told the world. "Great to see a brilliant, passionate and ridiculously hard-working team recognised." The nominations had been the result of over 65,000 TV viewers' votes. READ NOW: Piers Morgan's dig at Meghan Markle after Prince Louis' reaction The news attracted mixed responses from readers. @sitoots praised in response: "Led by icons (like you) driven by stars!" However, in contrast, @martint77 told Naga scathingly: "Another meaningless award in an industry that loves to award people. The mutual appreciation society." Meanwhile, Susanna told her 877,000 followers: "Very proud of our BRILLIANT @gmb team on the @TRICawards shortlist, for Best Multi-Channel News Programme." Susanna is also leading the nominees at this year's National Reality TV Awards. @mikephotowild60 exclaimed in response: "Absolutely well deserved praying that the whole team win." He added: "For you @susannareid100 to get a special reward you are on the way to the top of the world. God Bless you all!" Meanwhile, @philipcounsell6 chimed in that Susanna didn't need luck as she was "easily the best". DON'T MISS... Richard E Grant reflects on 'navigating grief' after wife's death [INSIGHT] Donny Osmond warned ‘don’t come back’ after breaking on-stage rule [UPDATE] Amber Heard’s lawyer says she ‘absolutely can’t’ afford $10m damages [LATEST] "The best Breakfast programme on television. It's always consistently good, no matter what people say on Twitter with you at the helm," he continued. @johnhorneartist added: "It's well deserved to you & the whole team, after bringing us a great morning program for many years." The TRIC, which stands for the Television and Radio Industries Club, created the ceremony to "promote goodwill amongst those engaged in the audio, visual, communication and allied industries". The winners will be named at a prestigious ceremony at Grosvenor House in London's Park Lane district on July 6. Besides BBC Breakfast and Good Morning Britain, the BBC News Team and GB News Team are also nominated in the Multi-Channel News Programme category. Votes are now closed, so viewers will have to wait until next month to find out the results. Meanwhile, Rose Hulse, TRIC team member and CEO and Founder of ScreenHits TV, announced: “We couldn’t be more thrilled to be able to live stream the TRIC Awards for the second year in a row and bring the event to millions worldwide. "This year we will be incorporating fashion on the red carpet, pre-Awards interviews and the entire Awards show, celebrating the very best in British broadcasting.”