Royal sources said disgraced Prince Andrew was left “crushed and confused” after he was forced to remain out of sight at the Garter Day procession after an intervention by Prince Charles and Prince William. But royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk this is because the Duke of York doesn’t realise he is an “embarrassment” to the Firm.  He said: “The Queen has given him support as a loving mother, but he is an embarrassment to the monarchy. “Yet, bizarrely, he does not seem to realise this. “ Mr Fitzwilliams damning remarks come after it was reported the Duke of York was hoping to return to the royal fold after the Queen stripped him of his HRH title, and a number of patronages and affiliations. But his reported desire to be reinstated as a working royal was quashed earlier this week when a "family decision" was taken to limit his appearance to a behind-the-scenes lunch and investiture ceremony. The Duke of Cambridge is said to have threatened to not attend the ceremony if the Prince Andrew was in attendance. Earlier this year, the prince settled the case brought against him by Jeffrey Epstein accuser, Virginia Guiffre, with an out-of-court payment of an estimated £12 million.  READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's greeting to Charles showed 'little warmth' The Duke has vehemently denied the allegations brought against him by Ms Guiffre in the New York court. The settlement is not an admission of guilt. The Queen signalled her support for her son when she was joined by Prince Andrew at a memorial to celebrate the life of her late husband Prince Philip at Westminster Abbey.   DON'T MISS Do the honourable thing Andrew, move far away, says VIRGINIA BLACKBURN [COMMENT]Princess Beatrice carries out visit with close link to Edoardo [PICTURES]Prince Andrew titles in full - what he lost and what he could get back [EXPLAINER] Royal commentators said the Queen's decision to travel to London with Prince Andrew and walk down the nave of Westminster Abbey alongside him was a clear show of support to her second son. But nevertheless his presence raised eyebrows among royal watchers.  Andrew’s future as a member of the Firm remains unclear, after he was left out of the public eye for key events, including the Platinum Jubilee and the Garter Day procession. But he is said to be keen for his daughters Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie to become working members of the Firm, according to The Daily Telegraph. Princess Beatrice, 32, and Princess Eugenie, 31, were raised by their parents, Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson, as private citizens and both have careers outside the Firm.  Beatrice works for a software company and Eugenie is the director of an art gallery. Although the pair are regular attendees at royal events, they do not conduct official duties.