Andy Murray, 35, was dumped out of Wimbledon in the second round this week after he was beaten by John Isner. The Scot — who has won the Grand Slam twice — lost to his fellow veteran 6-4 7-6 (7-4) 6-7 (3-7) 6-4. The big-hitting American proved too much for Murray, despite the former British number one coming out on top in their last eight meetings. Despite Murray’s exit from the tournament, British tennis fans still have plenty of hope in the form of Cameron Norrie, who has reached the third round and Harriet Dart, who plays in the second round today. Ahead of this year’s championships, Murray opened up about tennis, family life and the relationship with his wife, Kim Sears, 34. The pair tied the knot in 2015 after they had dated for around 10 years, and now have four children. Speaking to The Times last week, Murray revealed how he makes a sweet tribute to Kim every time he plays. He said: “I can’t play tennis with my wedding ring on my finger, so I always tie it to my shoelaces. “A couple of times I’ve looked down and my shoelaces have untied, and I’m like, what’s happened? Where’s the ring? JUST IN: Cameron Norrie made brutal swipe at father’s ‘filthy Scottish accent’ “It has always come back to me, but the most recent time, I was certain it was gone. “I left my shoes underneath the car, because after playing tennis for three hours shoes don’t smell particularly good. “When we went back the next morning, the shoes had gone, with my wedding ring on.” He added: “Someone at the hotel had picked up my wedding ring and they weren’t forthcoming with getting it back to me until I got the police involved.” The missing ring episode came last year in the California desert, as the three-time Grand Slam winner was warming up for the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells. After learning from his physio that his ring was tied to his laces, he feared that he would never get the ring back. At the time, he explained how he was going to get the police involved, before the shoes and ring then reappeared. He said: “So basically the day after we realised they were, let's say, misplaced or someone had moved them, I went and I spoke to lost and found a couple of times at the hotel that day. “They said they'd found nothing. I spoke to security. They said they found nothing. I was like, 'Well, they're gone'. DON'T MISS: Novak Djokovic's bitter family feud with Roger Federer: 'Not a good man' [LATEST]'Who’s going to turn that down?' Christopher Walken's odd lion tamer career before acting [INSIGHT]Björn Borg’s rage in feud with John McEnroe stunned American: ‘I was totally shocked’ [ANALYSIS] “I was going to file a police report to try to get them back or to increase my chance of getting them back. “Anyway, I went and spoke to the hotel, explained to them that was what I was going to do. “They then decided to take all of my details down, the details of the shoes, the ring, took me out to the car park and asked exactly where I was parked.” He added: “I asked them if they could look at the cameras. About an hour later they turned up. “One of the employees at the hotel found them in their lost and found. So, yeah, thankfully managed to get them back, which was good.” Highlights of Murray vs Isner are available on BBC iPlayer.