Christian Eriksen's motives will once again be called into question should he join Manchester United this summer. The Danish international has emerged as a transfer target for the Red Devils as new manager Erik ten Hag eyes up a reunion, but if silverware is what Eriksen truly desires, then he may be better off seeking a Tottenham return. The 30-year-old Dane has experienced an inspiring comeback to the sport with Brentford in recent months having seen a life-threatening cardiac arrest while on international duty at Euro 2020 last year derail his career. Having been fit with an implantable cardiovascular defibrillator following the episode, Eriksen was released by Inter Milan and left to train with a number of sides from across Europe as he eyed a remarkable return. One such club who offered him an opportunity to undertake a career revival was Ten Hag's Ajax. Eriksen built-up his fitness with the Eredivisie title-winning squad prior to joining the Bees and it's fair to say he made quite the impression. According to the Mirror, Ten Hag was hugely enthused by Eriksen's application, desire and quality, and his performances with Brentford since - including an exceptional display against United at Old Trafford - have only further underlined his worth. So much so that Ten Hag is now understood to be keen on sealing a reunion with the Dane at United. READ MORE: Man Utd have six perfect sweeteners if Benfica willing to consider Darwin Nunez swap deal  The Red Devils appear to have joined the race for his services alongside Brentford, Everton and former club Tottenham. However, Eriksen has previously been warned about the perils of joining United as his motives were once questioned. Back in 2019, Eriksen was heavily linked with the Red Devils as the playmaker remained intent on running his Tottenham contract down. However, back then, former Spurs midfielder Michael Brown hinted that a move to Manchester might not be so wise if Eriksen harboured hopes of lifting silverware. “Only he can answer that," Brown told Goal when quizzed over swapping Spurs for United would be a backward step. "It’s about what type of move he wants – is it for financial [reasons] or does he want to go and try and win trophies, win leagues? READ MOREMan Utd can pay £2m more for better signing if Ajax star Jurrien Timber snubs transferPau Torres picks between Man Utd and Tottenham transfer as 'both clubs offer £45m'Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting  “Sometimes, look at Manchester United, they have had to overpay in certain situations to get players because they are not at the top of the pile now. There will be plenty of takers for Eriksen but it’s about who suits all parties. It will be interesting to see where that is and can Spurs change his mind.” Tottenham were, in fact, unable to sway the Dane, who subsequently joined Inter Milan for a cut-price £17million before later being crowned a Serie A champion. If Spurs are to see Eriksen return to North London, they may be tasked with trying to change his mind once again.  A reunion with Ten Hag will no doubt be tempting, especially as the pair enjoyed working closely together earlier in the year. However, Eriksen once again finds himself being asked the same question put forward by Brown over three years ago: Does he want to win trophies? If that answer is yes, then the Dane would be better off seeking a Spurs return. Not only can they fulfil his personal goal of playing in the Champions League once more - something United cannot offer next campaign - but they appear far more likely to scoop silverware than Ten Hag's United. How the tables have turned. 