With Neighbours’ final episode set to air in August, the cast wrapped the final ever episode earlier in the week. Alan Fletcher joined Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt on BBC Breakfast to discuss his final day on set, admitting it was “tough” to say goodbye to the much-loved Channel 5 soap. Naga began: “Now, Alan Fletcher who has played Dr Karl Kennedy for 28 years, joins us now from Melbourne. “Alan, hello, how are you feeling today?” “Good morning, it’s the day after we finished, yesterday was bittersweet, it was quite a tough day I’ll be fair to say,” Alan replied. “It was a very, very sad day. But celebratory as well as we were filming one of our very last scenes and we were surrounded by so many past cast members. “So it as actually an enormous amount of fun but of course sad that it was the last scene. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Charity Dingle devastated as Noah killed off-screen “What is it like when you all got together?” Naga asked. “I imagine cast members come and go, you stay in touch, because you like to think as a viewer that you are all family really and you do all get on.” Alan agreed: “Oh absolutely. Sometimes people can be away for many years and come back like it was yesterday. “Bumping into Peter O’Brien for instance, someone who I haven’t seen for goodness knows how many years, ‘Oh hi Pete, how are you doing?’ and we’re back where we were all those years ago. “Paul Keane, just wonderful to have Paul back. It’s an absolute joy to have people come back and because it’s a family it’s just like your second cousins come home after 10 years overseas.” Charlie went on to probe Alan for details of the final episode as he asked how so many former characters could return. “Well Charlie, I’m not going to give away any spoilers but through the magic of technology many people who couldn’t physically be with us have other ways of returning,” Alan shared. “I can tell you though that almost any person who available and who was approached was magnanimous enough to say yes. DON'T MISS...Neighbours fans 'gutted' as cast photo marks final ever day on set [LATEST]Ageless Kylie Minogue, 54, makes sexy style statement in mini dress [PICTURES]Neighbours' final scene with Kylie and Jason will be emotional [INSIGHT] “That’s the depths of the affection people have for the show and a recognition of just how much the show has done for them.” After filming the final Neighbours scene, the cast gathered for a photo together to mark the occasion. Executive Producer Jason Herbison said: “We all knew this day was coming but until we were here in this moment when the very last scene was filmed, it was hard to express how we would all feel. “Of course, it is sad and tears were shed, but we’re also enormously proud. “37 years is an incredible achievement and that should be celebrated. “We’ve also been incredibly touched by the response from our viewers all over the world. Neighbours is more than a TV show to many people. “They see us as part of the family and we feel privileged to have been invited into their homes, and I know the legacy of Neighbours will live on for many years.” Neighbours airs weekdays on Channel 5 at 1.45pm.