Carol McGiffin, 62, tied the knot with Mark Cassidy, 40, in 2018 in a secret ceremony in Bangkok, Thailand a decade after they got engaged. The couple was first introduced at a Loose Women wrap party in August 2008, when the ITV favourite was 48 and Mark was 26. Speaking candidly with her pal and former Loose Women co-star Kate Thornton, the columnist admitted she doesn't want to let her husband go as she touched on their age difference. Carol confessed some people were skeptical about the couple's romance. But the ITV favourite added things don't get easier as you get older as she has begun to notice changes in her body. "We've proved them all wrong. I'm not going to lie it does get difficult," she explained. READ MORE: Demi Moore shares new pics with rumoured 'boyfriend' Daniel Humm "As you age - you know what it's like - things change. You notice things. When you get up you start creaking." Kate interjected: "[Mark] doesn't. He gets up all agile and your like give us a hand." Carol chuckled at her pal's cheeky quip as she noted needing her other half's help to read items in the supermarket. "I notice all of those things but I know he doesn't," Carol mused. "It's really not a problem for him but everyday I have to kind of think, 'right it doesn't matter.... it doesn't matter.'"  She went on: "Sometimes I think maybe I should just let him go. But of course, I'm not going to let him go. Also, he doesn't want to go anywhere, more to the point." Kate assured: "He doesn't. He really thinks you're the bee's knees. Always has and I hope always will." Carol agreed: "Exactly." Kate then noted: "I think you struggle with that more than he does actually. You're the insecure one when it comes to the age difference and all of the different things it represents." DON'T MISS... Rod Stewart's moving tribute to late dad amid NHS gesture[LATEST]Demi Moore shares new pics with rumoured 'boyfriend' Daniel Humm[PICTURES]Nick Knowles, 59, and girlfriend Katie Dadzie, 32, loved-up at Ascot[ASCOT] The Loose Women panellist agreed with the podcast host and added it's "hard to keep up". She admitted that while she doesn't feel like she is in her 60s the presenter no longer feels as agile or fit as she was in her younger years. Carol admitted she no longer goes for long walks and doesn't attend the gym. The Loose Women host has since moved to the South of France with her beau. She regularly takes to Instagram and shares pictures of the pair's idyllic abode. In a post shared via her account in February, Carol marked their anniversary in a gushing tribute post. She wrote: "Don’t normally have a glass of wine on a Monday but three years ago today, Mark @cassola21 and I were in Bangkok, running around the city, free as birds, eating, drinking, laughing, sweating and…….getting married. "That was ten years after we’d met. Carol continued: "We are now stronger and more together than ever, despite all the c**p of the last twelve months. "I just hope that life is kind enough to give us both at least another ten years……."