McLaren Formula 1 star Daniel Ricciardo has confirmed he has had clear-the-air talks with boss Zak Brown following the American’s recent comments regarding the Australian’s dismal form. Ricciardo has struggled through a bitterly disappointing campaign in 2022 while teammate Lando Norris has continued to excel. Ricciardo has finished in the points just once - at his home race in Melbourne, where the Australian came sixth. The 32-year-old’s problems come after he finished eighth in the Drivers’ Championship in 2021 with 115 points amid plenty of criticism, despite claiming McLaren’s first race win since 2012 at the Italian Grand Prix. Monaco was another difficult weekend for Ricciardo as he crashed in practice before crossing the line in 14th. His struggles have been well-documented and speculation suggesting his premature exit from McLaren is growing, and team CEO Zak Brown suggested Ricciardo’s days are numbered. Brown fuelled the speculation surround Ricciardo’s future by suggesting the Australian had not lived up to expectations during his time with McLaren and there were mechanisms in place for dealing with contracts. Asked whether he has spoken to Brown ahead of the Azerbaijan Grand Prix, Ricciardo admitted he had caught up with his boss. READ MORE: Daniel Ricciardo told 'only way' to save McLaren career “We've spoken, we've had a catch-up, but nothing needed to be elaborated on,” Ricciardo said. “The clarity is there for us moving forward, my contract is clear with the team for next year, I'm fully committed, I've certainly voiced that. “Obviously now, it's [about performing] on track, and showing these moments, these races I know I'm capable of, and I do truly believe I have the full support of the team, and we want to do it together.” Ricciardo’s current run of four Grands Prix without a point is his worst since his debut season with Toro Rosso in 2012. When asked if he was surprised by Brown airing his thoughts in public, Ricciardo added: “I wasn't surprised. DON'T MISSMarko fires Pierre Gasly warning after Red Bull extend Perez stayDaniel Ricciardo receives damning Lando Norris verdict from Damon HillLewis Hamilton hired as film producer involving Brad Pitt “I’ve maybe become a little immune to the media, with being in the sport for so long. We do more and more as we go through the years. I don't really take it for its full value or worth, and some things are taken out of context, so I'm not really one to go into it, read too much and try and understand it. “At the end of the day, I know the facts between us and what I have with the team. Simply, I don't get caught up. So I guess I'm not surprised with anything these days.” Ricciardo is reportedly set to spend extra time in the McLaren simulator to improve his connection with the car. The 22-race F1 2022 campaign continues with the Azerbaijan Grand Prix in Baku on June 12.