The amount where people start to pay National Insurance contributions (NIC) is to increase from £9,880 to £12,570, from July 6. Ministers say that the tax change will benefit around 30 million people, with a tax cut of around £330 a year. Workers can quickly find out how the changes will affect them using an online tool on the Government website. Employees can use the tool to work out how the changes to the threshold, as well as the Health and Social Care Levy, will affect how much they pay. For the calculation to be correct, a person must be employed and paid the same amount monthly by their employer, through the PAYE system. The tool will not work for those who are not liable to pay the main rate of Class 1 contributions on earnings or profits. READ MORE: ‘It’s free money!’ Britons urged to act now to slash tax by thousands This will include people over state pension age, those who pay a reduced rate, people who work outside the UK or people who are self employed. Workers will also not get a correct amount if they have more than one employer or are not evenly paid in a monthly amount. This could include those who receive a bonus, who are paid by commission or who are paid weekly. Changes to a person’s circumstances such as a pay rise or changing employers could also affect their NIC.  Users of the tool are asked to input their annual salary, and then it displays the estimated amount that their NIC will change. Included with the result is the reminder: “NICs are administered in year by your employer, so if you have any questions about your payslip and how the changes have been applied, contact your employer in the first instance.” The Chancellor said that seven out of 10 people will be paying less in NIC from July even with the 1.25 percentage increase, brought in for the Health and Social Care levy. The levy came in from April, increasing the basic NI rate from 12 percent to 13.25 percent. READ MORE: Triple lock reinstated: How much will you get in state pension boost? From April 2023, working pensioners will start paying NI at 1.25 percent on any earnings they take in during retirement. Britons were previously not required to contribute to NI once they reached pension age. Tax experts have warned that this could be increased to the standard 13.25 percent rate paid by younger workers. Mark Routen, in-house tax specialist at Hoxton Capital Management, said that the change was the “thin end of the wedge”, with pensioners likely to see more tax hikes. He said: “The impact is often hidden at the time of implementation and people are not aware of the consequences until they bite personally.” The Government recently announced it would widen the ban on exclusivity clauses, allowing workers more flexibility to take on more work. The changes will apply to people earning £123 or less a week. Ministers previously increased the National Living Wage to £9.50, in a bid to help workers with the cost of living crisis.