Eamonn Holmes, 62, has heaped praise on his wife, Ruth Langsford, also 62, as she debuted her role as fashion designer for QVC. The This Morning presenter has put her penchant for fashion on display as she debuted her collaboration with the television shopping channel. Eamonn highlighted the hugely successful partnership as he praised his wife for her hard work. However, the collaboration can also prove a challenge sometimes as the “all-consuming” design task leaves Eamonn feeling it is “like being married to Victoria Beckham”. He said: “Ruth is now phenomenally successful as a fashion designer for QVC. "She is the second highest selling clothing brand on QVC internationally. "She spends her time agonising over detail and plans and designs – it must be like being married to Victoria Beckham, you know? “It’s all-consuming really,” the GB News broadcaster added to the Mirror. Ruth and Eamonn recently celebrated a special milestone together following his serious health concerns. In a social media post marking their anniversary, Ruth publicly declared her love for Eamonn She shared a picture of the pair while they were enjoying a well-described break in a seaside hotspot. Eamonn wore a light blue, summer shirt , which he accessorised with circular dark shades. Meanwhile, Ruth donned a pair of tortoiseshell shades, with her hair in a relaxed up-do. She wrote in the caption: “Happy Anniversary my love @eamonnholmes. READ MORE...Novak Djokovic's sad confession about marriage to wife Jelena [LATEST]Victoria Beckham slams David over 'disciplined' diet comments [INSIGHT]Amanda Owen confirms sudden split from grumpy husband Clive [NEWS] “Loved you then Love you still Always have Always will.” Eamonn sparked health concerns after he was rushed to hospital in “excruciating pain” at the start of June. Due to his trapped sciatic nerve pain, Ruth’s former This Morning co-presenter was forced to spend some time off-air. Eamonn spoke out on his health woes in his first column for Express.co.uk, recounting how the unexpected hospital trip saw him miss out on the historical coverage of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Celebrations. Speaking about his team at GB News, he said: “They have my respect, admiration and thanks. “But right now my heart belongs to the NHS - and the Angels who got me back on my feet again. Thank you.” Eamonn has suffered from long-term health difficulties in recent years, and is often seen walking with a stick now. He had previously opened up on his battle with chronic back pain after a dislocated pelvis led to three slipped discs.