Making kitchen improvements can at first sound very costly, especially in the midst of the cost of living crisis, fuelled by material shortages and soaring energy costs. Many opt for hiring a professional to carry out renovation jobs, however, this can cost hundreds, if not thousands of pounds. Instead interior experts suggest using paint to freshen up cabinets and make them appear brand news without the huge price tag. Choose a paint colour that complements a kitchen like the choice of countertop, backsplash and flooring, as well as any spaces with which the room connects and your efforts can be truly impactful. It’s a project that will take time and care, but the results are worth it and experts have shared a step-by-step guide to getting an excellent finish. Mary Maloney from Bee’s Knees Interior Design said: “Nothing is more impactful than a fresh coat of paint - a game changer. “Paint can completely transform the look and feel of your home. “A fresh coat of paint can revive, refresh, and add new life to tired and dated cabinets.” READ MORE: Home improvements: How to give you kitchen ‘new lease of life’ The right way to paint kitchen cabinets is to prepare thoroughly first, by cleaning the cabinets and taking both door and drawer fronts off, followed by sanding as necessary, priming as required, then painting – all in the correct order. Eric Regan, owner of Mission Painting & Home Improvements said: “You cannot paint cabinets without proper prep. “If you don’t prepare properly, they will peel, blister and bubble.” To paint kitchen cabinets with a professional finish, removing the cabinet door and drawer fronts is highly recommended. Paul Stein, CEO of Trusted House Painter explained: “It allows easy painting without straining. “It prevents excess drip marks, it makes the hidden crevasses accessible and paint dries quicker.” DON'T MISS:How to achieve the ‘best results’ when pruning blueberry bushes [TIPS]‘Essential’ tips to preserve supermarket basil - ‘thrives for months’ [EXPERT]Oven cleaning: ‘Extremely easy’ 29p way to clean your oven glass [INSIGHT] To ensure it’s straightforward to put doors and drawers back in place, stick pieces of masking tape labelled with the position of each door and drawer onto front of them. Take out the contents of the cabinets and drawers and store them safely. Using a degreaser or sugar soap, clean the doors and drawer fronts. Clean out the inside of cabinets too, and get rid of any spilled foods or stains. Take care not to lose the labels, which are the key to getting doors and drawer fronts back into the correct position at the end of the project when you’re cleaning. Cover the kitchen floor, counters and appliances too, to keep them clean and protect them during the work. The next step is to sand the cabinet doors using sandpaper and begin with any crevices in the surface, moving on to the flat faces. Don’t omit the edges. Once the sanding is finished, it is imperative to get rid of the dust created by using a damp lint-free cloth to wipe everything down. Unless your chosen paint doesn’t require it, it is crucial to prime the cabinet surfaces for best results. Choose a primer that’s suitable for the material from which the cabinet doors are made. Dean Mergel, general manager of Colour Envy Painting explained the need for primer. He said: “Ensure that you are using a primer that will counteract bleeding which is the natural appearance of the wood coming through. “Oil-based primers are the best products to use to reduce the risk of bleeding on wooden kitchen cabinets.” Apply the first coat of primer evenly across the surface of the door and leave to dry. When the first coat is completely dry, sand lightly with a fine grit paper. Clean, then apply a second coat of primer and allow to dry thoroughly. To apply the first coat of paint, start by painting the rear of the doors, then move on to the front where you should work over and in between any crevices or grooves first. Make sure you create an even finish across every surface of the door, aim for at least two thin coats rather than a thick finish. Apply a second coat as before, concentrating on getting an even finish and avoiding any brush marks.