Kate Middleton and Prince William took their three children Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four to Trooping the Colour on Thursday and the Jubilee Pageant on Sunday. Meanwhile, George and Charlotte accompanied their parents without their younger brother to Cardiff on Saturday, as well as to the Party at the Palace concert later that evening. How will they be feeling now it’s all over and normality begins again?  Stephanie Wallis, the founder of Safe and Sound Event Childcare spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to offer her analysis. She said: “This has been the most amazing four days for the Royal Family and all of the country. “Every day has been filled with wonderful events which we have all witnessed and participated in. “The Cambridge children have been deliberately brought centre stage for this landmark point in the history of the United Kingdom. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'draws strength' from 'pitch perfect' Meghan Markle “This will have taken many weeks of careful 'rehearsals'. “Time will have been spent carefully educating the children on what is going to happen and what will be required of them at each event, gradually the royal protocols become part of their everyday lives as they mature,” the expert claimed. She continued: “Children thrive with a routine but we all have times in our lives where their schedules will stray. “Behind the scenes, their nanny will have done her utmost to ensure that the children get as much sleep as their schedule will allow and eat well. “And what a schedule they have had! “They made their carriage debut for the Trooping of the Colour, stood on the balcony and watched the Flypast and the two older children zipped off to Cardiff and then attended the Party at the Palace all in three days. “All of this would be quite exhausting without adding in the fact that the whole world is watching every move and word uttered. “So not only is there the physical side of what they have participated in such as standing on the balcony, waving from the carriage, there is the emotional side of the whole event.”  How will the children be feeling now it’s all over? Stephanie opined: “This fabulous weekend will have been a completely exhausting event even with all which will have been put in place to assist them. “Almost stationary for several hours is not what a four-year-old does - they are always 'busy', so it's not surprising that Louis was 'vigorously' waving at time. “Like any unusual activity, sitting in a carriage will start off as great fun but after a little while the novelty will start to wear off, but Louis did amazingly well!  “Not only is there the practical side of what they have participated such as standing on the balcony, waving from the carriage, but there is also the emotional side of the whole event. “The children absorb the emotions of all which is behind the scenes with their family. “Such an intensely emotional time. They are after all just little children and on Monday they will be back in school having had the most amazing experience, but defiantly shattered. “This week will definitely be a week of early nights and comfort food.” 