Gareth Bale has been urged to snub an emotional move to his boyhood club, Cardiff City, and instead join the ambitious project at Newcastle. The Welshman will be a free agent when his contract at Real Madrid expires at the end of this month and he is eager to join a new club to stay sharp ahead of the World Cup later this year. A whole host of clubs have been credited with an interest in Bale since it was confirmed that his trophy-laden stint at the Bernabeu would come to an end this summer, including the likes of Aston Villa and Newcastle. But former Wales favourite Dean Saunders believes that Bale would be the perfect fit for the Magpies. Saunders told talkSPORT: “If I could pick a club for him to go to now, I’d say sign for Newcastle. They’ve got a project; they’re going in the right direction – he would slot in. "The fans right now in Newcastle, because I’ve been there and I worked there – and I realise how much they love the club – right now they could sell 80,000 season tickets.” READ MORE: Arsenal 'close in' on third summer signing ahead of Fabio Vieira transfer The Magpies have cash to splash this summer under their new Saudi owners, however, it remains to be seen if the 32-year-old would be tempted to return to the Premier League. It was reported earlier this month that Tottenham - Bale's old club - had no interest in bringing him back to the club for a third spell. The attacker plundered 16 goals in 34 games after he returned to north London on a year-long loan deal back in the 2020/21 campaign. After inspiring Wales to a crucial play-off win over Ukraine earlier this month, Bale is eager to continue his playing career to ensure he's fit and firing to star for Rob Page's men as they make their first World Cup appearance in 64 years. DON'T MISSArsenal shirt numbers Fabio Vieira could wear after Gunners 'agree £30m transfer'Arsenal 'agree deal to sign Fabio Vieira' with Porto star 'to fly to London' for medicalErik ten Hag faces third possible Man Utd snub as Chelsea consider hijacking move Although various clubs have been linked with Bale, speculation surrounding an emotional move to his hometown club, Cardiff, has ramped up in recent weeks - but Bale has kept coy on his future. Bale recently teased: “I know possible destinations. I don’t really know if the standard makes too much of a difference, to be honest. Football games are football games. I feel like I’ll never really lose my quality on the ball, so I guess it’s a conversation to be had. “I’ve been available for quite a lot of the games in Spain. Sometimes you just don’t get picked so people assume that you’re injured; it’s just that perception. People think I play a lot of golf, but I actually don’t; people think I’m injured a lot but I’m actually not.”