The Queen's eldest granddaughter, 41, attended today's tennis matches alongside her husband and seemed very much in love with him, as seen in the pictures. She was the first member of the Royal Family to attend Wimbledon this year. The couple attended the tennis match hand in hand and Zara stunned in a new Polo Ralph Lauren white linen tiered shirt dress. Observing a previous appearance of the couple, a royal expert had said that indeed they are stilll "very much in love", after more than 10 years of marriage. The daughter of Princess Anne tied the knot with former rugby union player Mike Tindall in 2011. Together, they have three children, Mia, eight, Lena, three, and baby Lucas, one. Body language expert Darren Stanton, speaking at Hello magazine, had said: "There’s no denying that Mike and Zara Tindall have a very close relationship.” The expert's comments came after an appearance of the two lovebirds at Royal Ascot, alongside other members of the royal family. Zara and Mike looked stunning among the crowd as they were holding each other’s arms. The gesture and the way that Zara was leaning toward her husband, gripping him tight, showed that Mike makes her a happy woman, according to the expert. Mr Stanton said: “They were pictured with Zara placing her arm through her husband’s arm and she’s gripping on tight. "While such a gesture could be seen in a negative way and a need for reassurance from Zara, the genuineness of her emotions here and the true happiness she is displaying suggests the opposite." The couple is seen in the eyes of fans as a “team”, while Mike Tindall evidently enjoys being a member of the royal family. Mike Tindall, 43, is a cherished member of the royal family and often delights fans when he takes part in high-level public engagements alongside his wife and her relatives. READ MORE: Expert reveals why Zara and Mike Tindall are 'very much in love'  Tennis titans Serena Williams and Rafael Nadal are among those in action at Wimbledon's grass courts today. Day two heralds Williams' first match in the 2022 tournament as her efforts to reach a record-equalling 24th grand slam singles title begin. The US athlete will face France's Harmony Tan, who at age 24 is 16 years her junior. Just over 36,600 people poured in to the All England Club yesterday in SW19 to watch sports stars including Andy Murray, Novak Djokovic and Emma Raducanu as the tournament returned at full capacity for the first time in three years. DON'T MISS: Zara Tindall looks 'on point' at Wimbledon in £265 Ralph Lauren dress Mike Tindall's CLOSE bond and hugs for royal familyMike Tindall gushes over wife Zara and backs her 'big year ahead' Organisers had expected 42,000 spectators daily - the maximum capacity - but many seats were left empty on Monday, even in Centre Court. It came as thousands of people queued overnight for on-the-day premium tickets. Several fans who had been camping outside said they felt attendance was lower, even in the queue, because of the absence of fan-favourite Roger Federer this year. Fears about Covid-19, which has already taken two players out of the running, and rainy weather may also have been putting some people off. 