Liverpool are poised to agree terms with Aberdeen wonderkid Calvin Ramsay, according to reports. Negotiations are progressing well with the Scotsman as Jurgen Klopp aims to build on the momentum generated by a breakthrough in the deal for Darwin Nunez, and Reds fans could soon welcome two new faces to Anfield. Liverpool have been forced to reshuffle the pack this summer by Sadio Mane's decision to take on a new challenge. Bayern Munich is his expected destination so long as they increase their previous offer, and the Reds have wasted no time in swooping for Darwin Nunez as his replacement. A move for Aberdeen's Ramsay was not enforced, however, but rather an attempt by the Reds to lock down a promising talent at a bargain price. Fabrizio Romano claims that the two parties are set to agree personal terms as the 18-year-old is keen to move south of the border and continue his development. Price may be the only sticking point as Aberdeen hold out for around £8.5million including add-ons, whereas Liverpool are believed to have offered £6m. JUST IN: Arsenal 'monitoring' 10-goal Real Madrid attacker who Man Utd have enquired about Either way, auctioning off Ramsay is set to smash Aberdeen's record for a player sale, which currently stands at £3m. And that may not come as a surprise to fans given the promise that Ramsay has already shown in his solitary season of regular first-team football. Last term he made 24 appearances in the Scottish Premiership, scoring once and assisting four. The teenager will have a tough time displacing first-choice right-back Trent Alexander-Arnold on a long-term basis, but Klopp has shown a willingness to give young players game time which will surely sweeten the deal from Ramsay's perspective. DON'T MISS...Tottenham boss Conte 'in talks' for £8.5m bargain he can't pass up onMan City boss Guardiola has 'secret pact' with Bernardo Silva amid Barcelona interestTottenham 'in advanced negotiations' to sign Everton ace Richarlison In 2021/22, 17-year-old Kaide Gordon notched four appearances, 19-year-old duo Tyler Morton and Harvey Elliott notched nine and 11 respectively, while 21-year-old Curtis Jones was in and around the first team for the whole campaign as he racked up 27 matches. Ramsay could join up with the same crop of promising youngsters, who Reds coaches clearly believe are capable of coping with the demands of senior football. Fans, players and staff have been aware of the Scot's talents since he made his breakthrough, and Aberdeen chairman Dave Cormack was seemingly braced for high-profile transfer approaches as far back as December last year. "He has a nice family and is a lovely kid," he said. "He looks after himself and keeps his feet on the ground. "There are not many right back at his age like him, doing what he does. Look at the data and all the clubs look at the same [scouting] systems. He is in the elite upper bracket, right up there, for a young right-back in Europe. "People are seeing that and that is why we believe there will be a lot of interest, although we have not had a call from anybody yet. We haven’t had any contact from any clubs in any of our young players, Calvin Ramsay or otherwise. The window is coming up so we will see." “There are not many right back at his age like him, doing what he does. Look at the data and all the clubs look at the same (scouting) systems. He is in the elite upper bracket, right up there, for a young right-back in Europe. “People are seeing that and that is why we believe there will be a lot of interest, although we have not had a call from anybody yet. We haven’t had any contact from any clubs in any of our young players, Calvin Ramsay or otherwise. The window is coming up so we will see. Calvin has been out injured and it might be another two to three weeks before he is back, I don’t know.”