Boris Johnson was jeered by the public during Platinum Jubilee celebrations because they are "fed up" with the Conservative Government, according to his political rival. The Prime Minister was booed by some in the crowd as he arrived with his wife, Carrie Johnson, to attend the National Service of Thanksgiving for the Queen at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday. Sky's Kay Burley asked the Brexit Opportunities minister: "There wasn't much calm when he was being booed outside of St Paul's Cathedral, was there?" Speaking to Sky News, Mr Rees-Mogg replied: "There was a little bit of booing, a little bit of cheering that is perfectly normal." Ms Burley interjected: "A little bit of booing at the church steps of a great cathedral when people were gathered there to pay their respects to the Thanksgiving of this Queen?" Mr Rees-Mogg continued: "Ms Burley I think you over-interpret what happened. "Political figures must expect this. READ MORE: SNP to cut 17.000 jobs from the public sector  "Bear in mind that at the funeral of Margaret Thatcher, the most successful Conservative Prime Minister, there were protests. "Politicians who do things, achieve things and lead the country well obviously stir up strong emotions in certain sections of the population. "I think that this sort of party that they were on the steps of St Paul's is not really reflective of British society." After reiewing the clip, he added: "That was a bit miserable really." During the interview, former Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt tweeted that he will be voting against Mr Johnson in a no confidence vote this evening. Mr Rees-Mogg noted: "Mr Hunt lost last time around and therefore he clearly wants another go at it." The Prime Minister was informed on Sunday that he would face the vote after Sir Graham Brady, the chairman of the backbench 1922 Committee, confirmed he had received the 54 letters from Conservative MPs needed to trigger the ballot. The vote - by secret ballot - will take place at Westminster on Monday between 6pm and 8pm, with the count to take place immediately afterwards. DON'T MISS How long has Boris Johnson been PM? [INSIGHT]'You resigned from his cabinet!' Justin Webb makes Javid squirm [VIDEO]Andrew Neil insists Boris in trouble even if he wins confidence vote [ANALYSIS] A steady stream of Tory MPs called publicly for the Prime Minister to stand down in the wake of Sue Gray's report into breaches of the Covid regulations in No 10 and Whitehall. But discontent goes far wider, covering the Prime Minister's economic policies which have seen the tax burden reach the highest in 70 years, as well as his style of leadership. In order to oust the Prime Minister, however, the rebels will need 180 MPs, and allies of Mr Johnson made clear he is determined to fight to stay on. Speaking shortly after Sir Graham made his announcement, Health Secretary Sajid Javid told Sky News: "If there is (a vote) the Prime Minister will stand and fight his corner with a very, very strong case."