Dame Deborah James, 40, has told her brother, Ben, to go on his trip to the United States as it has been "planned for ages" despite the BBC broadcaster receiving end-of-life care. Deborah admitted in a candid interview that she has warned him he "cannot come back under any circumstances" as it will be so "horrible saying goodbye to him". Deborah is currently receiving end-of-life care at her parents home as she has reached the final stage of her cancer battle. The former BBC broadcaster took to Instagram earlier this month to share the news that her brother and his partner Ashley had got engaged. Speaking in a recent interview about her brother, she revealed: "He's off on holiday to the US tomorrow. I have told him they have to go, they’ve planned the trip for ages. "I also told him he must not come back, under any circumstances. He says he’ll come home. READ MORE: Davina McCall flaunts bikini body as she shares ‘diary post’ of trip "It'll be horrible saying goodbye to him. I can’t really think about it right now", she admitted to The Sun. Deborah was ecstatic to be involved in her brother's engagement, sharing a heartwarming post about the couple. Part of it read: "Of course I’m sad I won’t see the wedding but it gave me an excuse to throw my last impromptu party (and I even sat at the table for a bit of it!!)." Deborah has been taking her cancer diagnosis in her stride, and has become a very successful campaigner for Bowel Cancer. When she went public about going into palliative care the former BBC broadcaster set up a fundraising page in the name Bowel Babe Fund. In the heartbreaking message, she wrote: "So, I suppose this is the message I never wanted to get to! But it's written with a vision that I'm truly determined to deliver. "We have tried everything, but my body simply isn't playing ball. "Even with all the innovative cancer drugs in the world or some magic new breakthrough, I realise that my rollercoaster of a ride is coming to an end very soon. DON'T MISS... Donny Osmond on 'moment I'll never forget' amid final farewell [INSIGHT] Elvis' widow Priscilla, 77, joined by three generations of Presley's [PICS] Martin Lewis speaks out after 'swollen face' sparks concern [COMMENT] "Your support in establishing the Bowelbabe Fund, continuing to spread the word, and smashing those poo taboos will forever be cherished!" Deborah's campaigning touched the country, with the fundraising page so far reaching over £6 million in donations. The money raised is going towards Cancer Research UK, The Institute of Cancer Research (ICR) and The Royal Marsden. Deborah has also released a clothing line with fashion brand InTheStyle, with all proceeds going to the Bowel Babe Fund. The founders of the brand came to see Deborah at the weekend to share the good news that they had made over £1 million. Ecstatic, she wrote on Instagram: "I am honestly so overwhelmed we, through @inthestyle raised over £1,000,000 for @bowelbabefund for @cr_uk! "All from sales of the ITS x Dame Deborah James collection and ‘Rebellious Hope’ T-shirts that I designed with @inthestyle. (One million, that’s just crazy)." "‘Rebellious Hope’ is what has got me through the last few years and it’s what is keeping me going now! "Seeing all your messages, tags and support has just been the best and I am so grateful that we have been able to do this together! Thank you all."