Iryna Venediktova, who is overseeing multiple war crimes inquiries in the country, said officials have found more than 20 cases of forced deportation. Prosecutor General Ms Venediktova said that focusing on the removal of children was the best way to secure the evidence needed to meet the legal definition of genocide, amid the chaos of Russia's invasion. She said: "From the first days of the war, we started this case about genocide. That's why this forcible transfer of children is very important for us." Under international humanitarian law, forcibly transferring children is classified as genocide, the most serious of war crimes. Ms Venediktova declined to provide a number for how many youngsters had allegedly been forcibly transferred. But earlier this week Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky accused Russia of snatching more than 200,000 children, along with adults. Russia has previously claimed it is offering humanitarian aid to those wanting to flee Ukraine voluntarily. Ms Venediktova warned that efforts to gather evidence were being complicated by the raging war. She said: "To this day, we don't have access to the territory. We don't have access to people who we can ask, who we can interview. We are waiting until this territory will be de-occupied." Other alleged war crimes being investigated include the deliberate targeting of civilians, rape and torture. Ms Venediktova said Ukraine had identified more than 600 Russian war crimes suspects and had already begun prosecutions against around 80. Ukrainian politician Inna Sovsun condemned Russia over allegations of child deportations. She said: "Russians have stolen hundreds of children's lives." "They steal childhood, murder children's parents, destroy their homes." "All that to destroy anything Ukrainian, give them Russian citizenship, try to teach what is Russia." "However, these children already know what the real Russia is. The country that only produces mass deaths and destruction." It comes as Vladimir Kira Rudik, a Ukrainian MP for the Golos Party, said: "About 800 people are hiding in Soviet-era bomb shelters under the Azot chemical plant in the city. There are fears that Sievierodonetsk may have its own Azovstal." The Azovstal steelworks in Mariupol became a symbol of resistance against Moscow aggression, with hundreds of civilians and soldiers hiding there for weeks as Russians flattened the port city into submission. Much of Mariupol has now been destroyed, with many buildings left gutted wrecks. A huge graveyard in the city saw more burials yesterday. The massive makeshift cemetery is full of simple, wooden posts, some of which have name plates saying simply "unknown". Meanwhile, Ukraine's leader marked the 100th day of war yesterday with a defiant video from the capital. Mr Zelensky stood in front of the presidential office alongside key members of his team. He said: "The armed forces of Ukraine are also here. The people of our nation are here." "We're defending Ukraine for 100 days already. Victory will be ours. Glory to Ukraine!" The footage echoed a similar clip Mr Zelensky shared from the same location on February 25 as he refused to leave the country the day after Putin launched his brutal invasion. It comes as Foreign Secretary Liz Truss reaffirmed Britain's support for Ukraine, warning Russia's "unjustified and illegal" onslaught threatens world peace and economic stability. She said: "Today is a moment to pay our respects to the thousands of innocent civilians murdered, and reaffirm our steadfast support for Ukraine's heroic defence, to ensure they succeed and Putin fails." "This war has huge ramifications for global peace."