Golden Valley in Folkestone, Kent had previously been a Ministry of Defence (MOD) settlement area and, although fewer military families live there now, a number of them still remain. When the "appalling" sign popped up outside a house on Enbrook Road last week, it sparked outrage in the local community. One concerned resident said the sign "does nothing to convey our spirit of friendliness towards our military neighbours", reports Kent Live. George Pound, a former solider who served between 1958 and 1993 said: "I was absolutely disgusted, having been a soldier myself, everywhere I’ve gone I’ve tried to be friendly with my neighbours and got on with everybody. "It’s just not British. At the end of the day, the soldier can’t say where he’s going to live, they’ll be told by their superiors. "We’re supposed to be a welcoming country. We’ve just celebrated The Queen’s Jubilee where diversity was celebrated, we’ve remembered D-Day and the number of people that we lost there, so to display that sign, it’s appalling." In a letter he wrote to neighbours, the 82-year-old said: "If it wasn't for members of our Armed Forces, they would not have the freedom to display such a sign. "I wonder how they would feel if a member of their family were serving in the forces and on arrival at that new post were confronted by such hostility "We are fortunate to have a good relationship with all our neighbours, which includes the families stationed in Shorncliffe Camp who live amongst us. "They are not troublemakers but peacekeepers and as such should be treated with the same respect that we treat each other in our daily lives. "These families are far from home and should be made to feel welcome here." In his letter, George urged other residents of Enbrook Road, to display a sign showing they are not against the MOD - and they did. Another neighbour, Bob Clark said: "Since the sign appeared .some residents have taken to putting window signs up supporting forces families, and the original sign has been defamed!"  George added: "I was active from 1958 until 1993, so I’ve done a fair bit of service and I’ve worked for the Ministry of Defence as a civilian as well, so Ministry of Defence is me through and through. "There’s a couple of us who have got our signs up saying ‘The Golden Valley welcomes forces families. I’ve put my one up". It has since been reported that the sign that read "MOD not welcome here" has been taken down.