Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has reportedly stressed to his new players that changes ‘must come from them’. The Dutchman has inherited a team low on morale after a chastening campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last time out. But, with as many as four signings lined up, it’s not all doom and gloom over at Old Trafford. Ten Hag is keen to be a success at United and, on Monday, started work at Carrington for the very first time. The Dutchman put members of the squad through their paces, with many senior members yet to return, along with assistants Mitchell van der Gaag and Steve McClaren. ESPN say that Ten Hag has told United players, however, that the biggest change of all ‘must come from them’. Many downed tools last term as the Red Devils finished sixth in the Premier League table, a huge 35 points behind fierce rivals and eventual winners Manchester City. Ten Hag has told his new squad that a ‘miserable season last year does not make them bad players'. And, barring those who have made it clear they want to leave, the Dutchman intends to give everybody a clean slate. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez United apparently have a ‘sizeable’ budget to spend on new recruits this summer as they look to finish in the top four next term. However, the 52-year-old is also aware that he needs to get the best from those he’s inheriting rather than rely on John Murtough for an overhaul of the squad. United reportedly distanced themselves from Rangnick’s comments about them needing as many as 10 new recruits after their 4-0 defeat to Liverpool in April. Yet while that’s the case, they’re currently lining up four signings. Frenkie de Jong is their top target and, though there have been suggestions he doesn’t want to move to Old Trafford, he’s still expected to touch down from Barcelona. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen The Red Devils have agreed a fee of £56million for the midfielder, while they’re also prepared to pay more in add-ons. United have stoled a march on Lyon in order to snap up Tyrell Malacia, who is due to arrive from Feyenoord. And Lisandro Martinez and Antony are also in the Dutchman’s sights, with Ten Hag previously coaxing the best from them at Ajax. United know they need to bounce back as they look to bring the glory days back to the ‘Theatre of Dreams’. But with their rivals also strengthening this summer, that could be easier said than done. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Meanwhile, speaking exclusively to Express Sport recently, Wes Brown insisted the first target for Ten Hag should be achieving consistency. United have lacked a set playing style since the Louis van Gaal era, where they’d often dominate games but failed to score enough goals. And Brown, when asked what the aim for Ten Hag should be right away, said: “Consistency. “I know everyone talks about trophies but, for me, it’s more about consistency. “Can we get to a level of playing and being good? Can we win them games where we’re not so good, can we scuff out a 1-0 win. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “We start with the basics, is everybody doing right? Is everybody committed right? “For me, that’s a big key. And can we keep the consistency going? “Last season, you saw that in certain games. There were some games we were brilliant in one half then I don’t know what would happen in the other. “That’s the consistency I’m talking about. We can’t be up and down, we have to be on a nice level and get the confidence going. “From that, the results happen.”