Newcastle’s revamp is set to continue this summer, with many expecting to sit back and watch an immense spending spree at St James’ Park. However, rather than bringing in fresh faces immediately, the club have decided to make Matt Targett’s loan move from Aston Villa permanent before approaching other targets. The left-back was unveiled as a Magpies player on Wednesday following a successful loan spell last season that saw him help Eddie Howe’s side avoid relegation. The next obvious step for the Toon Army is to consolidate themselves as a top ten side before attempting to win silverware. And despite signing several defenders in January, Newcastle are keen to sign a centre-back this summer. The Telegraph report that the club are close to making a ‘breakthrough’ in their pursuit of Sven Botman of Lille. The Dutch defender has been heavily linked to the Magpies, though there has also been interest in the 22-year-old from AC Milan. It is thought that £30million would be enough for Lille to finally part ways with the central defender. READ MORE: Liverpool 'prepared to sacrifice 10-goal attacker' in swap deal for Leeds star Raphinha It remains to be seen how Howe rejigs his defence to fit Botman in if he does put pen to paper in Tyneside, though the Dutchman is certainly a sure starter. He made 25 appearances for Lille last season, scoring three and assisting one. With Targett also signing a bumper deal, questions will be raised as to whether Newcastle will press on with their pursuit of Atletico Madrid left-back Renan Lodi. The Brazilian has been heavily linked with a move to the club and is expected to attract a significant transfer fee. READ MOREMan Utd can pay £2m more for better signing if Ajax star Jurrien Timber snubs transferBenfica respond to Man Utd 'swap deal offer for Darwin Nunez' with counter proposalLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting But Targett didn’t bare a thought to the potential competition when speaking after his new deal was announced. He told NUFC TV: “The fans, the players, the staff, they’ve all welcomed me and I really loved my time here for sure. I'm glad I've extended for another four years. I spoke with the manager just before the Burnley game and he said he wanted to sign me. "Then after the last game of the season, it was a bit quiet for a bit and then about a week ago it started to liven up. We've been back and forth and now I'm just over the moon that we got it done.”