Laura Hamilton met Janine and Mark this week as the Channel 4 presenter set out on a mission to find the couple their perfect holiday home around the Western Dordogne region of France. The search was a bumpy ride for the A Place in the Sun host and it didn’t end well when the couple demanded the tour of the last property be brought to a close prematurely. Janine and Mark were looking for a three-bedroom house which could work for both themselves and Mark’s mum. The couple had a budget of £230,000 and were interested in rental opportunities. Laura’s first offering didn’t get the reaction from the couple she would have liked. “It doesn’t seem to have the character we wanted,” Mark observed. Read more: A Place in the Sun's Ben Hillman 'frustrated' by indecisive buyers “I appreciate it doesn’t have the character but I brought you here because it's a three-bedroom with the possibility of gîte,” Laura explained. As the couple took a look around, they pointed out the inside felt “dark” and “closed in”. Laura had far more success with the second property which the couple confirmed was a contender. Janine commented: “It feels really homey,” and Mark added: “I love the mix of the old and the new, a lot of character.” Laura remarked: “After the first property went so badly I’m so glad with the reaction to this.” The Channel 4 presenter’s third offering failed to excite the couple but the fourth property provided the couple with a lot to think about. “It’s been somewhat of a tricky search but I’ve got two contenders and one last chance,” Laura noted. The property expert had one final opportunity to impress the couple but unfortunately, Janine and Mark were not impressed. DON'T MISSA Place in the Sun's Leah Charles-King stunned as buyers walk off  [INSIGHT]A Place in the Sun's Danni Menzies opens up on cut scenes [INTERVIEW]A Place in the Sun's Jean Johansson taken aback by couple's refusal [VIDEO] “I don’t want to like it,” Janine commented as she walked onto the property comparing it to the previous house. “This might be better!” Laura insisted but Janine hit back: “No, I’m not feeling it.” As the presenter showed the couple around, it was clear neither of them was interested. Halfway through the tour, Laura asked: “Do you want me to leave it?” “I think we should leave it here I don’t see any point in looking further,” Janine agreed. Despite the disappointing end to the search, Laura was thrilled to discover the couple wanted to put an offer in on the fourth house. The property was on the market for £201,000 but the couple had their offer of £190,000 accepted. “I’ve got goosebumps,” a thrilled Janine commented and Laura agreed. A Place in the Sun airs on Channel 4 on weekdays at 4pm.