Taking to TikTok, Welshman Dean Morris shared his "very Llanelli" story of how he accidentally left his car window open, prompting a thief to take a peek inside. However, the thief appears to have ignored the valuables inside and stolen only Dean's Greggs sausage roll, WalesOnline reports. Dean, whose 'Dheanasaur' comedy account on TikTok has 616,000 followers, posted a video on the social media platform recounting the "bizarre" incident. He said he had driven to his hometown Llanelli to visit his family and was so excited to see his grandmother that he parked on her street without closing his car window. The 27-year-old said he only spent a few minutes in the house before heading back out and realising the window was open. Someone had reached through the gap and opened the door, but to Dean's relief his phone and wallet were still there. Then he went to reach for a sausage roll he had bought that day but was "fuming" to discover it had been pilfered. In a TikTok video filmed in his car, he said: "Someone had seen my car was open, opened my car door, seen all of the important stuff in my car and thought, 'You know what? I'm gonna have his lonesome sausage roll.' I know I should be relieved that no one stole any important stuff. But this sausage roll was important to me. I was looking forward to it. It's so typical of Llanelli." Dean later told WalesOnline he couldn't believe it had happened. He said it was "the most Llanelli thing" but added that Greggs is not particularly popular in the town. "The oddest thing is if you're in Llanelli and buy a sausage roll, you buy it from Jenkins, the Llanelli pasty shop ⁠— not Greggs. I'd bought it in the services on the way."  Could the theft have been a show of anger at Dean giving his custom to Greggs instead of the much-loved Jenkins? "I'd agree with them but it's still my sausage roll," Dean laughed. "As soon as I said it was in Llanelli, everyone said, 'Oh, that does happen there.' "I was only in a few minutes so it was a very swift sausage roll stealer. I think if I reported it I might get arrested for wasting police time." Dean, who makes content for Channel 4 and BBC Sesh, set off from Llanelli on an empty stomach and headed to London to attend the MCM London Comic Con convention. When he arrived he bought a Tesco £3 meal deal made up of a southern fried chicken wrap, a Wispa Gold Duo bar and bottle of water. He told WalesOnline: "They took the Duo off the meal deal range for a while, now it's back on. They're playing with my emotions. If it had been off the meal deal after the day I'd had, I think it would have tipped me over the edge." 