The couple were spotted joking around with Ms Gallacher during the third day of Royal Ascot, which is also Gold Cup Day. The Tindalls joined Zara’s mother Princess Anne, 71, earlier that morning as she led the carriage procession on the third day of the races. The Queen's only daughter, Princess Anne, was accompanied by her husband, Vice Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence, and Sophie, Countess of Wessex. Royal fans hoped the Queen, 96, may make an appearance at Ascot on Thursday as her horse Reach For The Moon was racing in the Hampton Court Stakes. However, it was confirmed around Thursday lunchtime that Her Majesty would not be attending amid her ongoing sporadic mobility issues.  In previous years, the Queen would typically attend all five days of the races at Ascot, which is believed to be one of the events she most looks forward to each year. Her Majesty issued a message to racegoers on the first day of the event.  A statement from the monarch included in the race meeting’s programme read: “I am delighted to welcome you to the first Royal Ascot with a full attendance since 2019. “After the challenges of recent times, this year's Royal Meeting provides a long-awaited opportunity for supporters of racing from all over the world to come together for five days of outstanding sport. “Once again, it is thrilling that horses from around the globe have travelled to Royal Ascot to compete at the highest level.”  She then referred to the Queen's Green Canopy launched last October, a tree-planting initiative which aimed at creating a lasting tribute to the monarch on the year of her Platinum Jubilee. She said: “I have been most grateful for the continued kindness shown to me by the racing community.  “In my Platinum Jubilee year, I was interested to learn that in support of The Queen's Green Canopy initiative, Ascot Racecourse and the Crown Estate have planted 70 oak trees in Windsor Great Park, each of which is linked to a local school. “I hope you all have an enjoyable and memorable time, and I wish connections of the horses running this week the very best of luck.” Mike and Zara have been spotted attending the races a number of times already this week. They have been joined by many other members of the royal family who have been out in force during the five-day event, including the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall along with Princess Beatrice and husband Edoardo Mapelli-Mozzi.  The first carriage to enter the racecourse on the opening day of the event was occupied by Prince Charles and Camilla. The leading carriage left a spare seat on Tuesday and Wednesday in a rare break from tradition. The peculiar choice was noted by some royal watchers as a deliberate choice to pay tribute to the Queen in her absence. ITV’s Ed Chamberlain said: “I'm just assuming that the seat is left empty as a mark of respect because Her Majesty The Queen is not here today. He added that the "Duchess of Cornwall and Prince Charles are very much at the forefront again.” 