Rory McIlroy lamented yet another missed opportunity to add to his major titles and end his eight-year drought as he limped home in the US Open. The Northern Irishman was looking to win the fifth major of his career last weekend, but fell apart on Round Three at The Country Club in Brookline, Massachussetts. McIlroy is a difficult player to assess. The World No. 3 has won 21 tournaments across his career on the PGA Tour, including four major championships. He won the US Open in 2011 and followed that up with the PGA Championship in both 2012 and 2014, as well as The Open in 2014 too. The 33-year-old is aware that the legacy of golfers like him are measured by how many majors they claim across their career. He finished fifth at the US Open, four shots behind winner Matthew Fitzpatrick, and it marks 29 major championships McIlroy has played without winning a major since his PGA Championship win at Valhalla eight years ago. Since that win, McIlroy has won 13 tournaments, including two Tour Championships, two World Golf Championships and a Players Championship. While these are respected tournaments in their own right, they aren’t major titles. “I played well enough to give myself a chance to win,” McIlroy said. “I didn’t get the job done, but I’m closer than I have been in a while, which is good. READ MORE: Mickelson and LIV Golf stars subject of vicious Schauffele dig “It’s still not quite close enough. There were a few holes there today where I made the birdie and then did the reverse once back with the bogey at the next. “To win golf tournaments, you just can’t do that. But it’s there. It’s close. I just have to stay patient. “I’ve got one more start next week in Hartford before I go to the Open Championship. I’ve got one more chance this year to try to get that major.” This week’s 122nd US Open was McIlroy’s 11th top-five finish in a major and his 22nd top 10. He was rather despondent after finishing though, and suggested it will ‘probably’ take a while to look for any positives from the event. DON'T MISSDP World Tour take different stance to PGA in decision over LIV rebelsPhil Mickelson biographer says PGA Tour has got 'fat and complacent'Mickelson heckled at US Open as fans make betting taunts over LIV move “I’ll look back at this as another missed opportunity just as Southern Hills was (in the PGA Championship last month when he finished eighth), but missed opportunities are better than not contending at all,” he said. “So that is a positive. I have to stay patient at this point because if I just keep putting myself in position, sooner or later it’s going to be my day and I’m going to get one.” McIlroy won the RBC Canadian Open last week and arrived in Boston ready to secure the fifth major title he desperately craves. On Sunday as he entered the final round three shots out of the lead, McIlroy said he would need to shoot 65 or 66 ‘to get the job done’ - he shot 69 and lost by four. “I just wasn’t quite on it enough to do that,” he said. “I still feel like I played well and shot a solid round of golf, but just not quite good enough. “My game’s in good shape. I’ve got one more chance this year to try to get that major.”