Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis were with older brother Prince George and parents Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge at the People's Pageant in front of Buckingham Palace. The youngest Cambridge children were spotted sharing a blanket to fight off the chilly temperatures as Prince Charles saluted the pageant's participants on the final day of the Platinum Jubilee. Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis have been putting in a series of appearances throughout the celebrations in honour of the Queen. Sky News royal correspondent Rhiannon Mills said: "It's been lovely to look at the Royal Family very much as a family unit, sharing blankets and things like that. "You can see the little ones every now and again wriggling around in their seats but lovely to see the kids today. "Cross generations of the Royal Family to celebrate that amazing milestone for the Queen." Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis were spotted sharing several sweet moments as the young boy made his official royal debut on Thursday. JUST IN: SHAME on them: EU chiefs IGNORE Queen's Platinum Jubilee in bitter 'diplomatic snub' The pair joined brother George and mum Kate on the carriage procession leading to the Trooping the Colour ceremony at Horse Guards Parade. Pictures emerged showing Charlotte holding her little brother's hand as they left Buckingham Palace heading to the service. The cheeky princess later sparked amusement among royal watches as she was seen gently pushing Louis's hand down to stop him from waving his hand to the crowd in front of her face. The Cambridge children watched their father and Prince Charles take the salute on behalf of the Queen alongside Princess Anne after Her Majesty confirmed she would not be travelling to the ceremony. READ MORE: Gold State Coach unveiled! Queen's 12ft fairytale carriage in first appearance for DECADES Prince Louis took a break from the royals' busy schedule this weekend by staying home instead of joining his parents and siblings in Wales on Saturday. Princess Charlotte and Prince George were treated to a session of orchestra conducting, with the two young royals beaming as they led the performers on a rendition of music from the Disney film Encanto. The two also joined the rest of the Royal Family at Saturday's Platinum concert at Buckingham Palace. Prince George was spotted enthusiastically joining the crowd as they sang to Rod Stewart's performance of Sweet Caroline. DON'T MISS... Diversity steal the show at Platinum Party at the Palace [REVIEW]Duchess Kate gets in to party spirit as she sings along  [PHOTOS]Prince George in stitches with his dad William as he attends concert [VIDEO] Charlotte was at one point seen reading a programme, tapping her mother on the elbow, while at times Kate bopped up and down to the music. The Duchess of Cambridge burst out laughing when comedian Lee Mack tried to get the royal box to join in with his delivery of the late Queen frontman Freddie Mercury's "Ay-Oh" chant. Zara and Mike Tindall chatted with their heads close together during the show, as ex-rugby player Mike waved his union flag. At one point George slumped down in his chair, leaning towards his father during the two-and-a-half hour run of performances, set on three stages in front of Buckingham Palace on the third day of the Jubilee bank holiday weekend.