Earlier this week, heartbroken Coronation Street fans watched poor Imran Habeeb (played by Charlie de Melo) die at the side of the road after Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor) crashed their car. After the accident, Toyah lay unconscious in the driver's seat as Imran rang for an ambulance. Despite his fears that the scaffolding was going to come tumbling down on top of them, Imran attempted to free his wife from the wreckage. However, things took an unexpected turn in the ITV soap because the paramedics were unable to save the solicitor's life and he died. It was a tense moment for Imran as he tried to pull a dazed Toyah from the car. The solicitor looked relieved as they both fell to the floor before the scaffolding gave way. "I got you, you're ok," Imran told his wife as he kissed her on the head. "No, stay awake." "You've turned me from a selfish idiot into someone that actually wants to be good," he sobbed. READ MORE: Queen shocks fans in brilliant Paddington skit "I am so sorry. I am going to make it up to you because I love you too much not to. Please don't leave me." As the camera panned away from the couple, a black car could be seen in the background. The car seemed to stop, with the driver looking on at the accident. However, they appeared to drive off again as soon as they heard the sirens in the distance. However, following the crash, ITV bosses took to the official Coronation Street Twitter account to ask fans whether they believed Toyah meant to kill her husband. The replies flooded in as viewers shared their theories as to what could happen next. Many pointed out the car in the background, and believe the driver could have had something to do with Imran's death. Others claimed the mystery driver had something to do with Toyah crashing the car, and that it wasn't really her fault. DON'T MISS...Hunniford in savage Meghan swipe upon Jubilee return [VIDEO]Rod Stewart defends Sweet Caroline Jubilee performance [REACTION]Vera's Brenda Blethyn pays tribute to co-star [INSIGHT] Taking to social media to share their theories, User @isitjus39832272 penned: "I think the black car that stopped and then drove off again has something to do with it. Hopefully, next episodes will be Toyah regaining her memory!" Emma Gennard said: "After the crash, Imran managed to get Toyah out of the car. While they were lying in the road together a black car drove past but stopped for a few minutes as if whoever was in that car was watching them then it drove off just before the ambulance arrived." Charlotte asked: "Did anyone notice that black car driving off just near where the crash happened? #Corrie." "When they got out of the car after the crash there was a black car that stopped for a long time behind them, then left quickly when police sirens. Mistake or the person that caused the crash #Corrie," Natty tweeted. (sic)   Sandra quizzed: "Did no one see the car in the background?" As Toyah tried to come to terms with Imran's death, the police questioned her on what exactly happened when the car hit the wall. Despite insisting she couldn't remember how the incident unfolded, police suggested Toyah and Imran were arguing while she was driving. They later accused Toyah of not pressing the breaks, meaning it could have been her fault. Will Toyah get the blame for Imran's death, or will the police figure out the mystery driver had something to do with it? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm on ITV. 