The Scottish First Minister announced she plans to hold a referendum on independence in October 2023 earlier in June. In a spectacular new attack on Westminster and Boris Johnson, Ms Sturgeon said the former Tory Prime Minister would have backed a poll on an independent Scotland. On Tuesday, Ms Sturgeon will outline plans for the second vote on independence, but accused Westminster of taking a “wrecking ball” to the UK ahead of the announcement. Ahead of her announcement, she said: “Even previous Tory leaders, from Margaret Thatcher to Theresa May, said they believed the UK was based on the consent of the people who lived in its constituent nations. “It is time for Boris Johnson and Keir Starmer to respect, not rubbish, the wishes of the people of Scotland and their democratically elected government – and to respect the pledge their parties signed after the 2014 referendum promising that nothing prevents Scotland becoming an independent country in the future should the people of Scotland so choose.” She added: “Westminster is taking a wrecking ball to the idea of the United Kingdom as a voluntary partnership of nations.” Douglas Ross, the Scottish Tory leader, said his party would refuse to play Ms Sturgeon’s “games” with an independence vote. Mr Ross urged the Scottish government on Sunday to focus on the "real" issues such as the cost of living, the NHS and education. Speaking on BBC’s Sunday Show, He said: “It’s not the priority of people across Scotland when there are so many other pressing issues that the Government and politicians of all parties should be focused on.” The SNP then compared his comments with Donald Trump’s, and accused the Tory leader of a “shameless betrayal of democracy”. Rona Mackay, an SNP MSP, said: “Denying the reality of the SNP’s 2021 election victory – which was even greater than the one of 2011 – makes him sound exactly like the former US president and his supporters”. READ MORE: Sturgeon could take hold North Sea projects if indyref2 pays off Prof Ciaran Martin, who helped negotiate the 2014 vote, said there are  significant barriers preventing an independence referendum, claiming Downing Street has “blocked off all legal routes”. He told the Herald on Sunday: “The UK Government is under no obligation to set out under what circumstances Scotland might become independent.” Prof Martin added Number 10 was “refusing to develop a policy or enter into any discussions about what such a framework might look like”. He then said: “So at the moment, while in principle Scotland can become independent, in practice it can't, no matter how it votes at elections, or how often it does so.” DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: 'Peacemaker' Kate extends olive branch to Harry Even most LABOUR voters want ‘boring’ Starmer to quit Truss braces for war with Brexit-bashing MPs in major Commons vote A UK Government spokesman told the Telegraph: “Now is not the time to be talking about another referendum. “People across Scotland rightly want and expect to see both of their governments working together with a relentless focus on the issues that matter to them, their families and communities.” Ian Murray, the Shadow Scottish secretary, also told the outlet: “This is a transparent attempt to whip up division and distract from the chaos engulfing the SNP. “Nicola Sturgeon is in no position to lecture anyone about listening to the people of Scotland as she ignores the cost of living crisis hanging over people’s lives and ploughs ahead with a costly, unwanted and damaging referendum.” The Scottish Government will not be granted legal powers by Boris Johnson under a Section 30 order to stage a referendum on independence. So far, SNP ministers have failed to formally request a Section 30 order, the legal mechanism that would allow Holyrood to stage a referendum without fear of a challenge in court, from the UK Government. It comes as the latest poll by Ipsos MORI revealed that 46 percent would vote 'No’ in an independence referendum Meanwhile, the survey for STV found 45 percent said they'd vote for independence with eight percent saying they are undecided. Ipsos MORI interviewed a representative sample of 1,000 adults aged 16+ across Scotland over the phone between May 23 and May 29.