Carol Kirkwood, 60. told her 235,600 followers that she was stepping away from her usual BBC Breakfast position for a "special reason". The news comes after the weather presenter announced live on BBC Breakfast at the end of last month that she is engaged to be married. Taking to Twitter, Carol addressed her absence with her 235,000 followers. The weather presenter wrote: "I am (obviously!) not at work today… but am heading out to see something rather special!" she announced with a winking emoji. "Will share with you later. Take care xxx." @robin_knowles wrote back: "Come on Carol spill, what's happening? Missing you on BBC this morning!! READ NOW: Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak Meanwhile @jackfromdevon chimed in: "Ooh! Can't wait. Sounds like a mirror as you are very special." Carol's next tweet made it clear that she hadn't set off for a special destination yet, as she was doing something a little more mundane before leaving. "You can take the girl out of the country…." she joked, before disclosing: "Two loads of washing done and out on the line!!!" Meanwhile she also posted a photo a few days earlier of herself reading a copy of her latest novel, The Hotel On The Riviera. The tagline on the front cover teases: "It's the perfect place to hide a secret". Carol recently revealed that she is preparing to tie the knot with her partner. However she has not publicly announced his identity or even his first name so far. DON'T MISS... Helen Skelton stuns in busty hot pink jumpsuit at Royal Ascot [PHOTOS] Crossroads legend Jane Rossington diagnosed with Alzheimer's [UPDATE] Amanda Holden, 51, wows as she goes braless in pink summer dress  [PICS]  Co-star Sally Nugent outed Carol's new relationship status live on air earlier in the year, teasing: "I'm a little bit concerned about you this morning. "I don't know how you're managing to stand up with that giant rock on your left hand." Playing things down, she thanked her colleague and shyly agreed: "It is rather nice. I got engaged." Meanwhile, Carol provided the weather coverage from Ascot yesterday. She wore a pink floral dress, which she paired with a stylish and extravagant fascinator in keeping with the Royal Ascot tradition. Naga Munchetty praised her fashion forward sense of style, asking if she would be showing more hats in future. However, Charlie Stayt was less impressed by her outrageous headwear, telling her it looked like a "satellite dish" and quipping: "Is that the look you're going for?" Not skipping a beat, Carol agreed, joking that she'd wanted to "beam back to Salford" as "You never know what the reception is going to be like!"