Since the pandemic began in March 2020, there has been a surge of Britons looking to leave centralised towns and cities for coastal locations. With some Britons continuing to work from home, many homeowners have re-evaluated their living situation in the search for more space, a more relaxed way of life and a better work-life balance. Now, research by mortgage experts at money.co.uk have shared the best coastal towns and cities to relocate to in the UK. The research analysed more than 100 seaside towns and cities on factors such as average house prices, median annual pay, beach water quality and beach review score to unveil the best areas to move to. So where is the best place to relocate to in the UK? Top of the list was Sheerness on the Isle of Sheppey in Kent. The town is not only picturesque but popular with tourists. The coastal resort scored highly across the board with average wages coming out at an impressive £26,165 a year. READ MORE: How to get rid of ‘pesky’ garden weeds using cupboard essentials Reviews of the beaches come in at 3.83 out of a possible five. The town offers plenty of employment opportunities for locals because it is one of the country’s largest importers of cars and fresh produce. In total, the location scored 7.05 out of 10. In close second was the beautiful Shanklin on the Isle of Wight which is known for its gorgeous beach, Old Village and wooded ravine. The village and seaside resort scored 6.56 out of 10. DON'T MISSStop ants damaging plants using 70p method - ‘fatal to them’ [INSIGHT]How to get rid of ‘pesky’ garden weeds using cupboard essentials [UPDATE]Houseplants: ‘Great tip’ to get plants to ‘thrive’ indoors [ANALYSIS] The area also benefits from average temperatures of 11.6C and has one of the highest beach review scores. Minster in Swale, also in Kent, came in third place with a score of 6.43 out of 10. The area has great weather, receiving just 709mm of rainfall a year and with an average temperature of 11.2C. The local beach, Minster Leas, won a Blue Flag award in the past. 1. Sheerness 2. Shanklin 3. Minster 4. Dover 5. Holyhead 6. Sandown 7. Swanage 8. Whitley Bay 9. Saltburn-by-the-Sea 10. South Shields The cheapest coastal town for buying a home is Peterlee in County Durham where the average house price is £99,468. This is the only coastal town with an average house price of under £100,000. The town is located between Sunderland and Hartlepool and is built on rolling hills. Seaford and Newhaven, Lewes was named the best coastal town for wages.  Homeowners here earn on average £27,142 a year. Popular Penzance in Cornwall is the warmest coastal town with temperatures averaging 12C each year. Meanwhile, the driest coastal town is Brightlingsea, Tendring and West Mersea in Colchester. Two Essex towns are tied when it comes to levels of rainfall. Both Brightlingsea and West Mersea have average rainfall of 668mm a year.