The NHS says around a third of adults in the UK have high blood pressure, although many will not realise it. Though the British Heart Foundation (BHF) explains many people with high blood pressure feel fine, so it’s important to get your blood pressure checked regularly, there may sometimes be symptoms.  Indeed, the charity says though high blood pressure “rarely has noticeable symptoms”, the following can be symptoms of high blood pressure: The Mayo Clinic warns: “Most people with high blood pressure have no signs or symptoms, even if blood pressure readings reach dangerously high levels.” READ MORE: Joanna Lumley health: 'I'm never ill' - star's health secret she has followed for 40-years  The NHS explains the only way to find out if your blood pressure is high is to have your blood pressure checked. Therefore, all adults over 40 are advised to have their blood pressure checked at least every five years. The Cleveland Clinic explains your blood pressure reading has two numbers. It says: “The top number is the systolic blood pressure, which measures the pressure on the blood vessel walls when your heart beats or contracts.”  It adds: “The bottom number is the diastolic blood pressure, which measures the pressure on your blood vessels between beats when your heart is relaxing.” As a general guide: Some research suggests that dietary changes may help reduce blood pressure. People should focus on consuming a balanced diet with proteins from various different sources, rather than focusing on a single source of dietary protein.  The NHS says: “Eating a healthy, balanced diet is an important part of maintaining good health, and can help you feel your best. “This means eating a wide variety of foods in the right proportions, and consuming the right amount of food and drink to achieve and maintain a healthy body weight.” It says: “Most people in the UK eat and drink too many calories, too much saturated fat, sugar and salt, and not enough fruit, vegetables, oily fish or fibre.” The NHS says: “A diet high in salt (or sodium) can cause raised blood pressure, which can increase your risk of heart disease and stroke.Some foods are almost always high in salt because of the way they are made.”  Blood Pressure UK explains: “Salt makes your body hold onto water. If you eat too much, the extra water in your blood means there is extra pressure on your blood vessel walls, raising your blood pressure.” It says that as well as reducing the amount of salt you eat and having a generally healthy diet, you should cut back on alcohol, lose weight if you're overweight, cut down on caffeine, and if you are a smoker you should stop smoking. The charity says physical activity can help reduce your risk of heart and circulatory disease and reduce blood pressure and cholesterol. The NHS says: “Regularly drinking too much alcohol can raise your blood pressure over time.” 