Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson, 50, opened up on his feelings about royal weddings when Prince Harry and Meghan Markle tied the knot. He said he used to be annoyed at the amount of media coverage they received - but now they make him “excited”. The Fast and Furious star was speaking about Meghan and Harry’s nuptials back in 2018 during an interview alongside Naomie Harris. "I just think she's so eloquent and she's so intelligent and she's passionate about making a difference in the world and I think she's the perfect match for Harry," actress Naomie said. Dwayne added: "Well I think exactly what Naomie thinks. “I'm excited because that's always the fun thing about the royal weddings taking place over the years. "I remember being a kid when Diana and Charles got married. “It was this big, extravagant, moving thing. I had no... I thought, ‘It's on every news channel. Where are my cartoons?’ “But now obviously years later and older I can certainly enjoy it and I'm excited." Dwayne, also known as ‘The Rock’, made his move to acting after achieving success as a professional wrestler. Having achieved huge success in both industries, Dwayne now uses his platform to speak about personal issues, his mental health being one of them. Despite his cheerful and funny persona, Dwayne has opened up about his mental health struggles in the past. As well as his own depression, he opened up about his mother's suicide attempt when he was just 15 years old and how he has learned to cope with his struggles. "The first time I had experienced depression, I was 18 years old, and I had no idea what depression was," he said. DON'T MISS...Mick Jagger's son comforted by mum as he sobs over dad's Covid battleEamonn Holmes breaks silence on hospital dash and thanks NHS 'angels'‘Had no alternative’ Trinny Woodall was once forced to sell her house “Back then, depression was also called 'get off the couch and get your s*** together and change what's happening here'.” Sharing the experiences of his mother’s suicide attempt on Instagram back in 2018, the star shared how it had a profound impact on his own. “Struggle and pain is real," he expressed. "I was devastated and depressed. I reached a point where I didn't want to do a thing or go anywhere. I was crying constantly." After seeking help for his problems, Dwayne went on to say that he feels “communicating” and asking for help is the “most powerful thing you can do". He added: “As a matter of fact, asking for help is our superpower. “We as men have a tendency to hold all that in which is not healthy, it's not good. Depression doesn't discriminate so if my past can help then I'm happy to share. “We both healed but we've always got to do our best to pay attention when other people are in pain. We have to help them through it and remind them they are not alone.”