Ryan Reynolds, 45, has given an insight into his parenting life during Creativity at the Pace of Culture on Tuesday in Cannes. The actor shares daughters James, seven, Inez, five, and Betty, two, with wife Blake Lively. He opened up about how his “wild” children have taught him more than any acting job ever has. In a recent interview, he joked: “I’m a parent of three girls. They’re wild. “I think they have rabies sometimes.” READ MORE: Stacey Solomon worries fans with silence as Joe seen with blonde babe Talking about his parenting style, he said: "I’m like any parent – I’ll have a moment where I’ll just snap. The Deadpool star also added that his “brutal mistakes” have taught him a lot about life, saying: “I used to tell my kids, ‘Don’t waste your mistakes’. “When you’re making mistakes it’s easy to sort of be absorbed by shame and sort of this idea that you’ve done something wrong. “But you also have to look at it critically and use it as a stepping stone to learning something profound.” Ryan joked that his father “made a lot of mistakes” too, while clarifying “some I’m grateful for". He also explained that he walks his daughters to school every morning and joked that having them home during the pandemic was a “tent circle of hell”. Meanwhile, the star has recently completed a collaboration with Nick Cannon for Father's Day. In an advert for Ryan's Aviation Gin, The Wild 'N Out star mixed a drink called The Vasectomy. DONT MISS: Piers Morgan fiercely defends Paul McCartney over Glastonbury backlash (PHOTOS)Deborah James ‘proud’ after 'incredible' bowel cancer campaign update (NEWS)Geri Horner and Christian fly to Glastonbury for extravagant date (LATEST) Ryan could also be seen enjoying the benefits of fatherhood and a strong drink in his own advert, which is just as funny. Elsewhere at Cannes Lions, Lupita Nyong'o captured fans’ attention in a bright peach suit, which consisted of smart trousers and a blazer. The actress wore the chic jacket buttoned up with nothing underneath. She gave herself some extra inches with a pair of beige heels and accessorised her look with a gold necklace, bangles and hoop earrings. Lupita accentuated her good looks with rouge lipstick and shaped her face with a pair of red glasses. She styled her dark hair in an updo swept to the right side as she took to the stage to speak.