Sir Elton John, 75, was “booed by the Sunderland crowd” as he performed his last ever concert in the North East of England. He played at Sunderland’s Stadium of Light on Sunday evening and got the crowd riled up when he made a joke about their Newcastle rivals. The legendary singer mentioned playing Newcastle’s City Hall during the 1970s and 1980s. According to Chronicle Live, the crowd then started booing upon mention of the neighbouring stadium. Elton reportedly found the response amusing and joked that he had “no choice” other than to play there because there was no stadium in Sunderland at the time. Elton’s performance went down a treat with his fans and many took to Twitter to share their joy. READ MORE:Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux One unnamed user also took the opportunity to poke fun at the Geordies. They joked: “What an incredible evening @eltonofficial. “Can’t beat the Sunderland crowd, Newcastle where you at?” Hayley praised Elton’s performance saying: “Absolutely phenomenal. He’s still got it!! One of the best nights of our lives. Highly recommend.” Danny echoed: “Went to see @eltonofficial last night at Sunderland on his farewell tour. “I just thought it was an incredible and magical night, it really put a smile on my face. It was the best night ever, I will never forget the day.” And Joe gushed: “Had an absolute blast watching @eltonofficial in Sunderland tonight on his #farewelltour. “What a fantastic performance. He's 75 and still got it!” DON'T MISSHarry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak[INSIGHT]Johnny Depp warns fans to 'remain cautious' after Amber Heard trial[LATEST]Bear Grylls praises Prince William after hinting at collab with Harry[NEWS] Elton is currently travelling the world with his ongoing farewell tour. The concerts began in September 2018 and are set to go on until July next year. The Rocket Man singer returned to the UK last week and performed in Norwich and Liverpool as well as Sunderland. In the coming weeks, he will travel to Bristol, London, Swansea, Cork and Watford. The tour is intended to be Elton’s last ever as he plans to retire and spend more time with his family. Explaining his decision, Elton said he is ready for a change after more than five decades in the business. He told CBS: “I want to be with my family. I mean, I've been touring since I was 17 in the back of a van. “I've had the most incredible life. I've been so lucky, and I've loved every single minute of it. But I've had enough of that applause. “I'll be 76 years of age when I stop touring in 2023. I want to do something different with the rest of my life."