Millions of Freeview users will soon find some of their favourite channels have suddenly moved. Big changes are taking place next week which has forced the service to make some radical updates with popular channels switching positions and some even disappearing for good. The update is to do with one of the signals used by Freeview, to pump content into homes, being switched off to make way for 5G mobile technology. Millions of Freeview users will soon find some of their favourite channels have suddenly moved. Big changes are taking place next week which has forced the service to make some radical updates with popular channels switching positions and some even disappearing for good. The update is to do with one of the signals used by Freeview, to pump content into homes, being switched off to make way for 5G mobile technology. Services that currently use this COM7 Multiplex signal are now being moved or ditched from the TV planner with channels like Reality Xtra and Quest Red+1 just some of those affected. These changes are coming into effect on June 30, and here are the new channel numbers... That's TV • new channel number - 65 Reality Xtra • new channel number - 68 Quest Red+1 • new channel number - 71 NOW 80s • new channel number - 77 Together TV • new channel number - 83 Classic Hits • new channel number - 91  Elsewhere, on June 29 two new channels will become available for Freeview fans - E4 Extra which will be available on channel number 31 as well as Legend (which is the rebranded Horror channel) on channel number 41. You will need to retune your TV on both June 29 and June 30 to update your channels and to keep your TV Guide up to date. As we mentioned earlier, it's not just some TV channels moving with two services already confirming that they are switching things off for good. BBC News HD and Forces TV are both leaving Freeview from next week with fans no longer able to watch these services. Announcing the news, the BBC said: "As a consequence of the closure of COM7, BBC News on Freeview will be available only in SD from the end of June 2022. However, you can still watch it in HD on BBC iPlayer." So why are these COM7 changes happening and who will be affected? Last year, UK network EE won the auction to use the COM7 frequency to help boost its new 5G data network. 5G is the future of mobile devices as it offers much faster download speeds and a more reliable signal which means more people can connect to it at once. Although that's great news for mobile users, this all means that at the end of June 2022, Freeview’s COM7 multiplex will close. As a result, there will be less broadcast capacity available and a number of channels carried on COM7 will have to either close or be reallocated to other multiplexes. Speaking to Express.co.uk, a Freeview spokesperson said: “Since the decision by Ofcom to make more airwaves available for mobile data, the Ofcom license for some channels broadcasting on Freeview has expired. This means that affected channels are making changes to the way they are broadcast moving forward. Please see for https://www.freeview.co.uk/help/updates-alerts for a list of the changes and viewer advice.”  Last year, UK network EE won the auction to use the COM7 frequency to help boost its new 5G data network. 5G is the future of mobile devices as it offers much faster download speeds and a more reliable signal which means more people can connect to it at once. Although that's great news for mobile users, this all means that at the end of June 2022, Freeview’s COM7 multiplex will close. As a result, there will be less broadcast capacity available and a number of channels carried on COM7 will have to either close or be reallocated to other multiplexes. Speaking to Express.co.uk, a Freeview spokesperson said: “Since the decision by Ofcom to make more airwaves available for mobile data, the Ofcom license for some channels broadcasting on Freeview has expired. This means that affected channels are making changes to the way they are broadcast moving forward. Please see for https://www.freeview.co.uk/help/updates-alerts for a list of the changes and viewer advice.” 