Ralf Rangnick's Manchester United departure stemmed from having 'too many different ideas' than new manager Erik ten Hag. Rangnick has left Old Trafford to become Austria manager, mutually abandoning plans to fulfil a two-year consultancy role beyond his spell as interim boss. The German endured a woeful tenure in the dugout after replacing Ole Gunnar Solskjaer last summer, recording the worst win percentage of any manager in United's history. But his primary expertise has been showcased in executive roles over the past decade, particularly at Red Bull Salzburg and RB Leipzig. United were adding another football brain to the club's hierarchy, currently being reshuffled for the better after Ed Woodward's reign as chief executive ended in February. But concerns over Rangnick's future rooting from his outspoken press conferences about the club were fuelled by Ten Hag as he was unveiled at Old Trafford last month. When asked if he was looking forward to working with Rangnick, the straight-faced Dutchman responded, 'that is on the club'. And shortly after his tenure at the club began, United confirmed Rangnick had left M16 permanently. JUST IN: Chelsea preparing ‘concrete offer’ for Jules Kounde He is understood to have shared a two-hour phone call with Ten Hag before his exit, likely giving him a run down of the current squad and his perspective on the club's future. However, it seems like the ex-Ajax boss, United football director John Murtough and his deputy, Andy O'Boyle, won't take many of his thoughts into account. On a recent podcast, Fabrizio Romano revealed United and Rangnick decided to part ways early because the German and Ten Hag 'had too many different ideas'. Ten Hag is expected to have a significant say in aspects of his team throughout his major rebuild in Manchester. READ MORE: Barcelona draw up Dembele plans as Chelsea could affect Raphinha deal With Richard Arnold now at the helm, he has given Murtough the power to spearhead football decisions at the club. The football director was central to the decision to offload leading scouts Jim Lawlor and Marcel Bout, as well as head of negotiations, Matt Judge. It's a complete reshape from the failed structure led by Woodward over the last decade, leading to United winning just three major trophies since Sir Alex Ferguson's 2013 retirement. But there is hope the club are making good off-field progress in their long-term bid to return to the summit of English and European football. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.