Prince Louis was filmed sharing a joke with the former rugby player while they were waiting for the beginning of the spectacular Platinum Jubilee Pageant, which saw thousands of performers taking to the streets of central London. The four-year-old turned around to look at Mike after taking his seat in the royal box positioned near Buckingham Palace, which offered a prime view of the show. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** While sitting next to his mum Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and his sister Princess Charlotte, Louis looked at Mike as the England champion brought two fingers in front of his eyes, seemingly telling the little royal he would keep an eye on him throughout the show. Kate was spotted laughing as the scene unfolded, while little Louis looked attentive at Zara Tindall's husband. The joke between Louis and Mike was caught on camera and sparked an online frenzy among delighted fans of the Firm members. Sharing the picture on Twitter, Belle wrote: "Love this photo of Mike Tindall teasing Prince Louis and making sure he’s well behaved for the #PlatinumJubileePageant". Replying to this user, Twitter account The Cambridges said: "That’s probably what Mike said". Kim Turnbull also wrote: "Soooo cute... I'm watching you..." And samgrace added: "I got my eyes on you little one!!!!" The Duchess' youngest son looked dapper in a buttoned-up black coat. READ MORE: Duke fumes after UK crowds heckle him and Meghan Near the seven-year-old, sat Prince George, who was also in attendance at the concert yesterday. As the pageant began, Louis was spotted moving his head at the rhythm of the music.  Prince Louis also appeared on the first day of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations on Thursday. Sitting on a carriage alongside George, Charlotte, Kate and the Duchess of Cornwall, Prince Louis waved at well-wishers while being taken through the Mall and to Horse Guards Parade. Prince Louis joined other members of the Firm and watched the following Trooping the Colour parade from the Major General's Office overlooking the arena where the spectacle was taking place. The little Cambridge later returned on the carriage which brought him and his siblings to Buckingham Palace.  From the balcony of the Queen's London residence, he watched the RAF flypast alongside working members of the Firm, his siblings, Sir Timothy Laurence and the Wessex family. There, he was seen exchanging a few words with the Queen, who stood next to him. Once the flypast started, the four-year-old could not contain his joy and pointed a finger to the sky toward the Red Arrows. Unlike his siblings, Prince Louis did not visit Cardiff Castle on Saturday. However, he joined Kate, Charlotte and George in baking cakes for the Welsh community to enjoy during their street parties. Earlier today, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge shared pictures taken during the preparation of the treats. Among them, one showed Prince Louis attentively sieving the flour, while another showed the children decorating the cakes together.