Yellowstone season five will air on The Paramount Network on November 13 and filming is underway. As the plot thickens when it comes to the Dutton family protecting their ranch, some new obstacles will certainly arise. They could be in the form of new characters who are out to cause trouble, but who has joined the cast? Young cowboy Rowdy is joining the ranch and, like many of the other ranch hands, he could have come from a troubled background. He is played by Kai Caster, an American actor who has previously starred in American Horror Story and The Baxters. His other credits include A Girl Named Joe and CSI. Fans may be interested to hear he has appeared in Yellowstone before. The star played a young Kayce Dutton (Luke Grimes) in one episode of the Western melodrama. READ MORE: Kelly Reilly 2022 net worth: How much is the Yellowstone star worth? Abby is a musician in the new season and she is played by Lainey Wilson. Lainey is a country singer and songwriter in real life, so her genuine talent will be showcased in the series. The 30-year-old performer travelled to Nashville to pursue her music career. In 2014 she released her first album and has produced two more since. The star is on Instagram and she posted a photo of herself standing in front of the iconic Yellowstone Dutton Ranch. She captioned the image: "See y'all on season five of @yellowstone." Clara is a new assistant for one of the Duttons, but it has not been revealed whom she is helping. The assistant is played by Lilli Kay, an actress and singer who played Fia Baxter in the Showtime series, Your Honor. She also played Penelope Fowler in the series Chambers. The star made her TV debut in the 2014 season of the Hollywood drama The Lady Secretary. DON'T MISS... Yellowstone's Kelsey Asbille shares 'terrible' part of Monica role [INTERVIEW] Yellowstone: Who is Melanie Olmstead? What happened to her? [INSIGHT] Where does Kelly Reilly from Yellowstone live now? [EXPLAINER] Sarah Atwood could be another threat to the Duttons as she is a corporate shark. The new arrival to Montana could follow in the footsteps of enemies like Caroline Warner (Jacki Weaver). She is played by Dawn Olivieri, who has already starred in the Yellowstone universe before. She portrayed Claire Dutton in the prequel series 1883. The 41-year-old actress is also known for her roles in Heroes and House of Lies. Fans will also be pleased to hear Mo Brings Plenty and Wendy Moniz will return as Mo and Governor Lynelle Perry respectively. They have both been promoted to series regulars, so viewers should be seeing a lot more of them. As for recurring characters, Josh Lucas will also return as a young John Dutton (Kevin Costner). Costner will once again be joined by the likes of Beth Dutton star Kelly Reilly, Jamie Dutton actor Wes Bentley and Rip Wheeler actor Cole Hauser.  Yellowstone season 5 launches on The Paramount Network on November 13.