Colette Jones tied the knot to her husband in April 2022 and is expecting their first child in September. She told Express.co.uk how she saved thousands of pounds on her dream wedding and shared how others could too. With the average wedding costing £17,300 in the UK last year it’s an expense that many aspiring newlyweds could do without. One blogger has shared how she paid just £3,500 for her wedding by following some really savvy money saving tips. What’s even more impressive is that she made £1000.87 by buying things on cashback sites that she needed anyway. She told Express.co.uk: “Quidco was the biggest earner for me, and I also used the app a lot for everyday purchases such as clothing from Boohoo and ASOS, DIY items from brands like Toolstation and Screwfix, general household purchases from eBay and takeaways from Just Eat.” READ MORE: HMRC warns people not to fall for National Insurance scam When it comes to making the most of cashback, Colette is the cashback queen and even runs a blog called Cashback Collette. She has some great tips for cashback virgins including considering withdrawing earnings as Amazon gift cards, to receive an even better percentage of cashback. Colette started saving for her upcoming nuptials as soon as she got engaged. She said: “Since getting engaged in November 2019, I started putting away savings I had made from cashback sites and apps to contribute towards our wedding in a separate Monzo pot.” DON'T MISS:State pension age: Britons could miss free prescriptions [WARNING]Rishi Sunak to give pensioners extra £850 [UPDATE]Retired before 2016? You could get extra £14.48 per week [INSIGHT] During the time the couple were engaged and planning their wedding, they also moved house. This meant cashback on one-off large purchases such as appliances, insurance and broadband. Sometimes she would claim her cashback as a gift card, as this can mean a payout bonus of up to 25 percent more than PayPal or BACS. Colette also recommends connecting debit/credit card to apps like Airtime Rewards and Daali to earn cashback automatically when spending with online and in-store retailers such as Amazon and Primark. On her blog she details every penny she made in cashback and shares some tips for others looking to do the same. She recommends clearing cookies to make sure cashback tracks when shopping online. Colette also says it’s much easier to get the hang of cashback if people install cashback site browser extensions, which alert users to sites offering cashback savings so people don’t miss out. The blogger also recommends people check if their bank offers cashback - many banks including Halifax, Natwest, and Lloyds offer cashback rewards for spending with high street chains such as Costa and Sainsbury's. Collette made £1000.87 in cashback from: Quidco - £796.37 Wedding dress - £28.91 Bridesmaid dresses - £14.76 Wedding hotel overnight stay - £6.40 Honeymoon cottage - £9 Papier new customer offer - £1.30 Etsy personalised banner & decorations - 90p Thank you gifts & cards - £3.90 General spend (clothing, food, etc) - £86.20 Appliance purchases (fridge, shark vacuum, oven, washer dryer, and dishwasher) - £75 Pet insurance - £80 Broadband switch - £100 New phone contract - £90 Refer a friend bonuses - £300 (12 x £25) Airtime Rewards - £142 Daali app - £20 Rings - £42.50. 