Netflix’s award-winning science-fiction series Stranger Things has made its highly anticipated return to screens with season four. The show met its jaw-dropping mid-season finale in May with Nancy Wheeler (played by Natalia Dyer) becoming the latest victim of Vecna, however, fans believe she could soon find freedom with the help of Robin Buckley (Maya Hawke).  After an almost three-year hiatus, the young friends from Hawkins returned to the screens for another thrilling instalment of extraordinary mysteries. As the first seven episodes of season four wrapped up, concluding the first half of the series, viewers were left worried about Nancy’s fate after she was trapped by the latest villain. This came after she, Steve Harrington (Joe Keery), Robin and Eddie (Joseph Quinn) went to Lovers Lake to find a portal to the Upside Down. Unfortunately, things took a turn for the worse when they were left dodging Vecna as they tried to find their way home. READ MORE: Bargain Hunt’s Caroline shares £2 item which sold for thousands As Nancy was about to climb through the portal to return to Hawkins, she was trapped as Steve soon realised she was stuck in a trance through the villain's curse. Fans will recall the location of the vision was uncanny to where Barb (Shannon Purser) died back in season one. As Vecna preyed on people through their trauma, it was able to use the guilt Nancy felt for her friend's death to get to her. Although she was in mortal danger, Nancy was able to break into Vecna’s mind and reveal its true identity as Henry Creel (Jamie Campbell Bower).  Even though she is trapped, fans believe her new friendship with Robin will be the key to her escaping Vecna. So far, Max Mayfield (Sadie Sink) was the only person who had survived the villain’s bewitching curse. The teenager revealed she was able to do so by recalling her favourite song, Kate Bush’s 1985 hit ‘Running Up That Hill’ as well as her favourite memories with her friends and family. This means if Nancy was to do the same and acknowledge familiarity with music and memories she too would be able to escape. DON'T MISS...Stranger Things season 4 dealt blow as rival crowned best of 2022 [INSIGHT]Stranger Things plot hole: Creators admit major Will mistake [BLUNDER]Stranger Things’ Victor Creel star auditioned for different role [INSIGHT] Throughout season four, the show highlighted Nancy’s new friendship with Robin as a major source of her happiness. Robin was introduced as one of Steve’s colleagues at the ice cream parlour, where she used her skills to help Dustin Henderson (Gaten Matarazzo) crack a Russian code. This is where they discovered the Russians were using the Mall and other businesses to smuggle supplies into Hawkins. Robin was eventually tied into the mysteries when she and Steve were caught and taken hostage after uncovering a lab under the Mall which opened a portal to another dimension. 