PIP, formally known as Personal Independence Payment, is designed to help with living costs for those with a long term physical or mental health condition or disability. Living with a health condition or disability can be a financial burden, and so PIP is intended to help. Long Covid is described by the NHS as when people experience coronavirus symptoms lasting weeks or months after the infection has gone. Long-term problems can include extreme fatigue, shortness of breath, brain fog, joint pain, depression, chest pain and insomnia, amongst other symptoms. Now, following a tribunal case, long Covid is now classified as a disability. The issue was raised by former caretaker Terence Burke, who contracted coronavirus in November 2020. READ MORE: ‘Send it back!’ Wealthier pensioners urged to give up triple lock rise After suffering mild, flu-like symptoms, this quickly turned into severe fatigue, to the point where he could no longer attend work - and was sacked nine months later on ill health grounds. A tribunal panel concluded coronavirus had resulted in “substantial and long-term effects” in a landmark ruling. It means Mr Burke is believed to be the first person to have long Covid recognised as a disability. Recent DWP data suggests there are now 1,866 people successfully claiming PIP for long Covid, as of the end of April 2022. DON'T MISSFury over triple lock as inflation hits new 40-year high [INSIGHT]Low income pensioners to get free over 75s TV licence -'minimum fuss!' [LATEST]Inheritance warning as Britons shell out £100,000 unnecessarily [ANALYSIS] It is estimated by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) that around two million people are suffering from long Covid. Of course, the effects will vary in severity from person to person, but many could benefit from receiving support through PIP. How much a person receives will depend on their circumstances, and how difficult they find everyday activities and getting around. It is split into two key parts, each with a lower and higher weekly rate. READ MORE: Barclays is closing 15 more branches - full list of closures The daily living part is either £61.85 per week, or £92.40 per week, while the mobility part is either £24.45 or £64.50 per week. It means someone eligible for the higher rate of both payments could get support of £156 weekly for their needs. PIP is tax-free, and the amount someone gets will not be impacted by their income or savings. PIP payments are usually issued to Britons every four weeks. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea All benefits, allowances and pensions are paid into a person’s bank, building society or credit union account. To claim PIP, Britons need to call the new claims phone line. They will then be sent a form that asks about their condition which must be completed and send back. Some individuals may need to have an assessment if more information is required.