Motorway travel had been suspended while the cortège made its sombre way from the service in Westminster Abbey to the Northamptonshire family seat. The silent emptiness of the M1 served as a metaphor for the country - Britain had simply come to a full stop. I have experienced nothing like it before or since. As the funeral procession hove into view at the gates of Althorp I saw actual, visceral, weeping and gnashing of teeth - grown men wailing in tears, whole families reduced to shaking huddles of misery and grief. These people had never met Princess Diana. She was neither friend, family nor even neighbour. And yet such was Diana's power to connect with people Britain was inconsolable at her loss. The only woman with the same power to connect and unify Britain today is the Queen. We are seeing this coast to coast today and it is genuinely our good fortune she is still with us. Back then grief at Diana's passing ripped through the nation like a pandemic. A friend, and fellow hack, was punched to the ground outside Westminster Abbey simply for taking out a notepad. With that grief had come much anger. Days earlier the Queen too had made a rare mis-step in refusing to fly the Union Flag at half-mast over Buckingham Palace. There was absolutely no protocol for this to happen of course but growing public anger ensured that by the day of the funeral on September 6 1997 the flag was dutifully flying at half-mast. There is little to suggest that Diana and the Queen had anything other than a pretty average mother-in-law daughter-in-law relationship but the flag mistake fed into the narrative that the Queen disliked the Princess immensely. It stoked fires that Diana and the Queen had been like cat and dog - their cold British courteousness barely disguising a mutual contempt. Viewers of The Crown will not be unfamiliar with this version.   In fact they were very, very close bedfellows, two sides of the same coin. Both women had greatness thrust upon them. Neither had a choice in the matter. With greatness comes privilege of course, but that particular privilege came with extremely harsh terms. Both Diana and the Queen were expected to exemplify, and did exemplify in their own ways, a better Britain. A Britain of service, courtesy, backbone, and kindness. In Diana's case we also had a world class beauty - and we liked that too. When truck drivers, policemen, and plumbers wept over Diana they were mourning the awful death of a mother-of-two, but they were also mourning the passing of that old-fashioned notion of Britain's greatness, which no longer seemed to be borne out by the facts. We wanted a Britain which did stood for something, a Britain capable of glorious achievement, a Britain at once strong yet tolerant, a Britain shaping world events. We still do. That much is obvious by the scale of this weekend's events. It was heart-warming to see the Queen on Buckingham Palace balcony today, her power to unify undiminished by her 96 years. Enjoy this weekend. We know from Diana's passing people who genuinely represent something bigger and greater than ourselves come along but rarely. We should cherish them while we have them. 