  Donny Osmond, 64, has admitted he feared he was “going crazy” when he faced some serious health concerns. The star opened up about his career-threatening health woes in an interview with BBC Radio 4.      Donny has revealed he once faced crippling anxiety while appearing on stage in Joseph and the Amazing Technicolour Dreamcoat. His lead role in the Andrew Lloyd Webber musical revived the pop star's career in a time where it was facing a bit of a lull, but the former teen pop sensation admitted there were difficulties behind the scenes. Donny, who has been famous since childhood, confessed he feared his career would be over if he did not deliver an outstanding performance. He shared he had been experiencing panic attacks and stage fright, as he was riddled with worries that he wouldn’t be good enough in the critically-acclaimed production. READ MORE: Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux     "I didn't want my career to fail again," he said. "I had to be perfect. “If I didn't give a perfect performance people would walk out of the theatre saying 'it wasn’t worth the price.'" Donny previously shared his experiences of anxiety, saying: "There are times I remember before I walked on stage where if I had the choice of walking on stage or dying, I would have chosen death." Of his panic attacks, the star said: "I thought I was actually going crazy in my mind.      "I remember shaking in bed, and I just… I couldn't get out of bed. Something was wrong, and my wife took me to the hospital." "I felt like he was having a nervous breakdown,” his wife Debbie Osmond said. "He kept saying, 'I can't stop shaking; there's something wrong with me.'" Thankfully, Debbie was able to dispel her husband’s worries for good when she suggested he did an “average show”, which ironically resulted in the star giving his best ever performance as Joseph. Today, Donny took to Twitter to share a montage from his time as Joseph with his 206,300 followers. READ MORE... Holly Willoughby shares makeup free selfie as she dons white bikini [PICTURES] George Michael ended Martin and Shirlie Kemp's US move amid argument [NEWS] ‘Everyone makes mistakes!’ Chris Packham defends Springwatch blunders [NEWS]      The Osmonds star wrote: “It was on this day, 30 years ago, I debuted in Joseph and the Technicolour Dreamcoat at the Elgin Theatre in Toronto. “Never did I imagine it would become one of the main focal points in my entire career and am so grateful for all the memories!” Donny’s fans took to the comments section to praise the star for his incredible performance. Cindy wrote: “I became an instant lifelong fan when I saw you live in Joseph from the balcony in 1994 when I was 16.      “You have a gift for engaging your audience that I've never seen anywhere else. I'm so grateful that Joseph existed!” Erinn commented: “Was one of the first to see it - FANTASTIC, my idol and a great show, what else could you ask for!” (sic) Mary penned: “Wow, how can that be 30 years ago already. I saw you 4 times when you were here in Chicago. You were amazing! You have given us all such great memories.” Kathleen added: “Happy anniversary! Love this performance of Joseph technicolor dream coat… Didn’t get a chance to see it live… “Just purchased it again on One of my streaming platforms. Just love watching it over and over and over again. Makes me feel happy, so Donny Thank you!” (sic)  