With the cost of living crisis continuing to trudge on, many are trying to find ways of saving more money where they can by cancelling streaming services, switching broadband providers, or changing where they do their food shop. However, many have taken the step to try and change their property’s council tax band to try and save money that way as they believe their band is incorrect. Council Tax bands are based on how much a property was worth on April 1, 1991 for England and April 1, 2003 for Wales. In England and Wales, a person can challenge their council tax band to the Valuation Office Agency (VOA) for three reasons. The property has changed If a property has bee demolished, split into multiple properties or merged into one then it means that the initial assessment could be incorrect as a separate Council Tax band is required for an area of a house, flat or other domestic property which could be occupied separately is vacant. The property’s use has changed If the use of the property is different from when it was first assessed, such as part or whole of the house has now become a businesses then the band will need to be adjusted to reflect this as usually business properties are covered by Business Rates. However, if a home is used "for minor business purposes" such as using a room as a personal office, it would not normally be expected to pay Business Rates. The local area has changed If a new supermarket, shopping centre or sports centre has been built in the area. This means that the council may need to allocate more funds for these new additions such as introducing new bus routes, paying for maintenaince, or adjusting the rubbish collections. The agency then reviews the challenges and decides whether to agree with them or not. In some cases, they might not be able to review the challenge. READ MORE: Britons warned their state pension could be slashed due to a key July change When a person challenges their band, they will need to give a reason for it and provide supporting evidence. The evidence that needs to be submitted must provide the addresses of up to five similar properties that are in a lower council tax band. To be classed as “similar” these properties must be the same in age, style and design, size, although properties that are larger may still be considered, and type. The properties in the evidence must be semi-detached houses if the person is challenging the band of a semi-detached house. The properties in the evidence must be semi-detached houses if the person is challenging the band of a semi-detached house. The house must also be either in the same street or estate if a person lives in a town or city or the same village if a person lives in the countryside.  DON'T MISS:State pension age: Britons could miss free prescriptions [WARNING]Rishi Sunak to give pensioners extra £850 [UPDATE]Retired before 2016? You could get extra £14.48 per week [INSIGHT] The evidence can also provide the price of the property or the price that similar properties were sold for if the sales were between 1 April 1989 and 31 March 1993 in England. In Wales, the sale must have been between April 1, 2001 and March 31, 2005. In England, there are eight council tax bands. Band A includes properties valued up to £40,000, band B is £40,001 to £52,000, band C is up to £68,000, and band D is properties up to £88,000. Properties in the bands of E to HG are valued between £88,001 to £320,000 and band H is for properties above this The rules state that the Valuation Office Agency will not consider average house price information from the Nationwide House Price Index, Rightmove or Zoopla and that it must be data from the Government’s official website. Once the challenge has been submitted to the Valuation Office Agency they have two months to reply and if they agree, they will send a person the new bill and explain why they agree. The official website states that a person “must continue to pay the amounts listed in your original bill until the new bill arrives." If they reject the challenge, they will explain the reasons why and the person will continue paying the original amount. If a person disagrees with the council’s decision, then they can take the case to an independent valuation tribunal.   However, this must be done within two months of the initial decision being given to you and within four months from the person making the challenge. Some circumstances may be eligible for time extensions. Council tax bills rose by around three percent for millions of households in April which has added further pressure to the cost of living crisis. The Money Saving Expert website, run by Martin Lewis, stated that it was “more important than ever” to check the council tax band. In the blog post, Lewis states that thousands of properties have been classified wrong and people may be due payouts worth £100s or £1,000s. However, before challenging people need to be aware that what they are asking for is a reassessment and not a reduction which means that there could be a chance that the council tax bill can increase and become more expensive if the band changes. 