Richarlison appears to have hinted he is heading to Tottenham after telling a young Everton supporter to 'stay happy' on Twitter after his mum declared her child's sorrow at his expected departure. The Brazilian is understood to be close to sealing a switch to north London with Spurs now on the verge of agreeing a fee with the Toffees for the 25-year-old attacker. Richarlison is believed to have told Frank Lampard earlier this summer that he intends to pursue a new challenge for the 2022/23 campaign after helping preserve his current side's Premier League status.  The former Watford man has aspirations of playing Champions League football, something he wants to fulfil ahead of November's World Cup in Qatar. Chelsea and Arsenal had previously shown interest but it's Tottenham who look set to open the bidding following progressive negotiations with Everton. Football.London believe Spurs are confident of agreeing a fee within the next 24 hours as Everton need to push through the deal before the Financial Fair Play deadline. READ MORE: Leeds 'waiting for new Arsenal bid' before finalising Chelsea transfer deal for Raphinha Richarlison is believed to have told Frank Lampard earlier this summer that he intends to pursue a new challenge for the 2022/23 campaign after helping preserve his current side's Premier League status. The clip shows Richarlison juggling the ball in Everton's 1-0 win over Manchester United in April - and Spurs fans will be purring over the prospect of another exciting summer addition.  Richarlison has now indicated with his social media activity that he's preparing to say his goodbyes on Merseyside. Everton fan Karolina Taylor (@KarolinaMahoney) shared a picture of her teary-eyed son after informing him that his favourite player could be off. The Toffees supporter wrote: "Whoops! Just told my lad that it looks like @richarlison97 #richarlison is going to Tottenham. I cried the same when Lineker left (showing my age a bit there)." Just below, Richarlison appeared to confirm the move in a heartfelt short message, writing: "Stay happy my friend." DON'T MISS MORE TRANSFER GOSSIPCristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signingsLeeds 'waiting for new Arsenal bid' before finalising Chelsea transfer deal for RaphinhaTottenham 'offer Everton blockbuster £100m transfer package' after Daniel Levy dinner date Richarlison also liked the post shortly after deleting a tweet that all but indicated he will be heading to north London. He temporarily retweeted a video from Spurs fan account @Daily_Hotspur that was titled 'O Jogo bonito', accompanied with an emoji of a Brazil flag. The clip shows Richarlison juggling the ball in Everton's 1-0 win over Manchester United in April - and Spurs fans will be purring over the prospect of another exciting summer addition. Tottenham are now working to agree a final fee with Everton with personal terms not expected to be a problem. Spurs owner Daniel Levy met with Everton chairman Bill Kenwright for dinner in Mayfair, London on Monday as part of Tottenham's bid to strike a deal. He is also understood to have enquired about the prospect of signing young winger Anthony Gordon. Everton are also in talks to sign Harry Winks from Spurs, although the deal could be separate to any transaction regarding the transfer of Richarlison. Tottenham had also been looking at Raphinha from Leeds but now the Everton forward looks set to become their fourth summer signing...