Jake Paul has reacted to the news that Tommy Fury has been denied entry into the US. Fury, who attempted to fly out to New York on Monday to attend the pair’s press conference, was stopped by homeland security at Heathrow Airport and was prevented from boarding his flight. After speculation arose online, Fury took to social media on Tuesday to confirm the news. "I just want to come on here and set the record straight before anyone else tries to,” said Fury in an Instagram post. “Me and my team arrived this morning at Heathrow Airport. Ready for the press conference. Ready to fly out. And as soon as I entered the airport, I got pulled to one side and I was told by a Homeland security officer that was there that my ESTA had been denied and I wasn't able to travel to the USA for a reason that I apparently know. "I can stand here and say I've done absolutely nothing wrong, and I have no clue why I am not allowed to travel to the USA. Like I say, I've been training for a fight this whole time and that's all I've been doing. I have no clue why they would not allow me to travel today. Neither does any of my team, or my lawyers.” The update comes after Tommy's older brother Tyson Fury was allegedly stopped from entering the country recently. Now, Paul has responded to his opponent’s message and claims it is just another excuse to pull out of the fight. He posted: “Tommy, no matter how hard u try to get out of this fight, I’m going 2 do everything in my power 2 not let u weasel ur way out. My team & my partners have made it clear the steps u need to take 2 solve ur latest excuse. Take them or admit ur a scared little b****. #TommyFumbles.” Both men were originally set to face each other in December last year but the fight was cancelled after Fury pulled out due to a rib injury and bacterial infection sustained in camp. The fight was rescheduled after a lengthy negotiation process to August 6 but now that date looks in jeopardy as well. Following the news, the official press conference for the fight, which was due to take place on Wednesday, has been cancelled and many fear the same for the fight itself. The long-awaited grudge match is due to take place at Madison Square Garden on August 6 with featherweight world champion Amanda Serrano set to co-headline against Brenda Carabajal. While undefeated prospect Ashton 'h20' Sylve features on the undercard.