The royals came out in full force for the pageant which concluded the festivities over the weekend celebrating the Monarch’s 70th year on the throne. Royal fans were delighted and surprised when the Queen unexpectedly appeared on the balcony of Buckingham Palace at the end of the celebrations to greet her subjects.  According to Mike Tindall, husband of Princess Anne’s daughter Zara Phillips, who were both in the royal box at the event, revealed that the family were rather desperate to leave by the end of the celebration. The former England rugby player and his wife had attended multiple events across the jam-packed weekend, including the Epsom Derby and the thanksgiving service at St Pauls. The 43-year-old royal spoke about the weekend on his podcast The Good, The Bad and The Rugby, featuring James Haskell, Alex Payne and Zinzan Brooke. Mr Tindall was asked about the events following the Pageant and he said that the Royals wanted to “get out as quickly as possible”.  One of the presenters on the podcast asked if the members of the family had a cup of tea to go over the different things that happened over the weekend in a sort of “debrief”. Mike said: “No there wasn’t really. After the Pageant, it was basically try and get out as quickly as you can. “There was more…after the concert, we all chatted together because we went in and had a drink after, but not really after the Pageant.” He added: “I think everyone was pretty happy and I think the committee that put it together did an incredible job.” Zara and Mike sat behind the Cambridges at the Pageant and next to them were politicians including Boris Johnson, Keir Starmer and Sadiq Khan. READ MORE: What plants to prune now to help 'successful growth' in the garden   Mr Tindall was sat next to Boris Johnson who he said he had a couple of conversations with about “the ability to firefight”. He said: “I was talking about the ability to firefight with Boris Johnson, but he sounds like he’s going to have another one by the end of the day. “There’s so many questions you want to ask, but it’s not really the right time to do it, so it was just basic pleasantries.” He added: “He asked a bit about rugby, he thought we won in ‘99, but there you go. He was alright. “The kids were the stars of the show”. DON'T MISS: Plotting to oust Boris will end in electoral failure - PATRICK O'FLYNN [COMMENT]Johnson slammed for trying to regain trust with NHS rescue plan [REACTION]Queen should make key political decisions over Boris - new poll [INSIGHT]   The royal child that truly stole the show was Prince Louis with his excitement and ever-changing facial expressions. At one point Mike was seen joking and pulling faces at Louis to keep the little one entertained during the long event. Mike said: “It’s tough for them. They’re all young. It’s a long time, but as any parents know, you just do whatever needs to be done. “Louis, he just wanted to have fun. And my two [daughters, Mia and Lena] are always mischievous, so it’s trying to keep a lid on. “There were a lot of sweets out back though, so there was a real sugar high.” 