Hyundai has unveiled its latest EV and it is sure to make Tesla Model 3 buyers pause for a moment. The Ioniq 6 follows the multi-award-winning Ioniq 5, and this effort is more pleasing to the eye than the boxy 80s-retro predecessor. Styling is more than a little reminiscent of some of Mercedes' better-known models like the CLS. But Hyundai says the car is actually inspired by boats and even calls it a ‘Steamliner’ rather than a saloon. Hyundai has covered the car in ‘parametric pixel’ lights, and says they are “in various places, such as headlamps, rear combination lamps, front lower sensors, air vent garnishes and centre console indicator, to reinforce the IONIQ brand’s identity throughout the vehicle.” It’s also the most aerodynamic vehicle the firm has produced to date. READ MORE: Electric cars may pay car tax through 'vehicle tracking technologies' Although Hyundai hasn't revealed exact figures, there should be a choice of batteries ranging from 58kWh to 77.4kWh in size. The largest battery will probably mean a range of more than 300 miles. It's also likely that rear or all-wheel-drive will be on the cards and even a sporty 'N' version with more than 570hp that'll crack 0-62mph in less than 3.5 seconds, reported The Sun. Inside Hyundai hasn't given much away just yet but the Ioniq 6 will seat five people and its insides will be made from sustainable materials. There are twin 12-inch screens for the infotainment and driver's dials and efforts have been made to do away with as many buttons as possible. DON'T MISS High petrol and diesel prices are making the UK’s roads safer [REVEAL] London councils and TfL rack up £1.25million in emission charges [INSIGHT] Drivers warned they risk life in prison for bad driving habits [WARNING] There’s plenty of ambient lighting too. Cameras may be used in place of traditional door mirrors - although it’s not known if this will make production. The Ioniq 6 will go on sale next year and although prices aren't confirmed it should come in at around £45,000 making it slightly cheaper than a Model 3. Hyundai says the vehicle will have an ultra-low drag coefficient of 0.21 — most modern cars have an average drag coefficient of 0.25 or 0.3 — thanks to its low nose and active air flaps, among other elements. Its elliptical wing-inspired spoiler and slight boat-tail structure help make it more aerodynamic, as well. Inside, the Ioniq 6 has a cocoon-shaped interior that's trimmed in sustainable materials, such as eco-process leather or recycled PET fabric for its seats. The company's modular platform for electric vehicles enabled its designers to stretch the car's dimensions and give it a completely flat floor for more legroom and space. For its entertainment and navigation system, it has a modular touchscreen dashboard with a 12-inch touchscreen display and a 12-inch digital cluster. Like the Ioniq 5, it uses the Hyundai Motor Group’s E-GMP skateboard architecture, which also underpins the Kia EV6 and Genesis GV60. And while Hyundai has yet to give a full technical briefing, that means 800V hardware will be standard fitment for rapid charging at speeds of up to 350kW, as will vehicle-to-load compatibility for powering external appliances. As with other cars on this flat-floored platform, it is expected to be offered with a choice of batteries ranging from 58kWh to 77.4kWh in capacity.