Queen Elizabeth II has been a "real fashion icon" for the last 70 years. In her younger years, she would embrace a lot of fashion trends of the time but once her reign began, she was forced to adapt her style to fit her new royal role. Speaking to 9honey, royal author Bethan Holt discussed the 96-year-old's style and how it was forced to change once she became Queen. 9honey's UK correspondent Karishma Sarkari asked Ms Holt: "So, how has the Queen's style evolved across her 70-year reign into, I guess, the uniform that we know her for today." Ms Holt replied: "In the 1950s, when she just became Queen, she was a real fashion icon. "She was really embracing a lot of the trends of the time. "[Like] those tiny waists, those big Christian Dior skirts as well. READ MORE: Kate and William issue rare personal message in deeply emotional tribute to Deborah James "You really saw the Queen playing with that, in the way the Duchess of Cambridge or Meghan Markle play with trends today." She referenced to Kate and Meghan as todays' "royal fashion influences", just as the Queen was in the 1950s. She added: "As she [the Queen] went into the 1960s, she was getting a little bit older, trends were getting, prehaps, not quite fit for a Queen. "You know the whole mini skirt thing, I'm not sure you really wanted to see that on the Queen of England. "Then, she found a way of dressing that really worked for her, a real formula, a real uniform". READ MORE: ‘Grass isn’t greener’ Britons mock ‘homesick’ Harry for thinking he’d have perfect LA life She continued: "It was all about those bright colours, it was all about those skirts and dresses that hit just around the knee. "Always with a beautifully matched hat, as well." The royal author, who wrote the book The Queen: 70 Years of Majestic Style, added: "There's, kind of, been experiments over the years, different ways of doing that. "That fundermental formula remains the same now". DON'T MISS As side from her style, the Queen is also known for her love of brooches. She is rarely seen without a brooch, which are always carefully considered. Despite her ongoing health concerns, the Queen travelled to Scotland this week. She was in Edinburgh for the historic Ceremony of the Keys at the Palace of Holyroodhouse. READ NEXT: