Mrs Obama joined the dozens of leading public figures who have issued a message for the Queen, who is celebrating this weekend her extraordinary 70 years on the throne. The ex-First Lady wished Her Majesty her "warmest congratulations" in a sombre video message she later shared on Twitter. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** "Your Majesty, I am wishing you my warmest congratulations on your Platinum Jubilee. "Over the years, your graceful steady hand has offered us all a shining example of dignity, service and grace. "Congratulations on a remarkable 70 years." Upon sharing the video via her Twitter account, Mrs Obama also referred to her first, nerve-wracking meeting with the Queen. She wrote: "Congratulations to Her Majesty The Queen on a remarkable 70 years! "From welcoming a nervous First Lady to Buckingham Palace to the extraordinary warmth she extended to our entire family, I feel deeply honoured to have spent time with Her Majesty over the years." The Queen and the ex-First Lady met for the first time during the 2009 state visit to the UK of the Obamas, carried out a few months after Barack Obama won the presidential elections. During the visit, Mrs Obama famously put her arm around the Queen in a spontaneous and affectionate gesture, which the monarch reciprocated. READ MORE: Britons slam 'disgraceful' Archbishop suggestion to forgive Andrew While Mrs Obama was accused of breaching royal protocol, which warns against touching members of the Firm, the Queen's confidant and dressmaker Angela Kelly revealed years later the monarch was far from bothered by this gesture. Writing in her memoir 'The Other Side of the Coin', Ms Kelly said: "In reality it was a natural instinct for the Queen to show affection and respect for another great woman and really there is no protocol that must be adhered to." Similarly, Mrs Obama confessed during an interview the Queen is far more lenient on protocol than it is thought. Speaking to author Chinamanda Ngozi Adichie during the promotion of her memoir Becoming, Mrs Obama said: "I had all this protocol buzzing in my head and I was like ‘Don’t trip down the stairs and don't touch anybody, whatever you do…' and so the Queen says ‘Just get in, sit wherever’. "She’s telling you one thing, and you're remembering protocol, and she says 'Oh it's all rubbish, just get in’." Mrs Obama also shared her husband is "incredibly fond of Her Majesty". Indeed, Mr Obama showed his admiration for the Queen in a video message he also filmed to congratulate her on the Jubilee. Addressing the Queen directly, he said: "Your Majesty, it would be an understatement to say the world has changed a bit in the seven decades since you first came to power. "But your character never has. Your steadfast stewardship of one of our most important democracies has made the world safer and more prosperous through war and peace, times of adversity, and times of prosperity. "Your life has been a gift, not just to the United Kingdom, but for the world. "It is with gratitude for your leadership and the kindness you’ve shown me and my family that I say: May the light of your crown continue to reign supreme." Mr and Mrs Obama's messages were shown during Kirsty Young's BBC coverage of Her Majesty’s Trooping of the Colour birthday celebration. The Queen is the first-ever English monarch to reign for 70 years. This incredible milestone is being marked during a four-day-long bank holiday weekend filled with events featuring working and non-working royals. On Thursday, the Jubilee kicked off with the outstanding Trooping the Colour parade, followed by the RAF flypast - which the Queen watched from the Buckingham Palace balcony. Later today, royals will gather at St Paul's Cathedral for a service of thanksgiving. However, the monarch won't be in attendance after experiencing some "discomfort" on Thursday.