The daughter of Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex, joined other members of the Royal Family to pay tribute to the Queen's life and service. The 18-year-old appeared confident as she smiled while walking up the stairs of the London cathedral next to her younger brother James, Viscount Severn. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** Louise's arrival sparked a frenzy among royal fans, stunned by the youngster's poise and "demure". One Twitter user, Deb Burnett-Smith, wrote in response to another tweet focused on the Duchess of Cambridge: "As did Sophie and the lovely demure Lady Louise, both so humble and adorable." Another fan of the Firm, with the nickname The Crown on Twitter, hailed Lady Louise. They wrote: "I absolutely love #ladylouise I think she is coming into her own and will be an important member of the future Royal Family". Others commented on Louise's style, agreeing her outfit for the service was appropriate for her age and elegant. Twitter user and royal watcher Royal Tea wrote: "Lady Louise gets my vote for best dressed today. Age appropriate, flattering and very chic!" Another royal watcher, Ali Catte, said: "Lady Louise definitely won in the style stakes with her lovely dress". Similarly, berniefan wrote: "Lady Louise is stunning beauty". READ MORE: Piers Morgan's dig at Meghan Markle after Prince Louis' reaction And Monica added: "She looked beautiful! Love seeing her grow from a child into a young woman!" After greeting clergymen lined up at St Paul's entrance, Lady Louise took her seat near her parents and brother. As Sophie and Edward are both full-time working royals, James and Louise were given a front seat to the service. In recent weeks, Louise - the Queen's youngest granddaughter - gained the spotlight a number of times. In March, she was among the attendees of the memorial service for Prince Philip, held at Westminster Abbey. In April, Louis joined other royals at the Easter Sunday service at St George's Chapel. And in May she delighted the Queen by taking centre stage at the Royal Windsor Horse Show and during the equestrian spectacle A Gallop Through History. During her performance at the show, Louise led a parade of carriages and horses beloved by Her Majesty. She did so aboard the carriage once owned by her grandfather, Prince Philip. The late Duke of Edinburgh and Lady Louise shared their love for carriage driving. Lady Louise doesn't hold an HRH style or title of princess following the decision of her parents to have her and her brother grow up far from the limelight. In an interview with the Sunday Times in June 2020, Sophie explained the position of her children within the Firm. She said: "We try to bring them up with the understanding they are very likely to have to work for a living. "Hence we made the decision not to use HRH titles. "They have them and can decide to use them from 18, but I think it’s highly unlikely." Louise turned 18 last November, but hasn't yet publicly expressed a desire to dedicate her life to royal duties.