Tesla’s have always been heralded for their safety features and their durability, but many have heralded the video as nothing short of a “miracle”. Twitter user Jay in Shanghai posted a 15-second clip of a large tree which had fallen onto a Tesla Model 3. They captioned the post: “Meanwhile in China, massive tree falls onto Tesla Model 3 glass roof driver walks away uninjured. “Elon Musk once said that Tesla Model 3 is the safest car in the world.” The tree caught some power lines when it was falling, but the video showed that much of the weight fell on top of the Model 3. Despite being crushed by the tree, the Model 3 survived the incident. READ MORE: Drivers urged to use hypermiling 'tricks' to increase fuel efficiency The glass roof did not break, and reports from social media suggested that the driver was able to escape unharmed. This does seem to be the case as the driver’s side door of the vehicle was opened in the video, Teslarati reported. Other Twitter users praised the Tesla for its safety features and its design. One commenter shared another video, this time in Canada, of a tree falling on top of a Tesla Model 3 from December 2021. DON'T MISSDrivers warned of using 'not good' hypermiling techniques to save fuel [INSIGHT]'This is madness': Drivers slam EU for 2035 petrol and diesel car ban [SHOCKING]Lack of electric car chargers leaving UK unequipped for EV future [NEW DATA] It claimed that a 900kg tree fell on top of the electric vehicle in Ontario, Canada, after strong winds. The occupants, who were on their way to a wedding, were said to be okay after the incident. Another commenter said: “Dang! That roof stronger than Superman!” A third user said: “Good advertising. Very safe. “Maybe the safest thing I’ve ever seen.” The Model 3 earned a five-star safety rating from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. In 2013, Tesla’s Model S made headlines around the world after the all-electric vehicle broke testing equipment. The Model S broke the roof-crushing test equipment at an independent facility before it could register a result past four G’s of pressure. According to Electrek, this means that four Model S’s could pile up on another without the cabin caving in. The car also achieved five stars from the NHTSA for side frontal, side, pole and rollover protection. In the last three months of 2021, Tesla reported that its vehicles saw one crash for every 1.59 million miles driven. By comparison, NHTSA’s most recent data shows that in the United States there is an automobile crash every 484,000 miles.