Denise Welch, 64, has spoken out on her feud with Piers Morgan, 57, who has recently launched his new TV show, Piers Morgan: Uncensored. The Loose Women panellist warned she was “not frightened” of the former Good Morning Britain star as she admitted her satisfaction over his new programme “bombing”. Piers has been dealt with a blow after seeing his TalkTV show take a dive in ratings. The first instalment of the programme boasted more than 400,000 viewers and became an instant hit. However, the momentum was soon lost as his figures have dropped significantly since April. Monitoring the ratings, TV critic and broadcaster Scott Bryan tweeted: "Piers Morgan Uncensored continues to experience some of his lowest overnight ratings yet. READ MORE: Richard Madeley and wife Judy in rare joint appearance at Ascot "His first episode in April had 317,000 viewers. Last night’s episode had *just* 32,000 viewers, a tenth of that." Denise reflected on Piers’ show’s fast decline in ratings, confessing she was “happy” to see it had lost momentum. She said: “Sometimes I can’t help it and I’m sorry, I’m not a vengeful person, but when I saw that his show was bombing, was I happy? Yeah!” Denise’s observation follows a long-standing feud between the pair after Piers branded her a “Covid-denier” after she pointed out the “horrendous collateral damage” lockdowns could have in people’s wellbeing. Recounting the pair’s row over the coronavirus pandemic, Denise said: “He’s [Piers Morgan] had digs about me. He called me a Covid-denier, which couldn’t be further from the truth. “You cannot make accusations like that about somebody who is actually speaking out on behalf of people’s mental health. I’m not frightened of Piers Morgan.” The actress concluded in an interview with Platinum magazine: “I’m very lucky and very honoured to be relevant and on a show where we celebrate age and experience. “You’re a better Loose Woman the more loose you are.” DON'T MISS...Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [INSIGHT]Lewis' wife Lara covers scars with 'heavy make-up' after injury [ANALYSIS]Demi Rose stuns in series of very busty selfies as she returns to UK [UPDATE] In a 2020 Twitter rant, Piers said: “Dumb, deluded & dangerous Covid-deniers like Denise Welch need to stop being given airtime. “Her idiotic, ill-informed ramblings – from a woman who never stops telling us that she suffers from mental illness – will cost lives by persuading people to think the virus isn’t a threat.” Denise hit back at Piers’ claims at the time, writing: “Please ask Mr Morgan to show me one tweet, one interview where I have denied Covid? “He doesn’t want to be telling complete and utter lies with such a huge following. Seriously.” The pair clashed again earlier this year after Piers voiced his fury over the photos of Prime Minister Boris Johnson appearing to attend a party in his Downing Street garden during the first lockdown which banned such gatherings. He wrote on Twitter: "The worst thing about all these illicit Downing Street parties is they will make covid sceptics and anti-lockdowners feel vindicated in their suspicions that the virus was never that dangerous or why would the people running the country all be ignoring the rules so brazenly?" Denise then fired back in a tweet: "Anti lockdowners are not Covid sceptics Piers. We are people who knew that such drastic action would cause horrendous collateral damage as it has. “We also knew that Covid although desperately serious for some was not to most people as reflected in the govts blatant lack of fear." (sic) Read the full interview in the August issue of Platinum Magazine – out now.