Motorists across the UK have been told to beware of car parks located along the British coastline as they can charge huge sums of money for a short stay. The issue is prominent all over the UK and includes holiday destinations such as Cornwall and Blackpool. Holidaymakers now often turn to destinations in the UK amid the cost of living crisis. Airport chaos is another factor that can put people off from travelling abroad. And, as the search for staycations soars, so do car park prices. New research carried out by breakdown provider Start Rescue has revealed that some UK seaside holiday destinations are taking advantage of motorists. READ MORE: Drivers warned of using 'not good' hypermiling techniques to save fuel One of those destinations is Newquay. Described by many as Cornwall’s “favourite holiday destination”, Newquay welcomed more than five million tourists last year. The town, however, was also branded as the most expensive. When it comes to car parks, one location decided to charge motorists £35 for an eight-hour stay. DON'T MISS RAC declares ‘National fuel crisis’ with prices at £2 per litre [INSIGHT] Ford Focus under threat as production to be cut [REVEAL] Car thefts up 30 percent in parts of the UK [WARNING] Free parking facilities were removed from many seaside towns, including Newquay, in June 2020. In order to make more revenue, the resorts instead opted for expensive tariffs. Brighton is another one of those places. Motorists may have to fork out as much as £31.50 a day to enjoy the seaside. In Blackpool, drivers can expect to pay £18. Other expensive car park locations include Bournemouth and Weymouth, in Dorset, and surf spot Polzeath in Cornwall. Lee Puffett, Managing Director of Start Rescue, said: “Parking our vehicle is something many of us take for granted and it’s the last thing we should be worried about when taking a break at the seaside. "We often find a parking space at the seaside, see the high cost to park, but are wary of moving in case we can’t find a cheaper space elsewhere." Ms Puffett also urged drivers to do their research before they set out on their staycations. She said: "Choose wisely and you’ll have more money to spend on the things that matter most.” Many drivers have branded the car park prices as a “rip-off”. Speaking about one of the car parks located in Cornwall, one Express reader said: “The simple answer is don’t park and pay then you won’t get ripped off try and use park and ride.”