The bonds are described on the NS&I website as a “fun way to save”, as holders are put into a prize draw each month, rather than getting an interest rate. However, for those wanting guaranteed returns or whose situation has changed, they may no longer be an ideal investment.    Some 23 million people hold Premium Bonds, so they will be suitable for some but not others. Premium Bonds can be cashed in at any time and this can be done online or over the phone. The holder’s number and bank account details will be needed, as well as the bond record, if the person wants to cash in specific bonds. People cashing in a child’s Premium Bonds will need their number and account details, as well as the bond record for specific bonds. READ MORE: HSBC customer devastated as she loses £22,000 in scam There is also the option to download and print a cashing in form, which can be sent off by post along with the bond certificates to be cashed in. Savers can also arrange for a paper form to be sent out in the post for those who don’t have access to a printer. There is an interactive calendar on the NS&I website, where visitors can find out how long it would take for the money to be sent over, for a given date. Millions of prizes are won every month through the Premium Bonds scheme, and range from £25 to £1 million, all tax free.  The odds of winning are 24,500 to 1, for each £1 bond. Prizes can be paid straight into an NS&I Direct Saver account or reinvested into more Premium Bonds. Lucky winners can also get their prizes sent as a cheque through the post. Each investment in the bonds must be £25, and can be bought online, over the phone or by post. Money can be paid in from another NS&I account. The bonds are backed by the Government with no penalties for those who need to take out cash. Martin Lewis, from Money Saving Expert, recently told This Morning viewers that Britons would be better off putting their money in savings accounts. A caller told the ITV programme that she had saved the maximum £50,000 and had only won £50 in the previous three months. Mr Lewis said in response: “If you take all the bonds and add up all the prizes and divide it by the number of people you get one percent back. “But actually for everybody who wins a million, a lot of people have to win less than that, so someone with typical luck will win less than one percent.” The value of the payout is also dwindling because of inflation, decreasing by more than half since it was introduced 28 years ago. If it had kept pace with retail price inflation, it would be worth more than £2.3 million today.