The Government Department published the detailed plans of the financial support measures this morning. The first automatic instalment of £326 will be paid to qualifying low income households from July 14. The second half of the instalment, which is £324, is set to be paid in the Autumn. However, the Autumn date has not yet been announced. The payment will go to households who receive Universal Credit, Income-based Jobseekers Allowance, Income-related Employment and Support Allowance, Income Support, Working Tax Credit, Child Tax Credit, and Pension Credit. The Government reiterated that the payment will be tax-free and will not count towards the benefit cap. It will also not have any impact on existing benefit awards. Britons will need to have been entitled to one of the qualifying benefits on May 25 2022 to get the first payment. It also stated that anyone who has a joint claim with a partner will get just one payment of £650 between the two. READ MORE: Don't click! Post scams including DHL, EVRI and DPD ripping off Britons - essential signs Overall, households will receive a total of £650 extra to help them with the cost of living crisis. The DWP stated that the scheme has been designed to be “deliberately slightly unequal” in order to minimise fraud risks from people who would exploit the system. This is because the distinct values relate to the specific qualifying payments and makes it simpler to determine if a payee received the correct payments and the DWP can track this. The plans also highlight that a separate £300 payment is also available for pensioners, and an extra £150 payment for disabled people, which is to be paid on top of the £650 payment. DON'T MISSPension alert: You face a test at 75 which will determine tax [ANALYSIS]‘My heart dropped!’ Woman, 65, on PIP loses £1,000 to vicious scam [WARNING]'Not enough to live on!' Carer, 62, laments state pension sum [EXCLUSIVE] These dates are also yet to be announced. Alongside these payments, the Government announced last month that it is to provide £400 to all households to help with rising energy costs. This payment will not have to be paid back and replaced the £200 loan announced by the Chancellor earlier this year. The publication states that with the £150 council tax rebate for bands A-D then the lowest income households will receive at least £1,200 in support this year. The Council Tax rebates began to be distributed in April. Councils have been given until September to give out all the payments due. Work and Pensions Secretary, Thérèse Coffey stated that the financial support was part of the government’s £37billion cost of living support scheme. Ms Coffey said: “With millions of the lowest-income households soon seeing the first of two cash instalments land into their bank accounts, we are taking action to directly help families with the cost of living.” The cost of living crisis has continued to spiral over the last few months with the prices of supermarket food items having surged and the cost of petrol and diesel reaching record highs. Ofgem boss confirmed last month that the energy price cap looks set to rise again to £2,800 in October. This followed the increase in April from £1,277 to £1,971 per year. The Chancellor of the Exchequer has been under pressure to support the most vulnerable households during this crisis. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Rishi Sunak said: “We have a responsibility to protect those who are paying the highest price for rising inflation, and we are stepping up to help. I said we would stand by people when they needed help, and we are.”