The Consumer Prices Index (CPI) rose by 9.1 percent in the year to May 2022, up from 9.0 percent in April, figures released today show. Experts have today warned it means a UK recession is looking "more and more probable." Last week, the Bank of England increased the Base Rate for a fifth consecutive time, this time to 1.25 percent. The central bank also warned inflation is expected to exceed 11 percent in October. Giles Coghlan, Chief Analyst, HYCM said: "As today’s inflation data came in just a fraction below the market’s maximum expectations of 9.3 percent year-on-year, traders and investors should therefore watch for yet more aggressive action from the Monetary Policy Committee in August. "Predictions are currently suggesting that inflation could top 11 percent this year – this, combined with the Ofgem cap rise due in October, means that the risk of a recession is looking more and more probable by the moment." Annabelle Williams, personal finance specialist at Nutmeg, the digital wealth manager, said after a two percentage point rise from March to April, this 0.1 percentage point rise could comes as some "light relief". READ MORE: State pension: Widowed? You could inherit your partner’s retirement sum However, she warned: "The stark reality is households are really noticing how much less their money can buy. There has been a surge in demand for supermarket value ranges as food prices reach their highest level for 13 years. “But there could be worse to come. Hot on the heels of its recent interest rate rise, the Bank of England has reassessed its forecast for inflation, now predicting it could reach 11 percent later in the year and warning that there may need to be further increases to interest rates to cool inflation. “While most Britons with a mortgage are on a fixed-rate deal, rate rises will be difficult for those on variable rates and people hoping to either move home or buy their first place. “Hopeful home-buyers and movers ought to get their skates on, because any further interest rate rises will affect affordability. Lack of supply in the housing market may keep prices high.” On the possibility of a recession, she said: “It’s too soon to call definitively whether there will be a recession in the UK this year, but the ducks are getting into a row. The economy may begin to teeter on the edge of a recession by the end of the summer." Nicholas Hyett, Investment Analyst at Wealth Club, warned a "sustained" recession could be on the cards. Commenting on today's figures, he said: "Recent reports elsewhere suggest wages are struggling to keep up with rising prices. "That’s bad news for consumers and means the costs of living squeeze is likely to get worse, making a sustained recession more likely. "But, for those looking for a ray of light in these numbers, slower wage growth could mean the current inflationary surge proves sort lived – subsiding once the commodity and supply crunches caused by the pandemic and war in Ukraine fall out of the numbers. "That certainly seems to be the Bank of England’s hope given last week’s more modest 0.25 percent rate." Rob Morgan, Chief Investment Analyst at Charles Stanley, commented: “It’s clear inflation is no longer ‘transitory’, but the unanswerable question is how embedded inflation has become. Long term inflationary expectations are increasing, leading the Bank of England to become more hawkish with interest rates. “This has been hampering bonds, as the income stream appears less attractive and investors demand a lower price to buy them. A similar picture is being painted in the share market, as future profits are worth less in today’s terms if inflation is higher. "There are also greater pressures on companies in terms of higher commodity and finished goods prices, and potentially higher wage bills too. "With consumers and businesses in a less healthy position, the possibility of recession is growing ever more likely as the central bank ‘medicine’ of higher interest rates gives the ‘patient’ – the global economy – some nasty side effects." Responding to the news today, Chancellor of the Exchequer, Rishi Sunak said: “I know that people are worried about the rising cost of living, which is why we have taken targeted action to help families, getting £1,200 to the eight million most vulnerable households.