Data breaches are on the rise meaning email hacks are becoming increasingly common as scammers are able to obtain passwords and emails of innocent victims. On BBC’s Dirty Rotten Scammers this morning, show-jumping coach Zara explained the devastating impact that these scammers had on her life. In September 2018 she was waiting for inheritance money to be paid into her account by the solicitors dealing with the probate. She had given the solicitors her bank details in person as well as over email several times. She was told the money had been transferred into her account however when going to make a purchase one day, her card had been declined. Confused by this, she went to visit her bank who confirmed to her that there was no money in her account. READ MORE: Thousands of carers set to receive £245 extra on top of Carer's Allowance - are you? Zara had no income and no inheritance. She said: “My car was going to be repossessed. “I was being chased for money by everybody because I owed money. “The electricity was being threatened to be cut off, everything, but still nothing was forthcoming. “I’m paranoid now of using cards and everything now.”  These criminals were able to get hold on Zara’s password to have taken control of her email. Oz Alashe, CEO & Founder at CybSafe, said that “length beats complexity”. For people trying to strengthen their passwords to avoid hackers getting into their accounts, he suggested that people choose three random words and put them together. The show's team of ethical hackers were able to discover that Zara’s data had been subject to a data breach. They found that hackers were able to steal her information from a system or a company and they do that without any authorisation. In many cases the company may not even know. Zara said: “I’m actually horrified because I try hard to be very careful. “I find it very disconcerting that people have been able to find out things about me. “Abused is a strange word, but I feel like I’ve been abused because someone has taken information that I’ve put out and they’ve used it. “It’s scary that people have this information.” Dirty Rotten Scammers is available on BBC iPlayer.