The Duchess of Sussex got to meet members of the Grenfell community in 2018, when she discovered the Hubb Community Kitchen and decided to support it by writing the forewords to the book 'Together: Our Community Cookbook'. And, despite having bowed out of the Firm as its working member in the spring of 2020, Meghan has remained in touch with those who came together in the wake of the fire at the residential tower that claimed the lives of 72 people and left injured many more. On Tuesday, the fifth anniversary of the tragedy, the official Instagram account of the Hubb Community Kitchen revealed the Duchess had got in touch with members of the organisation to catch up. In a post, the group wrote: "Today is a day spent looking back, remembering and reflecting. "I just found this picture of us all, on the day our cookbook came out. "The Duchess had wrapped a book for each one of us and wrote a lovely message to each lady on the first page. "Always very thoughtful, today we received a lovely voice message from the Duchess, being the 5 [fifth] years anniversary of the Grenfell tragedy, asking how we are, about our children and families and giving us news of hers. "Just being her beautiful kind self." The account also shared a picture dating back to 2018, showing Meghan smiling while surrounded by members of the community kitchen holding up a wrapped copy of their cookbook. News the group is still in Meghan's thoughts was hugely welcome by Instagram users. READ MORE: Prince Harry mocked by Montecito author after trip to UK with Meghan One, rasha_amad, wrote: "She’s always so thoughtful and kind! God bless you all." Another, honey_queenbee74, added: "Wishing everyone all the best. Meghan is so thoughtful, kind and an amazing woman." And mazzy_hmal posted: "Sending all you ladies love and hugs. She’s a wonderful soul." The Hubb Community Kitchen was formed in the aftermath of the devastating fire and saw a group of local women gathering to cook fresh food for their families, neighbours, bereaved and homeless people. The cookbook, which marked Meghan's first solo project as a member of the Royal Family, raised funds for a renovation of the kitchen. The launch of the book was celebrated with an event hosted in the gardens of Kensington Palace, also attended by Meghan's mother Doria Ragland and Prince Harry. Meghan also got in touch with members of the community kitchen last year. During their video call, the Duchess recalled her various meetings, often held far from the spotlight, with the community members and their work on the cookbook. Meghan isn't the only member of the Firm to have reached out to the Grenfell community on the fifth anniversary of the tragedy. Yesterday, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge headed to North Kensington to meet some of the survivors and relatives of those who lost their lives in the fire. They later sat in the front row as they took part in a multi-faith service hosted at the foot of the tower. Muna Hussain, 50, a local resident whose children went to school with five of those who died in the fire, said the royal presence at the service was "huge" for the community. The resident added Kate and William showed they "shared that feeling" of mourning of the community on the fifth anniversary. Three years ago, the Cambridges had already met with some of the people affected by the tragedy during the launch of the National Emergencies Trust, a charity formed to provide emergency services during disasters in the UK.