The Sovereign Grant has recently sparked controversy due to concerns over the monarchy's spending, in particular during the current living crisis. It has been reported that the Queen is, however, personally meeting the funding shortfall, This revelation had led Vanity Fair's royal editor Katie Nicholl to claim that the Queen is the main one "feeling the pinch" after having to foot the bill of £14.6million to meet the funding needs. Speaking on GB News, host Isabel Webster said: "Every time the Sovereign Grant comes up, people, sort of, scratch their heads and ask difficult questions about whether they were getting value for money for The Firm. "When it's going up so significantly when so many other people are tightening their belts, there's even more awkward conversation." Ms Nicholl said: "I think it's important to make two points here, because you are getting a lot of figures thrown at you in this, sort of, debrief." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Key details of Prince Harry and Meghan's trip to England laid bare "It's worth saying that the Sovereign Grant, which is the pot of money that the Royal Family get from the Government. "It's financed by us, taxpayers", adding that "that stayed the same". She stated this amount is £86.3million. Ms Nicholl added that there is a shortfall of £14.6million, which is "being met by the Queen personally". She noted that because of this, the one "really feeling the pinch" is the Queen because "she is having to "dip into her own coffers". READ MORE: Meghan 'dreamed of being a princess like Kate' LONG before meeting Harry in unearthed blog Earlier this month, thousands celebrated the Queen's Platinum Jubilee over a four-day bank holiday weekend. It has been reported that Chancellor Rishi Sunak set aside £28million to deliver “a major celebration for the UK” in the 2021 budget. This money helped fund the Queen’s Birthday Parade on Thursday June 2, as well as the Saturday evening’s Platinum Party. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan stuck in 'stalemate' with royals [INSIGHT]Meghan's comments on Kate 'really damaging' for Harry and William [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry 'thinking of relinquishing title' - claim [VIDEO] This worked out to costing an estimated £1 to each UK household. Royal accounts also showed that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's flights for their Caribbean tour, which they embarked on earlier this year, cost the taxpayer more than £226,000. The tour was considered highly controversial at the time, with calls for the royals to apologise and face slavery reparations. READ NEXT: