Denise Richards has launched her own OnlyFans page after the model was recently slammed by ex-husband Charlie Sheen for allowing their child to sign up to the X-rated site. The 51-year-old reality star took to Instagram on Thursday to announce she would be joining the raunchy website. She even attached a link to a short clip of her paddling in the ocean, urging fans to click on her OnlyFans page. “Ready... here we go,” she wrote, before adding the hashtag #OnlyFans and writing: “Link in bio.” The link takes social media users directly to Denise’s OnlyFans page. She currently only has one post - and users are required to pay $25 a month to gain access to her content. READ MORE: Adele fans rage at singer as she announces new gig 'What about Vegas' Denise was quick to voice support for her daughter in the comments section to her Instagram post announcing the account’s launch. She said: “Sami I will always support you and always have your back. I love you.” In a statement made to Page Six, she insisted Sami should be allowed to make her own choices as a legal adult. “Sami is 18, and this decision wasn’t based on whose house she lives in,” Denise said. “All I can do as a parent is guide her and trust her judgment, but she makes her own choices.” She then posted a lengthy statement on her own account supporting her daughter’s decision and also teasing that she would be tempted to start her own page. The Wild Things star wrote: “I’m sorry, but s***t if I can get paid and at my age? to see me in a bikini?!? God bless you. DON'T MISS... Victoria Beckham admits she's happy to go braless at 48[LATEST]Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen vows to wear 'inappropriate clothing'[ADMISSION]Amanda Holden, 51, flaunts impressive flexibility in mini dress[PICTURES] “Perhaps I should open my own account. Oh & those of you that are so judgmental... “Sounds like you might already subscribe to an @onlyfans account. Have a great weekend.” That price is $5 higher than the fee being charged by her teenage daughter Sami. The teenager sparked lots of contention earlier this month when she launched her OnlyFans account. It caused her father Charlie to publicly bash the decision, while criticising his ex-wife. He said in a statement given to US Weekly: “This did not occur under my roof. “She is 18 years old now and living with her mother. “I do not condone this but since I’m unable to prevent it, I urged her to keep it classy, creative and not sacrifice her integrity.” The pair divorced in 2006, shortly after Sami was born.