Andrew Pierce, consultant editor at the Daily Mail, and Kevin Maguire, associate editor at the Daily Mirror, argued over whether the Duke and Duchess of Sussex should attend celebrations to mark the 96-year-old monarch's 70th year on the throne. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle confirmed in May they would be making a return to the UK. The couple even said they would be bringing children Archie and Lilibet with them and are likely to stay at Frogmore Cottage on the Windsor Estate. The Sussexes are also expected to attend a service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday. During the Jubilee debate on GB News, Mr Pierce said: "You know why they're coming, Dan, it's because they've got to be back in the bosom of the Royal Family if they're to justify a single million dollars they are being paid by Netflix." The veteran journalist also suggested the US streaming service had only brought the Sussexes onboard due to the Duke's blue blood. JUST IN: Princess Eugenie net worth laid bare as she eyes Portugal move with husband Jack However, Mr Pierce added: "I simply don't trust them. "When Harry came to see his grandmother, and they had a nice, private chat, he blabbed it all over the television in America, saying how he'd been to Britain, he had to make sure she was being protected. "Who from? Him most likely." Mr Pierce then speculated about Harry "sticking it to Camilla" in his upcoming Megxit memoir. Mr Maguire responded by chuckling: "Dan, he's a British citizen, he's entitled to come here." The Daily Mirror journalist then took aim at the Kiwi-born presenter and Mr Pierce. He said: "You and Andrew would be the first to slag him off if he didn't come with Meghan." Maguire, a self-proclaimed republican, added: "He can't win now with you, can he?" DON'T MISS:Ukrainian refugee sees looted item on Russian tankUkraine LIVE: Putin chemical plant strike fills city with toxic fumesBrits brace for ‘cool’ week as cloud and rain brings thundery showers Mr Pierce was seen shaking his head as Mr Maguire set out his case. Maguire concluded by saying: "In some ways, they are the future of the monarchy." Mr Pierce was seen shaking his head as Mr Maguire set out his case. Maguire concluded by saying: "In some ways, they are the future of the monarchy."