At a time of profound economic uncertainty, the militants’ demands are unaffordable and their actions indefensible. With the network facing huge losses because of the decline in passenger numbers since Covid, this is a moment for reform, not generous pay settlements and the continuation of outdated working practices. Inhabiting a world of Marxist fantasies, the rail union bosses like to see themselves as the champions of the proletariat engaged in an epic fight against the Conservative Government. That delusional narrative was spelt out by Mick Lynch, the leader of the 40,000-strong RMT, at a rally in central London last Saturday, when he launched into a lurid tirade full of revolutionary fervour. “We are in a class struggle now. Whose side are you on? Are you going to be with us or are you going to be on the sidelines while the Tories butcher the working class?” Only a zealot who has lost his grip on political reality could come up with such hysterical rhetoric. Indeed, Lynch’s wild call to join the barricades was grotesque on so many levels. For a start, far from being the workers’ defenders, the bullying rail unions are their persecutors. While Lynch of the RMT and his comrades in the white-collar TSSA and the drivers’ union ASLEF mouth the language of solidarity, they are inflicting heavy punishment on working people. The biggest struggle most commuters will experience this week is not the ideological battle taking place in Lynch’s puerile imagination but the miserable quest to maintain a living in the face of such union obstructionism. Equally absurd is the pretence that members of the transport unions are downtrodden victims of a cruel, Tory-run capitalist system. In fact, rail staff earn more than most other employees in Britain. Compared to a nurse on an average of £31,000 or a teacher on £37,000, the median salary for train workers is £44,000.  The rewards are even greater for drivers, the true aristocrats of labour, who have a median salary of £59,000, while incredibly some London Tube drivers are paid over £100,000. Mick Lynch himself is hardly suffering from poverty. His overall package is reportedly worth £124,000 a year. The irony is that the unions, in their bovine intransigence, are dangerously undermining the very network they claim to be defending. Having lost almost a third of passengers since Covid, Britain’s railways are in deep trouble. Over the last two years, public subsidies worth £16billion have been handed over. Urgent change is needed to cut costs and boost nproductivity. Yet unions have repeatedly blocked technological innovation and made effective management impossible. If they carry on, the result with be a rapid further decline of the railways, amid heavy job losses, line closures and a switch of traffic to the roads. Lynch and his crew should remember what happened to British Leyland in the 1970s, when the country’s leading car maker was destroyed from within by strike-addicted trade unions led by the notorious shop steward Derek “Red Robbo” Robinson. The same was true of the coal industry in the 1980s, whose demise was hastened by the bullying antics of the miners’ union boss Arthur Scargill. But Scargill was up against a formidable foe in Margaret Thatcher. Today’s ministers have yet to display the same spirit against rail union wreckers. If they want to show resolution, there are two simple steps they could take to immediately emasculate the tinpot revolutionaries.  The first is to raise the maximum sum that unions have to pay if they are sued over the impact of any illegal strike. That cap has stood unaltered at £250,000 since 1982. Given the potential mayhem, it should be far higher. The second, more important, move is to end the unions’ longstanding immunity from action for damages arising from a legal stoppage. No other individual or corporation enjoys this kind of legal protection. It has promoted politicised stubbornness where the unions remain strong. If passengers and businesses could sue for losses incurred by a walkout, the troublemakers would be tamed. All the Government needs is the same kind of courage that drove Mrs Thatcher. 