Prices hit 238.9p a litre for unleaded petrol and 249.9p for a litre of diesel in a Gulf petrol station on Sloane Avenue, according to a news report. RAC motoring group's Simon Williams said it was thought to be one of the highest in the UK.  Mr Williams told BBC Radio London: “Every day seems to be a new record. "Those are particularly high prices, the average is currently 183p a litre for petrol and nearly 189p a litre for diesel. "So those prices are particularly high, some of the highest in the country." Gulf has been approached by the BBC for a comment.   The cost of petrol has soared in recent weeks with the average price of petrol now 182.31p per litre, and 188.05p per litre for diesel. Fuel prices have increased sharply because the price of crude oil, which is used to make petrol and diesel, has gone up. Soaring fuel prices have been driven by the war in Ukraine and moves to reduce Europe's dependence on Russian oil. With food and energy bills also surging, many households are under pressure. READ MORE: London emergency: Stratford station evacuated  The average price of petrol rose to 180.73p per litre on Tuesday, the RAC said. Meanwhile, the average price of diesel rose by almost 1.5p to another record high of 186.57p per litre, making the cost of filling a 55-litre family car £102.61. In March, the Government announced a 5p per litre cut to fuel duty to help reduce costs for motorists. However, motoring groups have raised concerns retailers are not passing on the cut to customers. DON'T MISS:Zelensky gives 'friend' Ben Wallace ‘go f*** yourself’ stampLilibet’s stunning first birthday cake created as tribute GB news: Boris Johnson ‘undermined’ Brexit and must step down as PM Fuel prices fell at the beginning of the Covid pandemic as many businesses temporarily closed and demand for energy collapsed. But as global economies recovered, prices rose again and have surged further after Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Changes in prices at the pump are mainly determined by crude oil prices and the dollar exchange rate, because crude oil is traded in dollars. Russia is one of the world's major oil exporters and it is being targeted by economic and trading sanctions, which has led to potential supply concerns, pushing up oil prices. EU leaders have said they will block most Russian oil imports by the end of 2022 to punish Moscow, which has also had an effect on prices. 