With lettuce as cheap as 39p in the UK, EU citizens are splashing out an extra 86p on the staple item. Twitter user Robert Kimbell compared the costs, writing: “One Iceberg lettuce at any branch of the supermarket chain Welbee's in EU member state Malta costs €1.45 (£1.25)!  “How much does one Iceberg lettuce cost here? At Aldi in the UK £0.39. At Tesco in the UK £0.53. At Sainsbury's in the UK £0.53. At Waitrose in the UK £0.70.” It comes as inflation, combined with Russia’s invasion of Ukraine on February 24, has caused a worldwide spike in food prices. In Queensland, Australia, one shop spotted iceberg lettuce selling at a supermarket for $11.99. The shocking photo went viral as the realisation of cost-of-living pressures set in.   The latest consumer price index figures show a 12.7 percent year on year increase in the cost of vegetables in Australia. Michael Harvey, a senior analyst at Rabobank, said Australians had seen the highest price growth in 10 years. He put it down to the influence of recent significant "global events", such as the Covid pandemic and war in Ukraine. At the beginning of June, it was reported that Australia branches of KFC had been forced to swap out lettuce for cabbage after a shortage of the items left them with no choice but to find an alternative.  READ MORE: Nicola Sturgeon erupts on BBC Breakfast on Scottish independence But it is not just KFC that is suffering from shortages, with McDonald’s also suffering a shortage of fries in some of its Asian outlets due to the global supply crisis caused by the war in Ukraine and pandemic. UK inflation hit 9.1 percent this month as prices rise at the fastest rate in 40 years. But it is not just the UK suffering, with the EU heavily reliant on Russian fuel which accounts for 27 percent of its imported oil. Estonia is the worst-hit EU country by inflation. It has reached a staggering 20 percent as it gets to grips with rising energy, food and rental prices.  DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: Sadiq Khan's plot EXPOSED as he admits plan to rejoin EU [LIVE]Plan to tackle illegal immigration 'WILL fail because of May' [INSIGHT]Prof Brian Cox blasts Labour over UK's low growth [COMMENT] Other Baltic countries such as Lithuania and Latvia are not far behind, with inflation rates hitting 18.9 percent and 16.9 percent respectively. Turkey’s inflation is the worst in Europe right now and hit a 23-year high of 73.5 percent this month. Food prices in Turkey are increasing rapidly and President Erdogan’s strategy to keep it under control is not working. 