It is important to note that the upper shelves of the fridge have the most consistent temperatures while the lower shelves are the coldest. Foods such as olives or cooked meats should be placed on the top shelf. Berries should also be placed on the top shelf as they will last longer there. The lower drawers are too moist and cold causing damage to delicate berries and making them rot faster. Herbs, which also go off quick, should also be placed on the top shelf of the fridge after being washed. The top shelf of the fridge is also ideal for snacks and leftovers. READ MORE: Biggest WhatsApp update in years is now available on your phone Eggs, butter and milk should never be stored in the door of the fridge as they have to be kept at consistent cool temperatures. Most importantly, people should avoid placing the butter in the butter compartment on the door of their fridge. This is because the door is the warmest part of the fridge as opening and closing the door causes the average temperature to rise. Instead, milk and butter should be stored at the back of the bottom or middle shelf where the fridge is coldest.  For room temperature butter, organization expert Melissa Coghlan recommended slicing a portion off and store in a butter dish. She said: "If you insist on having room temperature butter in your home, slice a portion off first and store in a butter dish or butter crock in the cupboard least susceptible to heat and fill up as needed." Chris Beasley, from the home insurance company Smart Cover, explained: “Most people will find the coldest area is in the back of the fridge because when you open the door the warmer air hits the front first. “Door compartments are actually warmer than the rest of the fridge. If you find your milk isn’t lasting very long, try storing it in the main storage area instead. “Condiments and sauces tend to have a longer shelf life and don’t need to be stored at a specific temperature in the fridge, so they will usually last okay in the door or on the top shelf. “The same goes for bottled drinks. It makes them easier to store and more convenient to reach if they are in the door, too.” Therefore, the fridge door is the best place for mayo, ketchup, juices, fizzy drinks, opened jams, and other condiments. It is also important to only store your raw meat and fish on the bottom shelf as it’s the coldest part of the fridge. Chris advised: "Meat and fish produce needs to be kept cold so you want it to be stored in the chilliest section of your fridge. You can use a thermometer to check this." Finally, the drawers at the bottom of your fridge are the best place to keep your fruits, vegetables and herbs. “Fruit and veg should be stored in their dedicated compartments because this part of the fridge isn’t as dry as the rest, meaning it should keep everything fresher for longer, he explained. Chris said "having a system" when it comes to unloading your shopping is "very important" and a "really effective" way to save money. Less food waste "is better for your pocket," he concluded.