Faith (played by Sally Dexter) and her children, Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) and Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter), will take centre stage in an emotional episode of Emmerdale, it has been confirmed. The ITV soap will explore the trio's relationship in a heart-wrenching instalment next week as the matriarch's cancer diagnosis continues to send ripples throughout the village. Viewers know the weeknight serial drama has explored these three characters' past before as part of a flashback episode but yet more will be unravelled in the coming days as it seems a new perspective will be given on Faith's relationship with her son, in particular. The dramatic instalment will take place over the course of an evening as Cain and Chas talk about their childhood, which saw Faith largely absent from the picture. It has been explained in the past the matriarch had to leave the family home as she could no longer put up with the alcoholic husband of hers, Shadrach Dingle (Andy Devine). With the latter having passed away a few years ago, Chas is struggling to accept her mother's prognosis especially as she will have lost both her parents. Both Dingle siblings don't know what the future will hold for them as Faith is also told in the episode her chemotherapy is no longer working and she doesn't have as long left as she thought. This will set in place a heartbreaking chain of events as Cain wonders whether he should bury the hatchet with his mother for good. READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen As the siblings talk about their childhood, Faith will also be seen talking with her friends Eric Pollard (Chris Chittell) and Brenda Walker (Lesley Dunlop) about the latest news she has received. They will be devastated to hear the end is neigh but it could be during these scenes Faith reveals something about the family she has never told anyone else. It could be a secret Shadrach held dear and she told him she would take it to the grave with her so no one would ever know. However, it could be he wasn't a part of the Dingle family at all and had become a part of the iconic clan by accident. In a tragic sequence of events, he could have been homeless when he was younger and taken the identity of another youngster who died on the streets. With the real Shadrach having been missing for years, he could have handed himself in to the police so he could have a roof under his head. As Shadrach would have grown up on the streets, his family would have not known the difference if he didn't look like the boy who left them. They would have just been happy to see him and so the stranger would have been welcomed into the family, no questions asked. This would mean Chas isn't actually a Dingle, despite being at the heart of some of the family's biggest dramas in recent years. Faith would make Eric and Brenda promise not to tell her daughter the truth as it would destroy her entire world as being a Dingle is part of her identity. DON'T MISS...Lisa Riley weight loss: Soap star dropped 12st while enjoying treats [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb details health woes during heatwave [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Kelvin Fletcher sparks Tom Selleck comparisons with tash [PICTURES] Cain would still be a Dingle as his birth father is Zak Dingle (Steve Haliwell), who also wouldn't have realised Shadrach wasn't his real brother. Once Faith has gone, Eric and Brenda could have a huge dilemma on their hands over whether Chas and Cain should know the truth. Their past would change dramatically as they would understand why Shadrach didn't seem to love them as a father should love their children. But how will the Dingle siblings react if they realise their whole childhood was a lie and how will Chas feel knowing she isn't a real Dingle? With Faith dead, she would never get the answers she would be looking for. The actress who plays Chas, Lucy, has spoken out about the emotional instalment, which will be unmissable for fans of the iconic family. Lucy explained: "Chas is desperate for her brother to reconnect with their mother before it's too late and these scenes really explore the reasons behind their complicated relationship. "Chas and Cain have a real heart-to-heart and I loved having the opportunity to explore their past once again. "The scenes were emotional to film and I’m really looking forward to seeing how they come together as part of a really moving episode.” Adding to this, the actor who plays Cain, Jeff, also teased what was to come from the dramatic episode airing next week. The actor said: "Filming these scenes was a genuine and emotional experience. "These episodes are beautifully written and great to act and I am pleased to have been given the opportunity for people to see another side of Cain.” Will Cain be able to realise his feelings about his mother need to be left in the past so he can develop a relationship with her before she dies? Or will pride continue to stand in his way as he lets Chas grieve for their mother on her own with little support from him? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.