Amanda Owen appears on the Channel 5 favourite, Our Yorkshire Farm with her children. The renowned farmer has been keeping fans up to date with her working life on Ravenseat Farm. Before becoming a shepherdess, she tried her hand at modelling but explained why she gave up the job. Amanda Owen is known and loved for giving viewers insight into her work and personal life at Ravenseat. She and her children work tirelessly to run the farm and regularly welcome guests on site. Amanda has written a number of books about her life in the countryside and how she would not change a thing. The star has a huge social media following, with fans often commenting on her stunning looks. She swapped the catwalks for cleaning up animal mess and does not regret a thing. READ MORE: Who narrates Our Yorkshire Farm? The 6ft 2 presenter wanted to follow her mother's career as a model. However, when she discovered the job was not as glamorous as she thought, she changed her mind. The 47-year-old said: "When you think you're going to be a model in like Vogue, Cosmopolitan, but actually then you end up doing knitting catalogues. "It was cardigans, floral, Prince Diana 1980. No thank you." Her sudden change in career may seem unusual to some fans as she has no family background in agriculture. However, she fell in love with farming after reading a book about shepherding. Unlike the modelling industry, she said: "It wasn't glossing over the hard side, it was very real and very gritty and atmospheric. "But it was just the thought of working outdoors and actually doing something, having a physical job where you were out there feeling the elements — windburn, sunburn, rained on, all the rest of it — sounded like a good idea back then." DON'T MISS... Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen issues update after lambing struggles [INSIGHT] What happened to Amanda Owen's new home project on Our Yorkshire Farm? [EXPLAINER] When is Our Yorkshire Farm on TV? [INSIGHT] With her heart set on working in the great outdoors, she turned her back on modelling. This was the best decision she could have made as it is how she met her husband, Clive. In 1995, she went to borrow a male sheep from his farm and he was immediately attracted to her. Clive said he was taken aback by the tall and beautiful woman he saw in front of him. The couple went on to have nine children together and they have all helped out on the farm. Fans of Our Yorkshire Farm are wondering when the series will be returning to screens. The series has not been given a release date yet but the Owen family is still working closely with Channel 5. Amanda is also known for her appearances on The Dales and Live: Winter on the Farm. She is also a regular guest on radio shows like Radio 4's The Poet Laureate Has Gone To His Shed with Simon Armitage.  Our Yorkshire Farm is available to watch on My5.