The Duke and Duchess of Sussex headed to The Netherlands in April to attend the Invictus Games, which took place at The Hague. While in the country, Meghan also headed to Amsterdam for a visit to Project Fearless. The organisation is a Dutch non-profit organisation supporting girls and non-binary children "get to the top of any ladder they wish to climb", as stated on its website. In April, it hosted the Duchess during one of its entrepreneurship courses. During her visit, Meghan took part in the session as a guest coach to give "inspiring and encouraging" feedback after hearing sustainable business pitches by the youngsters supported by the non-profit. News of Meghan's visit to Amsterdam was shared by royal author and correspondent Omid Scobie via Twitter. He wrote: "Today, Project Fearless — a Dutch non-profit serving girls and non-binary kids in Amsterdam— is celebrating three years by looking back at their major milestones, from launching a major documentary to a visit from Duchess Meghan. "While in the Netherlands, the Duchess of Sussex joined BuildMakeBe's entrepreneurship course in April as a guest coach to give 'inspiring and encouraging' feedback on the young people's sustainable business pitches." Mr Scobie's tweets also included pictures taken during the event, showing Meghan speaking and listening to the young people in attendance. In one adorable black-and-white snap, Meghan hugs a young girl. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'sidelines' by 'callous' Firm In another, she sits on the floor with her legs crossed to listen to the meeting's participants. The Duchess can also be seen in coloured pictures writing on a whiteboard and listening to the pitches while sitting at a wooden table. Fans of the Sussexes praised Meghan for her involvement with this organisation. Twitter user SussexvC responded to Mr Scobie's tweet saying: "Oh wow! I am so pleased to see Meghan back at work doing what she does so exceptionally.  "I am also very interested in hearing/reading the sustainable business pitches the young people gave." Another, DeelightRI, wrote: "Princess Meghan is so remarkable, she works to touch and improve lives wherever she goes. She is a true blessing." Similarly, annettekavoki, said: "Meghan helping women and young people. Love this." And King1Kita added: "Look at her giving her undivided attention when in discourse with others. People appreciate that so much." Meghan has focused much of her charitable work on empowering girls. Prior to meeting Prince Harry, Meghan used her platform to put the spotlight on gender inequality, period poverty and other issues close to her heart. She was an advocate for the United Nations and worked as a global ambassador for World Vision as well as a counsellor at One Young World. After joining the Royal Family, Meghan became patron of Smart Works, a charity providing material help and mentorship to women who want to re-enter the job market. Her work continued in this area even after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped down as working royals. Among other initiatives by Meghan, on her 40th birthday in 2021 she launched the 40x40 initiative, through which she invited 40 of her friends to dedicate 40 minutes of their time to mentor a woman trying to join again the workforce. On Women's History Month this year, Meghan and Harry's non-profit Archewell Foundation announced "a number of non-profit investments in leading organisations working to advance gender equity, build policies that empower women and families, ensure meaningful media representation for women, and provide women with a network of tools and support for gaining employment."