Meghan Markle and Prince Harry made their first official appearance in the UK today in over two years. The couple attended a Service of Thanksgiving today at St Paul’s Cathedral. They were seen walking in shortly behind Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie.  What was their body language like? Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to offer her analysis of the couple’s top moments. She said: “Harry’s smiles and ‘fun’ rituals were rather sudden gestures in a sea of what otherwise looked like a state of subdued anxiety.  “He appeared to draw strength and support from Meghan, who was pitch-perfect in terms of her warm, calm smile and her ability to tone down the body language rituals to present a lower-key profile. “Harry’s hand to his waist was a barrier gesture on arrival and for most of the moments, we saw him on camera his facial expression was unsmiling, with his head slightly bowed. “His moment of body language synchronicity came when the Queen’s love of horse racing was mentioned from the pulpit and all the royals seemed to laugh and nod in agreement.”  How did Kate Middleton’s body language compare with that of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex? Judi explained: “Kate looked like the real unofficial stand-in for the Queen and the crowds seemed to acknowledge that with their cheers. “She appeared to be quietly wary, using eye-dart rituals as she walked to their seats and throwing William a strong, meaningful-looking stare at one point. “But she led a lot of the time and her upright, elegant pose during the service did suggest she was in the role of ‘regal rock’ in the Firm.  “With Harry and William’s subtle but ongoing signals of anxiety, it was Kate chatting, smiling but also apparently monitoring as the service went on that probably helped set the overall tone for the royal ‘reunion’.” Kate dazzled today in a primrose yellow Emilia Wickstead dress. The Duchess of Cambridge wore this with a Philip Treacy yellow hat. This was complemented by Meghan’s white Dior coat, which she paired with a hat and shoes from the same brand.  The Sussexes walked into the ceremony with minor royals such as Zara Tindall and Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie. Kate and William, on the other hand, walked in with Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. The Prince of Wales stood in as the Queen’s representative today as she pulled out of the ceremony last night. This was because she experienced some “discomfort” after Trooping the Colour according to a Buckingham Palace statement. 