Mrs Hinch rose to fame on social media several years ago when she started sharing unusual cleaning tips and tricks. Now thousands of her fans share their own cleaning advice online, including how to clean shower screens. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Jane Gray wrote: “Can anyone help? I can NEVER get the watermarks off my shower screen. “What does anyone suggest using?” Watermarks are caused when hard water dries and leaves deposits on surfaces. They can appear on surfaces like glass and porcelain and can lead to limescale. READ MORE: Easy ways to banish ‘pesky’ garden bugs - from garlic to coffee While they can be hard to get rid of for good, there are different products to help shift them. Taking to the comments, Natalie Harvey wrote: “Use Viakal spray on a cloth and leave for 10 minutes. “Scrub with a sponge and then rinse it off before wiping it down.” Claire Mullucks said: “Use Viakal spray and leave for 10 minutes, only way.” DON'T MISS:Lynsey Crombie shares the surfaces to ‘never use’ citric acid on [COMMENT]Common garden lighting mistakes to avoid - what to go for instead [INSIGHT]Easy ways to banish ‘pesky’ garden bugs - from garlic to coffee [EXPLAINER] Nadine Gray commented: “Viakal!” Antionette Baxter wrote: “Viakal all the way, it is game-changing and can be used all over the bathroom. “Get the better smelling one too, not as strong.” It is safe to use on multiple surfaces including shower walls, taps, glass, doors, washbasins, bathtubs chrome, stainless steel and ceramic sinks. Viakal can be picked up in supermarkets for as little as 99p. Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended using washing up liquid. Ann Wilde said: “Neat washing up liquid on a cloth. The product claims to remove even the “toughest limescale” and cleans soap scum and watermarks in the bathroom and kitchen. It is safe to use on multiple surfaces including shower walls, taps, glass, doors, washbasins, bathtubs chrome, stainless steel and ceramic sinks. Viakal can be picked up in supermarkets for as little as 99p. Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended using washing up liquid. Ann Wilde said: “Neat washing up liquid on a cloth. “Smear it all over and rinse, easy and inexpensive.” Ellen Taylor agreed and wrote: “A bit of washing up liquid in a spray bottle with water and then off it off with a squeegee.” Washing up liquid can help to remove watermarks as well as target soap scum. What’s more, it can also help to lift stains from carpets and clothing.