France is due to hold parliamentary elections on June 12 and 19 and the incumbent President may be losing support after decisively winning the presidential election in April. These upcoming elections for the National Assembly are made up of 577 different local races, with a threshold of 289 needed in order to win.  An Ifop poll has projected President Macron winning 250-290 seats, putting him dangerously close to losing a majority share. His predicted number of seats has also fallen since May, when Ifop forecast his allies winning 275-310 seats. While another poll carried out by POLITICO saw him fare slightly better with 275-318 seats, this is still down from what he was polling earlier in the year. If the President’s party remains the biggest in Parliament but with less than 289 seats it could lead to a “gridlock” of the National Assembly.  On Wednesday the minister delegate for relations with Parliament Olivier Véran pleaded with French voters not to “not add an institutional crisis by having a country which would not be governable anymore”. However, Mr Veran said he remained “confident” about the election, reported POLITICO. President Macron is facing a serious challenge from an alliance of left-wing parties led by Jean-Luc Mélenchon, who also ran in the presidential election.  READ MORE: Why do Scholz and Macron continue to talk to Putin on the phone? The New Popular, Environmental and Social Union could get 190- 235 seats according to Ifop, while POLITICO’s Poll of Polls has them at 158-196 seats. Mr Mélenchon has reportedly asked the French people to “elect him Prime Minister”, however, this seems an unlikely outcome. France’s overseas constituencies have already cast their votes for the National Assembly, a total of 11 out of the 577 areas. DON'T MISS:Bossy Princess Charlotte gave dressing down to cheeky Louis [ROYALS]Vladimir Putin postpones annual TV show for FIRST TIME in decade [LATEST]UK weather: Worry for Hay fever sufferers [UPDATES]  The incumbent President came out as victor in those constituencies, as he did in April when they re-elected him for the top job. President Macron has faced criticism across Europe recently due to his ongoing relationship with Vladimir Putin. Although France has supported sanctions against Russia as a member of the European Union, he has had several phone calls with the Russian leader and has asked for Putin not to be “humiliated” over his “historic mistake” to invade Ukraine. 