Oliver Morley is a property developer by trade, but when war broke out in Ukraine he knew he needed to step up and help. The 50-year-old father went down to his local donation centre and asked how he could get involved, and when they pointed out a heap of retired army kits from British Army personnel he knew what he had to do: “It was quite valuable stuff you know, and I didn’t want it mixing with everything else, so I said ‘great, I’ll do that, where do you want it taking and to who?’.” Setting off with two mates from their hometown of Manchester, the trio drove through night and finally reached their destination in the early hours of the morning - where they were shocked to find just how desperate they were for the supplies. Oliver said: “The Ukrainian army has everything it needs but the territorial defence, you know, the dentist or the hairdresser or the doctor who signed up to join the war effort, most were just handed an AK47 and they’re stood there in their jeans and trainers and nothing else.” Realising how desperate this sort of help was needed, Oliver knew he needed to take action. And after a chance meeting with Andrew Cox “at a random service station in the middle of Poland doing the same thing”, Never Surrender UA was born. Now with members across Britain, from a team of women in Wales to a group of Ukrainians in London, the group has evolved to bring together both Brits and non-Brits in a bid to deliver much-needed non-lethal military equipment to the Ukrainian forces. Some 600 bulletproof vests, 1,000 ballistic helmets, 500 medical kits, more than 30 vehicles and 12 drones have already been driven by the group’s amazing volunteers across the borders, often in perilous conditions to help the many volunteers who are heroically resisting Russian aggression. It’s no mean feat, Oliver explains. “It’s been an incredible journey, we’ve learned a lot since our first trip but there’s always achallenge every step of the way. “There’s no fuel meaning it’s a huge challenge when you cross the border to even get to your destination. There a queues a kilometre long at petrol stations, so it's a monumental challenge to even get through the country “We’ve spent hours and hours and hours at the border, trying to get through. And then the second you cross the border, it’s just worlds apart… “The main roads there are what we’d call a B-road, then there are the army blocks, there are curfews. It gets pretty spooky to be honest with you, there are no road lights, the cities are locked down... It's like the blitz, everything is pitch black. “It definitely wakes you up to what’s going on, experiencing that… When you turn up to a few shambles of buildings on a scruffy industrial estate, just two or three Brits thinking ‘what the hell am I doing here.’” It’s a feat of enormous bravery, potentially putting yourself in harm’s way. But to Oliver, he says you’ve just “got to pull your socks up and crack on” and pull on that British spirit. He said: “We’re just normal guys, I've got a business to run, I've got a life, but I know how much it means to them. I’ve seen it in their eyes, it.s what they need. Hardened guys, in all the military uniform, and they just melt when they see what we’ve brought. “They don't feel alone, it’s a comfort knowing someone can be bothered to come all the way from England to try and do what we can.” Asked why he felt so strongly about getting involved, he said: “I think it’s in our genes, isn’t it, we’re British! I think this is our generation’s Dunkirk moment - this began as a Dunkirk-type operation and was about ordinary people who wanted to respond to the desperate situation in Ukraine in a direct and personal way. “We don't like a bully, we don't like an unjust situation, so we run towards to try to help, it's the British spirit, the British way! You know, just like we saw on the jubilee, the country coming together. “The Government has done so much to help but so have the British people, we’re here and we want to help and deliver this equipment to where it’s most needed.” To continue their incredible work, Never Surrender UA is now launching a major online fundraising campaign targeting individual and business donors - both in the UK and Ukraine. They have partnered with Pilgrim Bandits – an established British charity helping ex-military personnel - to be able to accept donations in the UK. More than £1million worth of equipment has already been collated and delivered, half raised by generous donors in the UK and half from Ukrainians in Ukraine who are desperate for someone to bring them the vital goods they need. But more is still required, and the group have many more excursions to make if they’re able to continue their help. As Oliver’s co-founder Andrew explained: “Our focus is on providing Ukrainian fighters, very many of whom are volunteers without previous training, with the protection they desperately need to effectively resist this brutal and unjustified Russian aggression. “Many fighters were serving in combat without any protective equipment, without even boots and helmets. Their survival is vital, not only to the fate of this conflict but also to the future livelihood and welfare of their families. We’re helping Ukraine fight for its survival but also to safeguard the future of families who have already endured enormous suffering and loss.” To donate, visit the Never Surrender UA JustGiving page or email them to discuss how your local community can help the Ukrainian cause. Alternatively, if your loved ones are part of the Ukrainian Military and you would like to help a specific battalion, the group is "happy to help with targeting your donations to specific squads at no cost" so get in touch with them.