The ever-expanding Marvel universe is ready to get that little bit bigger with yet another hero in the making. This time around, it is teenager Kamala Khan (played by Iman Vellani) who is amazed when she gets powers like some of her favourite comic book characters. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about watching Ms Marvel. Ms Marvel season one will be premiering on Wednesday, June 8, on Disney+. The superhero drama is going to consist of six episodes in total with a new instalment coming out every Wednesday. This means the grand finale will be released on Wednesday, July 13 on the streaming service. In terms of exactly when Ms Marvel comes out does depend on your geographical location. READ MORE: Simon Cowell slammed by BGT fans over wildcard announcement 'A joke!' Due to various time zones, the show will be released at the exact same moment around the world but the actual time is going to be different. So Ms Marvel will premiere at 12am PST (Pacific Standard Time), 3am EST (Eastern Standard Time) and 8am BST (British Summer Time). The majority of Europe also runs around one hour behind the UK. So these Marvel fans can expect the new series to debut from 9am. Leading the cast as Ms Marvel herself is actress Iman Vellani who will be Marvel's first-ever Muslim superhero. Ms Marvel, whose real name is Kamala Khan, is a superfan of the Avengers so when she comes across a magical bangle that gives her the ability to harness cosmic energy, everything quickly begins to change for the youngster. Pakistani-Canadian actress Vellani, 19, much like her character, has grown up with reading comics and watching the MCU franchise. Ms Marvel will be Vellani's first role and is going to also be starring in The Marvels which is slated for 2023. DON'T MISS...Virgin River season 4 theory: Jack's shooter to be exposed as Stacie [THEORY]Ms Marvel episode 1 cast: Who stars in the Disney Plus series? [CAST]Disney Wordle is a MUST for Star Wars, Marvel and Pixar fans [EXPLAINER] Vellani will be joined by The Walking Dead actor Matt Lintz who plays Kamala's best friend Bruno Carrelli. Portraying the knife-wielding vigilante Red Dagger is actor Aramis Knight who has been in Ender's Game, Rendition and series Badlands. Playing Kamala's older brother Aamir is actor Saagar Shaikh who has featured in series such as Average Joe, Unfair and Ugly and Just Giggle It. Meanwhile, actor Rish Shah, who is Kamran, Kamala's crush, has been in Emmerdale, Years and Years and To All the Boys: Always and Forever. In order to watch the superhero series, you must be a Disney+ subscriber. The streaming service is priced at £7.99 per month or £79.90 if you opt in for an annual subscription instead. First-time subscribers are treated to a seven-day free trial but following this, payment will begin automatically. Ms Marvel premieres on Wednesday, June 8, on Disney+.