ITV has commissioned the documentary with exclusive access to the Duchess of Cornwall in her role as guest editor of Country Life magazine. The 60-minute programme will reveal her love for the British countryside and the places which have shaped her. The documentary has been described as a "unique opportunity to gain an insight" into the future Queen Consort's life.  The documentary, called Camilla’s Country Life, accompanies the Duchess as she plans and oversees a special edition of Country Life during the magazine’s 125th anniversary year, alongside performing her regular royal duties. Jo Clinton-Davis, ITV's controller of factual shows, said: "This film presents a unique opportunity to gain an insight into The Duchess of Cornwall, at close quarters, immersed within her personal passions and engaged with some of those closest to her." To put the milestone edition of Country Life together, Her Royal Highness invited guest writers to learn about her passions. She also encouraged them to meet the people who run the charities and discover more about the causes she cares about so deeply. READ MORE: GMB viewers demand Richard Madeley be removed over Rwanda question Daniela Neumann, managing director of Spun Gold TV, said: “Camilla’s Country Life will provide a unique portrait of our future Queen Consort, by exploring the personal passions which have meant so much to her throughout her life as she puts together the magazine, while also fulfilling her royal engagements. "We’re delighted to be working with ITV, with Country Life and with [director] Michael Waldman, who has such a great ability to draw new and engaging insights from his subjects.” It has been directed by Michael Waldman, the producer is Ross Curran and the executive producer was Nick Bullen. ITV News' royal editor Chris Ship shared the news with his Twitter followers on Friday.  The announcement divided social media users who were quick to comment on the news of the documentary about the Duchess. Luna said: "And a Vogue cover in July. So exciting to see this for her to mark her 75thbirthday. #DuchessofCornwall." (sic) @Canuckabroad added: "Great news! I very much look forward to this. I really enjoyed listening to her on the Commonwealth poetry podcasts." Sara Kalmar commented: "Look forward to seeing this doc celebrating the D of C!" (sic) DON'T MISS...Queen’s ‘masterstroke’ response to Camilla issue after ‘problems’ [LATEST]Behind Camilla's choice to wear SAME revenge dress as Princess Diana [INSIGHT]Camilla dazzles in white with pearl accessories for Royal Ascot [IN PICTURES] However, other people were less impressed to hear about the documentary. Tasha fumed: "Royals are so Hollywood. Magazine covers and tv crews following you around. The hypocrisy of it all." (sic) Ty Grezzo added: "Thanks for the heads up, just need to know a date and time so I can give it a miss." Camilla's 75th birthday falls on July 17 and the Duchess has been busy attending events ahead of the milestone celebration.  She has joined Prince Charles at the Ascot racecourse in the first of the three royal carriages. The Duchess was also involved in the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations in central London. She was also in attendance at the Order of the Garter Day procession at Windsor Castle. A date for the release of Camilla's Country Life has not been announced yet. 