HMP The Mount, which is a Category C men's prison in Hertfordshire, will no longer accept handwritten letters on health and safety grounds. It's been slammed for the "discriminatory way" of excluding people who don't use the internet or don't have smart devices. Online sites, like Moonpig and Funky Pigeon, allow users to create cards and send them electronically to recipients. The sender can include their own photographs and write personalised messages. But, as My London reports, HMP The Mount has received a backlash for its change. One social media user wrote: "Whilst I agree that you need to protect the officers and prisoners... This is an expensive and discriminatory way of doing it. Some people don't have smart phones, or the money to spend on cards which are impersonal. Surely the duty is on you to deal with the perpetrators?" Another added: "So no drawings from children? No handwritten cards? Suppose people can’t afford Moonpig? Or can’t manage the App?" A third angry response said: "You can drug test mail, there’s no reason to cruelly limit the expression of prisoners, their friends and family." A third stated: "So families are forced to pay for expensive cards from specific companies on top of all the other expense that prison brings just to keep the family ties contact? Doesn’t seem like family ties are important at all? Just more barriers..." The jail, home to more than 1,000 inmates, says it is "committed towards providing a safe and secure environment" for both staff and the lags. It tweeted yesterday: "IMPORTANT NOTICE: Incoming Prisoner Mail. From Monday 20th June, The Mount will only accept cards from Funky Pigeon & Moon Pig, and photographs from Freeprints. Any sent directly from family/friends will be put in stored property." And, in a separate communication, Governor of the prison Paul Cressey wrote: "HMP The Mount is committed towards providing a safe and secure environment for both the men in our care and the staff that work within. We have become increasingly concerned with the threat presented by psychoactive substances. "Such substances represent a significant health, safety and stability risk to both the working and living environment. We have after much deliberation concluded that as of Monday, June 20 2022, cards and photographs will only be accepted from trusted sources. "This will allow you to maintain positive contact with your family, share important events while keeping us all safe. Thank you."  