The ex-England striker used the hot weather the UK has been facing this week to highlight the damaging effects of climate change. However, he has been criticised for continuing to travel around the world while doing so. Yesterday, the Match of the Day pundit described the issue of climate change as “like a cancer patient who knows there’s a tumour, but prefers to ignore it and hopes it goes away, even though it gets larger every day”. Mr Lineker attracted criticism for his statement when he is expected to attend the upcoming World Cup in Qatar this November, despite Qatar having the most carbon emissions per person of any country on the globe, according to World Bank data. The presenter likened the trip to journalists travelling out to report on the war in Ukraine who do not support it or the Russian regime. After stating that he was “done with the wearisome, misinformed climate change deniers”, Mr Lineker vowed to block those responding to him on Twitter. READ MORE: Gary Linker mocked for comparing himself to Ukraine war journalist He also stated he now “refuses” to take private jets, and drives an electric Mini – after being pictured driving a 5L Mercedes. The Euro 96 player was also lauded by David Wheeler, a Wycombe Wanderers player, for “using his platform for good”. The League One midfielder admitted it was “virtually impossible” for anyone to avoid “hypocrisy” when it came to fighting climate change. He added: “We don't need a hundred perfect people; we need millions of imperfect people trying to do their bit”. However, Mr Lineker’s imperfect pleas were not enough for Curtis Woodhouse, a former professional footballer-turned-boxer. On Thursday evening, he wrote: “Gary Lineker flying all over the world watching football, preaching about climate change. “They have some brass neck on them don’t they!” Earth’s climate has changed through regular cycles throughout its recorded history, leading to natural warming periods and ice ages. DON'T MISSUkraine LIVE: Do it! Lavrov goads UK to 'force Russia to knees' [LIVE BLOG]Charles and William snub Harry and Meghan over royal duties [VIDEO]BBC Weather: Health warnings issued as scorching UK heatwave hits peak [FORECAST] However, since the 1950s, CO2 emissions linked to a globalised economy and a rapid expansion of industry have risen far beyond the peaks of those normal cycles. Those emissions then act like a window: letting the heat from the sun in, but then trapping it in the Earth’s atmosphere – why they are called ‘greenhouse gases’. Rising temperatures not only have an impact on the wildlife that is able to grow, but the food we produce; the UK’s Environment agency projects that our farms have only 100 harvests left before the amount of organic material in the soil dips below what is needed to sustain life. Melting ice caps at the Earth’s poles have already seen sea levels rise by 20cm in the last century – 10cm of which has happened since 1993. Research suggests that football accounts for around 0.4 percent of global carbon emissions – similar to those emitted by Denmark, a country that has adopted renewable and energy efficiency measures in recent decades. A 2020 report projected that continued global warming would mean that a quarter of English football grounds would be at risk of flooding every season in the next thirty years. Currently, the Forest Green Rovers are the only football club in the world to have gone carbon-neutral, however other teams have also implemented eco-friendly policies in recent years.