Although many look forward to soaking up the sun, gardens can quickly become parched if gardeners don't take steps to protect their plants. Fortunately, gardening experts have shared their top tips on protecting plants, whether in borders or in containers, from hot sun and winds. They have also made some suggestions for future-proofing so that plants will need less protection in years to come. Watering plants during a heatwave is vital to their survival. However, it should be noted that there is a best and worst time to water the greenery in your garden. Experts at The Greenhouse People said: “When it’s hot, the best time of day to water plants is early morning or in the evening. “Plants in containers should be watered twice a day, as soil dries out much quicker in pots. “Bonus points if you re-use rainwater from a water butt.” READ MORE: ‘The best way’ to get your lawn to ‘thrive’ for summer - ‘important’ Rachel Crow, Homes & Garden's gardening expert, agreed with watering plants in the evening as the “ideal” option, but explained that they can be watered in the early morning too. She said: “Water container plants generously, ideally in the evening, once the sun has moved off the garden, which will allow plenty of time for the water to penetrate into the soil before temperatures rise again the next day. “Otherwise water them early in the morning. “Soak the soil thoroughly and try to avoid getting the foliage too wet. “Never water the plants in full sun as the water will just evaporate off and you'll waste water and your time.” DON'T MISS: ‘Inexpensive’ and ‘quick’ home improvements for little ‘time or skill’ [EXPERT]Cleaning: ‘Most important’ 29p step to ‘weaken’ dirt on electric hobs [TIPS]How to clean windows for ‘streak-free results using ‘free trick’ [COMMENT] Rachel pointed out that container plants will require watering “daily”, possibly even “twice daily” during a heatwave. But take the cue from the plant itself and see if it's wilting and looking thirsty. The expert added: “Just as you don't want it parched, you also don't want to go to the other extreme and overwater it.” Plants need to be watered generously, so that the water penetrates the roots. However, The Greenhouse People also urge some caution around overwatering plants, “which can cause them to leach nutrients and cut off the supply of oxygen to the roots.” They continued: “Instead, pick up the watering can and provide focussed watering at the base of the plant, so roots can benefit as quickly as possible.” The advantage of a watering can is that it won't disturb soil like a strong stream from a hosepipe will. Ensure, whatever you use during watering, that the water doesn't hit or sit on the plants leaves as it can cause leaf burn. Aside from watering, Rachel advises gardeners to move any container plant into the shade during extreme weather conditions. She said: “Container plants will be the first to dry out in a heatwave so you need to take extra care to ensure they do not perish in especially hot spells. “Move containers into a shady spot where they will be protected from the heat of the midday sun.” Just because there's a heatwave that doesn't mean gardeners don't want to improve their garden looks with new plants. However, putting them in at the right time of day is vital to them doing as well as possible. The gardening pros at The Greenhouse People suggested: “If you add new plants to your garden in the summer, plant on a cloudy day and water well if the weather is warm. “Increase the plant’s chances of surviving the heat by using half mulch half potting mix.” Those who are putting in new plants at this time need to ensure they are thinking of drought-tolerant plants. The experts explained: “You might want to consider drought-resistant plants alongside more heat-sensitive varieties to keep your garden looking healthy. “Herb garden ideas such as rosemary, marjoram and lavender love the heat and their flavour becomes more intense in the hot summer months.”