Jean (played by Gillian Wright) fell back into a severe bipolar episode months ago and refused to get help. Her daughter Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) became increasingly concerned for her mother as the EastEnders storyline saw the toll Jean's condition took on her family. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, consultant psychologist Dr Elena Touroni talked about the illness and the impact it can have, suggesting Jean may decide to make a fresh start once she leaves hospital to distance herself from the trauma she has been through. Dr Elena, psychologist and co-founder of The Chelsea Psychology Clinic, talked about typical hospital stays for bipolar patients. "The length of the stay can vary, it could be from days to weeks to months," she explained. "It depends on how quickly an episode subsides, their response to medication/therapy, and the assessment that they will be safe outside of hospital." She continued: "There are many people in mental health hospitals struggling with very severe difficulties and this can be scary for some people. READ MORE: Jane McDonald sparks frenzy with 'exciting' career announcement "There is still a lot of improvement that can be done in terms of the culture of hospitals, how they are managed and the staff employed." Jean had been in hospital earlier on when attempted to take her life in heartbreaking scenes. However, her stay at the hospital wasn't helping at first because she was placed next to a disruptive patient who tormented her. Stacey made the decision to bring her home and allow her to recover without professional help. It soon became clear though that Jean needed additional support, and when she was reported for injuring Stacey, she agreed to go back to hospital. As Stacey pleaded with Jean to change her mind, she insisted on admitting herself. "I've put you and Lily in hospital," Jean said tearfully. "That was an accident, mum," Stacey replied. Turning to the nurse, she said: "You're not going to take her away because of two tiny accidents, are you?" "You deserve a better me," Jean interrupted as Stacey began to cry. "I'm out there somewhere, it's just a matter of finding me," Jean continued. DON'T MISS... Kate Garraway shut down by Dominic Raab over wine probe [VIDEO]GMB row erupts as Adil Ray argues with guest over refugee treatment [LATEST]The Handmaid’s Tale boss admits it’s ‘draining’ working on series [INTERVIEW] Stacy begged her mother to stay as the ambulance arrived. "I don't want you visiting me, just concentrate on getting better," Jean urged her daughter. "Mum, please don't do this, please," Stacey cried. Jean replied: "I'm so sorry, Stacey, for the chaos and just everything." As she left, she called out: "I love you" to a sobbing Stacey.  Jean's relapse took place while she was engaged to Harvey Monroe (Ross Boatman) and the two were set to marry when her condition reached a crisis point and she fled to Southend in her wedding dress. Stacey tracked her down just as she was attempting to take her life and Jean may want to get away from her former life when she leaves hospital. After causing so much chaos for her family, she may feel the need to stay away but will the character make a permanent exit? EastEnders continues on Thursday at 7.30pm on BBC One.