Roxy is best known for playing troubled businesswoman Leyla Harding on Emmerdale, the birth mother of Jacob Gallagher (played by Joe-Warren Plant) and the wife of doctor Liam Cavanagh (Johnny McPherson). Following the events of the past year on the ITV soap, the beloved character has developed a problem with drugs as it seems she can't get through the day without scoring some cocaine. As life for the villager gets a lot more dramatic, the actress who plays her gets to enjoy a calmer lifestyle off-screen, which could explain why the soap star has such a youthful glow. It seems the actress is going to be celebrating a big, milestone birthday next year, just months after the show has marked its 50th anniversary. Roxy will be turning 40 next spring, having already celebrated her birthday this year as she was born on March 12, 1983, currently making her 39-years-old. Although her birthday is very close to her character's one, she is actually a year older than Leyla, who is 38-years-old. As the actress likes to keep her life off-screen fairly private, there is no indication of how she marked the occasion this year. Having joined the show in 2008, this would have made the actress just 26-years-old when she first featured on-screen as Leyla. READ MORE: Michael Le Vell age: How old is Coronation Street's Kevin Webster? However, this isn't the age she started her career in acting as the actress had multiple roles before landing her current job. It was in 2004, when she was 22-years-old, that she began getting into the world of acting as she was a part of the Contact Young Actors Company. From here, she went on to appear in several stage productions, including roles in East is East, Christie Malry's Own Double Entry and Rafta, Rafta. Despite being a part of the acting world for almost 20 years, the actress does manage to keep her youthful glow due to her activities away from the camera. As a side to playing Leyla, the soap star has also set up her own yoga club and shares her videos of yoga tutorials on YouTube. The relaxation techniques and breathing exercises have allowed the actress to maintain a much calmer and spiritual lifestyle. She also gets her cast members involved, having become a qualified yoga teacher in 2016 when she was just 32-years-old. Talking about her co-stars participating back in 2016, Roxy said: "We use the time we've got. I can get to the village set 45 minutes before I'm needed so I can throw down my mat and do a power workout before breakfast. "If there's no one around, I'll do it by myself. "But if there are people around who are interested in staying fit, then great because it means you have that little bit of momentum." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Rosie Bentham pleads for co-star’s return 'A lot of drama' [COMMENT]'Traumatising' Emmerdale's Mark Charnock humiliated on the train [COMMENT]Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley addresses behind the scenes ‘trouble’ [COMMENT] Having released a DVD at the time to teach people yoga at home, Roxy added: "I wanted to make something that was accessible for everyone. "With options for various levels of ability, but which was still physically challenging. A lot of women these days are super busy - we've got careers, families and so much to fit in. "So I'm a big believer in bite-size chunks and doing what you can," the actress said in an interview with Inside Soap. There are various other occasions in Roxy's life which relate to her age, including becoming a mother at the age of 34. She and her husband Arsher Ali welcomed their first child together in 2018, having married in 2010 when the actress was 28-years-old. Other big moments in her life include becoming a vegetarian when she was just eight years old and then becoming a vegan at the age of 21. As the actress gears up for her 40th birthday next spring, it seems her character is going to be taking centre stage for the next couple of months. Although newcomer Suzy Merton (Martelle Edinborough) is aware of Leyla's drug problem, her son and husband have no idea what is going on. It's not been revealed when the secret will come out but the businesswoman is struggling to hide her erratic behaviour. Roxy has spoken out about the storyline and has hinted this is going to be huge for her alter-ego heading into the latter end of the year. The soap star explained: "She’s wanting to escape her own life and I think she’s never going to find that in drugs; and I think it’s very temporary, that sense of escape. "Once she experiences it she keeps going back to it, looking for that escapism with more and more frequency. "She’s very much on a path to addiction," the actress continued and this means it will only be a matter of time before she trips up and exposes her secrets. However, it is yet to be seen whether her loved ones will stand by her side or whether they will turn their backs on her after all the lies and deceit. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.