Former professional tennis player Annabel Croft believes British No. 1 Emma Raducanu is struggling to ‘adjust to huge changes’ in her life since winning the US Open. Raducanu stunned the sporting world as she won the hard-court Grand Slam as an unranked outsider in just her second major tournament since turning professional. Last summer, Raducanu burst onto the scene when she reached the fourth round at Wimbledon. It was a fairytale run for Raducanu at her maiden Grand Slam, but her SW19 magic was certainly eclipsed by her run to the US Open title as she was the first British woman to claim a major win since Virginia Wade at Wimbledon in 1977. The 19-year-old became the first qualifier - male or female - to win a Grand Slam title and did so without dropping a set, a feat nobody has matched since Serena Williams in 2014. With over nine million people tuning into her 6-4 6-3 win over Leylah Fernandez, Raducanu surged to superstardom as she won Sports Personality of the Year. On GB News, Nigel Farage and Croft were discussing Raducanu’s meteoric rise to fame as she celebrates 12 months on the WTA Tour. The 55-year-old believes the US Open champion must be struggling to adapt to the pressures of being a champion and the expectation that comes with such a label. READ MORE: Emma Raducanu 'unlikely' to play Wimbledon as leading doctor speaks “I think she must be,” Croft said in response to Farage asking if Raducanu may be overwhelmed by the fact that she is ‘in demand’. “You have to look at it and say most players come on Tour and dream of winning a Grand Slam. “You build towards that over a period of time and you do your apprenticeship out there on this other tour, where she had come from. She came from the ITF circuit, the slightly lower circuit, and she’d hardly played any tournaments on the main Tour and it was like the parting of the waters, and she just steamrolled her way through qualifying and the main draw - 10 matches back-to-back, didn’t drop a set. “Now, she’s having to do everything back-to-front with a massive target on her back. Players are going to go after her; they’re all professional so they will try to hone in on any weaknesses and it must be hard as she is doing everything on centre court. DON'T MISSNadal delivers Federer injury return verdict after extending Slam leadRoger Federer sends Rafael Nadal message as friendship blossomsNadal optimistic for injury treatment that determines Wimbledon hopes “Every time she plays she’s on the big show courts, and she’s doing everything in the glare of full publicity. I think it’s hard for her at the moment. She has some injury issues thrown in the mix as well and it will be interesting to hear what she has to say about it, but I think she is having to adjust to huge changes in her life.” Raducanu, who lost in the second round of the French Open a fortnight ago, has faced a number of injury issues since she stunned the world and claimed the Flushing Meadows title. The 19-year-old was forced to retire from the Nottingham Rothesay Open on Tuesday after suffering a blow to her left side. The World No. 11 admitted she has ‘no idea’ whether she will be fit for Wimbledon as a result. Wimbledon, where she reached the fourth round last year, starts on 27 June.