Last weekend, according to data firm Experian, the average price of a litre of petrol at UK forecourts hit a new high of 191.1p, with diesel standing at 198.9p per litre. Many motorway service stations now charge over £2 per litre respectively. However ‘hypermiling’ experts believe it’s possible to save a third off the price of fuel by taking some measures to limit the amount used while driving. Hypermiler, a website dedicated to improving drivers’ fuel efficiency, says: “Every time you brake you effectively turn fuel into heat and brake dust.” Driving without tapping the brake regularly is all about reading the road ahead and working out when you may need to slow down, reported the Mirror. And when faced with a red light, start slowing down early so the car will come to a more gradual standstill. READ MORE: Motorists advised to use fuel-saving trick when at the petrol station It also states to let gravity take its course when heading down a hill and not pushing the accelerator pedal. According to the RAC, drivers should: “Try to anticipate what’s going to happen in front of you by looking well ahead. “This way you’ll see the traffic lights on red meaning you can ease back on the accelerator or slow down naturally and potentially keep moving as opposed to coming to a stop.” And Hypermiler has calculated that using the air con can decrease fuel consumption by up to 10 percent in some cases. The website recommends trying to park in the shade and using a windscreen deflector to keep the car cooler and ward off the need to whack on the air con. Failing that, driving under 40mph with the windows open only causes limited drag on the car and is a better use of energy than the air con. And if there is no escaping the need for it, the recommendation is to set the air con mode to recirculating so the car is chilling the air in the car rather than having to cool the warm air from outside. Hypermiler states that some drivers can see a 35-45 percent increase in miles per gallon by using a host of methods and due diligence before setting off. Those include using the car mainly for longer journeys when a vehicle can get up to optimum engine temperature and speed can save fuel money. Cars are typically most efficient at 45-50mph, according to the RAC. Keeping tyres to at least their recommended pressure, taking off unused roof racks and top boxes, and driving in thinner-soled shoes to feel the accelerator better are all tips for keeping more money in motorists’ pockets. Nearly half (48 percent) of UK adults say they are using less motor fuel than a year ago according to the latest research from car insurance giants Aviva. The same amount now use their vehicles for essential journeys only as record prices remain. Two in five drivers are walking rather than driving and one in six is using public transport instead of their car. And the prices are affecting driving styles, with nearly a quarter reducing their speed.