Since announcing he would be returning as Doctor Who's showrunner, Russell T Davies has been teasing fans with snaps of the stars on set. Last month, the BBC boss confirmed Ncuti Gatwa would be taking over from Jodie Whittaker as the Time Lord. However, ever since, Russell has also been dropping hints about the show's 60th-anniversary special, which will feature the How I Met Your Mother Star. It was also revealed that David Tennant and Catherine Tate would be reprising their roles and are filming scenes that are due to air in 2023 to coincide with the show's 60th-anniversary special. The writer has remained tight-lipped about who Neil will play, but he has confirmed his character will be the "greatest enemy the Doctor has ever faced". Speaking about the casting, Russell said: “It’s my huge honour to open our studio doors for the mighty Neil Patrick Harris… but who, why, what is he playing? "You’ll just have to wait. But I promise you, the stuff we’re shooting now is off the scale. Doctor beware!” READ MORE: Lisa Nandy dodges strike probe as Raworth grills MP over action He added about David and Catherine's return: “They're back! And it looks impossible - first, we announce a new Doctor, and then an old Doctor, along with the wonderful Donna, what on earth is happening? "Maybe this is a missing story. Or a parallel world. Or a dream, or a trick, or a flashback. "The only thing I can confirm is that it’s going to be spectacular, as two of our greatest stars reunite for the battle of a lifetime.” The announcement has sent fans into meltdown, with many trying to guess who Neil could be playing. Many seem to think they have rumbled the actor's identity from the photos Russell has shared so far. In the first snap on Instagram, Neil is wearing small round glasses, a burgundy checked shirt with a bow tie to match and a red apron. Many seem to think this indicates he could be a toymaker or The Master. Fans were quick to share their thoughts, with user @hoveri09 writing: "If I’m not mistaken, that’s the celestial toy-maker? Could be wrong tho." (sic) DON'T MISS...Kate Middleton’s touching nod in Cambridge's Father’s Day photo [VIDEO]Death in Paradise's Tobi Bakare pays tribute to BBC co-star  [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' baby Thomas DNA twist [REACTION] User @thedavidsnow joked: "How I Met the Celestial Toymaker?!?!" While @billspuddle theorised: "The Master?" "He looks like a fancy enemy. The Toymaker or something? The Dream Lord?" user @jelly_babies_are_cool added. "CELESTIAL TOYMAKER?" Chloe Waterston wrote as Savanna commented: HES PLAYING THE MASTER?!?!!" (sic) As Liam McCabe quizzed: "Could this be the celestial toy maker? An incarnation of the master? The dream lord? Hmmm." David and Catherine will return as the Doctor and Donna in the 60th-anniversary special. They were last on screen together when the Doctor had to wipe Donna's memory to make her forget him in order to save her life. He warned her family she could never remember their adventures together or she would die. Doctor Who is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.