The Umbrella Academy will be returning to Netflix on June 22 and the superhero drama will see the Hargreeves siblings in an alternative timeline. Their home as they once knew it is now named the Sparrow Academy and another apocalyptic adventure is on the cards. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what time the new episodes will be arriving. The third season of The Umbrella Academy has been a long time coming as the season two finale aired back in 2020. The series by Gerard Way will add 10 new episodes, which have all been given unique titles. Thankfully, all 10 episodes will be released on the streaming platform at the same time. Filming for the third season wrapped in August 2021 and the countdown has been going since then. READ MORE: Emmerdale fans 'work out' baby Thomas DNA twist Season three will be released on Netflix on Wednesday at 8am GMT, for fans in the UK. For those watching in the US, they should have access to the new episodes from midnight. The trailer for the new series was released in May and it showed Five (played by Aidan Gallagher) explaining: "When we jumped here, we created a time paradox. "Our little paradox brought forth the freaking Kugelblitz. Essentially, we are screwed." The trailer also explains how sibling Ben (Justin H. Min) is still alive in the alternate universe. The paradox the siblings created is swallowing everything in existence and the gang has only a few days to reverse their mistake. All the while, they are having to contend with the relentless members of the Sparrow Academy. The new antagonists are not holding back in this mega sibling rivalry. The titles for the 10 episodes are as follows: Episode one - Meet the Family DON'T MISS... McDonald and Dodds fans left distracted by Corrie star after blunder [DISCUSSION] Umbrella Academy season 3: Elliot Page’s character comes out as trans [INSIGHT]The Umbrella Academy season 3 undergoes major change ahead of return [INSIGHT] Episode two- The World's Biggest Ball of Twine Episode three - Pocket Full of Lightning Episode four - Kugelblitz Episode five - Kindest Cut Episode six - Marigold Episode seven - Auf Wiedersehen Episode eight - Wedding at the End of the World Episode nine - Six Bells Episode 10 - Oblivion From the title of the season finale, fans will want to binge their way through to find out what happens in the seemingly explosive episode. Ben actor Min spoke to Radio Times about how the family dynamic changes in season three. He said: "They're very conflicted. Because obviously, he looks like their Ben, but he acts very differently and there are many looks shared throughout the show, especially in the first few episodes, where they sort of see their Ben, but it's not who they think he is anymore." The star said it almost felt as if he was working on a new show as a member of the Sparrow Academy.  The Umbrella Academy season 3 airs on Netflix on June 22.