The secretive figures break the great news to the winners, and also provide guidance on the next steps as NS&I provides financial advisors for winners to choose from. An agent has shared what goes on behind-the-scenes, and explained what Britons can expect if they have the chance of meeting one.   NS&I has a team of Agent Millions who deliver the good news to Premium Bond jackpot winners. Agents are sworn to secrecy on many elements of their work, and are often anonymous themselves. Agents could be sent anywhere to deliver the news in person and one spoke to Express.co.uk. They noted the anonymity they have is necessary both for themselves and the winners, saying: “A uniform would create attention, so we do our best to blend into the surroundings that we find ourselves in.” READ MORE: The 5 kitchen appliances pushing your energy bills up and how to fix it     Agents are not allowed to even tell their family, friends or colleagues that they are an agent. The agents who head to tell the winners the good news are armed with just the winner's name, address and how much they had invested in Premium Bonds before winning the jackpot. Many people have different reactions to the news that they are now millionaires, often needing a moment or two to truly believe what is happening. The agent noted that there are some technicalities to be dealt with when receiving the £1million jackpot.  They said: “When Agent Million meets with the jackpot winners, they do need to provide us with proof of who they are. I also don’t complain if they want to put the kettle on and bring out the biscuits, especially if it’s been a long journey! “Once we’ve gone over the various security checks, we can pay them the money.” They also noted that “every visit is different” and often memorable for a range of different reasons. They shared one such story: “A really enjoyable one for me was a lady I’d gone to see who had chosen to have her husband come and sit with her. We’d gone through security, so I then told her that I was there about a prize win.  “When I told her it was £1 million, she ran from the room screaming. She ran up the stairs and was knocking on doors. Her husband told me that she’d gone to tell the kids and I’d thought up until that point that it was just the three of us in the house. “The next thing I know, I’m sat in their lounge with four beaming faces looking at me asking a host of questions!” Another agent who spoke to Express.co.uk shared that each visit can often be “memorable”, although not for the same reasons. One such case was of a winner who lived in the North of England but “longed to live closer” to their family in the south, although the housing market was keeping this from happening.  Once they realised they were now the proud owner of £1million, “they burst into tears” as the move was “no longer a pipe dream.” Some people hold Premium Bonds tightly, in the hopes of one day winning big whilst others find their hope dwindling. One winner had almost given up on their bonds when the agent arrived, and had actually completed the forms just before but had not sent them in yet. Contrary to popular belief, bond holders do not need to hold the maximum amount in order to win big, with one Premium Bonds millionaire holding just £17 when they won. The winner had held their bonds for almost half a decade before winning.