At the age of 96, the Queen no longer travels abroad and tends to delegate state visits to other senior working royals like Prince Charles and Prince William. Before his death in 2021, Prince Philip would also make solo trips around the world attending funerals or meetings on the Queen's behalf. Express.co.uk takes a look at four of the countries the Queen has never visited and the reasons why. Born a Prince of Greece and Denmark, Prince Philip famously fled Greece as a baby after the Greek monarchy was ousted in the 1920s. Philip's grandfather, King George I of Greece, was assassinated a few years before Philip was born, and his father Prince Andrew of Greece and Denmark was put on trial and faced execution. As a Princess, Elizabeth visited Greece with her new husband in 1950, but she has never made a state visit to the country during her reign as Queen, supposedly because of the nation's fraught history with monarchy. Philip once said of his birth country: "I certainly never felt nostalgic about Greece. A grandfather assassinated and a father condemned to death does not endear me to the perpetrators.” READ MORE: Lilibet and Archie tipped to receive title from Prince Charles Despite being a Commonwealth country, the Queen has never made an official visit to Rwanda. Prince Charles will be the first member of the Royal Family to visit the African country this week as he steps in for his mother at the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM). Rwanda was gripped by the tragic genocide of its Tutsi community in 1994 during the Rwandan Civil War, which saw hundreds of thousands of people killed by majority Hutu extremists. Aside from Rwanda, the only other Commonwealth country the Queen has yet to visit is Cameroon.  The Queen has never visited Argentina, although her late husband Prince Philip did in 1962. A visit to Argentina has likely never come to fruition because of tensions between the South American nation and the UK over the Falkland Islands, a British Overseas Territory. Argentina invaded the Falkland Islands in 1982, which prompted retaliation from the British Armed Forces. The Argentine side surrendered after 74 days of conflict, with hundreds of military personnel on both sides killed during the hostilities. DON'T MISS:Queen Elizabeth looks ravishing in floral dress [INSIGHT]Why Prince Charles and Camilla's Rwanda trip will be a royal first [ANALYSIS]William tries to lack ‘entitlement’ in birthday photos - unlike Queen [PICTURES]  The Queen has never visited Israel, but her son Prince Charles and her grandson Prince William have visited in recent years. The Queen may never have visited Israel due to the "never-ending tensions in the region", the Telegraph previously reported. The Israeli-Palestinian Conflict has been ongoing for several decades, and both Israel and Palestine claim the historic city of Jerusalem as their capital. 