Fortnite fans can download another brand new update for Battle Royale, Creative and Save the World. The brand new PlayStation 4, Xbox, PC, Android and Nintendo Switch update is the second to launch in the last two days. The news was announced by Epic Games on Twitter, alongside confirmation that update 3.61 is available to download right now. A PS5 update will follow in the coming days. The bad news is that Fortnite update 3.61 doesn't make any radical changes, but instead addresses stability issues. "We've released a maintenance patch for Nintendo Switch and Android devices to address stability issues," Epic confirms. "The patch will be downloaded the next time you launch the game. A follow-up tweet confirmed the launch of the update on other platforms: "This update is now available on Xbox One, Xbox Series X|S, PC and PlayStation 4. It will be downloaded the next time you launch the game. "We'll provide an update when it will be available on PlayStation 5." While the patch notes don't reveal a great deal, the good news is that no downtime is required alongside the new update. The next wave of server downtime will accompany next week's 21.20 download, which should launch on July 5. The new update follows the latest content hotfix, which added the Flare Gun back to Battle Royale. Epic explains more: "It’s the good vibes Season, so why not add some fireworks? With the Firework Flare Gun, you won’t be shooting a standard flare. "Instead, every shot you take will be a fireworks show. The area where the firework shell explodes will be set aflame, causing the start of a spreading blaze." In addition to the Flare Gun, Epic is spotlighting the recently released Ripsaw Launcher for the upcoming week. "Take up a Ripsaw Launcher to send a sawblade flying," the company continues. "Even after gravity sends the sawblade to the ground, it’ll roll and create chaos in its path. Whether flying or rolling, the sawblade will destroy each structure in its way, potentially felling towering builds. "Sawblades also have the power to damage (and knock back) players and cars. Ripsaw Launchers contain multiple sawblades, so send sawblades in spades." As part of Ripsaw Launcher Week, the item can be found within Floor Loot, Chests and Supply Drops.