Russian state media is continuing with its provocative rhetoric, as TV personality Vladimir Solovyov claims there will be a "massive nuclear strike" that will see only "mutants" survive. Mr Solovyov has previously been branded 'Putin's voice' and regularly spouts Kremlin talking points on his show. Speaking on Russia-1 this week, he made incendiary threats to the west. Mr Solovyov said the world is "descending into bloody pages of world history." He also added: "If everything keeps progressing the way it is, only a couple of mutants in Lake Baikal will survive. The rest will be destroyed in a massive nuclear strike." While Kremlin allies continue to disseminate their extreme rhetoric, academic Olga Lautman spoke to Express.co.uk about Russia's nuclear threat. She believes Russia will use nuclear weapons "indirectly", bigging up the threat of Ukraine and the US in order to justify its own violence. Asked if she is concerned about Russia using nuclear weapons, she told Express.co.uk: "Absolutely. That was one of my biggest concerns. The Russian defence ministry has been laying the groundwork both for chemical weapons usage and nuclear weapons, but not directly. "I don't think Putin would use a nuclear weapon in the sense that we think of, where he would launch it and it would be how we envisage that. "I'm more worried about Russia rigging the nuclear plants. This is what the defence ministry in Russia was laying the groundwork for. "They can say that they have intelligence that Ukrainians are rigging the nuclear facilities in Ukraine. "Moscow is also laying the ground work that the US has assisted and will assist in launching dirty bombs inside Ukraine. "I'm worried Russia could launch an attack and still maintain plausible deniability." Putin himself has stoked fear he could use nuclear weapons in his war with Ukraine. Early on in the war, he put his nuclear forces on high alert. The US responded by accusing Putin of "totally unacceptable" escalation, adding that Washington will continue to support Ukraine. READ MORE: Sturgeon 'virtue signalling' in plans to scrap nuclear deterrents The director of national intelligence in the US, Avril Haines, made an even more concerning warning. She claimed that Putin would use nuclear weapons if pushed into a desperate position. Speaking in May, she told the Senate: "We do think that [Putin’s perception of an existential threat] could be the case in the event that he perceives that he is losing the war in Ukraine, and that NATO in effect is either intervening or about to intervene in that context, which would obviously contribute to a perception that he is about to lose the war in Ukraine. "There are a lot of things that he would do in the context of escalation before he would get to nuclear weapons, and also that he would be likely to engage in some signalling beyond what he’s done thus far before doing so." Russia's ambassador to the UK, Andrei Kelin, dismissed the idea his country would launch nuclear weapons in an interview with the BBC last month. Putin's war in Ukraine hasn't quite gone to his script as theRussian military failed to take the capital Kyiv in the early weeks and is now focusing on the Donbas region in the east. DON'T MISSOne misstep at Ukraine border could trigger all-out global conflict [INSIGHT]Blow to Putin as China-backed bank withdraws support [ANALYSIS]Vikings season 6: Rus soldiers execution scene suffered awkward error [INSIGHT] Ms Lautman believes Putin now has no choice but to continue fighting the war. She added: "Putin, for him, this is also a matter of his survival. He is using the nationalistic rhetoric to rally people in the country, and there these tensions that go back a century between Russians and Ukrainians, so it is easy for Putin to do this. "With Russians, they do like a strong leader, so if he gets humiliated, they will start demanding a change. "In this case, Putin has put himself in a place where he has no choice but to continue this war, or that's it for him." The director of national intelligence in the US, Avril Haines, made an even more concerning warning. She claimed that Putin would use nuclear weapons if pushed into a desperate position. Speaking in May, she told the Senate: "We do think that [Putin’s perception of an existential threat] could be the case in the event that he perceives that he is losing the war in Ukraine, and that NATO in effect is either intervening or about to intervene in that context, which would obviously contribute to a perception that he is about to lose the war in Ukraine. "There are a lot of things that he would do in the context of escalation before he would get to nuclear weapons, and also that he would be likely to engage in some signalling beyond what he’s done thus far before doing so." Russia's ambassador to the UK, Andrei Kelin, dismissed the idea his country would launch nuclear weapons in an interview with the BBC last month. Putin's war in Ukraine hasn't quite gone to his script as theRussian military failed to take the capital Kyiv in the early weeks and is now focusing on the Donbas region in the east. Ms Lautman believes Putin now has no choice but to continue fighting the war. She added: "Putin, for him, this is also a matter of his survival. He is using the nationalistic rhetoric to rally people in the country, and there these tensions that go back a century between Russians and Ukrainians, so it is easy for Putin to do this. "With Russians, they do like a strong leader, so if he gets humiliated, they will start demanding a change. "In this case, Putin has put himself in a place where he has no choice but to continue this war, or that's it for him."