Naga Munchetty presented BBC Breakfast from Buckingham Palace on Saturday, while her sports presenter co-star Mike Bushell gave his report from Epsom Derby. After Mike finished interviewing a guest at the races, he cut to Naga who was about to speak with DJ Jax Jones. However, the BBC presenter was left taken aback when he saw Naga was wearing a large furry hat. Naga had jokingly tried on Jax's furry hat and decided to present the segment wearing it. Speaking about why he was wearing a top hat, Mke began: "I do keep getting asked if I am getting married today with the hat on and the rose which I am not, I am very happily married of course. "But I think for once I may be out-smarting you." As the camera panned to Naga, Mike said in surprise: "oh my goodness. What is that?" READ MORE: Paul Burrell issues stark Meghan and Harry warning "You haven't, Mike," Naga insisted. "This is DJ Jax Jones' hat. "When I saw you Mike and I saw how fabulously smart you look. And you do look just as smart as you did on your wedding day, but I just thought I can't be outdone, can I? You know me?" "Well, it's furrier, and it's bigger," Mike replied. "I knew there was a musical connection cuz I was thinking JK... Jamiroquai, you see."   "Similiar letters, yeah," Naga explained. "Jax Jones, but it's not JK> "I'm going to be talking to Jax in just a moment. "It is rather fabulous and it's purple as well so it's very fitting." Viewers were also taken aback by Naga's choice of outfit, although, many praised the presenter and said they loved her new look. DON'T MISS...Vera's Brenda Blethyn pays tribute to co-star [INSIGHT]Levin blasts Meghan and Harry's Jubilee stint 'Help Netflix career' [VIDEO]Adil Ray laughs as he mocks Meghan Markle's Jubilee snub [REACTION] However, other fans were just left confused by the hat and questioned why she was dressed for winter. Loz commented: "Why is Naga dressed like it’s winter? It’s a lovely summer day and she’s wearing a jacket and scarf?? Annoying #BBCBreakfast #bbcnews." (sic)  Jackie penned: "Naga’s coat is giving me uncle Fester vibes." (sic) Another user asked: What is that on your head?????#BBCBreakfast. (sic)  Jackie penned: "Naga’s coat is giving me uncle Fester vibes." (sic) While Steve joked: "Where did Naga get her Bertie Basset outfit from?" "Why's she dressed as Boy George, LOL!" Gill went on to comment as Martin complimented: "Love it!" BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.