The Women Against State Pension Injustice (Waspi) campaign group has been recruiting senior political figures to support their campaign. They have now won public pledges of support from leaders across the political spectrum, with the exception of Prime Minister Boris Johnson. Liberal Democrats leader Sir Ed Davey has now pledged his backing for the Waspi women’s campaign for “fair and fast compensation” on behalf of 3.8 million women. Davey joins the leaders of the Labour Party, SNP and Plaid Cymru who have also pledged their support. In March, Labour Party leader Sir Keir Starmer gave his backing for Waspi women’s struggle for compensation. This cross-party support makes it more likely that Parliament will approve any compensation package, with Davey saying he would back whatever is agreed. Campaigners refused to say how much they expect to get but calculate the average women born in the 1950s lost £50,000 in State Pension after the retirement age was increased from 60 to 66. They argued that they did not get proper warning for the change, and many did not realise they would have to work for up to six years longer until the last minute. Express.co.uk repeatedly highlighted the plight facing Waspi women, who often have incredible tales of hardship to tell. Many have been scraping by on state benefits, often in poor health, while waiting for their State Pension to kick in finally. Some have died without getting any State Pension at all. Last year, Waspi women received a huge boost when the Parliamentary & Health Service Ombudsman ruled that the Department for Work & Pensions (DWP) should have given more notice of moves to raise their state retirement age. It rules that this was “maladministration” because 1950s women were not given adequate notice of major changes to their State Pension READ MORE: Waspi woman's desperate step after State Pension snub. Burned fence Davey said Waspi women have been ignored for years. “At a time when bills are soaring, they are still fighting heroically for justice after changes to the State Pension left them out of pocket.” Liberal Democrats want a fair deal for Waspi women, Davey added. “We believe the Government has a duty to compensate the women who have lost out – through no fault of their own – and we will endorse any decisions by the Ombudsman on compensation.” Hilary Simpson, chair of the Waspi Campaign 2018, said: “We are very grateful to the Leaders of the main Opposition parties for their support.” She said failure to give 1950s women proper notice of the changes to their pension age had “disastrous” results. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry will be 'haunted' by Jubilee for 'rest of his life' [REVEAL]'Coup de grace' for Brexit deal as legal ruling exposes loophole [LATEST]Nuke threats spooked West into sitting out war [INSIGHT]  "Women’s plans for retirement at 60 were suddenly overturned without warning. Some had to sell or re-mortgage their homes, others had to continue working despite ill health, and others had to abandon commitments they had made to their families to provide care for grandchildren or elderly relatives.” Simpson added: “All were deprived - in some cases for up to six years - of the pension which they had expected to receive at 60. “When the Ombudsman comes to a decision on compensation we expect Parliament to accept it without quibbling, and to implement it fairly and without delay. “After many years of campaigning our demand is for justice in the form of fair and fast compensation before more 1950s women die - and we are not going away,” Simpson added. A DWP spokesperson said the Government decided to equalise the State Pension age for men and women more than 25 years ago, as a long-overdue move towards gender equality. It insisted that it had been supported by both the High Court and Court of Appeal, which found it acted entirely lawfully and did not discriminate on any grounds.