Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations kick off on Thursday with the monarch’s annual birthday parade, Trooping the Colour. Her Majesty is expected to appear on the balcony of Buckingham Palace alongside working members of the Royal Family. It will mark the beginning of a special, four-day royal extravaganza, which will see the lighting of beacons across the country, a pop concert on the grounds of the Palace and a carnival-like pageant telling the story of the Queen’s 70-year reign. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** Due to ongoing mobility issues, the monarch’s attendance at the various events during the weekend are expected to be confirmed on the day. Earlier this month, Her Majesty’s presence at the Platinum Jubilee celebrations was doubted following her absence from the State Opening of Parliament — one of her biggest constitutional duties. Prince Charles and Prince William stood in for the 96-year-old monarch for the first time in history, raising questions about her future role in the Royal Family. However, just three days later, the Queen made an unexpected appearance at the Royal Windsor Horse Show, where she watched her pony compete and later cheered on her granddaughter — Lady Louise Windsor — in a carriage driving event. In the following days and weeks, the monarch went from being a regular no-show having not been seen since Prince Philip’s Service of Thanksgiving in March, to suddenly being seen out and about again. She was spotted beaming in the audience of ‘A Gallop Through History’, opened the Elizabeth Line at Paddington Station and waved from a buggy as she attended the Chelsea Flower Show. Speaking on last week’s episode of Pod Save The Queen, Russell Myers, royal editor at the Daily Mirror, and Zoe Forsey, the podcast's host, claimed the Queen should be enjoying the "fun stuff" while handing the state duties over to Charles and William. Mr Myers said: “Why would she [the Queen] be bothered about going to the State Opening of Parliament? “Surely, this is a chance to give it to Charles — you’re sitting there for over an hour, reading the speech, talking about whether you’re going to wear the crown or the robe, which she has abandoned in previous years, it’s an awful long way to go — this business of state should be, definitely, handed over to Charles. “I think that we’re seeing a little bit of a change in the guard, but when the Queen turns up at these events, she’s obviously saying: ‘I’m not going anywhere.’ “But really enjoying her time. And surely that’s what everyone wants her to do? “She has served with distinction for 70 years and especially in this period that we’re in, I don’t think anybody would be begrudging the Queen for having a jolly old time — whether it’s at the horse show, or visiting the tube, or whatever — fair play to her.” DON'T MISSWhere are William and Kate's bridesmaids and page boys now? [INSIGHT]Kate dazzles as she joins Prince William at Anzac Day service [NEWS]Kate Middleton re-wears cream Alexander McQueen coat dress  [REVEAL] Ms Forsey added: “She is doing the fun stuff, and I don’t blame her.” The Royal Family are expected to be out in full force this weekend as they mark the monarch’s Platinum Jubilee. According to royal historian, Marlene Koenig, the Queen is likely to be desperate to attend three particular events. Ms Koenig told Express.co.uk: “I am sure the Queen wants to go to as many events as she can, but this will be decided as the events get closer. "Epsom Downs is definitely on her wish list but a decision to attend will not be made until closer to the date. "She will also want to attend the service at St. Paul's, but accommodations will need to be made as she cannot walk up or down that massive staircase and will have to go into the cathedral through a side entrance. "The Service of Thanksgiving is perhaps the most important because of the Queen's faith, The Trooping of the Colour is also important because of the links between the Crown and the military — and it has a storied tradition." The Derby at Epsom Downs is a longtime favourite fixture of the Queen’s, but reports have already circulated that Her Majesty will not attend this year’s races, and will instead be represented by her daughter, Princess Anne. The Service of Thanksgiving for the Queen's long reign is closed to the public, and it will take place on Friday, June 3. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, who are travelling from the US for the celebrations, will join the Queen at St Paul’s Cathedral, along with Prince Andrew, but they will not be at Buckingham Palace for the Trooping the Colour flypast. Only working royals will accompany the monarch on the balcony after the Trooping the Colour ceremony, which sees 1,400 parading soldiers, 200 horses and 400 parade down the Mall.