Alex Corretja has outlined the three key areas Emma Raducunu must focus on ahead of Wimbledon if she is to upset favourite Iga Swiatek and win at SW19. The Brit found out on Friday that she will face Alison van Uytvanck in the first round, a strong grasscourt opponent. She is in the opposite half of the draw to top seed Iga Swiatek, who has won her last 35 matches and Raducanu will need to be at her best to come on top at Wimbledon. Former Spanish professional Corretja believes that Raducanu does have what it takes to win tournaments, but she must focus on her game and outlined the three ways to do that. “She needs consistency, she needs to practise, she needs to be committed to her style and to the way she wants to play," Corretja told Eurosport. “She needs to find her way because whenever she finds her way, you see how dangerous and how aggressive she is, and how well she moves. But for that, you need to play matches. “So whenever she will find that consistency again, I'm sure she's going to be great because she's got everything to just go there and win tournaments. JUST IN: Djokovic and Nadal handed Wimbledon boost after Ruud comments "I think the amount of pressure Emma is holding on her shoulders has to be huge and super difficult to deal with. She needs to focus on herself. But going into Wimbledon, I think she needs to go there and be healthy." Raducanu reached the second week at Wimbledon last year and made a name for herself in front of a home crowd as a wildcard entry, and this year enters as the tenth seed. She faces Belgian Van Uytvanck first who is a recent Surbiton and Gaiba champion. The 28-year-old is a former Grand Slam quarter-finalist, who reached the last 16 of Wimbledon in 2018 and is currently ranked 46th in the world. DON'T MISS  Raducanu has been an injury doubt going into Wimbledon, as she was forced to retire from the Nottingham Open due to a side strain and her participation in Wimbledon has been questioned as the 19-year-old has not spoken in public since describing the “freak” injury in Nottingham. "The first game an absolute freak, I think I pulled something,” Raducanu said. “I am not really sure what exactly happened. I was thinking ‘I don’t know how I am going to do this’. But if you do something in the first game people will be like ‘Well why did you walk onto the court’. “I definitely tried to get through it but in the second game I called the physio on and at the first changeover she was trying to do some work but even from there she told me it was going to be really difficult to continue."