Since the pandemic began in March 2020, more Britons have been looking for homes with gardens or outdoor space. A well-maintained garden can be a real asset to a home, adding potentially a lot of value to a property. A new study by PlumbNation has compared the UK’s average house prices with the average sizes of private outdoor space. The research has managed to calculate the average cost of a property per square metre of garden space to find the most affordable and most expensive places to own a garden in the UK. The research also found out where in the country has the highest rate of garden ownership using Government data. South Tyneside is the part of the country with the most gardens where as many as 96.5 percent of addresses have their own private outdoor space. Broadland in Norfolk, which is known for its picturesque surroundings, are the second most likely to have their own garden with 95.9 percent of addresses having a private outdoor space. READ MORE: Cleaning: I used a 13p fruit to remove limescale from my kettle A whopping 95.5 percent of addresses in northeast Lincolnshire have their own outdoor space. So where are the most affordable areas to own a property with a garden in the UK? Na h-Eileanan Siar, in the Western Isles, is the most affordable part of the country to own a property with a garden. The area is home to the second-largest average garden size in the UK.  DON'T MISS‘Effective’ ways to get rid of mice in homes with natural scents [INSIGHT]Cleaning: ‘Great way’ to banish flies from homes - works ‘instantly’ [UPDATE]‘Critical to-do’ gardening task to grow ‘oversized’ peony blooms [ANALYSIS] The average property value per square metre of garden is £118.95. Castle Point on the Essex coast is the part of the UK with the largest average garden size. The Orkney Islands came in second place where the average property value per square metre of garden is £159.90. With an average of just £183.96 per square metre of outdoor space, Argyll and Bute came in third place. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The most affordable area in London to own a property with a garden is Bromley which has an average property value per square metre of garden of £1,314. 1. Na h-Eileanan Siar 2. Orkney Islands 3. Argyll and Bute 4. Castle Point 5. Highland 6. Shetland Islands 7. Dumfries and Galloway 8. Copeland 9. Aberdeenshire 10. Ceredigion Oxford has the most expensive gardens outside of London, with an average property value of £1,929.36 per square metre of garden. In second place is Cambridge, where the average property value per square metre of garden is £1,907.32. Portsmouth came in third place where the average property value per square metre of garden is £1,824.30.  The most expensive area in London to own a property with a garden is Kensington and Chelsea. The borough has an eye-watering average property value per square metre of garden of £16,656. 1. Oxford 2. Cambridge 3. Portsmouth 4. Watford 5. Slough 6. Bristol 7. Harlow 8. Stevenage 9. Spelthorne 10. Brighton and Hove