Kate dazzled in a black and white ensemble as she visited the Little Village's hub in Brent. This engagement is part of the Duchess of Cambridge's continued work on the early years and providing youngers with the best possible start in life. While in Brent to hear how the baby bank is supporting local families. Kate's visit comes just a few days after it was claimed Meghan Markle and Prince Harry had extended an invitation to the intimate birthday party of their daughter to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. However, due to a diary clash, Kate and William were unable to attend. Lili turned one on Saturday, in the midst of celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Her special milestone was marked by her doting parents with a relaxed picnic, to which they invited close friends and family. While no attendee was officially confirmed, Zara and Mike Tindall are believed to have joined the Sussexes for the happy event, alongside their three children. On the same day, however, Kate and Prince William were carrying out a previously announced trip to Wales. The Duke and Duchess surprised royal fans by bringing with them their children Prince George and Princess Charlotte, in what was their first-ever official visit to Wales. READ MORE: Belgium mocks royal blunders in Queen’s Platinum Jubilee tribute The Cambridges visited Cardiff Castle to meet royal well-wishers as well as staff and performers working at the local Jubilee concert. Prior to their trip to Wales, Kate and her children – including Prince Louis – came together to prepare cakes for people in Cardiff attending street parties. Pictures of the four royals baking were shared on Sunday morning via the Cambridges' Twitter account, Kensington Royal. Kate was a prominent presence throughout the extended bank holiday weekend dedicated to the Jubilee. On Thursday, she led the carriage procession leading up to Horse Guards Parade alongside Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall and her three children. After watching the Trooping the Colour parade from the Major General's Office alongside other members of the Firm, including the Sussexes, Kate was among the working royals joining the Queen on the Buckingham Palace balcony to watch the RAF flypast. On Friday, Kate and William were among the royals at St Paul's Cathedral for the service of thanksgiving.  And a few hours after their visit to Cardiff, Kate, William, George and Charlotte were in the Royal Box's front row to watch the Party at the Palace concert. On the following day, the full Cambridge clan returned in the Royal Box to watch the Platinum Jubilee Pageant, before making another balcony appearance in the company only of the Prince of Wales, Duchess of Cornwall and the Queen. Kate's return to her normal duties following four days packed with celebratory events honouring the Queen's life and reign has been hailed by a royal watcher and PR expert on Twitter, @RoyalTea. She wrote: "Classic Cambridge playbook - when all eyes are on you for attending glitzy public events, leverage it to highlight your core work and causes." One of the pillars of the Duchess' royal work is to drive awareness of, and action on, the impact the first five years of life have on the development of children. Kate visited a number of baby banks in the midst of the pandemic. This was revealed in August 2021, when she headed to Sheffield in South Yorkshire to meet staff at Baby Basics. During her visit, the Duchess helped unpack donations and spoke with parents benefitting from the support of the charity. Recalling a meeting with families who were helped by baby banks, Kate said during her day out in Sheffield: "It can get very emotional. "I remember a couple of the families I met from King's, Lynn and I went home and literally burst into tears, their stories were so moving. "The struggles they have gone through, the bravery they have shown ... in extraordinary circumstances. Helping their families through extraordinary times." 