Many pensioners may be under the impression the state pension is the only support they can get. However, this may not be the case for those who are living with health conditions, as Attendance Allowance could be made available. The benefit offers support to pensioners who are deemed to have a disability severe enough that they need someone to help look after them. One health issue which could entitle a person to receiving support is living with hearing loss, or deafness. The NHS describes hearing loss as a common condition, especially as people get older. However, levels of hearing loss can vary, and therefore impact people in different ways. READ MORE: 'Not easy' Widow, 65, struggles on late husband's 'small' pension Signs can include feeling tired or stressed from having to concentrate to listen, difficulty hearing in person or on the phone, and challenges with keeping up with a conversation. Some may struggle with communication and navigating their day-to-day life, especially if their condition is severe. As such, Attendance Allowance could provide important support with a person’s needs. The Royal National Institute for Deaf People (RNID) states people who are deaf or having hearing loss may be able to claim the sum. DON'T MISSState pensioners urged to do simple check which could boost income [INSIGHT]Energy rebate warning as scam tactic 'could drain bank accounts' [WARNING]Best places to retire in the UK - areas which boast the top care [MAPPED] This is particularly the case if someone needs help to communicate with other people. The organisation states: “This counts as personal care. “It doesn’t matter if you don’t currently get this help, as long as you can show you need it.” To apply for Attendance Allowance, Britons will need to use the claim form, which can be accessed via the Government website. It can be filled in and sent to Freepost DWP Attendance Allowance - with no stamp or postcode required. When filling in the application form, the RNID states it is important to describe how hearing loss impacts one’s everyday life. This is because the person reading the form and making the decision on the claim is unlikely to know what it feels like to be deaf or have hearing loss. In some cases, Britons will need to have an assessment by a healthcare professional. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea If this is the case, then they will receive a letter telling them the reasons why, and where they will need to go. If a copy of the form is needed, or alternative formats required, the helpline can be called on 0800 731 0122. Attendance Allowance can be backdated to the date a person first makes their claim. This is usually the date their form is received, or the date the enquiry line is called - as long as the claim pack is then returned within six weeks.