Rafael Nadal has started testing his foot out on the grass before making a decision about Wimbledon. The world No 4 admitted he used anaesthetic injections to numb the pain caused by his chronic foot injury during his run to the French Open title and has since undergone a radiofrequency treatment to try and recreate the effect, previously confirming he would only play at Wimbledon if the treatment was successful. Nadal has returned to a grass court for a practice session behind closed doors, according to Spanish outlet Ultima Hora. The 36-year-old is yet to decide whether or not he will play at Wimbledon following his latest treatment for his chronic foot injury, undergoing a radiofrequency procedure on Tuesday. The world No 4 won a record-extending 14th French Open and 22nd overall Grand Slam eight days ago and revealed he had to dull his nerve using anaesthetic injections to play without pain, though ruled out repeating the strategy at any other tournament. His participation at Wimbledon now rests on the success of the new treatment, which appears  positive in the early stages as he has already started practising on the surface. Nadal was expected to take "three or four days with normal maintenance physical activity" and, "depending on the evolution of the treatment and as long as it is positive, he would resume training on the court.” His return to the grass at Santa Ponca’s Mallorca Country Club indicates that his recovery in the days after the procedure has been successful. JUST IN: Berrettini slams 'unfair' Wimbledon points strip and slams ATP conduct The Spaniard won the first two Grand Slam tournaments of the season for the first time in his career, putting him halfway to achieving the Calendar Grand Slam - winning all four in the same year. He would likely be the second seed at Wimbledon if he plays, with world No 1 Daniil Medvedev banned and second-ranked Alexander Zverev injured. Speaking about his chances of competing at the All England Club following his 14th victory at Roland Garros, Nadal said: "I'm gonna be in Wimbledon if my body is ready to play Wimbledon. Wimbledon is not a tournament that I want to miss, I think nobody wants to miss Wimbledon. I love Wimbledon, I had lot of success there, I lived amazing emotions there so full credit and respect to the tournament and a player like me, I am always ready to play Wimbledon." DON'T MISSEvans weighs in on Murray's Wimbledon hopes after Stuttgart injuryMurray faces nervous wait for scan results as Brit sweats on WimbledonRaducanu hit by new injury as Murray ends six-year wait   The newly-crowned French Open champion was pictured on crutches less than a week ago following his injury treatment, having previously explained the plan "burn" the nerve and rid it of feeling with the same effect the injections had but for the long-term. 