In a report published in The Lancet, the researchers found omicron was less likely to cause long Covid than delta, the previously dominant variant in the UK. The conclusion was reached after the analysis of over 100,000 patients who had logged their Covid symptoms on the COVID ZOE app developed by the university. Of these, around four percent infected with Omicron had logged long Covid symptoms. In contrast, around 10 percent had logged long Covid symptoms after infection by the delta variant. READ MORE: Dementia: Scientists identify vitamin deficiency that may cause decline - millions at risk Writing in The Lancet, the authors wrote: “Overall, we found a reduction in odds of long Covid with the omicron variant versus the delta variant of 0·24–0·50 depending on age and time since vaccination. “However, the absolute number of people experiencing long Covid at a given time depends on the shape and amplitude of the pandemic curve.” They added: “We believe this is the first peer-reviewed study to report on long Covid risk associated with infection by the omicron variant, highlighting that health surveillance using smartphone apps can produce rapid insights, which we have consistently shown are accurate and subsequently replicated.” However, the researchers cautioned they had “insufficient data to estimate the odds of long Covid in unvaccinated individuals and did not estimate effects in children”.  Nevertheless, the data provides an insight into the retrospective odds of long Covid and acts as reassurance for those who become infected with COVID-19 their odds of developing long Covid are lower than with Delta. Symptoms of long Covid to look out for include:• Extreme tiredness• Shortness of breath• Chest pain or tightness• Brain fog• Insomnia• Heart palpitations• Dizziness• Pins and needles• Joint pain• Depression• Anxiety• Tinnitus• Diarrhoea• Stomach aches• Loss of appetite• Rashes. On this last symptom, the rash, it is important to note the shape and colour of the rash. The reason for this is it could be monkeypox - the latest viral threat to sweep across the country. Originating in Africa, cases of people with the virus are rising worldwide. At the last count, there were 574 cases of monkeypox confirmed in the UK. Although anyone can catch monkeypox, those most at risk include sexually active young men. In a statement, in the Incident Director for the UKHSA (United Kingdom Health Security Agency) Doctor William Welfare said: “As case numbers of monkeypox continue to rise and with many summer events and festivals ahead, we're reminding people to be aware of the symptoms of monkeypox, particularly if you've recently had new or multiple sexual partners, to help prevent further spread and protect others. “If you have a rash with blisters, or any other monkeypox symptoms, don't go to events, meet with friends or have sexual contact.” Doctor Welfare added: “Instead, stay at home and contact 111 or your local sexual health service for advice. Please contact the clinic ahead of your visit and avoid close contact with others until you've been seen by a clinician.”