Lois appeared on this morning’s episode of Rip Off Britain, explaining how she got scammed and was now at a total loss. Similar WhatsApp scams have been running rampant as fraudsters target parents and pretend to be their children.   Lois explained that it all started with a simple WhatsApp message from who she believed was her son. The message read: “Hi mum, I’ve changed phone provider. This is my new phone number for 24 hours until my old number imports in.” Shortly after this, Lois received another message, this one far more concerning than the first. It read: “I’m really stressed. I’ve got a problem, I bought something off the internet and I need to pay it today but I can’t pay because of the 24 hour phone security.” READ MORE: How to spot a scam website: 'Always be wary of scam ads' and look for warning signs in URL  Hoping to help her son, she paid the outstanding amount via bank transfer as soon as possible. In total, she sent £917, saying to the Rip Off Britain team: “It is a lot”. Her concerns began to grow as time went on and her son never confirmed whether he had received the money or paid the outstanding bill. She then contacted her son to see if he had received the money. However, she then learned he had not asked her for money in the first place.     Recalling that moment, she added: “Of course my heart sank! Absolutely sank!” Lois immediately called her bank, Santander, to explain the situation and see what could be done. They told her that the money had already left her account and as she had not taken precautionary measures prior to sending it she could not be reimbursed. Rip Off Britain brought in tech expert Georgie Barrat and Adam French from Which? to help advise Lois on this predicament.  However, Rip Off Britain had contacted Santander themselves, who told them she wouldn't be able to get money back. Rip Off Britain told viewers Santander said while the bank "has sympathy for her, as she’d sent the money without making any checks to verify the identity of that person it would not be refunding her cash". Additionally, WhatsApp told Rip Off Britain: “Although its messaging platform provides end-to-end encryption just like regular sms or phone calls, it is possible for other WhatsApp users who have your phone number to contact you and it urged people not to send money to anyone even if they appear to be one of your contacts.” Santander advised on their website that customers who believe they have been the victim of fraud should contact them as soon as possible.  They also shared that people who have been confronted with a similar WhatsApp message as Lois was should treat it with caution. They advised: “Call your friend or family member to check the detail – do not use WhatsApp to complete the call.” Additionally, customers were asked to ensure their messaging apps are updated and to block any suspicious numbers. Rip Off Britain continues tomorrow at 10:45 on BBC One.