Columnist Celia Walden said the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's return to the UK for the bank holiday weekend of celebrations "could not be faulted". Ms Walden praised the couple for doing the "right, respectful thing" by attending, rather than being "conspicuous by their absence". The commentator also rejected claims Harry was struggling with his new status after stepping back as a senior royal amid reports he was finding it "difficult to swallow" and was "absolutely furious". Writing for the Telegraph, Ms Walden said: "There would surely have been a time when being shunted from the front row would have would have left Harry and Meghan smarting. Well, Meghan at least. "Rightly or wrongly I’ve always assumed that, whereas the Duchess’s Garbo-esque 'I want to be alone' act is just that, Harry is probably genuinely happy to be relegated to a second-tier royal. "Either way, the Sussexes low-key return could not be faulted." Ms Walden added that "for once" Harry and Meghan appeared to understand the occasion "wasn't about them". She said: "They played their new 'second-tier Sussexes' roles seamlessly, they proved they could do it, and although the reality may take some getting used to I’m quite sure that having their eye on a bigger prize in a bigger country will make it easier." The couple, who quit royal duties in 2020, travelled from California to Britain for the Jubilee. But their visit was low-key with Harry and Meghan absent from many of the festivities over the extended weekend. READ MORE: Harry faced 'painful 19 minutes' as 'reality of new life sinks in' They made their first public appearance alongside the Windsors in two years at the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral last Friday. But their relegated seats were a telling sign of their change in status. Working royals filled the prime positions in the front-row chairs. DON'T MISSRoyal POLL: Should Princess Anne be considered for Queen? [POLL]Royal Family LIVE: William and Harry's children kept apart in Jubilee [LIVE BLOG]Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's royal pageant absence 'quite telling' [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan sat in the second row behind the Wessex family and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester. They were far across the aisle from Prince Charles, Camilla, Prince William and Kate. They did however make a solo procession, holding each other's hand, down the nave of St Paul's Cathedral, after the rest of the mass of more than 40 royals and before future king Charles and the Cambridges. The move appeared to be a recognition of Harry's place as sixth in line and of the way things used to be. Harry and Meghan opted not to attend a reception at the Guildhall afterwards alongside other members of the Royal Family. And the couple did not wait for the end of the Jubilee to jet back to the US, with the couple reportedly leaving before the Pageant started on Sunday. 