Emma Raducanu sent a heartfelt message to the home crowd after starting her Wimbledon campaign with a 6-4 6-4 win over the in-form Alison Van Uytvanck. The 10th seed had played just 33 minutes of grass court tennis as she picked up an injury ahead of the tournament and spoke about overcoming the "tough times" to return to her home Grand Slam. Raducanu returned to Wimbledon as the 10th seed and US Open champion a year after making her Grand Slam debut at the All England Club as a wildcard when she was ranked down at world No 338. Despite her new status as a top player, the Bromley teenager was in doubt to even make a reappearance at SW19 when she retired injured after seven games in her only grass match of the year in Nottingham. She raised even more injury fears when she failed to take a wildcard into Eastbourne last week and cancelled a practice session with Garbine Muguruza at the weekend but fans need not have panicked as the British No 1 made her Centre Court debut on the opening day of The Championships, beating Van Uytvanck in straight sets. After her 6-4 6-4 win, the home favourite thanked the fans with a heartfelt message. "I mean I felt the support the minute I walked out of those doors," she beamed in her on-court interview. JUST IN: Nadal and Berrettini warned over underestimating 'rusty' Djokovic  "Yeah I wanted to say thank you to everyone who’s been here supporting and through the tough times as well," she continued. "But it’s all worth it to play on Centre Court and especially come through with a win." The world No 11 also credited her opponent, who had already won two titles on the grass this season in Surbiton and Gaiba. "Of course I know Alison’s an extremely tricky opponent because she’s had some great results on grass the last few weeks and I played her last summer," Raducanu added. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic's wife Jelena beams as she supports him at WimbledonNovak Djokovic wants even more after breaking insane Wimbledon recordSerena Williams' view on Wimbledon chances as Jabeur provides insight  And Raducanu shared her hope to be back out in front of the Centre Court fans again. "Extremely pleased to get through that match and really looking forward to hopefully coming out and playing in front of you guys again," she smiled. "I've been feeling it ever since i stepped onto the practice court here on my first day, I heard people behind me like 'Emma you got this' and I’m like 'yeah I got this'," she laughed, touching on the support again. "I’m just so happy to stay another day." 