Although Ukraine won the 2022 Eurovision Song Contest, the UK broke its tradition of coming last or towards the end of the leaderboard by placing second following Sam Ryder's Spaceman performance. On 17 June, a statement was released announcing Ukraine's official withdrawal from hosting due to the ongoing war, with discussions now ongoing with the BBC for the UK to host.  The EBU said on Friday: "Following their win at the Eurovision Song Contest (ESC) in May the EBU has been exploring options for the hosting of next year’s competition with Ukraine’s public broadcaster UA:PBC, who previously staged the event in 2017 and 2005. "It has become a well-known tradition that the winner of the Eurovision Song Contest hosts the competition the following year, providing certain criteria including ensuring the viability of staging the event and the safety of all stakeholders, including the public, are met. "Given the ongoing war since the Russian invasion of this year’s winning country, the EBU has taken the time to conduct a full assessment and feasibility study with both UA:PBC and third-party specialists including on safety and security issues." READ MORE: Stranger Things fans expose secret season 4 villain working with Vecna The statement went on: "The Eurovision Song Contest is one of the most complex TV productions in the world with thousands working on, and attending, the event and 12 months of preparation time needed. "Following objective analysis, the Reference Group, the ESC’s governing board, has with deep regret concluded that, given the current circumstances, the security and operational guarantees required for a broadcaster to host, organise and produce the Eurovision Song Contest under the ESC Rules cannot be fulfilled by UA:PBC. "The EBU would like to thank UA:PBC for their wholehearted cooperation and commitment in exploring all scenarios in the weeks since Kalush Orchestra’s win on May 14  in Turin and share their sadness and disappointment that next year’s Contest cannot be held in Ukraine. "The EBU has been supporting UA:PBC across a whole range of areas since the invasion. We will ensure that this support continues so UA:PBC can maintain the indispensable service they provide to Ukrainians. "As a result of this decision, in accordance with the rules and to ensure the continuity of the event, the EBU will now begin discussions with the BBC, as this year’s runner up, to potentially host the 2023 Eurovision Song Contest in the United Kingdom. "It is our full intention that Ukraine’s win will be reflected in next year’s shows. This will be a priority for us in our discussions with the eventual hosts." The BBC responded: “We have seen the announcement from the EBU. Clearly these aren’t a set of circumstances that anyone would want. DON'T MISS... Liz Kershaw slams BBC over ageism row 'No women over 60' [LATEST]GMB fans blast Mike Parry suggestion 'flip-flops KILL' in fiery row [VIDEO]Deborah James in candid admission in final TV appearance [INTERVIEW] “Following their decision, we will of course discuss the BBC hosting the Eurovision Song Contest.” Eurovision fans were quick to comment with Jack writing on Twitter: “This needs to be very much a Ukraine hosted Eurovision, just set in the UK. “The hosts, the interval acts, the postcards should all be Ukraine based. There can be a UK flavour for sure, but you have to respect Ukraines desire to host and the situation they are in.” Liam replied: “Just said the same thing. Mel Giedroyc would work as a UK presenter alongside Ukrainian hosts I reckon. Make it a true co-production.” Rhys Benjamin added: “Sad for Ukraine but #London2023 come on @BBC!” Alex Folks asked: “BBC please, please allow Ukraine to host here! Not just reflected in the show, Ukraine should be the main event.” The UK last hosted the competition in 1998 in Birmingham following Katrina and the Waves' victory with Love Shine A Light in 1997. It has been reported that if it comes to the UK, the Eurovision Song Contest will take place in Glasgow. Fans have estimated the Scottish city will host because the OVO Hydro has available slots for next May around the time Eurovision usually airs.