Lorraine Kelly, 62, has not been very happy with Prime Minister Boris Johnson, 57, since he snubbed her on Good Morning Britain last month. The presenter has taken to Twitter to hit out at the politician for failing to keep his promise to ban hunters from importing trophies of their kills. More than 100 celebrities, including Dame Judi Dench and Ricky Gervais, have urged Mr Johnson to honour his promise to ban hunters from bringing home trophies of their kills. Signatories to this letter were made three years ago with the pledge to "end this barbaric practice". However, since 2019 hunters have imported more than 600 trophies from endangered animals including lions, elephants, giraffes and hippos. Promises to change the law have featured in four Queen's speeches, but there has still been no legislation. READ MORE: Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak Lorraine inserted her opinion in response to Ban Trophy Hunting's Twitter post. It read: "7 years since #Cecil was shot. 3 years since the govt promised to ban trophies. 9/10 voters want the ban done now. "C'mon @BorisJohnson what are you waiting for?? #BanTrophyHunting #GetTheBanDone." (sic) Lorraine responded in view of her 704,100 followers, as she wrote: "Let’s 'get this done' - no more t*t-a**sing about." (sic) Many social media users took to the comments to share their view on the topic and the lack of action from the government. Theonlytait said: "Boris only cares about Boris." GarySharp added: "Sweary Lorraine is my favourite Lorraine." Lorraine's comments come after Mr Johnson snubbed her live on air on Good Morning Britain during an interview with Susanna Reid. DON'T MISS... Helen Skelton stuns in busty hot pink jumpsuit at Royal Ascot [PICS] 'Smoke and mirrors' Ben Shephard addresses break from ITV show [ITV] Tom Hanks rages as wife is almost knocked over amid health fears [HOLLYWOOD] Susanna told the Prime Minister that Lorraine was waiting, trying to terminate the interview, with Mr Johnson responding: "Who's Lorraine?" Lorraine brushed the comment off, as she replied: "Wow, thank you Susanna, a masterclass in a political interview, excellent stuff." Speaking in a recent interview, Lorraine addressed Mr Johnson's embarrassing snub. She said: "I have met him a couple of times - but clearly I didn’t make much of an impression. "But, absolutely, he can come on my show whenever he likes. We have asked him. But he hasn’t taken up our invitation so far. "He’s probably the first prime minister I’ve not interviewed. "David Cameron came on a few times and Theresa May, and the leaders of the opposition have many times", she told The Mirror. You can watch Lorraine weekdays on ITV from 9am