Arsenal have been told to sign Brentford striker Ivan Toney despite growing confidence in getting a deal done for Gabriel Jesus. Former Liverpool and Wales striker Dean Saunders believes Toney would be the ideal forward for Mikel Arteta. The 26-year-old scored 12 goals in his first season in the Premier League with Brentford. There were tentative links with Arsenal earlier this year. The Gunners are in the market for a striker following the departure of Alexandre Lacazette at the end of his contract. Eddie Nketiah has signed a new deal, meaning Arteta will most likely only sign one new forward. Manchester City star Jesus is the top target and a bid of £35million has already been rejected. The Evening Standard says there is increasing belief on Arsenal's part that an agreement can be struck with City, who are said to want nearer £50m for the 25-year-old despite his contract expiring in 12 months' time. READ MORE: Man Utd's planned next signing after Frenkie de Jong revealed as Erik ten Hag eyes glory  However, Saunders believes they should be looking elsewhere. He believes Toney is the type of striker Arsenal need to bring in to build on the project Arteta has started. Saunders said on talkSPORT: "If I was Arsenal, I'd sign Toney from Brentford. I would sign him from Brentford, sorry Brentford fans. "He's got rid of [Pierre-Emerick] Aubameyang, I think he did the right thing for the sake of the dressing room. He was undermining him every day and he's trying to build a club, young players, great players. "I think Arteta's on the right track. He would be a good signing. DON'T MISSRonaldo has ‘approved’ Man Utd signing but now the Glazers need to actLiverpool ready for Salah to quit club as Reds refuse to bow to wage demandsErik ten Hag 'pushing and pushing' Man Utd board to complete £73m summer transfer  "There are a few options and one of them is Ivan Toney. I would sign him if I was Arteta." Toney joined Brentford from Peterborough in 2020 and scored 31 league goals in his debut season for the club. He played a big part in Brentford earning promotion to the Premier League for the first time. Earlier this year, Arsenal legend Ray Parlour also endorsed the signing of Toney for his former club. “The strikers they’ll be looking at, they’ll also be looking at the other clubs interested in those strikers,” Parlour told talkSPORT. “You don’t want to be getting into bidding wars. How many clubs will be after Toney, if he’s available? That’s the sort of striker I would be trying to get at Arsenal.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here