Barcelona are 'ready to hand over' Frenkie de Jong now Manchester United have highlighted their willingness to pay up to £69million for the Dutchman, according to reports in Germany. The Red Devils are seemingly prepared to launch a blockbuster move for the 25-year-old upon the request of Erik ten Hag, who is refusing to give up on a reunion with his former Ajax star. De Jong has already made it clear he wishes to continue with Barcelona but the Spanish giants remain open-minded about a sale. That's because a sizeable fee from United would go a long way to helping Barca resolve their financial struggles off the field. According to Sky Germany's Marc Behrenbeck, United are continuing to probe for De Jong. So much so, that Barcelona are reportedly 'ready to hand him over' to the Red Devils. READ MORE: Benfica respond to Man Utd 'swap deal offer for Darwin Nunez' with counter proposal https://sport.sky.de/transfers United are willing to pay as much as £69m to get a deal over the line and the Dutch international would seemingly replace the departing Paul Pogba. De Jong has failed to reach the heights expected of him following his move to Barcelona in January 2019. Now Barca have decided they will consider a surprise sale, providing they can make their money back. United appear to have given up on the likes of Declan Rice and Kalvin Phillips following a lack of joy in their pursuit of the England internationals. READ MOREMan Utd can pay £2m more for better signing if Ajax star Jurrien Timber snubs transferBenfica respond to Man Utd 'swap deal offer for Darwin Nunez' with counter proposalLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting Instead, De Jong has become the subject of strong interest that is being driven by Ten Hag. Old Trafford chiefs have now held discussions with Barcelona, in which it's understood they have outlined their desire to spend big on the player. While away on international duty, De Jong recently confessed that his preference was to remain at Barca, in a blow to United. But it doesn't seem to have put Ten Hag off, with the United boss now encouraging a formal bid. "I have enough confidence in myself [to be a success at Barcelona]. I am not afraid," he said. "I recently spoke extensively with the trainer [Xavi]. That was a very good conversation. "I will not go into that [the links to United]. Not even about other names or clubs. I used to be naive and open-minded about it. I don’t do that anymore. I understand that that link is made. "That sum is not that difficult, it is logical. I have enjoyed working with Ten Hag at Ajax – and I can’t look into the future, of course. But I prefer to stay at Barcelona." United are yet to make any offers for any players ahead of the summer transfer window but that could soon change as the Red Devils remain on the trail for De Jong.