When it comes to signing Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona, Manchester United still have plenty of work to do. The Netherlands international is Erik ten Hag’s top target at Old Trafford as he looks to build a dynasty. However, as things stand, a move to the Premier League remains in the balance. Manchester United have lost Paul Pogba for a second time, with the France international leaving on a free transfer after six underwhelming years at Old Trafford. And Nemanja Matic has departed, too, with the Serbia international poised to join Jose Mourinho’s Roma. That leaves Ten Hag with just Scott McTominay, Fred, Bruno Fernandes, James Garner and Donny van de Beek as midfield options. So that’s why United are eyeing De Jong. With nothing set in stone, however, Express Sport will now take a look at three approvals Ten Hag needs in order to complete a deal. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer Some have suggested De Jong has been enticed by the prospect of playing for United. However, with the Netherlands international yet to publicly say that, it’s unclear what the truth is behind the scenes. De Jong has previously insisted he wants to stay at Barcelona, even if they’re ready to jettison him to balance the books. So if those comments are to be taken seriously, it appears United have work to do in order to bring him to Old Trafford. It’ll be difficult to lure De Jong to Manchester, especially with no Champions League football to offer. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links As things stand, United have been unable to agree a fee for De Jong. At the start of the summer, Barcelona insisted they wanted a massive fee close to £89million in order to cut the midfielder loose. But United don’t want to go that high. And that’s why they’re negotiating with Barcelona, hoping to get the La Liga titans to lower their demands. A fee of £68m is now being floated around but whether Barcelona accept an offer in that region is something only time will tell. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz The third approval Ten Hag needs is from the Glazers themselves. The Americans sign off every transfer at Old Trafford and, if the fee is reasonable, there should be no issues in that regard. Yes, the Glazers could do more as owners. They’ve played a part, a big part, in the club’s current plight. But they’ve also done their bit when it comes to signings, with the club spending over £1billion over the past decade. Therefore, it’s hard to see the controversial owners standing in the way of De Jong potentially arriving. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here If United do land De Jong, he’ll become their sixth signing from La Liga since Sir Alex Ferguson retired. With Louis van Gaal at the helm, Ander Herrera, Angel Di Maria and Victor Valdes all arrived. Under Jose Mourinho, the Red Devils snapped up Eric Bailly. And Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was successful in raiding Real Madrid for Raphael Varane just 12 months ago.