Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have made their first public appearance in the UK since deciding to step down from their senior positions in the Firm in 2020. Speaking to TalkTV, Angela Levin discussed the couple's visit to the UK and, in particular, their decision to wind the window down despite their ongoing privacy concerns. Ms Levin said: "I was very angry when they wound the window down of the car that they were carrying in, that was a blackout window and they wound that down and waved out of the window so everyone would see." She added: "They are people that fought for more security, the upmost security, yet they were happy to wind the window down and wave and why are they doing that?" She noted that Harry has previously said he "felt like he was in a zoo when he was in the Royal Family" so "what was he doing" waving out the car to all the people watching him. Ms Levin added: "Why would you want to do that if you hate being in a zoo and you think that's what you've been as a member of the Royal Family". READ MORE: Kate and Meghan caught in VERY frosty reunion seated metres apart in St Paul's – PICTURES She described it as "horrible". The royal biographer added: "Meghan's there with her huge hat, what was she celebrating?. "She's absolutely trashed the Royal Family. "She's made it very very difficult for all the senior members who actually have the discipline not to fight back". READ MORE: Harry and Meghan get BOOED as they arrive at St Paul's after 'enormous snub' to Queen In April, the Duke and Duchess were absent from the memorial service for Harry's late grandfather, Prince Philip. The service, which was held almost a year after his death aged 99, was attended by nearly 2,000 guests. Although there wasn't any statement released, the reason noted as to why Prince Harry chose not to attend was the Duke's security concerns for his family, which have led him to launch a case against the Home Office. Harry has previously said that it would be unsafe for him and his family to return to the UK, without having police protection officers in attendance. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry 'trying to control' Jubilee narrative after snub [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan's new TV show 'smacks of desperation' [VIDEO]Prince Andrew broke Philip's memorial plans by escorting Queen [ANALYSIS] Meghan and Harry made the decision to step down as senior working royals in January 2020. In their official stepping down statement, which they posted on Instagram, the couple declared that the decision came "after many months of reflection and internal discussions". They wrote that they intended "to step back as ‘senior’ members of the Royal Family" and to work to "become financially independent".