Lewis Hamilton has shaken off his back injury concerns by going for a run in Canada ahead of this weekend’s Grand Prix in Montreal. And he has also sent a message to his physiotherapist Angela Cullen to thank her for her help since last weekend’s race in Azerbaijan. Hamilton finished fourth in Baku last time out, but his Grand Prix was blighted by porpoising issues as his car bounced around throughout the race. And he had to be helped out of his car once proceedings had come to an end as he was experiencing severe back pain. There were doubts over whether Hamilton would even be fit enough to race at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve this weekend. But the superstar has revealed that he has used a routine of stretching, acupuncture and cryotherapy to ensure he is ready for the ninth Grand Prix of the season. Hamilton took to Instagram to post a picture of Cullen giving him treatment. And the caption read: “I'm forever grateful to have @cullen_angela with me on the road. I would be lost without her. We've been working each day stretching, acupuncture and cryo to recover. I'm feeling a lot better and today [have] been able to do my first run. Pushing through.” ROUND-UP: F1 news: Horner's Hamilton dig, Norris defends Lewis   The 37-year-old then appeared to be chomping at the bit to get back out on the track as he later posted a video of himself jogging with Cullen and his social media guru Daniel Forrest. Hamilton had received an overwhelming amount of support from his fans after racing in Azerbaijan but admitted he had found things tough. “Seeing online that a lot of people are concerned about me with how awful it looked out there today,” Hamilton wrote on Instagram after the race. “It means so much that so many of you are sending love. “I'll be honest it looks terrible and feels 100 times worse. Definitely some recovering and hard work with the team to do before Montreal to overcome this hurdle. Feeling better already, though, and motivated me to keep pushing. See you next week.” DON'T MISS...Mercedes gives George Russell goal after beating Lewis HamiltonF1 news LIVE: Toto Wolff has Mercedes promise, Russell's new target,Lewis Hamilton to be denied what he wants, warns ex-Mercedes boss     F1 teams were forced to redesign their cars over the winter amid a whole host of regulation changes. But some teams have since experienced significant porpoising issues, with Mercedes being particularly affected. And Hamilton has looked a shadow of himself since the season began. The Briton was locked in an intense battle with Max Verstappen last season as both drivers wrestled for glory. But he narrowly missed out on landing a record eighth world championship as Verstappen controversially won the last race in Abu Dhabi in December. But it’s been a different story this season and Hamilton has finished on the podium just once as he has fallen to sixth in the overall standings. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 