Liverpool legend Alan Kennedy says he feared he was going to die upon arrival at the Stade de France for the Champions League final in Paris, as he demands answers into the farce that saw supporters fearing for their own safety. The Reds icon has declared he would be willing to provide evidence during any enquiry into the events that marred the biggest game in club football.  Kick-off was delayed by 37 minutes due to issues surrounding entry to the stadium, while some fans with genuine tickets were refused entry on the night. Liverpool demanded a formal investigation into the events that unfolded after supporters were also tear-gassed by police. And Kennedy, who travelled to the French capital to watch the game with his son, says he is still haunted by the ordeal that left him fearing for his own life. “It was a scary night. It was the most frightening experience I have ever had in a football stadium," he told Eamonn Holmes on GB News.  “I was like every other supporter. At the time, I was finding my way into the stadium and my son was helping me along the way and we seemed to get funnelled into an end where there wasn't, there was no answer, there was no end to it. “And I eventually was hauled over a fence which must have been six to eight feet high by a couple of lads and my son and I were out of danger at that particular time but I'll tell you I was close to death.” French government official investigating the chaos have now admitted there are "many regrets" over the ugly scenes that have left a mark on 2022 final. Michel Cadot, the sports ministry’s delegate on major events, has also conceded that the relevant authorities were responsible for “an important failure that damages us." The initial bottleneck was caused by police vans that were parked across a wide walkway, leaving only a small gap for Liverpool supporters to gain access to the stadium. Some supporters, including children, had to be lifted to safety to prevent the risk of being crushed. “I was that scared. I've never been in that situation before and I never want to see it again,” Kennedy added. “And hopefully when they have this investigation, they will go through all people's [experiences] at that particular time and come up with hopefully the right answer. “I didn't think security was handled very well and particularly when you got to the actual ticket… “They were having problems that obviously there were one or two forgeries going about at that particular time but nobody seemed to be funnelling you in the right direction.” He continued: “No matter where I went, I had problems and again, being hauled over an eight-foot-high fence wasn't the ideal action, and it’s just as well I did because I think I would have been in real trouble. “So that was really the big, big problem… can I just say all the police, OK, who worked fine at the time, but they used the pepper spray a little bit too much for my liking. “They thought everybody was a troublemaker and they would instantly get it out and flashed it in your face.”