The Queen's granddaughter Princess Beatrice saw her original royal wedding plans derailed due to coronavirus restrictions, like many prospective brides and grooms. But the Royal Family rallied to create a special day Beatrice and Edoardo would never forget at the Royal Chapel of All Saints at the Royal Lodge in Windsor in July 2020. The Queen made sure her granddaughter had a magical day in the most regal way possible, by gifting her a famous gown from the royal archives. The Queen had previously worn the dress six decades ago for a performance of the film Lawrence of Arabia in 1962, but it was updated with puffed sleeves for Beatrice's big day. Made from Peau De Soie ivory taffeta and trimmed with Duchess satin, the gown was encrusted with plenty of diamantes for good measure. Miranda Holder, TV & Celebrity Style Expert, told Express.co.uk that Beatrice's wedding dress was the "perfect" 'something borrowed. She said: "There are so many wonderful things about Princess Beatrice’s wedding look. "The retro shape and the fact that she opted for a vintage, making it the perfect ’something borrowed’, having been loaned the Norman Hartnell piece by her grandmother, Queen Elizabeth II. The beadwork is understated but exquisite and the on-trend puff sleeves and square neckline bring the gown swiftly back to the relevant here and now."  READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan breaks silence over controversial Texas trip Beatrice is known to be incredibly close to her grandmother. And in addition to wearing the Queen's dress, the beautiful bride's wedding ensemble carried other subtle tributes to the monarch. The Queen had also got married in an iconic Hartnell gown back in 1947, and Beatrice wore the same tiara to her wedding that the Queen had worn for hers. Queen Mary's Fringe Tiara had only ever been worn by the Queen and her daughter Princess Anne for a royal wedding until Beatrice tied the knot two years ago. The diadem has distinct diamond spikes, and it was made from a necklace Queen Victoria gave Queen Mary for her wedding in 1893.   The tiara was a fitting choice for the elder York sister, who was named by her parents Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson after Queen Victoria's youngest child, Princess Beatrice. Beatrice's wedding dress went on display at Windsor Castle shortly after her fairytale nuptials, and Beatrice said on Twitter that it was an "honour" to wear the Queen's "beautiful dress" on her big day. Edoardo popped the question to Beatrice in 2019 while the couple were vacationing in Italy, and Beatrice debuted a stunning diamond ring that bore similarities to the one the Queen received from Prince Philip. Since her wedding, Beatrice has been seen wearing a wedding ring in a similar style to her engagement ring, and the ring's designer Shaun Leane told PEOPLE they had been "made for each other" and "there's a romance in that". 