Michael Gove is one of the most recognisable faces both in the Conservative Party and the halls of Westminster. During a political career that’s spanned nearly two decades, the 54-year-old has served in various cabinet positions, with his latest appointment becoming the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities. But where does he call home these days? Mr Gove currently resides in the Carlton Gardens residence, located in the City of Westminster, London. He moved into the property towards the end of 2021 at Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s insistence. The 1830 building was designed by architect John Nash and is reportedly worth around £25 million. READ MORE: Phil Spencer on ‘important’ part of the home that ‘adds value’  Historically, the residence is given to the Foreign Secretary, who at this moment is Liz Truss. However, she is said to be happy for him to live there. Ms Truss is currently sharing the Chevening House in Kent with Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab. In fact, Mr Gove is the first Cabinet minister with the relatively junior post of Housing Minister to be given a ‘grace-and-favour’ home. Mr Gove has been given this luxury as a result of security concerns.  A grace-and-favour home is a residential property owned by the monarch and leased, often rent-free, to individuals as part of an employment package or in gratitude for past services. The Prime Minister, Chancellor of the Exchequer and Chief Whip are all examples of political positions which come complete with a grace-and-favour residence. Since 1945 two floors of Carlton Gardens have been occupied by the Foreign Secretary as their official residence. This was after the then Labour Party politician Ernst Bevin complained about his ‘shabby flat’ in Downing Street.  DON'T MISS: 'Excruciating!' Labour slammed by Remoaner Campbell  [NEWS]Inside Zara Tindall's £750,000 estate in Gloucestershire with Mike [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of using 'not good' hypermiling techniques to save fuel [EXPLAINER] A ballroom, two dining rooms and a three-bedroom apartment are all contained within the property. Although Mr Gove has never occupied one of Whitehall’s four ‘great offices of state’ - No 10, No 11, Foreign Office and Home Office - he is widely seen as one of the most powerful figures in the Government. During Boris Johnson’s most recent Cabinet reshuffle last September he was tipped to take over as Home Secretary from Priti Patel but was instead appointed to his current role. Alongside his other responsibilities, of ‘levelling up’ the North the job involves attempting to bring greater prosperity to some of the poorest parts of the country.  Mr Gove won the seat for Surrey Heath as the Conservative candidate during the 2005 general election. Shortly after his election he was appointed to the first of a number of ministerial roles, he has served in his career, as shadow minister for housing and planning. Between 2010 and 2014 he held the position of education secretary for which he was criticised by teachers unions for his attempts to overhaul the English education system. During his time in Whitehall, he has also acted as chief whip of the House of Commons and unsuccessfully ran to become leader of the Conservative Party in 2016 and 2019 - finishing in third place on both occasions. 