Liverpool's forgotten star Takumi Minamino could be set for a fresh start away from Anfield with a move that could hand a £17 million boost to the Reds' transfer budget. Jurgen Klopp is in the midst of a hectic summer rebuild in attack, with a club-record deal close to being confirmed for Benfica forward Darwin Nunez. Sadio Mane is expected to depart, with the Senegal international entering the final year of his contract and the subject of reported approaches from Bayern Munich. The former Southampton star has enjoyed six successful seasons on Merseyside, but is said to be keen on finding a new challenge. Mohamed Salah is also down to the last year of his contract, with negotiations yet to produce an agreement on a new deal for the Premier League's Golden Boot winner. The 29-year-old has stressed he will not leave Liverpool this summer, but Barcelona and a host of Premier League rivals have been linked with a move next year. Roberto Firmino was limited to just 10 Premier League starts last season, and the Reds are yet to make a decision over the Brazil international's future. The former Hoffenheim forward was once an integral member of Klopp's attack, but has been overshadowed in recent months by January signing Luis Diaz and Diogo Jota. JUST IN: Liverpool hatch Darwin Nunez medical plan with £85m transfer 'all agreed'  Minamino has struggled to graduate beyond his peripheral role with the Reds since signing almost three years ago. The 27-year-old has scored 14 goals in 55 Reds' appearances, and was also allowed to leave on loan for Southampton last season. Fulham and Wolves are among the top-flight rivals credited with an interest in the Japan international, along with a potential return to the Saints. Now, French outlet FootMercato claim AS Monaco are 'very interested' in a move for Minamino this window. READ MORE  Liverpool 'make approach' as they seek to wrap up £6m signing as well as Darwin NunezDarwin Nunez to Liverpool 'may have just been confirmed' by owner of striker's former clubDarwin Nunez's Liverpool wages emerge with star telling friends £85m transfer is 'done'    The Ligue 1 club have just banked in excess of £65 million with the sale of star midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni to Real Madrid. Liverpool were linked with the France international, but the 22-year-old has agreed a six-year contract with the Champions League holders. The report claims the Reds have placed a £17 million price tag upon Minamino, who has two years left on his contract. Sporting director Paul Mitchell 'will try everything' to negotiate a deal for the fringe Liverpool star, with the expectation he will play a 'support' role to Wissam Ben Yedder, Sofiane Diop and Kevin Volland.   Minamino is one of several squad players who has been tipped to depart Anfield this summer, along with the likes of Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Nat Phillips and Neco Williams. Reports on Saturday indicate Liverpool have reached an agreement with Benfica for Nunez, with a deal potentially reaching £85 million. The Uruguay international has enjoyed a breakout campaign, netting 34 times in all competitions including two strikes against the Reds in their Champions League quarter-final clash. Manchester United and Newcastle United were both linked to Nunez, but it appears Liverpool have seen off competition for the in-demand forward. 