Maxim Sapozhnikov, who lives in Italy, posted on Instagram: "I have #monkeypox. I wasn't sure whether I should share about it in public [sic]. "But I believe that social awareness is more important than any stigmas. No illness is embarrassing." In what seems to be a domino effect, Maxim only got himself checked out by a medical professional when a doctor uploaded the warning signs on the social media app. Maxim explained: "I went to hospital and found out my diagnosis only thanks to Instagram. "Doctor Darien posted about monkeypox symptoms – it was a random publication in my feed, but it made me stop and rethink the symptoms I had." In a candid video, Maximum said: "Honestly, it is hard to recognise at the beginning because the first symptoms could be a flu. "It is headache and fever and, for me, it was a little bit of diarrhoea."  The blogger reported that by the third day, the fever had dissipated and he developed a "small pimple" on his finger. "Now, it's big. But, before, it was little." Maxim pointed out another lesion on his collarbone that also started out as a small pimple; these marks have now erupted elsewhere on his body. Monkeypox The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) explained that the monkeypox virus belong to the Orthopoxvirus genus in the family Poxviridae. The symptoms of monkeypox can include: There may also be a rash that resembles pimples, or blisters, that can appear anywhere on the face, or the body, including the inside of the mouth. "Sometimes, people get a rash first, followed by other symptoms. Others only experience a rash," the CDC noted. Monkeypox can spread from person to person, either through direct contact with an infectious rash, scabs, or body fluids. Or monkeypox can spread via respiratory secretions during prolong, face-to-face contact, or kissing, cuddling, or sex. Even touching clothing or linens that have come in contact with the infectious rash can spread the infection. "Pregnant people can spread the virus to their foetus through the placenta," the CDC added. People can also catch monkeypox from infected animals; the animal would either need to scratch or bite the person for the infection to spread. Or the infection could pass on to anybody who eats infected meat. "Monkeypox can spread from the time symptoms start until the rash has fully healed and a fresh layer of skin has formed," the CDC noted. "The illness typically lasts two to four weeks. People who do not have monkeypox symptoms cannot spread the virus to others." Anybody concerned they may have monkeypox should contact their local sexual health clinic. "Contact the clinic before visiting," the NHS advised, adding: "Stay at home and avoid close contact with other people until you've been told what to do."