Leadership challenges and confidence votes rarely end well for sitting Prime Ministers, when even a win can’t overshadow the fact the poisoned knife has already been stuck in. So what could happen next for Boris Johnson, and what parallels can we see in the downfall of his predecessor Theresa May? Theresa May faced a vote of confidence in her leadership on December 12, 2018 following months of infighting over her Brexit deal. The news was announced early that morning by Sir Graham Brady, who is still the chairman of the backbench 1922 Committee of MPs. Ms May needed a majority of 159 to win and stay in her role, and she succeeded with 200 MPs backing her. READ MORE: Boris Johnson approval rating worst in cabinet - what happens next? Her majority was bigger than Mr Johnson’s too, with 63 percent backing her and 37 percent against her. It was enough to see her through for the short term, but as we know things did not last for the former Prime Minister. Her hated Brexit deal still couldn’t win over the support of her party following multiple failed attempts to get it through parliament, and a disastrous result for the Tories in the European Parliament elections meant the jig was up for Mrs May. Despite declaring at the time of her win that she was on a “renewed mission”, she resigned just five months later. Four incumbent leaders in modern Tory party history have been formally challenged in the same way Mrs May and Mr Johnson were: Ted Heath in 1975, Margaret Thatcher in 1989 and 1990, Iain Duncan Smith in 2003 and May in 2018. Two of these leaders, Heath and Duncan Smith, were ousted immediately after they lost a private ballot of MPs. In both of those contests, the party had several potential successors waiting - and the case was the same for Mrs May in 2019. DON'T MISS'You need to keep Boris in power!' Jeremy Vine savages Labour MP [REPORT]Roger Gale warns Boris Johnson to face 'significant traps ahead' [INSIGHT]Boris unveils tax cut plan as PM braced for ministers to QUIT [REPORT] Mr Johnson was the obvious choice among party members, storming to a decisive win over his competitors to become the Prime Minister in 2019 and going on to win a landslide general election in December that year. But the water’s are murkier now. Jeremy Hunt, who has previously stood against Mr Johnson for the leadership in 2019, is currently touted as being the frontrunner to replace him should he finally give up. However, this is hardly a clear-cut contest. Rishi Sunak, who was long the favourite to succeed the Prime Minister in the event of his resignation, has fallen considerably behind after his partygate fine and a public dispute over his wife’s tax affairs. Liz Truss, who has climbed the ranks of the party quickly in recent years, has also been positioning herself for a leadership bid, but remains relatively unknown outside of Tory grassroots groups. Mr Johnson is bullish in his approach to governance, refusing to resign over a series of scandals in the last year, and those within the party are aware of his disregard for the conventions expected of Prime Ministerial resignations. But the cost of having so many rebels - 148 to be precise, or 41 percent of his MPs - sets a dodgy precedent for the coming important months of his premiership. Paul Goodman, editor of the ConservativeHome website and a former MP, said: “Boris Johnson winning Monday’s vote would be unlikely to solve his, the party’s or the country’s problems. “There are difficult by-elections to come, allegations pending and Commons’ committee investigation pending in the autumn. “It is disputed whether there is a Johnson loyalist base in the Commons, but there certainly is in the country. “They will cause problems for any successor if a stab in the back myth ever arises.”