Tottenham are set to help out Antonio Conte and Fabio Paratici in the transfer market by appointing Rangers chief scout Andy Scoulding to their recruitment ranks, according to reports. The north Londoners are expected to lead a large-scale spending spree over the coming weeks and months in order to step up their preparations for a renewed Premier League title challenge when the action gets back underway. Tottenham have already confirmed the arrivals of Ivan Perisic and Fraser Forster on free transfers from Inter Milan and Southampton respectively, with plenty of other high-profile names having been tipped to follow in the not-too-distant future. The club have now moved to aid their plans for the summer window by successfully convincing Scoulding to join them from Rangers, according to The Independent.It is claimed that Scoulding will make the switch to Tottenham later this summer, although his official job title is yet to be confirmed. He will arrive with a glowing reputation after playing a major role in shaping Rangers' fortunes over the last few years by putting his keen eye for a bargain to good use.Scoulding was responsible for spotting a lot of the talent that went on to become crucial members of the Ibrox club's title-winning side last year. The same team went on to reach last month's Europa League final against Eintracht Frankfurt, with the eleven players that started the match in Seville having cost around £12million in total. JUST IN: Man Utd's 'stance' on summer deals for Phillips, Kante and Bellingham Rangers managed to snap up the likes of Joe Aribo and Calvin Bassey for nominal fees during Scoulding's time in charge of recruitment in Glasgow. The former was signed on a free transfer from Charlton Athletic and is now a key cog in the machine for Giovanni van Bronckhorst's side, while the latter is widely expected to leave the club in a multi-million pound move to the Premier League this summer.It remains to be seen whether Scoulding will be able to work his magic alongside Conte and Paratici over the next few months, with Tottenham aiming to strengthen ahead of their return to the Champions League next season. They have recently been linked with a move for Manchester United forward Marcus Rashford, who has struggled to impress over the last few years, but former West Ham striker Frank McAvennie believes that there are better players out there for Spurs to consider. "I don’t know how you can be so good and so bad in the same season but that is just United at this point," McAvennie recently told Football Insider.“Maybe as a squad player he could do it at Tottenham, maybe, but United will ask for massive money to let him go and Tottenham can do better, I think." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here