This has led to a backlash as some trolls criticised the four-year-old's behaviour during the lengthy royal engagements. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to children’s behavioural specialists to find out what was potentially going through the Prince’s mind during the events of the day.  Gemma Arnold, a behaviour, wellbeing and mental health specialist, said: “Prince Louis was definitely comfortable enough to be himself and displayed all the self-confidence typical of a secure attachment and bond between him and his family. “He was, however, bored at times just waiting and watching! “This is totally normal and to be expected, as a four year old’s attention span is very short – only about 20 minutes!” When discussing the criticism the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have faced following his behaviour, Gemma added: “I think his behaviour was exactly how you should expect a four year old would be.  “He was playful, silly, entertained and stimulated and at other points bored waiting around and having to be still and contained.” Speaking about Kate Middleton and how she handled the situation, Gemma, a behavioural specialist at ToddlersTeensandBetween, added: “We can tell that their parents, especially Kate, are very hands on and involved in the lives of their children, shown through their relaxed and comfortable engagement as a family. “Kate did a fabulous job of a mother with a bothered and bored four year old by maintaining eye contact with Louis when he was having one of his moments and he seemed to feel comfortable to demonstrate his playful side to her. “She handled it beautifully, as this wasn’t a learning or teaching moment, nor was it the time to tell him off as he hadn’t actually done anything wrong, he was just bored and being a little cheeky!  READ MORE: Queen 'fought back tears' in moving end to Jubilee “They changed his environment in a calm and comfortable manner, by way of moving to sit on his grandfather Prince Charles’ lap and he was back to enjoying himself. It is evident that the Royal children are being educated in their role whilst being free to be fun and innocent children.” She added: “They do not seem to carry a heavy burden - for that we take our royal hats off to Kate and Will!” It comes as Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu launched an attack after lashing out at footage of Prince Louis appearing to “smack Kate” during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The outspoken commentator erupted on Twitter after quoting the footage, saying: “Meghan Markle would be damned to hell if Archie did this. No doubt Media would claim his ‘Black’ ancestry makes him ill-behaved & remind all that they descended from ‘cotton slaves’.  DON'T MISS:Prince Louis ‘on a real sugar high’ as he pulled faces at Kate [PICTURES]Princess Charlotte steps in to correct Prince George's etiquette [INSIGHT]Kate's 'hands-on' and 'nurturing' parenting style shown [ANALYSIS] "None would think it ‘cute’ ‘funny’ or give her parenting the benefit of the doubt as they have Kate.” The footage showed the young Prince making his mother laugh as he pulled faces, before appearing to push his hand into her face during the final pageant. Speaking of the other Cambridge children, Sophia Ziff, a children’s behavioural specialist, said Prince George and Princess Charlotte showed “much maturity for their years”. 