Michael Fireman is a personal trainer who has worked with celebrities such as Jeremy Paxman, Michael Gove and actress Josephine Bornebusch. He shared the best exercises for women who want to lose weight fast during menopause and explained that achieving this is not as hard as you think. Michael explained: "To give you the best chance in losing weight fast (losing fat) you need to put demand on your muscles with resistance training. This will help you to constantly burn fat during and after your workout by keeping your metabolism up for up to 48 hours." Other benefits of resistance training are "tightening of your skin and better posture," he said. Michael also pointed out that "muscle is important for optimal calorie burning, increased energy and dense bones." The personal trainer said it is "easy to do resistance training anywhere" and it "doesn’t have to happen in the gym". READ MORE: Kate Middleton has 'most popular diet' - 'had to work for attributes'  He recommended women use free weights or resistance bands as part of their strength training routine. During menopause, and in order to lose weight fast, women should be performing these exercises "three to five times per week for at least 15 mins," he explained. Michael said it is actually very easy for women to work out on a daily basis while doing other chores at home. The personal trainer explained: "Push-ups are one of the most effective body weight exercises a woman can do.  "That’s because push-ups work A LOT of the upper body muscles, especially the triceps (back of the arms)! "Muscle is active-calorie burning tissue that helps keep your metabolism burning. "You can do them daily and even in the kitchen while cooking!" he suggested. Michael added: "As the back of the arms can be a problem area for women it's worth knowing that doing push-ups directly TARGETS these muscles. "Bonus: you will also get a great core workout," he said. However, the ultimate way - and most effective - to burn fat is a full-body workout. The personal trainer explained: "If you didn’t know already, full-body exercises are the most effective way in losing weight/burning fat." This is because they "increase your heart rate more than isolated exercises". "Because the body needs to oxygenate more muscles at one time, it means the heart has to pump more blood around the body, equaling more calorie burn. "You will also create a base strength in all areas of the body and teach yourself correct technique and movement patterns," Michael explained.