The two black and tan German Shepherd pups were discovered by a shocked member of the public at Seven Kings Park, Ilford, on Sunday afternoon. RSPCA inspector Philip Heyes was called out to the puppies, one of which had already died. The other pup, who is just five weeks old and should still be with his mum, is now fighting for his life at one of the charity's veterinary hospitals. Mr Heyes said: “A passerby discovered the two tiny pups inside a cardboard box dumped in a hedge at the park while he was watching cricket nearby. "He heard a noise and went to investigate. “The puppies are only around five weeks old and both were very weak and sick. "He contacted us and went back to the park to check on them but, sadly, the second puppy had already died. "When I went to collect them the male was collapsed on top of his dead sibling; it was heartbreaking. “I rushed the surviving pup to our veterinary hospital where he was given emergency treatment. "He’s still on a drip and is receiving round-the-clock care. READ MORE: Rescue dog who ‘dreams of finding home’ marks one year in kennels "Thankfully his temperature has come down and he’s starting to eat on his own so I really hope he pulls through.” The little fighter has been nicknamed Truffle by veterinary nurses taking care of him and he has already been offered a loving home. The RSPCA has launched an investigation into the puppies being dumped to die. Mr Heyes said: “I’d like to speak to anyone who knows where these puppies have come from or who may have seen anything suspicious in the park on Sunday afternoon. DON'T MISSElderly rescue dog struggling in kennels desperate to find loving homeRescue dog overlooked as adopters put off by age and health issuesRescue dog who was kept in locked bedroom receives no applications “These pups were too young to be separated from their mother and were clearly not in a good way so to abandon them to fend for themselves is awful. "I’m now concerned about their mother and any other littermates who could also need veterinary treatment.” Anyone with information is asked to contact the RSPCA's appeal line on 0300 123 8018.