Arsenal have upped the ante in their pursuit of Leeds winger Raphinha as they look to beat Tottenham and Chelsea to a deal, according to reports. The Gunners have identified the Brazilian as one of their priority targets now that the transfer window is open and Leeds are ready to sell their star man, providing their £48million valuation is met. Arsenal are looking to bolster their forward options and the signing of Raphinha would certainly elevate their attack to the next level. The 25-year-old scored 11 times and assisted three goals in 35 Premier League outings last season at Elland Road. Yet there's an expectation he could now move on to pastures new after two seasons in Yorkshire, despite helping Leeds to survival on the final day of the season with a 2-1 win at Brentford. According to Spanish journalist Toni Juanmarti, Arsenal are now making strides to beat their fellow rivals to the Brazilian international. The report makes it clear that Arsenal, Tottenham and Chelsea are all interested in signing Raphinha but 'it's the Gunners who are moving with more intensity in recent days.' READ MORE: Arsenal 'on course' to complete transfer after Tottenham strike Yves Bissouma agreement READ MORE: Arsenal 'on course' to complete transfer after Tottenham strike Yves Bissouma agreement Mikel Arteta and Edu are yet to make any progress in the transfer market and the Gunners won't want to be left behind in the race for Champions League football next season. Tottenham have already wrapped up two signings in Ivan Perisic and Fraser Forster, while a £25m deal has also been struck with Brighton for Yves Bissouma. Liverpool have also concluded an £85m deal to sign Darwin Nunez and champions Manchester City have purchased Erling Haaland from Borussia Dortmund. Although Chelsea and Manchester United are yet to move in the market, there will already be concerns in north London that Arsenal need to get to work shortly. DON'T MISSArsenal 'on course' to complete transfer after Tottenham strike Yves Bissouma agreementArsenal and Tottenham 'offered chance' to sign Barcelona reject after cut-throat Xavi callMan Utd and Arsenal have chance to sign budget-friendly back-up Premier League striker That said, the signs regarding Raphinha are looking very promising as Edu launches a charm offensive for the Selecao international. Raphinha would ideally like to play Champions League football though, something that is not currently on offer at Arsenal. He has been close to joining Barcelona for several weeks, however, but the Spanish giants are yet to table a suitable offer. Barca are still combating financial struggles off the field and there are doubts as to whether they can afford to pay the kind of money Leeds are asking for. It's opened the door for Premier League clubs to pounce and Arsenal are seemingly right in the mix. Raphinha recently admitted that playing time will have a huge say on his decision ahead of this summer's World Cup in Qatar as he is desperate to make Tite's squad. "If I said it doesn't matter, I'd be lying, especially knowing that there are less than six months to go until the World Cup," Raphinha said. "I have to be active at the club where I am, this weighs on my decision, but I am confident in my potential. "If it is to continue at Leeds or to leave, I am going to give my best, find my space and I am going to try be well for the World Cup."