Countryfile presenter Helen Skelton, 38, took to Instagram to like a post of Anne Marie's performance at BBC Radio 1's Big Weekend concert. The short video showed a clip of the singer performing her song which mocked an ex-boyfriend, with Helen liking the post. It comes just weeks after the mum-of-three announced her split from husband Richie Myler, 31. BBC Radio 1 took to Instagram to share a short clip of Anne Marie's performance at their Big Weekend concert, which was captioned: "Sorry not sorry." They captioned the clip: "Me to my ex." In the video, Anne-Marie sang the lines from her new single, I Just Called: "I just called to say... I hate you." Helen liked the post, along with 12,557 others, in view of BBC Radio 1's 1.5 million followers. READ MORE: Camille Vasquez named star of trial by fans as Johnny Depp wins case This comes after Helen announced she had split from her husband in late April. In an emotional social media post, she penned at the time: "Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. "He has left the family home. "We will be doing our best to co-parent our small children." She concluded the message with two broken heart emojis. Helen and Richie married in 2013, and share Ernie, six, Louis, five and Elsie Kate, five months. The presenter appeared to be in high spirits after being pictured at Steph McGovern's birthday celebrations last weekend. Helen looked amazing as she posed alongside the likes of Russell Kane, Kerry Katona, John Whaite and Denise Van Outen. DON'T MISS... Johnny Depp spotted again in UK after victory against Amber Heard [PICS] Jane Seymour, 71, showcases curves in figure-hugging red swimsuit [INSTAGRAM] Gary Lineker slammed for jibe about Johnny Depp and Amber Heard trial [OPINION] The Countryfile host sported a ruffled cropped white top, exposing her taut abs, paired with low rise skinny black jeans. Adding colour to her outfit, Helen wore duck egg stiletto heels, while styling her blonde tresses in a straight look. Denise took to Instagram to share pictures of the Steph's Packed Lunch team as they posed at the party. In the pictures, there were two including Helen who appeared to be in high spirits as she partied the night away. Helen is a television presenter, best known for appearing on Countryfile, while Richie plays as a scrum-half and fullback for Leeds Rhinos, as well as for England on an international level. The star previously revealed she gave birth to her son Louis all alone in France, with only her eldest child Ernie for company, as Richie was in England at the time. In a terrifying turn of events, a team of medical professionals couldn’t make it to her on time, which meant that she had to give birth on the kitchen floor surrounded by firemen. She told Lorraine Kelly last November: “Nobody wants a load of gorgeous French firemen at their feet while they're delivering a baby, which is what I had… “They'd never done that before and were so excited. I just said, 'Get back around my head please'.” The presenter welcomed the couple's daughter earlier this year.