Sir John Curtice warned Boris Johnson might no longer be an “electoral asset” to the Tories weeks ahead of two pivotal by-elections. He revealed polls show that over two-thirds of the country believe the Prime Minister “internationally broke the lockdown rules” and warned that “this is an issue that has emotional resonance for voters”. Speaking with LBC host Nick Ferrari, Mr Curtice said: “I think there’s certainly room for reasonable doubt about whether or not Boris Johnson is still an electoral asset to the Conservative Party. “The nub of the issue is that according to polls including those done 10 days ago and those going back to December and January, around three-quarters of people believe that he has not told the truth about Partygate. “And that he has misled the House of Commons. “And indeed about two-thirds of people think that he intentionally broke the lockdown rules. “It wasn’t just an accident. “This is an issue that has emotional resonance for voters. “Because many of them remember the sacrifices that they made. “Sacrifices they feel that Boris Johnson wasn’t willing and able to make. READ MORE: Boris snub leaves ‘Brexiteers furious' as expert brands PM a ‘loner’ “And that therefore is something that they do connect with it. “It isn’t just simply a Westminster bubble.” He also added: “Maybe he can turn around. “Maybe his traditional charm, charisma will enable him eventually to win voters around. DON'T MISS: Devastated family ordered to demolish summerhouse and 'eyesore' fence [WATCH]Furious Dr Shola erupts after Prince Louis 'smacks Kate' [LISTEN]Trans cyclists beat women riders in new ‘inclusive’ race [INSIGHT] “But that is the challenge that’s facing him and his party. “And I don’t think we can be sure that it will be a project that necessarily ends successfully”. The claims came as results from yesterday’s confidence vote in Boris Johnson showed that the Prime Minister won the ballot by winning 211 votes to 148. Despite 41 percent of his MPs have voted against him, under the rules of the 1922 Committee Boris Johnson is theoretically safe from another leadership challenge for a year. Boris Johnson’s ballot result was compared to Theresa May’s conference vote held in 2018 which saw the former PM winning by 200 votes to 117, but being forced to leave the office just six months despite winning the ballot.