According to the Department for Transport, there are currently 30,920 recorded electric vehicle charging points across the UK - up 33 percent year-on-year. However, in some areas of the country, there are just two charging points for every 100 drivers, showing the need for greater infrastructure. Unsurprisingly, London has the most charging points of any region in the UK, having around 13 chargers per 100 ultra-low emission vehicles (ULEVs). This is closely followed by the North East, with 11 charging points per 100 licenses. However, the South West ranks bottom of the list where there are just two recorded charging points per 100 vehicles. There are a total of 2,091 chargers, despite being home to 85,533 EVs - the second most of any region in the UK. READ MORE: New law will force homes to have an electric car charger next week Helen Robinson, corporate communications director at Euro Car Parts, commented on the data, acknowledging the need for greater investment into EV chargers in the UK. She said: “It’s great to see the number of licenses and infrastructure surrounding ULEVs rising year on year in the UK as the country looks to a more sustainable future. “However, the data is clear that we’re still not ready for an EV future. “In order for the transition from petrol or diesel to electric to be successful, the UK must be able to meet the demand and provide ample charging points for drivers.” DON'T MISSElectric car drivers report staggering change in driving attitudes [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of massive £2,500 fines for having Jubilee decorations [WARNING]EU car ban: MEPs vote to ban all petrol and diesel car sales [IMPORTANT] The Maidstone DVLA area (which includes Kent) had the highest share of EV registrations in May, alongside Oxfordshire. Amid a slump in new car registrations in May, electric cars continued to grow in popularity. EVs were the only fuel type that saw growth in both the absolute numbers and market share. A total of 13,339 pure electric vehicles were registered in May 2022, increasing the market share to 12.31 percent, up from 8.43 percent this time last year. Ben Nelmes, Co-Founder and Head of Policy at New AutoMotive, said: “Amid global supply chain disruption and a cost-of-living crisis driving people away from petrol and diesel, it’s encouraging that electric cars continue to grow in popularity. “Electric cars are a great way to beat the rising cost of petrol and diesel. “Driving a mile in an electric car is around a fifth of the cost of driving a mile in a petrol or diesel car. “While the steady growth of electric cars is welcome, the UK can and should be going faster. “Ministers need to make the UK the best place for manufacturers to sell their electric vehicles, and a strong California-style ZEV mandate which will drive up car sales is the first step.“ By 2030, the UK expects to reach 300,000 public electric vehicle chargepoints. This is equivalent to almost five times the number of fuel pumps on our roads today. This will be done through a £2.5billion cash injection from the Government, with Transport Secretary Grant Shapps reaffirming commitments to ensuring all regions are equipped to make the electric switch. As part of this, £500million has been pledged to transform local on-street charging and boost reliability.