Michael Owen has outlined his fears over the prospect of watching his daughter Gemma 'kissing a lad' on Love Island. The appearance of the England and Liverpool legend's eldest daughter on the popular ITV dating show has dominated social media in recent days. Gemma has already attracted controversy for her behaviour on Love Island's eighth series, with former contestants Marcel Somerville, Amber Gill, and Chloe Burrows among those to criticise the 19-year-old for her behaviour so far. The teenager angered ITV2 viewers with her attitude to Liam Llewellyn, who she was initially paired with before moving on to Davide Sanclimenti. Owen was out of the country on punditry duty for Channel Four's coverage of England's opening two Nations League fixtures for the start of the latest Love Island season. However, the former Newcastle United and Real Madrid striker has now watched one episode of the show, and has opened up on his concerns having seen his 'pride and joy' climb into bed with a man eight years her senior. DON'T MISS: Michael Owen savages journalist over fashion sense during Germany vs England punditry duty  Michael told the Daily Mail: "I said to Louise [Owen's wife], “do they really have to sleep together, like in the same bed?”. She said “yes”. I said “I did not bank on this”.’ Luckily for me, there was no physical contact. Gemma had her back to the guy. "There was space between them. I thought, “Good girl”. No father wants to see physical contact, do they? I certainly don’t. "If there is physical contact I think I’ll be throwing something at the screen. I don’t want to see kissing. Do not make me see kissing!" READ MORE  Michael Owen compares Declan Rice with Liverpool icon Steven GerrardJordan backs Owen and says 'undeniable' Liverpool are 'best in Europe'Owen savages journalist over fashion sense during Germany vs England punditry duty    Owen has revealed how his family reacted to the approach from Love Island's producers six weeks ago, with Gemma drawing up a pros and cons list. The teenager looks set to have a bright sporting future, with her passion for dressage leading her to represent Team GB at the European Championships in Spain last year with her horse Sirius Black. Gemma has also become more active in recent months on social media, having formed a beachwear design company after studying business at college. But following a lengthy discussion with her mum Louise, the teenager decided to take up the ITV producers despite holding her own reservations.  Owen explained: "That was one of the things she was most worried about, the kissing tasks they get set. I didn’t know anything about the show, but the worry was that she’d have to kiss this lad and that lad and the next. "I was away so didn’t see the first episode, but her mum told me there was a possibility she’d have to do a dance — a lap dance or something — which Gemma would have been uncomfortable about. But I guess the longer she is in, the more relaxed she will be about that sort of thing." 