Tuesday saw the sixth day of hearings being presented to the committee investigating the circumstances of the riots. Details about the former President’s behaviour on the day of the insurrection emerged on Tuesday as aides told their version of events. During the riots, four people died and over 100 police officers were injured, with one dying the following day and four more died by suicide in the aftermath of the events. Cassidy Hutchinson, 25, appeared at the hearing via live stream and served as a senior aide to Trump’s chief of staff, Mark Meadows. She described the President as frustrated that his detail would not take him to the Capitol as the riots were underway. Ms Hutchinson quoted Trump saying: “I’m the effing President, take me up to the Capitol now.” According to her testimony, the former President had to be restrained and controlled by a Secret Service agent after Trump attempted to grab the neck of agent Robert Engel from the back seat. It was also said that the then President tried to grab the steering wheel of his limousine. Trump and his Chief of Staff were reportedly unfazed by the siege on the Capitol and the shouts of “hang Mike Pence!” Ms Hutchinson testified that Mr Meadows said that Trump “thinks Mike deserves it”. READ MORE: Self-driving cars: Do you trust them? POLL During the riots, Trump had tweeted about Pence’s ineffectiveness to challenge Joe Biden’s presidential victory. The former top aide also said that the senior staff at the White House and confidants of Trump dismissed the threats of violence ahead of the riots. In response to being told his supporters outside the White House were carrying guns, the President reportedly responded saying: “I don’t care if they have weapons. They’re not here to hurt me.” Days before the riots on January 2, Trump’s lawyer Rudy Giuliani asked Ms Hutchinson: “Are you excited for the 6th? It’s going to be a great day. We’re going to the Capitol. The President’s going to be there.” DON'T MISS: Self-driving cars: Do you trust them? POLL (POLL)An American dream that turned into a nightmare (INSIGHT)Russia’s chilling threat to Western allies (INSIGHT) He added: “Things might get real, real bad on Jan 6”. The former aide said: “That evening was the first moment that I remember feeling scared, and nervous for what was happening on Jan 6.” The former President has tweeted about Ms Hutchinson’s testimony saying she is “bad news” and “I hardly know who this person, Cassidy Hutchinson is, other than I heard very negative things about her”.