Ex-England under-20s rugby ace Sophie Elsworthy has admitted she wants to see better coaching for young girls playing the sport. Elsworthy was speaking live to our assistant head of social Pandora Forsyth as part of Express Sport’s Women in Sport series #SheCan. Elsworthy, who has worked as a press officer for Loughborough Sport, the Harlequins correspondent for London 24 and a sports reporter for IBT Media and who is co-founder and current chief executive of InsightX Ltd, says she had to play for a boys’ team when she was growing up, before travelling an hour to play for a women’s team. “First of all, it’s never a straight line,” Elsworthy said as she spoke about her career. “When we start out at school, you’re told at the age of 14 or 15 to pick what you want to do for the rest of your life. I was fairly sure I wanted to be a sports journalist. “I love sport, I’m fairly good at writing - it seemed like the obvious choice to me. And I thought that if I just worked hard, I would just become a sports journalist. And actually that wasn’t necessarily the case and I had to take a whole load of different opportunities along the way and spot the opportunities that would eventually take me there. But it included a lot of work that wasn’t in that particular industry.   “My love of sport started as long as I can remember. From the age of four I think I first started playing rugby and I played that alongside everything else - hockey, swimming, I was big into my athletics. I was a tennis coach at 14 and a cricket coach as well. I taught quick cricket to kids. So sport has really been in my blood. “I did everything and after a while, as is normally the case, you’ve got to choose to specialise somewhere. I didn’t have enough hours in my week to do all the sport that I wanted to. So I focused on rugby. “I had to play in a boys’ team - there were no local women’s teams at the time. I played slightly overage in a boys’ team. I was the captain of a local boys’ team up to the age of 13. And eventually I had to travel a really long way to play women’s rugby. I had to travel the best part of an hour to train on a cold Tuesday night in Thurrock, in Essex.    “From that point onwards I was picked up by various scouts for county, for region and eventually joined a talent development group for England. And following my dreams of being a sports journalist, I went to Loughborough University so I could surround myself with sport. I wrote about it as much as possible, studied English. And I was eventually called-up to represent the under-20s.” Elsworthy eventually pursued her sports journalism career instead of rugby. But she admits she wouldn’t be faced with such a difficult choice if she was making a career decision today. “I see these girls running out now at Twickenham - I never got to play at Twickenham,” she added. “That could have been me if I held on. I made a very conscious decision but I wouldn’t have had to make that decision if I was born a few years further on. And being a sports journalist would have gone hand in hand because I would have had my rugby career and then afterwards I could have become a sports journalist or a pundit.” To watch Elsworthy chatting to Forsyth and hear about her experiences in full, visit the Express Sport Facebook page by clicking HERE. 