NBC’s long-running series Law and Order SVU came to an end in May after premiering its 23rd finale. As fans eagerly await season 24, the showest newest showrunner David Graziano took to Instagram to pay tribute to the crew and share a huge update.  When Law and Order SVU wrapped up, it was revealed the show's executive producer and showrunner Warren Leight would be leaving the series. After serving on the drama for eight years, he took to Twitter to announce his departure. In the lengthy post, he thanked fans, the crew and the cast, then shared: “The last two years of show running during a pandemic have been arduous, and I’ve decided to take a break.” After Elliot Stabler’s (played by Christopher Meloni) shocking exit, Leight was able to shift the audience’s focus as he built the series around Mariska Hargitay’s Olivia Benson. READ MORE: Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes' With fans awaiting the premiere of season 24, last week Deadline revealed Graziano had succeeded Leight’s role as the new showrunner. On Wednesday, he took to Instagram and revealed the crew were straight back into the job with a major new update. Alongside a candid photo behind the scenes, the showrunner captioned it: “Court is now in session. “Jean Paul Sartre once said: ‘Hell is other people.’ But if you ask me, the b*****d was dead wrong.”  Referring to his photo, Graziano added: “EXHIBIT A: Yesterday was the first official day of the writer’s room for SVU Season 24 - and this group of talented folks made it a special kind of heaven indeed.” Thankfully for fans, the writers headed back to work in a timely manner as NBC confirmed Law and Order SVU would return to screens later this year. Fans flooded the showrunner’s comment section with praise and excitement for the upcoming instalment. This included @natalieeee_johnson who wrote: “Can’t wait to see what’s in store for our favourite elite squad in [Law and Order].” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Tracy Barlow kills again in Ken Barlow twist [THEORY]Law and Order OC blunder: Stabler made huge continuity error [BLUNDER] Law and Order SVU theory: Real reason Benson fails in romance exposed [THEORY] An excited @Ashley_Writes28 commented: “Congratulations! Excited to see what you bring us in season 24!” @newsgirlsarah94 stated: “Welcome to SVU glad you are here!! I’m ready for season 24.” Another viewer @evilqueensiren shared their best wishes: “This sounds like the dream! Can’t wait to see your vision come to life. “As a fan of this show for over 17 years, my hopes are high for the new life you will bring to the show and it’s beloved characters.“  They concluded: “There’s such a rich history that needs acknowledgement and conversations that need to happen between Olivia and Elliot, I have the utmost faith that you can do it justice.” A number of loyal fans also shared hopes of a romance between Elliot and Olivia, after the show had hinted at it on numerous occasions. While others wished for more crossover episodes with the franchise’s two other Law and Order shows. As showrunners have remained tight-lipped about a potential storyline, fans can expect Benson and her team to be compassionate to the victims of sexual assault crimes. Law and Order SVU is available in the US on NBC. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 