 With Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky repeatedly calling on Western powers to send more weapons, the arrival of German artillery will provide a boost to Ukraine’s defences. During the early stages of the war, Germany was hesitant in sending weapons to Ukraine over fears of a diplomatic or military spat with Russia, choosing initially to send protective helmets to Kyiv.   Defence analyst Nicholas Drummond noted: "It took a while, but heavy German weapons are now in Ukraine dropping warheads on Russian foreheads. Well done, Germany!" Tweeting about the arrival of the weapons, Ukraine’s Defence Minister Oleksii Reznikov wrote: “The German Panzerhaubitze 2000 are finally part of the 155 mm howitzer arsenal of the Ukrainian artillery.” The Minister went on to thank his German counterpart Christine Lambrecht for the delivery of the much-needed weapons. Germany promised the delivery of seven Howitzers in May, with the Netherlands expected to provide an extra five pieces. France has also provided Ukraine with similar weapons which have already been deployed to the front lines.  Mr Reznikov went on to explain the delivery was “an example of international cooperation in support of Ukraine.” The Panzerhaubitze 2000 are some of the most powerful artillery weapons in the German military's stock. The howitzers can hit targets located up to 40 kilometers (25 miles) away.In addition to the recent delivery of seven howitzers, the German Defence Ministry said it had sent 14,900 anti-tank mines, 500 STINGER air-defence missiles and 2,700 anti-aircraft missiles. Furthermore, Germany had supplied Ukraine with 16 million rounds of ammunition for handguns, as well as 100,000 hand grenades, to name only some of the most notable entries on the list. Under nonlethal supplies, Germany has already provided materials including, but not limited to, 175 vehicles (including trucks, buses and off-road vehicles), 23,000 combat helmets, 10,000 sleeping bags, 1,200 hospital beds and 100 tents.  READ MORE:Putin goes nuclear and tries to choke Europe into submission Germany had previously come under fire for its hesitation in supplying weapons to Ukraine. The German government defended the delays by saying it needed to ensure that Ukrainian troops received training on the new weapons systems and that defence industry protocols needed to be radically changed to accommodate the deliveries. In spite of the delivery of the Howitzers, several other shipments promised to Ukraine earlier in the year have yet to be dispatched. Included in the weapons yet to be sent to Ukraine are air defence systems and rocket launchers.  DON'T MISS:Putin readies horror 'Satan 2' nuke for deployment [REVEAL]Hero Ukrainian snipers wipe out 300 Russian troops [REPORT]Russia's attempt to restock its military doomed [INSIGHT]  Speaking of the delivery, German Chancellor Olaf Scholz said: "This is necessary now. “It was the right thing to decide now and in this situation.” Mr Scholz said that Russia must end the war and stressed Ukraine's right to exist. He added: "Everything we do is aimed at that. Read more stories like this by following Express.co.uk Defence and Security Correspondent James Lee on Twitter @JamesLee_DE  The US has recently announced a further $1billion (£800million) worth of arms, including MRLS and HIMARS rockets systems, as well as further Howitzer cannons. Added to this is a significant sum dedicated towards humanitarian assistance, with food, medicine and shelter playing a large part of the budget. Over 5.5 million Ukrainian refugees have fled the country since the start of the war, yet major cities such as Kyiv are starting to see a return to normal in spite of ever-decreasing sporadic strikes on the city. 