Three Mobile is hiking up prices for Pay As You Go (PAYG), with the cost of calls rising by over three times. At the moment Three's PAYG customers pay 10p per minute for calls to all UK mobiles, standard UK landlines (starting 01, 02 or 03) as well as for Three voicemail. But next month this is changing, with a new 35p per minute charge kicking in from July 12. That's an increase of over threefold, and calls aren't the only area Three Mobile is raising prices. Both texts and data usage are also getting a price rise, with the cost of sending an SMS message going up from 10p a text to 15p. While UK mobile data usage is going to surge from 5p per MB to 10p. In the run-up to these price rises kicking in Three has launched a new website that details everything customers need to know. The site says: "From 12 July 2022, some of our standard Pay As You Go rates in the UK will change. "If you're activating a Pay As You Go account after this date, the pricing will already be in place." Three also has been informing affected customers of these changes directly. As ISPreview reported, these text messages said: "If you would like to disconnect your Pay As You Go services with us because of these changes, you have the right to exit. You may also be eligible for a refund of any outstanding credit. Refund requests must be made no later than 17/07/2022. For full details, go to 3.uk/2ma." If you're now on the lookout for another mobile provider after hearing of these price rises, you have a number of options. One of these is 1pMobile, who offer a classic Pay As You Go experience where - as the name suggests - everything is priced at 1p. Calls to UK landlines and mobiles is 1p a minute, texts are 1p per message and data usage is priced at 1p a MB. If you're wondering if this is too good to be true, hold your horses - the good news doesn't stop there! The 1pMobile service piggybacks off the EE network, and that's great as EE regularly tops the tables in studies that look at the UK's best mobile networks. Besides all of these great perks, you have no contract to sign, no monthly commitment and no notice. So you have the flexibility to quit whenever you want if you're unhappy with the service. If you want to find out more about 1pmobile or are already sure you want to sign up then click here.