Freddie Flintoff is known for putting himself forward for a host of hair-raising stunts in Top Gear while Paddy McGuinness and Chris Harris watch on. In the second instalment of series 32, Freddie tackles a Norwegian luge track in a converted Sinclair C5. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Freddie and co-star Chris Harris, who had a front-row seat for the stunt, open up about the dangerous challenge. The Top Gear team transform a Sinclair C5 electric car into a bobsleigh in tribute to inventor Clive Sinclair who died last year. However, Freddie revealed the stunt didn’t quite go to plan as he opened up on the scariest moment in the series. He said: “Landing on my head on the bobsleigh was probably the hairiest [moment] I’ve had on the series. “I was practising in a monobob and I’d not been down it many times and it was coming to the last corner.” Read more: Top Gear's Chris Harris rates Jaguar Mark 2 as best classic cop car “My foot slipped off the thing and then rather than keep my eyes on where I was going on I thought, ‘What’s that?’ And the next minute my hand was on the ice and I had to push up and right myself.” Chris poked fun at his co-host and pointed out Freddie kept “talking” while in this precarious position. “By the way as his head is on the ice, you'd expect him to be screaming or be quiet – he’s talking,” Chris remarked. “‘I’m not sure I should be doing this’ [he said] 60 miles an hour with his head on the ice.” The former English cricketer revealed he had previously tried out skeleton racing but this was completely different. “I think [skeleton is] faster but you don’t do [anything]. Skeleton you just lie there and go fast,” Freddie noted. “This one you had to drive it with pullies and going from the monobob to the Sinclair C5 was difficult.” “It was so much fun it really was,” the Top Gear host added. DON'T MISSChris Harris speaks out on making changes to Top Gear [INTERVEW]Top Gear's Chris Harris details painful injury [VIDEO]Paddy McGuinness halted from Top Gear feature by bosses [INSIGHT] Chris admitted he was concerned when he first laid eyes on the converted Sinclair C5. “It's a bit like watching one of your kids you want to push them maybe to a place they wouldn't go to so they experience something,” he quipped. “But there is this sort of protection where you think, ‘I hope he hasn’t hurt himself.’ “When I'd seen the footage of him on the side I thought, ‘I’m not sure about this.’” “And then when they rolled out the Sinclair C5 I thought, ‘I really hope the people that made this know what they're doing otherwise it does look unusually like a coffin.’” Elsewhere in the second episode, Freddie, Chris and Paddy McGuinness try out an infamous TV cop car each. The trio get a chance to make their own thriller trailers before going head-to-head in a thrilling police chase. Top Gear airs on BBC One on Sunday at 8pm.