Wandering into your garden to find your hanging basket flowers have started to wilt can leave gardeners disheartened, but it doesn't have to spell the end for your blooms. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Tom Hilton, director of outdoor and indoor gardening specialists, National Greenhouse, said: "If your hanging basket has been crying for some water, and you’ve let it dry out mistakenly, there’s still hope. "As long as you catch it in its early wilting stage. "The first thing to do is to take the hanging basket off the hook and put it in a shaded area to avoid drying out even further, especially in warmer weather. "You should water it when it’s in the shade at least once a day, making sure the soil is fully saturated and refreshed." Depending on how dehydrated your flowers have become, Marcus Eyles, horticultural director at Dobbies Garden Centres said: "Giving the basket a good soak will help to rehydrate it and bring it back to life." One easy way to confirm you have given your plant enough water is by how much water runs through the soil and out the bottom of the plant. READ MORE: How to clean windows and leave them 'sparkling' Mr Hilton explained: "Look out for water running out of the bottom when watering, this will assure you’ve given it enough. "If the plant is still in time for a revival, you should see it spruce up within a few days, as long as you keep watering daily in the shade." He also recommended using this time to get rid of any dead leaves and stems. According to Mr Hilton, this will ensure "water and nutrients aren’t being needlessly wasted and distributed to dead parts of the plant". DON'T MISSLawn tips: How to to ‘thicken’ lawns and ‘crowd out weeds’ [INSIGHT]DEAL OF THE DAY: Groupon slashes 80% off garden furniture & equipment [DEAL]Plant warning: Planting flowers in the wrong spot can 'spread disease' [COMMENT] The best way to avoid a wilting hanging basket is by making sure it is getting exactly the right amount of water. Both too much and too little hydration could have a major impact on the overall health of your hanging plants. Sarah Dixon, acting head of marketing at Hozelock, told Express.co.uk: "The majority of plants like to live in moist soil that is constantly damp, but not wet. "However, some plants prefer much drier living conditions, so try and take the time to learn each plant’s needs to ensure you aren’t over or under-watering. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea "A good gauge for whether they have received enough is when water begins to appear from the bottom of the hanging basket. "This deep watering ensures all of the soil has a supply of water and encourages the roots to grow further down to make your plants stronger and healthier." Mr Eyles also recommended using a finger test to determine whether your plants are after a little more liquid. He explained: "If you touch two inches into the soil and it feels dry, then it’s time to water. "If the draining hole on the base of your pot is dry, then that tends to be an indication that your hanging basket is underwatered. "Also if you lift your basket up it should feel a good weight. "You should be watering hanging baskets regularly, keeping soil moist to avoid it drying out."