Three Jack Russell Terriers are believed to have crawled under the fence and got onto the playground as children arrived at St Thomas More Voluntary Catholic Academy, near Anlaby Park, Hull, on Friday. The travellers, who are believed to own the dogs, are said to have arrived on the adjacent field the previous day. A concerned parent said a similar incident happened around two years ago, when a child was actually bitten by a dog. A number of parents have since written to Hull City Council to ask it to do more to protect their children at playtime. But teachers reportedly had to take action themselves as "a lot of the children were very frightened" last week. A parent, whose young son attends the primary school, told Hull Live: "I am just so worried that our kids are going to be put in danger with dogs on the loose. The travelling community arrives at the playing field next to the school around this time every year, which is managed very well by members of staff. "However, on Friday, my son came home and told me that three Jack Russell terriers had managed to get into the playground on Friday morning and a lot of the children were very frightened. This bothers me because about two years ago, another dog made its way onto the playground and actually bit a child. "With all this hot weather and a couple more weeks until school breaks up for summer, I think it's unfair that children will have to stay inside at playtime, rather than be able to go outside. It shouldn't be dangerous for kids to play at school."  Hull City Council confirmed legal proceedings to evict the travellers from St Thomas More Field are currently underway by East Riding of Yorkshire Council (EYRC), which owns the land. Nic Harne, Hull City Council’s Assistant Director of Neighbourhoods & Housing said: "St Thomas More Field is owned by East Riding of Yorkshire Council, who will be instigating legal proceedings to evict the travellers from the site. "Our dog wardens will also be visiting the site to offer advice and warnings. To report a dangerous dog, members of the public should call the police on 101 or contact our dog warden service using the online form at hull.gov.uk. "Hull City Council and EYRC have been working together to better secure St Thomas More Field. A site visit is planned for next month to see what more can be done." 