During their visit, Charles and Camilla laid a wreath at Kigali Genocide Memorial and visited a church outside the capital, where remains of victims are buried. The Prince of Wales appeared to grow emotional as he visited the memorial, which contained photographs and personal belongings from hundreds of thousands of Tutsis killed in the genocide.  Charles said, according to an official: “We must ensure it never happens again.” CNN reported the heir to the throne was “visibly moved” as he was shown around the church grounds. After laying the wreath, Prince Charles met with President Paul Kagame and first lady Jeanette Kagame. The historic trip is the Royal Family's first visit to Rwanda, which is a Commonwealth country.  Rwanda is one of few Commonwealth nations the Queen has not visited. A note on the wreath honouring the victims read: “In everlasting remembrance of those who died in the genocide against the Tutsi. Charles Camilla.” Prince Charles' visit comes after it was reported that the prince privately criticised the UK's plan to send asylum seekers to Rwanda. According to claims reported in the Times earlier this month, the heir to the throne was said to believe the policy was “appalling”.  READ MORE: Harry and Meghan stuck in 'stalemate' with royals The first flight due to take asylum seekers from the UK to Rwanda was cancelled last week, minutes before take-off, following legal rulings by Europe's human rights court. Prince Charles and Camilla were greeted on their arrival in Rwanda by a small group of dignitaries. Among those greeting the royal couple at the steps of the plane were the UK's High Commissioner to Rwanda, Omar Daair, Rwanda's High Commissioner to the UK, Johnton Busingye, special adviser Yamina Karitanyi and the prime minister's special representative on the Commonwealth, Lord Ahmad. Ahead of the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (Chogm), Prince Charles said the partnership had the “potential” to make a difference on issues like climate change and providing opportunities for young people.  DON'T MISS:Shark attack: Swimmer suffers ‘major injuries’ after being bittenStrikes slammed as ‘detriment’ to other workers amid Merseyrail dealMonkeypox outbreak onboard BA flight as crew forced to isolate He added that the Commonwealth can be “an unparalleled force for good in our world”. Prince Charles last represented the Queen at Chogm in Sri Lanka in 2013, and in 2018 he was appointed the monarch's designated successor as head of the Commonwealth. The event is usually held in a different country every two years. 