Friends of the  Duke of Cambridge have warned that there is little chance of William and Harry repairing their relationship in the foreseeable future. Sources claim that the brothers are at “rock bottom” with “little chance of improvement”. An anonymous source told the Daily Mail: “[William] alternates between grieving for what he has lost and feeling really, really angry about what his brother has done.” They added: “He truly loves Harry and feels he has lost the only person, aside from his wife, who understood this strange life of theirs. But he believes there are things you just don’t do. And Harry has 100 percent crossed that line.” A friend also said that William believes Harry has “disrespected the Queen and their family”. William’s strained relationship with his brother has been ongoing for several years. The royal feud between them allegedly stems from when Harry wed Meghan Markle and William expressed concerns over their fast-developing relationship. William is said to have advised his brother to “slow it down” adding that it was crucial he made the “right choice” in his future partner. The rift became entrenched when Meghan and Harry chose to leave the Royal Family in 2020 and relocate to America to become financially independent. William and Harry reunited at their grandfather Prince Philip’s funeral in April last year and again to unveil a statue of mother Diana, Princess of  Wales in July. The brothers both attended the Platinum Jubilee thanksgiving service earlier this month but were seated on opposite sides of St Paul’s Cathedral. Another friend told the Mail: “The truth is they have got to find some common ground again at some point. “William is also very principled and believes Harry has crossed a line. He’s thrown accusation after accusation, knowing that silence is the family’s only option because they don’t want to get dragged into a public slanging match. “William is absolutely allergic to drama but Harry has ensured that their family laundry is being aired on a global scale.” So what do YOU think? Should Prince Harry apologise and fix his relationship with 'angry' William? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.