In recent years, in particular, over the past few months, Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, and William have taken on a more prominent role within The Firm. Their active roles as senior members of the Royal Family have been because the couple are "very much aware" that their royal takeover is nearing and that they both understand that Charles "is not a young spring chicken". Speaking to Access Hollywood, Daily Mail's assistant editor Charlie Lankston discussed William and Kate's preparation for their future with the Royal Family. Ms Lankston said: "Kate and William are really, kind of, stepping up to the plate, as far as leading the monarchy. "Now, William is not the next in line to the throne, his father [Charles] is going to be the next monarch." She added: "However, Kate and William are very much, already in that, kind of, waiting in the wings role. "They are both very much aware that they will be on the throne probably, you know, not too far in the future." READ MORE: 'Harry a bigger headache than Andrew' as Royal Family braced for looming crisis She said that the pair are aware that Charles is "not a young spring chicken". Ms Lankston added: "He's [Charles] at that age that Elizabeth was when she became Queen. "I don't think anyone is expecting Prince Charles to sit on the throne for decades." She did, however, note that Charles has been "waiting his entire life" to become King so he will "absolutely" take on the role. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: California mums' fury as baby Lilibet's doctor suddenly closes practice She added that the couple are not just taking on responsibility in terms of public engagements but also in terms of  "the way in which the monarchy is run". Prince William is currently second in line to the throne. Angie Best recently appeared on GB News to speak her praises for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. She discussed how she backs the couple to be the next in line to the throne, ahead of Charles and Camilla. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's titles spark 'removal discussion' amid royals [INSIGHT]Kate and William 'don't want to be seen cosying up to Harry' - claim [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle 'hoped to reconcile with Kate' for children to bond [VIDEO] She stated that Charles and Camilla would be "wonderful advisors to William and Kate" because this country needs "youth" and "vitality". The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge most recently attended the unveiling of a national monument to celebrate the dreams and courage of the Windrush generation. The unveiling was held at one of London's biggest train stations, London Waterloo. READ NEXT: