Emma Raducanu has shared her latest treatment method after retiring injured from the Nottingham Open. The British No 1 lasted just 33 minutes on court but has since confirmed she will be ready for Wimbledon despite withdrawing from next week’s Rothesay Classic in Birmingham. Raducanu was forced to retire after just seven games in her opening match at the Rothesay Open in Nottingham when she picked up a side injury as early as the first point of the contest. She has now confirmed she will be fit in time for Wimbledon and the WTA 500 event in Eastbourne the week before, but will be forced to miss next week’s tournament in Birmingham. And the 19-year-old has now shared an unusual treatment technique as she bids to leave “no stone unturned” in her recovery with Wimbledon looming. The British No 1 shared a photo of herself using what appeared to be an oxygen mask on her Instagram profile on Thursday, captioning it: “we’re tryingg, no stone left unturned”. Athletes often opt to breathe pure oxygen under pressure to treat injuries, with the treatment speeding up recovery processes by increasing the supply of oxygen to the injured areas. And with Eastbourne and Wimbledon 11 and 18 days away respectively, Raducanu will want to return to her best form as soon as she can. JUST IN: Andy Murray explains why he expects to improve at Wimbledon in warning  "It was disappointing to go out this week with a side injury and unfortunately I will no longer be able to play in Birmingham. I’m looking forward to being back on the match court soon though to enjoy the rest of the grass season,” the US Open champion said in a statement on Wednesday. Raducanu needed a medical time out just three games into her match against Viktorija Golubic and continued to receive treatment at the next to changeovers before officially retiring the match. The Bromley teenager admitted she didn’t want to retire in the first game so kept pushing. DON'T MISSZverev's brother gives fresh injury update with Wimbledon in doubtFederer set to get Alcaraz wish as Spaniard outlines his intentionsRafael Nadal's doctor explains 'rare' injury and comeback timeline    "The first game an absolute freak, I think I pulled something, I am not really sure what exactly happened,” she said immediately after retiring 3-4 down to her Swiss opponent. "I was thinking ‘I don’t know how I am going to do this’. But if you do something in the first game people will be like ‘Well why did you walk on to the court.’ “I definitely tried to get through it but in the second game I called the physio on and at the first changeover she was trying to do some work but even from there she told me it was going to be really difficult to continue."