Lisa Marie Presley has barely been seen in public over the last couple of years as the 54-year-old has understandably been grieving the tragic death of her son Benjamin Keough, who is now buried by his grandfather in Graceland’s Meditation Garden. Last night, Elvis Presley's daughter attended the Memphis mansion’s premiere of Baz Luhrmann’s long-awaited biopic of her father, with stars and family members alongside her. In a rare public appearance, Lisa Marie took to the stage alongside her mother Priscilla Presley, daughter Riley Keough, Baz Luhrmann, Austin Butler, Tom Hanks and more. The King’s ex-wife was recorded praising the Elvis star's performance saying: “The cast was unreal. Austin you know how we feel. Truly, Elvis morphed into you, I have to say. You had his guidance.” On Hanks’ take on manager Colonel Tom Parker, the film’s villain, the 77-year-old said to the Oscar winner: “You were amazing, you got it down. We had a talk about him at a long lunch and you did it, you really did it.” After her mother’s initial praises of performances, Elvis’ daughter was handed the microphone. Lisa Marie shared: “I do want to say that I feel so honoured to be a part of this. I really wasn’t expecting this. I didn’t know what to expect. I saw it twice. The first time that I saw it I was nervous, I was gripping the chair going like, ‘Oh God, what’s going to happen? How’s the actor going to be? Is it going to be crazy?’ In my life, it’s been one disappointment after the other in terms of people portraying my father in various films or attempts to…bless their hearts…but let me just tell you something. At this point, I tell you this with all my heart and it’s the only reason that I’m here: It’s been done right.” Elvis has been played many times across film and TV, but most notably in a couple of TV movies. Kurt Russell, whose first acting role was opposite The King in It Happened at the World’s Fair, played the star in 1979 TV movie Elvis. two years after his death at 42. Another was Jonathan Rhys-Meyers’ depiction in 2005 miniseries Elvis: The Early Years. Lisa Marie’s daughter Riley later shared a post saying: “We’re so thrilled to be in Memphis with @elvismovie and with all of the wonderful performers, @austinbutler @olivia_dejonge @kelvharrjr and Tom Hanks have all done outstanding work. Thank you to @bazluhrmann for bringing the film to Graceland. It’s been such a special weekend, I couldn’t think of a better place to Premiere ELVIS in America." DON'T MISSLisa Marie devastated to miss Elvis Cannes premiere and daughter's new movie [LISA MARIE]Elvis movie: Lisa Marie 'heartbroken' son isn't alive to see tribute [LISA SON]Elvis movie: Lisa Marie 'moved to tears' by Austin Butler as her dad [ELVIS MOVIE] Elvis’ granddaughter previously shared early test footage of Austin, highlighting that he sings The King’s vocals perfectly in the early career scenes. Riley posted: “One of the most remarkable parts to me about @elvismovie that people may not know (because he’s done such a fantastic job) is that @austinbutler is singing all of the early Elvis vocals himself. @bazluhrmann shared this clip today from an early screen test of Austin that I wanted to repost because what he was able to do is just so beautiful.” Elvis hits cinemas on June 24, 2022.