Former Disney Channel star Sky Katz heads up a popular new Australian series, Surviving Summer. The sun-soaked Netflix drama landed a place in the streamer’s top ten upon its release at the start of June, and the actress has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about her challenging transition from her previous role on Raven’s Home. Sky admitted to Express.co.uk there were a number of challenges in taking on the main role in Surviving Summer. Netflix’s Australian-set drama series introduces the American actress as Summer Torres, a rebellious teen who’s sent to stay with family friends in Shorehaven. She eventually learns to love her new home, but Sky revealed her substantial new role was sometimes just as tricky to handle as Summer’s surfboard. “I’d say going from Raven’s Home to Surviving Summer was a big transition,” she told Express.co.uk. READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint “It was a challenge, of course. They both demand two completely different skill sets.” Before landing her leading role on Netflix, Sky was well-known to Disney Channel viewers as part of the cast of sequel series Raven’s Home. The family-friendly comedy reunites Raven Baxter (Raven-Symoné) with her best friend Chelsea Grayson (Anneliese van der Pol) as two divorced mothers. Their lives are thrown into chaos when Raven realises her son Booker (Issac Ryan Brown) has inherited her psychic abilities. Sky portrays Tess, the streetwise best friend of Baxter’s twin sister, Nia (Navia Robinson). Despite taking on an even more important main role, Sky also confirmed she still felt at home as Summer despite filming taking place on the other side of the globe. “At the same time, there are some similarities,” she continued. “There’s a lot of stuff I learned on Raven’s Home that I took on to Surviving Summer. DON'T MISS:NCIS LA fans send tributes as Daniela Ruah celebrates milestone [INSIGHT]Outlander’s Sam Heughan admits filming is ‘troublesome’ [INTERVIEW]The Boys’ Jessie T Usher teases major change to A-Train [EXCLUSIVE] “A similarity would be when I had to incorporate some comedy. I used some of Tess' snarkiness. “And a difference would be… I don’t think Tess has ever cried. And Summer has to go through so many emotional rollercoasters that she had to cry once, so that’s a little difference.” Unfortunately, the Surviving Summer star won’t be coming back for Raven’s Home’s fifth season, along with fellow cast members Navia, Anneliese and Jason Maybaum. Could her exit allow for more time to focus on a potential second season for Netflix’s popular surfing drama? “Listen, I hope so,” she said when asked if she expects the series to continue. “It’ll be a bit before that’s determined, but we’re all crossing our fingers.” Season one quickly found its way into the Netflix top ten after its release, so hopefully Surviving Summer has proven popular enough to warrant a follow-up. Surviving Summer season 1 is available to stream on Netflix.