The Duke of Sussex took a tumble from his steed at the Santa Barbara Polo and Racquet Club on Sunday. Photos show Harry crashing to the ground during the match as fellow players rushed around to check on him. The Duke, who was wearing a safety helmet, appeared unscathed after the unfortunate trip. The royal, who is living in Montecito with Meghan Markle after quitting royal duties in 2020, has played polo all of his life and has no doubt taken a number of falls over the years. Following the tumble, Harry's team Los Padres team went on to lose the match 12-11. But the Duke brushed off his fall as he chatted to friends on the sidelines including American idol runner-up Katharine McPhee, 38, and her composer husband David Foster, 72.  At one point he fist-bumped Mr Foster, who has previously been described as a "father figure" to him. The royal was also seen with his arm around teammate Nacho Figueras' wife Delfina. Harry, who wore a green shirt, white jodhpurs and brown leather boots, was sweaty but in good spirits following the game. The Duke has been busy with polo matches in recent weeks in the US. He is reportedly training four days a week as well as hitting the gym. British polo player Millie Hine told the Mail on Sunday that Harry is living in dream playing professional levels of polo across the pond. Royal biographer Omid Scobie previously said the Duke would play the entire season with his team. Back in May, the Duchess of Sussex cheered on her husband at a game ahead of the Platinum Jubilee. Harry and Meghan travelled to Britain for the celebrations during the bank holiday weekend. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex kept a low profile during the four days of events. They made their first public appearance alongside the Windsors in two years at the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. But they were absent from many of the other Jubilee festivities. Harry and Meghan reportedly jetted back to the US with their two children Archie and Lili before the Pageant kicked off on the final day of the extended weekend. The Sussexes are living in America after quitting as working royals in March 2020. 