Stranger Things season four-part one premiered on Friday, May 27, and Netflix subscribers have been obsessed ever since. The hit sci-fi series had an epic midseason finale that explained the unexpected origins of the series' villain Vecna. While it came as a shock to most fans, according to one of the drama's stars, a fan predicted this plot line in 2016. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Stranger Things.Stranger Things' Nancy Wheeler (played by Natalia Dyer) found herself stuck in the Upside Down, after failing to make it back safely to the normal world like the rest of her friends. She was being taunted by Vecna who started to explain how he came to be, which started with the story of Victor Creel (Robert Englund). Nancy had been researching Victor, a man who was sent to a mental hospital for killing his wife and daughter and seriously injuring his son. However, he quickly revealed it was actually the young boy Henry Creel (Raphael Luce) who had killed his family and set up his father. READ MORE: Stranger Things fans expose secret season 4 villain working with Vecna Henry had powers like Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) but decided to use them to hurt others rather than to help. When his abilities were discovered, Henry was sent to Dr Brenner's (Matthew Modine) lab to be experimented on and became 001 (Jamie Campbell Bower). Eleven thought she was doing the right thing by helping to free him but little did she know that he would kill the staff and the rest of the children in the lab. They battled and while her powers proved to be stronger, she opened up the first gate to the Upside Down and threw 001 inside. As he fell into the dark underworld, 001 was transformed into the monster that everyone now knows as Vecna. This twist took many subscribers by surprise but according to Dustin Henderson star Gaten Matarazzo, one fan knew it was coming. In a 2016 video, Matarazzo explained: "There’s this one in this video and he was saying how other test subjects, besides Eleven, One through Ten, most of them were dead, but the others were banished to the Upside Down. Like, they couldn’t get out. "Because they were in the Upside Down for so long, and you can see that it had an effect on Will. "It had an effect on them because they were in it for so long that they transformed into what was the monster. So the monster was a recent test subject." Reacting to the video on YouTube, Stranger Things fans were left stunned by the similarities. DON'T MISS...'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen [ROYAL]Stranger Things fans expose secret season 4 villain working with Vecna [THEORY]Stranger Things: Did Hopper fight in Vietnam? [EXPLAINER] One viewer commented: "This got to be the craziest thing I've overlooked so far. That's so accurate." While another added: "This theory could possibly make sense now cause 001 said. "'They aren't gone. They are still with me,' referring to them living in his mind. "And it even shows that he kept the bodies of Fred & Chrissy in the Upside Down." Stranger Things fans are desperate to find out what happens next in season four. The series will continue on Netflix on Friday, July 1, with the remaining two episodes dropping on the streaming service. But will the gang be able to defeat Vecna or are they all in mortal peril? Stranger Things is available to watch on Netflix.