White is an incredibly popular colour to paint walls, but with so many shades to choose from, the interior of a home can end up feeling cold and clinical. Aaron Markwell from COAT Paints revealed the “fundamental rule to follow” when painting a room white, and it involves using a compass to help decide the right tone of white. Aaron commented: “White is evergreen. “It’s tough because white paint has so many nuances - but it doesn’t necessarily need to be. “There are two killer questions when it comes to choosing the right white paint, and a fundamental rule to follow. “Firstly, what direction does the room face? Get the compass out on your phone and check. READ MORE: Edinburgh: The £1m property, the doer-upper & the average home “In all cases, North-facing rooms have a cooler and less intense light, and South-facing rooms are naturally brighter and warmer. “So if you’ve got a North-facing room choose a white with yellow or brown undertones - a bit creamier or earthier, like ‘Pampas’ - to help neutralise the cooler northern light. “If you’re blessed with a sun-filler South-facing room then you can go bright white if you like. “Or choose something that’s very slightly grey like ‘Sweatpants’ to knock out the yellow light and create a more balanced white.” DON'T MISS...Why you should never boil rice - correct way to cook rice [GUIDE]Most important facial area to target to achieve ‘overall youth’ [EXPERT]Princess Charlotte's 'just like Kate' with her subtle corrections [BODY LANGUAGE] “The second question is how you want to feel in the space,” the paint expert added. “Bright white like ‘Screenshot’ is naturally quite stark unless you soften it with furnishings, whereas creamier whites are warmer but not quite as crisp. “A nice mid-point could be a very pale Greige like ‘Mindful’ which has greyish-brown notes that add an earthiness to the white without it feeling magnolia. “Adopting a bolder approach to the ever-popular greys and whites, those looking to spruce up their homes are turning to darker shades to give their homes the edge.” If you don’t fancy white or greige, but want something still kind of neutral, plaster pink has been suggested. “In decorating, plaster-like colours used on walls have been popular, practically forever,” the experts at COAT Paints said. “This is because the earthy pigments that help create these colours have been used since early humans began cave paintings. “The earthy tones in the iron oxide used to create these colours are naturally occurring and fairly common, making them practical and cheap. If plaster pink is too bold, consider taupe which is “making a triumphant return in 2022”. “They’re warm undertones make for tasteful neutrals that help us feel cosy and safe,” COAT Paints said. “Cold Brew is our newest taupe, deep and dramatic, it has all the appeal of a deep grey with the charm and warmth of a brown too.”