The opening day of Wimbledon was a successful one for British competitors all around, with the likes of Emma Raducanu, Andy Murray and Cameron Norrie all progressing to the next round of the competition. On GB News on Tuesday, Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster were keen to discuss the success of the tennis stars, although Eamonn was quick to slap down the blanket label of “British”. Eamonn instead pointed out that Andy Murray hails from Scotland while Emma Raducanu is English and suggested they should be described as such. He began: “On the opening day of Wimbledon, three British tennis players… “I often wonder when they’re British, or when they’re Scottish, or when they’re English - they’re English. “Emma Raducanu’s English, isn’t she? He’s (Andy Murray) Scottish, so I suppose…” READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes savages Brit Wimbledon hopeful 'Never heard of him' “They’re British,” Eamonn’s co-host Isabel interjected, seemingly disagreeing with his comments. “Okay,” a deflated Eamonn conceded before he continued. “Well, they’ve beaten their opponents in the first round. “Former world number one Andy Murray rose from a set down to beat unseeded Australian James Duckworth, “And Emma Raducanu triumphed on her Centre Court debut against Belgium’s Alison Van Uvtvanck.” The former This Morning star then couldn’t resist a cheeky dig at British number one, Cameron Norrie. Eamonn quipped he’d “never heard” of the South African-born tennis star, despite his Wimbledon glory. “The British number one Cameron Norrie… So someone called Cameron Norrie is our number one?” Eamonn questioned. “Never heard of him,” he added as Isabel defended: “He’s a superstar… well, gonna be.” DON'T MISS:Wimbledon fans outraged as BBC viewers miss out on Djokovic openerAndy Murray sides with Nick Kyrgios in underarm serve rowAndy Murray drops retirement hint after Wimbledon win over Duckworth “Never heard of him, so he’s the number one?” Eamonn quizzed again as Isabel explained: “He beat Pablo Andujar…” “Oh, not Pablo Andujar!” Eamonn sarcastically interrupted. “Did he! Wow, straight sets?” Isabel let out a laugh at her co-host’s remarks before she added: “I had it on all yesterday. “I love it just in the background. I like hearing the balls just…” Isabel went on before making a serving motion with her hands. Cameron Norrie’s victory over the Spaniard came in three sets, with the Brit’s scorecard settled at 6-0, 7-6 and 6-3. Emma Raducanu also won in straight sets, beating her Belgian opponent 6-4 and 6-4. Andy Murray’s Wimbledon return saw him win 4-6, 6-3, 6-2 and 6-4. Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays at 6am on GB News.