While £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) every year, Attendance Allowance is the most underclaimed. Almost three and a half million (3.4 million) Britons who have reached state pension age are missing out on money which is rightfully theirs. As many pensioners struggle to grapple with the cost of living, the irony is that they are also the group who are most likely to be missing out on benefits according to Age UK. Pensioners could be entitled to a range of DWP benefits including Pension Credit, Attendance Allowance or Carer’s Allowance if they are looking after a partner. Attendance Allowance is for people who have reached the state pension age of 66 who have a disability or condition that affects their everyday life. To qualify, pensioners will need to prove they need help with everyday tasks. READ MORE: Woman’s money tip could save Britons hundreds ‘It annoys my husband!' Successful applicants will need to have a disability or health condition which is severe enough for them to need help caring for themselves. However, this doesn’t mean they have to employ a full time carer to be eligible for this extra financial assistance. They must have needed help for at least six months unless they are terminally ill. Typically, there are 56 health conditions that will mean Britons automatically qualify for Attendance Allowance. DON'T MISS:State pension age: Britons could miss free prescriptions  [ALERT]Martin Lewis shares the 'best thing' to do with inheritance money [INSIGHT]Urgent scam warning - Devastating new fraud could cost you thousands [WARNING]   The 56 conditions that qualify for Attendance Allowance are:  While this benefit could be worth up to £369 a month, some Britons have told Express.co.uk they are put off claiming because the process is too complicated. A pensioner from Nottinghamshire said "you have to be on death’s door” to qualify for Attendance Allowance “.  She is just one of a number of pensioners who have said they are frustrated that the benefits system isn’t more straightforward. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Express.co.uk has come up with eight tips for filling in the Attendance Allowance claim form: