After a nearly two-year hiatus, fans were thrilled to see Netflix’s Umbrella Academy return to screens for its third instalment. Although it recently came to an end, the show's creator Steve Blackman dropped a concerning update about the show’s future after the upcoming fourth season.  The Umbrella Academy followed the lives of seven individuals who were adopted as infants by billionaire industrialist Sir Reginald Hargreeves (played by Colm Feore). As they grew, Reginald had raised them with the preparation needed to save the world. Although they eventually disbanded as teenagers, their father’s funeral reunited the surviving six members to solve the mystery surrounding his death. However, as the different personalities clashed and threatened to rip the family apart there was also an imminent global apocalypse on the way. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret Season three came to a chaotic conclusion with a life-threatening cliffhanger which set up for the upcoming fourth season. This includes the surprising truth which revealed Reginald was still alive as he wasn’t even human, he was an extraterrestrial who relocated to Earth after his planet was destroyed. However, by the time the Netflix series began he was already dead and when the siblings reunited the season two finale saw them replaced by the Sparrow Academy after they return to 2019 from 1963. This was when they also discovered Reginal was still alive and living alongside the kids.  As fans look forward to exploring more of this storyline in the upcoming fourth season, the show’s creator didn’t guarantee any more instalments. Speaking to TV Line, Steve Blackman disclosed: “I don’t know how many seasons [Netflix] wants to go. “I pitched them Season 4, and I know the beginning, middle and end [of it]. “When I started the show, I really only knew the first four seasons in my mind,” he continued. DON'T MISS...Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe details ‘horrible day’ on set [INSIGHT]Has The Umbrella Academy season 4 been confirmed by Netflix? [INSIGHT] The Umbrella Academy: How old is Number 5 in The Umbrella Academy? [INSIGHT] The Umbrella Academy was the on-screen adaption of a collection of comics and graphic novels written by My Chemical Romance lead singer Gerard Way. Blackman explained the author “wants to do stuff for another decade, and he’s going to do volumes and volumes.” Despite this, the creator told the publication: “I have what I think is an end to the TV show.” He concluded: “Netflix may want more than that, but I have a sweet thought of where I think the show should end and where we’re going.” 