Buckingham Palace has allegedly chosen not to publish a report from an investigation into claims Meghan Markle bullied royal aides during her time in the Royal Family. Speaking on GB News, ToDiForDaily's podcast host Kinsey Schofield discussed how Americans are not happy that the report is being kept a secret. Ms Schofield said: "Let me tell you, I cannot believe that the Palace is going to bury this Meghan Markle story, the Meghan Markle bullying claims. "However, it is very Buckingham Palace to not talk about it, I respect their decision." The podcast host added: "But a lot of royal watchers are fired up about this. "They want to know what happened within that investigation". She noted that the Queen "hired an outside firm to take over" the investigation". READ MORE: Prince William 'still furious' with BBC over Bashir scandal – 'Anger was palpable' Ms Schofield also pointed that some "palace employees say they were humiliated by Meghan Markle. "There was emotional cruelty, manipulation, and bullying". She added: "We are being told by the Daily Mail that we will never see whatever that investigation was". She noted that they said it "will never see the light of day" because "the Queen wants peace". READ MORE: Prince Andrew faces fresh legal nightmare: Woman claims Epstein raped her while Duke there The royal podcaster said: "I get it, but you know what, a little gossip never hurt nobody". The allegations relate to the two years Meghan and Prince Harry worked on behalf of the Crown before their royal exit in early 2020. An investigation was subsequently launched which led to the Palace “improving the policies and procedures” in its HR department. Aside from the Queen wanting to keep "peace", it is understood they will be kept secret in an attempt to ensure the anonymity of those who took part. DON'T MISS Prince Andrew 'causing almighty row' as aides [INSIGHT]Kate and Meghan 'right in step' with royal Jubilee memo [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry caught in Netflix 'mess' after master plan ruined [VIDEO Meghan and Harry announced their decision to step down as senior members of the Royal Family in January 2020. They made their announcement via a post on their official Instagram account. In the post, the couple said the decision had been made “after many months of reflection and internal discussions". They claimed they intended to "work to become financially independent" but vowed to continue "to fully support Her Majesty The Queen". 