Meghan Markle, 40, and Prince Harry, 37, are currently enjoying the Platinum Jubilee weekend in London with their two children, as they returned to support and celebrate the Queen's 70 year reign. The pair made headlines when they decided to step back as senior members of the Royal family, however, Anita Rani, 44, stood by the couple's decision at the time. Anita has hosted a range of popular shows, including Countryfile and This Morning, as well as presenting the BBC’s coverage of major royal events. She has always been very vocal about her love for the royal family, even quipping that her mother speaks about the royals "like they're our extended family". When Harry and Meghan stepped back as senior members of the royal family in 2020, Anita made sure to show her support to the pair. She wrote on Twitter at the time: "Gossipy aunties who can’t tolerate anyone living their own lives. READ MORE: Camille Vasquez named star of trial by fans as Johnny Depp wins case "Breaking away from the family?! ‘Hai hai’ I mean, seriously. (sic) "They are free to do what they want. #liveyourlife." Anita carried this support amid the controversial Oprah interview with the couple aired last year. She compared the public debate to a "terrible Indian melodrama". The Countryfile presenter even had the chance to meet the royals in 2018 when she hosted the annual Royal Foundation dinner. This is an occasion, that according to the MailOnline, is normally "kept under wraps" by Kensington Palace. She wrote on Instagram: "Such an honour to be asked to host the annual Royal Foundation dinner last night. "Brilliant the Fab Four have come together to influence change. It was a wonderful evening!!!" DON'T MISS... Johnny Depp spotted again in UK after victory against Amber Heard [PICS] Sharon Osbourne claims Amber Heard tried to 'destroy' Johnny Depp [OPINION] Jane Seymour, 71, showcases curves in figure-hugging red swimsuit [INSTAGRAM] Anita also posted a picture of herself, smiling while in conversation with singer Tom Walker, Meghan and Harry. Her caption read: "Go Meghan and Harry! We chatted [about] weddings and feminism. It was a huge honour to host the event last night." She then posted a more formal image of herself facing the camera while standing in a line with Tom, Kate and William, smiling. This caption read: "With the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and @iamtomwalker at the #royalfoundation dinner. "Using power and influence to make a difference. "Did I mention how much of an honour and pleasure it was to host the evening? "Great to meet the royal couples. I was at both their weddings after all!" You can watch Anita Rani at 1pm on BBC One's The Platinum Pageant.