Vladimir Putin's Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny mysteriously disappeared on Wednesday after his lawyers found out the anti-corruption activist was no longer found in a corrective labour colony where he had been serving since February 2021. According to Russian state media TASS, Mr Navalny has been transferred to a maximum-security prison in Melekhovo, Russia. But his lawyers and members of his Anti-Corruption Foundation have not received any official confirmation of his whereabouts. Maria Pevchikh, head of the investigative unit of Navalny's Anti-Corruption Foundation, told CNN: “His lawyers and his family should have been notified if he was to be moved to another prison, you know, to a different penal colony. But no one was notified. "And today the situation was that his lawyers showed up at his current penal colony at Pokrov. He was held at the checkpoint for a couple of hours. "And then, Navalny just didn’t show up. And that’s quite literally all we know. And this is what is so scary and horrifying about this situation is that for about 16, 18 hours at this point, we have no way of figuring out where he is." On the possibility of Navalny being in the same penal colony, she said: "I don’t think it’s possible that he’s still there. He has definitely gone somewhere.   "And normally, if the Russian government actually had followed the law as they have written themselves, we would have been notified if he was transferred to a different place." Ms Pevchikh added: "And there’s a procedure. It’s pretty standard. And his lawyers would have gotten a written confirmation that your client is about to be moved from prison A to prison B. And you should be able to see him. And that’s prison B from this day onwards." "But the way they do it with Navalny is a very kind of different approach that they have to him. No law applies to him. "So, in this case, we are just deprived of any information in general. We are being kept in his very uncomfortable situation of not knowing anything and not being able to ask anyone." READ MORE: Putin setback as Russian offensives pulverised in south Ukraine And normally, if the Russian government actually had followed the law as they have written themselves, we would have been notified if he was transferred to a different place.  Speculating on what Russian authorities might eventually do, she said: "I think they will eventually let us, but we don’t know when it’s going to be. Tomorrow? The day after tomorrow? Or in a week's time or in a month's time?" The decision to transfer Mr Navlany to a higher security prison facility would be in line with a judge’s order given in March of this year. Navalny was found guilty of contempt of court and embezzlement and given a 9-year sentence in a maximum-security prison. In May, Navalny was officially notified about new charges of extremism against him. For these latest charges, he faces up to an additional 15 years in prison. DON'T MISS: Ukraine: Putin hit by huge revolt [REPORT]'Hypochondriac' Putin 'obsessed with Botox' for bloated face [REPORT]Russian oligarchs risk losing wealth as Putin’s 'mafia state' crumbles [REPORT] Since his return to Russia in January 2021, Mr Navlany has been detained on multiple grounds. The European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) called for his release in a resolution. When asked about Navalny’s whereabouts, Ms Pevchikh said in disbelief: "Well, Mr Cooper, I have to be honest. I have no idea where Alexei Navalny is. And no one really does because he has gone missing today. We have absolutely no clue about where he is at the moment." On whether she believes in the reports of Navalny being transferred to a maximum-security prison in the Vladimir region, she said she questions the accuracy and trustworthiness of Russian state media. Ms Pekchikh said: "They have been wrong before. And we know that sometimes they can be just asked to report whatever the state wants people to believe in. So, we are not relying on this information. "And until we hear something officially, until we get notified that Navalny has been moved. And this is his new penal colony, and this is where you should be able to find him. So, we do not rely on this information."