All Creatures Great and Small continues to be a Channel 5 hit as fans have fallen in love with the dysfunctional family at Skeldale House. Mrs Hall (played by Anna Madeley) keeps everyone in order and she is known and loved for her selfless ways. Is the housekeeper still married in the TV series? All Creatures Great and Small season three will hopefully see a number of romances blossom. Fans are waiting to see James Herriot (Nicholas Ralph) marry the love of his life, Helen Alderson (Rachel Shenton). Even his outspoken boss Siegfried Farnon (Samuel West) has been exploring new relationships. Mrs Hall had shown an interest in Gerald Hammond (Will Thorp), but it is early days for the couple. Fans do not know much about the housekeeper's relationship history, and actress Madeley revealed all. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small season 3: Does Mrs Hall marry Siegfried? She said Gerald was the first person who offers Mrs Hall a helping hand. As the mother figure of Skeldale House, she was surprised to see someone tend to her and offer her support. At the end of season two, she opened up to the idea of spending more time with Gerald. They have what Madeley describes as "gentle fun" and the actress is excited to see where their relationship goes. However, she did say there was an added complication for her character. Speaking to Masterpiece, she said: "We can’t forget that Mrs Hall is technically still married, so that complicates her world enormously. "This is a tricky time for that. You’ve met Diana Brompton, who’s divorced, and who’s quite a modern woman taking on the new idea. "But it was only in 1937 that, legally, Mrs Hall would’ve been able to get divorced without having to go down the 'let’s pretend one of us has been unfaithful' route. It’s a very new idea. "I think it was in 1937 that it extended to if you’ve been deserted for over three years or if your partner was incurably insane. DON'T MISS... All Creatures Great and Small star hints at Tristan army plot [INTERVIEW]Is Samuel West from All Creatures Great and Small an animal expert? [INSIGHT] Samuel West age: How old is the All Creatures Great and Small star? [EXPLAINER] "I think the cultural move to thinking about getting divorced is absolutely huge. "We haven’t discussed that yet for Mrs Hall, but I think the fact that Diana Brompton did it is quite a thing to take in—it’s quite a bold move at that time. "So whether Mrs Hall’s in a place to consider doing that is a big question, again, for Ben Vanstone [writer]. "I don’t know what he’ll do with that." With this in mind, season three could see Mrs Hall officially ending her marriage. She has had a difficult time with her family as she is also estranged from her son. She was hoping he would come and visit her at Christmas, but he never showed. The housekeeper confided in her good friend Siegfried who reassured her she has plenty of people who care for her. Fans were rooting for a Mrs Hall and Siegfried relationship, but it seems Gerald has potentially stolen her heart.  All Creatures Great and Small will return to Channel 5 with season 3 later this year.