During the hot summer months, Britons are more likely to see all types of flies in their homes, including fruit flies. Flies get into the home through open windows and doors in search of food. Common house flies are attracted to decaying matter such as meat while fruit flies love to feast on overripe fruit and sugary drinks. Luckily, there are lots of different ways households can try to keep the flies out of their homes this summer. Polly Shearer, cleaning expert at Tap Warehouse, explained that the warm and humid weather in areas of the UK means households are likely to see more flies in their homes. The expert said: “We recommend using preventative measures to stop flies and insects breeding in your kitchen this summer. “Make your own natural fly deterrent spray. The smell of essential oils like mint, lemongrass and lavender are hated by flies. “You can create your own natural fly deterrent spray by adding a few drops of any of these oils to water in a spray bottle. READ MORE: Bathroom: ‘Small changes’ to make to see cuts in energy bills “We recommend lavender so the spray will also leave your kitchen smelling fresh.” The spray can be spritzed around the kitchen throughout the day. According to the expert, this should stop flies from entering. Basil is also known to “repel” flies and mosquitoes. DON'T MISS:How to identify garden weeds - what to look for [COMMENT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer boosts property value by £75k [PICTURES]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap as chips’ way to keep flower vases clean [EXPLAINER] Fruit flies can cause “havoc” in the kitchen during the summer months, often resulting in food waste due to people not wanting to eat the fruit touched by flies. The cleaning expert said: “If your kitchen has fruit flies, you should half fill a glass with apple cider vinegar and cover it with cling film and poke small holes into the cling film. “This should attract the fruit flies to enter the glass and you can then let them free outside of your home. “It’s also important to store your fruit in the fridge to prevent flies from returning.” Polly said this can cost as little as 80p. Britons should also store fizzy drinks in the fridge and wipe any spillages immediately. Fruit flies are attracted to the carbon dioxide in fizzy drinks which means they may begin to gather around the drinks if they are left in the kitchen. They will appear in big groups if there are any spillages. Polly said: “Be sure to wipe any spillages and clean the bottles to prevent fruit flies from being attracted to them. “You can also store your fizzy drinks in the fridge to keep fruit flies away from them." Polly also suggested keeping bins dry with baking soda. She added: “Whatever you put in your bin will rot, however, this process speeds up during the summer months due to warmer weather. “This will attract flies, insects and maggots, so it’s important to clean and empty your bin more frequently during summer. “One great hack is to sprinkle baking soda at the bottom of your bin before putting in a new bin bag.” The baking soda should absorb any odours and liquids that leak out of the bag. In the busy summer months, it can be easy to leave dirty dishes by or in the sink. However, according to the expert, this can attract flies. Polly said: “We recommend washing your dishes in the summer as soon as possible in order to prevent flies from contaminating your dishes with bacteria and even laying eggs on them. “Also keep leftovers fully sealed in storage bags and tubs. “Flies like to lay eggs in places with warmer temperatures, which is why you should not leave leftovers uncovered when leaving them to cool down. “Instead, place the leftovers in a bag or tub that can be fully sealed to prevent flies from touching the food.”