Arsenal are prioritising signing Leicester ace Youri Tielemans over two other targets as Mikel Arteta seeks to sign a new midfielder, according to reports. The Gunners are expected to be busy in the summer transfer window despite being the Premier League’s biggest spenders last year. Arteta is desperate to elevate the club back among the top-flight’s elite sides having missed out on the Champions League for next term. A late spiral in form meant that the north Londoners finished fifth. A midfielder is known to be high on Arsenal’s agenda after they looked light in the middle of the park last season. Thomas Partey’s injury in the final few months of the campaign was detrimental to their top-four charge. Belgian star Tielemans is understood to be of interest to the Gunners after another impressive personal at Leicester. The Foxes man apparently is top of a three-man shortlist, ahead of Wolves' Ruben Neves and Juventus' Arthur Melo. JUST IN: Jack Grealish furiously defends party antics as England's poster boy According to transfer guru Fabrizio Romano, Arsenal are currently prioritising a move for Tielemans over their two other midfield targets and are in discussions with his representatives. Two other clubs are interested in signing Tielemans. Arsenal are yet to make a formal offer to Leicester for the 25-year-old, who the Foxes value at around £30-35m. The Emirates Stadium transfer hierarchy will make a decision on whether they definitely want to sign Tielemans in the coming days. The former Anderlecht man has earned a reputation as one of the best players outside the Premier League’s so-called Big Six. Despite Leicester’s disappointing campaign, Tielemans scored six goals and provided a further four assists in 29 league starts. DON'T MISS...Arsenal losing out to Newcastle in £30m deal is bad news for EvertonBale may seek Arsenal or Chelsea move due to Welsh star's golf passionArsenal have four targets cheaper than Dominic Calvert-Lewin His box-to-box displays have caught the attention of all of Europe’s top clubs, with Arsenal seemingly leading the race. The Gunners have put him ahead of other targets Neves and Arthur. Wolves boss Bruno Lage has previously rated Neves at around £100m, making the Portugal international difficult to sign. Former Barcelona man Arthur struggled with injuries last term and made only 20 Serie A appearances for Juve. Italian outlet Calciomercato have reported that the Old Lady are willing to allow the Brazilian to join Arsenal, but the major hitch is that they would want Gabriel Martinelli in return. Martinelli enjoyed a successful, injury-free campaign last term and started frequently under Arteta. He scored six goals in 36 appearances across all competitions and Arsenal are unlikely to want to sell. The 20-year-old has two years remaining on his contract at the Emirates Stadium.