The Duke and Duchess of Sussex returned to Harry's home country to take part in the historic royal event earlier this month. Express.co.uk readers have had their say on the couple's potential new interview opportunity. Following the couple's controversial return to the UK, royal expert Neil Sean claimed that the couple has since been offered TV deals. Speaking on his YouTube channel, Mr Sean claimed: "All the TV broadcasters around the world are looking to put together specials on the Platinum Jubilee, particularly for their year-end things. "American networks are very keen on is to sit down with Harry and Meghan to get their take on what has been spectacular years. "I've been told that Australian TV too are interested particularly all the mainstream media now.  "When you think about it that could be a big pay deal for Harry and Meghan." The revelation has caused a strong reaction from royal fans online. One user, polly53, asked what they would speak about in an interview as the pair weren't included in many of the day's events. Commenting online, they asked: "What have they to talk about, they missed 99% of it?". READ MORE: Camilla Parker Bowles’ favourite meal is a British household staple Similarly, another reader wrote: "What special knowledge do they have about the Platinum Jubilee? They came, Harry glowered, they tried to get photos to merch, they felt offended (which they always do), and they rabbitted back home on a very expensive, highly polluting private jet." One Express.co.uk reader asked: "Why would anyone pay them as they had zero access?". A third said Prince Harry has "burned his bridges" as "William will never forgive him for upsetting Kate". They went on to say the "Oprah interview is still fresh in the Royal Family's minds" and while "the threat of more books in the pipeline", the user argued there is "no way back for him". DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry’s children ‘have no need’ for royal titles [INSIGHT]Biden takes over UK nuclear defence in £2.6bn deal [COMMENT]Meghan & Harry's royal wedding is still most popular - 'extraordinary' [ANALYSIS] However, not everyone reacted negatively to the news as one user described the couple as "consistent" and said Meghan is a "wonderful person". It comes after the Duchess of Sussex left a "lovely voice message" for volunteers at a Grenfell community Kitchen on the fifth anniversary of the tragic incident. Meghan asked the volunteers at The Hubb Community Kitchen how they were and asked about their children and families. She was described by volunteers as "thoughtful" as the in a post, the group said the Duchess was "just being her beautiful kind self".