Eligible carers may be eligible for a benefit payment called the Carer’s Allowance Supplement. It is an extra benefit payment which is paid twice a year, for people in Scotland who are in receipt of Carer’s Allowance. Unlike its supplementary sister payment, Carer’s Allowance is a benefit payment administered by the DWP. Social Security Scotland, the body in-charge of the Carer’s Allowance Supplement, has recently revealed that claimants will get paid on June 10, 2022. Carers who received Carer’s Allowance on April 11, 2022 will get the additional benefit on this data. As it stands, the extra benefit payment from Social Security Scotland comes to £245.70 for each instalment. The next payment of Carer’s Allowance Supplement is set to be paid sometime in December 2022. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum People who get the DWP’s Carer’s Allowance from October 10, 2022 will be able to claim this instalment by then. Carer’s Allowance Supplement recipients are being warned that some payments may take slightly longer than usual. If someone has still not received a letter or payment by Friday June 17, 2022, they are encouraged to contact Social Security Scotland. The best way to get in touch with the devolved Government department is by phone via 0800 182 2222.  In order to get this payment, applicants must already be in receipt of Carer’s Allowance from the DWP. People may be able to get Carer's Allowance Supplement if they have a genuine and sufficient link to Scotland despite living outside the UK in the European Economic Area, Switzerland or Gibraltar. In these cases, Social Security Scotland will have to determine whether an applicant is eligible for a Young Carer Grant while living outside of the UK. To do this, they will have to go over some residency details to make a decision on someone’s application. Applicants will need to send Social Security Scotland copies of important documents to confirm who they are and where they live. Once the application is sent, the Government body will send out a letter to inform the applicant what needs to be done. Upon the benefit payment’s launch, Shirley-Anne Somerville, the Scottish Government’s Cabinet Secretary for Social Security, outlined why the support for carers is an essential for affected families. Ms Somerville explained: “Making these payments will represent a historic moment, launching a new public service that will deliver a social security system that treats people with dignity, fairness and respect. “We recognise the important contribution carers make, and we believe the current total paid out to them is not enough. “This supplementary payment allows us to get more money in the pockets of carers in Scotland as quickly as possible. “We have always made it clear we believe that Carer’s Allowance should be the same rate as Jobseeker’s Allowance. “Having new powers over social security means we can make this a reality and this additional payment is in recognition of the important contribution carers make to society.”