 On July 6, Intelligent Speed Assist (ISA) technology must be fitted to all new cars sold in Europe under new road safety legislation. Many industry experts expected the new driving laws to be introduced in the UK, despite the effects of Brexit, although this may no longer be the case.  In a statement to Express.co.uk, a Department for Transport spokesperson said decisions were still being made. They added: “The UK’s departure from the EU provides us with the platform to capitalise on our regulatory freedoms and make decisions that are right for Great Britain and benefit road safety. “We’re currently assessing the vehicle safety technologies included in the EU's General Safety Regulation and a decision will be taken in due course as to whether to mandate any of those in Great Britain.” The package of European measures known as the General Safety Regulation includes intelligent speed assistance technology which makes the driver aware of the current speed limit. READ MORE: New law will force homes to have an electric car charger next week  The Department for Transport was involved in developing these requirements, but as they apply from July 2022 it will be for the Government to decide whether to mandate the same systems in Great Britain. As part of the new General Safety Regulation, set out by the EU, a number of new measures will be equipped for new vehicles. In addition to the speed limiting technology, the safety regulations will look to address drink driving, driver drowsiness, emergency stop signals and event data recorders. For cars, vans, trucks and buses, new safety features will include a warning of driver drowsiness and distraction, reversing safety with a camera or sensors, and a data recorder in case of an accident. DON'T MISSElectric car drivers report staggering change in driving attitudes [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of massive £2,500 fines for having Jubilee decorations [WARNING]EU car ban: MEPs vote to ban all petrol and diesel car sales [IMPORTANT]  Additional features for cars and vans include lane-keeping assistance, advanced emergency braking, and crash-test improved safety belts. No decisions have been made as to which elements of the package will be implemented in the UK. The European Transport Safety Council (ETSC), the body which supports the introduction of ISAs, says the limiters have the potential to reduce the number of collisions and save hundreds of lives every year. The ETSC had been pushing for a system that cuts engine power once the legal speed limit has been reached.  It claimed that when this system intervenes, it could reduce road deaths by around 20 percent. Despite this, industry pressure caused the EU to allow a more basic system that plays an audio warning a few moments after the vehicle exceeds the speed limit. Research shown by the ETSC shows that drivers find audible warnings annoying so are more likely to be switched off. Every system can be overridden, but this will only last for the duration of the current journey.  Speaking previously to Express.co.uk, Andrew Digva, group product manager at Road Angel, said not using the tool would “defeat the purpose” of the new driving law. He added: “If it is because it's annoying or they didn’t understand it or it just doesn't suit their needs then you do have aftermarket solutions which can be tailored to their requirements. “If they do decide to override it, it would be a little bit of shooting themselves in the foot.” The 2019/2044 regulation will also mandate that all new cars which have already launched be fitted with an Intelligent Speed Assist (ISA) by July 7, 2024.