Camilla and Charles are in Rwanda for the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting, which was also today attended by Prime Minister Boris Johnson and his wife, Carrie. Prince Charles has attended five of the 24 Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting meetings held since 1971. Camilla and Charles sat beside each other as they watched the models strut down the catwalk at Kigali Fashion Week. Camilla looked elegant in a white tunic with subtle gold embroidery. The embroidery ran along the centre of the tunic and around its high, upturned collar. The Duchess combined the tunic with a pair of long, flowing white trousers and gold and white slippers. READ MORE: Meghan's 'firm' gesture to Harry - 'Signals of anxiety' As for jewellery, Camilla wore a pendant necklace and gold chain bracelets. But it was her earrings that stood out the most. The Duchess donned a dangling pair which featured two clover-like pendants on each earring. The clover is intrinsic to popular brand Van Cleef & Arpels, which has bracelets, necklaces, and earrings featuring this shape.  The earrings were the Magic Alhambra Diamond earrings. They are white gold and diamond and worth a huge sum of money. The earrings are on sale on the Van Cleef & Arpels website for a whopping $47,000, which is currently equivalent to around £34,800. Camilla has worn these earrings on multiple occasions in the past, including to the Queen’s birthday party in 2018. She donned them again during the summer of 2018 when she visited France and Greece with Charles. Interestingly, she wore the earrings with another white dress on the trip. Camilla is a fan of white and owns many white dresses. Before today, she was seen in white on the second day of the Royal Ascot last week, when she turned up to the racecourse in a long-sleeved dress with a V-neckline. She accessorised the dress with a three-stranded pearl choker, clasped together with a diamond brooch. The Duchess also donned a matching white, wide-brimmed hat. Camilla owns many Van Cleef & Arpels pieces, including a blue bracelet, which she also wore in Kigali today. The Duchess also has a green pair of earrings similar to the ones she wore this evening, as well as a matching green necklace.