Prince Andrew was recently forced to remain out of sight during the Garter Day procession after a "family decision" was taken to limit his appearance to a behind-the-scenes lunch and investiture ceremony. As the Prince of Wales, Duke of Cambridge, and other senior royals processed through the grounds of Windsor Castle for a church service commemorating the Order of the Garter, Andrew stayed behind closed doors. Royal expert Ingrid Seward has said she would be "surprised" if Andrew stayed at Royal Lodge. Speaking to True Royalty TV's Royal Beat, Newsweek Royal Correspondent Jack Royston said: "When the Queen is no longer here, Charles will not have any truck with Andrew attempting a comeback. "That will be game over for him. "It might actually be game over already." Royal expert Ingrid Seward added: "He will be looked after financially. READ MORE: Kate in stitches drinking beer and playing football as William cheers "They aren't going to cast him out because he will be more trouble cast out and start talking and start giving TV interviews and writing books. Host Kate Thornton interjected: "Sounds familiar, doesn't it?" Ms Seward continued: "They don't want that again so, he will be financially secure but I will be very surprised if he kept Royal Lodge." The Garter Day occasion laid bare the royal family's problem - what formal role, if any, can Andrew play after his reputation was severely tarnished by his involvement in a civil sexual assault case in the US. Andrew has vehemently denied the allegations. And it also exposed the internal struggle between senior members of the royal family and the duke's reported desire to be reinstated as a working royal. Charles and his son William are understood to have lobbied the Queen about Andrew's participation in Garter Day, which features the church service, an investiture for new members of the order, and a lunch. A version of the Order of Service for the St George's Chapel service names Andrew as being part of the Garter knights while in another distributed to the public he has been omitted. Joe Little, managing editor of Majesty Magazine, said: "Clearly it was the intention he would be there, as he does feature in one of the lists, so it's not a media invention he was going to be there, until recently that was the intention. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry forced Charles to shelve monarchy plans [VIDEO]Harry and Meghan stuck in 'stalemate' with royals [INSIGHT]Meghan's comments on Kate 'really damaging' for Harry and William [ANALYSIS] "Interesting that the family should need to intervene on something like this and to pull him back but clearly that's what it takes." Mr Little speculated the events of Garter Day may cause Andrew to reassess his future and how "impossible" it is for him to return as a working member of the royal family. He said about the move to remove Andrew from public view: "I think the decision they've made is a sensible one, I think they're fully aware of the public's opinion of the Duke of York's conduct and that this is very much a damage limitation exercise on behalf of senior members of his family." The Queen had signalled her support for Andrew - rumoured to be her favourite child - by arriving with him for the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service in March. Andrew provided a steady arm for the Queen as she walked into Westminster Abbey to remember the life of her husband, a few weeks after he reached a multimillion-pound out-of-court settlement in a civil sexual assault case. The settlement was made with no admission of liability. READ NEXT: Prince Harry 'thinking of relinquishing title' - claimMeghan Markle 'hoped to reconcile with Kate' for children to bond Kate and William 'don't want to be seen cosying up to Harry' - claimMeghan and Harry 'hoping for Balmoral invite' from Queen Prince Harry told to 'start with an apology' to 'mend fences'