Alize Cornet has sensationally claimed that a majority of tennis stars at this year's French Open kept quiet about COVID-19 despite catching the disease over the course of the tournament. Two players have already been forced to withdraw from Wimbledon after returning positive tests, with Matteo Berrettini and Marin Cilic set to take no further part in the action at the All England Club over the next fortnight. There is no daily testing requirement for players at SW19 but organisers are monitoring the situation closely after the withdrawals of Berrettini, who reached last year's final, and Cilic. Cornet turned her nose up at the suggestion of implementing a stricter protocol, though, by telling reporters that Covid was likely rampant at the French Open before adding that there was an agreement between players in the locker room not to say anything about it. "There have always been players who retired because they were sick," said Cornet on Tuesday. "I don't want to underestimate the Covid effect. "There are players who have gastros, the flu. Some years in tournaments, there were outbreaks of gastros because of not very fresh food. There were two, three, four players who withdrew, it was just bad luck, we are not going to put a protocol for gastros. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal officially gets Calendar Slam bid underway with win "The Covid, now, there are vaccines. If we go back to stuff, I'm not going! At Roland [Garros] there was a Covid epidemic, no one talked about it. "In the locker room, everyone got it and we said nothing. When it comes out in the press, on great players like that, it will will be a big deal everywhere and that worries me a little. "I hope they will be smart enough not to do it [implement a stricter protocol]. They already took [ranking] points out, this is adding insult to injury. We had the bubbles, we paid the price already." It remains to be seen how the Covid situation at Wimbledon will develop over the coming days after the withdrawal of Cilic, who followed in Berrettini's footsteps by testing positive earlier this week. Players at last season’s tournament were kept in a bio-secure bubble off-site while adhering to daily testing procedures, but there are no such regulations in place at the All England Club this time around. Cilic, who has trained with Novak Djokovic during his time in London, broke the news of his positive test with a statement via Instagram in which the one-time Wimbledon runner-up revealed that he was not feeling well enough to perform to his own high standards at Wimbledon. "I have been self-isolating and was hopeful I would be ready but unfortunately I am still feeling unwell and unable to compete at my best," he said. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE