As the first round of the French parliamentary election is a few days away, French President Emmanuel Macron could be on the brink of losing his absolute majority in Parliament. In that case, Mr Macron would face his opposition and could see his political agenda obstructed for the next five years. An Ifop poll has Macron’s camp biting their nails, as it projects them winning between 250 and 290 seats – potentially a few seats short of the 289-seat majority. His main rival in this race, far-left candidate Jean-Luc Mélenchon, has steadily risen in the polls and could take over France’s National Assembly. When asked about the relative absence of UK media coverage on the upcoming election, French journalist David Chazan told GB News' Nigel Farage: "Well, Nigel, I think what’s happened in terms of UK coverage of this election is that until a few days ago, it had been assumed that President Emmanuel Macron’s centrist party was set to win a parliamentary majority, which it already holds. Not much of a story there. "But in the past few days, that’s going down because Jean-Luc Mélenchon’s green and leftist alliance – there’s a number of parties, including socialists, communists and environmentalists look as though they’re very, very close to President Macron’s group. "Now, according to the opinion polls, they’re unlikely to win the parliamentary majority that Jean-Luc Mélenchon says would force President Macron to name him prime minister. But they could easily rob Mr Macron’s party of the majority it needs to govern effectively."  Far-left presidential hopeful Jean-Luc Mélenchon lost the presidential election to Marine Le Pen by a single percentage point and failed to qualify for the second round. Marine Le Pen then went on to lose to Emmanuel Macron by a smaller margin than in the previous runoff in 2017. While she lost by 33 percent in 2017, she only lost with a 17 percent margin this year. Nigel Farage said: "Now remember a few weeks ago, we got through to the second round of the French presidential election. And mainstream media were throwing their hands up in horror that far-right Marine Le Pen could become the next French President. Of course, it didn’t happen although it is noticeable that with each French presidential election, her votes get bigger." READ MORE: Macron's bid to end war mocked by Russian media for being desperate In the face of that bitter defeat to both candidates, Mr Mélenchon pledged to do everything he can to rise to power and block Emmanuel Macron. Mr Farage continued: "He’s a hard-left political leader, arguably left of Jeremy Corbyn. Jean-Luc Mélenchon." Mr Mélenchon has now his eyes set on the premiership. He says if his coalition wins a majority in Parliament, Emmanuel Macron will be forced to elect him Prime Minister. DON'T MISS: Russian envoy to Israel dismisses claims of Putin’s poor health [REPORT]Macron shut down by Ukraine as French President defends Putin's pride [REPORT]Macron blasted by Ukrainian Foreign Minister [REPORT] Calling on his supporters, Jean-Luc Mélenchon said in a tweet: "Elect me prime minister for a reparliamentarisation of political life." However, according to the French Constitution, the President is free to elect whomever he wants from the opposition camp. Emmanuel Macron has already ruled out choosing Mr Mélenchon as Prime Minister, saying: "No political party can impose a name on the President."