Prince George joined Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge in the first round of long engagements in his royal career. The future king took part in the four-day celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee by attending a series of events with his parents and younger siblings, securing heaps of praise for his conduct throughout the weekend. Royal commentator Rob Jobson commended the Cambridge children for their pristine behaviour, singling out Prince George for his "kingly" performance. Speaking to Sky News, Mr Jobson said: "Little Louis was fantastic, messing around. "But George looked more kingly than William at times. "He was the one who got up first, and he looked almost statesman-like. "And Charlotte is terrific." JUST IN: Joanna Lumley in tears as she warns of major 'change' for UK once Queen dies Social media users also praised Prince George for stepping up to help mark his great-grandmother's special milestone. Twitter user @MR245116 said: "Fabulous four days but today's finale was just spectacular. I’ve loved seeing Prince George, Princess Charlotte and of course Prince Louis. Such gorgeous children." @MumfordSa commented: " So lovely to see -#PrinceGeorge singing #SweetCaroline! Little chap looks so serious most of the time so good to see him smiling too." @rpcardenas95 added: "Prince George is ready to be king now. Bum bum bum." READ MORE: 'Hilarious!' Cheeky Prince Louis steals the show as he is spotted pulling faces at Kate And @lynnpaxford said: "Prince George looks like he s processing lots of information... Bless... Old head, young shoulders." @CiciTee1 continued: "The queen must feel a huge comfort seeing how strong her grandson #PrinceWilliam is and how he is grooming #PrinceGeorge to be king of England one day. How cute are these two?" The young Prince however joined in the partying as he attended his first concert on Saturday. Prince George, an avid football fan, was spotted happily singing away to Sweet Caroline as Rod Stewart performed the song now associated with England's stellar Euro 2020 performance. DON'T MISS: Jubilee LIVE: Meghan and Harry missing AGAIN as Sussexes absent [LIVE] POLL: Would you like to see more of Meghan and Harry after Jubilee? [VOTE] Fury at Harry and Meghan for keeping their children away [REACTION] He also shared a heartwarming moment with Prince William's older cousin, Zara Phillips, who was seen poking at Prince George's cheek with a Union flag. Prince George had previously accompanied his parents on family outings but the Platinum Jubilee marked the first time he was front and center at a Royal Family event. He made his Trooping the Colour debut on Thursday after having had his previous appearances at the service limited to appearing on the balcony at the end of the celebrations. But this week he and siblings Charlotte and Louis joined mum Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall in the carriage procession. He also travelled to Cardiff on Saturday to attend a series of events celebrating the Platinum Jubilee.