John Barrowman, 55, has been in Berlin as he shared what he witnessed on Twitter today. It comes just after German media reports confirmed that a vehicle drove into the crowd in Berlin-Charlottenburg. The car was driven into people on Rankestraße near Memorial Church in Berlin. Initial police reports said 30 people were injured but the total was later revised down to eight. A high number of firefighters and police officers are at the scene and German daily Bild reported that one person has been detained by police. The Doctor Who actor revealed it was "really pretty bad, guys" as he surveyed the scene, with emergency services, who worked to secure the area. READ MORE: Charley Webb returns to work five months after quitting Emmerdale  In view of his 503, 000 followers, the former Dancing On Ice judge shared a candid video taking at the scene of the incident. He captioned the post: "Update from the horrible situation in Berlin…We are ok. Jb." "It’s really pretty bad guys," John said in a clip uploaded to Twitter. "Over where we are here, there’s a lot of police, a dead body in the middle of the road." John went on to describe what he saw, explaining: "If I’m pointing to you from the road, up there, the car came down onto the pavement, we had dinner in that restaurant last night, the car came down onto the pavement and has some onto the road over there, has hit somebody and then has gone down the road and has come back onto the pavement down that way, and come back onto the pavement and gone through a bunch of people, gone through the photograph I posted of a cafe and right into a storefront window."  He went on: "The police presence is unbelievable, they are clearing out the area but it was cordoned off, I heard the bang and the crash when I was in a store and we just saw the carnage. "There are helicopters coming now to airlift people, so I’m gonna let you see this then I’ll get back to you." In an earlier post, John shared a picture of the car which had ploughed into a shop window. He wrote: "We think we have witnessed a terrorist attack here in Berlin we’re not sure there’s a lot of people dead bodies all over the place we’ve seen a car that came down the road and ended up in a storefront covering three city blocks it’s pretty horrific #berlin." DON'T MISS... Victoria Beckham stuns in tight bodysuit in bathroom selfie[LATEST]Jurassic Park child star Ariana Richards looks totally unrecognisable[PICTURES]'With a heavy heart' Monty Don inundated with support over decision[UPDATES] John shared a further update from the scene of the incident. He said: "We have been moved all the way down away from the incident. As you can see the police are behind us. There are more police coming. There are helicopters coming in. "This is bad. It is serious. There are multiple fatalities. There are hundreds of emergency services that are in the area. They are blocking off the city and we are having to walk back. "The corden keeps expanding and we're are being pushed back and out." He went on to thank his friend who urged him to take cover behind a tree. "He's ex-military and he said get behind a tree and put something between you or anything that might come at you," John remarked. Berlin police said on Twitter: ‘A man is believed to have driven into a group of people. It is not yet known whether it was an accident or a deliberate act.’ Several heavily armed officers secured the area and some 60 firefighters are in attendance.