 Around 44 percent of electric car owners weren’t confident in defining “smart charging” less than a week before major new rules. From Thursday, June 30, all new electric car chargepoints must have a data connection with the ability to measure, record and transmit usage.   They must also be able to delay charging or slow it down during periods of high grid demand. New chargepoints will be pre-configured to avoid charging during peak hours between 8am and 11am and 4pm and 10pm on weekdays. It is hoped the new regulations will ease the strain on the National Grid and ensure drivers are getting the best prices when charging. The new YouGov survey, commissioned by Monta, found that 62 percent of respondents were correctly able to identify that smart charging is better for the national electricity grid. READ MORE: Motorists advised to use fuel-saving trick when at the petrol station  A further two-thirds knew that smart charging schedules charges at times when there are more renewables, a lower cost, and less CO2 emissions. Despite this, 30 percent and 35 percent of respondents were unsure about accurately defining smart charging when presented with two correct definitions. This means around a third of current and future EV owners are unaware as to what the new smart charging legislation means to them. Alok Dubey, UK Country Manager at Monta, said more needed to be done to help drivers understand their cars and fully benefit from them. DON'T MISSNew 2022 Range Rover Sport unveiled [FIRST LOOK]Incredible array of supercars make their debut at Goodwood [PICTURES]Drivers to be fined £160 from today for straying into cycle lanes [WARNING]  He told Express.co.uk: “The survey shows there is still a lot of confusion among UK drivers, with many still wondering how the new smart charging legislation will affect them. “There’s clearly a lack of awareness. “The Government should be promoting and celebrating this legislation, but it needs to do more to spell out the changes. “The move towards standardised smart charging is great for UK EV drivers, as it means their charges have even less impact on the environment and their wallets.”  An 18-month smart charging trial by Electric Nation among 700 EV drivers noted a surge in electricity demand at 10pm as charge points came online after peak hours. The study involved more than 140,000 EV charging events and found that flexible, smart charging would be the best option. It also found that the average charging event starts with the battery already more than 50 percent full and EV owners only charge their EVs three times a week. As a result of this, the new legislation also requires a randomised delay at the start of the charge to ease the pressure on the grid.  Mr Dubey added: “We’re supportive of smart charging, but right now, without any real clarification, many are going to be left confused as to why they can’t charge their own vehicle as standard at 5pm. “And it’s not just drivers either. “Charge point manufacturers and installers have had to rush to get equipment ready for the changes, but progress for a lot of them has been stalled with supply chain issues, operating costs, and staffing shortages. “This legislation is designed to make the EV rollout easier, but right now it’s just causing uncertainty.”