Relations between the Duke of Cambridge and his younger brother the Duke of Sussex are reportedly still at "rock bottom". According to a friend, William thinks Harry has been "sucked into an alien world and there’s f*** all he can do about it". The insider told the Daily Mail that the Duke of Cambridge believes his sibling has "crossed a line". The source said: "He’s thrown accusation after accusation, knowing that silence is the family’s only option because it doesn’t want to get dragged into a public slanging match. "William is absolutely allergic to drama, but Harry has ensured that the family laundry is being aired on a global scale. "I think they will find themselves in a better position in the future, but not now. "And too much water has gone under the bridge for things to ever go back to the way they were. "Truthfully, William thinks Harry has been sucked into an alien world and there’s f*** all he can do about it. "But he does want Harry to be happy, and if he stops throwing dust in their faces, then maybe he will find a way to forgive and forget." The brothers, whose bond once appeared unbreakable, have been at the centre of an ongoing rift. READ MORE: Prince Harry to 'vanish in shadows' after Queen's reign ends Harry is living in California with Meghan Markle after the pair quit royal duties in 2020. The Duke of Sussex laid bare his rift with William to Oprah Winfrey in March last year. He told the US talk show host: ”The relationship is space at the moment. Time heals all things, hopefully." The bombshell interview saw Harry and Meghan make a series of explosive claims about the monarchy. DON'T MISSRoyal Family would be ‘foolish’ to reconcile with Meghan and Harry [INSIGHT]Royal Family: Harry irrelevant! William's 'brutal' Megxit verdict [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry ‘not willing to give up elite life’ [VIDEO] Harry said his father Prince Charles and older brother William were "trapped" in their royal roles. And Meghan claimed Kate made her cry ahead of her royal wedding, following previous reports it was the other way around. In April, the Duke of Sussex dodged a question on whether he missed Charles and William during an interview at the Invictus Games. Harry is also set to release a tell-all memoir later this year with the Royal Family likely bracing for further revelations. It comes as the Sussexes recently returned to Britain for the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend. They were absent from many of the festivities but did attend the service of thanksgiving where they were far across the aisle from the Cambridges. There was no obvious interaction shown on the television camera between Harry and William, or between Meghan and Kate. Express.co.uk has contacted Kensington Palace for comment. 