The Queen is settling down from what was a jam-packed four-day Platinum Jubilee bonanza, with events and celebrations observed up and down the country. Thousands gathered outside Buckingham Palace on the first day of the Jubilee bank holiday and managed to catch a glimpse of Her Majesty, who took to the balcony alone, and later led her family out for the annual Trooping the Colour. It was uncertain whether the 96-year-old would make another appearance, the Palace having said that her presence would only be confirmed on the day. Hopes appeared to be dashed when she "reluctantly" pulled out of the Epsom Derby on the Saturday, believed to be one of her favourite events of the year. It came as no surprise: the monarch has recently struggled with "mobility issues", forcing her to miss out on several key events in the royal calendar, including the State Opening of Parliament earlier this year. But, against all the odds, on Sunday — the last day of the Jubilee celebrations — defiantly, she once again took to the Palace balcony to round off an historic event that will be remembered for years to come. Now, many, like Howard Hodgson, a royal commentator and author of 'Charles - The Man Who Will Be King', believe that the Queen should see out the rest of her reign in relative calm and quiet, the sort of environment in which she lived for most of the coronavirus pandemic lockdown at Windsor Castle with her late husband, Prince Philip. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Hogdson noted the Queen's "mental and physical frailty", and that "when you get to 96 nothing works quite as well as it once did". He said he believed Her Majesty deserved "dignity", and said: "I think [the Royal Family] will make sure we don't see too much of her." Asked whether he believed the Firm would now be keen to protect the Queen, he added: "I think so, yes, and I think she has every right to see out these last few years of her life with as much dignity as possible — I think that is what will happen. "The Queen's health has probably suffered some acceleration of deterioration because of two things that have happened: the first being [the death of] her husband. She always loved Prince Philip, and the situation was that when you actually lose somebody that you've been with for over 70 years it is a very big drain on you and it must be quite lonely without him. JUST IN: Queen tipped to have taught George valuable lesson with Jubilee skit "Very often, when one partner dies, the other one errantly either dies in a short space of time too or could be in a situation of actually becoming much more reclusive and depressed. "The other thing that's happened is the coronavirus pandemic. If you do something every day you won't lose it, and I think COVID-19 broke huge amounts of routine with the queen because everyone was locked up." Following her Jubilee celebrations, the Queen sent a message of thanks to people around the UK and the world, in a statement saying: "When it comes to how to mark seventy years as your Queen, there is no guidebook to follow. "It really is a first. But I have been humbled and deeply touched that so many people have taken to the streets to celebrate my Platinum Jubilee. DON'T MISS Star Trek's Borg Queen star Alice Krige on possible return to Picard [REPORT] Have Your Say: Should Harry and Meghan visit the UK more? [INSIGHT] Queen taking Harry's titles was Meghan's 'most painful' moment [ANALYSIS] "While I may not have attended every event in person, my heart has been with you all; and I remain committed to serving you to the best of my ability, supported by my family. "I have been inspired by the kindness, joy and kinship that has been so evident in recent days, and I hope this renewed sense of togetherness will be felt for many years to come. "I thank you most sincerely for your good wishes and for the part you have all played in these happy celebrations." To top off the weekend's events, the Queen's Platinum Jubilee Pageant was thrown, a party which saw tens of thousands of people gather on The Mall and sing the National Anthem, while members of the Firm smiled and waved to the crowds. Since the celebrations, the Queen has pulled out of more events. It was announced this week that she would not attend the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham in July, with Prince Charles, her son and heir, taking her place. Reports suggest that he will likely be accompanied by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, William and Kate. Other senior royals like Prince Edward and Princess Anne could also turn out for the event. It follows on from Her Majesty's sitting-out thanksgiving service held in her honour at St Paul's Cathedral last week after experiencing what was described as "discomfort" during the Trooping the Colour. A royal source, speaking after the Queen's birthday parade, told The Mirror: "Her Majesty enjoyed today immensely but episodic mobility issues were experienced during the course of the day. “A regrettable but sensible decision based on the journey, length of time involved and the physical demands a service at St Paul’s inevitably involves. “It was always Her Majesty’s hope that she would attend rather than a firm commitment.”