The Queen’s cousin Prince Michael,79, and his wife Marie-Christine, 77, are allegedly looking to retire from their public duties in the coming days. It is reported that they will make an official announcement soon which could coincide with Michael’s 80th birthday on July 4. However, this has not been confirmed and a spokesperson for the couple has not commented on the issue. Michael is a “non-working” royal but still undertakes more than 200 public engagements in the non-profit sector each year, funded by his household rather than the taxpayer. As a result of his imminent retirement, Express.co.uk asked readers whether they thought the Queen should consider following his example. In a poll that ran from 10am on Friday, June 17, to 11am on Sunday, June 19, Express.co.uk asked: “Should the Queen follow her cousin, Prince Michael, in considering retirement?” Overall 2,704 people cast their votes and readers were divided with a slight majority, 53 percent (1,420 people) answering “no”, Her Majesty should not follow Michael and consider retirement. Meanwhile, 46 percent (1,257 people) said “yes”, she should retire like her cousin. A further one percent (27 people) said they did not know either way. Dozens of readers shared their thoughts on the Queen retiring in the comments section below the accompanying article. One reader, username Foreigner4 said: “The Queen has shown she is still sharp as a tack. She is still doing her job although she is not seen as much.” Username NEVILLE said: “I think she has done a fantastic job in representing the country, I believe she should go on until she feels she wants to hand it over.” Another, username patwhyb3 said: “The Queen said she would reign till she died and she probably will do so. “However I notice that she is allowing other members of the royal family to cover for her at events, so I think that is a good thing.” DON'T MISS: 'Like ships passing in the night!' Camilla opens up about relationship with Prince Charles Others agreed that the Queen should continue in her role as long as she is mentally capable of doing so. Username RoyallyFrustrated said: “As long as she has her mental faculties, she is fit to serve-her mobility is irrelevant. As long as her mind is sharp – and it is, she should remain in control and let others do the legwork.” Username terri1010 wrote: “The Queen is best placed to make decisions. She is the ultimate boss lady, she could always delegate. She has the right to do exactly as she pleases.” And username Goldielover said: As long as she is of sound mind then it is her decision. If her physical problems become too much, or her mind begins failing, there is a mechanism in place to deal with that.” They added: “It's different for Prince Michael. He is not a full time working royal, although he does help out when asked. “I suspect all this means is that we will no longer see him helping out at garden parties, state dinners or among the numbers of the royals who attend Ascot. “It is obvious that both he and his wife are having a few mobility issues now, and perhaps this factors into his decision as well.” Some commented that the current structure of the Royal Family is working well and would allow for the Queen to step back. DON'T MISS Lilibet and Archie's future titles branded 'a big irony' as Harry risked being sidelined [UPDATE]Prince Andrew needs to ‘stay in background’ and NOT have new role created [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: ‘Deluded’ Andrew set to ruin Balmoral trip – ignoring William & Charles [LATEST] Username BalrobJoe said: “I think that the Queen should retire as she is still capable of advising Charles when he takes over and puts on the Crown, from the position of someone who has huge, invaluable experience.” Meanwhile, username L65 said: “She is our Queen and should remain so until she dies. The transition to Charles and William is working well as she steps back and that should continue. And username Journey said: “I wish her to retire so she can relish in whatever time she has left. “However, though she has been laying the groundwork for Charles to succeed to the throne upon her death, it would be nice if she could be around for guidance when he first takes over.”