Cousins Zara and Beatrice were spotted chatting amiably on the first day of Royal Ascot, one of the most anticipated horse racing events of the year. While analysing their exchange at the racecourse, a body language expert said the Queen's granddaughters were not putting on a show for the camera but genuinely enjoying each other's company. Speaking on behalf of Betfair Casino, Darren Stanton explained: "Earlier this week we saw Zara interacting with Princess Beatrice while attending Royal Ascot and you can tell from their exchanges that they share a close relationship. "So often when public figures are in a public environment and aware of the media present, they can fabricate a level of happiness or enjoyment - Zara and Beatrice, however, have both a genuine and great familial bond and friendship." He added: "As the two women stood talking their bodies were turned in towards each other, with a noticeable symmetry visible when it came to their feet. "Both women held their bodies in a relaxed manner when indulging in conversation, showing genuine smiles, with their faces totally engaged as they laughed and joked with one another." On Ascot's first day, Beatrice and Zara were seen walking through the racecourse and meeting fellow racegoers. Among them, was Prince Charles, who was greeted by both his nieces with a kiss on the cheek. On the day they appeared at Ascot, Zara and Beatrice were joined by their husbands Mike Tindall and Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. While the couples did not take part in the carriage procession on Tuesday, Princess Beatrice and Edo shared the third carriage on Wednesday. READ MORE: Eugenie and Beatrice 'stuck to their seats' to prevent Harry photo-op They were accompanied by Princess Alexandra, the Queen's cousin and close confidant, and the Countess Mountbatten of Burma. And on Thursday, also known as Ladies' Day at Ascot, it was Zara and Mike's turn to take the centre stage. The couple joined on the first carriage Princess Anne and her husband Sir Timothy Laurence. Many members of the Firm share the Queen's love for horses and the races. Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, however, is not believed to be among them, purely because she is reportedly allergic to the animals. Nevertheless, she has regularly appeared at Royal Ascot since joining the Royal Family. And she hasn't prevented her children from taking on horseriding, as Princess Charlotte, Prince Louis and Prince George are all reportedly enamoured with the sport. Ascot is believed to be one of the first events pencilled in the Queen's calendar every year. In the past, Her Majesty would normally attend all five days of the event. In 2021, one year after the races had to take place behind closed doors, the monarch only visited Ascot on its last day. This year, Her Majesty has yet to make an appearance at the racecource, but royal sources said she is keen to see in person some of her horses performing. Ahead of the beginning of Ascot, the Queen penned a message to racegoers included in the meeting's programme. It read: "I am delighted to welcome you to the first Royal Ascot with a full attendance since 2019. "After the challenges of recent times, this year's Royal Meeting provides a long-awaited opportunity for supporters of racing from all over the world to come together for five days of outstanding sport. "Once again, it is thrilling that horses from around the globe have travelled to Royal Ascot to compete at the highest level."