Princess Beatrice of York announced her plans to marry Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi in 2019, and royal fans were truly dazzled by the huge ring she flaunted in her engagement portraits. Bucking the recent royal trend for sapphire sparklers, Beatrice's engagement ring features classic diamonds on a platinum band and it was designed by Shaun Leane.  Beatrice's ring has an Art Deco theme to it, and the central stone is only further complemented by the addition of "added sparkle". Engagement ring specialist, Maxwell Stone, said: “Princess Beatrice’s ring is an absolute stunner. "A six-claw round diamond takes centre stage, which looks to be around three carats. "The round diamond shoulders two tapered baguettes, which gives the ring a vintage feel and Art Deco-inspired look.  READ MORE: Lilibet and Archie tipped to receive title from Prince Charles "For added sparkle, the ring also features small pavé diamonds halfway around the band. "From the images, it’s clear the diamonds are VVS grade, which means they have minuscule inclusions that are difficult even for trained eyes to see under 10x magnification. The diamonds look flawless." Mr Stone highlighted that there are major similarities between Beatrice's stunning ring and the rings worn by the Queen and Meghan Markle, the Duchess of Sussex. Strikingly, the Queen and Princess Beatrice's rings both have Art Deco designs.   The Queen received her diamond engagement ring from Prince Philip in 1946, and it incorporates diamonds from a tiara owned by Philip's mother, Princess Alice of Battenberg. A central diamond is sandwiched by clusters of diamonds on either side, and poignantly the Queen still wears the ring following Philip's death last April. With regards to Meghan Markle's engagement ring, both hers and Beatrice's includes a central diamond from Botswana. Meghan's engagement ring features a central stone flanked by two smaller diamonds, although Meghan's diamonds are set on a yellow gold band rather than platinum.  DON'T MISS:Carole Middleton's 42nd wedding anniversary - a look at her £200k ring [INSIGHT]Queen engagement ring: Inside Prince Philip's romantic proposal [PICTURES]Princess Charlene swaps engagement ring for Cartier ring - here's why [ANALYSIS] The main diamond in Meghan's ring was sourced from Botswana because that's where Harry and Meghan visited during their early relationship, and the two smaller diamonds come from the jewellery collection of Prince Harry's late mother, Princess Diana. Mr Stone added: "Not only does Beatrice’s ring have a special connection to Meghan, as both of their engagement rings feature diamonds ethically sourced from Botswana, but it also bears resemblance to the Queen’s as they both sport a beautiful Art Deco design." Another similarity between these three royal engagement rings is that Edoardo, Philip and Harry all had a role to play in designing the respective rings they would give their brides-to-be. While her sparkler is undoubtedly priceless in Beatrice's eyes, the stunning ring is estimated to be worth a staggering six-figure sum. Mr Stone said: "I would estimate the value of this ring to be around £130,000 to £140,000. "Thanks to its royal legacy, this will no doubt increase in years to come.” 