Alison Hernandez, who is Devon and Cornwall's Police and Crime Commissioner, praised officers who led a crackdown on drug users and dealers allegedly involved in county lines in the region. Speaking after the operation, the 48-year-old politician told of her concern at how cannabis causes "psychosis and actual harm to individuals". She said: "Cannabis, potentially, should probably be a class A, not a class B drug. The level of psychosis and actual harm to individuals by taking these drugs is so great that I would never look to legalise it. "You could talk about the legalisation of alcohol and tobacco, but hey, we’ve still got an illicit industry in the sale of those as well. So it doesn’t even take away the black market." The huge drug operation saw dog handlers and dogs, drone pilots, custody officers, special constables, response officers, neighbourhood officers and detectives work together to target drug dealers, particularly those involved in the insidious business of county lines, shuttling drugs and money back and forth between towns in the south-west and their bosses back up in the metropolitan areas of the north, like Liverpool. Ms Hernandez told Plymouth Live the work has been very effective.    She said: "It’s been really fantastic to have Merseyside police officers come down to Devon and Cornwall to try and arrest their own people who are doing drug dealing in our community. "So they were looking for Liverpudlians and others but it was really great to see the efforts made by Merseyside officers. "Police are really focused on it (drug crime) as a priority. "We are going to have a record number of police officers by the end of this financial year that Devon and Cornwall have ever had; 3,610. So we are saying, now you've got the people, let's try and make sure that we're focusing on the things that matter to the community."   Cannabis was downgraded from Class B to Class C in 2004 by the Government primarily to free police to focus on "more serious" and harmful drugs such as heroin, cocaine and crack cocaine. As a result of the reclassification, within the first year, arrests for cannabis possession fell by around a third, saving an estimated 199,000 hours of police time, as well as court time. But in the years that followed there were increasing concerns over the modifications being made to cannabis by criminals, making it stronger and more harmful. A study by King's College of London study, based on a study of 780 people in South London, suggested the risk of psychosis was three times higher for users of the more potent "skunk" cannabis than for non-users. The study found the use of hash, the milder form of the drug, was not associated with an increased risk of psychosis. Cannabis was reclassified as a Class B drug in January 2009. It has remained, for many years, the most widely used illegal drug in the UK. Ms Hernandez continued: "I think our communities have stopped reporting drug dealing where they see it because they think the police aren’t going to act. I think that they assume that it will never go away. "Twenty years I’ve been around where we’ve been trying to tackle drug dealing and anti-social drug-taking, and we’ve not cracked it yet. So this is why this Operation Medusa, of actually bringing specialist officers down, really cracking down hard on the enforcement side and then working with the communities to improve drug treatment, is the way forward." Chief Supt Roy Linden, South Devon commander, also praised Merseyside Police for clamping down on drug crime and he agreed with the commissioner about establishing a good relationship between the police and the public. He said: "This starts and finishes with the community. It starts on what the community tells us. Not assuming that it's something that we already know. "We develop that information. We provide it into our own forces. So, we target dangerous drug networks 24/7 all throughout the year. "But when we have the opportunity to ask for support from national and regional policing colleagues, then that leads to what we’ve done over the last couple of days." 