Manchester United, according to reports, would love to have Jurrien Timber and Frenkie de Jong in for medicals by the time their involvement with the Netherlands is over. However, given recent comments from the pair, that currently looks unlikely. And whether Erik ten Hag can bring them to Old Trafford remains to be seen. Manchester United are aiming to strengthen their side following a dire season under Ralf Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. And De Jong and Timber are two players in their sights, with the duo both playing under Ten Hag in the past. According to 90min, United would love to bring the duo in for medicals by the time their involvement with the Netherlands comes to an end. But, given their recent comments, that seems unlikely. With De Jong, there doesn’t appear to be much appetite for a move to Old Trafford. Barcelona would only accept huge money for the 25-year-old and, with United lacking Champions League football, there are many obstacles currently in the way. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings And De Jong made it clear where his allegiances lie when he was quizzed on his future earlier in the week. "Barcelona is just my dream club. Also from a young age. I just said it too,” he said. “I’ve never regretted my choice despite the fact that I had hoped for more in terms of prizes than I've achieved so far. But I have never regretted my choice.” And he added: "What I'm saying, there is absolutely nothing of an agreement or anything official. At the moment there is no question of it at all. "Not that I know of in any case. Or they must not have told me, but I don't think so." DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag With De Jong, it seems like United could be wasting their time. He loves Barcelona too much to go and the club can’t pressure him into leaving, even if they need to balance their finances. And it seems like United’s plan is ambitious when it comes to Timber, too. The Ajax star developed well under Ten Hag, with the new United boss keen on a reunion at Old Trafford. But Timber, like De Jong, has suggested he’s happy at his current club and not looking to move. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "Of course I can develop further there [Ajax],” he said. “I am 100 percent sure of that. I don't feel like I'm done at the club. But I can also develop at other clubs. “In the end, my gut feeling will be the deciding factor. The picture has to be right. “You can go to a big club. But if you're not going to play there, it's better to stay with Ajax. “And Ajax is also a big club. We play football in the Champions League and I play there together with the best players in the Netherlands. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “That is not nothing.” Given Timber’s stance, it also appears United will face a fight to bring him in. Especially those comments about Champions League football, something the Red Devils are unable to offer. The Netherlands are due to tackle Belgium, Wales and Poland in the coming weeks. And whether United have made any progress whatsoever by then remains to be seen.