The menopause comes with a whole range of symptoms, with weight gain being one of them. In some cases, this can lead to increased stress levels but experts have advised if people want to reduce their waistline, they have to manage their stress, too.  Stress can have many effects on a person, which can lead to over-eating. Dr Pamela Peeke said not to "disregard that link". "There is a stress-fat connection," she explained. "If you walk around completely stressed all the time, your cortisol levels will increase, and that will make it easy for you to deposit fat deep inside the belly." READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake And all the worry can affect how a person eats and exercises. "This is a really important time for women to look at their stressors,” said Dr Sylvia Garcia. "Though you can’t remove stress completely from your life, you can find ways to manage it." Diet-wise, she suggested women going through the change to give "meatless Mondays" a try. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] In addition to helping people lose weight, she advised that eating a vegetarian meal at least once a week will reduce a person's saturated fat intake. This can protect from chronic conditions like heart disease, according to the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics. "On days when you decide to go meatless, centre your meal around vegetables and add beans or lentils to make sure you’re getting enough protein," Dr Garcia said. She recommended staying motivated as seeing results will keep a person going. "We all go through periods where we are more driven than other times to lose weight,” she said. "As your motivation ebbs and flows, don’t give up: You might not feel inspired to eat right and exercise today, but tomorrow is a new day and another opportunity to make healthy choices." It's important to stay active during the menopause and exercise is a good stress reliever.  Being active has been proven to improve moods and help people relax. Muscle loss begins when a person hits their 40s and will continue unless they make an effort to be physically active. Aerobic exercise such as walking, biking, and swimming can help keep you fit but strength training is the key to fighting muscle loss, according to the International Osteoporosis Foundation.