Rylan Clark, 33, could not contain his emotion yesterday as he watched the Red Arrows’ flypast during Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The presenter took to Twitter to share his reaction with his 1.7 million followers as the nation marked the Queen’s 70 years of service. He admitted he and his mother were overcome with emotion at the impressive display. Rylan wrote: “Me and mummy cried at the red arrows. What a day,” alongside a string of UK flag emojis. Other social media users replied to the TV star’s tweet sharing their own experiences. Annbrown4705 said: “I see the red arrows nearly every day practising & they give me goose bumps every time I see them. They usually do the red, white & blue as they fly home. “The Lancaster & spitfires are often flying round. “Love living in bomber county.” (sic) Jade_BP shared a video of the fly-over and said: “Managed to catch them flying over Windsor Castle.” TheSimonC90 tweeted: “The pros of living under a flightpath haha.” Lunchtimelady penned: “You should live in Lincolnshire then! “I was at work today as the Lancaster went over on the way to London, and again we heard the roar of the engines go overhead as she returned home.” But Rylan was not the only well-known face to celebrate the Queen’s 70 years on the throne, with celebrities including footballing legend David Beckham paying tribute to Her Majesty. The sportsman praised the Monarch’s "inspirational leadership" before adding that he can't wait to celebrate with a "great British party”. DON'T MISS Jeremy Clarkson reacts as EU flag flown amid Queen's Platinum Jubilee [UPDATE]Carol Kirkwood's blunt reply to BBC shake-up claims [LATEST]Gary Lineker slammed for jibe about Johnny Depp and Amber Heard trial [INSIGHT] In view of his 73 million Instagram followers, David wrote: “Today, we celebrate our Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. “70 years of service and inspirational leadership of our country. “Let’s come together and commemorate her remarkable reign with a great British party these next few days.” He also shared the snap on Facebook, where he added in the comments: “Have a wonderful day everyone!” Similarly, David’s wife Victoria’s Spice Girls bandmate Geri Halliwell commended the Queen’s “inspirational leadership”. She took to Instagram to share with her 1.2 million followers a picture of herself and her bandmates waiting in line for Her Majesty to greet them. For the royal meeting, Geri donned a sparkly white dress, while the Queen chose a bright yellow short-sleeved dress. She captioned the throwback snap: “HRH, our Queen ‘s 7O years of service and inspirational leadership.”