Lorraine Kelly told Ruth Langsford how nice it was to see the couple out together at Royal Ascot as she welcomed her on to her ITV chat show. Former This Morning host Ruth explained Eamonn Holmes, 62, had to use a stick to get around due to his back problems but that they had "a great day out" and her husband was "smiling". Eamonn was forced to take some time off his GB News duties after he was recently rushed to hospital in "excruciating pain". He has suffered from long-term health difficulties over the last few years, and suffered another frightening blow recently. Eamonn has previously opened up about his battle with chronic back pain after a dislocated pelvis led to three slipped discs. The presenter had to miss out on covering the recent Jubilee celebrations after he was rushed to A&E. READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint Thankfully, he seems to be back to full health as was pictured, smiling, alongside Ruth, 62, as they enjoyed a day at Royal Ascot. "So lovely to see you and Eamonn out and about!" Lorraine told Ruth on Monday. "How's he doing? I know he's had terrible back problems and all of that." She added: "It must be so difficult and somehow he smiles through it all, he manages to do that." "Well, he was there," Ruth replied. "He still had his stick with him because he's got these discs in his back, but he was out, he was smiling and it was a beautiful day." As a picture of the husband and wife beaming in the sunshine at the annual event was shown, she continued: "We had a great day out, so yeah." "Good," Lorraine remarked. "I'm pleased, I'm very, very pleased." Describing his A&E experience recently, Eamonn said: "At times I had to ask myself if this was the same NHS I’d heard described on TV as broken, inefficient, wasteful and not fit for purpose. "From where I was lying nothing could be further from the truth." DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Stacey has bipolar relapse after stress of Jean [THEORY]Flog It's star shares one antique to buy which will 'go up in value' [EXCLSUIVE]Coronation Street theory: Exit for Phil as Hope destroys wedding [THEORY] The broadcaster thanked the NHS as he admitted the experience has hammered home to him the importance of the service. In an Express.co.uk column, he added: "It's not an experience I wish to repeat anytime soon - not least because ambulances seem to be vehicles devoid of any suspension. "But there ends any criticism I have of our amazing NHS." He went on: "My carers were from Northern Ireland, the Philippines and Africa. They were underpaid and understaffed. "Brexit has robbed them of many European folk who used to keep the health system going and on a daily basis, Covid still hammers those left standing because it means colleagues are often off sick. "I was left asking myself how the hell do they keep saving lives under these conditions day-after-day? But they did. There was no let-up and no respite." Eamonn has since returned to his GB News presenting role and appears to be over the worst of his condition. He and Ruth had been staples on ITV's This Morning before he made a controversial move to GB News last year. Lorraine airs weekdays from 10am on ITV, while Breakfast with Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster airs Monday to Thursday from 6am on GB News. For Eamonn's full column, click here.