Naga Munchetty, 47, discussed Monday’s vote of no-confidence after Prime Minister Boris Johnson won by a slim majority. A total of 211 Conservative MPs voted that they were confident in Mr Johnson, whereas 148 voted that they were not. While hosting Radio 5 Live today, Naga spoke to BBC correspondents who were scattered around the UK to get a feel for the public’s opinion.Midlands-based correspondent, Phil Mackie, spoke to locals in Northfield, Birmingham.He discussed how Northfield was a target seat for the Tories after switching from Labour in the 2019 general election, for the first time since 1992.Phil then told Naga that there is a sense that people are becoming “tired with the whole debate” and some would like to “see a line drawn over what happened last night”. READ MORE:Kirstie Allsopp blasts commentator for 'clearly loathing' Royal Family Naga responded: “You know what Phil... I can’t imagine that there is much patience with the public.“In the sense that they just don’t want to talk about it anymore.  “I think a lot of them do feel that way, don’t they?  “I mean, move on!” Phil agreed, saying: “Yeah, you get that sense.“I think people have opinions, but it’s like, ‘I don’t really want to talk about it’,” he sighed.The vote of no-confidence was triggered when Sir Graham Brady, leader of the 1922 Committee, received enough letters from Conservative MPs voicing their concerns about Boris Johnson’s leadership.After the results were announced on Monday evening, Mr Johnson addressed his cabinet and said it was time to “draw a line” under the issues. DON'T MISSPiers Morgan reacts as ‘Aunty Meghan’ tweet sparks 'woke fan' fury[INSIGHT]Liz Hurley, 56, celebrates Platinum Jubilee in tiny white bikini[PICTURES]Zoe Ball blamed for 'painful' Jubilee version of Sweet Caroline[LATEST] Several famous faces have spoken out since Mr Johnson survived the confidence vote.Piers Morgan said: “This is the worst possible result for the Conservatives.“Political victories don’t get much more pyrrhic than this.”Andrew Neil added: “Mr Johnson getting only 211 votes is disappointing for the PM. “He lives to fight another day but two major by-election losses loom on June 23rd, the cost-of-living crisis will worsen.“And the Commons privileges committee has yet to opine on whether he misled the House.”And Gary Lineker wrote: “This government’s rhetoric has proved to be so divisive for the country that they’ve even managed to divide their own party.  “Quite the achievement.”