The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge led members of the Firm at Ascot Racecourse today as they took a seat in the first carriage part of the royal procession. This marks the first appearance of Kate and William at the much-anticipated races this year. It also marks another first for the royal couple, who never rode in the first carriage as part of the Ascot royal procession. Today, Kate and William shared the carriage with The Hon Arthur George Vestey, whose elder brother is a close friend of the Duke and a fellow Old Etonian, and his wife Martha. Arthur is also the son of the Queen's friend and former Master of the Horse, Baron Samuel Vestey. The decision to ride in the carriage with the Vesteys was described as a "lovely gesture" by royal commentator Richard Eden. He wrote on Twitter: "Lovely gesture by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge to invite Arthur and his wife, Martha, to travel in their carriage. "Arthur lost both his parents during the pandemic. "His father, Lord Vestey, would often ride in the Queen's carriage." On their way to the racecourse, Kate and William were spotted chatting amiably with their guests. READ MORE: Eugenie and Beatrice 'stuck to their seats' to prevent Harry photo-op As the wind was blowing, Kate had to hold on to her hat at one point to make sure it remained in place. As their carriage entered the racecourse and passed in front of the enclosures, Kate smiled widely and waved to the crowds of fans who have been gathering over the past few hours. The only other member of the Firm to take part in the procession today is Peter Phillips, Princess Anne's son. He was in the company of his girlfriend Lindsay Wallace, who was also spotted in the royal box during the Platinum Jubilee Pageant on June 5. DON'T MISS They shared the carriage with the Duke and Duchess of Bedford. Among other notable racegoers spotted today at Ascot there was Carrie Johnson, the wife of Prime Minister Boris Johnson. One notable absent today was the Queen, who has yet to head to the racecourse this year. In past years, the royal racing fan would attend every day of the event. Last year, she headed to Ascot only on its final day, accompanied by her racing manager, John Warren. The Queen has been experiencing episodic mobility issues, which have forced her to pull out of a number of events since last October. Most recently, Her Majesty missed the service of the Garter on Monday. However, she attended the investiture ceremony held prior behind closed doors at Windsor Castle. Kate and Prince William don't attend as many equestrian events as other members of the Firm. While the Duke is a keen horse rider and polo player, the Duchess is reportedly allergic to horses. Nevertheless, she is believed to have encouraged her three children to pick up horseriding.