BBC Two will be screening its adaptation of My Name Is Leon tomorrow (June 10) at 9pm with the film available on catch up via the BBC iPlayer following broadcast. My Name Is Leon tells the heartbreaking story of a mix-raced boy in 1980s Birmingham desperately trying to reunite his family after being placed in care. Audiences will be taken on a journey as the determined nine-year-old, with the help of his carer, go on a quest to find his blonde-haired, blue-eyed baby brother Jake. Making his television debut is child star Cole Martin, who gives a moving portrayal as the lead character Leon. He has also starred in the thriller Witness No. 3 which comes out in 2022. Taking on the role of Tufty Burrows is Malachi Kirby, who has won acclaim on both sides of the Atlantic with roles in Black Mirror, Roots, Curfew and Devils. He has previously starred in EastEnders, Small Axe, Doctor Who, and will next be appearing in Neil Gaiman’s Anansi Boys and video game Squadron 42 which are in post-production. Character actress takes on the role of Leon’s carer Maureen, who aids the youngster as he tries to find his infant sibling. Dolan is no stranger to screens, often slipping under the skin of her characters and most recently starred in The Thief, His Wife and the Canoe. She has also featured in W1A, Vanity Fair, Strike, The Casual Vacancy, while her film work includes Pride, The Falling, Sightseers, and Eye in the Sky. The actress also received a BAFTA for her chilling performance as serial killer Rosemary West in ITV’s factual drama Appropriate Adult. Acclaimed actress Olivia Williams plays Sylvia after parts in Manhattan, The Halcyon, Counterpart, and The Nevers. She has also featured in movies The Ghost, An Education, Rushmore, and The Sixth Sense. Williams will next be appearing in The Trouble with Jessica and TV series Funny Woman. Rising star Poppy Lee Friar takes on the part of Carol after appearing in Ackley Bridge, Mr Selfridge, My Cousin Rachel, and In My Skin. Friar is going to be playing Emily Brontë in the new project The Brontes, which also features Game of Thrones actor Daniel Portman. Actress, writer and dancer Shobna Gulati plays social worker Salma, who speaks to Leon about the care arrangements. Gulati is best known as Sunita Alahan on Coronation Street but has gone on to feature in Where the Heart Is, Dinnerladies, Doctor Who, In The Club and River City. Veteran actor Christopher Eccleston takes on the role of Devlin. Eccleston is best known as playing the Ninth Time Lord in Doctor Who as well as starring in The A Word, Close to Me, Dodger, 28 Days Later, and Shallow Grave. Sir Lenny Henry takes on the role of Mr Johnson, with the national treasure known for his comedy as well as straight roles in Hope and Glory, Broadchurch, The Syndicate, and Danny and the Human Zoo. He is next going to be starring in Amazon Prime’s The Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power and also Netflix’s fantasy series The Witches: Blood Origin. Speaking to the BBC, Sir Lenny said: "Kit's writing is so vivid and pictorial, when I was doing the audiobook I could see the characters in my head. "I rang my office and said 'we've got to do something with this' and six years later, here we are." Other cast members include Leemore Marrett Jr., Matt Kennard, James Eeles, Tina Louise Owens, and John Alan Roberts. My Name is Leon airs on BBC Two tomorrow at 9pm