Darwin Nunez is said to be 'intrigued' about the prospect of joining Erik ten Hag at Manchester United, according to reports. The Uruguayan international striker has made his way towards the top of the Dutchman's summer shortlist but as of now, a deal is not close. Nunez is one of the most attractive forward options on the market and he is not short of interest either. Atletico Madrid, Paris Saint-Germain, Liverpool, Newcastle, West Ham and United are amongst his long list of potential suitors. Yet United are believed to be among the frontrunners for his signature and there is seemingly good news on that front. According to The i, Nunez is 'intrigued' by the idea of joining United and it's a project that would appeal to him. READ MORE: Benfica respond to Man Utd 'swap deal offer for Darwin Nunez' with counter proposal READ MORE: Benfica respond to Man Utd 'swap deal offer for Darwin Nunez' with counter proposal Nunez would technically be replacing his international team-mate Edinson Cavani, who has already offered rave reviews of his compatriot. El Matador is set to leave United on a free transfer but in Nunez, the club would be signing a long-term solution in attack. Cristiano Ronaldo needs additional support and competition in attack and there's a sense that Nunez could be the perfect recruit. He will not come cheap though with Benfica set to demand upwards of £67million. READ MOREMan Utd can pay £2m more for better signing if Ajax star Jurrien Timber snubs transferBenfica respond to Man Utd 'swap deal offer for Darwin Nunez' with counter proposalLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting The Portuguese giants are hoping to oversee a bidding war that could eventually drive the price tag closer to £100m. United cannot offer Champions League football, something that could come back to haunt them further down the line. There have been mixed claims on whether Nunez is actually insistent on playing in Europe's elite club competition next season. If that is the case, a move to United could be ruled out alongside Newcastle and West Ham. Liverpool's interest in Nunez is genuine following the shock developments involving Sadio Mane, who wants to leave Anfield. The Senegal international wants to embark on a new challenge meaning Liverpool need to recruit in attack. Luis Diaz could effectively replace Mane on the left side of Liverpool's attack but further down the line, they will need another big signing to fill the void left behind by the 30-year-old.