Leeds star Raphinha is reportedly 'open to everything' in regards to an exit from Elland Road this season. There is interest from a plethora of the continent's leading clubs in the Brazilian winger, with Arsenal one club keen on his talents. The 25-year-old has thoroughly impressed at Leeds, scoring 17 goals in 65 league appearances for the Whites. His exploits have seen him star for his country, and his ability to shine in the top-flight has seen him become a transfer target for Arsenal, Tottenham and Barcelona amongst others. It's thought Leeds want £47million (€55m) to sell him and clubs are starting to weigh up a move for his services. And according to transfer insider Dean Jones on the Ranks FC podcast, Raphinha is almost certain to leave the Yorkshire club this summer. With Leeds failing to qualify for Europe last season, Raphinha has reportedly attracted offers from a lot of Europe's elite, including Barcelona and Arsenal. The Gunners may be at a disadvantage given Barca qualified for the Champions League with Mikel Arteta's men only achieving Europa League football next season but Raphinha is said to be willing to consider all clubs. Even the Europa League might be an enticing opportunity for the Brazilian given Leeds' 17th-placed finish last season and Jones suggests that the attacker is open to everything this summer. With fellow Leeds star Kalvin Phillips also likely to depart to Manchester City this summer, manager Jesse Marsch will have a huge rebuild on his hands. And he admitted last month that it is currently a stressful time at Elland Road given the mountain they will have to climb if their two prize assets leave. "It’s been a stressful time," the American said. "We will have a meeting in a few days to build that roster and this club to represent what we want to be. A team always changes. From the academy upwards we want to maximise potential.” The club have already signed Brenden Aaronson and Rasmus Nissen Kristensen this summer, with Bayern Munich star Marc Roca also set to join for a fee of around £10m. They will look to build on their Premier League finish last season which saw them start the final day in the drop zone. But with the loss of their two stars, it remains to be seen just how well they will fare. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here