Kate was suitably fashionable as she arrived at St Paul's Cathedral with Prince William to attend the service of thanksgiving for the Platinum Jubilee. The Duchess donned a yellow ensemble and appeared in high spirits as she chatted with the clergymen lined up to welcome the royals in attendance. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** The Cambridges were very warmly welcomed by the crowds gathered outside the cathedral. Sky News commentator and royal correspondent Rhiannon Mills said the pair had received the biggest cheer from members of the public. On the other hand, other prominent arrivals - the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's and Prime Minister Boris Johnson and his wife Carries' - were marred by boos. Unlike the other members of the Firm who had arrived before them, the Duke and Duchess did not immediately take their seats but, rather, waited for the arrival of Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. This is because the four senior royals took part in the procession through St Paul's nave, led by the Archbishop of York. The other attendees were already seated as the Cambridges, the Prince of Wales and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall made their entrance. Among them, there were also Prince Harry and Meghan, who travelled from California earlier this week to celebrate the Queen's milestone in person. The Sussexes returned to Britain with their two children - Lilibet 'Lili' Diana and Archie Harrison. READ MORE: Piers Morgan's dig at Meghan Markle after Prince Louis' reaction While the Sussexes and the Cambridges had already met yesterday while watching the Trooping the Colour parade together from the Major General's Office overlooking Horse Guards Parade, this marks the first time in more than two years Kate and Meghan are publicly seen at an official event. However, there was no interaction between the Sussexes and the Cambridges during the service, as the couples were sat metres away from one another. This choice may be due to the royal pecking order. Kate and William sat next to Prince Charles, Camilla and Princess Anne, who are also prominent working royals.  On the other hand, Meghan and Harry were near Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank - two beloved members of the Firm despite not being full-time working members of the family. Eugenie and Jack are also known to be close friends with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Given her prominent role within the Royal Family, Kate is taking the centre stage throughout this Jubilee weekend. She was among the working royals taking part in the Trooping of the Colour parade and the following balcony appearance. Tomorrow, she has been tasked with Prince William to head to Wales and join the Platinum Jubilee Celebration Concert at Cardiff Castle. There, they will learn about the show's lighting, sound and visual effects before rolling up their sleeves and helping with some final preparations. It is not known whether Meghan and Prince Harry will attend other Jubilee events during their stay in the UK. Other engagements open to all members of the family are the Epsom Derby and the Buckingham Palace concert taking place tomorrow. The Duke and Duchess could also take part in the Jubilee pageant on Sunday. On Saturday, however, their focus will likely be on their daughter, who is turning one. While it isn't known whether they will celebrate the event with other members of the Firm, they have been tipped to share the special day with the Queen, who is unlikely to attend the events planned for her Jubilee tomorrow.