Gogglebox legend Tom Malone has left fans very impressed with his latest charity venture - a sponsored abseil to raise money for lung cancer research. The Malone family patriarch is currently on a break from filming the Channel 4 show, but he hasn’t let that slow him down. While the Gogglebox stars await the start of filming again in September, Tom has thrown himself into his fundraising efforts. A video of Tom and his wife Julie appeared on the Malone family’s joint Instagram page. "Try and guess what I've got him doing!” said Julie. “What have I got you doing, Tom?" she asked. “I’m doing an abseil for the Roy Castle Lung Cancer charity… Did I get that right? It’s a bit of a mouthful, isn’t it?” Tom said. “It was, it was but you got it right, you got there in the end, love,” replied Julie, patting his shoulder. Julie explained Tom would be abseiling down the tower at the Trafford Centre. “It’s pretty high, but you know, sometimes I need a bit of help with heights, don’t I?” asked Tom. “Because I’m a short a**e.” Julie agreed, before giving followers the link to donate to Tom’s special cause, and Tom signed off by asking their fans to “come and say hello”. Tom’s fans flocked to show their support - though several of them pointed out the link they had posted alongside the video didn’t work if they clicked on it directly. Jackie wrote: “you guys awesome ,Tom what kind and awesome thing to do… tried to click on link not working xx”. DON'T MISS...Shirley Ballas bids 'difficult farewell' as she issues health update [UPDATE] Victoria Beckham sends warning to David amid time away on Father's Day [LATEST] Donny Osmond thought he was ‘going crazy’ amid health battle [INSIGHT] Firecracker.92 echoed: “Link doesn't work but well done Tom sure you'll be amazing”. Bluebell40 added: “Aww well done such a lovely couple”. In a follow up video, Tom and Julie explained the link only worked if you copied and pasted it into your browser, with Tom teasing Julie for the gaffe. “I reckon for this mess up, Julie should be going down the tower, because she put me up to this, it was Julie’s idea!” he quipped. “If you turn up on the day, encourage Julie to jump down it instead of me, will you?” “No, no let him do it,” said Julie. “It’s not my fault if the link’s not taking you there.” “It’s never your fault is it,” Tom joked back. Tom and Julie appear on Gogglebox with their children Vanessa and Shaun, while their other son Tom Jr. also used to star on the show too until he quit last year.