Although Mr Johnson won the confidence vote comfortably with 211 MPs supporting him, 148 voted against him. Speaking to presenter Mark Urban, former Conservative Party treasurer Lord Marland admitted that the Prime Minister was "very rattled" by the opposition.  However, the peer who met Mr Johnson on Tuesday afternoon said that the Prime Minister was "determined" to "deliver" for the British people. He said: "Well of course he's rattled. I saw him this afternoon and he is very rattled by it. "But I was struck by firstly how chastened he was and secondly how determined he is to deliver an agenda for the British people. "In terms of dealing with food security, energy security.  "Which are going to be the two looming crises. "And of course his performance on Ukraine has been excellent and I think we'll see more of that." It comes as Mr Johnson held a cabinet meeting with the cameras rolling insisting that his victory in the no confidence vote meant that "draw a line under issues our opponents want to talk about." He went on to urge ministers to cut costs and ensure the Government could deliver economic growth by cutting taxes. READ MORE: Lib Dems hatch new plot to oust Boris TODAY as Davey scrambles   Downing Street also said that it wasn't aware that Mr Johnson was investigating if any ministers voted against him in the secret ballot. It also said that the PM didn't have any plans to reshuffle his cabinet. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said it was time to "move on" from the partygate debacle and denied she was about to launch a leadership bid. However, Thatcher era veteran Sir Roger Gale, a consistent critic of Mr Johnson, said it was "highly doubtful" that he could survive in number 10 beyond the autumn. DON'T MISS:  'More like Berlusconi than Churchill' Boris mocked by Italian daily [REVEAL] Boris SAVED: Desperate bid to oust PM in no confidence vote fails [INSIGHT] Time to move on and lead our nation to greatness - EXPRESS COMMENT [SPOTLIGHT]  Former Conservative leader William Hague, who led the party to a landslide defeat in the 2001 general election, said the level of opposition was "devastating" and that the PM should step down. According to The Telegraph, Mr Johnson is being urged to offer former health secretary Jeremy Hunt the position of Chancellor. It comes from an acceptance from some of the PM's loyalists that he is better at winning elections than governing while the reverse is true for Mr Hunt. The potential move has been dubbed the "dream ticket" and likened to Gordon Brown's surprise decision to bring Tony Blair ally Peter Mandelson back into Government in 2008. Mr Hunt, who was beaten by Mr Johnson in the 2019 Conservative leadership contest, is seen as a strong potential leadership rival and the move would allow the PM bind Mr Hunt to his agenda. 