Vladimir Putin's mouthpieces have debated on Russian TV how the Kremlin should punish the UK, US, and Poland for backing Ukraine in their fight against Russia. Pro-Kremlin pundit Vladimir Avatkov slammed Poland's strong backing for Kyiv before being pressed on what retaliation Britain and the United States could expect for meddling in Putin's grand strategy. Avatkov told Russia1: "You mentioned WWIII and the way Americans and Poles are acting on the territory of Ukraine. "We need to remember the words of Vladimir Putin who said that anyone who tries to intervene in the special military operation will pay a heavy price. Oleg Matveychev added: "If Poland starts some kind of military intervention it should realize that the current borders of Poland are guaranteed by post-war military agreements. "If they move beyond those borders, then they nullify all the post-war agreements in which a lot was added to Poland, Poland's current borders will be worthless.  "If they cross their borders their existence will be hanging by a thread. "I wasn't talking about Poland but mainly Great Britain and the United States," said host Margarita Simonyan. "There is a whole line." "No need to rush," replied Avatkov, "Everything in its time."  Russian troops on Wednesday pressed their assault on a factory city they see as key to controlling a swathe of eastern Ukraine, while the United States said it would supply advanced rockets to Kyiv to help it force Moscow to negotiate an end to the war. Ukraine's General Staff said Russian forces, now 98 days into their invasion, were also pounding targets including key infrastructure in other eastern and southern areas, including the city of Sievierodonetsk, an industrial centre that has been the main focus of Russia's offensive in recent days. President Joe Biden announced the supply of advanced rocket systems and munitions that could strike with precision at long-range Russian targets as part of a $700 million weapons package expected to be unveiled on Wednesday. "We have moved quickly to send Ukraine a significant amount of weaponry and ammunition so it can fight on the battlefield and be in the strongest possible position at the negotiating table," Biden wrote in an opinion piece in the New York Times. DON'T MISS: Putin’s terrifying ‘superweapon’ can be placed ‘in range' of UK [REPORT]How to protect yourself after the deployment of biological weapons Hea [EXPLAINER]‘Own goal’ Too dangerous for Putin to launch a cyberattack [REPORT] A senior Biden administration official said the new supplies - which comes on top of billions of dollars worth of other equipment such as drones and anti-aircraft missiles - included the M142 High Mobility Artillery Rocket System (HIMARS), which Kyiv has said is "crucial" to counter Russian missile attacks. Moscow assessed the new U.S. aid package "extremely negatively," Russia's Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov told state news agency RIA Novosti. Addressing concerns that such weapons could draw the United States into direct conflict, senior administration officials said Ukraine gave assurances the missiles would not be used to strike inside Russia. "These systems will be used by the Ukrainians to repel Russian advances on Ukrainian territory, but they will not be used on targets in Russian territory," one US official said.