Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta is growing increasingly 'angry' at the club's American owners amid fears indecision in the transfer market could derail their pursuit of Gabriel Jesus. Arteta has made Jesus his priority summer signing, but the Gunners face heavyweight competition from their Premier League rivals. After Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's January departure and Alexandre Lacazette's impending summer return to Lyon, the Spaniard is desperate to recruit attacking reinforcements next season. And Jesus has been tagged as his first-choice target amid his desire to leave Manchester City for regular minutes. However, MailSport report Arteta is growing frustrated with how Arsenal's transfer process is slowing down their business. The club's American owners insist they must approve all major transactions, contributing to fears that competitors could steal the march in the race for Jesus. Arsenal registered their interest in the 25-year-old forward almost two months ago but haven't contacted his representatives or met Man City's £50million asking price. And interest is simultaneously growing around them, with Chelsea, Real Madrid and Tottenham Hotspur threatening a hijack. JUST IN: Tottenham 'in advanced negotiations' to sign Everton ace Richarlison All three of Arsenal's challengers in their Jesus pursuit can offer the Brazil international Champions League football next season. Meanwhile, the Gunners are entering their sixth campaign away from Europe's elite competition and are vulnerable to being blown out of the water. Despite Real's arrival onto the scene, transfer expert Fabrizio Romano claims Jesus will remain in the Premier League this summer. But after Pep Guardiola added Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez to his all-star attack, he'll likely be bearing different colours to sky blue and the English capital is a very possible destination. READ MORE: Tottenham could launch Tielemans transfer hijack despite Arsenal hope Arsenal are expected to back Arteta in the transfer market again after spending more than any other Premier League club last summer. The Spaniard is determined to guide the club back into the Champions League after agonisingly missing out to Tottenham in May. But it would be a nightmare start to the transfer window for the Gunners if they miss out on their No 1 target to a London rival. They will undoubtedly have alternative options, though. Everton's Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Real Sociedad's Alexander Isak and Sassuolo's Gianluca Scamacca have all been linked to the Emirates in recent months. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.