Sixt Car Hire looked at the UK’s most regal destinations to find where Britons could “spot a royal”. The team also suggested a suitable luxury car to take the trip in. Windsor Castle is one of the Queen’s best known residences and there are few more regal destinations than Windsor. A Sixt spokesperson said: “Windsor is the best place to spot a royal due to its proximity to Windsor Castle. “The town has plenty to offer and is steeped in a rich history dating back as early as the 11th century.” The team recommended an Audi A5 for the trip, saying: “This car is perfect for both weaving through towns and cities, and for cruising to your destination via a long stretch of open road.” READ MORE: Brits will have to PAY to visit Europe - How much and from when? Home to the Royal Family’s Scottish holiday home, Balmoral is the perfect Scottish regal destination. The spokesperson said: “Alongside the extensive royal castle and the surrounding estate, there are also a number of other attractions including the Royal Lochnagar Distillery, Loch Muick and Braemar Castle.” Sixt recommended a Range Rover Velar for the road trip as it can handle some of the “toughest and most unpredictable terrain”. They said: “Whether you are negotiating gridlock in a concrete jungle or meandering the Scottish Highlands, the Range Rover is the ultimate luxury 4x4.” Sandringham, Norfolk Fancy a beach break with a royal touch? The spokesperson said: “The towns and villages of King’s Lynn, Hunstanton and Dersingham offer easy access to not only the Sandringham Estate but also the beautiful beaches of Brancaster Beach.” The team recommended a Jaguar I-Pace for the trip, saying: “It’s a true sporting joy to hit the open road. “It offers premium leather seats, plenty of cargo space and high levels of technical capabilities for a smooth, satisfying drive.” According to a VisitEngland survey, over five million Britons had planned a domestic overnight stay for the Platinum Jubilee. VisitBritain CEO Patricia Yates said: “As the world’s media turns its attention to the historic Platinum Jubilee celebrations and to some of our most iconic destinations including Buckingham Palace, where landmark events are taking place, we’ve got a fantastic opportunity to highlight our outstanding tourism offer and the amazing experiences that visitors can only have in Britain. “We know there is pent-up demand for international travel and Britain’s renowned heritage, royal legacy and pomp and pageantry are proven tourism draws. “The Jubilee celebrations, set to be watched by a global audience of hundreds of millions, will also show our hospitality, creativity and warm welcome to the world, boosting tourism to Britain.” Many Britons flocked to the centre of London to enjoy the start of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations on Thursday and Friday. The Queen appeared on the balcony with members of her family on Thursday to cheers from the watching crowd. She was joined by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge as well as the Prince and Duchess of Wales.