Chelsea's takeover has reportedly given them a huge transfer war chest to spend this summer, with a suggested £200million being given to Thomas Tuchel in order to improve his side. With multiple departures already announced and more to follow, the German needs to spend the money wisely in order to challenge strongly for the Premier League title. Express Sport takes a look at their side if six new signings were to break into the first-team. Goalkeeper: Mendy Edouard Mendy has been imperious since he joined Chelsea back in 2020 from Rennes, and is one of the players in the side whose position is safe. Having replaced Kepa Arrizabalaga for a fee of around £22m, the Senegal star has been superb for club and country since by taking the Africa Cup of Nations and Champions League in his stride. With the 30-year-old at the helm, Chelsea's defence can afford to relax just that little bit more. Defence: DE LIGT, KOUNDE, Silva Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen's exits have given Chelsea cause for concern at the back, with just four senior central defenders left at the club - and that is without the potential departure of Cesar Azpilicueta. As such, the club must venture into the market to sign replacements they deem adequate to replace their departed stars. Jules Kounde is a long-term target, and the Sevilla star could make the move to west London if Chelsea pay his reported £69m release clause. Elsewhere, Matthijs de Ligt could be tempted with a move to Stamford Bridge after contract talks broke down with his current club Juventus. The duo alongside experienced leader Thiago Silva would form arguably the strongest three-man defence in the world. Midfield: James, Mount, PELLEGRINI, RICHARLISON Reece James can create an argument for being the first name on the team sheet under Tuchel, and that instantly gives him the role on the right-hand side of midfield. Mason Mount's work-rate and excellence on the ball puts him into the midfield, although he could be partnered by Italy star Lorenzo Pellegrini. The Roma hero reportedly had a £51m bid rejected for him by Newcastle earlier this month and could warrant a fee Chelsea are able to pay if they sell the likes of N'Golo Kante and Conor Gallagher this summer. And with talks ramping up for Everton star Richarlison, the Brazilian could fill in on the left-hand side of midfield as a more attacking alternative to Ben Chilwell. Attack: STERLING, Havertz, DEMBELE Raheem Sterling has been linked with a move to London heavily over the last month, and talks between Manchester City and the Blues are progressing well. He would likely fill in on the right-hand side of Tuchel's system, with Barcelona want-away Ousmane Dembele on the left in a radical change to the current squad. Romelu Lukaku, Timo Werner, Christian Pulisic and Hakim Ziyech have been linked with moves away from the club in a bid to raise funds for other positions. And that would see Kai Havertz take centre-stage to front Tuchel's attack in a false-nine role.