 A Place in the Sun returns for a brand new series on Monday as the eight property experts help house-hunters find their dream holiday homes. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Ben Hillman opened up on his relationship with his co-stars and how much time they get to spend together away from filming.     The show’s team of experts include Ben, Craig Rowe, Leah Charles King and Jasmine Harman. Laura Hamilton, Danni Menzies, Sara Damergi and Jean Johannsson complete the presenting line-up. Ben was asked if he gets the chance to meet up with his co-presenters. The Channel 4 presenter joked: “Well we do in airports. Read more: A Place in the Sun’s Craig Rowe details fears of not being accepted    “We live far and wide as well. I’m down on the south coast, there are a few in London and Scotland so we’re dotted about. “It’s rare for us to all get together at the same time. “Although there have been the odd Channel 4 party or Christmas parties, which is lovely just to get together and exchange stories which is always good fun.” However, Ben revealed there will be an opportunity for the team to meet up next month.     A Place in the Sun has been shortlisted for the Best Daytime Show TRIC Award. Ben joked: “I’ve been practising lighting up my daughter’s gymnastics trophy at the moment.” He continued: “But that obviously will be a big opportunity to meet the team as well. “Get together and let our hair down because it's such a rare thing to be able to do. DON'T MISSA Place in the Sun star Scarlette opens up on making show history [INSIGHT]A Place in the Sun's Laura Hamilton stuns in Corfu snaps [VIDEO]A Place in the Sun's Scarlette's brother admits sisters help in career [INTERVIEW]   “So I'm absolutely over the moon to be able to go to that because ordinarily, whenever things like this happen or opportunities happen, I'm away filming so I miss out on a lot of stuff, which is endlessly frustrating. “But we're going to be going to that, I'm going to get all dressed up.” The TRIC Awards will be held on Wednesday, July 6. The 53rd annual award ceremony will take place at Grosvenor House.     A Place in the Sun will be up against ITV’s Loose Women and This Morning. Channel 4’s Steph’s Packed Lunch completes the category. This week Ben, Craig, Jean, Leah, Jasmine, Laura, Danni and Sara return to some of the show’s favourite locations. Hopeful property hunters will be searching for their new homes in locations such as Costa Del Sol and the Canary Islands. A Place in the Sun airs on Channel 4 on weekdays at 4pm.   