Devin Haney has reportedly lost yet another key member of his team ahead of his blockbuster fight with George Kambosos Jr this weekend. Haney's cutman Bob Ware is now expected to be absent from his corner for the biggest fight of his career after he was detained at Melbourne International Airport on Friday morning. Authorities claim that Ware failed to disclose a previous criminal conviction on his original Electronic Travel Authority Visa application and is under supervision by the Australian Border Force in Melbourne as a result. According to Boxing Scene, Ware disputed that he had failed to divulge his past conviction but his explanation was thrown out by onsite authorities. Ware could now be the second key member of Haney's team to miss the world title fight with Ben Davison also unable to travel due to undisclosed visa issues. The news about Ware's detention comes after Haney’s father and trainer Bill Haney was blocked from travelling to Australia with his son two weeks ago after his visa was also not approved, denying him entry to the country. The same publication claimed his application was held up due to a review of spent drug convictions from nearly 30 years ago. MORE BOXING NEWS... Ogawa vs Cordina date, UK start time, TV channel, odds and undercard 'Crazy' Mike Tyson vs Jake Paul verdict delivered by Joe Rogan Joshua and Usyk 'decide rematch venue' for July 23 bout But recent developments have confirmed that Bill Haney will be attending his son’s undisputed lightweight clash thanks to an eleventh-hour approval of his travel visa. Yoel Judah, Bill’s mentor, was expected to head up Haney’s corner in the absence of his father and has had a close eye on the WBC champion since landing in Australia. In a recent interview, Judah told Fight Hype that Haney is looking ‘sharp, fast, quick, and is punching a lot harder’. “I think (Haney’s) 101 percent,” Judah said. “I think he’s sharp, he’s fast, he’s quick, he’s punching a lot harder. He’s smart, that’s the thing about it. He’s a smart fighter. And he knows what we need to do, we go over there, we got to take it. We isn’t no close s***, we got to take it, and we’re going to take it, we want every round, we want it! So, it’s going to be a hell of a fight but Devin’s going to bring it. Las Vegas’ Haney puts his WBC lightweight title on the line for the fifth time against Australia’s Kambosos Jr, who defends his WBA ‘super’, IBF, WBO, and Ring magazine belts for the first time in what will be the first undisputed unification fight in lightweight history during the four-belt era. Haney vs Kambosos Jr will be taking place in the early hours of Sunday, June 5 at a sold-out Marvel Stadium in Melbourne, Australia. The bout will be shown live on Sky Sports Main Event and Sky Sports Arena with ring walks for the main event expected at 4am UK time.