P-Valley has finally returned to Starz after a two-year wait for the stripper drama's next batch of episodes. As series two began, a few new faces were introduced who are bound to cause some trouble for those at The Pynk. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about Whisper star Psalms Salazar. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from P-Valley.   The Pynk was in major trouble of closing down but after Hailey (played by Elarica Johnson) got her hands on Montavious' (Cranston Johnson) money, she was able to win back the club. But a new series means new problems brought about by new characters and this time, they come in the shape of dancers Roulette (Gail Bean) and Whisper (Psalms Salazar). Hailey suggested that the two women become the new headline acts at The Pynk which Uncle Clifford (Nicco Annan) was less than impressed with. Despite his disapproval, Halley decided to ignore his arguments and put them centre stage anyway.  READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint    According to P-Valley creator Katori Hall, Whisper is "spiritual, spooky and sexy". "Whisper has a different energy where there's a softness about her, which I think isn't always displayed in the other characters", she explained to EW. Whisper is portrayed by actress Psalms Salazar who is quite new to the entertainment industry.  Originally from Texas, Salazar is the third youngest of six children, half African-American and half Puerto Rican. When she was 21 years old she moved from her quiet hometown to Los Angeles and four years later, landed her first lead role in the dark drama Girl Lost: A Hollywood Story in 2020. Portraying the character of Baby Girl, the series gave viewers an insight into the lives of women involved in the sex industry from various perspectives. Besides from this and P-Valley, Salazar has only been in shorts and had a minor role in the film The Bachelor Party. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star details moment he decided to quit acting  [CAST]Where was P-Valley filmed? [LOCATION]Who is Big Bone on P-Valley? Meet newcomer Miracle Watts [EXPLAINER]  When the news of her joining the cast was announced in February, Salazar took to Instagram to share how she was feeling. Salazar wrote: "For me booking my first series regular role on @pvalleystarz has to be the most epic. "This s**t didn’t happen overnight, or even in a few years...it took time... "You need vulnerability, humility and the ability to manage your fear...I know this is just the beginning for me. "I thank everyone that believed in me and gave me a chance because at the end of the day us storytellers we just want a chance, a chance to play, a chance to be apart of something bigger than us...so thank you @katorihall for that chance. Y’all gonna trip when you meet Whisper."   P-Valley airs a new instalment every Friday on Starz and Starzplay in America and the UK, respectively. No details have been released as of yet on season two's fourth episode bar the title. The upcoming instalment will be called Demethrius, leaving fans scratching their heads at what could happen next at The Pynk. P-Valley is available to watch on Starz in America and Starzplay in the UK. 