Prince William and Kate’s parenting style has been thrown into question by the behaviour of their youngest child, Prince Louis, at the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Commentator Mike Parry described the four-year-old as a “little brat” as the young Prince pulled faces during the Trooping of the Colour balcony appearance and fidgeted during Sunday’s Jubilee Pageant. Mike Tindall, the husband of the Queen’s first granddaughter Zara Tindall, had revealed the children of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were on a “sugar high” during the bank holiday celebrations.  Speaking on GB News, Mr Parry said: “The guy who stole the show was Louis, who’s said to be effervescent, the four-year-old.” Mr Parry speculated on the behaviour of the young royal as he said: “Perhaps Louis is just a little brat.” He continued: “The point is, Mike Tindall is saying they were on a sugar high. “To me, that’s criticism of the parenting skills of Louis.” The journalist suggested disruptive behaviour of Prince Louis was a consequence of the poor parenting style of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.   GB News host Isabel Webster defended Prince William and Kate as she said: “As a mother of a four-year-old, I’m telling you, you try and get a four-year-old to sit still for multiple hours with the world’s cameras trained on them.” Mr Parry continued: “But, Mike Tindall is actually saying he was allowed to have too many sugary sweets.” Ms Webster continued her rebuttal of the accusations as she added: “I’m telling you, my children have more spirit than any wild animal you’ll ever see and it’s just so easy to say, you don’t get given the kids you think you're going to get. “I have to say, full respect to Katherine and William for the way they handled that.” Read more: Louis and Harry's similarities shine through Prince Louis captured the attention of crowds gathered to watch the Jubilee during the Trooping of the Colour balcony appearance of core royal family members. The Prince covered his ears and appeared to roar at the sky during a ceremonial military flyover as part of the event. The young royal was also seen blissfully chatting away to his great-grandmother, the Queen, during the appearance as he was surrounded by the considerably more reserved members of his family. Many were overjoyed at the refreshingly lighthearted behaviour of the Prince as supporters claimed Prince Louis “stole the show” with his hilarious actions as all eyes were turned towards him. Don't miss:Lena Tindall slaps down Prince Louis as she fiercely defends her snack [INSIGHT]Prince Louis copied his dad over Jubilee to 'follow protocol'  [REPORT]Kate has 'strongest of bonds' with Prince Louis and his 'playfulness' [REVEAL] Prince Louis also appeared at Sunday’s Pageant alongside his elder siblings Princess Charlotte and Prince George. He fidgeted and danced in his seat, occasionally spinning round to chat to Mike Tindall and his children, Mia and Lena, who were also present. Speaking on his podcast, The Good, The Bad and The Rugby, Mr Tindall said “Louis, he just wanted to have fun.” He added: “There were lots of sweets out the back though, so they had a complete sugar high.”  