The new legislation allows the Government to abolish parts of the Northern Ireland Protocol without EU consent. MPs voted 295 to 221 in favour of passing the bill with a majority of 74 yet the House of Commons list shows that 76 Tories did not vote. The passing enables the legislation to have a second reading but the bill is likely to be contested by the House of Lords which could lead to a lengthy dispute. READ MORE: The EU's fault! Sunak rails against Brussels' Brexit meddling leaving Britons worse off The bill was first introduced last month and is viewed as necessary to safeguard the Good Friday Agreement. However, EU representatives have argued that the passing of such legislation is a breach of international law. Prior to the vote, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill is the “only solution” to resolve trade difficulties across the Irish Sea. This is because the EU is not willing to reopen negotiations over the Brexit deal. Ms Truss said: “This legislation will fix the problems the protocol has created, ensuring that goods can flow freely within the UK, while avoiding a hard border and safeguarding the EU single market. “A negotiated solution has been and remains our preference, but the EU continues to rule out changing the protocol itself – even though it is patently causing serious problems in Northern Ireland – which therefore means we are obliged to act.” Ahead of the vote, Express.co.uk asked readers their opinion on whether MPs should support the Northern Ireland Bill. In a poll that ran from 10am on Monday, June 27, to 1pm on Tuesday, June 28, Express.co.uk asked: “Should MPs vote for Liz Truss's Northern Ireland plan to save Brexit?” Overall, 1,712 readers cast their vote with the overwhelming majority, 92 percent (1,575 people), answering “yes”, MPs should back Ms Truss’s Northern Ireland plan to save Brexit. Meanwhile, eight percent (132 people) said “no” they should not, while just five people said they did not know either way. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on the vote.  Most readers were in favour of the new legislation being passed by MPs. Username virginiapinkn said: “Yes, let's move this thing on. It's gone on for long enough. Get on with it and sort it out once and for all.” Another, username Howard123 said: “Yes, do what you were elected to do. No more talk. Let’s have some action.” Username UKconcernedcitizen said: “It’s time all politicians did what’s right for the UK and the democratic vote and stood together!” While username Gregor42 said: “This has been going on far too long.” The Northern Ireland Protocol allows an open border with Ireland, which is within the EU’s single market and customs union. DON'T MISS: 'Apologetic to the left!' Truss vows Common Sense crackdown on 'woke' government culture [LATEST]Brexit LIVE: Truss skewered as new deal 'danger' pinpointed in hidden clause [LIVE BLOG]'Whisper it quietly!' Brexit Britain lauded for 'leading the way' on Ukraine crisis [INSIGHT]  However, goods travelling between Great Britain and Northern Ireland are subject to customs checks and EU regulations. Ms Truss has said she hopes to reduce border and ease inflexible regulation, tax-and-spend discrepancies and democratic governance issues. One reader, username Jaymo said: “Should never have been any checks on goods staying in the UK.” And username Mīnōtaurus said: “The UK has no option but to protect the Good Friday Agreement and Internal Market.”  Yet some readers were against the new legislation with username Will-l am Not commenting: “Not unless it benefits the UK.” At present, Northern Ireland has no executive as the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has refused to enter a power-sharing Government with Sinn Fein in protest over the Protocol. There are fears that the absence of a functioning devolved Government could threaten the peace created by the Good Friday Agreement. Prime Minister Boris Johnson has said that border checks in the Irish Seas could be removed by the end of the year.