The Met Office said that homes and businesses "could be flooded quickly" adding that there may be "damage to some buildings from floodwater and lightning strikes". It also warned of a "danger to life" as a result of "fast flowing or deep floodwater". The warning is in place from 1pm today until midnight. The forecaster warned that "heavy showers and thunderstorms may cause travel disruption and lead to flooding in a few places." It added: "There is a small chance that homes and businesses could be flooded quickly, with damage to some buildings from floodwater and lightning strikes. "There is a small chance of fast flowing or deep floodwater causing danger to life and there is a small chance that some communities become cut off by flooded roads.  "Where flooding or lightning strikes occur, there is a chance of delays and some cancellations to train and bus services. "Spray and sudden flooding could lead to difficult driving conditions and some road closures. "There is a slight chance that power cuts could occur and other services to some homes and businesses could be lost." The Met Office said that the heavy showers and thunderstorms are "expected to break out this afternoon and evening, perhaps merging to give longer spells of rain in places, more especially later this afternoon and this evening."  It continued: "Torrential downpours are expected at times with 15-30 mm rain falling in an hour or so in some spots and 30-40 mm perhaps building up over 2 or 3 hours in a few places. "These showers will then fade during the course of this evening, but only slowly in some areas, especially over south Wales, the West Country and south Midlands." This could wreak havoc on the Jubilee celebrations taking place in the capital today. The Jubilee Pageant is set to take place in central London from 2.30pm today, involving a 3km carnival procession down the Mall. DON'T MISS: UK weather: Horror as washout set to soak Jubilee weekend revellers [ANALYSIS]BBC Weather: Thunderstorms to bring flooding as warnings issued [REPORT] UK storm warning: Thunder and lightning threatens Jubilee sun as Me... [INSIGHT] But numerous other regions in the UK are expected to be affected by the extreme weather, with yellow warnings for thunder and rain in place across the country throughout the day today. The Met Office warned that "thunderstorms and areas of rain are expected to develop over parts of England and Wales during the early hours of Sunday. "Torrential downpours are likely in a few places with parts of the Midlands, East Anglia and southeast England most at risk." The forecaster predicted some parts of the country to see up to 15-20 mm of rain per hour, with a total of 50mm falling in some places before the storms subside. It said: "These thunderstorms will slowly spread into southern parts of northern England on Sunday morning before easing. "Further south, drier conditions briefly develop on Sunday morning before further showers and thunderstorms develop over some parts of southern England, Wales, the Midlands and East Anglia later. "These may give some heavy downpours with a further 10-20 mm possible in some places."