Whether you are experiencing thinning, or simply desire a little extra body to boost your style, most of us long for thicker, fuller hair. In May, thousands searched online for thickening haircare products, demonstrating that hair thickness is a concern for many women. For anyone looking to nourish their hair and scalp, it can be achieved in four steps. According to the NHS, “it’s normal to lose hair”, and the average person “can lose between 50 and 100 hairs a day, often without noticing”. There are lots of different types of hair loss, and it can take the form of “thinning” or involve total loss of hair in patches or all over. It can also be gradual, or sudden, and can affect the old and young. Hair loss or thinning can also be genetic, a result of extreme stress, a medical condition or treatment, or hormones. The health service advised anyone experiencing hair thinning or patches of hair loss to “be patient”. READ MORE: Trinny Woodall's skincare regime for fighting 'sag' and jowls  “Hair loss in women is often temporary. That said, regrowth is unpredictable and can take years. Remember that your new hair can be any texture and colour,” the website read. For anyone wanting to thicken their hair, there are several products available on the beauty market. The Grow Gorgeous Intense range, however, has gone viral on TikTok for its results. The products feature skincare-grade active ingredients including caffeine and biotin to stimulate the roots, Niacinamide, to support the scalp’s natural protective barrier, and rice protein, to visibly increase volume. The experts at Grow Gorgeous shared a four-step routine to achieving thicker hair in less than a month. DON'T MISS... Why you should never store milk & eggs in a fridge door ‘Big mistake!' [EXPERT]Nando’s ex-employee shares best meal to order off ‘secret menu’ [INSIDER]Get rid of slugs and snails with clever food hack ‘They hate it!'[VIDEO] Wake hair up at the roots with this caffeine-enriched formula to gently cleanse strands, leaving hair voluminous and full. Biotin boosts and energises roots for healthier-looking hair, while Niacinamide supports the scalp’s natural protective barrier by helping reduce water loss and moisturising the scalp. Amino Acids (a vital component of keratin) and Rice Water help to promote healthy looking hair. Some 89 percent of users agree it leaves their scalp feeling energised and reinvigorated*. Grow Gorgeous Intense Thickening Shampoo 250ml – RRP £16.00 Visibly increase hair density with this thickening moisturiser, uniquely formulated to leave strands thick, healthy and soft. Amla Oil (rich in omega-3 and 6) provides intense nourishment to the scalp and hair, while Hyaluronic Acid helps smooth and moisturise hair for a silky soft finish, and Panthenol (provitamin B5) moisturises and improves manageability. Some 84 percent of users agree it leaves their hair looking and feeling denser*. Grow Gorgeous Intense Thickening Conditioner 250ml – RRP £18.00 Visibly increase hair thickness and softly nourish the scalp with this unique Caffeine-infused multi-mask. Hyaluronic Acid helps smooth and moisturise hair for a silky soft finish, Shea Butter and Coconut Oil nourish, condition and smooth hair, restoring suppleness and natural shine, while Pea Peptides film-forming and conditioning properties smooth and create extra body to revive flat hair. Some 88 percent of users agree it leaves their hair looking and feeling thicker*. Grow Gorgeous Intense Thickening Hair & Scalp Mask 200ml – RRP £25.00 With a unique complex of active ingredients, including Hyaluronic Acid, Caffeine, Organic Pea Sprout Extract, and Green Tea, this bestselling, ultra-concentrated serum works to increase the thickness of each strand, improving hair condition and density. Some 90 percent of users agreed their hair looked fuller after four weeks**. Grow Gorgeous Hair Growth Serum Intense 60ml – RRP £45.00 As for what customers think, the range has been given glowing five-star reviews. One said: “Unbelieveable results! I’ve been using these products for just three weeks and have visibly thicker hair. I can’t believe the results! I’m usually a cynic for products/reviews like this but I really can’t believe my results! Will continue purchasing this.” Another wrote: “Fabulous! This is the second set I have bought as it has definitely made my hair look and feel thicker, stronger and healthier! I intend to try the other collections just to vary things up but as a whole, I'm extremely happy! Thank you!” “Great product,” a third added. “It is the best product that I used for my hair. I really recommend it 100 percent for your hair. My hair look gorgeous, shiny and smoothly. Also, it is very good price for this set of the product from Grow Gorgeous.” *Tested by 120 women over two weeks, used as part of the Intense range **Based on two independent user trials