Sheds come in all shapes and sizes, with a style to suit any type of garden. Whether you own a compact plastic design or prefer a large wooden ‘outhouse’, it’s just as important to keep them clean to avoid damage. Summer is the perfect time to clean up your garden shed for a quick ‘refresh’, but what’s the best way to do it? Express.co.uk spoke to Jack Sutcliffe, co-founder of Power Sheds, who revealed the “best techniques” to smarten up your outdoor storage space. While we all know the importance of keeping the inside of a garden shed clean, many of us fail to remove mould, dirt and grime from the exterior. It’s not easy to keep outdoor structures clean all year round, especially during the winter months when the weather is harsh and unforgiving, but it is easy to do in summer. With the warm season now here to stay, there’s no better time to tackle unpleasant stains and dirt lingering in your garden storage. Here’s how to do it. READ MORE: How to get rid of weeds between paving stones - white vinegar mixture Speaking to Express.co.uk, Jack Sutcliff, Co-Founder of Power Sheds said: “The best techniques for reviving sheds made from wood, plastic or metal are not too dissimilar. “The key is removing mould, bacteria and grime and adding a smart new lick of paint.” Getting rid of mould and mildew is important for both the look and durability of your shed, especially when it comes to wooden sheds. Jack explained the simplest way to remove mould from a wooden shed is to use a mixture of bleach and water. For the cleaning solution to use on painted sheds, use a ¾ cup of bleach for every three cups of water. Unpainted sheds can be treated with a stronger solution made up of one cup of bleach for every three cups of water. Wearing gloves, soak a sponge in the liquid and scrub the surface of the shed. Do this hard enough to remove mould, dirt and mildew, but make sure you’re gentle enough to avoid damaging the wood. Jack said: “You should finish by using a sponge soaked in a bucket of plain water to rinse off the wood.” DON'T MISS:How to ‘revive’ your lawn for summer - ‘will recover in a week’ [INSIGHT]‘Simple’ ways to keep houseplants ‘happy’ and ‘healthy’ in summer [LATEST]‘Potent smell’ to keep wasps at bay in the garden during summer [REVEAL] If you own a steel clean shed on the other hand, you should swap strong bleach for a more gentle laundry detergent. This method requires detergent, water, and a power washer to be effective. Jack said: “Mix 1/3 cup of laundry detergent for every six gallons of water. “Put this solution in your power washer and watch the mildew and dirt slide right off.” For a shed or anything else in your garden that’s made of plastic, Jack recommended using a bucket of warm water containing a light detergent or washing-up liquid, and a couple of cups of white vinegar. Use a soft brush to remove any dirt and give your shed a good shine by buffing the surface with a clean cloth after rinsing. Jack added: “Painting your plastic or wooden shed after it’s had a good clean will leave it looking good as new, but there are some tips you should remember before you get started.” These include: