Eamonn Holmes, 63, had been marvelling at how age is no barrier to agility in the case of the Rolling Stones when he caught their performance at London's Hyde Park over the weekend. While he was feeling inspired by 78-year-old rocker Sir Mick Jagger's shockingly youthful energy onstage after his own health woes due to Covid, he became distracted and was almost sent flying by Tom Cruise - the Top Gun star who is "still firing". Explaining the embarrassing episode in his exclusive column for Express.co.uk, he elaborated: "I was walking on air on the way out until some kid cut across my path. "As I regained my balance I realised it was a whippersnapper by the name of Tom Cruise." Reminding the world that Tom turns 60 next week, he praised: "But he’s still firing. Still the Top Gun. Enough said." Tom has been sighted at numerous London locations in recent weeks, including the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, which saw him interviewed on national television. READ NOW: Strictly star Shirley Ballas, 61, exposes awkward wardrobe malfunction  It seems that both Tom and Eamonn have a shared enthusiasm for the Rolling Stones, hence their collision at the show last week. Eamonn told Express.co.uk: "As I continue to recover from a recent hospital stay, I can assure you Mick Jagger is better than any medicine." Marvelling at his on-stage exuberance, he declared: "If someone told me it was Harry Styles up there I would have believed them. "Never out of breath yet recently recovered from heart surgery and Covid. Amazing."   DON'T MISS... Kirstie Allsopp narrowly avoids hospital after 'swallowing AirPod' [LATEST] Fred Sirieix rages about 'crazy' anti-vaxxers as he heads new campaign [DEBATE] Fred Sirieix addresses 'trivial' food fights with Gordon Ramsay [EXCLUSIVE]  It also inspired him to think about what the future might hold for him, after fiercely dismissing claims in the national news that he was "male, pale and stale". Though he might be male and pale, he has no intention of allowing his increasing age to make his output any less fresh. The TV favourite, who recently made the move from This Morning to GB News, has also commented on how, the day before the Rolling Stones performed, 75-year-old Elton John had "held the same venue in the palm of his hand". He added that there were some golden oldies exciting the crowds at Glastonbury this year too. Sir Paul McCartney headlined the show as an octogenarian, while Diana Ross, in spite of mixed reviews, was praised by many for looking and sounding sensational in her late 70s. Meanwhile, Eamonn continues to bounce back after back surgery. Just weeks ago, he woke in agony during the night and, after being rushed to A&E and having an emergency MRI scan, it was revealed that he was suffering from two prolapsed discs in his back. The emotional star, who is back at work now, told at the time how his "heart belongs to the NHS" for the excellent treatment he was given.