Hungary will reportedly have a crowd of over 30,000 fans at the Puskas Arena on Saturday to watch them face England - despite initially being told they would have to play the clash behind closed doors. Gareth Southgate is set to take his Three Lions team to Budapest for the encounter as the third edition of the Nations League gets underway. UEFA issued Hungary with a three-game supporter ban last June following incidences of homophobic and racist behaviour from their fans during Euro 2020. But a loophole in UEFA’s regulations allows children to attend such games. According to their rules, “children under the age of 14 from schools and/or football academies can be invited to the match free of charge.” There is no limit to the number of children who can attend the match, with one adult allowed to accompany every 10 children. According to Sky Sports News, the Hungarian Football Federation have revealed they have already received more than 30,000 registrations for the complimentary tickets from children and their guardians from all over the country. And they expect to receive more application ahead of the match. READ MORE: Paraguay legend unleashes on Jack Grealish after 'talking s***' about Miguel Almiron    During the early weeks of Euro 2020, Hungary fans in black shirts marched against players taking the knee and supporters waved homophobic banners in the stands of the Puskas Arena, according to The Guardian. The Hungarian Football Federation was also stung with an £85,430 fine following the behaviour of fans and told to display a banner with the slogan #EqualGame throughout their crowdless matches. But startingly, the country’s foreign minister Peter Szijjarto derided UEFA for their decision. “The committee that makes a decision like that is a pitiful and cowardly body,” he wrote in a post on his Facebook page. “They should be ashamed of themselves. Just like in communism: no need for evidence, it’s enough to have anonymous reports.” Incredibly, Hungary were then issued with a separate two-game supporter ban from FIFA after further racism was directed towards England players last September when the two countries met in a World Cup qualifier at the Puskas Arena. MUST READLiverpool star Mohamed Salah 'wants Premier League transfer' if he fails to sign new dealTottenham chief Fabio Paratici 'already held January talks' over discreet summer dealLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting      England endured a disappointing Nations League campaign last time around as they won just three of their six matches and failed to reach the knockout stages of the competition. Southgate’s side ended their campaign with a 4-0 win over Iceland in November 2020 but finished behind group winners Belgium and runners-up Denmark. Belgium eventually lost to France in the semi-finals last October as Les Bleus went on to lift the trophy after beating Spain in the final at the San Siro in Italy.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here