An impressive display of more than 3,500 beacons will light up the UK and the capital cities of Commonwealth countries to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee today (Thursday, June 2). The UK has a long tradition of lighting beacons for jubilees, but this event will mark the first-ever Platinum Jubilee in British royal history.  The Platinum Jubilee beacons event has been months in the making, and tonight the beacons will finally be lit. Some of the famous sites where beacons will be lit tonight include the Tower of London, Windsor Great Park, Hillsborough Castle and the Queen's estates of Sandringham and Balmoral, and on top of the UK's four highest peaks. The Duke of Cambridge will oversee the lighting of the beacon at Buckingham Palace, while the Queen is expected to be present for the lighting event at Windsor Castle. Beacons have been lit to mark the Queen's Silver, Golden and Diamond Jubilees, as well as her 90th birthday in 2016. Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee was celebrated with the lighting of beacons in 1897, so the event has a well-established precedent in the UK.  READ MORE: Jubilee row explodes as Harry and Meghan told they are 'NOT welcome' Beacons are being lit in local communities across the UK on Thursday evening. To find an event near you, you can check the official Platinum Jubilee events map here. You can filter results to show 'official event, tree planting or beacon lighting'.   At 9.25pm on Thursday, members of the Royal Family will attend the lighting of the principal beacon at the iconic London landmark of Buckingham Palace. The Duke of Cambridge, who is second in line to the throne, is expected to oversee the ceremony at Buckingham Palace while the Queen witnesses the Windsor Castle event. A 21-metre Tree of Trees sculpture has been enacted at Buckingham Palace, especially for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee.  DON'T MISS:The best pictures of the Royal Family at Trooping the Colour today [PICTURES]The Queen was brave, strong and utterly unshockable [ANALYSIS]Sky host slams Australia minister pushing to ditch Queen on Jubilee [INSIGHT] Here are the key timings for the beacons event today: 9.15pm local time - Beacons will be lit around the world at local time. 9.30pm - The Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors Anchor Chain will be lit in the UK. 9.45pm - Beacons in the UK, Channel Islands and the Isle of Man will be lit. 10pm - The beacons along Hadrian's Wall will be lit.   If you can't watch a beacon event in person this evening, highlights will be broadcast on TV. BBC One will be airing 'Platinum Beacons: Lighting up the Jubilee' from 8pm to 10pm on Thursday, June 2. The programme will also be available to watch on BBC iPlayer or on catch up at a later time. 