Military company Temerland prototyped the military robot to be used on scouting missions against Moscow’s invasion forces. However, the armed drones are believed to be on the frontline. Armed with a 7.62 assault machine gun and running on wheels, it is understood the first version of the GNOM is controlled by troops who can be hidden hundreds of feet away. The 110lb in weight and two foot long drone is being used as a surveillance platform and to transport small pieces of equipment. However, it is believed to have been adapted to a killing machine, and was reportedly deployed to the south east Ukrainian city of Zaporizhzhia. Sources suggested the GNOM could play a key role in the conflict, as a highly-sophisticated computer “neural” software inside enables the machine to learn patterns and tasks so they can be repeated. Speaking to the Mirror, sources say the Ukrainian-made drone is currently controlled by a wire which cannot be seen from above, and that the machine’s technology makes it virtually undetectable. A security source told the Daily Mirror: “The technology does exist already in bomb dispoosal machines, offering the controller the ability to see and direct a machine towards the threat. “Such machinery has become extremely sophisticated but it seems this GNOM is designed silently to approach the enemy positions directly and spy on them, possibly allowing them to direct artillery onto the target accurately, or to launch and effective ground assault. “This would also give the operator a distinct advantage in saving the risk to life of defending troops and, if the surveillance package is sophisticated enough, allowing the gun to open fire either lethally or as a diversion whilst some other attack is launched.” READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: EU mask slips as bitter plot to punish Britain backfires It comes as US sales of military drones to Kyiv have been paused on the fear its sophisticated surveillance equipment might fall into enemy hands. A technical objection to the sale was raised during a deeper review by the Pentagon's Defense Technology Security Administration, charged with keeping high value technology safe from enemy hands. Joe Biden’s administration planned to sell Ukraine four MQ-1C Gray Eagle drones that can be armed with Hellfire missiles for battlefield use against Russia. Pentagon spokesperson Sue Gough said: “Technology security reviews are a standard practice for the transfer of U.S. defense articles to all international partners. All cases are reviewed individually on their own merit. “Through the established process, national security concerns are elevated to the appropriate approving authority.” DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: 'Meghan the tyrant!' French take aim at Duchess Parents of boy, 12, declared brain dead win appeal bid 'Breaking own law' EU shoots itself in foot with 'posturing' threats Meanwhile, the UK’s Ministry of Defence has said in its daily intelligence update Russian efforts remain focused on the separatist Donbass region, while also saying Moscow’s Air Force has “underperformed”. They said: “In the conflict to date, Russia’s air force has underperformed. Its failure to consistently deliver air power is likely one of the most important factors behind Russia’s very limited campaign success. “It cannot gain full air superiority and has operated in a risk-adverse style, rarely penetrating deep behind Ukrainian lines. Some of the underlying causes of its difficulties echo those of Russian Ground Forces. “For years, much of Russia’s air combat training has highly likely been heavily scripted and designed to impress senior officials, rather than to develop dynamic initiative amongst air crews. “While Russia has an impressive roster of relatively modern and capable combat jets, the air force has also almost certainly failed to develop the institutional culture and skill-sets required for its personnel to meet Russia’s aspiration of delivering a more Western-style modern air campaign. “This has led to a greater than planned weight of effort falling to ground troops, who are becoming exhausted; and on advanced cruise missiles, stocks of which are likely running low.” Volodymyr Zelensky has also warned Russia was likely to intensify its "hostile activity" this week. He said in his nightly address: “We should expect greater hostile activity from Russia. Purposefully — demonstratively. This week exactly. “And not only against Ukraine, but also against other European countries.” The Ukrainian President spoke as the EU considered whether Ukraine should be formally considered for candidate status.