The study shares that males over the age of 40 could be risking their cardiovascular health when taking part in endurance exercises. This could be putting them at a greater risk of medical emergencies, including heart attacks and strokes. Speaking on ITV’s This Morning, Dr Nighat said: “I shouldn’t laugh but this made me giggle. “We always say exercise is great but we have to look at this study very carefully. “This study is done on endurance exercises.” According to the American Heart Association, this category includes the likes of running, dancing and biking. READ MORE: High cholesterol: Cramp in five areas of the body can signal a build-up in the arteries The doctor continued: “If you’ve done 10 or more endurance events that could contribute, in men particularly over the age of 40, to their arteries stiffening a little bit. “This is not something we have expected before, we don’t know why. “I think this is ripe for further research.” The study, funded by the British Heart Foundation and Cardiac Risk in the Young, looked at those aged over 40 that had taken part in at least 10 events, including marathons, ironman triathlons and cycling events.  They found that their major arteries were a lot stiffer than would be expected for their age group. What’s worse, men who regularly took part in such events were found to have a vascular age a decade older than their chronological age. This could put them at a greater risk of heart attacks and strokes, according to experts. However, the study also looked at women, who experienced completely different results. Dr Nighat said: “But the good news [is] in women, their vascular health was actually improved. “For some reason, endurance exercise is great for women." The study looking at more than 300 athletes saw women’s health boosted by this type of workout. What's more, their vascular age was six years younger than their true age.  Scientists shared that their research couldn’t pinpoint why endurance events appeared to have such different impacts on men and women. Previous research generally agrees that exercise can lower the risk of heart problems. The most beneficial activity seems to be moderate workouts done regularly. Based on this conflict, the new study concluded that more research is needed to exactly understand why endurance events might have negative impacts on male arteries.