The Spy Who Loved Me, which airs tonight on ITV, is Roger Moore’s third and best-loved James Bond movie. The late 007 actor starred opposite Bond girl Barbara Bach, the future Mrs Ringo Starr. Joining them was Caroline Munro’s femme fatale, Naomi. Her pilot character and would-be assassin was employed by Bond villain Stormberg in the 1977 classic, which was the last movie Elvis Presley watched at the cinema before he died. Speaking exclusively with Express.co.uk in a previous interview, Munro shared the “naughty” little trick Roger would play on the cast and crew before a take. The 73-year-old looks back on her time with the James Bond star, who died in 2017, with great fondness. She said: “I had the honour of working with Roger, one of the nicest men you could possibly meet. Such a caring gentleman and so funny, very witty. Quick wit. And the crew loved him!” As for Roger’s humorous little trick, she shared: “He’d come on and say quite risqué naughty one-liners, but very harmless! Very sweet. He’d do it and people would smile and therefore they’d relax. It was very clever. He was totally Bond. He was really in his stride, he really got James Bond, he was great. Very charismatic and wonderful. He made a perfect Bond, he’ll always be my Bond, always. Nice, lovely man.” READ MORE: James Bond: Roger Moore’s horrific underwater discovery on 007 set Munro also admitted she’s proud to be called a Bond girl, despite it being a controversial term for some today. She said: “I am yes. To be part of an extraordinary franchise I feel very honoured really. No I don’t mind it at all, I really don’t mind. It makes you feel quite young too! Which is quite nice. Whichever way people want to see you. To be part of the Bond franchise I just feel very fortunate.” DON'T MISSJames Bond: Why Clint Eastwood turned down 007 after Sean Connery [CLINT EASTWOOD]James Bond: James Brolin's devastation of being dropped as 007 WATCH [EXCLUSIVE]Roger Moore’s ‘unusual’ generosity on Bond set and to Audrey Hepburn [ROGER MOORE] On meeting up with other Bond girls at special 007 events and shows, Munro added: “It’s fantastic. A lovely gathering of magnificent Bond women. They are very different in their ways but they’re all very special and unique. All the Bond women I’ve met, and I’ve met a lot of them, most of them actually, they’re just magnificent. Bond women, Bond girls. Whichever way they like to be.”