Emmerdale continues to be an ITV staple and the TV soap has seen many characters come and go in the village. Chris Tate made his first appearance in 1989 along with the rest of the Tate family. After his shocking exit following Chris's tragic on-screen death, fans are keen to find out where actor Amory is now. Chris Tate was a troubled soul in the soap as he resented his way of life after a plane crash left him paralysed from the waist down. After his accident, he was caught up in various family feuds with his father and stepmother. The businessman went through a number of turbulent relationships, including with Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins). If all of this heartbreak wasn't enough, Chris found out he had an inoperable brain tumour. In a shocking twist of events, Chris used this to get revenge on Charity for cheating on him. READ MORE: Neighbours theory: Clive Gibbons exits as secret life exposed In the soap, Chris took his own life and framed Charity for his 'murder', with his final scene airing in September 2003. As for where the star is now, Peter Amory is 57 years old and he went on to feature in various film and TV projects. He played the headteacher in the 2009 film, Tormented. As for his TV credits, he appeared in the odd episode of Casualty and Heartbeat in 2005. In 2008 he starred in an episode of The Royal Today as David Harrison. The following year he played Stewart Gull in Crimes That Shook The World. In 2010 he played the Earl of Rutland in The Tudors, and in 2014 he starred in Playhouse Presents. The star had been married to actress Claire King, who played his stepmother Kim Tate on Emmerdale. DON'T MISS... Where is Emmerdale’s Chloe Atkinson star Amy Nuttall now? [INSIGHT] Where is Emmerdale’s original Amy Wyatt star Chelsea Halfpenny now? [EXPLAINER] Where is Emmerdale's Katie Sugden star now? [INSIGHT] They were married for 10 years until 2004. As for his next role, he has been cast in Peter Pan at a Bassetlaw theatre this Christmas. The star, from Norwich, will play Captain Hook in the much-loved pantomime. Speaking to the Worksop Guardian, he said: "I am really looking forward to appearing in Peter Pan this Christmas as Captain Hook.  "I have played panto villain a number of times and I love the experience. "I can’t wait to get back into the pantomime mood again and have lots of fun.” As for his personal life, the actor has not shared much on social media. He does have an active Twitter account, but mostly comments on and retweets other posts.  Emmerdale airs on ITV at 7.30pm