Arsenal legend Charlie Nicholas has tipped Gabriel Jesus to score "at least 20 Premier League goals a season" for the Gunners. The Brazilian striker is on the cusp of being announced by the north London club after video footage emerged of him soaking in his new surroundings at the Emirates, while donning the No. 9 shirt, on Thursday.  Arsenal agreed a £45million fee with Manchester City for the forward last Friday as they finally look to have ended their search for a new striker. The Gunners parted ways with previous talisman Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang earlier in the year and recently saw Alexandre Lacazette return to Lyon on a free transfer following the expiry of his contract. Jesus will now take up the goalscoring mantle for Mikel Arteta's men, and it's a role ex-Gunners striker Nicholas believes the four-time Premier League champion will have no trouble filling. The former Scotland international admitted he would be "amazed' if Arsenal's new signing didn't reach the landmark of 20 Premier League goals for the Gunners next season. “Whether Gabriel Jesus is the kind of player Arsenal need right now is entirely down to the individual opinion," Nicholas said, speaking to BonusCodeBets. “Arsenal really need a finisher, someone who gets into the box. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd plan De Jong unveiling, Spurs medical latest, Raphinha meeting  "But with the way Mikel Arteta wants to play, I don’t know whether a number nine can be like that. That’s why Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was such a good goal scorer. He wasn’t a proper nine, he was a number 11 playing off the flanks with his pace. “I’m very mixed in the Gabriel Jesus debate. Under Pep Guardiola he wasn’t a favourite and didn’t always play, but if they get him at a decent price, I’d be amazed if he doesn’t score at least 20 goals in the league for Arsenal. “That’s what Jesus likes to do. He likes to play around the edge of the box, with a lovely burst of pace, and that’s what Arsenal miss. It would be a very good signing if they could nail him down.” DON'T MISSArsenal transfer chief Edu 'wary' of making new Raphinha bid as Chelsea hold crunch talksMan Utd fail in bid to sign Frenkie de Jong £75m-rated partner in crimeMan Utd once rejected Neymar swap deal with PSG as talk of Premier League transfer grows  And nailing Jesus down is exactly what Arsenal have done. The striker is understood to have penned a five-year deal at the Emirates, with his official unveiling expected imminently. Under Guardiola at City, Jesus was often used sparingly and failed to hit the 20 Premier League goal mark in any of his five-and-a-half seasons at the Etihad. The Brazilian's best return came back in the 2019-20 campaign when he struck 14 times in 34 Premier League outings. Overall, Jesus netted 58 goals in 158 league appearances for City. 