Her Majesty has not been included in the Order of the Service for today's Garter ceremony at St George's Chapel, a major hint she is unlikely to attend one of the most important events in her calendar. However, as stated by Buckingham Palace, the Queen is widely expected to take part in the investiture ceremony. Moreover, she will likely take part in the lunch, normally hosted prior to the service. Garter Day starts the investiture of the new members of the prestigious Order, announced last New Year's Eve, in the Throne Room. Among the new members this year there are former Prime Minister Tony Blair and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. The Garter Knights and Ladies then have lunch before walking the brief distance from the castle to the chapel. Following the service, the members return, this time via carriages, to Windsor Castle. Her absence from the service means the Queen won't be seen by the public today, a piece of news likely to be a blow for the many royal fans who every year gather on the grounds of Windsor Castle to catch a glimpse of Garter members. The Queen has missed several events over the past few months due to episodic mobility issues. In November last year, she pulled out of the evening reception at COP26, sending a pre-recorded video message instead. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'sidelines' by 'callous' Firm Due to a sprained back, the 96-year-old monarch was also forced to miss the national service of remembrance at the Cenotaph. Most recently, she delegated the duty of reading the Queen's Speech to her son and heir Prince Charles during the State Opening of Parliament last month. And during the extended bank holiday weekend of celebrations, the Queen missed the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral, after experiencing "some discomfort" during her previous day spent London. Another royal set to remain far from the public eye on Garter Day is Prince Andrew. Unlike his mother, the Duke of York has been included in the Order of the Service alongside the other clergymen and royals taking part in the procession. However, since the drafting of the Order, Andrew has pulled out of the event, a move understood to have been a "family decision". A Buckingham Palace spokesman said: "The Duke of York will attend the investiture and lunch today but will not be part of the procession or service." Prince Andrew stepped back from public duties in mid-November 2019 and returned his military and royal patronages in January. However, he still retains some honours, including the title of Knights of the Garter given to him by the Queen in 2006. The Duke of York last took part in a public event in March, when he attended the service of thanksgiving for Prince Philip at Westminster Abbey, walking down the nave of the church with the monarch. He was expected to also be at the service of thanksgiving for the Platinum Jubilee on June 3, but he missed it after the Palace announced he had tested positive for COVID-19. The members of the Royal Family expected to be at St George's Chapel today, in accordance with the Order of the Service, are now Princess Anne, the Duke of Gloucester, Prince Edward, Prince William, Camilla and Prince Charles. All these Firm members are Garter Knights and Ladies who have been appointed during the years by the Queen, Sovereign of the Order. The Order of the Garter is the most senior order of knighthood in Britain and was founded by King Edward III almost 700 years ago. This chivalry order can count a total number of 24 Ladies and Knights among its non-royal members, while the monarch can appoint an unlimited number of members of the Firm and foreign sovereigns.