Bradley Walsh welcomed Giles, Michael, Jo and Rasheel onto The Chase as the contestants battled against Paul ‘The Sinnerman’ Sinha for a chance to win the jackpot prize. During Micheal’s introduction, the contestant revealed he has a podcast where he discusses reality shows leading Bradley to hit out at ITV’s TOWIE. Giles was the first contestant to take on Paul and after a shaky cash builder, he soared through into the final and added £4,000 to the jackpot. Michael was next to face the Chaser but not before Bradley quizzed him on his hobbies. The contestant revealed he’s a big fan of reality TV shows and talks about them with special guests on his podcast. Michael revealed: “My main hobby is I podcast. I do a lot of podcasts about reality TV around the world.” Read more: David James leaves Bradley gobsmacked as he smashes Chase celeb recor “Your favourite reality TV show you would have to say?” Bradley asked. “It would have to be The Mole,” Michael replied. “It was on in the UK in 2001, it’s 10 people travelling around doing challenges, one of them has been paid by production to sabotage and you’ve got to work out who it is.” “I like that idea,” Bradley said. “Would something like TOWIE come under a reality TV show?” “Not for us,” the contestant remarked. “We’re more the competitive reality shows.” “Because you’re educated and you have a brain,” the ITV quiz host quipped. Michael went on to earn a whopping £9,000 in his cash builder and was understandably thrilled. His teammates encouraged him to take either the money he’d earned or the higher offer. Giles admitted he’d wished he’d been brave enough but Michael stated Paul’s offer wasn’t worth the risk. Despite Michael’s breadth of knowledge, his luck ran out in his head-to-head. DON'T MISSMark Labbett makes jibe at Pointless after The Chase player's snub  [INSIGHT]Bradley Walsh hits out as The Chase contestant 'loses' £65,000 [VIDEO]The Chase player sparks frenzy with incorrect Yorkshire answer  [INSIGHT] Both Jo and Rasheel followed suit and failed to make it through to the final. Paul praised Giles’ efforts in the final chase after comfortably beating him without getting a question wrong. Meanwhile, Chaser Mark Labbett celebrated the quiz show’s anniversary. He tweeted: “13 years ago @thechase first broadcast. We haven’t done too badly.” The Chase fan James Nimarko replied: “Long may it continue!” “Absolutely brilliant programme,” Wendy Burnham added. Tas Bings wrote: “Love the show good job on the 13 years you guys have put into it.” The Chase airs on ITV on weekdays at 5pm. 