Jordan Banjo, 32, admits that he's "not a big follower" of the Royal Family in real life, but that he loves the way they are portrayed on TV. The Eat Well For Less host, whose dance troupe Diversity performed for the Queen at the Royal Variety Performance after their Britain's Got Talent win, shared his thoughts and feelings with Express.co.uk about all things royal. Speaking about Diversity, Jordan said: "We've done three Royal Variety Shows [and] we've done the Invictus Games which Prince Harry was a patron for. "[But] I'm not a huge follower of the royals. I tell you what I am a big follower of - The Crown." The star went on: "I've learnt more about the royals from The Crown than I have with them! "I'm sure it's not entirely accurate, but yeah, I'm a huge fan." When not binge watching episodes of the Netflix drama, Jordan has been performing shows and appearing on radio with his Diversity bandmate Perri Kiely, as well as filming for the BBC show Eat Well For Less. Yet in spite of not keeping up to date with the Queen's latest news, Jordan is still grateful for the experience of performing for her. "Whether you're a follower of the royals or not, at the end of the day, you've got the Queen of England sat 30ft away from you watching you dance!" he exclaimed. He described his first time on the Royal Variety show, back in 2009, as "nerve-wracking", yet "cool". Jordan had still been in school when Diversity won Britain's Got Talent. Declaring it "one of the craziest memories ever", he remembered "winning BGT on the Saturday and then walking into school on the Monday". At the time, he was 15 years old. "When we won, I don't think anyone was as shocked as we were, performing with royalty there," he added. Jordan also has fond memories of meeting Prince Harry, who he first encountered before his marriage to Meghan Markle. "Harry's always been like the coolest dude to us, telling him how much he loves Diversity," he reminisced. "He was at a charity event, obviously a few years ago now, and then [my bandmate] Perri came in. The royal then cracked a joke about how much he had grown up since his teenage years at the Royal Variety Show. "I'm pretty sure he said something along the lines of 'Ahh, you've grown!' and then he said 'You must get so annoyed with people saying that to you'. "Perri cracked up because that's all people said to him every single day!" Jordan said. However, he insisted that Harry has always been a "great guy". Jordan Banjo now co-hosts Eat Well For Less after taking over from Greg Wallace and the next episode airs Thursday at 8pm on BBC One.