Spiders are most active during the mating season in summer and are even more noticeable when the weather is wet and warm outside. As millions of these eight-legged creatures prepare to enter homes across the nation, you may be wondering what you can do to stop them from nesting in your property. Here are some of the best natural remedies to try if you’re worried about spiders lurking in your house. Spotting a spider scurrying across your bathroom floor, or even dangling from your bedroom ceiling can be horrifying - but what can you do to stop it from happening? The strong, fruity scent of citrus fruits may be refreshing for humans, but it is loathed by spiders. You can easily prepare this no-waste repellent by blending up the discarded peelings from limes, lemons, oranges and grapefruits. Start by leaving the peelings in the sun for a day or two to dry out and grind them down into a fragrant powder. Sprinkle the fruity substance around your home on a weekly basis and the spiders will soon disappear. Fragrant smells are the key to keeping these clever creatures out of your house, and essential oils are the perfect way to do it. In fact, it’s not just spiders that will run away from the strong scent of tea tree, peppermint, lavender or eucalyptus, with most bugs and insects known to dislike these intense aromas. There are a few ways to use essential oils as a bug repellent, including: Fill the bowl at the top of the burner with water and add a few drops of your chosen oil. Place a lighted tea light underneath the bowl to evaporate the water and essential oils as steam, letting the aroma of the fragrant oils fill the room. Pour warm water into a spray bottle, add 10 drops of essential oil and shake well. Use this spray around the house to spritz the corners of each room, being sure to target areas behind wardrobes, cabinets and other heavy furniture. Apply a generous amount of spray to the cracks in walls and space underneath windows, as these are particularly attractive nesting spots. If you’re a fan of strong smells, you can use the essential oils in their purest form around the house Just sprinkle a few drops in all corners of your home to repel spiders. Tea tree, lavender, eucalyptus, peppermint and citronella are the best fragrances to use. DON'T MISS:Pests: How to keep insects out of the house using ‘strong smells’ [INSIGHT]TikTokker shares life hacks he ‘didn’t know before 30’ [REVEAL]How to spot a spider infestation in your home [ANALYSIS] Growing your own herb garden on a kitchen windowsill is beneficial for many reasons, and getting rid of unwanted spiders is just one of them. Rosemary and mint are two of the most versatile herbs to use for cooking and they happen to be particularly unpleasant to arachnids. The strong scent makes it hard for these eight-legged creatures to find their way around, making your home a less than ideal place to set up shop. Most herbs will work well, so just keep adding to your windowsill greenery and watch the insects disappear. This festive spice is one of the most warming and cosy scents to fill your home with, and it’s great for banishing pesky insects too. There are so many ways to use cinnamon as a spider repellent, including: Using preventative plants in your garden is the best long-term solution to stopping spiders from coming indoors at all. Potted eucalyptus plants can be strategically placed near windows and doors outside your house to spread their intense fragrance. If you don't have room for a large eucalyptus plant, consider mint or lavender instead. The strong smell should drive spiders away and keep your house bug-free. 