Arsenal's attempts to prise Arthur Melo away from Juventus are being hampered by the Italian giants insistence that either Gabriel Martinelli or Gabriel Magalhaes should be part of any deal. The Gunners failed to acquire Arthur's service back in January, but the midfielder remains a key target for Mikel Arteta. Arthur has struggled to live up to expectations since he arrived at the Allianz Stadium in a controversial and complicated deal from Barcelona and he could finally get his switch to Arsenal this summer - if a breakthrough can be made in negotiations. According to CalcioMercato, Arsenal are the 'only club that has expressed' a concrete interest in signing the former Barcelona man - but the two sides have yet to agree on a deal. Juventus have tried to facilitate the inclusion of Gabriel or Martinelli in any deal, but the report claims that the Italian outfit's €46million (£39.3m) valuation of Arthur is 'complicating' talks. It's claimed that Juventus need to recoup 'at least' €35-40m (£29.95-34.2m) on the midfielder to turn a profit. Furthermore, Arthur will not be able to leave the club until the end of this month for tax purposes as the Italian's used the Growth Decree to help them get a deal for the 25-year-old over the line. READ MORE: Liverpool could seal De Ligt transfer after Juve contract talks stall It remains to be seen if Arsenal would be willing to sacrifice either Gabriel or Martinelli - two key members of the Gunners squad - in order to get a deal for Arthur over the line. The Brazilian midfielder has been a long-term target for the Gunners, but Arteta is attempting to improve his squad rather than weaken it; meaning it would make little sense for the Spaniard to sacrifice some of his more established names just to strike a deal for the Juventus outcast. However, if Arsenal are certain that Arthur is the ideal candidate to bolster their midfield options, then they may have to come up with a resolution quickly, as a different report from CalcioMercato earlier this week claimed that Chelsea are preparing to join the race for the playmaker. DON'T MISS: Darwin Nunez 'picks between Liverpool and Man Utd transfer'Liverpool receive Gakpo transfer boost as Reds hunt Mane replacementLiverpool 'make club-record Nunez bid' with Klopp 'crazy' about star It's claimed that the Blues are interested in the midfielder and Juventus are prepared to offer them Arthur in a deal that would see striking flop Timo Werner head the other way. The ex-RB Leipzig star has failed to replicate his stunning Bundesliga form in the Premier League over the past two years and could be shipped out of Stamford Bridge this summer. And despite his dismal record in England, Werner would be a key signing for Juventus given that the Italian giants will lose Paulo Dybala at the end of this month when his contract officially expires. Juventus chief Massimiliano Allegri is keen to add 'at least one' new striker to his arsenal this summer, and a Werner would fit the bill.