Andy Murray has been warned against a hasty retirement by Andrew Castle and Naomi Broady. The Brit suffered an agonising defeat against John Isner in a match that stretched long into Wednesday evening, putting an end to his grass-court season, in which he had pinned all his hopes on a deep run at SW19. Murray lost the first set of his first-round match against James Duckworth on Monday, but seemed to gain genuine momentum by convincingly winning each of the last three sets. In his second Centre Court clash of the week, Murray went two sets down against 6ft 10in Isner thanks to a monstrous serving display. Murray drew roars from the home crowd as he pulled a set back via a tiebreak, but Isner held his nerve to see out the match, prompting an angry response from the 35-year-old who evidently felt as though he had blown his chance of a deep run in this year's tournament. While some may feel as though this was Murray's last dance at the All England Club, former British tennis star Castle believes that he has plenty of reasons to keep going. DON'T MISS: Wimbledon LIVE: Fans furious at Raducanu & Murray games half empty as Covid sweeps SW19 "There was nothing physically wrong with him at all in this match," he told the BBC. "All the work had been done, the preparation, the matches and there was much to commend his play. "It didn't come down to more than two or three points here and there in an explosive match on a grass court. He had plenty of chances out there to make himself a big part of the match but was always one step behind a player who played slightly better. "He wants to compete and be out there in that arena. That was fun last night for him. OK he was upset afterwards but he wants to keep doing it. You're a long time not playing, a long time retired, so play as long as you possibly can." Murray's career has been in jeopardy before. Two major surgeries and a new metal hip are among the contributing factors, all of which have hampered his movement on the courtm but, but the three-time Grand Slam champion has often drawn praise for his grit and determination. Speaking alongside Castle, Naomi Broady concurred that Murray should banish any thoughts of retiring. "I think as we've seen throughout his career, he's going to do everything he can to keep playing," she added. "He loves it. Just completely up to him when he wants to step down. He's still got goals, still got things he wants to achieve. "Yes it might not be the goals he had 10-20 years ago, getting to No 1 and winning the Slams, but he wants to be seeded. I can't even imagine for Murray the adrenaline rush he must get out on Centre Court, it's addictive. Of course he wants to get out there and feel the emotions again."