The recent heatwave has seen the mercury soar to nearly 30C in parts of England but experts say it's set to drop into single figures as a new front moves in in time for Tuesday As we move into next week the country will witness a mix of weather dominated by thunderstorms and dry spells, with temperatures ranging widely from 15C to 23C.  According to the Met Office, the weather conditions on Sunday will be cloudy with rain or showers in the north and west. Sunny spells and scattered showers are likely to occur on Monday, locally heavy across the north. Rain will arrive in the west on Tuesday, fragmenting into showers by Wednesday, mainly dry elsewhere. The weather will be warm by Wednesday. Elsewhere conditions remain unsettled with sunny spells and isolated showers, though eastern parts remain dry and rather warm. Windy in the northwest with coastal gales.  Nick Finnis, a meteorologist with Netweather.tv said: “Windy with outbreaks of rain, locally heavy, pushing in across western areas through Sunday morning, the rain turning more showery through the afternoon, showers turning heavy with a risk of thunderstorms too – more especially across Northern Ireland and South West Scotland. “North East Scotland, eastern and southeastern England staying mostly dry and breezy with sunny spells again, though the odd light shower can’t be ruled out. “Cool in the north and west, temperatures reaching 15-18C, warmer towards eastern England – where temperatures will reach 19-23C.” Weather experts suggested that through Sunday morning, the most frequent showers will be witnessed across Northern Ireland, north west Scotland, north west England, and parts of Wales.  READ MORE: Woman, 25, who spat at police during Kill the Bill protest jailed However, not so many getting further eastwards, as further east is likely to stay dry with the best of the sunshine. Mr Finnis continued: “Continuing unsettled and windy across the west early next week. “The weekend low moves away north but to be replaced by another low-pressure system moving in from the west to the west of Ireland on Tuesday. “Monday will see a mixture of sunny spells and showers spreading east across many parts, locally heavy with thunder. DON'T MISS:Kate might soon be heading to Australia for royal tourQueen’s sassy response to protestors for pelting her with eggsUkraine set to receive additional £429mil from UK in guarantees