With Manchester City and Liverpool strengthening already this summer, Chelsea fans may find themselves scratching their heads wondering when reinforcements were arriving. But Thomas Tuchel and co must be patient with their pursuit of Ousmane Dembele, despite extended talks. The Blues changing hands meant that they were unable to extend contracts, open talks with players and function as a normal club in the market. However, now that Todd Boehly is at the helm and those issues are somewhat behind the team, attention must quickly turn to improving the squad. With Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen heading to the La Liga as free agents, and Marcos Alonso and Cesar Azpilicueta being targeted by Barcelona too, signing a defender will be a priority for Tuchel. But adding another attacker into the mix is also deemed a priority by the German, it appears, and football.london have reported that talks are still ongoing with Ousmane Dembele but the club still are in the dark about whether he will head to Stamford Bridge. The French forward has said that he will make a decision over his future when he returns from his holiday. But, given that Chelsea have enjoyed success recently with free agents, Dembele is worth being patient with. READ MORE: Arsenal's stance on signing Youri Tielemans after agreeing Fabio Vieira transfer One of the Blues’ most reliable stars over the two seasons has been Thiago Silva, who joined the club from Paris Saint-Germain in 2020 on a free transfer. The 37-year-old has been a composed and experienced leader in central defence for Tuchel’s side, but also showing plenty of quality. Speaking after Silva extended his contract at Chelsea again, Tuchel said: ‘Thiago needs to be calm because he is a sensitive and emotional person. That makes him so precious for our team and our dressing room. He can feel different states of emotions from others, and can help so much with this. DON'T MISSArsenal 'close in' on third summer signing ahead of Fabio Vieira transferArsenal have 'new £85m Gabriel Jesus alternative' also wanted by Chelsea and Man UtdChristian Eriksen turned down Man Utd 'because of Juan Mata' as interest reignited “So he is calm, he has huge targets and he has a big impact. He is available and when he plays, he plays strong and is a big help. Good for him, good for us.” Dembele is an extremely different profile to Silva both on and off the pitch, with reports circulating that he had attitude problems that have hampered his career at Barcelona. But the former Borussia Dortmund forward has unquestionable raw ability and Barca boss Xavi has been very vocal in how he believes the winger would be central to a brighter future at the Camp Nou. He registered 13 assists in 21 league appearances last season and his availability on a free transfer could see Chelsea reap the benefits in the long-term – given that he is 25 – if they persist with negotiations.