NBC’s long-running procedural drama Law and Order SVU came to an end in May with a satisfying finale. With season 24 officially in the works, fans are convinced Amanda Rollins (played by Kelli Giddish) could be revisited by a former enemy.  Rollins was first introduced to viewers in the season 13 episode ‘Scorched Earth’ which first premiered in 2011. Since then, she has become a fan-favourite after securing her position as a detective and a vital member of Olivia Benson’s (Mariska Hargitay) team in the Special Victims Unit. As well as exploring her career and the multiple and sometimes life-threatening cases she worked on the show also ventured into her personal life. Aside from her recent romance, fans have watched her family life clash with work after the arrival of her troubled sister Kim (Lindsay Pulsipher) in season 14. READ MORE: McCartney's team hit out at BBC for Glasto farce With season 24 expected to premiere in September, fans believe more trouble could be on the horizon for the detective. Taking to Reddit, after rewatching the case with sinister murder Henry Menser (Ethan Cutkosky) user teenagerdirtbag109 predicted his return They wrote: “It would be interesting to see if he tries to go after Amanda or Carisi since Amanda was the one who told him she's the reason he was put away.” Other fans also agreed which proved Henry’s comeback was highly anticipated.  User PuzzledOpening658 added: “Oooooh that would be SO good! The drama/suspense/potential danger omg. I say this as a Rollisi lover.” Redditor lifeofblaire agreed: “I would love a follow-up on this, especially after Rollins basically threatened him to stay away from her family and Carisi.” While another fan Korocks suggested: ”Yeah I think it’ll be season 24 mid-season finale - Doctoral Thesis Psychopath.” Adding to the speculation, the original poster continued: “He already stalked Amanda and Jesse at the park so it would be interesting to see if he tries kidnapping Jesse to lure Amanda or something.” DON'T MISS...Sue Barker sends public support to Boris Becker [INSIGHT] Law and Order’s Anthony Anderson’s replacement confirmed [INSIGHT]Law and Order SVU theory: Stabler and Benson romance scrapped in clue [THEORY] Rollins first came across Henry in season 14 when he was just 10 years old and suspected of abusing his sister after the school nurse discovered bruises on her stomach. After his parent’s protest to have him institutionalised he continued to hurt others and was eventually labelled a psychopath after being examined by doctors. Henry then slashed his mother's hand with a knife, locked her in a room, and tied his sister to a bed while he set a fire in a house, before calling Olivia. When she arrived he had escaped, stole his friend’s father’s gun, killed their dog, and held a five-year-old hostage at gunpoint.  When police detective Nick Amaro (Danny Pino) found him he was able to wrestle him to the ground after Henry shot him in the stomach. However, as a 10-year-old, Henry could not be tried as an adult and was sent to a secure facility until he was 18 years old. Henry returned to screens in 2021, when he was eventually released however when he was arrested for rape, Rollins discovered he had been stalking her family and taking photos of her daughter, Jesse. When he was later institutionalised, Rollins visited him and threatened to kill him if he ever came near her family again. Although he was sedated and on medication, he smiled to himself which made fans believe his storyline didn’t end there. Law and Order SVU is available on NBC in the US and is available in the UK on Sky Witness. 