Netflix is getting spooky this Pride Month with First Kill, a unique vampire love story between two teens on opposite sides of the supernatural divide: one is an all-powerful vampire and the other a slayer. When the pair meet, sparks will fly as each tries to please the wishes over their respective families despite their feelings for each other. Will love overcome all or will one have to kill the other? Taking on the role of vampire slayer Calliope Burns, who comes from a long and distinguished family of monster hunters, is actress Imani Lewis. Lewis is best known for The Equalizer TV series, Hightown, Star, and The Get Down. She has also starred in the movies Eight Grade, Killer Among Us Vampires vs. The Bronx, Farewell Amor, and Premature. First Kill marks Lewis’ biggest role to date and she is reportedly next going to be appearing in the Hulu comedy series Miguel Wants To Fight. Actress and singer Sarah Catherine Hook takes on vampire Juliette Fairmont, who is trying to fighting her destiny and make her first kill as she falls in love with Calliope. Hook has featured in American Crime Story, Triangle, and Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, The Valley, and NOS4A2, along with The Conjuring 3: The Devil Made Me Do It. "I feel like the queer community totally deserves this," Hook told Pop Sugar. Adding: "I feel like for some reason, the queer community plus vampires . . . just makes sense. Those two combined — something clicks about it." Aubin Wise portrays Calliope’s firm mother Talia Burns after featuring in Atlanta, Summer Vacation, Dimland, and The Finest. Upcoming actor Dominic Goodman plays one of Calliope’s brothers Apollo Burns after starring in Veronica Mars, He’s All That, Young Mark, and Better Things. Phillip Mullings Jr. plays Calliope’s father Theo Burns, who is training his children to fight vampires and monsters. His previous credits include Bruh, Chad, American Soul, Paradise Lost, and shorts Bloodhunt, U-Run, among other shows. Taking on the role of fellow vampire and Juliette’s older sister Elinor Fairmont is Gracie Dzienny. The actress joins First Kill after roles in Bumblebee, Soon, Chasing Life, and Jupiter’s Legacy. Elizabeth Mitchell is no-nonsense vampire matriarch Margot Fairmont, who will ensure her young daughter follows her true path. Mitchell has had a long and varied career spanning from TV series Lost to The Expanse to movies such as The Purge: Election Year and Frequency. Will Swenson steps into the shoes of Juliette’s father Sebastian Fairmont, another illustrious vampire. He has featured in Sons of Provo, The Switch, The Greatest Showman, The Bite, and Chilling Adventures of Sabrina. Newcomer Jonas Dylan Allen plays Ben Wheeler with First Kill marking his debut TV role. Other cast members include Jason R. Moore, Dylan McNamara, Mk Xyz as Tess, Roberto Méndez, Walnette Marie Santiago, Joseph D. Reitman, among others. First Kill will be released on Netflix tomorrow