Boris and Carrie Johnson met with world leaders today at the opening ceremony of the G7 summit at Schloss Elmau, near Garmisch-Partenkirchen, in Germany. Carrie wore a bespoke white blazer and matching trousers for the occasion. Carrie donned a white blazer and wide-leg trouser combo from London-based brand The Deck. The company is a women’s tailor, situated on Savile’s Row, London. The Deck suits start from a whopping £2,200 and Carrie’s outfit is thought to have cost £2,500. She paired her elegant ensemble with a pair of nude J Crew heels, while leaving her hair down in natural waves. READ MORE: Meghan's 'firm' gesture to Harry - 'Signals of anxiety' White is clearly the colour of the season as other stylish, well-known women have stepped out in white suits in recent weeks. The Duchess of Cambridge chose to don a white suit last week when she attended the unveiling of the National Windrush Monument at Waterloo Station. Kate’s suit was believed to be by Alexander McQueen, with the jacket retailing at £1,370, and the trousers costing £590. The Duchess had worn the suit before, pairing the jacket with an orange blouse when she was in Jamaica earlier this year for her and William’s Caribbean tour.  Interestingly, Meghan Markle also donned a white suit earlier this year. During April’s Invictus Games in The Hague, the Duchess of Sussex opted for a sleek Valentino suit, consisting of a slightly oversized double-breasted jacket and softly flared trousers. She accessorised with a matching white bag, also by Valentino, and white Aquazzura heels. Meghan’s jewellery was gold, as was Carrie’s today. The Prime Minister’s wife wore a gold chain necklace featuring a star pendant and a pair of dainty gold hoops. Carrie and Boris were welcomed by German Chancellor Olaf Scholz today for the first day of the G7 summit. Other world leaders from Canada, France, Italy, Japan, and the US had flocked to Germany too. Among the other best dressed women at the summit was Brigitte Macron, French President Emanuel Macron’s wife. Brigitte looked elegant in a beige dress with a beige wool coat. The dress was short, reaching just above Brigitte’s knees, while her tailored coat featured a collar and buttons. She completed her look with a pair of beige high heels and kept her blow-dried hair down in a sophisticated long bob. As for her make-up, Brigitte donned her signature black eyeliner and a slick of pink lipgloss.