Prince William is entering a new decade as the Duke of Cambridge celebrates turning 40 on Tuesday. He has increasingly taken over roles passed on from the Queen and the late Duke of Edinburgh, cementing his role as second in line to the throne. Speaking on Good Morning Britain, royal author Katie Nicholl discussed the Duke's milestone birthday and how his life may look over the next decade. Good Morning Britain correspondent Jonathan Swain said: "As he [William] enters his 40th year, his birthday is today, royal watchers say this is all about Prince William now, trying to establish himself as a future king". Ms Nicholl said: "I think what we are going to see in the next decade is see him put down the markers for the future Prince of Wales, that he's going to be and the future King. "I think, because that's going to be the focus for the next ten years, this feels like a very significant birthday". Mr Swain noted that the father-of-three will "celebrate his 40th birthday in private today, just with his family". READ MORE: Prince William to celebrate milestone birthday without his ‘wingman’ in ‘sad reality’ The correspondent added: "There are plans, and reports we understand, for Her Majesty The Queen has given permission to hold, and host, a joint birthday party for him, and his wife Catherine, who turned 40 earlier on this year. "One of the locations is possibly here, at Windsor Castle. "So I don't think they should have any issues with numbers. "They've got plenty of rooms here, I think". READ MORE:  William and Harry not ‘enamoured’ with Camilla after failing to congratulate her on title Kate celebrated the milestone birthday at the beginning of this year, on January 9. On Monday, the eve of his birthday, a series of photos were released of the Duke standing next to a Big Issue seller. The pictures were released after William vowed to step up his campaign work to help tackle homelessness. Earlier this month, Dave Martin showed William how to sell the Big Issue magazines that give an income to people who are homeless. DON'T MISS William, who appeared on the front page of the magazine, wrote: "So, for my part, I commit to continue doing what I can to shine a spotlight on this solvable issue not just today, but in the months and years to come. “And in the years ahead, I hope to bring George, Charlotte, and Louis to see the fantastic organisations doing inspiring work to support those most in need – just as my mother did for me.” The Duke of Cambridge is second in line to the throne, after his father Prince Charles. In true royal tradition, third in line is William's first child, and first son, Prince George.