This afternoon, the European Parliament voted to end the sale of 100 percent new combustion engine cars by 2035. Members of the European Parliament (MEPs) voted to ban sales of new petrol and diesel cars from 2035. Of a total of 612 votes, 339 were in favour of the proposals, while 249 MEPs rejected, alongside 24 who abstained. This is part of the European Union’s fight against global warming, looking to target the main causes of carbon emissions. Jan Huitema, a Dutch MEP for the People’s Party for Freedom and Democracy, was the lead lawmaker on the policy. Before the vote, he called for clarity in the car industry, designed at stimulating innovation and investment. READ MORE: Drivers warned of using 'not good' hypermiling techniques to save fuel Around 15 percent of the EU’s total greenhouse gas emissions comes from road transport. People will still be able to drive petrol and diesel cars and re-register the existing ones past this date. Tiemo Wölken, an MEP for the Social Democratic Party of Germany, took to Twitter to celebrate the news. He wrote: The EP (European Parliament) has just decided that new combustion engines should no longer be permitted after 2035. DON'T MISSDrivers urged to use hypermiling 'tricks' to increase fuel efficiency [INSIGHT]Drivers challenged to ditch their vehicles in July to help save planet [CHALLENGE]Van shortages and record fuel prices could lead to higher costs [WARNING] “In addition, we also rejected expensive, unavailable bogus solutions that the FDP and Union wanted. “A real success for industry and climate!” The UK Government has set out plans to ban the sale of new petrol and diesel vehicles from 2035. A further ban affecting hybrid cars will be introduced in 2035. The car industry and some political voices were calling for a more gradual transition to fully electric fleets. Also on the table was a proposed 55 percent cut in CO2 from vehicles in 2030 compared with 2021. EU law already requires carmakers to lower CO2 by 37.5 percent on average in 2030 compared with last year. Another MEP, Tilly Metz said: “#Fitfor55 votes on emissions standards for cars and vans. “Goal of 100 percent emission-free cars and vans by 2035 is maintained, nice try EPP (European People’s Party). “‘Sustainable fuel’ credits? Rejected. “Some much needed good news for the climate.”