Arsenal have made three signings so far this summer, but a new striker is yet to come through the doors at the Emirates. Gabriel Jesus appears to be the top target and Edu has two aces up his sleeve in being able to give the Brazilian exactly what he wants.  The Gunners have finally secured the future of Eddie Nketiah with just weeks to spare until he was set to become a free agent. Arsenal also rewarded the 23-year-old with a shirt number change, handing him Thierry Henry's old number 14 jersey. While Nketiah staying will be a huge boost to Mikel Arteta, mainly giving him at least one central striker for next season. But the Gunners are expected to target another striker in the market and Jesus appears to be the preferred option. Manchester City appear willing to let Jesus leave if Arsenal meet their valuation. For Arsenal, it may come down to convincing Jesus that the Emirates will be the best move for him. JUST IN: Arteta told he has already made Arsenal 'statement' before Jesus deal  After failing to qualify for next season's Champions League, Arsenal face an uphill battle in talks with targets who are also linked to the likes of Tottenham and Chelsea. But Arsenal are able to offer Jesus something neither of their London rivals can in making him the main central striker week-in and week-out. Jesus has reportedly grown frustrated at being left out of the starting line-up regularly by Pep Guardiola. At the Emirates, Arteta will be able to make Jesus the main man and regularly call on him to be the one Arsenal call upon to get the goals. DON'T MISS  And Edu can back that up by offering Jesus the famous No 9 jersey with Alexandre Lacazette vacating the shirt. City reportedly want a fee in the region of £50million for the Brazilian and Arsenal have already shown their willingness to splash the cash having signed Vieira. Arsenal also proved their intent in January by trying to enter the race for Dusan Vlahovic, who ended up joining Juventus for £66.6m. Jesus also fits into the system Arteta is trying to create at Arsenal with a more fluid attacking unit. Jesus was handed the No 9 shirt at City back in 2019 and has also worn the number for Brazil.