John McEnroe, 63, who has claimed victory at Wimbledon eight times, has spoken out vociferously in favour of newcomer Emma Raducanu's abilities. Since Emma, 19, won the US Open last year, she has failed to take the winner's spot in any tournament, but John is insistent that she could sail to the top again this year. With Wimbledon soon to kick off, John was quizzed on how far he felt Emma could go - and he didn't hold back in praising her. "She’s a supremely talented individual and has an excellent chance to make a good run," he exclaimed. "If she’s physically fit, I’d be very surprised if she lost early." He added to the Radio Times: "To think she couldn’t win would be ridiculous.” READ NOW: Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux However he admitted he was concerned by her not having a consistent coach as her role model. The Romanian-Chinese Grand Slam hopeful, who plays for Britain, has had three different coaches in just 12 months and now is expected to recruit a fourth, after being without one altogether since April. "It’s unusual for a player of any age to win a major and then decide you don’t want to continue with that coach,” John claimed. “It does seem like there’s been a lot of change to overcome, so much that it would be difficult for anyone, never mind a person of 19.” John might relate to Emma's record-breaking tennis brilliance, as they both have similar stories to tell on that score. Emma made history by becoming the first player ever to win the title after entering as just a qualifier. John also came through the qualifying route himself, and ended up exceeding everyone's expectations to make it to the Wimbledon semi-finals, back in 1977. He himself had been just 18 - the same age as Emma when she won at the US Open. DON'T MISS... Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [INSIGHT] Jeremy Clarkson skewers Lenny Henry’s Glastonbury diversity comments [DEBATE] James Martin in rare outing with secretive girlfriend Louise Davies [PHOTOS]  He shares her experience of crashing and burning after an initial victory, too. The following year at Wimbledon, he crashed out in the first round - a humiliating defeat for someone who'd almost won the tournament months previously. However after that hiccup, he went on to succeed and become a world famous tennis player. Therefore he doesn't feel Emma's recent failure to live up to the hype will have damaged her long-term chances. "Expectations go up greatly when you pull off something like [winning a grand slam]," he empathised, "and Emma did something no one in the history of tennis has done." He added: "The bigger you are, the harder you fall. "When you’re a kid and just trying to grow up, and it’s in front of people, it can be frustrating.” Wimbledon 2022 begins on June 27th, and will also include another Brit, Andy Murray who, in spite of recent hip surgery and a stomach injury, is looking forward to progressing in the competition.