Mr Javid sat down with journalist Justin Webb to discuss Tory MPs handing in letters of no confidence to the 1922 Committee. Mr Webb and the Secretary of State for Health and Social clashed over the fact that he had previously resigned from Boris Johnson's cabinet. Mr Javid went on to explain why he was hopeful that his colleagues would support the Prime Minister. The Secretary of State proclaimed how much he loved his political party, claiming there was a lot to be proud of. Mr Webb said: “And you’re still tying yourself are you to him, because of course you have previously resigned from Boris Johnson's cabinet, you’re saying you're going to stick with this, you're going to with the Prime Minister.” Mr Javid told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: “I’m supporting the Prime Minister and I hope more of my colleagues do tonight. “The Prime Minister will speak to my colleagues at the 1922 meeting tonight. “And they will of course make up their own mind, and as I say look, I love my party I think there's a lot that we can be proud of. JUST IN: Police release CCTV footage of suspects attacking Margret Thatcher's statue  Mr Javid added: "It’s a very proud democratic party, no leader that I’ve known has got 100% support of every single colleague. "But when you make decisions through due process openly and transparently and tonight is an opportunity to put all of this behind us and get on with the job.” Mr Johnson has been facing backlash from the British public and MPs for the results of the investigations into his rule breaking during the lockdown. The Prime Minister has not resigned despite calls for him to do so, but letters from Tory MPs asking him to step down have continued to be handed in. READ MORE:'Absolutely shameless' Sturgeon sparks fury after she's spotted in Royal Box at concert Chairman of the 1922 Committee, Sir Graham Brady said in a statement:  “The threshold of 15% of the parliamentary party seeking a vote of confidence in the leader of the Conservative Party has been exceeded. Boris Johnson has not spoken out directly about the news of the vote of confidence from other Tory party members. But No10 spokesman said Mr Johnson had  "welcomed" the Parliamentary vote as a chance to finally put to rest months of internal Tory disagreement. The spokesperson said: "Tonight is a chance to end months of speculation and allow the Government to draw a line and move on, delivering on the people’s priorities. "The PM welcomes the opportunity to make his case to MPs and will remind them that when they’re united and focused on the issues that matter to voters there is no more formidable political force."