Sir David Nicholas, former ITN Editor-in-Chief, has died aged 91. His death has been confirmed by the television production company in a statement published on social media. Tributes have started pouring in for the late editor, with broadcast stars such as Alastair Stewart and Piers Morgan among those speaking out on his death. ITN confirmed the news earlier today on Twitter, describing Sir David as “one of the great TV innovators”. The statement read: “We are deeply saddened at the death of former ITN Editor-in-Chief, Sir David Nicholas. “A hugely important figure in our history & one of the great TV innovators, his pioneering techniques continue to influence broadcast news today. “Our sincere condolences to Sir David’s family.” TalkTV presenter Piers Morgan reposted the tweet in view of his 7.9 million followers. He added: “A television news icon. “Very sad news. RIP David.” GB News presenter Alastair Stewart said: “From not taking no for an answer from ITV on the doing an open-ender on the moon-shot to persuading Thatcher to have a live camera in her car in 1979, David was simply the best, & the nicest & kindest of men. “There will be no prisoners taken when he & Alastair Burnet meet again!" (sic) Broadcaster Andrew Neil wrote: “Very sad to learn of the death of a lovely man, good friend and consummate newsman. “When he and Alastair Burnet were at the helm ITN’s News at Ten was by far the country’s best broadcast news. DON'T MISS...James Whale throws Lizzie Cundy off TalkTV for blasting Meghan Markle [LATEST]Piers Morgan's fresh jibe to Gary Lineker at Platinum Jubilee [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis' wife posts update from Jubilee pageant after accident [UPDATE] “Condolences to his dear wife. A great loss.” Sky News presenter Mark Austin typed: “One of the greats of TV News has left us. Sir David Nicholas shaped TV news from the 60s on, and was the key figure behind ITN’s News at Ten. “He gave this country a genuine, popular  ‘news’ alternative to the BBC. I was privileged to start my ITN career under his guidance. RIP.” ITV News Royal editor Chris Ship wrote: “Sad to hear of the passing of Sir David Nicholas at 92. “He was the grandfather of @ITN who built up one of the most respected news brands in the world. And the producer of the first ever News at Ten on @ITV in the 1960s. “An influential and pioneering figure in broadcast news.” Sir David joined ITN in 1960, after moving from the Yorkshire Post to the Daily Telegraph and later to the Observer. He was appointed Chairman in February 1989 and retired in October 1991, putting an end to a 32-year career at the production company.