“Stress is a part and parcel of modern day busy life and it often comes with the risk of high blood pressure,” said Dr Amit of Harley Street's luxury clinic, Cosmebeauté. “This condition can easily be managed by following the right medication and making changes in lifestyle habits.” The drink which could compliment your blood pressure levels is tomato juice. Dr Amit said: “Studies have shown tomato consumption to markedly help reduce raised blood pressure values with lifestyle changes and, where needed, medication. “Tomatoes contain a variety of bioactive components that make them and their products, including tomato juice, beneficial for health. “Above all, lycopene is well known for its strong antioxidant activity and the inhibition of LDL oxidation, which plays a key role in the initiation and development of atherosclerosis. READ MORE: High cholesterol: 'Eat plenty' of a particular food to reduce the amount 'absorbed' “Lycopene is the red pigment that gives tomatoes their distinctive red colour.” However, the red fruit is also packed with a blood pressure-lowering goodie - potassium. Blood Pressure UK explains that potassium plays a part in how much fluid is stored in your body, and how much gets released. The problem occurs when your body holds onto water, which will leave your blood with more fluid.  “This puts extra pressure against your blood vessel walls, raising your blood pressure,” the charity noted. To get rid of that extra fluid, you need a fine balance of sodium and potassium. Luckily, by eating more foods rich in the mineral, you can restore the delicate balance and see your blood pressure levels drop. Dr Amit said: “The effect of lowering systolic and diastolic blood pressure values with unsalted tomato intake has shown positive effects in several studies alongside the anti-inflammatory effects.” For example, a study, published in the journal of Food Science & Nutrition, found that the red juice was able to “significantly” cut blood pressure reading in those with pre-hypertension or hypertension. Looking at 480 people, the study supplied the participants with as much unsalted tomato juice as they wanted. However, most of the study participants drank about 200 millilitres every day. The participants were both male and female, with the average age being between 56 and 58. The study concluded that blood pressure was “significantly lowered” in 94 participants. The research team added: “These beneficial effects were not different between sexes and among the different age groups. “As tomato juice is an affordable and readily product, it could be practical as applied as a nutritional intervention to prevent CVDs [cardiovascular diseases] in people at risk.” However, Dr Amit noted that the juice you can prepare at home needs to be further analysed to see if this would be the case for everyone.