So-called staycations became popular during the pandemic, when overseas travel wasn't an option. Many people were pleasantly surprised to discover how easy it was to enjoy a good holiday right here at home. Recent Jubilee celebrations have seen the nation come together in a spirit of friendship and appreciation for the country we share. Perhaps there is no better time than now for a holiday which takes advantage of the UK's natural beauty, its history or its fabulous arts and culture. Even the weather is set to be fine, according to the Met Office. Holidaying at home will also provide a very welcome boost to the economy. It's said that many households accumulated significant savings during the pandemic, and many of us are understandably eager to spend a little of our hard-earned cash on ourselves and our families. British leisure and tourism firms are already feeling the benefits from increased bookings. Long airport queues and cancelled flights have created a miserable experience for many travellers. The travel industry needs to rectify these problems, but it doesn't look like the situation will improve any time soon. In the meantime, there are some advantages to enjoying a brilliantly British holiday instead. Record fuel prices are hitting motorists in the pocket but the impact doesn't stop there. High streets are suffering because shoppers have less money to spend, with retailers losing an estimated £23million a day as a result. It illustrates the importance of cutting the cost of travel, not only to support hardpressed drivers but also to boost the wider economy. One way of helping would be to cut parking fees, which are immensely expensive in many places. Local authorities, which own many car parks, must step up to the plate to back businesses. Both central government and councils need to concentrate on making high streets an attractive place to shop.This means ensuring they are clean and lively - and that customers still have money left to spend once they've parked the car. Even those few people who have never seen The Sound of Music would recognise the image of a joyful Dame Julie Andrews dancing in front of a spectacular mountain, and the tune of the famous title song. Very few films have had the same impact on our culture and few actors or actresses are as beloved as Dame Julie. She richly deserves her lifetime achievement award.