 The Future King made his comments to a guest at the Big Jubilee Lunch on the final day of the festivities on Sunday. The event hosting 450 guests was held at The Oval cricket ground in South London where the Prince was accompanied by the Duchess of Cornwall.   The Big Jubilee Lunch paid tribute to 70 volunteers from the Royal Voluntary Service’s Platinum Champions Awards, who are named Platinum Champions. Each volunteer was awarded a pin and a certificate to honour their achievement before the guests dug in to a six-tier cake featuring Union Jacks, Big Ben and red London buses. CEO of neighbourhood app Nextdoor Sarah Fair was one of the lucky guests who was able to meet the prince and have a discussion with him. Speaking to PA she said: “He said at the end how great it was that everyone came together this weekend.   “We see it with neighbours, right? I’m from a company called Nextdoor, so people coming together with the best coming out. “People who don’t know each other are out having fun.” According to Sarah, who is originally from Sion Mills in Co Tyrone, Northern Ireland, the future king said: “When it comes to Monday are we going to go back to all the bickering again? “Let’s hope we don’t do that.” READ MORE: ‘Humbled’ Queen inspired by nation’s kindness, joy and kinship   Sarah replied that it was “a wonderful thought” for all of us. Another lucky guest, Gemma Snow from the Eden Project was given the honour of sitting beside Charles at lunch for a few minutes. Ms Snow explained that he repeatedly mentioned “keeping that togetherness going”. It has been estimated that the Jubilee weekend saw over 16,000 parties held across the nation. Thousands of people were seen crowding the Mall for the Trooping the Colour on Thursday, followed by beacon lighting ceremonies up and down the country. DON'T MISS: Kate Middleton bakes cupcakes for Jubilee tea party with her kids [PICTURES]Beatrice and Eugenie stun crowds as royals spotted plate spinning [INFO]Beatrice and Eugenie show off 'new style' in Saloni & Roksanda dresses [INSIGHT]   Many were also in attendance for the Jubilee concert on Saturday night and for the Jubilee Pageant on Sunday where the Queen made a surprise visit. The Queen released a statement following the conclusion of the festivities that reads: “I have been humbled and touched that so many people have taken to the streets to celebrate my Platinum Jubilee… “I have been inspired by the kindness, joy and kinship that has been so evident in recent days, and I hope this renewed sense of togetherness will be felt for many years to come.” She concluded: “I thank you most sincerely for your good wishes and for the part you have all played in these happy celebrations.” 