General Sir Patrick Sanders, the newly-installed army chief, explained that he did not want to “risk the reputation” of the British Army with their deployment. He described the behaviour at Merville Barracks as “unacceptable” and “corrosive”.  The annual deployment is part of a ten-day joint military exercise with NATO allies – with around 400 paratroopers travelling to Bosnia and Kosovo from the UK to take part. However, following the emergence of the sex tapes a large swathe of the 3rd Battalion the Parachute Regiment has been ordered to stay at home. It marks a strong start to General Sanders’ posting as head of the British Army, which he only assumed earlier this week. In a letter seen by the Times, the military chief wrote to generals and commanding officers that he would not “risk the mission or the reputation of the British Army” by sending them abroad.  READ MORE: Veteran outraged as 'MOD not welcome here' sign appears in his town He noted that the soldiers would miss out on a chance to receive a medal during the operation, and the extra pay that comes with being deployed overseas. General Sanders said the paratroopers should spend the time instead to “reflect on where they have fallen short of what we all expect”. He added: “My message to the army is clear — our licence to operate is founded on trust and confidence and we must hold ourselves to the highest standards.” Eight soldiers were reportedly under investigation by the Royal Military Police earlier this month after videos emerged of an orgy with a civilian woman – which was found to be consensual.  It is said the woman was smuggled into the Colchester barracks 31 times in five months. Police reportedly established that no crime had been committed. However, General Sanders said that the activity and the footage that had been circulated could appear to “denigrate women” and fell below the army’s own standards. He said the behaviour was “unacceptable, corrosive and detrimental to the army’s reputation”. DON'T MISSUkraine LIVE: Do it! Lavrov goads UK to 'force Russia to knees' [LIVE BLOG]Charles and William snub Harry and Meghan over royal duties [VIDEO]BBC Weather: Health warnings issued as scorching UK heatwave hits peak [FORECAST]  Options are now said to be in discussion to replace the battalion with another battle-ready group. An army source remarked to the paper that General Sanders was “already making a mark” despite still being in his first week on the job. The new Chief of the General Staff previously headed up the UK’s Strategic Command, where he was praised for developing defence strategies for cyberwarfare and so-called “grey zone” attacks. Upon being announced as the successor to General Sir Mark Carleton-Smith, General Sanders commented: “The Russian invasion of Ukraine is a stark reminder that the world is becoming increasingly dangerous and uncertain with war on land coming to Europe for the first time in decades.  “The British Army will play its part in defending the UK and our allies as we have for centuries.” In May, reports emerged of another incident of poor behaviour by members of 3 Para in North Macedonia while on an exercise.  General Sanders reportedly referenced the incident in his letter, stating: “Recent events indicated that 3 Para is not demonstrating the levels of discipline and respect for others expected of one of our battalions. “I am not prepared to risk the NATO mission or the reputation of the British army by deploying 3 Para at this time.” 