EE is right now offering a great deal on the iPhone 13 which offers a big contract saving and tonnes of Apple freebies. As part of its Summer Sale, EE has not only slashed the price of an iPhone 13 with an Unlimited 5G data SIM by over £100 but they're also throwing six months worth of free access to Apple Music, Apple TV+, Apple Arcade and Apple News+. In total this offers customers a whopping saving of around £285. The EE iPhone 13 Unlimited data plan has been cut in price by £106 while the Apple freebies alone are worth around £180. Usually if you're looking to get Unlimited data with an iPhone 13 at EE it will cost you £64 a month with a £30 upfront payment. But as part of a sale going on right now EE has cut the monthly price down to £60 and reduce the upfront fee by £10 to £20. If you want to take advantage of this great deal - which is cheaper than similar packages from O2 and Vodafone - then you need to act quick as the iPhone 13 deal is ending soon. The promotional price of the iPhone 13 is only available at EE until the end of this month. Alerting Apple fans to the deal, the official EE Twitter account posted: "iPhone 13. Your new superpower. Save £106 and get Apple Music, Apple TV+, Apple Arcade and Apple News+ free for six months. "£60 per month (was £64), £20 upfront (was £30), Unlimited data plan." The Apple freebies included with an iPhone 13 alone offer EE customers a saving of around £180. Both Apple Music and Apple News+ are priced at £9.99 a month while Apple Arcade and Apple TV+ are £4.99 a month. All of these subscription services offer a wealth of content to enjoy, with Apple Music boasting a library of over 90million songs and Apple TV+ being home to hit shows like Ted Lasso and the Oscar winning Coda. Meanwhile, Apple Arcade offers endless hours of fun thanks to over 200 games included with the service while Apple News+ will let you access paid-for news content from publications such as The Wall Street Journal. If you haven't upgraded your iPhone for a few years, you'll also notice plenty of changes with the iPhone 13. Like the iPhone 12 before it, all iPhone 13 models come with an OLED display which is ideal if you like to binge boxsets or watch movies on your smartphone. While the iPhone 13, like the more expensive Pro and Pro Max models, is also powered by the powerful A15 Bionic chip which will easily meet all of your smartphone needs. And for those that love to shoot videos, one of the big selling points of the iPhone 13 range is the new Cinematic mode - which does all the heavy lifting to make sure videos you shoot have a sleek, professional look to it.