Leeds United chiefs are waiting for Arsenal to up their offer for Raphinha before they finalise any deal with Chelsea for their attacking talisman, according to reports in Brazil. The highly sought-after winger is one of the hottest names on the market and that is set to be of huge benefit to the Whites, who are keen to maximise their profits as they reluctantly negotiate Raphinha's exit. Arsenal opened the bidding for the 25-year-old last week but their approach was immediately rebuffed by Leeds. Talks have since continued between the two clubs. Things have since moved quickly though with Chelsea fixated on hijacking the deal after matching Leeds' £60million asking price. As of Tuesday, Raphinha and his agent Deco were discussing personal terms with the Chelsea hierarchy. However, according to Goal in Brazil, Leeds are keen to see if Arsenal make a higher offer as they seek to encourage a bidding war. READ MORE: Chelsea 'receive response' from Juventus after 'offering two players' for Matthijs de Ligt Separate reports indicate that Leeds have already reached an agreement with Chelsea, therefore a deal could be imminent. Raphinha has been away on holiday in Ibiza, where he was pictured partying with his representative Deco. Tottenham are said to have been turned down by Raphinha as they continue to work on a deal for Everton forward Richarlison. Express Sport reported on Saturday that Arsenal were preparing a second offer for Raphinha this week though - although that is yet to arrive. DON'T MISSMan Utd to bolster Erik ten Hag transfer budget as '£11m Fulham agreement struck'Arsenal 'respond' after receiving William Saliba transfer proposalRaphinha makes transfer decision affecting Arsenal and Spurs after Barcelona agent meeting It remains to be seen whether it would have been enough to gazump the money being tabled by London rivals Chelsea. The Blues are looking to mark the new era under Todd Boehly in style as part of Thomas Tuchel's revolution at Stamford Bridge. Boehly is personally driving the negotiations with Leeds for Raphinha and the Blues are confident the deal will get done. Chelsea are also set to move for Raheem Sterling after opening talks with Manchester City for the four-time Premier League winner. The vision is for Sterling and Raphinha to revamp Chelsea's attack with Hakim Ziyech, Timo Werner and Christian Pulisic all potentially in line to depart. Romelu Lukaku is set to complete his loan switch to Inter Milan imminently after arriving back in Italy to undergo a medical. Barcelona remain keen on Raphinha but their financial struggles have hampered their hopes of securing a deal for the forward. They were primed to immediately trigger his £21m relegation clause that would have become active had Leeds suffered the drop but his goal in the 2-1 win at Brentford on the final day of the season, secured safety for the Whites.