Arsenal are reportedly monitoring Real Madrid star Marco Asensio ahead of a potential move in the summer as his career in the Spanish capital continues to appear in limbo. Asensio, 26, burst onto the scene at the Santiago Bernabeu in 2016. Becoming one of the best young players in the world when he broke into the side, an ACL injury - which incidentally came against the Gunners in July 2019 - meant he has so far failed to displace the likes of Vinicius Junior and Rodrygo in Madrid's XI. With his contract running out next summer, the Mallorca-born hero is set to decide his future by the start of next week if Real are to recoup a fee. The European Champions have given him the offer of a one-year extension to prolong his Los Blancos career. But the terms offered by Madrid are reportedly below what Asensio wants, which could see him move to other teams on the continent - with Arsenal monitoring him despite Tottenham, Man Utd and AC Milan's interest, according to the Daily Mirror. The Spanish giants do not want to lose him for nothing given that he featured in over 40 games last season under Carlo Ancelotti. Spurs and Milan have both been offered Asensio by his agent, although Arsenal are now keen to know his demands. Their lack of Champions League football is not a deal breaker for Asensio, although it is not favourable either. And he wants guarantees that he would receive regular game time for any new potential side before making the switch. “We are going to have certain resources, not unlimited resources, some resources,” Asensio's agent said in May. “And with our resources we have to play and do what we have to do in the best possible way. We don't know what the rest are going to have in terms of resources, which I'm assuming is going to be challenging because now it's not a top three or top four league.  "Now it is a top eight or 10 teams that are involved. That's why we have to find a way to do again what we did last summer.” The Gunners are set to lose Alexandre Lacazette in just three weeks' time, with striking options also expected through the door at the Emirates over the coming months.