Chelsea are edging closer to the signing of highly-rated Chicago Fire goalkeeper and reported Real Madrid target Gabriel Slonina ahead of next season, according to reports. The Blues are widely expected to spend heavily in the transfer market before the start of the new campaign, with new owner Todd Boehly set to hand Thomas Tuchel a nine-figure budget to improve his squad over the coming weeks and months. The Chelsea boss is thought to be a keen admirer of Slonina, who has turned plenty of heads with his age-defying performances in the MLS as of late. The 18-year-old stopper is now closing in on a move to Stamford Bridge, with a final agreement expected to be reached in the not-too-distant future, according to Fabrizio Romano.It is claimed that Chelsea are 'really close' to rubber-stamping a deal for Slonina at the expense of Real Madrid, who have also stepped up their interest in bringing him to the Bernabeu in advance of next season. The newly-crowned European champions have already seen a bid rejected by Chicago Fire to give the Blues the upper hand in the race to snap him up on a permanent basis.Slonina's current employers are set to receive a fee in the region of £8.5million for his services, while a loan-back clause may also be included in the deal to see him join Chelsea. The west Londoners already have Edouard Mendy and Kepa Arrizabalaga at their disposal, which suggests that a temporary return to the MLS could be a smart move for Slonina in order to continue developing on an upward trajectory. JUST IN: Arsenal risk Youri Tielemans problem if Gunners complete exciting move The American goalkeeper is one of his country's most talented young stars and became the youngest stopper to ever play in the MLS upon making his league debut for Chicago Fire back in August. He was recently called up by Poland for this month's Nations League fixtures but chose to reject the offer before declaring his wish to represent the United States at international level in the near future.Chelsea reportedly tried to sign Slonina in the January transfer window but failed to push a deal over the line before they were sanctioned by the UK government in March. The Blues were said to have been close to agreeing personal terms with the player and his representatives but were left unable to finalise the move when they were prevented from making any further signings as a result of the wide-ranging restrictions, which have since been lifted. Meanwhile, it remains to be seen whether Slonina will have what it takes to emerge as a success at Chelsea, who have gained a reputation for developing some of the best young players in the Premier League in recent years. He has already underlined his desire to be recognised as one of the planet's finest goalkeepers and will be desperate to make the most of his talents in order to meet his targets over the course of his career."I strive to want to be the greatest goalkeeper in the world," Slonina recently told the MLS website. "So I think I'm just going to keep putting in that work, making sure I take the right steps toward that direction every single day." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here