Katie McGlynn, 28, spoke to Express.co.uk about her heartbreak at securing her role on Coronation Street shortly after the death of her beloved grandfather. He had been diagnosed with prostate cancer two and a half years earlier, after receiving an initial prognosis of six months from doctors. Katie was extremely close to her grandad, and she credits him with helping her to succeed in her career.She explained that he would take her to drama classes as a child and encouraged her to pursue acting as she got older.  Katie said: “If it wasn’t for him, I don’t think I would be where I am right now. He was always the one who pushed me to do acting.“I remember we used to watch Coronation Street and I had just landed my first job on Waterloo Road. READ MORE:Strictly star Shirley Ballas, 61, exposes awkward wardrobe malfunction "He said, ‘When are you going to get on Coronation Street, Katie?’ and I said, ‘Maybe one day, Grandad’.”Heartbreakingly, just as Katie secured her job as Sinead Tinker on the soap, her grandad passed away.She recalled: “He passed away just before his 80th birthday in the February, then a week or two later I got my first audition for Coronation Street.  “I’ve never really thought about things like that, but it is nice to think that maybe he might have had something to do with it. “It was a bittersweet moment because I wanted him to know about it, and sadly he didn’t.”After watching her grandfather suffer with the illness, Katie has teamed up with men’s health charity, Prostate Cancer UK, to raise awareness.Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men, with one in eight contracting the disease.It is not always life-threatening and the earlier it is caught, the more likely it is to be cured. DON'T MISSCliff Richard, 81, stuns fans with ‘ageless’ looks at Wimbledon[LATEST]Kirstie Allsopp narrowly avoids hospital after 'swallowing AirPod'[NEWS]Amanda Owen confirms sudden split from grumpy husband Clive[INSIGHT] Discussing the campaign, Katie continued: “Prostate cancer doesn’t have a screening programme like cervical cancer or breast cancer.  “It can be hard to detect. There are symptoms, but they are not always reliable.“So, we want to raise awareness, get people involved, and donate so that we can pull together and get this screening programme.”According to the NHS website, symptoms include an increased need to pee, difficulty while on the toilet, feeling that your bladder has not emptied fully and blood in urine. Although these symptoms do not always mean you have prostate cancer, it is important to go and get checked. Earlier this month, Katie sat down with presenter Jenny Powell and Love Island star Arabella Chi to discuss how prostate cancer has affected them.You can watch The Sit Down here.To hear more about Katie’s story and how she is supporting Prostate Cancer UK visit: prostatecanceruk.org/the-sit-down