But the court has shown good sense. These migrants who came here illegally aren’t being sent to a war zone. They’re being sent to one of the safest countries in Africa to have their visa applications processed. In his judgement, Mr Justice Swift said: “I do not consider there is any evidence for the duration of the interim period that there will be ill-treatment, refoulement, or anything that gives rise to Article 3 treatment.” Now I’m sure these so-called “human rights” lawyers must be spitting nails at the Court’s decision because they also wanted the law scrapped that allowed any of the migrants crossing the Channel to be sent there at all. For years, these lawyers have been trying to stop illegal immigrants being deported because they seem to think that immigration laws in themselves are inhuman. They want Britain to fling open its doors to all comers no matter who they are or where they’re from and over the years they’ve even fought for the rights of killers, rapists and violent criminals to stay here. And they’ve won. But this time they had help in their quest – from our very own civil servants who are paid vast sums of money to implement Government policy yet have got it into their silly, little woke heads that it’s their job to thwart any Government policy they don’t like – particularly those involving illegal immigration. One of them – too cowardly to be named – said on TV this week that processing asylum claims in Africa was akin to people trafficking. I mean seriously? And so now they’ve launched a campaign against the Rwanda deportations slating them as “racist”. And an anonymous account on Twitter called “Our Home Office” has suddenly sprung up encouraging civil servants to “have the spine" to say "No minister.” And there’s a photo of their sticker which has an orange heart and says “Refugees Welcome”. One of their posters which has been stuck up in a Home Office visa centre in Sheffield reads: “No, to hostile environments. No, to shutting down democracy. No to racist deportations.” Well, of course, they’re all perfectly entitled to disagree with these deportations but NOT while taking a fat salary from the Government. Surely there must be a clause in their contracts which makes clear that publicly trashing Government policy is a no-no. And if there isn’t there should be. These idiots, who’ll will never have to worry about how these migrants are taken care of, where they are housed, how much it costs to keep them, how their numbers will affect our already swamped NHS – shouldn’t be working for a Government they clearly hate and which they think they know better than. And while they might imagine they’re all heroes championing the tortured and oppressed – they’re not. They’re actually helping to boost the coffers of evil traffickers who don’t give a stuff whether the people in those Channel boats live or die. And the next time women and children DO die in the Channel’s freezing waters – and they will – those civil servants and leftie lawyers should remember that what they’re doing helps make that happen. As for those lawyers who are making millions out of the business of illegal immigration – we should all be shouting from the rooftops about how much cash they’re raking in. One north London based company claimed nearly £20m in legal aid for immigration over a three year period. And there’s more like them. What the hell is wrong with these people? Don’t they want to stop migrants risking their lives on those flimsy boats? Don’t they want to stop the traffickers who are making multi millions every year. Last year more than 28,500 people made the crossing. This year it’s already at 10,000 – all at between £5,000-£10,000 a pop. I get that the traffickers don’t give a stuff about what happens to the people in those hellishly overcrowded boats. But you’d think all those lawyers who trade in “humanity” and tell us how compassionate and caring they are, just might. But no, making political statements and raking in millions from legal aid seem to matter more. Don’t they get that in trying to disable this country’s immigration laws they’re actually working hand in hand WITH the traffickers and putting people lives in danger. Because as long as they’re blocking the deportations the traffickers will keep sending over the migrants in those rickety boats. The determination of these lawyers to pretend they’re decent and moral and working for the public good is actually laughable. They’re making just as money out of this human misery as the traffickers. And what kind of jobs do they think the illegals who disappear inside the system here will end up with? They’ll end up working for slave wages and many as actual slaves – both sexual and domestic. Their illegal status will be exploited and they’ll be paid peanuts. So well done you lawyers for giving these desperate people “a better life”. And wouldn’t you think lawyers might have a bit more respect for the law and not spend their lives trying to find ways to make a mockery of it? They keep telling us that everyone coming in those boats is fleeing persecution which is tosh. Last time I looked, France, which is where they’re coming from, wasn’t a war-torn hellhole. More importantly more than 70 percent of people in those boats are economic migrants – fit, single men. No one is hurting or torturing them. They just fancy a better life in Britain. And I get that. If I was them I probably would too. But they can’t all have it. And they sure as hell shouldn’t be allowed to come here illegally and take it. As for these lawyers and (and civil servants) denouncing Rwanda as a hellhole. It isn’t. It’s one of the safest countries in Africa right now. It has undergone a stunning transformation since the genocide war nearly 30 years ago and it’s now a safe, thriving, civilised country. Hell, even The Guardian has carried drooly travel features urging us Brits to go there on holiday to sample “affordable safaris” and the great food. And all the migrants are doing is being processed there and if their applications are successful they’re being offered five years access to education and support. Hardly torture. Interesting though that those very people denouncing Rwanda now would be incensed if someone like Boris or Priti Patel did it. They’d say it was condescending, inhuman and racist. But suddenly it suits their narrative to scream that a totally safe and decent country is an uncivilised cesspit. So well done Priti Patel for trying to end this people trafficking. This country has a proud heritage of taking in and helping genuine refugees, people who are fleeing cruel and unspeakable situations. And we must continue to do that. But the fact is the majority of the people on those boats are not fleeing war or persecution and the British people have a right to demand that the immigration laws put in place to protect our borders should not be abused.