As viewers await the return of CBS’ acclaimed procedural drama NCIS, fans believe the instalment could see a surprise return of a beloved character. After she was last seen in the season 18 finale, a major clue hinted at Eleanor Bishop’s (played by Emily Wickersham) potential return.  In 2021, season 18’s finale ended with a huge surprise for fans as it revealed Agent Eleanor Bishop would be leaving the team. She handed in her notice after it was revealed she had leaked an NSA document from 10 years earlier. However, it was soon discovered this was a ploy to look like a disgraced agent and hide the fact Bishop was going undercover on an operation. While this broke the hearts of fans across the world, her love interest Agent Nick Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) was also left heartbroken as he had just expressed his feelings for her. READ MORE: Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser With season 20 expected to land on screen later this year, viewers are convinced the show’s comeback could also see Bishop’s return. Taking to Reddit, user Open-Weakness-4261 wrote: “Directors always want to keep their doors open to actors and how she left with an unfinished story.” The viewer asked other fans: “Do you think we could at least see a 1-2 episode cameo in like season 22 or 23?” Another user agreed: “I honestly think it's pretty likely she'll come back eventually, it's not like she has major issues with the producers or something.  “She stepped out to have a kid, and now the kid has been born. Give it a season or two and she may come back for a couple episodes to resolve this plotline.” While the actress did step away from the role to start a family, there’s a possibility she may return after she shares that her son had been born. Taking to Instagram in December, Wickersham posted a photo of her adorable bundle of joy and introduced him to fans. The photo was captioned: “Welcome to the world, Cassius Wickersham Dale born 12/30/21 just in time to join the party to ring in the New Year.  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Charity Dingle devastated as Noah killed off-screen [THEORY]NCIS LA’s Chris O’Donnell recalls moment wife almost got him ‘fired' [INSIGHT]How much money did Michael Weatherly make from NCIS role? [INSIGHT] “You are more than [James Badge Dale] and I could ever have imagined, we are so in love with you.” Although the actress has yet to confirm her return, fans remained hopeful even though her official departure announcement didn’t hint at a possible comeback. At the time, Wickersham stated: “Hangin’ this hat and jacket up, what a great ride it’s been. “This cast, this crew, are top notch, I can’t say enough kind words about this group that I’ve had the pleasure of working with for close to 8 years now and 172 episodes later.  “This business is finicky and weird and consistency is a rarity, I’ve been lucky enough to be a part of a show where I got to show up and act and laugh and learn with wonderful people. “A moment in time I surely won’t forget. Thank you CBS and NCIS for including me in a part of television history, time goes fast. eat it up but chew slowly.” Although Bishop is no longer a part of the team, her plot was left unfinished, which leaves room for her return to wrap up her storyline. However, season 20 could see her come back and re-join the team on a regular basis, as it would definitely delight Torres, who had been battling feelings of rejection. NCIS season 20 will premiere on CBS in the USA later this year. Season 19 continues Wednesdays on Disney+ in the UK. 