Tim Henman has sent Serena Williams a warning as she is set to make her comeback from a year-long injury absence at Wimbledon. The American tore her hamstring in her first-round clash in SW19 last year and will make her first appearance at a Grand Slam since suffering the injury. She will begin her Wimbledon comeback with a first-round tie against France’s Harmony Tan on Tuesday, but Henman has outlined one area where her game may suffer. “I watched her practice,” the BBC pundit said. “One of the small changes this year has been a little bit of practice on centre court and court one to bed those surfaces in after the challenges of slippery courts last year. “To see Serena out there, her ball striking was phenomenal and with all due respect that is probably an easy thing because once you have that skillset it’s always going to be there, but when she starts to be pushed and when she gets into the longer matches I think that is where the challenge will be. “We have seen it with some of the other older players, it doesn’t get any easier but it is such a fantastic story to have Serena back in the women’s draw and fingers crossed she can have a great run.” JUST IN: Medvedev cracks Wimbledon ban joke after playing with ex-Man Utd star There was speculation that Williams had retired before she surprisingly announced her participation at Wimbledon this year. "I didn't retire. I just needed to heal physically, mentally," Williams said at the All England Club on Saturday. “I had no plans, to be honest. I just didn't know when I would come back. I didn't know how I would come back. "Obviously Wimbledon is such a great place to be, and it just kind of worked out." DON'T MISS  The seven-time Wimbledon champion played her first event at Eastbourne but her preparations for the Grand Slam were cut short when her doubles partner Ons Jabeur was forced to withdraw with an injury. Williams and Jabeur defeated Marie Bouzkova and Sara Sorribes Tormo, and then Shuko Aoyama and Chan Hao-ching to reach the semi-final before Jabeur was forced to retire during their match with Aleksandra Krunic and Magda Linette. "I have had some really good training leading up to Wimbledon and up to this tournament, really hitting the ball well and just working out. It's been working and it's just been connecting," Williams added. "I feel like I have been serving well so that's been really good. Working really hard on that. I have been returning well. "I've missed a lot today, but the young ladies they were serving really well, the ball was staying lower, but yes, those two shots have really come together for me."